gi%nhtxb» %Mtm\i\nt Tuesday, 20th August, 1895. 'tt&tion; of 'Settlers hi the Jilachvood District re Railway Route— Use of Dredge on. the (.Vinni'n// Itiwr— Legislation re Ground Vermin and Bird Pests—liailnay and Theatre Refreshment Rooms Licensing Hill ; report— Married Women's Pro fiertif Bill; in committee— Depositing Stone, $o.t in River at Rocky Bay; Legislative Council's amendment; in committee — Estimates, JSOG'OQ; in committee— Crown Suits Hill: first reading—' Sale of Goods BUI: first reading— Free Railway Passes Granted, 16V4-D5— Adjournment, Tan SPEAKER took tho chair at 4,30 o'clock, p.m. Piuyeus. PETITION OF SETTLERS IN BLA0KW00D DISTRICT re RAILWAY ROUTE. Mb. HARPER, on behalf of Sir J. G. Lice Bteere,, prosoutcd a potition, signed by Mr. G. M. Williams and other sottlora in tho Blackw6od district, praying that tho routo of tho Blaokwood railway should ho viA Brook hampton and Thompson's Brook, Petition road and ordorod to ho printed, TJSM-Or DREDGH ON TUB CANNING . Itl-VBR. Mr-R ANDELL (for .Mr. James) in accord unco with notice, asked tho Director of Publio WoMa^l)- tho timo during whiohtho dredge- *' Black. Swan' ,had beortomployod on tho Canning.Bivor; (2) tho work done, its cost* and' .tho- ?object forwhioh it had boon— and was being dono;j*(8) tho -amount of work ito bodono,.and tho tirao oxpoctod to bo takon 1n doing it. , THE, DIRECTOR OP PUBLIC 'WORKS (Hon.3LW. Venn) roplied as follows;— (1) SincoAugust', 1892,. to datoj or, say, threo (3) years oxaatly. (2) Work dono.— 7,260 linoalvfcot, or'nbout olio and two-fifths milos of channol'dredgod to a minimum dopth of about 4ft. at low wator, with tho exception of Bomo silted up patches, which will rcquiro furthor dooponing. Thischannolhasboonpilod, stakod', and wattlod throughout tho groatcr part of.' its length, and whorovor dooniod nocossary. Minor accossory works have been exooutod intho way of gonoral improvements Tho labor has boon practically all oonviot. , (3)y Cost to date, £3,113. ' LEGISLATION re GEOUND VERMIN AND BIRD PESTS. ?j Mb. PIESSE, in acoordanco with notice Rskod tho Attornoy-Gouoral whoDhor it was tho intention of tho Govormnont, during this Bossion of Parliamont, to introdueo a measure dealing with tho destruction of grouud vormin and bird posts. Thk ATTOBNEY.QENERAL (Hon. S. Burt) replied that tho Government had no intontion of introducing a measuro of tho charaotor referred to in tho question of tho hon. mciubor. \- RAILWAY AND REFRESHMENT ROOMS LICENSING BILL. BEPOItT, Upon tho roadiug of tho amendments mado In committee, Tirn ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. S Burt) moved that tho amendment mado in Clauao 1 bo not ngroed to. Ho said this amendmont was rendorcd unnecessary by tho form in which tho Bill had passod through Committoo, Motion put and passed, and tho amondmont struok out accordingly. - Remainder of Oomuiittoo's amondmonts agrood to and roport adopted. Mb. RANDKLL asked tho Attornoy General to havo tho Bill roprintod with tho numorous amendments, so that hon, mombors might soo a fair print of tho Bill boforo tho third reading, ' The SPEAKER said ho approvod of tho suggestion in its application to Bills gonor ally, when amondod ; and tho idea had of ton occurred to him that cuch a courso would bo convonient, aa a genoral practico, so that hon. inombors might soo each Bill in its amouflod form boforo tho third reading. Ordered, that tho. third reading bo mado an Order of tho Day for Thursday, 22nd August. MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL, IN COMMITTEE. Clausoli Agroedto. Clauso 2-—' Costs may bo ordorod to bo paid out of proporty, subjoot to restraint on anti cipation ' i Mr. JAMES askod why tho word 'woman' was usod in tho second lino, and -whothor thoro was an- object in so using tho word, ?'' The ATTORNEY - GENERAL (Hon. S. Buvt) said this Bill had como down from tho Uppor Houso, whoro it was introduced by a ptivato mombovj but although ho (tho Attor aoy-Qonoral) hud promised to introduco tho Bill into this Houso, ho had not studied its provisions closely, Tho word ' woman ' in this Bill'mounta marriod woman, Mb. JAMES moved, us au amondmont, that iho words ' against a woman or' bo inserted nftor tho word (- institutod,' in tho first lino. 2?1iq rulo providod in tho ola\iso should apply ?**» both easos. Amondmont put and passed. Clauso, as amondod, agrood to. Clauses 3 and -1 : Agrood to, Chu\soG-'LoBUitlo'i Mn. jAXiuiis oxprossou rogret that no pro vision was mado in tho Bill for mooting what ho regarded ms a scandalous omission iu tho English Act, which permitted a married woman who had a largo sopavato ineomo to keop it from tho reach of creditors, instead of paying her just debts. Married women were, undoi' tho English Act, given a vory wide protection Bo concorned proporty of which thoy had not got tho power of disposal j but the law wout furthw, for a married woman might havo a largo income which could not .bo got at by creditors for tho payment of hor debts, and thore wns no moans providod by which appli cation could bo mado to a judgo for an ordor io. apply part of tho ineomo in such caso for . tho purpoflo of paying the womau's dobts. Ho regretted that no provision wns mado in this Hill for dealing with such a scandalous jtato of things, Tire ATT0KNEY-GENE1UL (Hon. S. Burt) suggested that, if tho hon, member desired to proposo an amondmont in tho dirootion, lio might move to roport progroBS. On tho motion of Mn. JAMES, progross was roportod and loavo givon to sit again. DEPOSITING STONE, fca, IN RIVER AT ROCKY BAY. LKaiSLATIVM COUNCIL'S MKSSAOIi— IN C0MMTTKI. Mossago furthor considered, Tiih DIRECTOR OF' PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. II. W. Vonn) said it was necessary that this House should present a reply to tho mossngo, received from the Uppor Houso. Ho thcrof dro moved that tho following roply bo forwarded to tho Legislative Council :— ' In roply to Mossago No. 1 from tho Logiolativo Council, tho Lugislativo Assembly acquaints tho Legislative Council that it appointod a Soloet Committoo to ouquiro iuto tho matter reforrod to in tho said mossago, and tho Com mittoo has roportod—1 That, in tho opinion of tho Committoo, no furthor onoroaohmont in tho frontago should bo mado or allowed by tipping Band cr stono into tho river than would bo shown -by a lino drawn parallel with tho yellow lino an shown on ohartNo. 3,720, being at least 10 oloar foot within tho said yollowlino/ and that tho LogiBlativo Assoinbly agrees In tho abovo roport.' Ho said it would bowoU-alsO'tosondwith tho roply tho chart referred to in the motion, Question put and passed. Resolution adopted. Report adopted, Ordorod, that tho resolution bo transmitted yj inossago to tho Legislative Council. ESTIMATES 1895-6. . IN COMMITTHE. Dobato upon , Sir Johu Forrest's motion, That tho first votp, 'His Excollonoy tho Glovomor,' stand at £1,446— continuod, Mb. LEAKEs In roforring' to tho Budgot proposals of tho Govomraont at this stago, I tako it'that it ia not dosirablo that hon. mom bers Bhould dwoll at unnocoBsary longth upon tho dotails of tho Estimates, and, theroforo, g-uidod by that rulo, thoy can shorton tho dis cussion on tho first item in a vory material manner. Cortainly I shall rosorvo for myself tho privilogo of oriticising tho Estimates, and particularly tho ostimatos of tho Public Works and, tho Railways Department somowhat minutely. ThoBoEatiraatoBlflnd, aftor oaroful oxaniiuation/do not matorlally differ from Esti mates of previous years oxoopt hi this rospoot, that' tho 'dopartmonts arolargorand couso qxiontly thoro aro more salaries to bo paid, and thoro is this now departure, that sums aro being voted, out of tho rovonuo for the pur poses of publio works. That suggestion, I think, camo from tho Opposition sido of tho Houso during laat aossion, and I am glad to think that tho Government have noon .fit to adopt it. 1 am sorry that tho hon, mombor for WostPorth should ridicule tho Idoa. I say again that 'it was a prinoiplo which was urgod with considorablo forco on this sido of tho House, and particularly when wo wore critioising the loan polioy of tho Governmont. I cannot, therefore, but admit, that so far as this principle is concorned, thoro is littlo in thoso Budgot proposals for hon. mombors to cavil at, and I think most hon. mombors dosiro to acknowledge that tho Government is right whon thoy are right, And to attaok thorn only whon thoy find a propor opening. Mb. Simpson : Hear, hoar. Me. LEAKE s Thore is no suoh oponing for hon. niombors on this sido of tho House With regard to tho gonoral principles disolosod by tho Bndgot, hon. inombors on both Bidos of tho Houso cannot but congratulate thorn solves, and congratulate tho oountry, -upon tho onormouB inoroaso that appoars to havo boon mado during tho last 12 months. It is fortunate, indood, that circumstances allow us to bo as liboral as it is proposod that thoao Estimatos shall bo, and I congratulate tho country most hoavtily upon its Bound financial petition. OircumBtancofl suoh as thoso should, and I havo no doubt will, bo takon ad vantago of by Parliamont, and it is satis faotory that, at any rate for tho timo boing, tho polioy of borrowing is chookod or bus pondod. But tho Governmont havo still tho opportunity of riding what appears to bo thoir favoiito hobby, that of spending money. Well, tho only quostion wo ask hon. niomboro to considor is this— Is tho oxpondituro juntiflod and moritod in tho particular olrounistancos P Thoro is ono point whioh occurs to mo in tho oonsidoration of thoso Budgot proposals, and it is ono whioh lion, mombors havo hoard of before and will hoar of again boforo thi3 sossion closos, or at any rato, beforo this Parliamont comes to an end, and it is this, that wo should bo moro liboral than wo havo been in rogavd to our taxation j and I affirm raostpositivoly that had thoso EBtimatos boon boforo Parliament at tho timo when tho Tariff proposals of tho Govormnont wore passed, thoro would havo beon loss difficulty iu^xtonding tho sohodulo of tho Bill, and placing oortain artiolos on tho frco list, and in adopting tho suggestion which I mado, to roduoo thoso ad valorem dutios of 20 por cent, and 25 por oout,, which at tho present moment aro undoubtedly a drag upon tho community. Wo should havo had a greater opportunity of roduoiug tho cost of living, and tho costs all rotind, had wo known what tho Budgot proposals of tho Govormnont in dotail wore to bo, I am moro convincod than ovor of tho necessity for tho roduotion of our Customs taxation, and parti cularly am I movod iu this dirootion, whon I considor Iho os timato of thq rovonuo for tho ensuing year ; and whilst tho Promior oongra tulatos hitnsolf upon a cortainly largo in croaso, and ho dosiros also to bo on tho safe Bide in undor- estlmating tho rovonuo for tho ensuing year, I cannot but oxpross tho opinion, which I know I am supported in by many hon, mombors, that the surplus rovonuo for tho next year will considerably exoood tho Hon. tho Premier's estimate, and willoxcoodit by a far groator sum than ought, uudor tho oiroumstancos, to appoar. I havo ofton hoard tho hon, mombor for Gerald ton say it is not safo to prophosy uuloss you know, but I ahall not bo Burprisod if wo find on Juno 30, 1800, that tho Hon. tho Treasurer is ablo to inform tho country that ho has a surplus of .£200,000, or ^250,000. I only hopo my prediction will bo roalisod, and hon. mombors will not, I am sure, blame mo for boing ovor- onthusiastio or ovor-hopoful ; but thoro is nothing what over to Bhow that tho progross of tho country inboiug hindored in tho slightest dogroo, On tho other hand wo havo ovidonco to con vinco us that our progross is really only just boginning, and that wo must during next year eontyv'G Rtov'TvrosoRJi ,r.ajto ,or^at » „ boater rato of progress than wo aro at present ox porionoiug. In many dopartmontB thore aro increases for Balarios, and whilst on this 'sub ject, I would express a dosiro to boo some rulo laid down with regard to tho difforont ap pointmonts in tho publio sorvico. Instoad of having thoso ,£10 a year increases, I would much profor to boo, attaohod to oaoh ofllco, a certain fixod salary by which moans tho sorvico of man worthy of tho wholo of tho salary voted, would bo soourod. Tho present idoa of giving an increase of £10 or JS1G a, yoar oanuot bo satisfactory to tho Govormnont. It is unsatisfactory to hon. mombers, and it must indood bo unsatisfac tory to tho clerks. I am oortain that Minis ters must bo bosot just boforo tho session begins with ropoatod and froquont applica tions ? for increases, and in ordor to Bmoofch matters ovor, I havo no doubt ' that thoy pro miso an iuoroaso of .£10 or ,£15, and so tho unfortunate applicant is satisfied for tho momont. Of courso wo cannot settle tho quostioilin a dobato of this kind, but I throw out tho suggostion to the Houso, as well as to tho MiuiBtry, and if hon. mombors agroo with mo, wo may Bucoocd in pass ing somo resolution whioh would havo tho offoct of establishing some rulo bringing this idea iuto operation, It will bo admit tod by lion, mombors, if thoy tako tho troublo to , oxamiuo oritically and closely tho Estimatos of tho publio sorvico, that tho junior olorks are moro than sufflol ontly paid in comparison with highor oflloorB. For instance, a lad just leaving school is fortunato onough somotimoa to get n salary of ,£100 a yoar. I uotico tho Hon. tho Promior shakes his head, but tho phrase 'just having school' may, after all, bo oxooptod with oortain qualifications j but wo find that boys got vory fair remuneration for tho BorvicoB thoy givo to tho Stato, whoroas men who havo boon in tho Sorvico 10 or 12 years, are, as compared with thoso boys, undorpaid. I hopo hon. mombors undorstand that I am not raising this question with any view of advorsoly oriticisiug thoso Estimates, but rathor to assist tho Govormnont in establish ing whatBhonld bo a propov basis of favor. Regarding tho proposod inoroasos, I wish to mako roforoneo to tho Medical Voto. A now departure in tho Medical Branch of tho publio sorvico was roeogniaod last sossiou by tho passing of tho Modical Aot, and I find that no alteration is proposod in tho Estimatos, and that thoro is nothing to indicate whothov the Medical Board, contemplated by tho Aot has boon appointod, or is at work already ; and wo cannot gathor whothor tho hospitals aro under difforont control to what thoy woro last year, I think I am right in Baying that ono of tho avgumonts in favor of tho Modioal Board was that the hospitals would bo takon out of departmental control, and plaood under tho oontrol of that Board, which was to bo appointod, in tho first instance by tho Government, and that under tho Act thoso who woro willing to subsoribo towards tho support of tho hospitals would havoavoiooin their nianagcmont. Possibly during tho progross of tho itoin through Com mittoo, tho Promior will bo ablo to givo hon* members sorao information on this vory important subjoot. Tho Polioo Dopartinont has necessary incroasos proposed to 'ft considorablo extent) but, not. so much as I would havo oxpooted, 1 should havo thought it was nooossary to appoint moro Inspectors and Sub-Inspeotors than ap poar to iiavo boon appointod. Tho distrlots aro increasing, tho' area to bo covorod by tho polico is far grcator than ovor it was, and thoir responsibilities aro correspondingly in croRsing. Iu ordor thoroforo that tho dutios of tho polioo should bo oflloiontly diacharged, I should havo thought moro of tho ofllcora I havo roforrcd to would havo boon appointod. If it is dotormlnod to inoroaso tho numbor, I hopo great care will bo takon in tho ohoioo of officors. I undorstand that under tho oxisting regulations Inspectors and Sub-Inspootors aro plaood on tho samo footing as commissioned ofHcors, I am glad to boo that tho Commis sioner of Polioo lms an inoroaso in his salary proposod, for I think that oflleor dooshis work woll. Wo know ho is a painstaking officer and hos had vory oonmdorablo oxporienoo in tho managoment of tho polico affairs of tho coun try, I think that if somo arrangomont oould bo mado whoroby dotootivo officers from this colony might spond somo timo in tho othor colouios, and that wo might import somo dotoetivoB from Molbourno and Adolaido and ongago them for a fow months horo, good results would ensue by tho consequent inter chango of vlows and opinions. Wo know that amongst tho vory dosirablo persons who aro coming to tho Colony, thoro is a fail- percent ago of tho undoairablo olass, inoluding tho spiolor— I think ho is known by that namo— tho advonturor, and tho gontloman who lives by his wits. Thoy dress in tho height of fashion, and aro not known (oithor to tho local polico or to tho pooploj but if tho suggostion that I mako is adopted, these gentry will become woll known to tho polioo directly through our own forco, or indirootly though tho Molbourno or Adolaido forcos. That, aftor all is a dopartmontnl matter j but I think it is quito within the pro vinco of hon. mombors to make auoli sugges tions, and I trust tho ono I havo mado on this question will bo oonsldorod. Prison disoipline was reforrod to by tho Attornoy-Gonoral last sosslon, whon tho hon, gontloman promiuod that tho quostion would bo looked into ,? as woll as tho .quostion of tho remission of sontonoos ; but1 1 do not find that any fresh rulos iiavo boon established. Indood I hoard tho othor day of a man whoso sontonuo of doath was commutod to ponal servitude for lifo, or for 20 yoars, wlto was, aftor a short period of sovou or eight yoars, sot at liborty. That is a fact, but for obvious reasons I shall uot mention tho names, A hardonod and bloodstained oriminal should bo kopt in prison aud not bo allowod to como out aftor sbrving only a fow years, and possibly repeat tho offonco whioh lod to his previous inoaroora* tion, This question of prison discipline and the remission of sontoncos is infinitely moro important, than hon. mombors are aware of, and it would astonish thorn if they know tho lonionoy whioh is oxtondod towards thoso men who are sontoneod to long tonne of ponal ser vitude I spoak with authority, bocauso I was not practising as Crown Prosooutor in tho Supromo Court for upwards of twolvo yoara without acquiring somo knowledgo of tho Bubjoot. Tho Attornoy-Gonoral recognised tho valuo of what' I said last session, whon ho promised that $oma.Uojc ^ would bo thorough]^ considered, and tho rulos amondod. I hopo tho lion, gontloman will bo ablo to assure us that ho has carried out his pro miso. Tho hopo was exprossod last ses sion that we had vory noarly Boon tho last of tho Rottnest Establishment Voto, and that tho nativos kopt thoro might bo kept at work in thoir own distriots, and I hopo tho timo is not far distant whon that prison will bo olosod, bo that the dolightfnl island might bo put to bettor uso. As a health rosort it oannot bo oxcollod in tho country, but bo long as it is kopt for a public prison, tho wishos of the majority of tho people toconvort it to a propor uso, oaunot bo carriod out, and I shall cortainly ask a fow questions on that hoad whon tho proposod voto is diBQUssod. With regard to the voto for oharltablo in stitutions, somo important statements will bo mado. I was told recently that in ono of tho Industrial Sohools,' eithor in or near Perth, tho boys and tho girls woro kopt togothor. I hoard that on fairly good authority, and on that subjoot tho Hon, tho Promior may oxpoot to bo asked a fow questions. I do not Bay that tho wholo mattor cannot bo oxplainod, but tho prineiplo of keeping tho boys and girls in those Institutions togothor, doos not soom to bo a good ono. Although it' is not my intontion to oritioiso tho dotails of thoso Estimatos, I roally cannot refrain from roforring to ono item, and that is undor the heading of Dofoncos, as follows i— ' Field Day ExpoiiBOB and Stato Ceremonials, .£2,856.' Now what in tho ntimo of goodnoss can this refer to P ? Tim Prbmieu (Hou, Sir J. Forrest) i Tho pay of tho voluntooi's for parados, Mr. LEAKE i How doos that como undor tho bonding of Stato CoromonialsP This is what may bo oallod tho thin ond of tho wodgo for tho ostablishmont of a paid foroo of Militia, The Piutoeu (Hon. Sir. J, Forrest) i It has boon votod ovory year. ? ' ? Mr, LEAKE i But last yoar it was only .£237 1 now it is proposod to spond £2,856. If wo aro going to burn gunpowdor and' hoist flags to tho extent of £2,850, wo should, indeed, havo somo imposing coroinonials, Stato and othorwiso. Tho Bureau of Agrloulturo ond tho Agricultural Bank oomo in for a fair sharo of patronage, and particularly tho Agricultural Bank, for which .£1,129 is askod, From tho returns furnishod regarding this institution, it will bo soon that it has cost Bovoral hundreds of pounds to koop it going, and as a xnattov of faot not £200 has been lon't yot. If it has cost us £570 to lend that amount, how much will £1,120 assist us P I am afraid this institution io not going to bo tho success which hon. mombors who assisted in tho passago of tho Bill anticipated it would bo. Tun PaBMiBR (Hon. Sir J. Forrest)) You will aoo by.and«byo. . , Mr, LEAKE i Of conrso, ,wo shall bo met with tho argumont that wo must givo tho institution a trial, but it is ourious that in nino or ton months tfo find it is not ovon suggostod that it in 'likoly to pay Its way. Any ono who wont into tho figures know it could not, and now wp find from tho returns of tho work the bank has done that it has not a ghost of aohanoo of paying its way, and that it must bo kopt up at oonsidovablo oxponso to tho country. The only remedy for this is to ropoal, tho Statute, and tho timo, I admit, has not yot arrlvod for taking suoh a courso. I am not prepared to say that noxt session would bo soon enough but tho prosont is soon enough to dlroot the atton tion of hon. mombors to tho methods of administration in oonnootion with tho Bank and so avoid hon. xnombora having tho excuse to offer, slfbuld tho ropoaling Bill bo intro ducing, that tho wholo question is so entirely, now to thorn that timo must bo givon them to oonsldor it. I ask hon. mombors to aooopt tho warning for what'it is worth, for that is tho prodiotion that tho Bank will in tho courso of tho noxt fow years bo provod to bo an absoluto and total failure Tho mothod of col looting foos in tho various departments is not as satisfactory as it might bo, and in ordor to avoid tho nocossity of so inuoh monoy being haudlod by olorks, tho Govormnont will do woll if thoy introduco a systom of stamps, This would apply particularly to Supromo Court foes. Tho foos for filing affidavits, for instance, aro at prosont oollootod by the olorks, and thoro is absolutely no chook at all. No Auditor-General will go through tho filo to find out how many affidavits havo boen filed during tho woolc, and thoro aro many doou xnonts whioh aro simply lodgod in tho office to bo soalod and takon away again. A foe is paid in cash for this, but thoro is nothing to show that it has boon paid. If thopraotltlonors had to purchaso stamps, thoro would bo an absoluto ohook on tho dorks, while tho same principle might apply to tho Post and Tolograph Dopartmont. It . is in foroo in the other colonios, and I soo no reason why it should not be adoptod hore. It is in forco in tho othor colony, and causes no inconvonionco to tho gonoral publio. The noxt branoh of the pubUo sorvico to whioh I .wish to rof or is that of tho Commissioner of Railways. I notioo that a vovy matorlal alteration is proposod to be mado, and I am rathor surprised that tho Hon. tho Promior did not think fit to rofor to it in his spoooh tho other ovoning. I refer ' to tho division of tho Dopartmonts of Railways aud Publio Works. It appoari from the Estimates that suoh a courso is contomplatod, and that it is intondod to plaoo thoso Dopartmonts under soparate control. At any rato, wo find thoro is an Undor-Soorotary for Railways at £C0O a yoar, aud an Undor-Socretary for Publio Works at £450 a yoar, Tho only inforonco I can draw is that it is intondod to separate Works and Railways. I think that is a move in the right direction, and will, perhaps, in the future bo tho moans of 'avoiding suoh collisions aa wo know havo ooourrod in tho past, It is dlffioult to Bay anything on tHa question until wo have hoard what tho Hon. tho Commissioner himBolf has to say upon tho subject, and I can asaaro him that hon. moinbers will bo porfootly prepared to oritioiao any statomont ho may mako upon tho administration of hisdopartmontgonerally. It would noithor bo fair nor generous to doal with tho mattor until tho Hon. tho Com mlaslonor haa had an opportunity* of saying somothing. I soo it 1b proposod to introduco a now officor, in tho porson of an arohitoot. I alwnys thought wo had ono. That ovidontly moans tho establishment of a no'v branoh in tho Works Department. Then wo como to Woe'-- «'»* BwQdingB, Hoa, resabaro will see ? ? .' ? :p ?**$, ivhat tho Governmont proposals aro in this Jirootion, with regard to oxpondituro out of rovomxo upon publio works. That is, how ivor, a quostion wo cannot vory woll deal with unloss wo go into dotail, I may jay this at ouoo. There are some distriots in tho colony that havo no ground whatovor for complaint. Fromautlo, Porth, and a fow M\nv plaoos got tho lion's share. Albany only gots£500 fora drill shod, for of courso tho quarantino station is of no local advantage iho buildings thoro aro in tho gonoral interest, and to proBorVo tho colony from contagion, Largo oxpondituro has boon promisod I boo, to York, Northam, Nowoastlo and Bovorloy. Thoy aro oaoh to havo a uow courthouse, Wo shall probably havo somo explanation on that point. Wo find too that Porth is to havo now Polico and Supremo Courts. Whilst on tiiis Bubjeot I would liko to suggest to tho Director of Publio Works, that tho new Polico Court, and tho Supromo Court might woll bo undor tho same roof, I, do not sco any uocossity for soparate buildings, aud if it is proposod to spend £2,000 in keeping up tho present Polico Court, I do not think tho money will bo well spent, ' Tho pieco of land upon whioh it now stands is far too valuable and might woll bo put to bettor usos, I hopo beforo tho Govern ment attempt uny moro improvements on that sito they will considor tho advisability of re moving tho Polico Court altogether. If thoro is to bo a now S«promo Court House, I venture to suggost tho old ono would nuit tho purposos of tho Police Court admirably, aud it haa tho advantago of being near tho lookup. I could dotaiu hon. mombors for a groat longth of timo if it wore thought dosirablo, to oritioiso thoso matters in dotail. I do not know whether tho nocossity has arisen, but it is ovidontly tho intontion of tho. Govormnont to oroot Agricultural Halls all ovor tho country. I notico that noarly ovory district in tho colony comes in for something liko £250 each What reclamation in Fromautlo and Porth is to bo, wo do not know, although £i),000 is proposod in each instance. Tho dovolop ment of tho goldfiolds and our othor miuoral rosourcos ia allotted £30,000. Wo shall want somo explanation, seeing £102,000 odd havo already boon 'Bpont on tho water supply. I Btipposo this £80,000 is not meant for walor supply. I don't think this would bo an inopportuno timo to ask, How muoh tho department has lost P Hon. mombers will remember that just boforo tho oloso of tho sossion last yoar wo wore told tho dopartmont had lost £50,000. , I Bhould liko to know, in view of. tho faot thoy, havo spent £102,000, how much tho dopartmont has lost, bocauso if they havo roally lost nothing it is a matter for congratulation. I notico roads and bridgos havo rocoived a considerable amount of attontion. Tork gots a good sharo in a now bi'klgo, now Court Houso, and now Post Office I should liko to know what York haa dono to dosorvo all this attontion, I soo it is proposod to roplaco that romarkablo pioco of onginoor ing, tho York suspension bridgo, by a more substantial structure In tho Dopartmont of tho Ministor for Minos thoro is Very naturally conoidorablo increaso, whioh oannot bo wondorod at. I am certain that whon hon. mombors oomo to doal with this dopartmont thoy will doal with it vory llborally, Wo must consider tho vory groat disadvantages under which tho ofllcora of this department havo to labor, particularly tho Wardens and thoir assistants, who labor on tho distant goldflolds, whoro thoro is very littlo civilizod lifo, and whore thoy aro away from everything that is oaloulatod to mako lifo oheorfiil. I thiuk wo should not bo too niggardly in Book ing to induce tho best men to aocopt those vory undoairablo billots. A now departure sooms to havo boon made in connection with the Education Dopartmoat. Thoro was a voto of £500 passed last year for teohnioal oducation among othor things. That does not appoar to havo boon Bpont. I boo tho Government now suggest that wo voto £1,000 for tho samo objoct. Upon that aubjoot I shall hoartily support tho Government, booauso I think toohuioal oduoation, if directed in tho proper ohanncl, cannot but do tho highest poesiblo good. To oduoato ohildron in somo mothod j to teach thorn things that will bo usoful in aftor lifo, is, and should bo, tho aim of ovory good Govormnont. Somo of us wore at a mooting last night in tho Town Hall, where wo heard of tho good work dono by a certain numbor of ladios in this town, who dovoto thoir timo to nursing tho side and wounded, I do not think— and I say this with al} sinoority, and with as muoh forco as I can command, that wo can do bottor than touch our ohildron tho prinoiploa of 'first aid to tho wounded,' that is, to treat ordinary ills, how to treat cuta and wounda and broken limbs. I consider that should bo a part of ovory person's oducation. No one who travols about oan fail to bo struok with tho vast amount of ignorance, whioh tho gonoral publio display with regard to assisting thoir follows in timos of sufforing. How many of us aro thoro in this Houso I wonder who could stop a blooding wound, or bind a brokon limb. I do not supposo thore aro moro than two, whioh shows that our oducation has boon sadly noglootod. This question of 'first aid to tho sick and woundod ' is ono that might well bo considered whon tho Ministor explains tho voto for toohnical oduoation. I hopo that somo hon. mombors who know more about this subjoot than I do will tako the mattor up, and urgo it upon the Government with as muoh forco as possible bocauso if we teach our ohildron to bo humano wo toaoh them to bo good men and womon, Tho Post and Tolograph Department is about tho last on tho list, and, of course, wo find tho expendi ture has increased onormously. Tho Post and Tolograph Dopartmont is likoly to como in for adverse oritioiam during tho dobato, and it is a pity that tho Minifltor who has oontrol of that dopartmont is not for tho timo being a mom bor of this House, in order th'at ho might hoar tho criticisms of hon. membors. I do not refer moroly to criticisms from this Bide of tho 'IIoubo, but from tho othor sido also, for there aro hon, mombora thoro who tako an oqual intorest with us in tho affairs of tho oountry, and* who aro not satisfiod with tho administration of tho Post and Tolograph Dopartmont, who would liko to boo some rof orm, I rofor particularly to what oooms to mo to bo the niggardly spirit of thoso who havo tho control of that dopartmont. I ref or to thoso unfortunato tolograph oporatora who apond from olght to twolvo, or porhaps moro, hours a day transmitting moat imporbaat messages all ovor tho colony, as woll aa outnido tho , eclooy . Ho w ill tllwy .oro ,'*id. I find. thoro aro no loss than ton who rocoivo only ; £110 a yoar, and Bix others rocoivo only £100 [i year. That is not tho way to got good work dono. If there is any dopartmont of tho public sorvice which ia undorpaid it is the Post and Tolograph Department, aud particu larly tho Tolograph Dopartmont. Tho oporatora aro tnon who havo had to epond four or flvo yoars qualifying thorn aolvos for thoir position, nnd then thoy find thoir sorvicos valued at from £100 to £190 a yoar. Tho chief oporator only gets £200 a year, yot thoso men are sup posed to havo somo knowludgo and sciontiflo okill, I do urgo tho Govormnont to bo more liberal in this direction, becauso these tele grnph oporators not only require to bo skilful, but thoy must bo trusted, not only by tho Govormnont, but by tho businoss people of tho country. If wo do not pay them well, per haps thoy will not - bo ablo ' to afford to bo honoot. Whon wo hoar of loakajjo in connec tion with tho Tolograph Dopartmont, it is a Bign that something ia wrong. I am not accusing tho Dopartmont of giving informa tion outsido, but. ono cannot shut ono's oars, and ono hoars that vain ablo infonmuiou has crept out of tho Tolograph Dopartmont. That ought not to bo, and tho euro for such ti thing is to have not only offlciont but trustworthy men in chargo. Tho Postal and Tolograph Dopartinont was novor expected to bo a directly remunomtivo Department, yot it BoeraB to mo that tho PoatmaBtor- Gonoral hits mado it his prido to mako tho returns aa noarly balanco as posBiblo. Wo do nob want that. Ho has novor boon told to mako his department pay, but ho has boon told to mako his depart mont officientj and so far as he mado it offlciont ho would not bo hindered by tho votes of hon. mombqra. I have .attempted to rofor to tho items that soomed to mo most import ant. I regret if I havo beon Bomowhat tedious, and if I havo tired lion, mombors, but it is just ttB woll, when considering the Estimatos goner ally, to intimate what our particular lino of oritioisin will bo. As I havo intimated, I.Bhall nob fail to ask Ministora for full and oxplicit information upon sovoral points in the Esti matos. Again I say tho Government havo followed a proper priueiplo in ondeavoring to advance our public works out of rovonuo. I hopo tho present Governmont, or whatever Governmont may bo in powor, will bo able to carry out the policy which aooms now to have beon inaugurated in oaruost. Mr. ILLING WORTH s I did not oxpoct to havo to spoak at tho presont moment. I fully oxpoctod some hon. member or other on tho Government sido would havo boon prepared to express his views upon this subjoot, I did not expect that two apeoohoa would havo to bo mado on this Bide of the Houso immodiatoly following oach othor. I presume that hon. mombovB on both Bides of tho Hoiiao.are fairly woll satisfibd with the financial condition of tho country. It , is , hard to cavil when you havo too muoh money in your pooket— at any rate to oavil about tho money part of it. In discussing tho Budgot Speech of any country, it is dosirablo that tho Houso should tako a fair viow, and givo somo sorious consideration to tho position the country is in, and tho ten dency of its drift. From this standpoint only I would nsk tho Houso to boar with me whiles I mako a fow remarks. ? First of all, I dosi'ro to congratulate tho Ministry, and this Houso, and tho couutVy, upon tho aucoess of tho year that has just'passed. It haa beon a year that haa oxceodod the most sanguine anticipations 6f tho hon. niembers of this Houso, ovon thoao of us who on this aide of tho House considered the Estimates under ostimatod last year, even we hardly expected to soo so groat a surplus as that to which attention has been called. Tho gonoral prosperity of tho colony ahows that wo are advancing to a position of whioh wo as tho pooplo of tho colony may woll bo proud. I am not surprisod that Ministors, placod as thoy are by tho circumstances of tho caso, as govornora of tho country, through its first groat inoroaao and prosperity, should fool somothing of pride, in tho. succoss that has attondod their efforts, and in tho success which tho oountry ' has achieved whilo thoy havo boon in power. Thore is, howevor, dangor arising out of this vory buccoss. A dangor of supposing that this kind of success will continuo, and continue at tho same ratio, whon all oxporionco tolls us it ia nocossary. to bo careful of this particulnr standpoint. Bocauso wo havo a surplus rovonuo, there is no reason why we Bhould be ox travagant. I havo to oongratulato tho Government, that thoy havo checkod what I suppose would bo to them, as to other inom bors, a tomptation to go into lavish oxpondi turo, in consequence of finding themselves with a largo surplus,' I think there has boon a wiso and judioious curbing of tho natural tondonoy arising out of tho oircumstancoB in whioh wo are. placed. I am pleased that tho Govern mont (and tho Treasurer particularly) seem to havo laid hold of the faot that it is desirable to discount tho future, and that thoy have bndoavorod to curb expenditure in that direc tion. Thoro was one remark tho Premier was ploased to muko in his speech, tho other even ing, which did me an injustice I do not beliovo ho had any intontion of doing me, or anyone olso, an injustice. [The- Premier.- Hoar, hoar.] Wo all know tho kind heart of tho Premier, and know ho would not do any ono an injustice if ho know it. - In that brilliant speooh to whioh wo listonod, ho said tho hon. mombor for Nannino had told him ' it was an oaay thing to OBtimato tho revenue of a country.' , Woll, that is not . quite whab I aaid. ? ? What I did say was this. That any man who had had a commercial training, and who was accustomed to deal with imports and exports could oasily calcu Jato tho prospoota of tho revenuo from the Custom House. That is quito a different ques tion. It is comparatively easy to ostiniato tho revonuo from Customs, but it would bo vory unwiso and foolish to say, that I, not, having tho facts or flguvos boforo mo, could easily ostimato tho rovonuo of a country. But any commercial man could have told tho hem. the Promior last yeaf, that ho had under esti mated tho rovonuo for Customs, by at least £100,000, and I , tell the Hon.. the Premier again, that ho has this yew nnitawjatimatcd tho roveuuoi from: Cuatooiaby^Lea«fcriSiIOQj|flJOa. Whether tiho, liitimutntr. xa. wmy di^irfnamA will abffisw tlia Bomo mcwm?ra- tlinti tJ'uay luvrca dono Mb- paBtryomi- Ldb. not: vonfluio to snjv,, but E dn-say- tiuatLtlhcE(3bAwrainoniinuve;iindbiv- estiiuatad tho rovonuot'lmt .will.anmo.fiom. Cnnboms for tho year 18DS«0 by at Ibnofc £100,000,. X ^wilted tho Goy#runiwit; tost, [ yeo^, that thoy had underrated tho revenue and I did so for a vory distinct reason. I looi upon tho under rating rta a distinct fault, whoa wo woro going in for a borrowing policy. I con tondod it was tho duty of tho Government, to make tho vory best of tho resources they expected in ordor that this Houso might judgo tho amount uocessaiy to bo borrowed or tho desirability to borrow at all. Wo find our solvos to-day in this position, wo havo a largo surplus of somothing liko £250,000, and yot wo havo powor to borrow a million and a half of monoy. Thoro has beon no nocessity for borrowing bo largo a Bum , If the Governmont had accoptod tho suggostion I mado last year, that during tho noxt four yoars thoy would havo an incroaa® of revenuo of about £120,000 a year, thoy would not havo needed to borrow tho £500,000 for unproductive works, which they asked this Houso to sanction. Now I would liko to say a word with regard to the revenue and tho expenditure of the future, and at tho samo time refer to tho cortain consequences of tho colony having » Biu'plus. Tho fact that wo havo a uurpiua, and tho knowlodgo of tho people of tho country that thoro is a surplus, means that great pressure will bo brought upon the Govorn mont in order to secure works horo and thore throughout tho colony, and it will be vory difficult to withstand this pressure so that tho Government will not spond more than it deal tea to spend or proposes to apond, On this point lot mo congratulate tho Promior and tho Government on tho moral courugo thoy havo shown on tho present occasion— lot mo congmtulato thorn for whilo boing last year at fault they havo this year shown a virtue. Laat yoar at fault because thoy wore going to borrow— this year, a virtue beeauso thoy aro going to apond. Many men may bo happy on tho occasion of going to borrow, but it roquiro3 moral co'u'rago not to bo drawn into too sanguine, a viow whon the ,monoy is to bo apent. I find upon going into figures that 'laat year tho Victorian TreuBuror had a rovenuo to doal with amounting to £6,573,306; and»hia esti mate only difl'orcd 'from tho actual amount recoivod by £30,000, or within ono half por cent, of tho wholo. The Wost Australian Treasurer, on the Dthor hand, only dealt with, in tho same year, £873,050, and the estimate of ' the revenue was out by £252,294* boiug at the rate of 80 per cent. Of course, it is a most fortunato thing that in tho case of this colony the ostimato was on tho uppor sido instoad of boing on the lower. I say in all seriousneou that the Treasurer of this colony, or for tho mattor of that, of any country, ought to bo ablo to estimato tho rovonuo of tho country noarer than 30 por cent,, aa waa tho caso here. I will Bay furthor, that until wo can] bo pro vidod with more accurate figures, with a moro accurate) ostiraato of tho probable receipts and disburaomonts of tho country, thiB House will not have tho information necessary to enable it to carry out tho business of tho country with that safety and caution the positions we occupy demand. I would also liko to notic anothor great* principle which'is involvod in this Budget. I do not refer to any question of dotail. As to thoudetails of tho Speech the hon. member who preceded me has gono most fully into details. For myself I do not intend to go into dotaiU' or wedry the Houan at this stage. Dotails will como in for eriticisim at a later stage boforo tho Committee, Tho prin ciple I do dosiro to Bay ouo word about just now is that of taxation as wp have it. in this country, I notico that in Western A ustralto in tho year 1894-95 thore waa actually re ceived through tho Custom House of tin's colony, tho sum of £513,508. I should rather say that tho Treasurer rocoived that amount by means of direct taxation, There worn in this country at the poriod dealt with in thoso figiu-OB, a population of loss than 00,000, and you will seo that this means thoro was contributed in . direct taxation the largo amount of £5 10s, per hoad of tho population. Now to-day, tho Victorian- re- venue through the Customs amounts to £1,809,150 and that ia only £1 10a. por head of tho population of that Colony. I ask tho careful attention of tho .House to the position disclosed by thoso figures, and to the very largo (lifforouco thoro is in tho amount of taxa tion, The colony of Victoria receives £1 16s. por head ol! population by direct taxation, and thia colony rocoivos £5 10s. per hoad [An Hon. Mkjider: 'A good job too.'] Ift howovor, wo take tho last quaitor of tho year then wo find that the Governmont was recoiving through the Customs tho sum of £6 10s, por head. It is quite possiblo that at the present timo wo are able to afford suoh a. taxation. I think wo are ablo to afford it, but there aro vory gravo considerations raised from the pro bable effects of thia heavy tax. Without doubt it is a heavy call on tho people of this country, and what I desire to impress on tho Government and tho Houso ifl that'tho monoy raised in this way, the surplus provided by direct taxation, should only bo spent in one way and this io by carrying on works that win bo stopped at a moment's notioe if over tho necessity for doing so arises. Thoro should be no pormanont increnso in tho expenditure of tho country only bocauso thoro happens to bo a surplus, Thoro may boa vory bright timo before us. For my own part, I think it is going to be vory bright, but whilo thoro will be bright days, nono of ub can be sanguino onough to suppose thore aro not going to bo any dark days. Tho wisdom of this Houso theroforo will best bo ahown by thoro boing nc unnecessary increaso in tho permanent ox- ponditure, and that whatovor works aro un- dortaken will be thoso which can bo stopped a! onco, I do not feel disposed to cavil at Borai of tho increases .that are proposed, buO Bpeak generally, and in that 1 must repeat thia year, what I fdt it nocossary to aay laat year, that tho Government must be careful in tho expenditure over tho Civil Sorvice, I do not ask that men should bo undorpaid— quits tho contrary. I say that the men in tho Bervico of tho colony ought to bo well pairfi anM I beliovo the oxperionco, not only of myself, but of ovory membor who has had to do with the employment of large numbers of men is, that for good work you require good men and that good raon doflorvoto bo well paid. It is hotter to havo a fow good men woll paid than a lot of poor men poorly paid, I say let tho salaries bo such that tno best man in the land can aspiro to ocoupy any position in tho sorvico, and if. wo want good work lot us pay good mou to do it. ,Whilo it will bo an easy matter to increase the por raanent oxpnndifcuro of tho oountry in ?this dii'fiotioj), I would liko hon. rasmbers to 1 boar in mind that wo may not always bo ablo to got tho pooplo of tho country to agroo to such a ho.wy burdeu of taxation as -Co 10a. por head, and thon wo would iind it diflloult, if not impossiblo, to pvoporly reduce tho Civil Sorvico, which would havo booorno a por manont oxpondituro. For this rooaon, I win congratulate tho Government on tho fact that thoy propoao to spond whntovor money thoy « on publio works of an unproduetlvo character. This in tho timo to do such work ftfl tho building of a Conrt ITowao. It is our own money, and, whon flnishod, tho building ' is thoro. If, on tho othor hand, wo pvocood to do «uoh works with borrowod nionoy, wo will probably plnco nuoh a burden on posterity na it may bo unablo to boar, Tho Govern ment la acting most wiaoly in tho dia pooition of its rovonuo. Without donbt thoro ia ataplo room to spond raonoy, not only for comforts, but In providing nooossavioa in con noction with, our. publlo buildings and thoso will bo unproductive ao that thoy avo such works as fllionid bo dono out of rovenuo and ttot out of loan monoy. I may state horo that in my opinion, and in tho opinion of many ©thor people, tho timo hns arrived, and tho hon. member for Albany hintod at this in his Bpoooh, whon tho Dopnrtmonta of Public Works and Hallways should bo separated. Tho Railway Dopartmout is sufficient : if pro porly attondodto, for tho wholo onorgios of one man, and tho Public Works Departmqut quito sufficient for tho powors of anothor. Tho Ctovornmont aotod wisoly in its recon itructlng'of tho administration of Dopart aiottta whon it loft room for a sop*arato Minister for Minos, Post Ofllco and Education, but tho Dopartmonts of Bail ways and Publio Works havo too mnob spondiug powof to bo in thn hands of any shiglo Minister or for him to attempt their management, and with a-ll tho roapoct and ostoom I havo for tho hon. gontloinoti who fills tho position now, I say tho country in loading him too hoavily wkon they ask him tomanag'O theao too groat sponding depart* raonlis. Thoroforo I say tho timo has, arrived whon tho Govornmont should olthor appoint nnothor Minister, or olso at any rato roliovo ilio Minister of llftUwriys of ono or other of liis dopartmontB. Thoro ib ono rogTot I havo with regard to tho Bndgot— rogrct and dis uppointinont booauao I fail to find thn.t out «f tho largo aum Of money to bo doUlt with tho Trotumrot1 dooa riot propose to niakd any pro posal with regard to tho 41 por oont. Troasury Bills. I find thoro is £185,088 owing under this heading and I rcgrot.no proposal is mado for taking thoso up. ? - ' ? Tun PnuMiBn'(Hon. Sir J, Forrost)i Thoy , havo boon taken up, all but a small portion. Mb. ILLINGWOUTH i I am quoting from tho figures supplied to tno a few days ngo by tho Treasurer himself. Whon ,wns thin paid. . Tns Pbkmiisb (Hou, Sir J. Forrest) i Oh, long ngo. Mn. ILLINGWOltTH : Thon what havo ttieao other figures boon supplied for. It is very peculiar. ? ; Tun PiiBMiriB (Hon.' Sir J.' Forrest) i If you look at tho statement you will find that tho total amount now owing tin account of tho 'i& ?percent. 'Treasury BJIls is only .£14;436. '?????: Mr-ILLINGWORTII! The figures I havo ? before mo give tho amount as .£185,000, but if, 1 tho Troaaur'or says thoso aro wrong I am vory glad it is so. I would havo said wo worodolng d wrong tllinj; lo spond monoy on reproductive works, when wo could pny oil othor monies borrowed at such a high rate of interest. It would havo boon vory wrong not to pny oft thoad Treasury Dills, Tub Pbumiku (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) s 01' ooiirao, but wo havo paid thorn. Mb. ILLING: WORTH i I am vory glad of it. Now, I want to say a word or two on u matter ' that presses vory hoavily on tho Premier and ' ovory man in this country, and that is with rogard to tho falling away of on.' exports. I want hon. members to recognise particularly tho oaitsd of this falling away, and thoy will bo ablb to tract) it to its source That source is tho borrowing polioy— our loan policy. I say tho falling away of exports is the oHoot s6lely of our loau policy. If you tako tho ' trouble to tiotioo tho figures dealing with the Ia3t four yoars you will find that tho exports of tho oolony havo fallen away to tho extent -f £2,021,621, and that during tho same timo Iho publio debt has inoroasod by throe Millions* Tnfl Phhmier (Hon. Sir J. Forroat). Did you Bay tho oxporta had fallen away to that ©xtonl P : Mb. IDLING WOKTHi I should have said '.ttio difforonco between tho imports nnd tho 1 Mports had inoroasod by that amount.1 Of oourao tho, real basis of ovcry nation and of ovory man's position is in being ablo to pay out as much as ho takes in. If wo oannot 1 oxportns much as we import wo aro going .back somowhovo. Mr, Bandhmi! Not noccssarily. Jin. ILLINGWORTII: This quostlon was ! uottlod long ago in tho timo of Noah and it ia riot'nooossary to discuso it now. In tJio ontjo of a oountry borrowing in order to enrry on unproductive works it is ronlly pawning tho futuro. I havo snid thoro ia a difl'crenoo during four years botwoon tho imports and iho exports of 42,021,621, and in anying this ? J quote from tho report of tho Commissioner of Customs. Tho publio debt stands at JC3,417,33O, but by deducting tho sinking fund avo havo a not indebtedness of .£3,278,808. During last year thoro was imported into tho colony 4239,000 worth of gold coin, 4144,203 in railwny material and rails, 415,750 on a ' dredgo,or nltogothor 4400,033 on what is prac . tically Qovornmout importations, So far as tho ' gold coin is concornod that is roally brought horo through our loau polioy. Tho ofi'eot of All loan polieios is that tho weight always falls upon tho woakost productions.' In ovo'ry ? cmo whoro thoro is a loan policy tho weight of tho loan polioy will fall upon your weakest producer, and at tho present timo tho weakest producing element wo havo ia ol1 the pnatoml interest or industry, which in most backward &f; any producing industry and it consequently ? (fools tho offoots of the lomi ]-olicy most of all, Tho weakness of thin induatry wns emphaaisod i by the lion, tho Premier in bin lulinirnblo Budget Spoeeh but if trouble is taken to trace tho trouble to its boui'co it will be found to bo in this direction, A loan policy falling upon tho weakest prown In tho sucrctb of tho wholo matter so fnriwUio position 'of tho pastoral ? interest ia comiornnd.. Thorn ia ono more matter I would liko -o ijjkuIc about and it is , . i-hnps natural that I ulioul 1 do ho. I want; j ?' word with regard to mining industry \ ? and to aalc tho Ministry to step continually tolling us tlmfc mining is a burdon on this country. I am roally tirod of tho statoraoUt. Mu. A. Fokhrst i Tho Govornmont has novor said such a thing. Mb. IW/INGWORTIIi Thoy havo said it ugain and again, Mr, A. FomiKSTi Oh no, thoy havo said nothing of tho sort. Mn. ILLINGWORTII i You will find it in llaiuard. Tho papors aro full of it. The Puitauun (Hon. Sir J. Forrost)i Pro duco it. Wo havo always doolarod quito to the contrary, , Mr. ILLINGWOETH: Now instoad of mining boing a burdon on tho community, what do wo find P Tho diroot oxpendlturo on mining hist yoar was 4102,280. For four yoars which practically ombraces tho wholo lifo of tho industry in this oolony tho amount oxpondod only roaohos 42H055. Now wliat ia shown on tho othor side P I/ist yoar tho roeoipts at tho Customs woro equivalent to 45 10a. por hoad of tho population, and I am rathor imdor than ovor tho roal position wfton I Buy thoro aro on tho goldflolds of tho oolony ovor 2S.000 people, That is, thoro aro 25,000 pooplo paying through tho, Custom Houso 45 10s, por imnum oaoh, or a total of 4J.37.C00, In rogard to tho minors' rights wo havo tho figures of what was aotnalljr paid, and it amounts to 47,600. Tho rontu for loasos must bo over 420,000 a yoar, so that for what wo pay to devolop tho mining industry oach yoar wo roeoivo 4105,000 back in tho way. of direot taxation against 4102,280 which wo sporid. Tun Prxmiicr (Hon. Sir J. Forroat) i That is not tho wholo of what wo spend. Mr, ILLINGWOETH i Tho wholo on min ing. I urn speaking of tho direot oxpendituro, and for that quote tho Proinior, and of diroot taxation in which I quote tho flgwos of tho proper officers. . Tun PnsKinn (Hon. Sir J. Forroat) i But it ia not tho wholo of oxpondikuro on tho gold floldi. «. ibLlNQWORTH i Tho Proinior is vory good at boiug oxact whon it flutto him^nnd' equally good at splitting hahvj.whon ho doslroa to do so, Tho ostimatod oxpondiburo for tho coming your lfl 43S,C30. Tkb Fbhuihr (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) s But that is only for ono Dopartmont. Mr. ILLINGWOETH, Thou bosldo all I liavo stnted, how much comes into tho Stamp Dopartmont from thoflolds? lam happy to seo that tho Postal Department shows a largo ineroiiso in its incomo during tho yoar. Whoro does it come from P Hon. mombors know it comes from tho goldflolds. Thbro is a largo iuoronso in tho Telegraph Dopurtmorit, nnd tho lion, the Dlrootor of Publio Workn tolls us, with a smiling face, that the railways arc i-iy;D|j. If it was not k,- tho Yilgnrn rail wny, the railways would nob bo, paying, con soquoutly in tho1 general work of this country, the mines aro not a loss, and in spocial oxpondlturo more than pay for themoolvea. I havo no dosiro what ever to ntik for tho raining', clip'victa moro than thoy aro outitlod to, hut I do ask- that thoy rocoivo a fair proportion, and this I know, tho Houso ami, tho proflont Ministry nr ? fully prepared to do tho mining industry ovory justice. ThorciV ro, it will bo soon that I am not at all disposed tooi.vril at tl-o expenditure on tho mining industry. Then is ono foaturo of tho EatimatoB. In nar. tioulur, to bo lamontcd, and tlmt is in tho provision of what I might term ' spoils for tho victors.' Tho hon. mombors who havo most earnestly supported tho Government havo shared woll in tho distribution oi1 favors under thoBudg.t. Mr/ A. 'Forrest: And What about Nnnnino P Tax Prmiibr (Hon. Sir ,T. Forrest) i And what about Geraldton P Mr. ILLINGWORTi: , I do not know about either, oxcoptlng that whonovor I havo placed any roquost of a fair nature beforo any mombor ot tho Ministry it has boon aocodod to. What ovor has boon roitsonablo, has boon granted. I am qi/'opr,-rod to say that if tho expert.' onoo'of bhopustintho matter of oxpondituro in my own district is a guide to what my ox poi'lonoo of tho future will bo, thou I am very woll satisfied. Thoro is a tendency to cavil atsomoof tho itoms in tho Estimates, but I do not rogard thoprosout as tho timo for entering into dotaila. 1 will not now spoak of items which aro to bo spocially complained about. Thoro aro many of thcao but thoy ton bo doalt with in Connnittoo. I atn now only speak ing in a gouoml sonso. To sum it up tho Govornmont found thafflho buccods tho country had was far moro than tho buoooss anticipated and tho Govornmont finds itsolf with a lnrgo surplus. Thoy aro ootlng wisoly in tho way thoy aro proceeding to dispoao of it, and I hopo that noxt yoar moy wiu oo aolo to toll tho Houbo and tho country, not only that thoy havo a large eur plus, but that thoy propoao to oxpond tho greater portion of it in the stuno way. It in the moro urgont that tho Govornmont should, adopt this attltudo booauso it ia tho first Ministry uudor Eosponalblo Govornment, and what i t does will form a precedent for others It is thoroforothe interest of all that tho Ministry should bo Supported iri following propor guldo linos, nhel in seolng that tho unproductive works aro paid for out, of the rovonuo. It will bo by following such a wiso oourao as this that this colony will bo ablo to oscapo tho terrible cutastrophios that havo fallou on somo of our sister colonies. I am glad to bo ablo to con gratulate tho Govornmont upon tho wisdom thoy are displaying in this matter, and upon tho fact that what they aro doing is to lay tho firm foundations of a wiso administration which uiuat loud to a groat and glorious future, Tho Chairman loft tho chair at 0.80 p.m. At 7'3O tho Chairman rosumod tho chair' Tills COMMISSION!!]!! OF CROWN LANDS (Hon., A. R, ttiohardson) i Thoro aro ono or two points which havo arisen in this dobato, I would liko to nrnko a fo\y remarks upon! Kogarding tho Btatomont of tho lion, member for Nnnnino, that the rato of taxation por hoad of tho popiilntion of this Colony was muoh hifjhor than that of Victoria, boiug 45 io3l or 4(1 10.1. to 4.1 16a, per hoad, and that that showed that tho pooplo woro heavily taxed, I would point, out that tho faot that tho pooplo aro pay ing.so muoh taxation through tho Cub toins Houso is an indication of thol% purohas injj power or iho wealth of tho community, luxmuso it cannot bo gahmiiid that boforo poopto import largoly.thoy aro in tho position to imrehiwo. So tho faot thut tho pooplo of thin Colony are iiniwrUnjr to tho extent of M 10s. per head of duty, shows that on tho avorago thoy aro wealthy, or thoy would not bo ablo to pay suoh a largo duty. Tn ordor to illustrate this argumont, I tmnll supposo that in comparing ono month with anothor it is fonnd that tho amount of taxation had fallen off by ono half and that inotead of 45 10s. por hoad of duty bolng paid only 43 is paid. That would not givo cause for congratulation, but rathor would bodoplorod, bocausoit would indicate that tho purchasing powor of tho pooplo had been roduood by ono half. An othor point and an important ono and ono which aooounts to a groat extent for tho largo porcontago of oxpprts is that ft vory largo proportion of our produoto, ia gold, which must bo rognrded a? 'urgb factor in swolling tho imports b .uao unlike othor produota it always ..j turns in tho , shapo of imports. Whorovor thoro is a community ongagod in ? tho production of gold, that community shown a largo amount of Customs dutios. In all othor industries, farming or manufacture for instance, a largo proportion of tho products aro oxolmngod for others, s) that a vory small portion of tho national wealth of that community uppoar'a olthnr aa imports or exports. Tho rate of , a Nations' taxation cannot bo judgod by its impovto. .If it can bo shown, howovor, that tho dutios aro very high, thon.it may bo inferred that tho community is hoavily taxod. It is rocognisod to a groat extent now in tho othor oolonios that tho imposition of 20 por oont. taxoa has had tho offeot of decreasing instoad of inwousing tho rovbnuo, and that tho higher rate of dutios ro«n'ot and looson tho importB nnd tho rovonuo. That has boon tho sad oxporionoo of Victoria, Instoad of congratulating tliomnolvoa that tho amount of taxation por hoad is only 41 16a,, tho oulightonod men cf tllat oolony doploro tho faub and pciut to it us an inddxtotho bfluso of tho bad state of trado, and say it is a proof of tho nilsttikon fiscal polioy adopted in rocout yoai's of' imposing ltfgh taxation. Thorofore wo in this colony should ra'thor congratulate onroolves that tho amount or taxation , per hoad in dufcloS is 4R 10a. or M xOa. Whon wo roflooti, Sir, that notwItliHtandlllg all that has boon said about dutios, and advalorom dutioa, tho bulk 'of tho dutioH prevailing in this colony are ab tho rato 'of 5 and 10 por con', and that a, minor number of articles nro on the J.C and 20 por cent,, fiohod,ulo, wo can roaliso that wo aro nob over taxed. I also wish to rofor to bho quoation of pnylng railways, and tho dlroumstanoos that justify tho Govornmont in oxtonding tho rail way facilities, Tam not going todoalwith tho quostlon aa to1 whether tho agricultural railways pny or not ( but I wish to poiut out this foaturo of tho question, that wo should not rogard a railway ns a suoooss booauso it produces a rovonuo, but that tho advantiigo gainod by tho community through its con struction, is whoro its ohiof flonrco of profit to tho country 'ia. to bo found. Taking for Inatnnoo, it railway oarrying 10,000 tons of goods por annum to a distant district, at '45 a ton, tho coat of oartfrtff to ? which district formorly was 420 a ten, it will bo soon thai a distinct and unmistakable gain of 4150,000 por annum is mado j and if 200 paasongors aro taken to So'uthorn Cross por wook, 'tho saving iri tho difforonco of oarri^go— oity 45 piv hoad— moans anothor 4100,000. Thus altogotnor, ft uaviug of '4250,000 por annum is mado, which boinir oanital iflod at tho rato of 6 por oont, glvos a oapital valuo of 45,000,000. That is not nn absurd way nt looking at tho matter. Tho actual flguros aro thoro to support tho argument, booauso tho oommunlty whoformor-' ly had to pay 420 por ton for freight, only havo to pay 45. Mn. Mohan i That appllod to tho farmor. The COMMISSIONKEOF CROWN LANDS (Hon. A, E, Richardflon) i YoS, and with groator forcb to tho goldQolds. I do not moan to say that tho railways aro paying an absolute porcontago, but I think that if justification for thoir oxtonslon woro wanted, it oould bo found in tho saving of tho coat o freight. Them thoro aro po8nibilitioo of dovoloplng tho oouutry whon th6 froightij ail) roducod., Espooially in this is tho oaso in an agricultural community, for by tho roduotibn of tho chargo from 45 to 4l por ton, Bottlo mont would bo ouoouragod. I wiah also to mako ono allusion to tho fow flguros givon by thoPromior, wjth roforonco to land sottlomont. Ho said thoro woro now 486,000 acres or about that number, undor conditional purolmao, whilo in 1803 thoro woro -M30,000, and that in round figures thia Bhowod an iucroaso of 77,000 acres of frouh land takon up. Thoso figuros do not otato tho position naouratoly, boouuoo tho uuinbor of conditional purchases rodoomod during thut timo, havo to bo oonsiderod. Those amounted to 20,000 aovoa, bo that tho aotual inorenso whs 103,000 acres. In a Bmiill community liko this, I think that is vory sound ovidonoo of sottlomont, notwithstanding tho doalro to search for gold in preforonco to tho more tedious work of Bottling tho land. Hon. mombors havo oxprooB od rogrot at tho slow rato at which agricultural production is proceeding. No doubt it would bo bottor if tho area iuh'.ot . cultivation wore largor, butthoratloianotsofiniiillas is sup poood. The amount of land undor cultivation at tho end of 1894 was 103,107 aoroa. Tho population at about that time, not taking tho maximum rato, wnB about 80,000 pooplo, thus showing that thoro wns 2J aoros undor cultiva tion por head ol1 population. It will bo intorou ting to observe that, whilo tho population has boon increasing at nn abnormal rato— ao much bo that wo could hardly expoob tho oultlvablon, of tho Boil to koep paco with it— that in 1881)' with a population of 40,000, tho land undor cultivation was 88,000 aoroa, or two and ono-aovohth aoros per hoad. So that notwithstanding tho rapid inoroaao of tho population, tho cultivation of tho Boil has proproflsod oven moro rapidly, I hikui concumu ay congratulating tho Promior in having had such a flouriohinjj Btatomonb to make, and by joining in tho wish that this or any othor Government may uovor bo tempted to bo oxbravnganb that follow a polioy of 'was to ful and reokloas o.\pondituro bocanso of a largo rovonuo. I hopo thia or any sucooodlng Govorn mont will always boar in mind, aa tho hon,. mombor for Nannino has pointed out, that whilo thoro is a lnrgo inuroaso of rovonuo wo should devote it to pormiinontly good works and not spond it in what I call, brlokn and mor tur. Kver einco I havo Bat in Parliament I havo always opposod, and always shall opposo, tho expenditure of monoy on unproductive works. I Iiobo wo shall uevov ''jllow miolt a .pornioionn ftnd suicidal policy, but ohall always try to do good with our surplus oo |,hab whoa hiird times como, wo can congr;ituhito onroelvos on tho pouseoaion of that which we cannot gob at Biu'h a time, Mn. PIESSKi I riao to congratulate the Premier nnd tho Govornmout, and ivloo tho colony gonorally, upon the vory a'atiafnotory state of affairs disolotiod in tho Budget Speech, whioh ahowa.that wo have advanced considor ably towards permanent prosperity. Tho hon, morabor for Albany h.aa roforrod to tho Agricultural Bank, which tho Premior alludo'l to us an institution whioh will provo of groat advantago to tho farming, industry. I wish to ondoroo that opinion, .in opite of tho state mont that tho Bank had iuourrod ox pnnsos, reprosouting a largor amount than it has actually lent, Tho Bank is o?ily jiiBfc oommoncing its opnratloni), and tho oxpondi turo incurred is not to bo wondorod at in view of tho procooduro whioh has. to bo followod by applicants for loans, who aro mueli delayed in consequonco of tho forma to, bo .followed. I think that after tho Bank has had iv trial for it yoar or two a more satisfactory account will bo glvon of it, than thoao who oppose it, anticipate, Up to tho proaont tho amounts lont to farmers in ,my own district, and in othor distrioto, havo been advanced on suf o security, and tho advantages of ttho loans will bo shown by inoroasod production. Tho hon. mombor for Gomldton,' whon ho opposed the establishment of this inutitutlon— although ho professos to bo a friend of tho farmor— soomod to bo undor tho impression that as soon as it Bturtod work, hundroda or oven thousands of farmors would try to get all the monoy avail able. Mn, Simpson i Thoy triod it and tho Mauagor stopped thoiu. . Mi'i. Pia23SE i Tho Promior has told us that, ho was rathor aoioniahod to find that tho poo plo woro slovfto toUiu ndvaatago of tho fuoil* ifcioa olforod by tho Banlcj tuid tho rcrnaon 1b that tho farmors are cautious and &\-- not iutond to tlo a milltono rottnd, tfioiv nooks by borrow, lug luonoy. I am n.s coniMont of the future of . thia Bank, aa I tun thut tho man to whom this' monoy la lont, undor tho diyootlou of the innmigorwho ia 'a practical man, will bonoflt thereby, and furthor, I am cortaiu that tho loaa to tho counh'y will bo comparatively nil, With regard to tho land sottlouiont roforrod to by tho Premier, it is, Battefaotory to note that it is proooodiug npuco. Undor a cystom of Agricultural area, 135,000 acres of land 'has boon taken up during tho lust throo yoars. Tlila, calo'ulated with the amount already alionatod and tho improvomonta whioh havo to bo raado, monna that a largo arotv haaboon brought undor cultivation, I think tho Pro mior will soon havo no nood to urovido for tho importation of ohuff/.for by roaaon .of tho sea son wo aro no'w oxpj.ijnoiug, a laygoaroa Ima boon placed undor crop and thoro will bo no noceSBlby bo import cha.T noxb yoar.' Wo havo paaaod through BoaaonB of doprosoion which aro .unparallod In tho history of- tho colony, and last Bi-;i3o:i was thn worst, but' willi tholmp-otusglvU to tho' industry by tho natabliahmoiib of mili.-ny comniuuioation to agricultural dlutriuts and with tho oplondid Boaaon now boing. oxporioiicod, tho proapoots aro that in a short timo bho supply will ovor take tho doiiwud. -Thohon, niombor for' Nan- nino roforrod to n falling oil! in tho export^1 .m.d iri conniotion with thia I would liko to draw attention to otj:o item', that of sandoiwood, whioh ha,i sufforod Ihr^ig'u a deproointion of valuoa. Tho quunmy of t.ilo ni1 iolo exported laatyoar was valued at 428,4jU. In ' 1889, 457,'MJ5 worth wao oxportod, while a 'few years boforo tho amount wflfl 491,000. Tho volumo of ox port wftn noi muoh Ioi33,: but tho ftppa-ront fall, ing off in tho oxport of th6 artioloia accounted for by tho doprooiatioii value, for ldst yoar it was Valued a-i 40 por ton as ngamsb.410 per ton in 1898, Tills doprooiatioh is cauaod through tho loBBinoronaugoand tho dopi'oolatlon of tho valuo of sllVbi1 in counti'ios whoro Baridalwood is o'xohiuigod for Bll vor. This has brought! about ft falling off of 400,000 in fivo yours, Wool has also dt'/robiatod in valuo. I am glad to find that tho Preniior intends to deal llborally with ohui'chofl in rogfii'd te tho ? abolition of tho lijooloalastioal grant. I take OKooption to tho fltatotnont of tho hon. ' mombor for Nannino that tho mining industry is mo'ro important than agrloulturo, although it has boon tho prinoipal oau3o of tho oolony's prosperity j but i't must bo romomborod that agrioulturo is of a raoro lasting adviiutago to tho country than mining is, and 1 do not think tho hon. mombor uhouUl tako all tho orodit to hin coiiutituonoy for tho progress of |the colony. Tlio agricul tural industry wo have always with ua, but it has boon prorod olsowhoro that mining is not a ponnanont induatry. Miti IwjInowoht.-! i Whoro would you got your markot j wero it not for the minors; Mn. PIESS13 1 Wo ciin always find a mai-kot. I oortaliily think that tho praotioo roaortod to by mining mombofs of disparaging ono par tioulor industry to bonofit auobhor ehould bo deprooated. Mn. Mohan i I novor did so. Mn. PIESSEi With rogwd to the rofor onco mado by tho hon. mombor for Albany to tho nooonaity for appointing moro Inspuotors1 and Sub-Tnspootors in the Poliea D'oroo, I think that if any appoiutmonlis aro made, tho positions should bo givon to mon who havo been in tho foroo for eoino yours, and who thor oughly understand tho working of tho do partmont, in proforonco to conferring tho ap pointments upon outsiders. Tho mou alroady on tho forco doflorvo Bonio oncouragotnont to do thoir duty, and I know of. instances whoro desorving cobos for promotion had boon ovor loolcocL Tho Education Dopartmout soonia to bo roaehing largo proportions, and gonoral gratification mnat bo folt at .tho provisions which havo boon mado for tho odnoation of ohildron. Tho lion, mombor roforrod to tho nood of toohnioal training in tho schools, Somo provision haa boon mado in tho Eatiin ates for tho toaohing of ohildron in thin roa poot aud no doubt it will bo found to work to advantage. I am ploaaod to notloo that tho Undor-Soorotary of Education hus ail inoroauo in his salary pvopoaod, boonuao ho has boon undorpald lor a Jong timo. Tho Poat and Tolograph Dopartmont is also growing, and it in rogrottablo that tho tolograph oporators and others do nob roooivo largor fialaries, oa poolally thoso at Portli and othor oontros, whoro tho work is vory hoayy. At Nannino for instance tho ofilccr in charge roooiyo«i 4140 a yoar i and in places , far romovod from tho oontros of population, tho officers should ro. colvO' fair romunorntion for thoir Borvlcoa. Romo mon, wl^loh licwr }-««'?', ijj tho oor vico for 25 yoaro, aro only in receipt of 4180 to 4200 a year and that in no on ftounigomont to thorn to do thoir duty thoroughly, Tho Bureau of Agriculture was montionod by an hen. momber, aud tliat la an iiifltftutiou in which I tako roimo intorost. Not boing a mombor of that body now, I cannot spoak with loss diJlldonco rogarding it, and I imiBfc Bay that I fool that tho Buroau has dono oxcollont work in assinting agriculturo gonor ully and also in disseminating knowlodgo and holping tho pooplo in ovory way. A book has boon prosofttod to hon, mombors dealing with Horticulture and Viticulture, which waa pre pared by ono of tho officers of tho Buroau. It is a credit to tho Department and will bo ap preciated by all pooplo who aro interested in ?iho mn'ttors itdouls with. I think wo can woll niford tho proposed incroasoin tho n.llow anco to tho Bureau, and if thoy continue iu tho good work thoy havo undertiikou— which is carried on without foe or reward— thoy danorvo ,tho thanks of hon. mombers and of tho colony gonorally. I do not think thoro ia anything olso I nood alludo to. Spoakiug from nn agriculturist's point of viow1, 1 hopo hon, members will not lose sight of tho im portanoo of that groat industry, and will afford at all tlmos tho help which thowo dosorv ing Bettlora noed, for I think wo havo ton or twenty timoaas muoh lnnd availablo for culti vation, aa io undor cultivation at prosont, and tho timo. will oomo whon wo ahall bo ablo to oupply all tiho wants of Wostorn Australiii. MifcTHROSSELLi Tho hon. mombor for Katuuning mado somo allusion to acrioulturo and I fool that I should not allow this occaa ion to paan without nayiug somothing about it. Iamixwaroof. tho very great atfvanco that has boon mado in agriculture, and I do not wish to weary hon. mombors by going into dotaila. Wo are not d-«ng nearly as much as wo should in tho development of tho land. I havo vonturod moro than onco iii this Houso nnd oloowhoro, to draw tho' att'ont'ion ®f tho Government to tho absolute nocosBity of ad vea-tisLng tho land as any private individual would his owivbuMlnoua, Pooplo aro coming horo absolutely Ignorant of tho «apabllitlo» of tho noil in thia colony, and I rogrot to loarn ' tlmt tho -Agont-Gonoral oomplnlnu thftt he has nob boon supplied with information on that subject. It is a very groat roproaoh upon ub ospoolallyafc tho prosont timo and I hopo tho Government will tako auch utopa as will pro vont) tho Agout-Gbnerul from speaking on tho subject in that strain again. With rogard to agrioulturo Vtsolf, I fool vory strongly on this point,that whilo ovory procautionio boing tnlcoh toaurvoytho land for sottlomeut, no steps lmvo boon takon to oottlo a dosirablo class of pooplo around tho busy contros of population. I alludo to thp, working men's blocks system that* obtains in South Australia. Wo aro em boUishiug and beautifying tho City in ovory wny in ordor to attract pooplo to it, but wo aro affording them little* or no moans of obtain)™* alivalihood whon thoy gob horo. Tho day of reckoning will asanitdiy^omoandwo shall thon bo in tho flume position as othor cities havo found themselves. Tho first to doaorfc ua will bo tho ortison, who ia a thrifty individual, and just tho man who is wanted in a growing country, I hopo tho Govormnonb Will givo spooial attention to this Blookor nyatom, I havo rooQlvod a roport from South Australia 'dealing v.-ith tho progress of tho syq-m up to tho ond of laut yoar, nnd tho result of tho work in that colony is sttflh-iont to justify/ tho Govorminnb in introducing a similar syatom horo, It wp hopo to mado it a ouccosa, wo must givo tho working man a pioco oi' land within walking distanco of hi« workshop. Land must bo Boourod for tho purpoRO, around ii succossrul country towuflhip liko my own, and in ordov to do this wo shall havo to faoo tho ro-purolmno systonii I boliovo that the ono of tho best works tho Govornmont could undortako would bo to re purohaso tho largo .estates whioh woro givon away in tho early days. Somo hon. mombors, having oxtmvagant views, would advooato a land-tax, but that mothod will not burst up fcheBe large oatatefl, aud if thoGovornmeut wiBh to do thoir boHfc for tho development of agrioul turo, thoy muat doviso some moana of repur ohasing the largo arous of laud in tho Avon Valley whioh nro alienated from the Crown. They can do so without oxponding a single sovereign of Sbato monoy. Tho land could bo purchased on dobonturos, redoomablo in 5 yours, or on 410 dobonturos negotiable in the City, Pooplo could tako up , tho dobonturos instead of putting thoir monoy in tho Bank, for tho investment would bo a vory aafo ono, Tho rosult would bo a 20 yoaro1 ro-purohaso Bohomo and compulsory . improvements with one-twentieth of tho purohaso monoy ooiiiing to tho Govornmont who oould roos pond it in tho purchase of othur lands, or better still, in buying up our own mortgage bonda. At tho ond of 2/5 years all tho land in tho Avon Valley would bo aottlod on a Compulsory Improvoinont Sottlomont Sohomo. As to tho Budgot Speech, I wish to congratulate tho Govornmont on tho additional amount ploood lit tho disposal of tho Educa tion Dopartmont. I think that 411,000 is nil too small for tho growing requirements of tho oolony, 1 hopo thab botoro tho ond of tho yoar Wo shall havo tho magio six figures of population—100,000— for history tolls ua that whon onco tho population reaoho3 that flguro, tho colony will loap forward. In view of this thoroforo I think tho amount voted to that Dopartmont 'ia not sufficient. Ono groat caune for regret ia tho absence of a water conservation polioy, not so muoh for tho goldflolds, for 443,853 id to bo spoub thoro, but for tho Eastern districts, whoro, after a Bottlo mont of 00 yoara, nothing has boon spent at all. A sum of 420,000 would givo four towns in tho Eastern districts a propor water supply, and thoy havo frankly offered to pay 5 por cent, of tho coat. What do wo soo now P In tho Avon Valley hon. members will uoo God'8 good gift of beautiful writer, rushing away to tho soa imi'I lost to tho people, whilo in tho miinmor tho residents of tho towns in tho Vicinity havo to oarb thoir water at half a crown por hogahoad, I hopo tbo Hon. tho Promior will rowain in oJIloo, but I vottturo to toll him that tho future policy of hi*i own or any i'utyrrt Ministry, whon the railway polioy ia played out, must bo a (grand water oonHurvu, tion echomo for tho wholo colony, I am jufltiiiod in making thosio remarks noeauso I find that in tho Adiuiuiatrator'n Spocch at tho oponing of Parliament tho atatouionfe v,rna made that the Government woro eonsldorlng a comprehousivo sohomo of water conservation for tho largor towns of tho colo?iy, Hon, moniboi'fl will pardon mo if I inohidp in tho orm ' liu:«nr tewnn,' a oiwlain town which shall bo namelosa and which shall long romain an importnnt contro of tho colony. I will namo it after all. It is Northnm, tho metropolis of tho East. I congratulate tho Government on the proposed ? iueroago* of salaries of civil servants and hopo tho recipients aro worthy of them. I should liko to see a system of Lifo Ai&uranco; tucked on to the conditions of tho Civil Service, in order thab on tho death of im omployoo of tho State, his boroavod family should, havo some moans of living, Somo hon. momborB think that 4G00 is a largo salary ; but it ia not, and I think it is a raiafortnno for any man in thoso days to bo dooraod to work in tho Govornmont service. Icommondtho idea of a State Life Asaur unco Aa3ooiution that ia in force V| in New Zealand and has dono much good thoro, to tho oonHidoralion of tho Govornraont. I think it is on record that in Now South Wales at tho prosont timo, they hiivo noarly two millions of monoy accumulations in connection with State life insurance, that havo boon loaned ont by tho Govornmont. iiuit monoy is loaned out for tho dovolopmont of tho land. Coming to tho question of tho laud again, wondor has boon expressed, that further dovolopmont does not takoplaco. How is it that wo may go through tho Avon Valley, and othor placos and soo bo much land lying idlo P Whon hon. members talk of land, and land taxation, thoy run away with the'idoa that ownors of land would not sail, I cay thoro aro a goodly nunibor of ownoro who would sell if .they could, and thoy would clov'olop thoir land if thoy could. With all our boasted prosperity, I want to say 'an 1 want to omphasiso it too, that thoro ia no singlo institution, besides tho ordinary banks to which a farmer can go for assistance in tho dovolopmont of his land, aiicl sol hail tho woll intontionod Agricultural Bankj to enable tho furthor dovolopmont of old and largo estates. Whon you rooogniso that faot' you are recognising tho reason why our lands aro not boing dovolopod more rapidly. I boartily congrntuJate tho Government upon thoir satisfactory increase of the vote for Roads and IMdtfoa, I am glad to soo tho voto of 431,000 propOHod, boing aa It la an iuoroaao of nearly 60 por cont, on last yoar, Thoro is ono matter to whioh I would rofer boforo sitting down. and that is tho question of tho Ecclesiastical Grant, in which wo havo all taken so deop an intorost. I think tho settlement of this quostion is largoly duo to tho hon. mombor for Goraldton. All honor to him, that upon every occasion which ho Has stood up in this Houso ho lino advooatcd its sottlomont upon liberal linoa. I congratulate tho Govornmont upon having caught the idoa of tho hon. mombor for Geraldton, aa woll as othor hon. momborB of this Houoo, and have decided to propose a ton years' Capitation Grant paid in two instalments'.- I would liko to soo Borne provision mado, if wo could seo our why clear, as to how the monoy is to lo spoilt. I hopo if; will not bo unod to provido ilxod salarios for drones in tho hivo, for men who havo mistiikou thoir calling. If it is used for this purposo I for ono shall vory much regret it. It1 on the other hand it in used for providing a fund, for the paymont of salaries to itinerating Ministora of all tho denominations, 'who will go upon our timber statiouo, and goldfiolda and such pkooa, I Hhull think tho money. has boon well spent I boliovo tho 430,000 odd will bo ohporfuliy voted by hon, momborB, who will deaj with tho Chnrohoa liberally, If something is not dono wo shall but propagate a eystem thatwill bo a vory serious annoyanco in tho yoara thnt aro to como, I hoj,o tho Govornment will fn some way Book to iheok tho spending 'of the monoy. Iknowthoron.ro dilHoultioa in tho way, but I hopo the Govornmont; will devis'o Homo moans for ovorcoming thoinall, Mb. E. F. SHOLL i I regrob to any I havo not studied tho Estimates this year' so much as I liavo done in tho past.. I shouid not, bowovor, liko tho dobato to close widhont oxprosoing, as ono who has known tho colony in tho dnya past— my great, satisfaction at tho satisfactory financial atatomont that lias boon plntood boforo us. It is to mo a source of vory groat grati fication. I am sure tho Govornmenfcmust'feol ovory satUfnotion in thodolivory of thn Budgot Speech. The rovonuo has incroaaocl to an o;-- tontthat tho moot sanguine novor anticipated. But whilst our rovonuo hns increased beyond our anticipations, I soo our oxpendituro hna alao incronsod to nn almost oqu.il oxtont, if avo may jutlRO by thp Esfcimateu. Wo lmvo boon told by tho Hon. fcho Promloi- that ho estimates tho oxponditaro at 41,537,45)0, whioh will wipe out our balaiwo of 4277,000, or will roduco it to 430,880. bo that, if ths Hon. tho Promicr'o CBtimnte ia corroot wo Bhn.11 pxpoct this yonr nioro than wo shall roooivo. I think, hownvev, tbo Proinior vory wisely undor oatimnlpd tho rovenne, and Ieongrntulato him upon havinp dono bo. I think it is wioo to do so. I do not agroo with thoao hon, mombora who nay tho Promior should tako a moro snnguino viow of tho revenue. It always sooniB b6ttor at tho end of tlio financial year to havo a surplus reported of a couplo of throo hundred thousand pounds, rathor than a deficit of any kind. I think if tho Treasurer is orring at all ho is erring on tho right and safo sido. I do not proposo to deal with tho Estimation in (totail, though I notion thoy havo vory largoly increased, Of course, as tho oolony goes ahead tho requirements will be more, and tlio oxpendituro must iucronso in proportion. I wish to draw attention to one' remark of tho Hon. tho Promior whieh.isi rathor misloading. It waB not dono, I know, with 'the intention of misleading; but in dealing1 with tho expenditure of last yonr ho said wo havo spontloHB than tho estimated oxpondituro. 'Tho eBtiinatod expenditure,' ho nays, 'to tho 30th of Juno lnnt wag 4054,4(55, and tho actual oxpondituro 4030,728, thoroforo wo Bpont during Insfyoar 417,737 less than tho EhM mute.' That is quito truo in ono.vospoot, but it is rathor misleading in anothor. Wo find this IToubo Banotionod oxpondituro on works and buildingBof 412,210 which was not ox pondod. That monoy ought to havo beou ppont. I do not think tho Govornraont enn tako to thomsolvos credit that thoy havo not ex ponded that amount whon it wns voted by this Houso. Thon, too, on Eoads and Bridges thoro was voted 411,740 for nocoamvy works, and thoro is no doubt but that monoy hau not yet bouu oxponded, Wo find tho Govonimont liavo oxpended a oum not nuthoriaod by Par liameut amounting to .CW,222. Tin: PiiBMiiro (Eon. Oir J. Forrost): Whoro do you get that from P Mil. It. 1?. SHOLLs From your Estimates, Tun Pni- iMiKU (Hon. Sir.T.iCorroDt): I think. you have takon a lot of troublo, Mb. R.F. SHOLL : Not at nU, I have do?]0 it whflo sitting horo to-night, V/lien tho Hon, tho Promior Raya ho has spont loaa than tho Estiinatos, ho does not nay ho has spant vory much' that was never authorised by Parlia ment. Talcing tho Miscollauooua Voto, thai; VOto that tho Hon. the Premior can put his hand upon -s& w$ tuma Tna Pbbmmb (Hon. Sir J. Powost) : Wo can givo you all tho itomfl, Mn. R. }?. SHOLL: That vote upon which tho Premier .can lay his fotndto give to first ono hon. mombor and then anothor— I do not4 liko using tho word sop -but that votn to* boon exceeded by 44,900 or moro. Tho S*««. collanoono Voto has renohod 48,377, withovrt Parliamentary authority. I mention Unit;, puroly to point out that tbo ntatoniont of tho Promior that thoy spont 417,737 loan 'than to nuthorined, is misleading. In ono ronpoct it in true thoy havo not spent tho amount ailthor isod by Parliament upon partioulnr tiling, but thoy havfl spont moro than the nmoiint upon other things. Thk Pbhmibr (Hon, Sir J. Forrest) : Thoro aroalwaya ovorrlfafts and nndnrdrat'tfl. Mn. li. F. SllOLli: I nofcico in tholSstimatai thoro aro sovarnl iucronsos for certain off! (Mills I do not objocfc to inoroaaoa ns n, rulo, und I quite agroo with tho hon. mombnra who havo apokon with roforoneo to inoronneu for tolo ffraph opomtors in tho ontlying districts, Tliorois no doubt about iv, that iu many in stances thoy aro working night and day, and whon thoro is nn interruption on tho Eucla lino, I understand they soinotimos work for 8(3 houifi. I do not know how many thoro nro v/ho aro considerably overworked, or considerably mi dorpnid. I think tho prinoipal officials in im portant districts whoro tho'worh in heavy should havo incroasoa. I notice howovor, tlm-; a'omo of tho3O inoroaso3 on ths proaont ESti mntoa aro for officials wbo Room , to mo to gdt an increnao ovnry yonr, whil0 Homo who nrc equally doncrving nrc lofh out in tho cold. I hopo tbo Govornmont will infcro (luco a Civil Sorvico Bill Ro tljafc ofMals, will know tho exact position in which thoy Htantl. It would bo betbf foi- tho hatulu «-f dopiirt mont^, and for tho Minister too, instoul of boin^' poatorod by i'riimcls of f.lio offlcjjil.-, or tho officials thomsolvna, and thoy could f-.ay thero ia tho Act, which mn do nothing. Whibt doiiliupf with tho Civil. Sowico question 1 ahould liko to sny n word with rogard to tho Civil Sorvico ComminHion. If thnt Conimiflaion wore not in oxiatenco I boliovo the Govern^ mont would favorably consider tho itdvisability of bringing in a Bill. '.I'ho Boyal Commission has now been in OJiiatonco nearly two yearn, Wo do not know what thoy nro doing. Boforo wns opsaion la ovor if no hon, mombnr' moves,. I shall niovo that tho Oommisnion bo cancelled Tho Commission may at tlio present timo be doing good work, but no fur oh this Honso, nnd tho Government nro concerned, I think wo aro all in the dark. At any rate thoy havo had over 12 months to deal with ono dopirtmont and thoy have not dono it yot, I notice a large increase on tho Estimates for tho Bureau of Agriculturo, In nlludiug'to thia question I want to compliment those gentlemen who havo tho control of thab Institution. I can hardly call it adepavtmont Booing it is outaido tlio Government. I boliovo monnyhas boon wisely Bpont in connection with thnt movement, but wo noed, na it seems to me, to oloHoly watch it and bo vory oavofuJ, I think whon wo givo largo nurns of monoy to private individuals to expond ; wlion wn givo curia blanche to tho oxtont wo hiivo dono thoro, wo nood to watch the oxpondituro vory cp.ro fully to boo that ib ia spent wisely. V/o know nt tho presont timo of tho outhusiffsm of the goutlumen connected with .tho Buroau. With out pnthuoiosm I do not thinl; nnything could bo mado a succors, and !I think tho fsuceupn of tho Agriculturnl Buroau i3 duo to tho ont.hu siasm ot! thoso gontlouinn -who constitute tho Board. I say this notwithstanding tlio romarks mado by tho hon. mombor for Iho Willinmn. I think, howovor, ib ahould lioiiii;i!3todii()on,tliiib tho accounts of tho Buroau tdumlii bo audited by the Auditor-General. Thoro is a balance sheet plnoed beforo this Houso bub it ia absolutely misleading, Tun PuKMrjJii (Hon. Sir J. Forro.it) : Tho nccountB aro nlvmya audited, Mb. Jl. F. SHOLL s Thnt bnlanco-slioot h not nuditcd, and ib m miHlofiding. It nhowt thoy havo a fn- dit balanco of £2'Ai, whoro iw t maWor oi f ct I'.'oy havo nothiiif; of tint iorf; Thoy lmvo JCiUi placed on tho Estiinatos for m, Inspector oH .L'oreuto, That in an itom that hns not boon oxpondod Viy tho. Hui'onu. Thoy show a balanco of .i'Stffi find yob ,{',2'A) voted for this gfontloiimn'o salary in nofc aviiilabl»,aiul thoroforo flhould not bo shown on thoii' bal nwco-Bhoot no it in, I only mention thia to show tho nccopsity of havinj? tlio accounts o£ tho ? Buroau proporiy audited, nnd go thai; full information may bn pvosontcd to Pnvliumont, Tho ilon. tho ComfuiHsionor of Crown Lands in dealing with taxation avgnod wo aro Hob hciav ily taxed, and Btated thnt th.3 bulk of tlio to vonuo wan derived from tho lower viMea o? taxation through tho Customs. As a matter of fncO tho returns show that tho hoaviosl amounts oomo from tlio Bpocifio rntos, nnd tho 10 nnd 20 por cont. Tho 10 por cent, yiolded £2(11,000 odd. Tho 15 and SO por ceuts. ?SU'iri.OOO odd. The Premier (Hon, Sir .T. Forrest') : Whn.fi is that £148,000 ? Mb. 11. I-\ SHOLL That is tho rovonno from Customs. Thh P/iHMiRit (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Toil nro wrong. Pugo 8 of tho Estimates will fthow. Mn. K. F. SHOLL: I cannot ngreo with thoso hon. mombors who say wo ivro no« heavily ta?:od, whon wo derivo oo much rovenuo from Customs. Tho inr-roaHo, I think, can bo accounted iov ton. groat oxtozft' by tho infill x of population, which has boon groator Minn woo anticipated, and by tho fiict that tlio ngi'i turtats woro not ablo to moot tho domands, principally, of course, through bud noasons, X uincoi'oly iraab fcho prophecy of iho hon. morn bor fdr Iho Williamn -will bo, fulfilled, nnd \hn noxt yoav wo shall dorivo no rovonuo from ifn-- portcd chaff, but that our own pooplo will Im nblo to imppiy tho demand. At tho carno linio I fool it ib voiy hard that a heavy cluty Kliould bo placed on thoao articles which our ou'w pooplo oimnot produce, and I think tho duly should bo rornovod, oven if it had to bo pln.cnd on agaiu af toi'wni'da. 1 Imovr thorn i» (h dim. culty in tbo way, but ib in wither hard on thoso who havo to obtain ropplios feVr othor ooun. ? triofl, becauso of bad oeaaono in this, throngli r*Mch our own pooplo oannofc supply tho do '^entinucd on rago 6.) »? WJllult Sow© remark lifts boon mndo about ' the AgrionUiiml Bank. I think it in rathor too soon to span k of ita operations, seeing it ia not yot through its flrat year's operations, I consider tho record a v/ork hithovto shows that coiisulorablo caution haa boon oxoroisod in the n'dvanoomont of moneys. I fool perfectly certain tlmt tho gontloman who ia at tho hond of that, affair, will guard tho intorosts of tho colony in tho matter' of securities upon which ntlvnncos aro lnaclo. I considor that mining haa boen.tho, salvation of this colony. Vary few will ho found to controvert that fltatc nuait, Linustsny tlmt I think tho mining 'community have reason to complain, tlmt upon Vho only mineral railway lino in tho colony ? (liovo should bo differential rates, Tho rctiiiM\ (inllod for by tho lion, member for Yil g;un sIvoNvt, the marvollous returns of that line, * do nob think that Biioh linos of mil way '?iiionf'.l'bo penalised for tho agricultural lines. Upon agricultural lines ovory facility is givun, and in somo inafcancoa only half rates arc charged for agricultural products and tiinbtJiV ' ' ? ?''? Tuu ruKMTKK (Hon. Sir ,T. Forrest) s Not half rates. Mr. 11. F. SHOLL : Yea half rates for -iniljor. '' The CoMMtssiONER'oTi1 EmiiWAys ! I do not mow what you call full ratos. ' Mis. 11, F. SHOLL ! Timbor ia talcen ovor tho oilier Imo3 at half tho ratbs ohargod upon tho goldflold railways, Tin! Commissioner op IIaimvats ! Timbor is currie^over all.linpa atllio snmo rato8-, and thei'o is no dil'fovonco nmde for timber being oxpovtod. Tho Ramd'intbs aro charged on timbor being exported as upon that .being carried up tho country upon lots over 200 tona, ' : ' l '?Ix.ll, i\ SlIOLLs Thntia an alteration niiV.'.o lululy, and I am very ploaaud to hear of it, I hopo tho Hon, 'tho Cbnunlssionoivwho linn now done justice in thi,s roapoot will go further, find put all lines upon an equality and not puimliso ono to nmko up tho losses upon others. Tho hon. membor for Northam ex pressed a wish that tho Government would, bring forward a water consoi'vatidn sohonio I hopo thoy will, and I wouldiiko to any, that with thoir largo surplus Una yoar, 1 should liko to boo n .mini . of ..£20,000. or .£30,000 put upon tho Estimates for Artesian boring That ia n matter in whiuh I 'think tho Govern wunt would bo justified in spending .IMO.OOO or .5oO,000, ovon if a good part of it proved n fail nro j bocauHo if only ono boro provod suc cessful, that would ropay all tho outlay. Tlio experiment wi\a tried in Queensland aud proved :t great' success, imd a golitlonmn from there who knows tho truth of what ho miys, informed wo that tho discovery of water had practically uiaclo a now province. 1 think, tho Gpvonuuout should follow tho example of Queensland, njidsond aomoone to America, or to Queensland, and find out tho bust methods, and bust upplmucoa, and accuro tho very boat o:q.ui 1 labor that thoy can obtain, I am sorry tlio Uovcrainont lmvo not yob roaliscd the im portance of this mattor. Thero is another v thing I should like to say, n'a wo aro likely to havo H HlivpUw again noxt your, tho Govorn wvut should bo pfoparod to' construct out of jv»vonuo «o»io small Hnoa of railway, Thoy tilniu'd lisivo tho Hurvoys matlo ready to carry on tho- -railway, nay , f roln ' Coolgardio to llauiuul'a. Mi-\ A. FonuKS'i'ji Jl'ljoy aro,, going to do tin.!. ' ' ?? ? . ;..!i;. I', T-\ SHOLL: Then wo ought to havo G(--:-.i:t hing on theao Estimates for tho work. 1' auwpt tile mill, mombcr'a assurance and say, I think tho Government should bo prepared to lay tho track ri^bt away when tho Coolgmrdio line u completed', and to do it out of tho rovon uo iiiatpad of out of bpvvowod money. It' tho iiioney w'ovo required for rovonuu purposes in Uil5 1'tit'iiVo, ifc coukloioily then bo roplace,d out; of loan. This course would uavo intorest on monoy:./ borrowed. I think I lmvo no tiling l'iu'.|.hor to sny. , 1 can. only con* gj-atuhvto tiio country upon its succossfiU mid nrosuorotis condition. 1 nonu'ratulato those gontleiuqjMvho.ait .upon tho Treasury bonehud, upon tho i exceedingly fortunate time they hivY.o^luul.aincP thoy havo boon hi offlco, , not that I doubt tlioy would bo equal to tho occasion if adverse times woro to come. I hopo howuvor, they will not coiuo too fast, I notice thuie iu ii, lot of mdnoy going into bricks and Miortnv, I stjo Ihovo is a sum of A42r-,uiK) for a Suprouio Court. 1 think a great deal loss would do. V do not think we want largo omr.» inonliil plhcea whurq comfort is saorillwd to iipponrnneoa. 'Wo want a good building it is ti'un Unit may. be an ommmmt; but wo do not want too much monoy spent upon bricks ..and inovtav, I noticu it is only yvopoaud to appnd £i,QM thii yoar. I think tlio Govorninent inighf; hiivo piit up abuildiug coating say £ lo,0l)0 and not Jiioroly spoud jC'1,000,1 .It nppo-.us to mo (hoy ilo.not gni3ptl\o aitn'ation, Mu. Hl'&Jl;'rfO^.:.l am fluio tho country is to bu (jongi'iitulatcd upon tho splendid way iu wbioli itd resources aro being' opened up, AYlioi'evcr wo .loo); .now ?.ontoi'priso in .talcing 1)1«cj, nnd- lvow.i'o.-ourcos aro responding to tho olYorvsoF enterprising QitiKons, So much bo that, ihf.1 lYoniifiv of tho country is plac'bd in n piwilion to.givo-us n statement that appoara almcal lUto a chap I or from ' tbo Arabian Nifjhtu,' Jingo iiioi'onaea of population aro rouordod. Our credit is of tho soundest, aud over whilst tho, Premier was favoring this Country with bis .financial statement, wo hoard of tho rains i'«llin-,' abundantly to'bloBs tho ».«riculturi(5t3 of tho colony. The Ministry has boon so thoroughly congrnt'ulatod upon their woiidorfnl policy, that I uni mysolf nlniost incjinod -to boliovd' that tho nuns woro ji'parUif thi!U' policy. There is no doubt a good deal in tlio' contention of jtho boii. mem* iK'i' for Nunnhio, 'that the peoplo of this country nvo i-uovmovwly taxed, 1 do not any that they fret itus an oxtrqino bunion, but ibis looked ut from a statesman'^ point of view, nai appalling rbinjj to realise that tho peoplo aro taxed to ♦ho oxtont of ovor ,H~- per hqiul, 1. am not one to |)vos;iu.-3li-w.to,ovil, we know there aro good times and bad iiines in tlio lives of countries :ih of iiulividu.Ua, but it is boyond doubt, as it M-.n\i\ lo mo, thaftho peojilo of this country will 5)0 unable to benr tho oxtromo taxation ti' C.'i por head. J\Ik. A. Foukkst .? Tako it off thoii. ?«fn. aiMPSON: It is oxtreinoly interesting (?0 look at tho way all forma of conunorco lire iuvohiping in this country. Speaking of tho uUippiug trodo dlono. It is gratifying to us as uitisicua of fch;* country, to soo how rapidly onr moroantilo shipping trade is oxpumUngi I was much otruck with thia thought 'tho othor day whilst wailing on tho Fremantlo jotty tho arrival of a stoauior. It will bo remeinhovod that Bomo timo ngo that hugo vosaol, tho Bothwoll Castle collided with the jotty at Fronmntlo, during sonio oxtroinoly bolaturous ?woathor. 'Whilst I was waiting down tlioro, thoro wore throo largo stoamorj anoliorod out away from tho jotty, bocauso of tho fonrfully toinpostuous woathor, and at tho sumo timo thoro woro tlireo mon and a boy omployod on tho i'Opairato tho jotty. Ono of the ahipownora complained to mo vory blfctorly of tho clia graceful nofi'loet, that had boon exhibited ftt tho vory gato of tho colony, and said tho way tho repairs to that jotty woro boing carried on was a disgraco to tho colony. Mr, Maumion : It was tho woathor. Mr. SJMPSOM: It was not tho woathor. Tlio hon. member for Freniiintlo always sooks an oxouso for tho Government, but ho doos not always find ready disciples to acaopt his teaching. Woll, Sir, it is a very gravo inifi fortune that tho shipping ab our chief pork is boing troatod with that disgraceful nogloot, A gbntloman pointod out to mo that tho three largo steamers that woro then lying off, could all havo boon borthod if tho jotty had boon vepairod as it ought to havo boon, and n» it would havo beou, if tho work had boon lot by contract instead of being dono dopnrtmontnlly. I watchod this crowd of workors, thoso throo mon and a boy, and tho boy did not soom to havo much to do. That, howovor, is a small mattor except that it is indicative- of tho absoluto neglect that is going on in connoo tioti with many of tho .important ? industries of this country, It moans thoro ia vory largo vasto, itntl very much retardation of tho dovol onmont of the country, Tho Hon. tho Premier in illuding to tho pnotoral aud agrioultuml in dustries deplored tho eouditioii ' into which they had got. Tho causes of that condition, howoyoiyaro largoly beyond our ooubrol. Tho Promiov oxprossod ? kindly sympathy, but ho failed to hint at any form of miggoaiion for tho relict of thosoinduatrics. Ho avallod him* soil! again of tho opportunity to mako very indiscreet remarks about tho gront finan cial institutions of this country. I cannot imagine any greater calamity than for the ronwika io go. forth to tlio world, that woto mado.by the Premier when speaking tho othor ovoniug. 'Ho'spoko of tho flniinolal institu tions of this country in suoh a way us I beliovo was novov known in history boforo, It was tho most griovoua mlatako that was ovor mado oitlior in this colony ov in any otilior, whou tho Treasure).1 impugnod tho policy of tho financial institutions of tho country. Why did not tlio Promiov stand up nud say they woro prepared to roduco tho ratofl of intoroat and thus assist tho people P With regard to agricultural aettlo mont, I ani ono of thoao who nro in hearty sympathy with tho settlement of peoplo upon tho land, Alluaion avus mado to mo by tho hon. inombor for, the Williams, who waa good enough to say I was a friond of tho iigriculturistv I do not follow tho hon. uioinbor oxaotly on his lines, beonuso I think niany of tho forms of assistance to ' ajyrluul. 'Uiriats ' liayu'.ldd thoni into a fool's paradise. Tho Agricultural Ii'nhk haa boon alluded to« I novor did boliovo in, it, and I novor will until, it is ,an oatublishcd buqcosd' iu nssistiny tho BOttlomont .o^ iho laiid, As to people rushing down' to' town to s'oouro aasiatiuioo from tho Hank, I can asaurq hon. , nieinbers upon uninipoachablo authority that tho gou'tlenian'in chargb of tho Jtonk'was afraid to movo booauso of tlio security offered him, I. boliovo, if , anyono can mako a.Biiccoan of tho Uftuk tho present, nuiuagor will do it, Vo\ lowing up tho, remark of tlio hon, mom bor for tho Gasooyne, I exceed ingly. regrot that with tho largo roaourcoa that aro now in tho linnda oftho Goyernmont tlioy have not iuitiatod a largo solionio for nrtOHian boring. .If 'they dtscbvorbd (inly ono avleaian supply they- would ouhauco tho valuo of a v»ry lur^o tract of country, No ono who. kiiows, or who has read tlio history of what avtoHiiui Wjitor hns dono for Central Australia can uouui wnac rno roanns wonxa uo n wo could havo artdsifih xitikov in our ovory district. With regard to tho Agricultural Bureau I havo only woi'da'of praiso. My hopo is that in tho future it may bocivrrlod on in thosamo tiolf-donyiiig qpivit i),ndwilih tho same energy that it haa beou cari'iod on hithovto. I shall not oppose tho proposed inoroaood grant. I believe tho Bureau is one of tho bost invest menta the country luu- mado. It has sproad abroad and h spreading abroad tho vory bout of information, With rogard to tho railway ixituruM,'! shall liko to Bay, if lion, members look they, will soo1 in tho Estimates, very carel'jil nnalysoa given for ovory othor depart montj but in tho railway receipts thoy aro put down iu ono lump Bum ,£203,000. Wo know thero aro tons 'of thousands of pounds that aro from 'wharfages. Thoy aro not railway receipts at all, ' ' ' , ' 'Jfu. M.vtmtojt: Frouuvutlo1 revenue, '' ? Mjt. SIJMI'SON : Ycsi nnd ? othor \ShwQH ns woll. Tho rates for whnrl'ago havo also boon increased sinco tho railway dojjiirtmenfc took1 tho jotties ovor. Thosd nru exact facts. 1 am glad to soq tho Govornmont propose to deal with tho EcclosiaBtical tiruut. It may bo help ful if hon. momboi's exprosa thoir viowa ns to how tho religions bodies aro to bo dealt witli. I tluuk it will be well for us, whou tho nios en go oouu.'u bafoio us, to conaidor whether tlio iloiiso Hhoiikl not detormino tho form of in vestment into1 which this fund Bhouldbo placed. I know that many of tlio' Churcl'ios lmvo men ,vho cnvpfiuly guard tho lornm ot mvoatmulit, nto which fuuda liko tin's shall bo put, but I ;hinlt it worth whilo ooiioidoriug whethor L'arliainont should not dutovniino tlio form in which thq funds shall bo invosted, Thoro ia inothor'niattor I would very much liko to lmvo seen tho Govpmmont spend ii consider xblo tnuii upon; namely tho dovolopmont of mv tiitiboi1 industry. 1 think tho liouso failo Lo realize tho enormous wealth thoro is iu tho Limber industry. I boliovo before very long our rail way department will bo vory largely employ ed in hauling timber to our goldllolda, particu larly on tlio Mimihison ami Pilbarra, and othor fields. Another small mutter hi the possibility of working up an export trado in timbor for tho block system. I. think that in tho city of ' Perth X'20,O0l) might woll bn spent in putting down blocks of timber as pavements in tho stroot to ahow what can bo dono. Mr. A. Pouuust : Why did you not suggest it boforb, Mu. SIMPSON-, Tho financial statement thathasboon submitted is indeed a hopeful ono. It makes tlio country a pleauivnt ouoi'ortho iintlvo born in which to livo, and it ia equally ]ilo/isaut for thoso who have mado it their odoptnd home, Tho future is bright j nnd all itrof|uiri'Hon our part is euro and caution worthy of it. Tho hou, member for Northam mado somo remarks on tho land quostlon. 1 suppose thoro avo few mou who speak more wisoly or with moro oxporionoo upon tho question of tho uottlomont of tho land than ho. Tlioro is vory much force in what ho fluggost od, us to Bottlomont upon tho land. I congratulato tho country upon tho tiplondid way it htts roapondod in ovory direction to tho assistance that 'lms boon givon to it, I am happy to bo a mombor of tho Loglehituro to wolcomo tho fltatomont put boforo uu by tho Hon, tho Promior. Mu. LEli'ltOY : I do not intond to protraot, this dobato to any groat oxtout, but tho oc casion of a dobato upon tho J)udgot Spooch ia gorioriilly uaod by thoso oppoaod to Iho Qovorn mont, as an opportunity to diapiiBS tboir policy, Tlioro ia ono thing that ia vory HiitiBfaotory to my mind in tho etatomont laid boforo us by tho Hon. tho Promior, and that is with rogard to tho finances. Tho flnauoial atfitomont; has not boon cavillod at to auy groat oxtout, by hoso cultured and vorsutilo ovltloa, tho hon iiombors for Albany aud Nauuino. That is il ory satififaotory, thing to niOi I fool vovy ortain that from tho position thoao gontlomon lold, if thoro woro a luok of any groat im- . irovomouta thoy could and Iwould havo lointod thorn out, in oonnootlon with tho state nont mado by tho Projnior. Thoy would do so n justice to tho .country. Tho hon, mombor for tfuniiino dwell vory much upon tho ftiot tlmt ihls colony wan at tho prosont momont paying lomothlug liko M 10s, por head taxation ihrough tho Customs, , To' mo it doos not ippoar strange that it should boso. Hon. iiombors should romoinbor that' iu this colony ?horo is probably a larger proportion of adult population, than iu any othor part of tho vorld. Thoy aro noarly alV adult malos who ipmo to tliis colony. I might alao mention tho !aot that last yoar out of tho rovonuo derived !i'om Ouatoms, throo-olghtho of it was do L'ivod from spirituous and formontod liquors and from tobacco. Inmquito surolho hon. inouiborfor Nannlno will not apiJrovo of that, [boliovo if wo woro to tako tho duty oft' every thing olso, and loavo thoso dutioa on, wo should still bo reckoned as paying about .£'3 per lioad, I think tlio amount of taxation doos not show anything extravagant 'wholi wo remember tho , largo influx of a male population. Tho ilnancoo' show wo have passed through a yoar of vory groat pros perity, but I vonturo to Bay that novor per haps during tho history of tho colony, waa there so muoh dlstroaa among the agricultural and pastoral pooplo of tho country.' This fact was doalt with vory largely ..by tlio Promior, nud 1 am happy to know tho Qovornmont aro kooping thoir oyos upon those intoroats, and that thoy aro thoroughly aware, of tho do prosaion in so many quartora. I tliink a. very groat doal of tho doproimlou will soon lo avo ub bbcouao wo are haviUB, a botlor 'Boasou thio your than wo havo had for many yoai'a post.' I am lipping1 wo havo now loft the, low wator mark* If only tho prlco of tho gi'oator staple prodiwt of Avifltvivlift, wool, would go up a little, I think our colouy would bp in n vory inuuli bqttur stato .of poiunanont pi'ospci'lty thnu it ia in at tho present momont, 1 do not think it a Borious mattor that tho Hon. tlio TrottHiu-ot 'should itndOr-ostiuuito tho revenue, I think' it muoh bottor that' ho should do so. t think it must boa vory difficulty thing under tho prosont oiroumatances of tlio colony to' mako a correct estimate of the vovonuo. This is a very differonb country, |(aud in a vory different ppsitlpn to Victoria, for instanoo, which la prpbably, stationary at tho prosout momont. 1 fancy it would -bo- inueh eairior in that colouy to 'come nearer tho mark than iu this, whore wri canuot .possibly foi'dseo what in in tho immodiulo future. I am uot ono of thoso who think it in auoh a pity to spend cortain amwmts of public monpy upou public buiidiuga. I think onr public buildings in , sbvorul reapooto aro a dis graco to us. Thoro ia nothing that strikes iv atvimgor to nny country more than a uoblo pilo of splendid publio buildlngSi I do not boliovo lu throwing money away. I think in Molbourno thoy havo spout rathor too much monoy iu this roapoot, but somo of our public buildiuga are, not in proportion to tho position tho colony holds among tho countries of tho world. I am pleasod an amount la sot down on tho Estimates for liuprovomonta in this direction, Tho lion, mombor for (3oraldton had uot very vory much to find fault with, oxcopt that only throo inon and a boy woro found working at tho Fromantlo jotty, and that tho Govorn mout woro loading soina of our, favtnora into a fool's paradise. I hopo the pooplo aro not so foolish aa to bo lod Into a fool's paradise I think whon pcoplo goon tho soil it Jsgouorally aftor mature consideration. Thoy do not do bo hurriedly, llkoRoino pooplo take up shares in a gold mine. I hope tho poople Who go on tho land will do bo to thoir own advantage, as well as that 'of tho country, 1 thoroughly bo. liovo \y 1th tho hon, member for iho Williams thoro will not bo so much ohaff and othor ng'i'icultui'ai products Importod this ourront your, aa woro iinportod last yoar. I think tho Promior ia quite right in 'not oatimating tho rovonne highortliuu hohimlono. Ifool proud to think that our country ia in suoh a ilourlahimr condition) nud 1 am miro whon in i'uturo yoara ' our children and ouv grand ohildron road tho. history of this colony and ita gold fields, It will read to thorn as aoino fairy talo, It ia most interesting iit tho prcHont momont to watch tho dovolop'mont of this country, and I fool glad to think that wo havo at tho pvo flout .moment, aa mombors of our Mlniitfry, a body of mon niovod by patriotio motivoa, who will, I am Biiro, do thoir boot to load tlili country ou to tho prosperity to which wo all look forward, but if they fail it will not, I am miro, bo dono on purpose, bub through puro misadventuro. Mn, MOMN ! After waiting for an oppor tunity to say something in this dobato, I think wo may now aurmiau that tho ' big guua ' on both sides of tho liouso huvo fired oil' thoir ohiu'gofl, and that tho siiinllor nr'tillery may have play, Without complimenting tho Govornmont on tho prosont stato of tho colouy— that being a song of which the Houbo is getting rathor tired— my intention is to touch briefly on nomo' prominent foaturea of .tho Uudgob Spooch. I wish to promise, my ?remarks by taking oxcoption to tho oft ropoatod assertion 'of tho hon. member for the Williamn, that tho mining ronrpsontativos in tlilnllotiflo aro fond of twitting tbo ngricul turalpoTlion of tho population with being 'Insignificant nnd unimportant. Speaking for myedlf, I liiust eay that never on nnyoinglo oeonoion. during tho two aoaalona I Invo boon in this Houbo havo I opposed auy moiisuro brought forward for iho bonoflt of agricul turists. Sinco tho hou. mombor uttored bin complaint this cvoning, I havo taken tho troublo to look through tho Hansard record for Inflt; BOflflloi^— [Mn. .Vijchsto ; Look through tho, roportB for this sossion]— and I eay that if tho lion, moinlw makos ouoh an aouortion as to lust sosHion, or this sossion, nnd doos not provo it, iho failuro to produce proof will discount any nasortions of a liko character ho may(uiako in tho f uturo, Spoaking for mysolf, and I J,hink jtho hon. mombor for Nannino wiil bo ablo'ito vindicate himsolf au clearly I do not. think any mining representative in this Houco has shown antipathy .to any moasuro brought in for tho bonoflt of ngriotil ,turo. , Tho imputation thus oast on tho mining members is altogothor opntradiotory to the facts as rovoalod In the Hansard reports I havoroforrodto, I think I havo supportod agricultural .railways whon proposed in this Houso, lUthotigh, porhaps, thoy havo not had too many recommendations to warrant thoir .construction at, tho pruHont time; but I Blip* ported thorn from a doairo to soo justieo and fair .play, and perhaps a little moro titan fair play, rondorod to tho pooplo in agricultural districts,, and I have novov bogrudgod my »up port to thorn whonovor I thought it would bo to thclrodvautago that particular works should jo undortalton. Thorofove I ropudiato tho jomplaintof tho lion, mombor for tho W1U iaius whou ho sttys certain mombora of thin tlousot talk aa if tho mining industry wore ;ho only industry in the colony, and that ;hoso momboru.oast slurs on tho agricultural Muatry. [Mii, PiubbhI 'T\y|ttod,' I said.] [hope you (Mr, Ploase) will doal moro iu fact, ?or tbo frttiu'e, and Iohu in aasortion. . l'«n Ohaihman i Tho hon. mombof for Yil jarn ia out of ordor in addreaalng himsolf to tho hen,, mombor for tho Williams, Mn, MOHAN i I hopo the Chairman will protoot mo against tho lion, mombor's intor jootlons, ' I will now rofor to thP' rovonuo dorlvofl fi'om the railways, as being tho most iniportant f oatuvo in tho ProralerV Financial Statement, I hiwo boforo mo tho return I Oftllodfor on.thoflubjoot of railway rovonuo, and it iu now almost a part of nnoiont history, bo long a ? timo having olapsod botwoen tho tltuo IcaUod for it and tho date at whioh it wna laid on tho tablo. I am sorry tho roturn was not furniahod somo timo ago, as I had hoped to havo had an opportunity of tabling a motion in roforonoo to it Howovor,. tho rotunushows that tho ? total rocoipta from ?Go- vernment railways during the Intit- yoar was X293,0OO, and that tho rodoipts from the Yll, gnivn railway alono ftjnountod to -8140,000| thatouo lino having producod ofcaetly ouo half tho total rocoived from all tho railways. Ab to tllQ. l'oturil itaolf, I aiiV not altogether aatlsflod as' to^ tho way in which tho stato mont has boon made out, but it oatabllahos tho. faot... that tho oarninga of tho Yil garn trafllo bvor tho milway botwodii I'i'rdniantio aiicl. Southorn Cross amounted to ono- half of Iho total cavnlngs obtalno4 from All the CioYQrnuiont railways in tho colony; I am taiclii^tho traftlo odrningflof that gdld«: flold railway separately aa a basis of ' oalci)la« tioh, foropnyphipnoo, and I am' reckoning th© populjition pu tho goldilokb Bervod. by thttti railway as i boihg In round nuinboi'B 20,000— including Dnndas and all tho dilloront controa , ou thbsoilplds. ? Tho return shows that tho total earnings of tho railway botwequ Nor tliahi' and Southern Cross was last ' yoar .£112,518,' : Tlioii tlioro Is tho astounding statement' that tho total trafllo earnings of tho railway:; , bptwoen Fremantlo and Nor tham ' was JC188.101, and out of 'this total wo, havo: . to orodit ', tho goldiiolda with only ^28,221, . loaving to' tlw Northam lino as ordinary trallle a 'balanoo of JC100.010. It ia a hard thing to contradict an officially prepared roport of this kind, aud yot I four thero is some fallacy in it, boPauso if thoro waa .8112,618 oarnod botwoen Northam and Sou thorn Cross, thoro must be something1 wrong in the attvtemont of tho ftinouut earned ovor thp ott)oi' length of railway. Later on, I propbao' ,tp quoatiou the acotiraoy of this official voturn, aud to oxamlnotho system on which the totalfl 'aroinado up. I say the department , hfta not credited tho goldflolds' trafllo witli uvBuffloiout proportion of the. oarhlnga, for Ibolipvo tho diroot and indirect earnings, of thiV Yilgnrn railway alono aniount to; considerably moro thnn half of tho total amount of the railway earnings in the colony. I will noW'i'ofpr to a dobato whioh took placd in this Ho'nao last session, and will readjust ono quotation of romavka mado on an occasion which will bo well within tho momory of , hon. uiomborH. I was {moulting on tho question of tho high railway rates ohargod for goldflolds' traffic, and, am roportod in Hansard as having used thoao words !—' IClually, ho asked tho (l Qovorhmout to' say whothor, if they fourid ' tho Yllgarn railway was moro than paying 'tlio working oxponsoa, they would roduco tho ' rato of fvoighta to tho ordinary tioiile.' The Commlaaibnor of J?ailways in' his placo replied, ' Yon.' Thou I. addod, aa slated in Hanturd, that I hoped tho QovPrnmont would atick tp that Di'omiso. That is tho offlolal roeord of what waa said. [A Minihtkki That is not aorroot.] Well, thoro it 1h, roportod iu Han wd, and I pay if the Hansard roports aro not ooiTOot,I wish tho Govornmont would take the trouble to boo that thoy ai'o mado correct, bo cause a rooponalblo statement of that kind, appearing in the official record of debates, must corry co.nsldorablo weight. 1 say tho timo Iuvh uoniu (|or tho Commisaionor.of Rail ways to vindicate hit) promise I say that if tho direct earnings on that lino last year woro .£112,518, us uppoura in tho roturn I havo it-- t'orred to, thPthnohaH oomowhon that prom iso made by tho Miuiator may, \vitli justice, bo carried out. That amount of oarniuga must bo woll abovo tho working coat of that mil way, and abovo the cost of interost ou tho oapital outlay. I will ondoavor, later on, to placo boforo tho Houho a Btatomont showing what ia tho oxucfc porcoutago of earnings on tho total cost of construction aud tho work ing expenses, and thon wo Bhall boo what tho Miniator'a promiso is worth, and wo shall boo also how liiuoli tho Yilgaru railway is paying towards somo of tho diuTor railways iu othor parts of ' tho colony. I boliovo that thoao members who aro alwayu lay ing boforo this House quostlonB and.littlo rcquosta for tho Agricultural bureau will bo pleasod to 'boo that wo who roprbserit tho goldiiolda aro not only willing to givo to the agricultural railways nnd othov pvopoaaln of that mituro thoir just duo, but something moro thart their duo, and thoso momborH will, I hopo, rocogniao that tho timo has oomo for thorn to givo to tho goldflolda com imiuity au opportunity for gottlng ouv mining machinery and othor nocossarios carriod by railway at tho ordinary vutos of ohargo, instead of thoao spooially high xatoa whioh havo provailod alnco tho Yilgam Railway was oponod to Southern Cross. I hopo that, in stead of imputing motivos to mining members in this Houso, thoso hon. membora who repro aont agricultural distrlots will deal with our proposals in tho samo spirit In whioh wo doal with thoirs. I, for ono, strongly supported tho proposal to ontablish tho Agricultural Bank. I alBO strongly Bitpported tho proposod agricultural railway to Bridgetown 5 and I say tho goldflolds' mombera lmvo supportod ovory praotioal proposal mado in thin Houao' for advanoing tho intoroats of agriculture. Suvoly, thorfifore, wboii I eomo forward with a roquost that justice bo dono to tho mining community whioh 1 roprosont~aud wo do not want to pay ''less* railway freight than tho pooplo who uso rail ways in othor parts of tho colony — I hopo t shall obtain tho sympathy and aupporb of ovory fair-minded mombor In this House. Pas Ding1 now to tho general rovonuo of tho Colony; tho amount rooolvod from Customs last yoar wad ^518,000. The hon. mombor for Nannino' has suppliod mo with a basin of calculation, In slating that Ovory mwnbor e( tho oommuriifcy pnyB an ayorngo of i)5 10s, to tho Customs in taxation on dutlablo imports. Therefore/ taking tho population of; tho Coolgurdio and neighboring goldiiolda 'at 20,000 poraons— noarly all malo adulta— and reckoning only tho same avor&go; of taxation por hoad for thoso malo adulta, wo find that tho Yilgarn district alono contributed last yoar through tho Customs jfillO,000 $ arid wo may oxpeot that, with tho inoroaso going on, tho amount rocoivod from thoao pooplo .will bo incroaaod in thii) current yoar to .4)120,000 or porlmps ^130,000. Comliig, now to mining rovonuo, tho total aniount paid to tho Govornmont last yoar was £51,04.0. Taking iv moderate osti niato of tho proportion paid by tho pooplo re siding' on and connected with tho Yilgarn goldflolds— including as they do Southern OrosB, Coolgardlo, Hannau'B, 'Wliite Poathor, I.O.U., Kurnalpi, Mount Margarot, Black Flag, Siborift,. Broad Arrow, and other rapidly growing centres, also including tho Dundns flold— I am snro my flguros aro bolow tho ? mark , whpn I say that . tho Yil garn goldflolda paid ,£30,000 out of tho ?850,000 rocoivod* I think that must bo bolow.tha hiftvk, considering tho roveuue which thooo pQoplo pay on account of leaaoa, busi lioss lloortsoa, mineta1 rights, and so on. It may bo said again, as it has boon said boforo, that in this Houso I advdouto the mining in terest alono i but my auswor ia that I prof or to mind tho business. mid tho interests of those I wttB sont horo to Mprosout, and to look after tho concornd of my own Constituency j for it is only just to thorn that facts should bo stated in this Houao, and that whon niy constituents a,ro paying a largo rovduup to tho oountryj the Promior and tho Goyornuipntahoulcl not'paaa too llglitly over thoiiiatter of ' this royouiio. Whon w6 soo the mining population aro p-y. lug to th*3 rovennb liioro thttu half of tlio total amount contributed by tho wh'olo population of tho colony, this faot glvos a large handlo to thosp who advocate a wator supply and other necessary oonvonioncei . on thoso' growing Holda which' have not yot roeoivod sufflolont attention' from tho Govornmont or this House. Thp faotk Ipliico boforo tho Ho.use, and thp romarka which may bo madd upon thorn, will bo recorded in lldiiMvd, iviid I thiuk tho country will rocognlso the justloo ot the olaima made on bohMf of those goldflolds. The amount of rovenuo rooolvod from buaiubsB licorisoa mufit bo considerable, and I put it downab bolng at loaao ^000} tho amount fot postal sorvlcoa I ostlmato roughly at ^10,000 recoiyod froin thoso 20,000 pooplo on tho Yilgarn goldflolda, and thoy aro all persons who lmvo bouvo corrosuondonoo through tho poat office,1 If thoumouuts I am estimating nro eonsidorod too high, I ohallcugo contra-' dlotion of tho flguroB. Coining now to stamp duty, tho total rovonuo for last yoar was about ^22,000 j andi oonaidoring tho largo transac tions upon tho goldflolds in tho salo of Iouno3 — tranaiiotious ho largo and froquout that this oolony had nover boforo eoOn, ot* ovon droaint of, tvauaaotlonB of this magnitudo bcourrihg horo 'until tho rocout, great developments Changed tho condition of , tho colony— I esti mate that about . ,£7,000 of tho total Waa contributed from thoao gold&oldo; alon o Coming noxt to telegrams, if there is ono dopartmont that tho mining industry has kopt going and helped in expanding, it is tho tolo graphlo department! for only thoso of ua who arc actively interested in tho mining industry, and have to 'send orrocoivo dbzons, scoroa, hundroda of' tblbgramy within a ahort timo can bo' fully aivaro of tho vast aiupuut of tele graphlo 'busineaa now carried ou in oouuootipn with thead1 v goldflolds^ ;.rlVi( illustrato^^,?, may mbhtiou that on'vla8t Batuniay,' in connoctiou with publio businoss, I rocoivod ton telegrams from various parts of my own constituency - tbo raoBBagos dud the replies had to bo paid for : and I am sure tho mom bora of this Houso who nro connected with miulug havo paid in one month moro than $10 for .tolograina aud cables alono, Every portion who is octivoly ooiiuootod with shares aud mining in thia colony doos his businoss by tho quick proooss of telegraphing, for if you want to bo up to timo iu business of this kind you must uao tho telegraph, Taking ,£38,000 aa tho total rovonuo rocoivod for tolograms last, yoar, I ostimato that quite '^16,000 of this amount, or ono half of tho wholo, wan rocoivod for tolograms in oonnootlon with tho Yilgaru goldflolds, For tho water supply I tako tho rovonuo at J310,000 for tho yoar. Now, putting togothor all thoso sourcos of rovonuo, aa I havo ostl mated thorn, tho proportion paid by the Yilgarn community ? will bo ;—- Railways, 42140,000, CnstoniB, ,£110,000, Mining rovonuo, .£30,000, Liconsoa, .£2,000, Postal, ^10,000, Stamps, ,£7,000, Tolegrams, jB15,000, aud Wator Supply, J310.000 j making a total of ^324,000 paid by tho community on thoBp golduolds alona. I think thero is a Minister or two loft to roply, and auroly thoy will . havo^ liatonod to what I luwo said, and will havo an op-, portunity to contradict my flguroa, if that bo nocessary, Lot us lmvo open and fair dobnto upon facts and principlosi and, whon wo quote figures and fiicto, wo should bo pro p rivbi'l to e'tiimt' by thorn . But 1 Bay tho flgur 6s I havo givon aro bolow a fail1 ostimato, rathor than abovo it. Wlioh wo lmvo the estimated expenditure' for mining purposco during tho current yeluY amounting' to ^'o3,()00 for tho udnilnistration of tho wholo of thoso gold fl'blcls. Wo havo for Water Supply .£43,000. [Thk Phemibki *S20,000 of that is spoilt filroady;] Woll, that leaves .£23,000 romain Ingto bo oxponded! W« luwo also tho up koop 6f railways to goldflolds, and of postal services/ 'Turning to tlio salaried paid to offlcorsiuthoabBorvicesontho' goldflolds, you will' find the highoat salary ia leS3 than £200 and tho'rest rango down to ^80, whilo tho total amount1 paid for tho postal and tolo graph sorvlcoa 6n thoao goldflolds is not much. Indeed theuo undor-paid servants aro so ovor wr.vkod that we havo auccoodod in killing fouv or flvo im Coolgardlo— killod with ovoi-work. I havo Booh' thbflQ, ovor- worked uervautfl ou duty at all houra, and I daro say somo hon. mombors in this Houso, Svhon viaiting tho goldflolda— probably the hoh, inombor for Albany can bonr inP otit by1 wlitat lib has soon thbro—havo Boon thoso 'publio fiorvants working till throo or four o'clock hi tho morning, I am ondoavor itigtoahow, by thoso remarks, that when wo oamo forwai-d with just claims for tho gold flblds' contimunityj wo' aro not putting forward any extraordinary claims. Indood on this ncc'ftsion I am simply vindicating thoso who liavP tabbgdUod ' tho fdot that a couaidorablo L'ovenuo cou'ioa from* thoao goldflolds, and that the- colony doponda on thbra vory largoly for its prosperous and improved condition, Thero will bo f wither okiniB for wator supply j aud I say that, before tho coming summer is ovor, and notwithstanding all tlio welcome rain that has fallon during this winter, thero will bo' somo extraordinary demands ou tlio GovQiiimout for water supply at the now ' mining contros of population. (I'horo is1' : no donbt that . will bo so, and;; bosidos ; that, wo must romombor that thoro is a growing agitation in tho largo ' contros for tho Government to do, BomPthing' for. tlio sanitation of tho towns, by making sOmo provision for sanitation outBido tho boundaries oftho municipalities, Whoro largfo numbers of mbu' tiro congre gated,' and ?where lorao sanitary arrange mbhts should bo onforoed for protecting tho gbnoral health of the community. From Coolgardio and Hannan's, iu particular, tho Promior will 'havo reooivod ropreaoutations that thoro. is uo precaution taken outside the tern boundarios for protecting the public health. Tho n'ocossity for making this sani tttry- pVbvUipn' should bo looked Upon as a p'ubllb dity. No donbt Perth and From an tie have both .suffered from tho fovpr, which has boorf brovig'ht down from tho goldflelds— not throujj'i any inhovont uuhoalthineaa of tho goldflelds'1 olimitto, but simply from tho faot that' sanitation is uot duly attended to outside tho town boundaries; ' Thoso aro tho only t'wo items' — water supply and sanitation— that I now dak 'tho Govorn inent' to : fcfiop'.' their 'oyo bn, Wlien extra ordinnvj deinelrida suoh as I linvo indicatpd aro uiadci on tho: Goyorninont, I hoi-o tlioy will dual ?ffiththoin promptly. I cordially sup. port ; tho ' iheuiboi' for ' North'ara 'in liis agri» cultural demaod that something should bo dono.by way of i'orciug ubttloihont along the uUnrvHlluhda, of the Avon Viilloy, I will not detail tho House longer. I liope the Govern ment will tako.; the opportunity of roplying to what I Havo said, by. admitting the facts stated, i or by^shbwlng that thoy nro flotion. I havo Btrttol: what I boliovo to:bb a fair prpportiou, in my ostimate ? of tho'.rovonue rocoivod from thoso goldflelds, and I have 3hown that, bsflidoa tho gouoral impetus given to tho trade of tho colouyby those goldflelds, ivud tho Indirect rovonuo vooeivodthrough tho Cuotenis, afl wall ns t^o rail wny roveuue for goldflolds ? ,tiWIio, tlioso goldflolda havo foturnod to tho. Government a large diroot rovonuo from louses, licensee, Btaiups, and uiinera' rights. Iu roforonco to tho claim of; thesb. fields /for a roducblon of railway rates to ? tho ordinary lovel, I intend to table ft motion boforo long with the. object of doing, justieo to the mining com munity in the mattor of railway rates, by oriablinjj tjieso pooplo to havo thoir mining maohinovy and raw . matorlal carried to the iloldB at ordinary rates. I am sure the in oroaso in tradp and tho development of the fields tha£ ?w.itl follow as a consoquoneo of tho reduction in rates of carriage will moro than ropay thp Govornmont for any iramodiato loss of rovenuo on tho goldflold lines, Mb. GEORGE s I do uot intend to mako many rpmarka iti this dobato, whioh cannot, howoyor, bb1 cousidorod to bo unprofitable, bocauso so many' oxpqrta have givon us tho .bonoflt 'of ' thoir Bpeolal kuowlodgo and sup piled '?uo/wiljh )9guroa whioh no one has, yot pontrovoi'toil. . I'inusfc draw attoution to tho fact that thoro la not a quorum prosont. The Ciia^ani I find thoro is now a quPrum prosout, ., , ,.?,.,, ..Mr. .iGEOROBi I think tho 'Financial Stijtpiu.outjgiyjRjij'by.'tho Premier ia ono wo Pan all bo proud of— ono which tho Premier Bhould bo proud to havo had tho opportunity of delivering' to. thiB Houso and to the wholo world. It. is a talo of proapority whioh tho last yoar has givon to this colony, and it also glvos a fair picture to tlioso poraons iu othor parts of tho world who may bo looking with intoroat to Woatorn Australia, as to what this colouy has boon in the past year and what it is likely to bo iu tho coming yoav. Ono part I would draw attention to is tho. fact that tho old idea whioh was prevalent, that poraons coming . horo from, othor oplonioB or different parts of' tho world would bb viowod with jealousy by thoso who havo boon long in the colony, is now dis pollod, aud tho Promior, iu his statement, has shown tlmt we aro all ..desirous, of in viting and welcoming pooplo who may come horo from outsido to cast in thoir lot with us and holp ua tp push tho colony aiioad. Another' thing , I . must congratulate tho Promior on; and I was pleasod that ho had the courago to stato it so em phatically, aud that is tho faot that rail ways in pnroly agricultural districts can bo mado to pay in thia oolouy. Aa a roprofloniia tivo of an agricultural district, I am glad . to have hoard that statement mado on suoh high authority j and I hopo that tho Promior, fool ing tho full weight and significance of his atatomont on that point, will not rofusc* to othov agricultural dittriotj tho sazug fuoilitios^ that ho (incl his Govornmont havo given, ^^H tho consonfcnf Parliament to tho Bonth-wosj^M distrieta. [Mn. II. F. Sitor.r, : Your r^H way will not pay,] Any way, it ia a v«vJ| fair Gxpoi'imont for tho country to makoH and! bopo the country will mako a few inorfl such oxporiaionta. Whilo tho Promior wu:l speiikinfr, I interjected that tho ^O.OOO-wbicM ho proposed to voto for tho purohuso of adl ditional rolling stoalc wuri too amall a sum foil thorocjuii'oinoutaof. thoprbaont railways; butl ho aasurod me, with alltho weight ot \m poai-B tion, that thia sum waa all tho country couldB afford to spend at pioseufc. I was sorry tol hoar that. ? . . . ? Thr Puumieb (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : I did! not say that is all wo can afford, I Mn. GEOKOKi Well, I bo understood it (I nnd I think tho intorjootion I mado, thut thai amount wua too littlo,-WttB fully warranted by I tho fact that the railways in this colony havol not sufficient for working one half tho prosont I trafilo properly. Tho state of disropair iu I whioh tho rolling stock— including tho loco- 1 motives, tho trucks, and tho coaches— aro ia I now is absolutely disgracoful to tho depart- I mont; oud whon wo flnd that only ^40,000 is I put down in the Estimates for additional roll.' I ing atook— whon wo find also that it in almost' I impossible to got imported, goods convoyod'l away from Fronmntlo as tho groat rocoivi J ing depot of tho. colony— then I say* I my interjection was quite justiflod, anclj is dosovving of moro than passing note. I Thoro can be no quoation m to tho j rolling stock boing in a state of dispair that I I havo described, for if any hon. mombor who understands tho matter, or has ovon a little superficial knowledge, will take his stand near ' tho railway, say in Porth, and soo or hoar tho locomotives knocking and knocking as if thoy | woro old tin-kettles, or if -ho will go to Fro-* mantle and soo tho droadful state the loco motives thore aro in, and will obaorvo tho way thoy knook and mttlo liko old concerns, that practical observation will convince him that .£40,000 la far too littlo for tho purchase of additional rolling stook. Aud I say thia utate of things is a disgraco to tbo dopartmont which protends to Buporvlso thoso old loco motiveB, whioh aro tho vory things that should cam froight for making tho railways pay. Tho Commissioner of Railways may deny that this is so,, but the faots are thoro to bo soon. . The Premier (Hon, Sir J. Forreat) : Tho JE'10,000 is for -additional rolliuc? stock, Mb. GEORGE t Yos 5 but I Bay tho locomo tivos being in this bad state of ropair, .£10,000 will uot provide additional rolling stock sufficient for immediate requirements. It is a notorious fact that atuff importod into Fromantlo 13 lying thoro spoiling, bocauso you havo not snffiolonfc rolling otook for convoying tho BtufE up tho line to Porth and othor places. Two yoara ago thoro was a groat outcry iu this country about tho want of trucks' and the '?onsequonfy block at Freumntle, and when tbo Commissioner of Railways wont thero to bog tho stato oH 'lings for himsolf, Avhat did ho flnd? Goods woro lying, outsido th.o shods oxpo3od to ,tho woathor,' and no tarpaxtline ovon for covering thorn temporarily. Thon a. groat effort waa mado to build more sheds, and thoy aroayailabla.nowj ;!lmt.thoiniyorta:ha''/o been incroftsinff, and i\m sheds are filled with goodo which cannot bo conveyed away fast enough for want of railway rolling atock. Only, -the other week at Fromantlo, I saw hugo piloa oi imported produco which this couutt-y does uot yet grow in sufficient quart tity, though I tliink it will do-'so boforo long, and this importod pro duco wi s :inoovorod, without ovon tarpaulin* to protect it from rain. I aity that any proper managers would havo had tlw foresight to an'ango for tho oroefciou of aheda sufflciont fo'» tho increasing trafllo, in ordor to provont tho loaa and ruin that are going on now; , With re feronco to tne cost or constructmgnow railways iu this country, tho latest contract lot was at the vory low cost of .£500 per mile for construction, That ia a oiroumstance which wo cannot hopo will continue iu this colony.) but I ask the Government to consider that the amount of money thoy will save between tho actual amount of tho railway contract and tho amount of tho departmental ostimato for the work might bo fairly and oquitably devoted to providing tho requisite rolling stock required for carrying ou tho railway trafllo of tho country. If. tho. Govornmont can apply tho money in that way, I, for one,, shall bo woll pleased. Thoro is anothor Horn in thp Estimates for additional improvements to opened railways, ,£40,000. I do hopo some information will bo givon us boforo wo commence to debate oaoh item, aud that is au itoin whioh might fairly bo oxplainedt The Pkemidr (Hou, Sir J. Forrost) i Wo will givo all tho information. ? ... . Mb. GEORGE: Thoro is another item I would liko to soo, in eouuoctiou with tho Publio Wor'ka'Dopartniont— that ia I would like to boo in tho Estimates some item from ^irlil/ii. nmnTirtTiattt iavi nnnlri tin /Irnnrn tn/inona ivhoro tho uujust and stringont clauses of jontracts pross hardly on contractors, and tvhoro redvoss is out of the quostiOn, During this apasion wo havo had au attempt mado to bring into this House a notorious ;aso wherein a contractor has been doalt with unjustly nud unfairly by the Wcrka Depart ment. The man is now loft out iu tho cold, prossod by conditions which are absolutely unjust and tyrannical— conditionsundorwhici no honos't contractor can do justice to thi work and justice to himaolf, without finding himsolf brought boforo tho very man wh« made tho conditions, to dooido tho points at issue. This ia tho only country I know whew the Engmeor-m-Chio£ is allowed to bo tho solt arbiter on tho conditious ho has made in a contract, It is a scandal, and prevents a better tone obtaining among tho contractors for public works iu this colony. To' show how tho systoin opovates, thoro is au ostimate pre pared, say, by tho Public Works Dopartmout ; and ttio wholo roputation of tho departmental bonds boing dopondont on tho question whothor the amount of tho ostimato is oxceoded or not, thoro is no cn.ro whatever aa to what'oxp'odiont is used, provided tho work is kopt within the amount of tho estimate, but if oxcoedod at all, thero is something to bo paid which ib not provided for iu tho oatimatot consequently if;, by hook or crook, tho Dopartmont can manage to ocrow a contractor down, thoy do so, and it is nothing to iho Department if ?tlioy ruin him aud finish tho contract. TiiR C1U111WA.N (referring to an interrup tion) ? My conduct having boon challenged tthi» ovouiug for allowing auy interruption ?it all whilo a member is spooking, I shall fbo glad if hon. nioinoow will allow tho hon. niombor for tho Murray to havo ab nohito silonco during tho oontinuanco of his speech. Mr. GEORGE: Thoro havo been recont wnahaways ou tho South-Woatorn railway, and I would liko to point out that, in mak ing surveys for new railways, it would bo woll fov tho department to givo soino atton tion to roprcsoutations mado by tho 'oldest inhabitant in tho distnot' as to tho rain, fall. That authority as to tho weather mny bo looked upon by aldllod offlcow of tho Works Department aa being merely ft mythical individual j but, all tho samo, I say that if 'tho oldest inhabitant' in tho South-Woatorn railway district had boon consulted as to tho quantity of rain falling at pofiods, thoro would havo beeu givon to tho dopartmont voluublo information, which might havo provontod thoao washawaya. Thoro can bo no question about tho correctness of any of my otatoinonts becauso thoy aro Lasod on facts. If thoro is ono thing moro -than another that tho public works policy touda to fostor, it i9 that tho prosout aystom of tho department ia cauaing to prow up a huge system of day work. What ou ourth do tho heads of tho Works Dopivrtmont moan by it P Instoad of fostering private enterprise and encouraging n, raco of small contractors, who would form a nuolous of their own oovoral etaffa of workmen, and bo ablo to do tho oontrnot jobs let out by tho dopart mont in a cheaper and moro economical manner than the Government could do tho work j on tho contvavy, thoro scorna to bo a fooliug on tho part of tho Government to go on oxtondlng ihla policy of doing work by day M labor, instead of lotting it out in small contracts. Thoro arc, for instance, tho \- Froiuiutflo harbor works, about whioh wo hear / bo much j and I havo not tho ,3llghteat hesita tion in saying that Una work, if lot out to con. trevctora, would bo dono up to tho requirements ? of iho Enginoor-in-Chiof. But tho department / . prefers tho polioy of doing this and othor works / by day labor, and, by allowing it to go ou, this I Houso will bo multiplying tho staff of officers, who havo to bo paid lurgo salaries j and, what _ is moro dangerous, you will bo gathering around you a largo crowd of day workers, who way find horo, as has boon found olaowhoro, that thoir very oxistonoo doponds on tho ?loction or oontinuanco in powor of a party, or ft Government, whioh will pursuo a polioy of borrowing and sponding on publio works, in order to provido employment, at any coat, for tho crowds of workers at tracted horo by this dtmgoroua polioy. Wo have scon tho evil rosults of that eyetom in Victoria, and I hope this col ony will tako a cautionary losson, and will boar in miud what has boon tho mis'fortuno of othor colonies whioh havo depended too much on loan expoudituro. I know that, in Vic toria, iCOO.OOO waa spent on tho construction of ©no railway, and within nino months of its oomplotion tho Govorumoht suddonly changod thoir plan, and pullod up tho mils and sloop ers which had Iwon laid j and thoro aro now 18 miloa of earthwork, with bridgos, standing usolosfi to this day, aa a monument to tho folly of onrrying ont tho moat suicidal policy Of political log-rolling. I hopa and boliovo the P romior hero haa too mr.ch sense to allow himaolf to bo earrlod away by suoh influoncco ; and I do hopo tho idea of making tho Government in thla colony a bugo owployor of yotors whose toryoxistonco doponds on tho carrying out of a publio works policy at any cost. I would also liko tofioo aomo rulo—ond in thla mat tor soino oldor politicians than mysolf can probably say whathor tho idoa is practical or ia not, though I am porhapa too young a inoinber to spoak with nnthority and weight on tho matter— I would liko to soo aomo aystom by which oach Dlcotoral diotrict should bo ablo to ascertain from year to yoar, how much of tho public wouoy available it should havo Bpon t on works within its aroa, instead of tho peoplo in any district being mado to fool that, whatovor thoy may got now aa tho ' rosult of importunato solicitatioua by their member or by ,doputa Uoub, it ia givon to thorn as a favor. As far aa my own district and ita wants aro concornod,l Bftnfrooly say that tho Premier haa boon vory kind whenever I havo gono to him and put my publio requirement boforo him. I do uotknowwhothoi'itiaduo to tho fact that I liavo not askod for anything unreasonable j i but still I would liko to fcol that aa to tho district I roprosont, what is granted to it ia givon at a right and not as a favor, and not that I Bhouid havo to go to a Minister and importuno him into giving mo that aa ft favor whioh should bo tho right of tho district. Tho lion, mombor for Northam spoko of t^o incroasos of salary to various ofilcors. lam not an advocate of poorly.pnid (servants, and havo novor, as an employor, paid a poor wago, thoroforo I would liko to-aoo bettor salaries paid to good sorvnnts, and I would liko to boo fowor mon omployod, and of a bottor class, to oarry on tho Public Works Dopartmont. I would liko to Boe moro individual aotion on tho part of offlcors, and leas of rcd-tapo formality. I do not liko to boo, as it has boon my ill-fortuno to boo whilo act ing aa a mombor of tho Civil Service Commis Bion in enquiring into tho Works and Railways Dopartment, hugo piles of papor reforring to UJftttoraof routine, and what are thoy all about P Thoy aro about email mattora whioh an ordinary man of business would dispose of in ft much ahortor way. I any, put at tho head of a dopartmont bottor mon, who will know how to got through tho work oxpoditiously, with out piling up thoso heapa of papor rocorda, Instead of sponding £25,000 in building a now Bnprouio Court, wo Bhall, if this rod-tapo sys torn gooa on, havo tospond .£250,000 in building n record room of sufllciont capacity for storing thoso accumulating heaps of usoloss papor. Wo way, by tho way, havo to start a paper mill for ultimately grinding up thoso papor rocorda, which aro boing piled now in all directions. Thoro is anothor muttor. Recently tho Com juissionor of Railways e&llod; on mo to bless, in a cor tain matter as to which ho thought I was wrong] butt as I could not conscientiously ble39, 1 did my boat to do tho othor thing. I now ro-R83ort, with all tho woight I can, what I previously said as to tho way in whioh pub lio accounts aro paid in connection with tfho Worka and Railways Dopartmont. I say again tho system is a disgrace to tho dopartmont; and I any it without four- of contradiction. I my that, if tho Treasurer would only look into tho mattor, ho would oarn tho thanks of tho , oowmunity; for tlio f aot ia that, at present aftor persons havo dono work for that dopart mont, thoy enn toll whon thoy will got tho monoy. Tho oxouao may bo that tho account ia not passod, or tho vouohor hats been lost, or soino auoh oxouao. That sort of thing ooonrs moro particularly in tho Publio Worku De partment j and thoro havo boon soino groat in atancos of it within tho last fow months. Aftor I had reforrod to it in this Houao on a provious occasion, I found that ono of tho largost accountB was paid two days af torwnrda, and I bolievo tho Commissioner had himsolf inquired into that caso, Tho Treasurer would earn tho thanks of tho pooplo by investigat ing tho causo of those dolays. My remarks in this debate, havo boon addressed to tho Government, with tho objeot of showing how tho Treasurer's financial Btntomont has struck mo j and although many of us may differ from tho Proinior on various points, still our ro marks, if takon in tho propor way, Bhouid bo of coufiidorablo uso to him for tho information thoy convoy, and I hopo that on this occasion thoy will rosult in some good, . His Excollonoy tho Governor, Jtl,MQ : Mn. R. F. SHOLL thought sorao attention should bo drawn to this itom, and it appeared as if soino explanation from tho Premier was nocossniy. Thoro had been laid on tho table of tho Houao certain regulations controlling tho oxpendlturo in eonneotion with Go« vornraont Houso. Ho l'ailod to sco thnt tho provisions in theso regulations woro borno out in tho Estimatos. Undor tho Estiiuatoa a dork was to be paid 4J2G0, but that amount was difforont to what was stated in tho Regulations and tho gardonora woro also to bo brought undor othor control. It would bo ftvr bottor for tho Estimates to carry out thoRogulationo. Tub PREMIER (Hon, Sir. J, Forrest) do sired to point out that tho rogulationa roforrod to woro not yot in force, nor would thoy bo bo long as tho present Governor hold office. Tho E8titafttoa woro prepared boforo thoro was any resignation— in fact, Sir William Robinson was at prosont tho Governor, and until ho ro« siguod or' vaoatod tho position tho Regulations could not bo brought into force Tho expendi ture was really tho samo ns it would bo undor tho regulations only it appoarod undor differ ent hoadinga to what it would whon anothor Governor was appointed. Tho alteration would bo mado aa soon as thoro was a ohilngo in tho Govornor. So far as tho olork rof erred to was ooncornod ho really did Govornraont work, and not what might be called tho per sonal work of ft Govornor. Mr. JR. J?, SHOLL would muoh profor that tho regulations woro adhorcd to instead of tho old ordor of things boing rotninod. Tiro PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) omdhasisod tho fact that tho regulations would bo followod out in tho Estiraatos when ovor a chango in tho Governorship took place. It could not bo dono with tho prosont Govornor. Mn. R. P. SHOLL enquired who tho pro sont Govornor was. Did tho colony havo a Govornor at all P WaB ho gotting paid P The PnicMiun (Hon. Sib J. Forrest) i Ho is receiving half salary. Mb. R. F, SHOLL felt it nocossary to urgo an extraordinary foot- or at lonst it appoarod to him extraordinary in the oxtrome that a Govornor of the colony should bo permitted to boa director of a gold-mining company/ and also of ft bank. Ho know ho was receiving' raonoy from sovoral companioa, Mid now it appoared that ho was gotting half- pay as Govornor aa woll. Whon Lord Hopotoun, tho Governor of Victoria, wont away on six months' loavo of absonco, and was appointed to anothor position boforo it oxpirod, ho immediately informod tho Govornmont of that colony that he would not accept anything further, To my mind tho Ministry should at once telegraph its protest against the Governor acting on the boards of coinpanios whilo Govornor of this colony. Tub PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : His loavo of absonco was granted by tho Imperial Govornmont— not by us. Ho would liko to point out that thoro was nothing in tho Estimatos contrary to tho Regulations and thoso Rogulationa would bo onforcodna soon as a now Go .rnor was appointed, Sir William Robinson 4 leavo of absonco had boon extondod to August 16th, but tho Ministry had not boon informed whothor ho had rosignod or whothor a further exten sion of leave had boon granted. Thoy fully oxpootod to hoar something about tho mattor without delay, and ho could boo no roason to objoot to tho Estimates in thoir present form, whon tho Hvuso was assured that tho regulations would bo adhorod to in future. Mr. R. F. SHOLL boliovod that ovon now tho vote should be strictly in accord with tho regulations. Tho hooping up of tho Grounds and Gordons, and othor items, woro to bo takon out of the control of tho Govornor and that should bo dono right away. Thoro had boon an occasion whero a Govornor liad appropriated tho vote for gnrdonors in ordor to jftiy his domestics, and tho Regulations would prevent that sort of thing. Tnu PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrost) hardly understood it to bo poaaiblo for 'the vote to bo appropriated in this way, ovon undor tho prosont system. It could only have beon dono whon tho vote was, aa a wholo, for Govornmont Houao, without dotaila. How ovor, ho assured tho House that tho vote would bo in accordance with tho Regulations as soon as a fresh Governor was appointed. Item put and passod. Excoutivo Council, £256 1 Itom put and paaaod. Logiaktivo Counoil, -C2,U&i; Mb. R. F. SHOLL noticed that among tho inoYoasos was one of £60 to tho Hansard roporter. Was bo ovov-workod in that Chamber P Tnn PREMIER (Hon. Sir J, Forrost) i He has cortainly boon poorly paid. . Item put and passed. Progross reported. PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OP CROWN PROPERTY BILL. Introduced by Sia J, FORREST (in tho absonco of Mn, Bort) and ro»d a first iimo. 8ALB OF GOODS BK&. Introduced by Mn. JAMES and road a first time. PRBH'PASSES ON THIS RAILWAYS. Ma. JAMES, in aoftordftjjpo jwitb. uftUoo,. movod that a roturn bo laid on tho table of tho Houso showing i— 1, All porsons to whom railway froo passoa hftvo boon givon botwoon 1st July, 1804, and 1st July,, 1805. 2, Tho roasons, in each oaso, why tho froo pass was givon. 3, Tho duration of tho froo pass. This roturn'notto inoludo freo passes to railway officials in connection with dopai't ntontal work. Agreed to, ADJOURNMENT. Tho Houbo, at 10.80 p.m., adjournod until 4,30 p,m, tho following day. 