Neuis in Brief. Brief then-What's the news-KING JOHN Windsor Licensing Court meets next «Monday. Mr Jim Rowthorn sold at the pound on Thursday a horse for 7/. The gay and festive Gittoes, milk-vendor, has left the district tor Parramatta. "Outia," in the 41 Telegraph," badly wants to know where on earth Sackville Reach is. _ The sale of postage-stamps will in future be continued at the district post- offices un til eight at night. Young Tom Woodgate is very seriously ill, and has for some weeks been under medical attendance. It is rumored that a local young man had a very warm reception down the Peninsula way the other evening. Mr. Charlie McDonald, M.L.A., Queens land, was in town this week. He leaves for Brisbane this Friday night. Mr. Thos. Huxley, late coachbuilder at Windsor, Richmond, and Penrith, is now located at Charters Towers, in Queensland. Mr. John Osborne, editor of the " Aus tralian Star," was the guest of Mr. B. W. Cobcroft, at Newtown, Windsor, last week. Wild ducks and other game are very plentiful on the lagoons in the district just now. The dry season elsewhere has driven them Hawkesbury-wards. Mr. Marie, who recently purchased Mr Hopkins' farm at Ebenezer, is about to to have a brick residenod erected on it. He is a new-comer to the district. Either a hew bridge is to be erected or extensive repairs are to be effeated to the old structure at McKenzie's Hollow on Pitt Town Road. The timber is on the spot. Mrs D Robertson has been rather seri ously ill, but is now fairly-well recovered again, thanks to the efforts of he medical attendant and Mrs B Hall and Miss Brown. The roads from the vineyards to Bum merv's Hill, and from McKenzie's Bridge to Pitt Town have been gravelled, but a fall of rain is needed to enable the stuff to " set." If you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. MITCHELL and Co., Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeeper, v Amongst the visitors to town last week wat Mr. Harry Franks, the N.S.W. agent for the famous lynotype machines now used in several colonial offices. He states that already £20,000 worth have been sold in the colonies. Messrs Les Pye, Henderson, and Murray, rode on " bikes " from Parramatta to Windsor on Saturday afternoon, finding the road for most of the distanoe in a very rough condition. A local collector went out, after money the other day, taking a handful of accounts. He collected not a fraction, but oame back worse off by a couple of shillings whioh he spent at a village hotel. A new-comer to the district advertised recently for a supply of new bricks, but only received one ténder, though there are halt-a-dozen brickmakers in the district, The trade must be brisk. Mr. T. Bose, M.P, (who once stood for the Hawkesbury seat) having passed the * barristers' literary examination at the Uni versity, was admitted as <* student of law last week. Tom ought to make a good barrister. Mr. J. Liddy, of Leet's Vale, had a Brigg' Bed May peach ripe on June 5. The January rains caused the trees to blossom and leaf as though it were spring- time. Only a few peaches stayed on, and they were small but sweet. The wire rope attached to Sackville punt was broken last week, and this necessitated a long drive of about 20 miles round, through Pitt Town, for those residents of the other side of the river who wanted to get to Windsor. Says " Mudgee Guardian" :-" One of the finest down-country properties is tbs Bouse (Biraganbil) estate between Booty Hill and Windsor. The owners have had numerous offers for this beautiful country, but have so far declined. " The champion trotting stallion .of Aus tralia, Osterley, is by Childe Harold from Kentucky Maid, and is the property of Mr John Bobertson of Werribee, Victoria. The ohampion paoer of Australia, Mystery, Erby and Co. have finished their Wind sor sale and have dosed shop again, ( The Wesleyan Parsonage is undergoing a general painting, which it should be very I much the better for,_ 1 The Windsor Junior football team meet the Warrens at Norwood Park this Satur- 1 day, playing in the 4th Junior competition, i The cla8sio regions of the brickfields were somewhat disturbed late on Sunday even- t ing by a lurid dialogue, in a very high key, ] between neighbours. " One of the ooldest mornings for years " i was the verdict passed by many on Satur- 1 morning. It was certainly cold enough to ] make a frog yearn for winter clothing. Windsor Wesleyan Band of Hope Anni- ] versary will be celebrated by an entertain- ( ment on Tuesday evening next in the Wes- i leyan Schoolroom. Mr. T. Jones, who for a considerable j time has been suffering from bad eyes, is , about to undergo an operation, which it is < hoped will have the effect of improving his sight. \- j A portrait appeared in last issue of the ( "Sydney Mail" of Mr Thos Broughton, born at Windsor in 1810, and now 85 years old. He was elected to the City Council in 1842, and was elected Mayor of Sydney in i 1846\. _ . The price of milk at the looal factory has 1 advanced a point, and as a consequence butter has also ' riz.' Taking into con- , sideration the time of year and the scarcity ] of feed, the price, is still, however, very < reasonable.. Our Sydney advertising canvasser, who j is out on the warpath, writes that at one , big mercantile house in the city he was j shown the door, and informed that the firm kept a shotgun always loaded for can vassers. ( Mr. Mitchell, of Sackville, on Wednes day left at the GAZETTE office, all alive and , kicking, a splendid specimen of the Tiger Adder, captured by him at the Bullridge. It is beautifully marked, and its bite is said < to be deadly. j Contrary to expectations, the attendance 1 at the School of Arts has improved since ( the cold weather set in. Perhaps th« cosy fire which the caretaker always provides , has something todo with it. < Monday night was the regular meeting- * night Gf the School of Arts committee, but 1 as there was not a quorum present no meet ing was held. Messrs D. Holland, J. D. , Smith, and the secretary, Mr 0 E Broome, ( were the only members present. i There is some talk in town of inviting ' Michael Davitt to deliver a lecture in Windsor. Mr. Davitt is being invited to , all the most impartant country towns in i the colonies, and there is na raising of j old-country feuds in his addresses. , A looal bookmaker (unregistered), who will take 2 to 1 about anything, was sue* , cessful in "taking down" a Richmond ? sport in a wager on the age of a horse the . other day. The animal, which looked seventy, was proved to be only seven. In three cases at the Small Debts Court on Tuesday, before Messrs W. H. H. Becke, c P.M, and P. Butler, verdiots were given for 1 plaintiffs for the amounts claimed. An : execution order against George Bowman, 1 senr, on a verdict secured over two years 1 back, was granted to J. C. Fitzpatrick, With the advance in price of bread and x butter there has been a corresponding fall 1 in the price of beef and mutton, which can * be purchased at the present time cheaper J than has been known for some years. Car- * case bf mutton was sold on Tuesday at ld per lb. i Building operations are very brisk in t town, and employment generally appears £ to be more, plentiful than it was a month 1 or two ago. Seems as though times were 1 getting better; but people have got into the habit, from long use, of saying "bad , times-very bad," that it may be a gener" < ation or so before it wears off. Mr Harry Figg received a rather quee* 6 parcel by post the other day from Sydney, G delivered by the local letter-carrier. It was a box, which when opened was found to contain two fox-terrier pups, of the best * breed, sent along by Mr Bartlett, the £ gentleman who purchased the trotting- í stallion Era. j Messrs Horton and Co, seed merchants,, \ who advertise with us, describe in their latest catalogue a new variety of water melon, called " The Hawkesbnry Gem." < They state that " it originated with the t largest grower of< water melons in the far- c famed Hawkesbury River district, whose s melons are always the best that come into £ th^ Sydney ^rk j Mr. Haggar's cottage iu George-Btreet is drawing near completion._ Horse-dipping is as fashionable this win ter as ever ; all mokes, good and bad, are treated alike. Mr Tom Bu 1er, a member of the " Free man's Journal " firm, has been spending a few days with Father Hayes' The talk of reviving skating in town seems to have died a na' ural death, and the project is past all hope of recovery. Mrs Ewings, dressmaker, has removed to those premises;reoently occupied by Mr. Wilson, tinsmith, opposite Mr. W. C. Barker's. Mrs. Price, widow of W T Price, late of Bichmond, has taken up her abode in'New streer, where she is likely to permanently reside. Mrs. MoQuade, of the Commercial Hotel, is having improvements made to the shop adjoining the hotel, to be occupied by Mr. Geo. Hayes. Mr. Harcourt Masters has been trying his hand at ooaohbuilding, and has turned out for his own use a sulky of quite a res pectable appearance. This is the pig-killing season for the far mers and townspeople. Mr. P. Fraser had a ten months old pig killed on Monday, and it scaled over 260 lbs. Some poultry pilferers were at work again round the Terrace last week, and at least one resident had to count up some " shorts" from his poultry yard. Mr. Moses intends to make all his own fruit preserves for sale in his establishment next year. He will go in extensively for jams, jellies, bottled and dried fruits, etc. Competition between the railwaj busses continues as brisk as usual, but business is far from being so, and the wonder is how enough money is made to pay for horse feed. There has been an attempt to organise a course of University Extension Leotures in town for some time past, but the move ment now appears to beata stand-still, if not quite forgotten. If you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeeper. .*. It is beooming quite a usual thing for a number of cyclists from the City on Satur day afternoons to take a round trip through Windsoi and Penrith, and home again on the Sunday evening. Large loads of wattle-bark (Kurrajong wool) come to town almost daily. Messrs Busby and Cobcroft are principal buyers ef that commodity noir, and they have tre mendous stacks on hand. The old racehorse, Carbon, was offered for sale by auction at Bichmond on Satur day last, and failed to find a purchaser at the reserve price of £5. This horse was sold as a yearling for £275. A boisterous windstorm sprang up early on Monday morning, threatening house roofs, etc, that were not securely fastened. All day on Monday the wind kept up, mak ing it anything but agreeable for the towns people. A fine large sample of opossum skins were on view in Messrs Dick Bros establish ment through the week. Mr. Smith is collecting a number for the purpose of having them tanned and made into a travelling-rug. The reading-room at the School of Arts is now made comfortable and cosy for the benefit of members by the addition of a fire on cold nights. The convenience of mem bers is studied as much as possible, bu* still membership is slow to increase. The number of local carriers between Sydney and Windsor is increasing. Mr. J. Streeter is now on the job. If things go on this way, is will soon be necessary to shut up the railways and open a few road side houses between here and Parramatta. Houses " to let*' are becoming more plen tiful in town, and rents are gradually going down. A first-class premises in a good position in George- street has been offered at less than one third the price paid for it some five years ago,-and it is still vacant. It has been customary to omit from the GAZETTE Small Debts Court report all men tion of undefended cases ; but in future this course will not be adopted. Many people seem to neglect to pay their accounts until summoned for same, and then they evade publicity by paying into Çoujffc Qr refraining The Garey Company have settled down for the winter over at Wilberforce. The annual meeting of members of the H.D.A. Association is fixed to take place at the Show-ground on Friday, July 6, at 2.80. A number of priests from different centres* * including Father Tom O'Reilly from Parra matta, paid a visit to Rev Father Hayes, on Monday., " 3/r Les Carter, well-known in this dis* trict, has a flourishing fruiterers' business at Strathfield. Les has now entered the matrimonial state. At Limeburners' Creek, near Maitland, last week, the prizes to the Public- school children were presented by Alderman O Rowthorn, of Raymond Terrace, son of Mr J T Bowthorn, of Windsor. A Pitt Town Settler writes :-*. I have not seen any of those labor members yat who used to talk so much about village settlements as a means to .remove the un employed from the city." The University Junior Examinations opened at the School of Arts on Monday last, there being but three candidates-a marked falling-off as compared with pre vious years. Now that Mr George Terry is home again, local sports are looking out for another race-meeting at Box Hill. The place is Popular with race goers, and perhaps the [cGrath's Hill Club will draft another pro gramme. A local man of repute last week spent three days in Sydney, securing what he termed a good Joke. The conundrum is " Why does Sir Henry Parkes wear blue braces ?" It's rather hard, but if you cannot guess it-ask Tom Savage. It is understood that McGrath's woolwash at Penrith stopped work pending a con cession in railway freight on skins, asked for by the owners of the plant. The wool season is practically over, and the only work now is with skins. A Windsor musician was engaged to play at a social in Richmond on a recent Satur day night, and when he appeared on the scene the only instrument he had was a tin whistle. The oompany stood it for awhile, but eventually struck. Judging by the loads of timber which Mr Jack O'Brien is carting tiona the Railway station to the Windsor Bridge, extensive alterations are to be made to that structure. Residents on the other side of the river sing, " Oh let it be soon." A visitor to town the other day asserted that good and payable gold could be found just over the mountain at Kurrajong, but that the necessary capital to work the con cern is not forthcoming. Could it be shown that the thing is what it is represented, the necessary capital WOULD be forthcoming* The Board of Control of Wilberforce Settlement have, in the opinion of many practical fruit-growers in the district, struck a good idea in supplying the settlers with trees, and many people think it is the only means by which the place oan be made self-supporting. Although there are scores of farmers in the district who will tell you that " the game's played out," and "there's nothing in it," whenever a farm is advertised to let, the owner is rushed by applications. There must surely be something in it after all, or so many would not be anxious to take the fa ms. Constable Hatch, of Rouse Hill, wat thrown from his horse one night last week' whilst returning home from Riverstone. He sustained rather serious injuries to his head and one of his arms, but is now slow ly recovering-a fact which his many Windsor friends will be pleased to hear. Remark overheard in town the other night :-There is no necessity for news papers in Windsor, there are news- mongers enough." There would be a heap of truth in this, only the news-mongers generally deal with subjects that a clean newspaper would not touch with a forty-foot'pole. A ghost in the Newcastle distriot has been creating no end of excitement locally. Isn't it nearly time some of our own ghosts bobbed up again. There used to be several in different parts of the district a few years ago, the one at Richmond Bridge being probably the most widely known. At an important auction sale at Sydney last Wednesday of the original drawings and paintings from which the Picturesque Atlas' beautiful illustrations were taken, one local picture, & small but pretty view of Wiseman's Ferry, showing the old church, realised 17/6. . A group of N*S. W.vGovernbrsj including a «Píe^líorto^i 