Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Tsar, unlike his father, ventures out un attended. Two days before his marriage he and the Princess Alix walked out together in St. Petersburg, and made some purchases at a glove-shop. The snries of mvrtle carried bv the Princess in her bridal bouquet were from an immense bush at Osborne which grew from the spray taken from the Empress Frederick's wedding bouquet 36 years a^o. Since that date the sprigs for all the royal wedding bouquets have come from this same bush. Princess Alix, like previous Russian Imperial brides, on her wedding morn, was adorned for the ceremonial before a gorgeous toilet-table, left centuries ago for that special purpose by a former Empress. The looking-glass haR a frame of massive gold, and stands on a table of polished gold Dr. Hubert Parry has been appointed to succeed ' Sir George Grove as Director of the Royal College of Music, Rubinstein was buried *at St. Petersburg, with great pomp, at the expense of the State. The official report of the Parliament-hill tumulus, states that in all probability it was an ancient British burial-ground centuries before the Christian era, but was not Boadicea's tomb. A farmer named Daly has just died atClonmult, Ireland, aged 105. As recently as six months ago he worked on his farm. J. T. Hearne, the Middlesex professional cricketer, who is one of the fastest bowlers in the world, has accepted a profitable engagement from the Mahara jah of Patiala to coach his son in our national game, and give some instruction in cricket to the natives of India. There are 362 exhibitors and 1300 machines at the Stanley Cycle Show at the Agricultural Hall. Amongst the noveltieB is a bamboo cycle, which weighed only 221b., and had been ridden 1000 miles. A gentleman while fishing in the Bristol Channel captured a 401b. sturgeon. The fish was sent to the Queen, and the fisherman's courtesy has been acknowledged by a letter aud a guinea. An actress has just died in a London workhouse who, years ago, married a man worth £40,000, which was run through mainly by her extravagance. At a sale in London a Stradivarius violin dated 1701 sold for £600. / A strange accident befel Mr. Whymper, the famous mountain? climber, who had scaled many almost in accessible heights without injury. He was to lecture in Liverpool on his experiences, and fell while ascending the staircase leading to the platform. His collar-bone was fractured, ana the lecture had to be abandoned. A London widow, aged 87, died from a broken hearty through overstraining herself in fastening the buttons of her grand-daughter's dress. It was stated that such a death had only been known to have oc curred once before. Two young men were summoned at Swansea for damaging the communion-rails in a church. It ap pears that they were in love with the same young lady, and as she was leaving tbe church they rushed to her side, and in the struggle which ensued the damage was done. Since the publication of the Kaiser's ' Song to iEgts ' a number of male children in Berlin have received the Christian name of iEgis. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear of encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a successor would keep the apparition an ay. The dead body of a man taken from the Seine was identified bv a woman as that of her husband. She had the corpse carried home and placed on the bed 6 unrounded by candles. It was a case of mistaken identity. When the husband returned he was enraged, and, had he not been prevented; would have ' thrown the corpse from the window. An American has constructed an enormous magnet, - which, he says, would in time of war affect a ship's compass at a distance of six miles. At the Kimberley mines a strange discovery is Eaid to have been made. Two diamonds were found embedded in a piece of well-preserved wood, un earthed at a great depth from the surface. On splitting the block a cavity was disclosed to view, in which reposed aliving specimen of a tree frog. A young beggar, on being arrested by the Mar seilles police, was found to possess railway shares and othpr stocks representing £16,000. Thos. Sabin, of Eglington, says : — ' I have re moved teu corns from my feet with Holloway's Com Cure.' Reader, go thou and do likewise,* 