THE MINUET. (TBAHSULXeb .FJMJl THR" Fr.KJXH; OF GOT DF. MACl'ASSVNl.) "lean support great misfortunes •with equaimuUy," said l*eon liridolle, an old bacljf!qr,.repat<-d wiypticaL When a soldier on-tbe batlle-tield I stepped over corpses without eino lion- The cruelties of nature or of men inspire horror anf indignation, but they do not give that contraction of the heart—that shudder which we feel at the sight of certain small but touching incidents. What anguish eqaalb that of a mother when her child is taken from her—that of a man when death bereaves him of his mother? Their torment is violent; it rends and overwhelms, bat tber recover from those catastrophes as from deep, blesding -wounds. Whereas certain meetings, certain things, half- seen bnt understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painfnl thoughts, which abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of moral 6uSerine:—suffering which is complicated, Incurable, deeper because of its seeming mildness, more painful because of its impalpability, tenacious in its unreality, leaving in the soul a shade of sadness, a dr ip of bitterness, a sensation of disenchantment, wiich. we are long in casting off. - Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things which others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated me like sh^rn, incurable etiners. You will not, perhaps, understand that I yet remember and suffer from impressions so quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of but one; it is of long ago, but as vivid as if of yesterday. I am now SO years old; then 1 was young and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy of temperament, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I> had no taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. i was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about 6 •'clock in the morning, in the nursery garden of the .Luxembourg. Oh, that garden 1 It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceasingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of bright, blooming flowers, boarders of shrubs as exactly ranged as a band of collegians out for a walk, lines of magnificent roses or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this delightful grove was inhabited by bees. Their straw houses, skilfully arranged on planke, opened to the eun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths one met,their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful epot and its long, tranquil walks. . I went (here almost every morning and read, seated on a bench. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to the sounds around me, and enjoy the infinite repose of that garden of a by-gone day. Very eoon I perceived that I was not its only early frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a strange, little old man. He wore shoes with silver buckles, a long snuff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable gray hat, widebrimmed and furry, that made one think of the deluge. He was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions. His keen eyes were constantly agitated by a convulsive movement of the eyelids, and he always carried a superb goldheaded caue. The old fellow astonished me at first, then 1" began to grow greatly interested in him. X looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest be should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a series of singular movements. First, -a few light bounds, then a low bow. Kext, he cut with his frail legs quite a sprightly caper, and then he bsgan to turn briskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll way, and smiling as if to an audiencc. Then he curved his arms, assuming graceful postures, twisting his slight puppet's body, and saluting space with innumerable gestures at once affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. I slooi looking at him, so surprised at his curious actions, that I began to doubt the man's sanity. But suddenly, he stopped; advanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed and retreated with smiles and comc-uy kisses, that he threw, with nisi trembling hand, to two roW£ • trees before him, then with the utmost gravity, he continued his promenade. From that day I observed liim attentively, and each day lie recommenced' hie strange perform- ance. I experienced a great desire to rpeak to liim, and, after having bowed, I risked saying : We are having an exceptionally fine day." lie returned my salutation. "Yes, sir; the weather is quite what we used u> have." A wei>k later we were friends, and I knew his history. lie had. been dancing master at the Opera, in the time of Louis XV.; his - beautiful cane tvas a present ..from , the Count tie Clermont; and when .we spoke .of dancing, he grejv enthusiastic to such an extent that be talked without ceasing. One day lie confided to-me.' . ""I married La Castris, .sir. I will pre- *~-nt you to her, if you wish, butehe only comes-here later in the tlw. Th is garden., rou eee, is our pleasure and our life. It is all that is.left pis ofethe pasb It.seems to ns that -we could not iive if nrejiad it no longer. It ia so old^ so unique in its beauty, is it not? The air that I breathe here seems as invigorating as it was when I was yomtg. - K j wife and J jiatalation and love from.king and; princess, who had been courted and worshipped: by all in that gallant century which seems to have left in the forid an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the .air, and the bright eon shone through the leaves, .bathing us in warnvth. and light. There was no. one near in the garden. From afar came the eonnd of passing vehicles. "Tell me, will you not,"' said I to the old man, " what was the minuet?" ... He started from his eeat *' The minuet, sir* it was the queen of dances, and the dance of queenB; but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone ; the minuet baa gone with them." Then be commenced, in pompous style, a long, diihyrambic eulogy, of which I understood nothing. " I wished him' to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes 'of the dance. He tried, but became confused -in his description. Exasperated at his inability to -make his meaning clear, suddenly; be turned^ towards his aged companion,-sitting silent and grave on the bench. Elise, if you wish, it would; be very good of yon, we will ehow this gentleman what it was. : Will you She glanced anxiously around, then rose, and withont a. word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I -shall navar forget. 1 They Advanced and receded withchildish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along like two old dolls set is motion by rusty machinery, somewhat out of order, but constructed of yore by- a skillful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely moved, all my being overwhelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an ^apparition— mournful, yet ludicrous—the oldfashioned gboBt of a dead century. X wanted to lan^h, yet was ready to cry. All at once they stopped. They bad finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in the most extraordinary way ; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never saw them again. When I returned to, Paris, two years after,-the nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other days, with its winding paths,, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of the past ? Bo they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles ? Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet — two comical ghosts—among the cypress treeB of some cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moonlight? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never closes. I cannot tell why. -c Undoubtedly, yon find me absurd. For painting walls or other objects exposed to dampness, a mixture 'has come into extensive use m Germany formed' of very fine iron filings and linseed oil varnish. When the material to be painted is subject to freoueut change of temperature, linseed oil and Amber varnish are added to the first two coats. The paint may be applied to wood, stone or Iron, and, in the case of the latter, it is not necessary to free it from rust or oily matters. It is stated that cast-iron pulleys can be lagged or fagged with leather, trithout the use of rivets, in the following xnanner: First, the iace of the pnlle^-is bmsbed over with acetic acid, winch in. a short time rusts it and gives it a Teiy rough surface: afterward the leather is attached to the face of the palley with a cement composed of ona pound of fish glue and one-half pound of common glue, the result being entirely satisfactory. An artificial stone of excellent quality and adapted to various constructive purposes is now made by mixing certain proportions of Portland cement, powdered granite, blast furnace slag, and water contalningsUicateof soda. Xhe composition may be colored to suit the taste, A New Zealand conifer, resembling the yew tree, has been discovered by experiment to be remarkably rich in tannin, the percentage being 28.66, as compared with 21.18 for snmac and 8.65 for oak, and considerable quantities of the bark hare already been exported. To Test steel—Pour On the object to be tested a drop of nitric acid of L2sp. gr^ let it act for one minute, then iinse with water. On iron this add will cause a whitish-gray, on eteel a black stain. 