!'TBti5'-«fiiSyfi§D!B*. 'WE AV!BKS\AlND WEFT . ' (Continued.) : CHAPTER VI. ; ABIBl, BLACK VKNOKANOK, FROM THY \ ' nOLLOW CKLL.' October oanio and with it the inevitable! ,day which was to witness one roor'o perjury ; from ibe lips of. tbe bride. The wedding took' place at the little village church near March-; brook, arid Wa's' alto^etber 'a Very brilliant. affair, attended by all the rolaiivos oi tho, Clanyarde family, who were numerous, and by a great many acquaintances oi tbe bride ' and bridecro'om. Notable amone tbe friends, of the latter was James Wyatt, the*'Bolioitpr. .Mhobadlbeen employed in. the drawing up of j ; the marriage iSeUleuien^j^which was a mnstj liberal ono^end hi^hiy^ ^BBtjsfMtqry. to'Vis-j .coutj't Cjfanyard'a. '' . Mr. Wyatt madehinigelf, excessively 'agreeable at the breakfast; and i 'Wi's amaziDgly pojpnlar 'affiong tho bride maids. ..He did not long avail himself of. thel Marobbrook hospitalities, bnt went quietly, back' to the' town by' fail 'almost .Immediately) after the departure of tbe newly married pouple on' th^ir^h'oneyrnoop' trip to the soutb , o£ Franee. 'He had an engagement in Half-' Mood Street that evening at eight o'clook. ; The pel^Hbbrip'g elooks 'were striking the hourasbeknooked atthedoor. lire. Walsing-' tiani was qvite alone in the drawing-room,^ and looked onnsqally pale in the light of thej lamps. The solicitor shook bis head re-; rjrbaohfully as he p'reswd' her hand. ' ?' 1 This is' very1 sad,' ' he1 murmbred in a Bern i - pjjtejnal manner. ' You have been worrying: ' yourself. all 'day long I know. You are as pale as a ghost.1 j « I am a little tired, that is all.' I 'Yon hnVe been out to day I You told 'me jSv should not itir fron'tbe house.' \ '''I 'changed my mind 'at tbe last moment.] Any thing- was better than staying at home; keeping the) day liko' a black fast. Besides, I~wlDted~to see how Gilbert and his bride would look at the alur.' | 1 Youtiavo been down to Kent V ' \Ye« ; I w»'s behind the curtains of thb ..organ lotf 'ilia business was easily manj agWby bipbiib 'ofa sovereign to the clerk. I 'Wore my'1' plainest dreBB and a thick veil, so there was very little risk ot detection.' j 'n^Whaiif6liy!'!e«l«amed Wyatt. j * Yes', lt'rwa8Kreat folly, no doubt ; bat itj IB the nature, ojj women io be foolish, u And now tell me aboot 'the wedding. Did Gilbert lbok:vTery'h-p|.y V ? j \- He looked like a man who hag got' his 'own ' way, ' and who cares very' little what 'price be has paid or may have to pay, for! the' getting it.' ,. '?'?'And 'do'ydu 'think :'he will be happy V \ 1 Not if his huppiness depends on the lovo of his wife.' j ' Then you don't think she loves him V ; ''I am'suro uho docs not. I'made a' study. ot ber face during the ceremony and after-' ward ; end if ever . a woman sold herself, or was'Bold by hnr people thia woman is guilty- of such a bargain.1 ' 'Perhaps you say this to pleaie me,' said Clara, doubtfully. ( ? I do not, Mrs. Walsingham. I am con-' Ainc«d that this afiair has been brought Vaboat'by Lord Clanyarde|s necessitiea, and' 'iiot the' young lady's choice. But I doubt :wbether this will make much difference to Gilbert in' tbo Jong run. He is not a man of finefeelingd, you know, and I think he will' be satisfied with the faot of having won thej woman be wanted to marry. 1 should fanoyj matters wonld go smoothly enough with him ?o long as he sess no cause for jealousy. He would be rather an ugly oustomer if he took; ' it into his* head to be jealons. ' 1 '''' And jou think his life will go smoothly, j ' isid' Clara, 'and that he will go on to the end for his perfidy to me V ? ?Wbatgood would his punishmen' be to yoa?' '-' j 'It would be all the world to me.' ' And if. I oould bring about the retri button you desire, if it wer_e_ia my power to 'aveijgo yoaTwronga, what reward would you give me T ;-'r8hel^tiital«d^a'ltoonleDtf knowing therej was only one 'reward' bt was likely to olaim ^frbm her. ! 'If you wars a poor man, I would offer. you two-thirds of my fortuue,' she said. - ? '? But you know that I am not a poor ban] If lean come, to you some day, and tall you ! that Gilbert' Sinclair and his wife are parted ' lor ever, will you aooept me for your bus-' .baidP' i '- Yes,' she answered, suddenly; 'break *' the knot betw«en those two^let me be 'assured tbat he has lost the woman for whoso sake'bVjirted, and I will refuse you 'nothing.' t , !? Doriiider it done. There is nothing in the world I woold not achieve to win you for ay wife' 