KILMORE HELPING-HIAND MINSTRELS. -0 The above troupe, encouraged by the splendid receptions accorded them at Kilm* re, visited the neighborian town of Lan efield on the 24th May to Irepeat their performance in aid of the Kilmore 'Convent. A couple of weeks prior to the entertain i ment Messrs Hickey and Hogan visited Lancefield and were met by Messrs P. Gleeson, M. Fryer, T. Griffin and others who kindly consented to assist in making arrangements to ensurea good house. The minstrels return their warmest thanks to those ladies and gentlemen who so kindly interested themselves on their behalf, and to whose manage ment the financial success of the performance may in a great measure be attributed. The troupe, which numbers about eighteen, started in buggies, i waggonette and on horseback f om Kilmore about midday on the 24th May, and in truth they were a, 'happy lot, judging by the laughter and song which f proceeded from each group. The day % as nice and a warm, and the road in good order, and the distance I was accomplished in good time. After the ladies a had been placed under the charge of their. friends I the gentlemen visited the Mechanics' Hall, which a was soon placed in a state of readiness for the y , performance. A short rehearsal then took place, o after which the sights of Lancelield were visited, t and the cornermen kept their eyes and ears open n for subject matter for local, bits. Tea time soon I arrived, and all were prepared to do justice to the te meal The troupe gathered at the hall early and at y eight o'clock the" circle" was ready. The curtain .. was rung up, and in honor of the occasion-the :o~ Queen's birthday -the company sang " God Save ye the Queen." The curtain again descended when ,y the opening chorus of the circle, "'Old Folks at n Home," was commenced, the curtainuilowly rising te during the singing of same. Ili th`e circle were 'e seated W. Hickey, interlocutor; Reginald Walkerr" A and Will Cantlon, bones ; "Herr Fako' and F. in Bromley, tambos; T. Castles and D. Berlowitz. The Misses May and Bright Conabere also sat in at the circle and their fair faces presented a striking e- contrast to the blackened visages of the rest. The Lt overture was played by Miss Stirling, who through me out the performance acted efficiently as pianist. re Frank Bromley opened the vocal part with the h. excellent comic " Strolling round the town." Mr te D. Berlowitr again made a hit with " Across the of bridge," and the comic by Beg Walker, "I can't ty changeit," fairly brought down the house. T. of Castles was in good voice and did full justice to. le that excellent song " Be brave and you shall t, rosper" W. Cantion contributed the comic " Come down and open the door," the effort being: a warmly appl.uded. Theinterlocutor sang " Save e. my mother's picture." The finale was- " The m Question of Time," being a lo:.al speech by Frank td Bromley, and the varioushits caused much laugh. ter. The matter was, however, quickly settled by ;d the appearance of a ghost, in the person of M.. be Hogan. After a good deal of laughable by-play a. is, struggle ensued, and the "- clappers" were brought .- into requisition by Will Cautlon, and amidst roars: n- of laughter from the-audience the curtain dropped. ly The next portion of the programme was- opened by d, the Fan dance by the Misses May and Bright Conabere, two graceful dancers. The dance was. by loudly encored. Frank Bromley,.attiredas an old. as colored lady, contributed the comic -"The cat he came back." T. Castles' rendition of" Elsie:of the n- Glen" was deser edly warmly applauded. of After a short interval, the fa ce. entitled. "- The an Troublesome. Boy" was staged. the characters. being sustained by W. Hickey and W. Richarda:,n,. ter who were respectively old irimes.and Handy, the ke useless lad. W. Richards,,n made a good hit with: ne his part, and his comical mistakes kept the: en audience in roars of laughter. The arrival of WV. Caunton was the signal for another outhur-t, of. h- merriment, which. did not cease until the- curtain he dropped. on The next portion was opened with a. hornpipe by 16 Joe Morrissey, who uas as. usual commelled to, sh- re.appear. W. Hickey contributed ""-A Life uo me the Ocean Wave," after which the Misses May and its Bright Conabere danced the castanets.. In response ng to an encore the young ladies danced equally well a 00, hornpipe. ict The whole was concluded with the farce "Love os. wins the day," which. ws played at the last pet her formance by the troupe.in Kilmore. The dmfferent. ler characters were well sustained, and the audienco tn. were appreciative. Fed Iat . After the entertainment the ball was. got in. ost readiness for a social dance,.and the Terpsichor.an. ,k- lovers soon had full posseision. There were a. good ing number from Kilmee. to tho dance,, besides the: gh members of the totupe, and the good, folks of er- Lancefield were well represented. Amidst happi his ness time quickly passed, and the hour- for the es, departure 'came all too soon, the visitors being. loth Ids, to bid good-bye to their friends and face the cold son and darkness. The troupe arrived home safe y,. hey and highly pleased witkh the reception, accorded& mile them at Lancefield. the 