SONS OF FLUE. BY MI 3d BR ADDON. 4.ntJior of " Ltdy Audley's Secret"," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Oome," •'The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o;, CHAPTER I. A STRIKING LIKENESS. Th» meet wan at the fin and Whistle, it Mel bury, nine miles off. Rather* near meat —as compared with the usual appointments of the South ciarutn bounds—the ostler remarked M Allan Carew mounted a hired hunter in the yard of the Duke's Head, chief and indeed pnly possible inn for a gentleman to put up at in the little village of Matcham, a small but prosperous hamlet, lying in a hollow of the hills between Salisbury and Anuover. He had only arrived on the previous afternoon, and he was tallying forth in the crisp March morning, on an unknown horse in an unfamiliar country, to hunt with a pack whose master's name he had heard for the first time that day. "Oan he jump?" asked Allan, as he •orutiuized the lean, upstanding bay; not a bad kind of a horse by any means, bat with that shabby, under-groomed, and ov6r-worked appearance oommon to hirelings. "Can't bo, air? There ain't a better lepper in Wiltshire. And as olever as a cat. We bad a lady staying here in the winter, Mrs. Golonel Parkyu, brought two 'aoksof her own, besides the colonel's two 'unters, and liked this here horse better than any of 'em. She was right down mashed on him, as the young gents •ay." "J wonder she didn't buy him," said Allan. "Sbe oouldn't, air. Money wouldn't buy •uoh a hunter as this off my master. He's a fortune tons." " I hope I may be of Mrs. Parkyn's opinion when I oome home," said Allan. "Now then, ostler, just tell me whioh way I am to ride to get to the Pig and Whistle by 11 o'clook." The ostler gave elaborate instructions. A publio-house hers—an acoommodation lane thsro—a common to oross—a oopse to skirt— three villages—one Church 1 —a past office—and several cross-roads. / " You're safe to fall in with company before you get there," concluded the ostler, whisking a bit of straw out of the bay's off hind hoof, and eying him critically previous to departure. "If I don't, I doubt I ever shall get there," said Allan as he rode out of the yard. He was a stranger at Matcham, a "foreigner," as the villagers called suoh alien visitors. He had never been in the village before, knew nothing of its inhabitants or its surroundings, its customs, ways, local prejudices, produce, trade, scandals, hates, loves, subserviences, gods, or devils. And yet henoeforwdrd he was to be closely allied to Matoham, for a oertain bachelor onole had lately died and left him a small estate within ft mile of the village—A relative with whom Allan Carew had held slightest commune, lunching or dining with him perhaps onoe in a Bummer at an old family hotel in Albermarlestieet, never honoured by so muob as a hint at an invitation to his rural retreat, and not cherishing auy expectation of a legaoy, much less the beqnest of all the gentleman's worldly OBseBsions, oomprising a snug, well-built Souae, in pretty and spaoious grounds, with good and ample stabling, and with farms and Homesteads covering something like fifteen hundred acres, and produing an income of a little over two thousand a year. It need hardly be stated that Allan Oarew was not a poor man when this unexpected property fell into his lap. The ohildren of this world are rarely false to the Grospel preoept—to every one who hath shall be Riven. Allan's father had changed his name ten years before 'from Beresford to Carew, upon his succession to a respectable estate in Suffolk, an inheritance from his maternal grandfather, old Squire Oarew, of Fendyke Hall, Millfield. Allan, an only son, was not by any meant ill-provided for when his maternal unole. Admiral the Honourable George Darnleigh, took it into bis head Co leave him hi* Wiltshire property ; but this bequest raised him at onoe to independence, and altogether dispensed with any further oare about that gentlemanlike profession, the Bar, whioh had so far repaid Mr. Garew's collegiate studies, labours, outlays, and solioitude by fees amounting in all to seven pounds seven shilling*, whioh sum represented the gross earnings of three years. So riding along the rustic high road, in the clear morning air, under a sky of brightest Bapphire, jnst gently flecked with ragged cloudlets of fleeoy white, Allan Oarew told himself that it was a blessed esoape to have done with chambers, and reading law, and waiting for briefs; and that it was a good thing to be a oonntry gentleman; to have his own honse and his own stable; not to be obliged to ride another man's horses, even though that other man were his very father; not to be told after every etiffish day aoross oonntry that he had done for the grey, or that the oheanut's leg* had filled as never horse's legs filled before, nor to hear any other reproaohful utterances of an old and privileged stud-groom who knew the horses he rode were not his own property. Henceforth his stable would be his.own kingdom, and he would reign there absolute and unquestioned. He could choose his own horses, and they should be good ones. He naturally shared the common creed of sons, and looked upon all animals of his father's buying as screws and "duffer-." His own stables would be something altogether different from the drowsy old stables at home, where horses were kent and oberished because they were familiar friends, rather than with a view to locomotion. His stud and his stable should be ae different as if horses and grooms had been bred upon another planet. He loved field sports. He felt that it was in bim to make a model Bquire, albeit two thousand a year was not a large revenue in these days of elegant living and Continental holidays, and eoleotio tastes. He felt that among his numerous nephews old Admiral Darnleigh had made a wise seleotion in choosing bim, Allan Oarew, to inherit his Wiltshire estate. Qe meant to be prudent and economical. He had spent the previous afternoon in a leisurely inspection of Beeohhurst. He had gone over house and stables, and had found all things so well planned and in such perfeot order that he was assailed by none of those temptations to pull down and to build, to alter and to improve, whioh often inaugurate ruin in the very dawn of possession. He thought he might build two or three loose boxes on one side of the spaoious stable yard. There were two packs within easy reach of Matcham. to gay nothing of packs accessible by rail, and he would naturally want more hunters than had suffioed for the old sailor, who had jogged out on his clever cob two or three times a week, and had gone home early after artful riding and waiting about the lanes, or to leeward of the great bare hills, and in snug corners, where a profound knowledge of the country enabled him to make sure of the hounds. Allan's hunting-stable would be on a very different footing, and although Beeohhurst provided ample nooommodation for a stnd of eight, Allan told bim elf that one of his first duties would be to build loose boxes. "I shall often want to put up a couple of horses for a friend," he thought. The morning was lovely, more like April than March. The bay trotted along complacently, neither lazy nor feverishly active, but with an air of knowing what he bad tu do for hie day's wage, and meaning honestly to do it. Allan was glad that hiB road took him past Beeohhurst. Possession had still all the charm of novelty. His heart thrilled with pride as he slackened his pace to gaze fondly at the pretty white bouse, low and long, with a verandah running all along the southern front, admirably placed upon a gentle elevation, against the swelling shoulder of a broad down, facing south-west, and looking over garden and shrubbery, and across a stretch of common, that lay sloping between Beeohhurst and the high road, and gave a dignified aloofness to the situation, seclusion without dulnees, a houte and grounds remote, but not buried or hidden. " Nothing manorial about it," mused Allan; but it oertainly looks a gentleman's place." HA would naturally have preferred something less essentially modern. He would have liked Tudor chimneys, panelled walla, and a family ghost. He would have liked to know that his race had taken deep root in the soil, had been lords of the manor centuries and centuries ago, when Wamba was keeping pigs in the woods, and when the jester's bells mixed with the merry music of hawk and hound. Admiral'Darnleigh, so far as Wiltshire was concerned, bad been a new man. He had .cade his money in < hina, speculating in tsagardens and other property, while pursuing bis naval oareer with considerable distinction. He had retired irom nctive service soon after the Chinese war, a C.B., and a rich man, bad bought Beechhurst a bargain—during a period Df depression—and had settled down in yonder prettv house, with a small but admirable establishment, each member thereof a pearl of price among servants, and had there spent the tranquil eventide of an honourable and consistently solfuh life. He had never married. AB a single man he had always felt himself rioh ; as a married man he might otten have felt himself poor. He had heard Allan at five- &nd-iv7;»futy declare that he had done with the romance of life, and that he, too, meant to be a bachelor; and it may be that this boyish * B6b-r".jn, carelessly made over a bottle of Latiifr-, did in some measure influenoe the Ad uinar" choice of an heir. Allan's father and mother were of a more liK-r.-il mind. " You are in a better position than your father was at your age," said Lady Emily Camw, on her son's accession to fortune. " I hops you will marry well—and soon." , There was no thought of woman's love or married bliss in Allan Carew'e mind as he rode through the lanes and over a common, and across a broad stretch of open down to the Pig and Whistle. He was full not of bis inner self, but of the_outer world around and about bim, pleased with the plea- sant oonntry in which his lot was cast, won- I dering what his new neighbours were like, and bow they would receive him. " I wonder Whether the South Saram is a hospitable bunt, or whether the members area surly lot, and look upon every stranger as a Sponge and an interloper," he mused. He had ridden alone for about half the way, when a man in grey fustian and leather gaiters, who looked like a small tenant farmer, trotted past him, turned and stared at him with obvious astonishment, touched bis bat and rode on after a few words of greeting wbioh 'were lost in the clatter of hoofs. He had ridden tight so far by the aid of memory ; he now followed the man in grey, and taking oare to keep this pioneer in view duly arrived at a,small Tustio inn. standing upon high ground and overlooking an undulating sweep of woodland and common, marsh and plain, one of those pioturesques oases which diversify the breadth of wind-swept downs. The inn was an isolated building, the few labourers' cottages within reach being hidden by a turn of the road. Hounds and hunt- servants were clustered on a level green on the other side of the road, but there was no one else upon the ground. Allan looked at his watch, and found that it was ten minutes to 1L The man in grey had dismounted from bis serviceable cob, and was standing on the greensward, talking to the huntsman. Hunteman and whip had taken off their caps to Allan as he rode up. and it seemed to him that there was at onoe more respeot and more friendliness in the salutation than a strangernsuallyreceives— above sll a stranger in heather cloth and, butober boots, and not in the orthodox pink and tops. The man in "grey, and the huntservants were evidently talking of bim as be sat solitary in front of the inn. "Their furtive glances in his direction fully indicated that he was the subjeot of their di-course. "They take a curious interest in strangers in these parts," thought Allan. Two minutes afterwards a stoat man with a weatber-baaten red face showing above a weather-heathen red ooat, rode up with two other men. Evidently the msster and his satellites. " Hulloa 1" cried the jovial man, " what the deuoe brings you back so much sooner than Mrs. Wornock expected you? She told me there was oo ohanoe of our seing you (or the next year. When did you arrive ? I never beard a word about it." The master's broad doeskin palm was extended to Allan in the most cordial way, and the master's broad red face irradiated kindliest feelings. Yon are under a misapprehension, sir," said Allan, smiling at the frank, friendly face, amnsed at the eagar rapidity of speech wbioh bad made it impossible for bim to interrupt the speaker. ** I have never yet enjoyed the privilege of a day with the South Saram, and this is my first appearance in your neighbourhood." " And you ain't Geoffrey Wornook, n exolaimed the master, utterly discomfited. " My name is Carew." "Ah, your voice is different. I should have known you were not Geoff if I had beard yon speak. And now, of course, when one lboks deliberately there is a difference—a difference which would be more marked, I dare say, if Wornock were here. Are you a relation of WornoaVV?" " I never heard tVie name of Wornook in my life nntil I beard it from you." " Well, Fzn dashed,"cried the master, suppressing a stronger word as prematnre so early in the day. " Did you see the likeness, Champion?" asked the master, appealing to one of his satellites. "Of oourse I did," replied Oaptain Champion. "I was just as much under a delusion as you were — and yet—Mr. Carew'e features are not the same an Wornock'e — and his eyes are a different colour. It's the outlook, the expression, the character in the faoe, that is so like our friend's—and I think that kind of likeness impresses one more than mere form and outline." " Hang ma if I know anything about it, except that I took one man for the other," said the master bluntly. " "> ell, Mr. Oarew, I hope you will excuse my blander, and that we may be able to show you some fine sport on your first day" in our country. We'll draw Wellout's VVood, Hamppr, and if we don't find there we'll go on to Holiday Hill." Hounds and servants went off merrily across the down, and dipped into a winding lane. A good many horsemen had ridden up by this time with half a dozen ladies among them. Some• skirmished across the fields, others orowded the lane, and in this latter oontingent rode the master with his hounds ia front of him and Oarew at bis side. "Are you staying in the neighbourhood?" he asked, "or did you oome by rail thii morning? A long ride from Matoham-road station, if you did." " I am staying at the Dike's Head at Matoham; but I only arrived yesterday. I am going to settle in your neighbourhood." " Indeed ; have you bought a place "No." " Ah, going to rent one. . Wiser, perhaps, till you see how you like this part of the country." " 1 have had a plaoe left me by my unole, Admiral Darnleigh." " What! are you Darnleigb's beir? Yes, by-the-by, I beard that Beeohhurst was left to a Mr. Oarew — but I've a bad memory for names. So you've got Beeohhurst, have you ? I congratulate you. A charming plaoe, oompaot, snug, warm, and in perfect order. Stables a trifle small, perhaps, for a hunting, man." "I am going to extend them," said Allan with suppressed pride. " Then you're uoing to do the right thing, sir. The only part in whioh Beeohhurst falls short of perfection is in the stables. Capital stables as far as they go, but it isn't far enough for a man who wantB to hunt five days a week and accommodate bis hunting friends. Besides the owner of Beeohhurst ought to be in a position to take the bounds at a push." " I hope it may be long before that push oomes/'said Allan. " Ah, you're very kind ; but I'm not so young as I was once, nor so rioh as [ was once, and — the Preacher says there's a time for all things. My time is very nearly past, and your tim* is coming. Mr. Oarew. Whan do you establish yourxelf at Beeohhurst ?" " I am going back to London to-morrow to settle a few matters, and perhaps have a look round at TattnrsaU'e, and I hope to be at Beeohhurst in less than a fortnight." "Ishall do myself the pleasure of calling upon you. Any wife?" "I am stall in the enviable position my unole enjoyed till his death." " A bachelor, ah I that won't last long. It's all very well for a sun-dried old sailor to keep the fair sex at arm's length ; but you won't be able to do it, Mr. Carew. I give you till our next host ball for a free man. You've no notion what oomplexions our Wiltshire women have—Devon oan't beat 'em—or what a lot of pretty girls there are within a fifteen-mile drive of Matcham." "I look forward witb a thrill of mingled rapture and apprehension to your next hunt ball." "It'll be l»re before you know where you are. We btve post|>oned it till the first of May. We shall kill our May fox on the thutieth of April and danoe on bis grave on the first." "I'shall be there, my Lord," said Allan, as Lord Han bury galloped off after bis huntsman, who had just put the hounds into the oovert. A whimper proclaimed that there was something on foot five minutes afterwards, and the business of the day began—agoodish da? and a Ion; one—two foxes run to earth, and one killed on the edg* of twilight. It was 7 o'clock when Allan Oarew arrived at the Duke's Head, hungry and thirsty, and not a little bored by hiving been obliged to explain to various ppule that he was no relation to Geoffrey - J -<iroook. He had bssn too muoh bored at this enforced reiteration to make any enquiries about this double of his in the course of the day or during the long homeward ride; but when be had taken the edge off his appetite in bis cosy sitting-room at the Duke's Head, he began to question the waiter as he trifled with the customary hotel tart, a hollow oavern of short crust enclosing a scanty modicum of bottled gooseberries. " Do you know Mr. Wornook ?" "Yes, sir; know him uncommonly well. Wonderful likeness between him and you, sir. Thought you was him till I heard you speak." " Oar voices are different, I am told." "Yes, sir, there's a difference. It ain't muoh — but it's just enough to make one doubtful like. Your voice is deeper and stronger than his. And then after the first glanoe, one can see it ain't the same face," pursued the waiter thoughtfully. "You've got such a losk of him, you see, air. 1 bat's what it is. One don't stop to think of the shape of a roBe or a ohin. It's the look that oatches the eve. I suppose thats what people mean by a speaking countenance, sir," added the waiter garrulouB, butt not disrespeotruL , . . "Has Mr. Wornock any land in the county ?' : asked Allan. "Land sir? Yes, sir," replied the waiter with a touch of wonder at being asked such a question. " Mr. \Voroook is Lord of the Manor of Diceombe, eir —a very large estate —and a tine old house, added to bv Mr. ^urnook's grandfather. The old part is very old, sir, and the new part is very tine and pioturesque — and the gardens are oelebrated in these carts, air — quite a show place — but Mrs. Wornock never allows it to be shown. She lives verv saoluded, don't give no entertainments herself, nor visit scarce anywheres. They do say that she was not right in her mind for some years after Mr. Womucks birth, but that's eix-and-twenty years ago, and there may not be any truth in the report. Goneozorla, sir, oroheddai?' "Neither, thanks. Are the Wornooks an old family T' Q " Very old family, sir. Old Saxon name. Oameoversrith Edward the Confessor. " And* ho was Mrs. Wornock? "Ah, (here's a little 'itch there, sir. No- body knows who Mrs. Wornock was, or where she came from — and they do say she wasn't county, which is a pi'y, seeing that the Wornouks had always married county prior to that marriage," added the waiter, proud of his concluding phrase. *• Mr. vVornock is abroad, I understand. Where?" "luja, sir. Oavalry regiment, the loin South Sarum Lancers.""' "Strange for a man owning BO fine a property to go into the army." " A el!, sir, don't you see, the life at the Manor must have been a very dull one for a young gentleman. No entertainments. No staying company. Mrs. ornock, she don « oar* for nothink but muaio—and after all, sir, music ain't everythink to a young man. He 'unted, ano he 'ucted, and be 'unted, from the time be 'ad legs to cross a pony. A'herever there was 'cunds to be followed be went with em. But hunting ain't everythink in life and it don't last long," added the waiter philosophically, " Mrs. vVornock, as dowager, should have withdrawn to her dower-house, and left the young man free to be as jovia 1 as he liked at the Manor." " Ab, that may come to pasB when he marries, sir, but not before. Mr. Wornock is a devoted son. He'd be the last to turn his mother out of doors. And he's almost as ke6n on music as his mother, I've heard say ; plays the fiddle just like a professional — and the organ." " Well," sighed Oarew, having heard all he wanted to bear. " I bear no grudge against Mrj Geoffrey vVornock because he happens to resemble m«, but I wish with all my heart that he could have made it oonvcnient to live in any other neighbourhood than that in which my lot is cast. That will do, waiter, I don't want any more wine. You may clear the t&ble; and oring me some tea at 9 o'clook." The waiter cleared the table in a leisurely way, made up the fire, also in a leisurely way, and contrived to sp%nd a quarter of an hour upon work that might have been done in five miuutes ; but Allan questioned him no further. He flung himself baok in an easy chair with his slippered feet upon the fender, and meditated with closed eyes. Yes, it was a bore, a decided bore, to have a double in the neighbourhood. A double richer, more important, and altogether better placed than himself; a double in a Lancer regiment—there is at once ohio and attractiveness in a cavalry soldier—a double whoowned just the kind of 6 tie old manorialestate, tineand old manorial mansion whioh he, Allan, would have liked to possess. Beeohhurst miitht be a snug little property ; the house might be perfection, as Lord Hanbury had averred ; but when a house of that calibre is said to be perfeot the adjective rarely means anything more than a good kitchen and a convenient butler's pantry, roomy cellars, and a well-planned staircase; whereas to praise a Tudor manor-house implies that it contains a panelled hall and a spacious ballroom, a library with a groined roof, and a mn«ic-gallery in the dining-room. After hearing of iVornock'a old house, built when the fight at Bosworth was fresh in the memories of men, and amplified by successive fenerations, Allan felt that Beeohhurst was distinctly middle-class, and that his sailoruuole must have been a poor oreature to have found pride and pleasure in auoh a Cookney paradise. He jumped up out of his easy chair, shook himself acd laughed aloud at his own pettishnsss. " What an envious brute I am,"he said to himself. "I dare say, wban >Vornock comes home I shall find him a deoent fellow and w8 shall get to be good friends. If we do I'll tell him how I was gas wed with envy of his better fortune before ever L saw bis face." CHAPTER n ALL IN CAREW'S PEOPLE. Allan Carew spent the best part of the following day at Beecbhurst, better pleased with his inheritance than he would confess even to himself. The Admiral's Ohinese experiences had not been without tangible result. The hall was decorated with curios whoBe value their present possessor <wuld only guess, and if the greater part of the house was prim and commonplace, there was one room whioh was both handsome and original —this was the Admiral's smoking-room and library, aspaoiona apartment, which looked as if it had been added to tae original struoture, and whioh was built on the model of a Mandarin's reoeption-room. Yes, on the whole, Allan was inclined to think his lot bad tallen on a pleasant heritage. He went up to town in good spirits; spirit ten days in looking at huntingstuds at Tattersall's, %nd made his modest selection with care and prudeuoe, content to start bis stable with a stud of four good hunters, a dog-cart horse, a pony to fetch and carry, two grooms and a stable-help. The all-important business of the stable concluded, he went back to Suffolk to spend Ear.ter in the bosom of his family, and to tell his father what he had done. There was perfeot harmony of feeling, and frankest confidence between father and son, and the son's regard for the father was all the stronger because, under that quiet and somewhat languid bearing of the Squire of Fendyke, Allan suspected hidden depths. Of the history of his father's youth, or the history of his father's heart, the son knew nothing; yet, fondly as he lov«d his mother, the excellent and popular Lady Emily, be had a shrewd suspicion that she was not the Kind of won an to have won his fauher's heart in the days when love means romance rather than reason. That she possessed her husband's warm affection now, be, the eon, was fully assured; but he was equally assured that the alliance had been passionless, a union of two honourable minds, rather than of two loving hearts. There was that in his father's manner of life which to Allan's mind told of a youth overshadowed by some unhappy experience; and a word dropped now and then, in the father's talk, of his son's prospects an 1 hopes, a hint, a sigh, had suggested an unfortunate love affair. His mother was more oommunicative, and had told her son frankly that she was not his father's first love. " Y'ju remember your grandmother, Allan?" she "aid. Yes, Allan remembered her distinctly—an elderly woman drexsod in some rioh silken fabrio, always bit ok, with a silver chatelaine at her side, on which there huug a curious old enamelled watch that be loved to look at. A tall, elender figure, a thin aoquiline countenance, with silvery hair arrayed in feathery curls under a Honiton cap She had been always kind to him; but no kindness could dispel the awe which she inspired. '"Iused to dream of her," he Baid. "Had she a frightened voice, do yon think? dhe was mixed up in most of myohildiBh nightmares. " " Poor Allan," laughed his mother. "She was an excellent woman, but she loved to command ; and one oan't command affeotion, not even the affeation of a child. It was she who made your father marry me. He liked me and I liked him, and we had been playfellows ; but we should never have thought of marrying if your grandmother bad not in a manner insisted upon it. She told George that I was deeply in love with hiin, and she told me that George was devoted to me, and so we oould n>it help ourselves; and, after all," she went on with a comfortable sieh, " it has answered very well. I don't think we could p jsaibly be fonder of our home or of each other than we are. And your father has his b >oks and his shooting and his fishing, and 1 have my farm and my sohools— and," with a sudden eush of tenderness, "we both have you. You ought to be fond of us, Allan ; you are the link that makes us one in heart and mind." Allan was fond of them. Both parents had ber.d undeviating in their indulgence, and he had given them love without stint. Bu it may be that he loved the somewhat silent and reserved father with a profounder affeotion than he gave to the open-htarted and loquacious mother. That vague consciousness of a secret in his father's life, of sorrows unforgotten but never told, had evoked the son's warmest sympathy. All that Allan had ever felt of sentiment or romantic feeling hitherto, he had felt for his father. It is not to be supposed that he had reaohed five-and-twenty without 89ms commeroe with Cupid, but his loves had been only passing fancies, Bunbeams glansing on the surface of life's current, not those deep forces which change the oouree of the river. The characters of father and mother were distinctly marked in their acceptance of Allan's good foi tune. Lady Emily saw only the sunny side of the inheritance. She was delighted that her son shonld have ample means and perfect independence in the morning of life. She was full of matrimonial schemes on his behalf. Decidedly he ought to marry well, and quickly. An oniy son, with an estate in possession, and another—his patiimonial estate—in prospective. It waft his duty to found a family. She marshalled all the young women she knew in a mental review. There muet be good family —a pure raoe, untarnished by the taint of commerce, unshadowed by hushed-up disgrace—divorces, bankruptcies, turf scandals. There should be money, because even the two estates would not make Allan a rich man, as the world reckons wealth nowadays , but they would give him a respectable platform from which to demand the hand of an heiress. He could woo the wealthiest without fear of being considered a fortune-hunter. " It is sad to think you will like your own place better than thiB," said Lady Emily in her cheerful voice, " and that we shall hardly see you except at Christmas and Easter ; but it is so nice to know that you are in a position to marry as early ae you like without being under any obligation to your father ; for, indeed, dear, what with his library and my farm, there would h ive been little margin for a proper establishment for you." My dearest mother, why harp upon matrimony? I bave made up my mind to follow ycur brother's excellent example." "Posr Ted!" siehed Lady Emily. "He was in live with the belle of the season—a poor, foolish thing, with one long curl stream- ing over ber left shoulder, and a frock that you would laugh at, if you could eee her today. Of course Ted's chances were hopeless— a younger son, with a commander's pay, eked out by a pittanoe from bis father. She used to ride in the Raw with a plume in her hat— half a Spanish fowl—quite the right thing, I assure you, at that time. Ted was twelve years old»r than I, you know, Allan ; and I was still in short petticoats when he went off to China broken-hearted. Of couree, she wouldn't have him, though she said be was the best waltzer in London. Her people wouldu't let her look at him, even from a matrimonial point of view." Allan went to Church with his mother on Easter morning—attended two services in the fine old Onurch, which seemed muoh too grand and too big for the tiny town—aer loving heart swelling with pride at having such an admirable son. Her friends had always been fond of bim, but now it seemed to her there was a touch of deference to the inheritor of Fendyke Hall; but perhaps they liked him even a little better now that he was his own master, a man of independent means. He ascompicied Lady Emily in her weekly visit to the schools; he assisted ber in dealing out Easter gifts to the school-children, and distributed half a dozen pounds of the very strongest obtainable tobacco among bis male acquaintance in the village of Fendyke— village consisting of a rectory, three picturesque farmhouses, a stiil more pioturesque water-mill and miller's house, a roomy old barn-like inn, said to have once given shelter to good Queen Bess, and of between twenty and thirty cottages grouped in threes and tours along the broad, level road, or scattered in side lanes. The morning of Easter Monday was given to an inspection of Lady Emily s White Farm— that farm whioh, next tu her son, was the greatest pride and delight of her innDcent and strictly rural life. Here, all buildings and all creatures were of an almost dazzling purity. Wnite horses at the plough, a white foxterrier running beside it, white birds in the poultry yard, white cows in the meadow— cows from L jrd Candor's old white Pembroke breed, oows trom Blicking Park and Woodbastiok—white cottages for bailiff and farmlabourers, white palings, white pigs, and white donkeys, a white peacock sunning himself on the top of the clipped yew hedge in the bailiff's garden, white tulips. White hyaointha in the flower-beda. To procure all this whiteness .had cost trouble and money; but there are few home farms which give so muoh delight to their possessors as this white Farm gave to La ly Emily Oarew. She had aB much pride in its perfection as the connoisseur wbo collects only Wedgewood, or only Florentine Majolica has in his collection. It is not so muoh the actual value of the thing as the faot that the thing is unique, and has cost the possessor years of pattBnje and labour. Lady Emily would take a long journey to look at a white cow, or to secure Bramah or Cochin China fowls of unsullied whiteness. It was a harmless, simple, womanly hobby, and although Lady Emily's farm was a somewhat "costly coy, it served to give her status in the neighbourhood, and it provided labour for a good many psople, who were well housed and well looked after, and whose ohildren astonished the sohool inspector by the tho roughness of their education. No incompetent master or mistress oould have held oc in the schools where Lady Emily was a power. She cultivated a friendly familiarity with the man and witman who taught her cottage children; she asked them to quiet, confidential luncheon three or four times in a quarter ; she sounded their opinions, pluoked out the heart of tneir mystery, lent them books, stuffed them with her own ideas, and in a manner made them her mouthpiece. Intensely Conservative as to ber opinions and prejudices, and with an absolute loathing for all rLadioal aud revolutionary principles, she was yee, by the beneficence of her nature, more liberal than many a professing demagogue, and would fain have admitted all her lellow-oreatur^s to an equal share in the good thinsrs of this life. Her warm heart was full of compassion for th« hard lives she saw around her—hard even where tne condition of the agricultural labourer was at its best—and it was her deligbt to introduce into these hard lives occasional glimpses of a happier world—a world of pleasure and gaiety, laughter and frolio. Lady E'mly's Christmas and Whitsun balls for the villagers and servants; Lady Emily's May-day feast for the ohildren ; La ly Emily's midsummer picnic and harvest home ;aad Laay Emily's fairy fir-tree, which reaohed to the ceiling of the boys' sohoolroouc, every branch laden witb benefits —these were events which broke the slow mon jtony of each laborious year, joys to dream of and to remember in many a dull week of toil. Second only to these festive gatherings in helpfulness were Lady Emily'eooal and blanket society, savings bank, and mothers' meeting—the last a friendly, familiar gathering held in a Bpauious old building which had been a brewery in the days when every •oountry gentleman's household brewed its own . beer. Onoe a week, through the winter season. Lady Emily sat in the old brewery, with a circle uf cottagers' wives sewing industriously, while she talked and read to them. Tea and bread and butter, a roaring wood fire, and a briuht lamp, were the only material comforts provided; out theseand Lady Emily'slriendly welcome and plxaxant talk with the short story ohosen out of a magazine, and the familiar chapter of the New Testament, read far better than vioar or curate read it in Church, sufficed to make the mothers' meeting a cheerful break in the cottage matron's busy week. She went back to her homely hearth cheered and encouraged. Lady Emily had told her the latest news of the great busy world outside Fendyke, had given her a recipe for a new savoury pie of ox cheek and twopenny rioe, or a new way of making barley broth ; or bad given her a "cutting"'for her tiny flower garden, or had out out her new G-aribawldL Lady Emily had been to her as a friend and counsellor. The village remembered with a shudder Shat long dreary winter when the great bouse was empty, while Mr. Carew and his wife were in Eayut—ordered there by the doctors, after a eeri ius illness of the squire'*. Much had been done for the sick and the poor even in that desolate winter, tor the housekeeper bad been given a free hand ; but no one oould replaoe Lady Emily, and the gaiety of Fendyke had b>?en extinguished. 