[?] [?] ¥ 33 Y <C£ui UR1 5=— — TT AVING heard -during the week that Cumberland meant to hit up a few runs quickly in thoirsecond innings, and then have the Glebe fellows in with about 00 runs to make and probably get rid of them for 59, I was quickly off the mark on Saturday and down at Went- worth Park, anticipating the downfall of the -pots of the place. Just fancy, said I to mysolf, how the Glebe people will be sur prised when they discover the deeply laid plot for tho destruction of their braves. How sad they would feol as each man enme forth padded to face the terrible Howell, only to return a sadder and a sorer being. The procession would be camel-like, the faces of all the onlookera would .be blanched as white as your cuff. In truth I was prepared to Feel for them the profoundest pity from the deepest recess of my large heart. So off I wont to tho Park. There, sure enough, was the crowd, but the plot somohow did not work. The tail-enders of the Glebe -team weren't easily dislodged. ' Evontually, after knock ing up about 50 more runs,tliey wore all out, tho crowd looking. pleased to a man. The scoring board -showed Poidevin still not out 109, for which he was given a rousing ohoer, not at all undeserved. Bill Howell, of course, dropped him. at 99, bnt that was nothing, you don't make a contury very often without giving either a possiblo or impossible chance to someone. m Now was to come the Cumberland coup. They would knock up 100 runs in double quick time, declare the innings closed, and then carry out the. act of deatruction. It was a grand idea, a glorious idea. Two smiters, left-handers, too, lead off — Howell, the mighty mau -who once hit one of the South Australians almost out of sight, and the trusty Dowell O'Reilly, M.P. Well, to cut a long story short, the net would have passed off most successfully ' bad M'Kibbin and Newell not been on the other side. As it was they were inclined to capture the wickets, thus frustrating the brilliant efforts of die Cumberland men. One after .another the cracks from the ancient capital succumbed before the Glebe pair. Even tlio mighty Irodale had his stumps uprooted, and the unbowlable Walford was dumbfounded by the de ceptive curl of ono from. leg. The result . was a great collapse, and the Globe men left the field at 5 o'clock winning .by an innings and 4 runs. Thus was the dream of Cumberland dissipated. It was a fine idea, badly worked out. « The stock of the Globe lias gone up with a hong, and if they now can only whip Paddington the Shield will advonco con siderably in their direction. Among tho mixed crowd of enthusiasts down at Wont- worth Park you drop aoross somo real old landmarks, fellows who watched tho game when Charlie Bannormaa was in his teens, who speak of Jupp and liis contemporaries as if they wore tho champions of yesterday, and who talk of the Albert Ground as if it were the great Sydney- cricket ground of to day. It is pleasant to listen to the yarns they spin. After the Glebo had made mince meat of the Cumberlahders I strolled about for a bit of a quiz, and presently got into conversation with ono of those weather- boateu ancients. "Yes, sir," said he, in reply to some query of mine, " you havo no batsmen to day liko Charlie Bannerman — the best bats man, sir, I've ever seen." " Young Gregory, you know," said I, " is a great batsman." " Yes, yes," said Ihe old man ; " he's one of tho best bats in tho world; but bloss you, sir, Charlie. Bannerman was the best of thota all. Now, if you saw him making that pot off-stroke of his " His nostrils oxpanded o3 he paused for breath. Ho seemed inclined to go on for ever telling mo of old Charlie's best days, hut being desirous of hearing liia opinion on some of tho present day players, I adroitly turned tho topic to tho match wo hod just seen finished. " There is too mnch of the gingerbread about prosont-day oriekotors for my liking. The people make little tin gods of them, and the poor young fellows after a time begin to imagine they are Romebodies. That is tho beginning of the end, for onco a crickoter allows his opinion of himself to enlargo ho is markod for failure." " Don't you think you are a hit hard on cricketers of the day ?" "Hard1. I'm particularly mild, sir. Why, do you know, the first Intercolonial match was played in bare feet, and when I usod to play on tho Albert Ground there was no sncii thing as a pad, and the wicket was something liko tlie'opon park out tliero. I heard somo of the players to-day growling about this wicket. They said the ball did not rise high enough for them to make their fancy strokes. Well, when I played cricket wo wero always prepared to coino down en shooters, or to bob from bumpy ones. Anyone at all can kcop his wicket up on the wickets they now have." Tho old man paused, looking fixedly across tho expanse of pnrk land as if com muning witli the past. I did not wish to disturb his thoughts, and remained silent. After the lapse of a few minutes lie went on : "Yes, sir, he was a great batsman. My old friend Ned Gregory now prepares wickets for the young 'uns, tho like of which we never saw. One of the Glebe batsmen last Saturday, the runner, what's his name— Cowley ! Oh, yes. Well, when when he came out someone near me asked him how he liked the wicket, and he said, ' Don't like it at all. They keep too low for my stylo of batting.' In my day a good batsman suited his stylo to the wioket, and did not oxpcct the wicket to suit itself txj his style." " Then you think the good wicket bats men play too mnch at the pitch instead of watching tho ball ?" " Exactly. You'll probably find batsmen like Gregory, Donnan, and Bannerman, who watch the ball, make runs on this wickot. It is not half had. Butter to keep a little low than to bump and damage you." " What is your impression of the Glebe cricketers ?" "This young M'Kibbinhas agreat futuro as an all round player if he looks after himself. Nowell is a good club howler, hut I don't think ho will ever do much against first-class batsmen. His length is good, but there is no devil in bis bowling, and to get men of the Gilfon and Lyous stamp out you waut a bit of devil on tho wickets you now have." "What of the others?" The old man pnused, rubbed his head, and looked hard at me. " Well, 6ir, there is one player in tho team who is a puzzle to me. Yonll I con sider ono of tho finest bats in the colony. Lord bless your soul, he plays crlcke't liko an artist, and is class enough for any com pany, yet he has not done much in big matches. He's a puzzle, for I'm Bute he's not funky. Between you and ine and the bed-post, I think he's a bit lazy, and would improve a lot if lie did a half-mile slow run two or three times n week. He would also be a bettor man if he gave over smoking thoso cursod cigarettes. Take an old man's advice, sir, and nevor smoke a cigarette. " What about Poidevin ? " The old man's face lighted 'up. " Ah '. plonty of life in that hoy, and plenty of crickob in him, too. But ho's very young yet." Promising to renew the old man's ac quaintance and to hear more of his ideas on past and present cricketers , I left him smoking his pipe peacefully, hut as I moved off ho added : — " Strnnjjo thing nearly all the best bowlers in this colony come from the country. SpoiTorth (the best bowler the world over saw), Turner (tho next best), and Ted Evaus you couldn't boat by much. This young follow M'Kibbin turns tho ball well, and if lie looks after himself has a bigger futuro ahead. A big future, sir." The big match botweon the Country and the City will begin next Friday. The selec tion of the Metropolitan team is causing a hit of a flutter, as all are anxious to play, with tho exception of Alick Bannerman, C. Richardson, and Moses. Somebody who thinks ho ought to be picked is suro to be left out. But thon that's always the case. I think tho selection cominitteo ought to pick tli is team oil form, and loavo reputations sleep until tho In- torcolonials como along. There is no getting away from the fact that some of our best men aro only coming on now, while obhors have not yet started to run into their proper form. Taking ono con sideration with another, and holding with the opinion that this is a game in which a colt or two might bo tried very well, Garrott, Nowell, and Walters might bo allowod to stand down in order to givo men like Poidevin and Austin a chance to shape. On form Callaway is not too bril- liaut, but lie wants a lot of work, and tho more ho gets the better he will be by the time the big matches como on. Garrett is not yet quite at liis best, but I regard him a certainty for tho big teams if ho shows anything liko last year's form. The 'fol lowing team I'd liko to soo moot the country mon : — Austin Mackenzie Callawat M'Kibbin Donnan Poidrvin gbkoobt 1'urnkr Irkdalk Youll Kkllt East Sydney have beon blessed by tho Glebe for preventing the Souths from adding a point, and the Souths havo been blessed by tho Glebo for preventing the Ensts from adding a point. The Eastern fellows played up .famously to como off so well after going in ngainet nearly 500 runs. The draw was pretty oven, too. I have not been too lavish in my uttontiou to Jack Gould in the past, so I'vo been informed ; but now I will make amends by commend ing him to the selectors ns a good mau for the Now Zealand trip. His century was a tip-top innings, and Willie Richardson, too, showed tho ground members that ho is not altogether a stonowaller. Harry Robinson kept iiis end up for 53 not out. Harry, they say, is often seen looking to the east, across the beautiful briny ; bnt somehow I fancy tiiero will bo too many - big guns seeking places in the eleven to permit tho East Sydney Romeo to squeeze in. Rather a pity, too, for ho is such a jolly fellow. Paddington, thanks to the mammoth contribution of 214 by Alexandor Mackenzie, knocked tlio University men out. The Unis made a good fight, but they wore not quite brilliant enough with the ball. A. C. K. M. has been promising to make a huge score for some time, and now that he lias succeeded I hope that he will keep it up in big cricket. Mackenzie is the sort of man we want in our representatiye matches. He is a keen player, and I don't think ho liae a superior in the field in his position. May he go on and prosper, for he is a steady young man, not given to draining the wino-enp at unseasonable hours like others we've heard of. Mackenzie's beBt game is not td force runs — of that I am Bure. The Waverloy cricketers are on the war- path with a vengeance. They gave the Bnrwood won an infinitely worse licking than that, meted out to them by tho Glebe. Burwood, on a good wic.ket, made 63 runs ! Marvellous batting ! Nearly as bad as that of Paddington, though if Paddington had made 53 they would have won. The -musical Sydney Austiu and young Noonan were again in good bowling fettle, the boy taking five for 25. Wick Fairfax got 76 by rattling batting, shaping liko an artist; but then it waB in tho -second innings, and practically useless. If Wick can only knock up 76 against the Easts to-day thero will bo joy in the camp at Burwood. Old Joboy Bannerman has created a good impression in Rockhampton. The players up there are taking increased in terest in the game since the veteran dropped amongst tliem. Slioaldany of his proteges ever see tho light of big cricket, we may rest assurred they will not be stonewallerB, for 'Charlie believes in laying the wood on pretty hard. One of the biggest battles of tlio season will be commenced to-day at Wontworth Park — Paddington against tho Glebe. Locnlly, the opinion is that it will fie a tough match, and I think that about sums the event up. » South Sydney have netted another repu tation cricketer in Haldano, the ex-South Australian. The portly whoatfieldor did a good bit of howling for Manly on Satur day, and at once thought it would be better to play in big crieket, so to South Sydney lie hied himself. Somobody has to drop out to make room for him. Aspirants for places in the Now Zealand team aro very Humorous. It is to be fondly hupod that soakers will bo rigidly excludod. » » It is said that Alick Bannerman has notified the selectors of his disinclination to play big cricket this Boason. Perhaps Alick wouldn't mind the trip to .Maori- land. Two of tho Countrymen playod with tho Referee against Waverloy on Wednesday. ( Pay lie's 19 not out ineludod two 5's and two 4's. Dave Miller bottled three for 16, and uiado 14. Payne is a smitcr. A. C. K. Mackenzio is going strongly for big things this year. I'd givo a fow bob to sco him mako two hundrod against Victoria on tho Melbourne Cricket Ground. If ho wero to play with judgmont similar to that shown in making his 214, thero is no reason why ho should not do so just us soon as Gregory, Irodale, or any of tho othor top- notchors. An item from the Queensland Sports man : — "Mr. A. Atkins took advantage of the 'off day' last Saturday afternoon, and had his team of ladies practising on the Mechanics' wicket. Harry Boyle rendered his assistance at the bowling creaso, while ' Itocco ' had charge of the ' batsmen.' A match is soon to be arranged with another ladies' eleven. One of Mr. Atkins' 'fillioa' shapes remarkably woll with tho ball, besides being a good field and bat, and gives promise of turning out a cham pion." » _ Old Jack Blackham has" not boon picked to represent Victoria in the South Austra lian match at Adelaide on Priuce of Walos Birthday. Tho old fellow made a solitary single out of a total of 627 by tho M.C.O. the other day. Apparently John hasn't the ghost of a chanco of going to England this time. The mudh-boomed Johns, crack wicket- keeper of the Melbourne University, whom tho gods mention as one of tho wicket- keeping pair for England, hns had to stand down and mako room for Porcy Lewis. If Johns is not class enough for Victoria's best team, ho ought to stand a mighty poor show for Australia's crack oloven. Two pressmen were betting pennies laBb Saturday that Jnck Lyons would score off every ball sent down to him. The man who backed tho hitter won. — Adelaide Quiz. Oar old Belvidere friend Ryrie ia down witb the Western team from Bathurst. He has put ou a lot of weight since we last saw him, and looks as if be wero training for aldcrmanic honors. 9 Jack Mackel lias bronzed a bit since lio was in Sydney last. The rumpus at the Glebe on Saturday was duo to somo youths squatting close .to the wicket. They were asked to shift, and didn't seem in a hurry to do so. With mote pluck than discretion Helk banged ono of thorn on the nose. They then de- cumped, but, true to larrikin instinct, returned to the cliargo with blue metal. m If South Sydney win the toss to-day against tho University -prepare yourself for some big scoring at the - Oval. The 'Varsity should also score well if they go in first. » Little Jack HilliBr, of stonewalling proclivities, is running, into his old-time' form. Practice maketh perfect. ' Paddington are, I hear, giving Driver another chance. They have forgiven him. Merciful people of Paddington. Woolcott, of Loichhfnrdt, put ia a fine all- round bit of cricket against -the. East Sydney Second, when be took eight .wickets for 27, and than scored 51 run out. . Pat Duffy will bo able to knock the Manlynnd Redfern men into a cocked hat when the latter start to argue about their qualifica tions for the First Grade. Al. Terry, tho left-hand slasher of Waverley, -got in amongBt the Manly bowlors with his hurricane -act. Al. hits at anything and everything, and when blessed with a bit of luck scores very faBt; hut as a rule the oddB aro that he smacks one of the first six balls he gets straight up to an enormous height. Andy Nowell lias had throe innings, Bcoring 0, 1, and 1. He has been reserving liis run-getting for the match beginning to-day. M Tom M-Kibbin bowled grandly at the nets the other afternoon. He tied Noss Irodale in a -knot. <9 " Fulix" on the omission of his old chum from the Victorian team : — " I find that J. Blackham has been loft out of an Inter colonial match for the first time in 21 yoara. Why they left- biin out is patent to everybody, viz., he made only 1 against Richmond. Last season was about the very best in liis long and brilliant careor. Ho averaged over 80 for the M.'C.C., about 30, I think, in Intercolonial 3, and dis tinguished himself greatly against tho famous English team under Mr. Stoddart. This season 1ms just opened, and ho makes a singlo in his first try. Clearly this shows that he is entirely off his .batting ; there fore leavo liim out. What matters hia splendid triumph in 1894-5? Ho, I tell you, made only a single at liis first try this season. The acumen of tho match com mittee holds me breathless with admira tion." Wavorley scored 157 against the Referee on Wednesday, Boll 78, M'Elhono 20, Chave 20, Moratk 16. Tho Referee lest eight wickota foi\\_I55, Callaway 27, Cowloy 11, Mullen (retired) 35, Patrick 12, Miller 14, Payuo 19 not out. Tho Rbfebbk bowling : Callaway, nono for 21 ; Copo, Four for 51; Perkins, two for 39; Payno, none for 11 ; D. Millor. tliroo fov 10. For Waverloy, Malior and Terry took throe wickets each and Robinson ono. For tho vory lntost nniva Horn Melbourne, wirod from tho rooms and Unm Floiniugton on Monday night, soo tlio npnoiul Cup Inmio of tho Referee, published noxl Tuuuduy, All Oaiie-liaiullo lliil h. 7a Od. Sliaw nml Hhrows. burjr, Lilly whlto, llurtlolt, Uorbolt, &o.; Import pricos. Mick 8iy moss, Iloriu'k't.Oxf'd.tloo.ata" 