SPORTING NEWS. RUGBY UNION FOOTBALL. SWANV. FREMANTLE F.C. The above match, which was played under most unfavourable conditions on the Old Recreation Ground last Saturday, resulted in a victory for the home team by nine points to nil. The time was shortened by 20 minutes each way, as two junior teams were waiting to play. Fremantle won the toss. Kicked off by Elgee (the Swan skipper) the ball was well returned by Bedford, Brady securing and putting into touch. Thrown in, the Swans were penalised for off-side play, a Boram being the result. Kicked out of bounds and from the 1 row in Perkins's soured, and wound up a good run by passing forward. From the scrum which followed Elgee passed to Davies, who ran till blocked. He then passed to Forbes, who sent the oval on to Elgee. The latter player quickly transferred it to Davies, who kicked out of bounds. Thrown in again, and a free kick was given to Fremantle for off side play. The kick was by no means a good one, and Perkins taking the ball on the full ran in and scored first try for Swans. Forbes had a shot at goal, but failed to add the extra two points. in play again, and a fast dribble by Fremantle forwards sent the ball to Mason, who missed badly. Brady, however, was there and ra lieved his side. From a serum, Dartnall secured and sent it along to Davies who ran well, but was tackled on the line. Serum followed, and it was dribbled to Dwyers, the Swan full back, who picked up well and sent out of bounds. Thrown in, Fremantle were awarded a free kick for off side play. Dartnall returned well. Fremantle forwards here did some good work, tackling and dribbling splendidly, until stopped by Davies, who kicked out. Thrown in, and Day passed to Forbes, who kicked. Brady taking it on the full returned well, and Rowan following up very nearly scored. Kicked off again, and Mason by a fast dodgy run from half-way, scored second try for Swans, but failed in his attempt at goal. Kicked off again by Bedford, and Miss You securing again ran well and passed. The Swans should here have scored again, but owing to some foolish passing a force only resulted. Not to be denied, however, the Swans again attacked, and at last had the satisfaction of seeing Davies score after a fine goal from half-way. Perkins' attempt at goal was a failure. The whistle then sounded for half- time, the score being Swans 9 points, Fremantle nil. The game was re-started by Bedford and the Swan forwards putting in some good work,, with their feet. Bedford, in his attempt to stop the dribble, kicked into Forbes' hands, who marked and dropped for goal, but without success. Dartnall returned the kick out well, and after come give and take play, Mason secured, and got over the line, but the referee did not allow the try, and ordered a five yards scrum. Elgee secured and passed rather wildly to Brady, who missed and charged rather heavily against Forbes. On an appeal a free kick was awarded Fremantle for rough play. Perkins securing, sent the ball well into the Fremantle 25. Following up he secured again, and was almost in when stopped by Forbes. A scrum followed, and the ball was passed to Brady, who ran well, but was penalised for a throw forward. Another serum and Fremantle marked, but the ball was recalled, as a man was off-side when the kick was taken. Mason, Brady, Davies, and Elgee here put in some good work, but could not break through the stubborn defence of the Fremantle backs, who tackled splendidly. The Swans' passing at this stage was very pretty, but the wet ball was very much against any really good play. A free kick was soon after given to Swans for the ball being handled in the " scrum." The kick was a failure and Fre- manga men getting on a fast dribble took the ball to Dwyer, the fall back, who relieved his side in fine style. The whistle soon afterwards sounded for time, leaving the Swans victors by 9 points to nil. Fremantle played up splendidly in the second half and on several occasions nearly scored, but the Swans' defence was too good. They were in better condition than the Swans, but lacked combination, with a little drilling, however, they would soon improve and would be pretty hard to beat. Bethel was missed among the back division, where he was badly wanted, especially in the first half. Alan Wardle whose little shots at goal are very pretty. The best player for the Swans was certainly Mason, whose running was splendid. Draper and Parkins also did excellent work. Mr. Moorehouse, as referee, gave universal satisfaction. INTERCOLONIAL SPORTING NEWS. [BY AVOIRDUPOIS.] MELBOURNE, July 2. It's a patent and incontrovertible fact that a revival is setting in in Victoria with regard to horse racing. A few months ago things were in a parlous state in this connection ; but latterly the fields have got larger, the attendances have become greater, and a more healthy state of things generally has been inaugurated. Perhaps it is because the legisla- tion of the totalisator appears to room in the immediate future ; as we are all agreed- all, of course, except the genus bookmaker-that it is the fairest system of wagering that can be indulged in. The totalisator doesn't "stiffen" horses, or start others for the mere sake of " blocking " dangerous contestants. Some of our leading bookmakers are dead against the introduction of the machine into the colony ; but for the life of me I fail to see how it could possibly affect them if not for good; It would doubtless clear away a number of (so called) bookmakers ; but the solid men of the ring-like Alf. Josephs, Humphrey Oxenham, " The Count," and scores of others I could name will always be wanted to do business with by heavy backers. As a matter of fast the totalisator has caused quite a new development of late years in New Zealand. There the bookmakers do business against the machine at totalisator odds only, of course, nominating a 10 or 12 to 1 maximum on the majority of events. And now the owners who want to have 1859 or 1860 on their horses do not put it all on the totalisators where the public help them to cut down the odds, but place half of it in the totalisator and half with the bookmakers. For instance, supposing a man wanted to put £80 on his horse for a certain event, where there were a dozen or so starters, and where the gross total of investments amounted to £800 say, another £30 of which was contributed by the public supporting the neddy the owner wanted to back. If be placed his £880 in the totalisator he would bring the gross total up to 1888-9 (with 666 on his horse and reduce the original odds of 9 to 1 (16-20 to 680) to exactly one-half 9 to 2. Whereas if be put only 2640 into the totalisator and wagered the other 2640 with the bookmakers he would get at the rate of 6 to 1 for his money. One way his 680 would only return him £360 profit, the other way he would benefit £480 by the transaction. Better still would it be for him to eschew wagering on the machine altogether, and to plank the whole £880 down with the bookies at the totalisator odds which would then be 9 to 1, or a net gain to him of £720. Of course in these examples I have left the question of totalisa- tor commission outside consideration altogether. So that you see it would not be to the interest of owners of horses who wanted to back them (and how many are there but what do?) for the gentle bookmaker to be improved out of existence, whilst at the same time the totalisator is a great boon to the general public, as it ensor 38 them getting legitimate odds. That's how I have fixed the matter up with regard to the totalisator. Talking about legitimate odds, have you ever studied the facts and figures connected with doubles on two events like the Caulfield Cup and the Melbourne Cup? When the books opened on these events they tried to get business at £1,000 to £2; but the public wouldn't bite at that price, and so they expanded the odds to £1,000 to 281. Now, there were 154 horses entered for the Caul- field Cap, and 149 for the Melbourne Cup, and as 154 multiplied by 149 amounts to 22,946, it stands to reason that a bookmaker could (were he only lucky enough), lay twenty-two thousand nine hundred and forty five doubles, and then have a " skinner." The weights for the Caulfield Cap and Melbourne Cup have been scanned by the noble army of pressmen, and a number of them have delivered themselves oracularly as to their likes and dislikes. A large number of the no sensations being entered for both Cups it is mere matter for conjecture which event they will be despatched for and in this connection as Preston had only been allotted 8st. 7lb. in each, I certainly prefer his chance before any of the others. After Preston I fancy Ascot Vale, Buin, Damper, Davon, Elswick, Nada, Ruenalf and Tullamore are favourably treated in the Caulfield Cup. Preston is exceedingly well-in in the Melbourne Cup as well, so are Atlas, Bruin, Devon, Liundreis, Nada, Raena'f, Taranaki, and the Trier and I fancy from amongst that crowd the winner will come. " Ribbleden," of the Australasian, does not deal with the Melbourne Cup, but for the Caulfield Cup he picks out Eiridaforde, Brain, Dreamland, Elswick, Music, Vanitas, Hopscotch, Burrabari, Tullamore, Brilliant, and J. H. Davis's best as being likely to furnish the winner. .. Asmodeus," of the Leader, nominates for the Melbourne Cup, Carnage, Rae half, Bruin, IalanthuB, Taranaki, Laundress, with a special reservation in favour of Ruenalf and Bruin ; whilst for the Caulfield Cup he pins his faith to Ruenalf, Atlas, Best Bower, Bruin, Els wick, Taranaki. I notice that on Sunday, 24th June, there arrived from New Zealand at Sydney by the Manapouri the racehorses St. Patrick, Doris, and Royal Rose. Royal Rosa is a four-year old (rising five horse by King Cole from Rosalind, and is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at 8st. lib. He will be trained therefore by George Wright. And mentioning George Wright's name re- minds me that astute New Zealand trainer has a number of approved good ones under his care, including a Derby colt named Oaculator (by Hotchkiss from Puugawera were). He was amongst the runners in the Canterbury Park (N.S.W.) Park Stakes on the 23rd ultimo, and was a good deal fancied when the wagering opened on that event ; but, after dwelling at the post, he ran in the rear for the greater part of the distance. He displayed any amount of pace towards the latter end of the tryst though, and it evidently worth following. Oaculator is in the Melbourne Cup at 6st. 10lb. A very curious turf action has been engag- ing the attention of Equity Judge Owen in the Sydney law courts for some days pass The plaintiff, Mrs. A. J. Brady, asked for a decree declaring that as she was half owner in Ruenalf with Mr. Edward Keys, the trainer of that horse, she was entitled to receive half of the sum of £3,92, the amount of money (half the first prize) which the drawer of Ruenalf in a consultation sweep had paid to Kays in consideration of that horse winning the Spring Handicap at Rand- wick last September. Keys did not attempt to deny Mrs. Brady's half ownership of the horse, but contended that the money was laid to him as trainer of the horse, and not as owner. The Judge, after dwelling on the contradictory nature of the evidence, said that the documentary proof seemed to indicate that Mr. A. J. Brady, the husband of Mrs. B lady, had really been part owner of the horse, and not his wife and that bring so, as the wife had sued he would have to dismiss the suit. But how about the poor beggar (P who had to give half the prize away to secure the other half ? I am mainly ignorant whether you have that turf pest, the " tots " shop, in existence over West yet; but if you have escaped it hitherto it will attempt to acclimatise itself shortly, never fear. There are not a great number in and around Melbourne, albeit far too many ; but in Sydney and its environs they are a frightful nuisance, and even menace to society. Take this as an example : Last Saturday week ten constables raided a shop at 185, Regent-street, Redfern (a suburb of Sydney), and arrested eight persons, two of whom were women (one 68 years of age and the other 58) and a little girl of 10 or 12, grandaughter to the elder woman. The child was subsequently released. A printing press and a quantity of betting paraphernalia were seized. The owner of the shop, John Maher, a tobacconist, who was only the previous Tuesday fined £85 for laying doubles, was charged with being the keeper of a common betting house, and the other six were charged with being found in a betting house without lawful excuse. In Melbourne three months hard labour or a fine of 10 would have been their portion. But only fancy, grand-mother and grand- daughter gambling on, the late " " The more the football season progresses the greater becomes the certainty of the decision of the premiership rea ting between Geelong and Melbourne this season. Melbourne have not been premiers since 1876, while Geelong have not attained the pride of place since 1186\. During the nine seasons between 1877 and 1886, the Pivotonians were seven times first, once second and once third. They are going powerful strong again this season too, as up to the present in eight matches they have notched 3 goals and only had 19 kicked against them. As exemplifying their goal kicking dexterity it may be mentioned that whilst securing 73 goals they have only kicked 89 behinds. Their goals have been gained by eleven forwards, Decoit being top with 25, then coming in order ; James 16, H. McShane 14, and Lockwood 4. They tried recruit named Murphy against Williamstown on Saturday, and in his first venture he secured three goals out of the nine obtained by his side There have been rumours of grave dissatisfaction in the Geelong ranks of late, but I am glad to be able to state that the atmosphere is clearing in this respect, the football barometer now pointing to " set fair." It appears a number of the team wanted certain players to be included in the first twenty, and the selection committee could not see their way clear to leave other men out for them, although they were decidedly inferior as players. As I told some of the Geelong lads the other day, it is had policy to change a winning team. It is quite possible to strengthen the play at a cost of weakening the organisation. Moral: When you are winning leave well alone. Melbourne have routed the seven opposers they have encountered this season, and how are their admirers " sounding the loud tim- bred !" You should hear their cackle. " They will simply waltz over Geelong ; they have such a wonderful ' ruck,' and Geelong have no track at all; so that the Reds have only to make it a 'ruck' game when they meet on the 27th a thing as easy as kiss hands and Geelong won't stand the ghost of a show against them." Dear old Melbourne 'Twas every thus. Only let their team win half-a-dozen games or so, and-whoop there was no standing their supporters until they experienced a reverse-a kind of a " flash left" right on the "nozzle," so to speak and then hey, presto ! a change would come o'er the spirit of the scene. Mind you when they are playing a winning game they are hard customers to oppose, but once get in a good pile-driver on them and wallop they go, hunting for grass immediately. That has been my experience of the Melbourne Football Club ever since its formation. They have piled up 60 goals this season in their seven matches, and lost only 28, an extremely creditable average, though not nearly so good as Geelong's. The 60 goals have been divided amongst 14 goal kickers, Roche being top with 14, Girdlestone (9), McCarthy (8), McGuiness (7), Mood'e (6), and Moysey (4) following in order. Fitzroy are third on the list with 5 wins, 1 lose, and 2 draws, Collingwood coming next with 5 wins and 3 losses. After these four Essendon (3 wins, 3 losses, 1 draw), Williamstown (3 wins, 3 losses, 1 draw), and South Melbourne (4 wins and 4 IOSBAB) stand on equality for fifth place. "How have the mighty fallen!" Last season Essendon might have stood against the football world. Now, none so poor as do them reverence. So, so ! Only another exemplification of the fact that 'the battery to be a living less than a dead lion, my masters. 