STAGE, SONG AND SHOW The Fisk Jubilee Singers appeared again last night at the Centenary Hall, which was crowded. The programme comprised many of the moat popular choruses -and solos, which were cordially applauded. On account of tho largo houses which the company has drawn during their present short season, whioh waa to have finished yesterday, Mr. M'Adoo has decided to giro another con cert tn-night. This will be the Jubilee Singers' last appearance in Sydney before their departure for a trip to South Africa and Eastern parts. To-night's audience wiil be permitted to choose items which they desire the singois to render. Tho ghosts entertainment at tho Royal Standard is a very good one and very realistic, and will bo still more realistic if the public patroniso it in' tho way thoy have been doing. Last night theatrical managers stored up a rich harvest, and had the play-houses been capable of expansion hundreds of disap pointed ones would have gained the admit tance so eagerly sought. Shortly after half-past 7 it was found necessary to stop the sale of tickets at tho doors of Her Majesty's Thoatro, where "Faust" do- lightod an immense gathering. Ac tho Lycourr. Therge, whore tho admirably, written Uplay "An Ideal Hnsband" is the attraction, there was an audienco that packed the place even to the limits of standing room. By half-past 7 tho "houso fall" sign was hanging on the onter walls oi tho Theatre Royal, and an expression of intense and fathomless joy had settled upon the face of James Moore, At the Opera House a large audienco dis played warm appreciation of Mr. W. P. Morrison's Lyric Operatic and Variety Company, tho members of which gave an excellent entertainment. As for the Tivoli, thero was not even a chance of ap proaching the auditorium after half-past 7 o'clock, at wnich hour a wild-eyed multi tude with money in its hand rushed the window and filled the office with silver shekels until Harry Rickards had to be dug out. The Opera Houso rang with the plaudits of a great audience last night, and thus early in its existence in this city the Lyrio Oporatio and Variety Company has evi dently established a reputation which should bring tho old theatrical honse to tho fore with a bound. |A delightful programme, harmonious and amusing, roused the huarors to a state of enthusiasm, and Miss Leslie's effective rendition of "Whisper and 1 Shall Hear" was hoard jin dead silence nntil the last tnneful note died away, when the applause was doafening and overwhelming. The same lady displayad the eame purity and beauty of tone in tho character of a rustic maiden in the operetta " Breaking tho Spell." The sorpentine dance of Miss Soilo was watohed with intense interest, and the song and dance of tho Raymond Sistere was a no lots popular item. AH tho artists wero in fact greetod with tbo utmost enthusiasm. 