REMARKABLE PRICES FOR PICTURES. -Messrs. Christie recently sold Sir E. Landseer's well-known picture "Chevy" which was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1868, and afterwards en graved by Mr. T. Landseer, R.A, for 5,700 gs., the purchaser being Mr. Davis, and the starting price £1,000. Another important picture sold was Mr. J. Phillip's " Early Career of Murillo, 1634," exhibited at the Boyal Academy in 1865, International Exhibition in 1873, and at the Burlington House in 1894\. The bidding started at £1,000, and ultimately the picture was knocked down to Mr. Davis for 3,800 gs., amid some applause. Messrs. Robinson & Fisher concluded the sale of pictures of the late Viscount Clifden. The follow ing prices were realised :-A portrait of Marie Leckinski, Queen of Poland, by Tocke, 1,100 gs. (Sabin); "The Bridge of Perona," by Cananetto, 2,000 gs. (Agnew); "The Pembroke Family," by T. Gainsborough, 710 gs. (Davis); "The Mariana of Austria," by Velas quez 2,300 gs. (Casello) ; poultry, ducks, peacock and peahen, by Mi. R. Honde coetter, 4,150 gs. (Charles Davis.) It is difficult to exaggerate the evil that may be worked upon a nervous child by the tales of ghosts, robbers, bogies, or policemen, with which many children are continuously indulged. The inculcation of the precepts of religion also too often becomes the means by which terrifying ideas are implanted in the infant mind, much to the disturbance of that peacefulness during tile hours of rest which is essential to its normal developement. It is pitiful to think of the number of children who, instead of dropping into dreamless slumber, look forward to bed time as a time of terror, bury their faces in the bedclothes, and only when ex hausted fall asleep, haunted by visions of a constant, all-seeing eye, by dread of unending torments for each unfor given, maybe forgotten, little fault, and by fear of lightning and other natural phenomena which they have been taughtareinstruments of wrath. From all such thoughts the developing brain should be protected. But later on, when education, as it is now understood, begins, the child among whose ancestors neuroses have prevailed requires even more protection, for every influence is often brought to bear to disturb his mental equilibrium. If he is dull and backward he is punished; if he is bright, intelligent, and precocious, he becomes the pride of his teachers, and is set to win scholarships for the glory of his school. In either case he is exposed to the very turmoil of mind from which he should be most protected.-The Hospiial. The immediate effect of a moderate amount of alcohol is a feeling of in creased vigour. Ideas are increased in quickness, but lose in concentration. The system soon demands the stimulant more frequently. Abstinence is fol lowed by suffering. The hand loses its steadiness, the brain its clearness. Insomnia adds to the drain on nervous forces, and the patient instinctively resorts for relief to the poison which is the direct cause of his condition. In c:.~o damono ?ymptomn bo omo i;n.otnaod,-. and evidence of chronic degenerations manifest themselves, scarcely an organ in the body is exempt. Alcohol in the stomach retards digestion by paralysing terminal nerves, and by chemical action on the pepsin of the gastric juice pro duces changes in the secretions of the liver, and vitiates the processes through out the whole alimentary track by causing a perverted action of the sym pathetic nervous system. Partially digested food passing from the stomach to the intestines becomes subjected to abnormol fermentations. As a result, poisonous products, designated by modern chemists as ptomaines and leucomaines, are formed. Elimination is retarded by alcohol, consequently these products are absorbed into the system, and auto-poisoning results. The lungs and skin undertake to assist in relieving the system of effete material, as shown by the peculiarly disagreeable odour of the breath, and perspiration persisting for days after cessation from the use of alcohol. These patients will be found to suffer from chronic catarrh of most of the mucous membranes, notably the stomach, and chronic liver and kidney changes, leading to cirrhosis rand Bright's disease. Degeneration and resultant weakening of the walls of blood- vessels predispose to rupture (usually in the brain).-Dr. E. F. Arnold, in North American Review. If increase of bees is not desired, swarming should be as far as possible prevented, and this can with barframe hives be done by giving the bees plenty of rooml in good time, by adding auother tier of brood frames of foundation over the others without queen-excluder line between, thus giving the queen plenty fever, as it is called, and nothing will preventit. This plan is called doubling a hive, and the secret of success in it is not letting the bees feel crowded. If the combs in the hire are old, the pro cess may be varied by putting the new frames underneath the others; the bees will then build downwards, and at the end of the season thle top lot of combs may be removed. Should the hive be a very strong one and away from home, aoth method may be practised. By beting thus I have not had a swarm arom seven hives for three years; but if swarming is prevented, the queens should be replaced at the end of the honey season by young ones. BrLIoLrtly'.- The leader of the depu tation (a teetotal one) had urged that, however occasionally it might be per mitted, there was no Scriptural "recom mendation" of alcohol. The minister demurred, remarking that St. Paul is recorded as having written to his young friend Timothy, "Drinknolonger water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sakeand thine often infirmities." "Oh, sir," replied the chief speaker, "excuse me, but the word is 'use,' and means external application only." Picture a party having the wine sent round in a basin, and a host saying, "Fill your sponges, gentlemen let's have another dab." 