ANGLING DURING THE PAST SEASON. By “ The Bohemian-.” 44 Farewell the tranquil hour, Othello’s occupation’s gone.” And so have the finny tribe for the present ; aud ns the weather is not so inviting as to beguilo me into a wade in the delightfully muddy streets and roads of Shepparton,.I think that the best thing 1 can do is to make tho most of Barnes’s cosy little parlor and cheerful fire, and, with tho aid of my piscatory journal, rake ud the “ memories of the past,” and think over those pleasant hours that I havo spent on tho banks of my pet river, alono with nature and tho Great Architect and Designer of all that is good and beautiful. Owing to the heavy floods which wo experienced up to the middle of September last, theipast season has not been quito np to tho mark, as far ns piscatory pursuits were con cerned, for tho rush of water cleared out a great number of the fish just as they wore meditating sedentary employment—that is, spawning. In the lagoons this is especially notice able. Last year, in many places in this neighborhood, I could take blackfish quicker than winking. At present you may be endowed with all Job's patienco, but ne’er a fish will you get, aud I am afraid that the eagoruess displayed by these mis guided little fish in wauting to see more of the world has only led to their being gobbled up by their moro powerful brethren; human nature and fishy nature is not nu similar. I seo by referring to my notes that in the month of October last I tuok a total weight of 341b., consisting of golden perch, cod and catfish, the average weight being 2ilb. These fish were taken with the worm ; shrimps, the most killing bait of all, not being available. In November, when we had another heavy rise in the river, my total only reached 231b. of the same class of fish, supplemented by a few silver bream and ono black perch. In December I had my be3t catch, the total being f>21h. Among these was ono noble bream of filjlb. This gentloman fell into temptation by not being able to resist the allure ments of a shrimp, and after a most desperate strngglo for his liberty, was safely landed on tho bank. Ono of these fish will show more strength and giTo more sport than a cod of four times his weight. Upon this occasion I caught a cod of 31b. and \- silver bream of lllb. These fish ore evidently in league to get as iany shrimps as possible before ielding up the ghost. They were il in one hole on the Broken River, ad after capturing them, not □other bite did I get; so whilo eare illy stowing them away, I re inrked, “ Here lie reform leaguers irec, hallelujah ! liallelugee !” In le month of January I only totalled 81b., silver bream being the most lentiful. This fish is as good for ae table as he is handsome in ap earance, his flesh firm and delicately avored, and affords, as dear old zak Walton wonld say, “ good port withalhis favorite vanity i the shape of bait being a shrimp, ut if using this bait, you must trike quickly, or you will lose a ozen shrimps for one fish. I find □at the months of January and ’ebruary are the best for this fish, nd they are far more numerous in tie Broken River than in the Goul urn or Seven Creeks. Daring the lonths of February, March and .pril I averaged about 301b. per ionth, all taken from the Broken liver, and with the shrimp. During □e last two months 1 found that ne catfish were on their feed. Upon no occasion I landed seven of tiese, weighing lllb., in about two ours. There seems to be a most idicnlous prejudice against these sh, which, in reality, is one of the est for the table iu the Australian ivera. Ho requires Bkinning like he eel, and either boiled or fried is lmost equal to the English sole, rbicli fish, as far as firmness, delicate lavor and whiteness of the flesh go, io much resembles, and is also pos essed of another good quality, the bsonco comparatively of bones. He Iso affords good sport to the angler, ,eiug a bold biter and a hard fighter, ’hey do not seem to attain any great veight in these waters, the largest bare taken not exceeding 3jlb. Tiere are two determined enemies hat the followers of tho “ gontle raft have to contend with—those are he cormorant or shag, and the water at. These pirates canso immense lavoc among the young fish, destroy er many thousands in thecoursoof a nonth. I have noticed half-a- dozen ats systematically working ono of he lagoons, and, when the water is rery clear iu these, what should be ireserves for the vouug fry, the novomeuts of these poachers can be •asily discerned. They seem to care ally work all tho cover below water, n the shape of weeds, »fcc., ever and umn coming up to breathe, and also o masticate the proceeds of tho □ nnt. Th:3 little game goes on night ind day, and unless checked will sveutually destroy all sport in our rivers. This year both these pests ire more numerous than usual, and it seems a pity that Shepparton and its environs, with its three streams— tho Gonlburn, Broken River and Seven Creeks—should not be a veri table “ Angler's Paradise,” and draw during the eeaso i many lovers of the gentle craft to our town, for wo can offer plenty of water, glorious foliage for shade, when the sun is showing his might, to the denizens <>f our cities who are longing for tranquility where they can enjoy rest from their labors. I do not seo why a local Anglers’ Association should not be formed ; theexpenso would be trifling and the benefit conferred great. I tie main object of this society should be preservation and stocking of the local streams, and with this oud in view a small royalty should be given for the destruction of shags, rats ami other vermin, and whatever surplus funds were available he expended in turn ing out trout, &o.; Tlieso fish have thrived wonderfully in the Wernbee and Other rivers where they have been tried, and would do equally well here, especially in the Broken River, which possesses deep boles and rapid shallows, essentially formed as a home for tlieso fish, and also afford ing delightful and peaceful retreats fur the angler. Aide toi el Ifieu Vaideni is a French maxini, and a very true one, and although this is a small mntter, still a great writer says tbat it is these small matters that mako up the comfort and enjoyment of our lives ; and by offering healthy recreation and food for both body and mind, wo shall be conducing to the enjoyment of our neighbors and helping ourselves at the same time. 