THE BEUNION OE CHRIS TENDOM. ADDRESS BY CARDINAL MORAN. THE POPE'S SUMMONS TO THE WORLD. PROTESTANTISM A FAILURE. ' A HISTORICAL REVIEW. COMBINATION AGAINST THE COMMON FOE. An address on the subject of "The Re union of Christendom" was delivered by Cardinal Moran last night in the Guild hall, Castlereagli-streot. The attendance, comprising a largo percentage of ladies, numbered considerably over 1000. The chair was taken by Mr. E. Barton, Q.C. Those on the platform included Bishop Higgins, Sir Julian Salomons, M.L.C., Mr. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., Mr. Toolioy, M.L.C., Mr. T. Dalion, M.L.C., Mr. T. M. Slattery, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. Copeland, M.P., Mr. Quong Tart, Mons. O'Brien, Mr. Critchett Walker (Principal Under- Secretary), Prior Vaughan, the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., the Very Rev Fathers Boyle, C.M., Slattery, O.S.F., Vincent Gro- gan, Bontemps, M.S.H. (Superior of Gil bert Islands), and Treand, M.S.H., the Rev. Professors M'Dermott, Hagdon, Bros- nan, and Dr. Burke, Messrs. Laidley Mort, A. Galton, Plunkott, W. J. Hickoy, P. T. Riley, F. Punch, W. Hughes, R. Sheridan, F. B. Freohlll, John Tighe, O'Farrell, Blakoncy, Moore, M'Cabe, Prendergast, Dr. Kelly, Inspector Dwyer, and a number of others, including about 20 clergy of the Roman Catholic Church. The Chairman, in Introducing the speak er, said that the subject of the address was one, the importance of which it was im possible to over estimate. Tho re union of Christendom, the bringing to gether in one organisation all the Christian sects land creeds and communities was an object which was so vast, so far-reaching in all its possible consequences for good, that no movement that had ever agitated the Christian world could be said for a moment to compare with it. (Applause.) Of course there were many, and it was reasonable that there should bo many, who expressed reasonable doubts about tho reasonableness of this great consummation; and one must recol lect that before any such reunion as now mooted could be achieved there would have to bo a very great deal of compromise and a great deal of mutual concession. There were many who doubted on that ground the possibility of that consummation. What they had met for that night, ho took it, was to have, not only the reasons, but the possibilities of this groat movement ex plained, and lie had 110 doubt that they would hear an address which would be full of that learning and scholarship which his Eminence had brought to the adornment, not only of the religious affairs, but tho general affairs of this community. (Cheers.) Cardinal Moran, who was received with prolonged cheering, said: I have been asked I" dlrfs you tllis evening on tho reunion Christendom. I do not know that any o her religious subject so engages the pub- iio attention at the present day throughout the English-speaking world. It has been a matter of dobate at Synods and conferences and congresses. It is every day discussed m tho pulpit and the press. In Catholic circles attention to it has been awakened in a special manner since tho present illus trious occupant of St. Peter's See, Pope Leo XIII., in his letters to princes and peoples, and in bis latest beautiful encyclical to the English nation, invited all the faithful to engage in a spiritual crusade to attain that gorious result. It is only through the blessing of Heaven that the reunion of Christendom etui bo accomplished, and tho Chief Pastor of Christendom osits all to unite with him in earnest prayer that that hoavonly blessing may plentifully descend upon tho scattered children or God, to the end that all who have strayed into tho paths of error may be gathered into the one divine fold under one Shepherd. This invitation has already found filial response throughout Christian nations. Many a wa vering mind lias been strengthened, and many n troubled heart has found peace. Even tho Protestant press or England, as a rule so hostile to everything Catholic, has not failed to acclaim oho words of wisdom of the successor of St. Peter. Tho "Church Times," of Loudon, writing of tho Pope's Encyclical, has emphatically declared that it lifts t.llrt U'lmln n M nu Unn nf vs-11... i. .n.w.iuii vi 1 VUH1UU Ull IU a higher level, and places it in an «atmo- sphere outside all human passion and pre judice, and "so far as England is concern ed, nothing of equal importance, or so fraught with hope for the future, has taken place since tho 15th century," THE APPEAL FOR UNION WORLD WIDE. However, it must not bo supposed that the summons to prayer addressed by the Pope to tho Christian world regards Eng land alone. Chief watchman upon tho towexs ofi Israel, he looks out ou all the scat tered peoples that bear the Christian name. In Asia Minor and Syria and Armenia and the adjoining countries, there are the East ern Churches with millions of devoted faith ful who retain all tho doctrines of the Ca tholic Church. The heresies of Nestorlus and his associates never corrupted the faith of tho vast number of the clergy and faith ful people of thoso lands. It was the ty- rauny of tho civil power that enforced up on them the bondage of schism, and It is through tho samo oppression and through tho Jealousies and vain devices of national pride that their schism has been perpetu ated to Lho present day. In one of ills beautiful discourses Pope Leo XIII. gnvo expression to his paternal sentiments in their regard. "Oh, how dear to us are tho Churches of the East! How wo adrairo their ancient glory! How wo yearn to sco them sliino forth once again with their pris- tino splendour." Again in Russia and the various countries of tho south-east of Eu- ropo there are sixty millions who are mem bers of the Greek Church. They were dragged into schism by court corruption and political intrigue, hut they retain the priesthood and the dlvino Sacraments as well as tho doctrines of truth. Countless thousands among them yearn to bo freed from their present spiritual servitude and restored to the unity of I-Ioly Church. So too Is it in regard to very many who are outwardly separated from us In Great Brl- tnln nml MrvrMi AmnHnn nnrl hnrn nmnvif ourselves. They too appeal to Heaven for that peace of heart which the true Church alone can give. They are one with us in spirit; many of tliem hold all the sacred, truths which wo profess; and some thero are who through love of truth wage a fierco war, not against the Catholic Church, but again a vain phantom which cunning men havo devised and set before them as the Catholic Church. For all such. Pope Leo asks that prayers bo offered up, and thero can be no doubt that earnest, fervent, and persevering prayer is the one efllcacious means to bring down God's blessing upon this now spiritual crusado to win many souls to Christ, and to achieve tho glorious result of the reunion of Christendom. THE ADVANTAGES OF UNION. But some one perhaps will ask what ad vantages can accrue from this reunion of Christendom. I might, perhaps, refer to tho joy given to Heaven, and to tho spiri tual fruit that would accrue from the ful filment of tho Redeemer's words: "Other sheep I have that are not of this fold; them also I must bring, and they shall hear My voice, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd" (John x., 1G), but be sides all this, I reply that manifestly tho happiest results should ensue and the grand est purposes ho achieved if tho scattered and conflicting forces that now unfurl the Christian standard were gathered into one serriod army under tho guidance of Holy Church. God, when He so pleases, can at tain His own wise ends despite every bar rier that tho mail co of man may devise. But as a rule it pleases Heaven to achieve its results by human means, and, humanly speaking, by tho reunion of Christendom a glorious impulse would bo given to every good cause and a vast accession of strength would 1)0 added to attain countless benefi cent measures that are dear to the religious heart. THE EFFECT ON SOCIAU MOVEMENTS. Take, for Instance, the dofenco of the Sacred Scriptures. IIow vastly would tho hands of tho champions of revelation ho strengthened if all Christendom with a united voico were to proclaim its reverence for the inspired text, and setting its seal upon tho authentic Scriptures and their genuine interpretation, wero to invito the faithful to satiate their spiritual thirst at these fountains of dlvino truth. Then, ngain, what a roslstless impulse would be given to tho Christian obsorvanco of tho Lord's Day. In many countries, alas, now- a-days tho Sunday is devoted to dissipation and distracting secular pursuits. Its sacred character Is set aside, religious duties are forgotten, and men appear to have become heedless of that calm and enjoyment and religious rest for which the Sunday was in tended, and which may be regarded as a preparation for Heaven. So, too, it Is with the promotion of temperance. No doubt In the home countries, as among ourselves, the greatest evils follow in the train of in- temperauce. It is religious influence alone that can heal the wounds caused by this terrible disease, and bow momentous would bo the result if all Christian peoples with a united voice were to inculcate tho duty and to proclaim the blessings of holy tem perance. The same, holds good of religious education, persistently assailed in so many lands; of the maintenance of the marriage bond, on which the well-being of society and family happiness depend, but wbicli, at the present day, is very generally threaten ed by the legalised facilities of divorce; and so, also, of many other social blessings, tho inheritance of Christian civilisation, which are now imperilled by tho ignorance or dis tracted thoughts or indifference of men. EXTENSION OF MISSIONS. What shall I say of the results surpassingly grand which might be achieved in the mis sionary field? At no time have the remot est lands been so successfully explored by geographical research or commercial enter prise as in this nineteenth century of ours. Countless tribes and races have been brought within the reach of Gospel truth. Tho blessing of Heaven, indeed, has been with our Catholic missionaries. Despite their humble resources, their numbers have been multiplied, their labors have been crowned with abundant fruit, and tlieir heroism and devotedness in the cause of the faith have never been surpassed. With tho prestige and abundant aid of a united Christendom, how grand would be the re sults achieved! If we look to Protestant missions throughout the Pagan world, we see them equipped with every material re source that unbounded wealth and human energy can supply. Yet from every land the cry is heard that those missions are fruitless, and their best friends and cham pions are the very first to declare that, humanly speaking, to the divisions and conflicting creeds of rival missionaries this lack of results is due. FAILURE OF PROTESTANT MISSIONS. As far back as the year 1842 the Anglican Bishop of Salisbury, in a charge to his clergy, made the sad avowal of this mis sionary bligbt. "I declare, though with re gret (he says), that our missions have no success. What' is the cause? Want of unity. How can we hope to convert infidel nations when we are not in unity our selves? By whom can tho doctrine of Christianity he accepted, when every side presents a scene of the wildest division; of heresy and schism?" The "English Re view" for October, 1844, after a long state ment of the various missions, adds: "We cannot conclude without a painful reflection on the variety and contradiction of the means employed in the propagation of the faith. Rival missionary establishments and rival bodies present themselves in the face of the heathen. Can we wonder at partial success? How can we educe good from so pressing an evil?" This sad condition of things has continued unchanged to the pre sent day. An Anglican dignitary, Canon Taylor, who was himself for many years connected with those foreign missionary so- cieties, published in the "Fortnightly Re view," for October, 18S8, an article under the heading "The Great Missionary Fail ure," in which with facts and figures he illustrates the sterility of the Anglican mis sions. His indictment is a terrible one, and yet tho irrefragable proofs which he produces fully justify his statements. For instance, in India, the Anglican missions of Travancore are regarded as some of the most successful, and yet, despite all tho prestige of Government patronage and im- mense material resources, "after 70 years' labor, only 3.3 per cent, of the native Chris tians are claimed by the Church of Eng land," whilst 90 per cent, are assigned as the fruits of Catholic missionary zeal. For Africa he cites the authority of the dis tinguished traveller, Mr. Johnston, British Vice-Consul in the Cameroons, who writes that "in many important districts where the missionaries have been at work for 20 years, they can scarcely number, in honest statistics, 20 sincere converts. In other parts, where large numbers of nominal Christians exist, their religion is discredit ed by numbering among its adherents all the drunkards, liars, rogues, and unclean livers in the colony." OUR BITTER INTERNAL ANIMOSITIES. From several such facts Canon Taylor draws tho conclusion that "the converts are few, and many of them of bad quality." He asks, why do those missions fail? lie does not answer in his own words, but he writes: "Let Dr. Legge, a missionary of 34 years' standing, speak. lie thinks that we shall fail to make converts so long as Christianity presents itself iufected with the bitter internal animosities of Christian sects." He adds the words of Bishop Steere, who "thought that the two greatest hindrances to success were the squabbles of missionaries among themselves, and the rivalry of the societies (there are 224 of them) who tout for converts." Surely in this missionary field the grandest and most consoling results may be hoped for from the reunion, of Christendom. DEFENCE OF SOCIAL ORDER. But we may take even a wider range, and look to the results to be achieved in the defence of social order and promoting the well-being and the vital interests of Chris tian civilisation. The present age in its war against tho City of God is an age of disintegration. It revels in dissensions and discord, and exults in triumph amid the ruins that follow in their train. It mar shals its forces under the banners of Ra tionalism, and Socialism, and Secularism, and Indifferentism of every hue. I need but briefly refer to the arms with which they combat. The Rationalists set up rea son against revelation, and endeavor to sow discord between the teachings of hu man wisdom and those of Divine truth. We know that there cannot be any real op position between reason and revelation, for both proceed from the same source, which is God, and it is precisely the purpose of revelation to strengthen and purify, to ele vate and ennoble our reason. Nevertheless those enemies of the Christian name would fain persuade their dupes that religion seeks to destroy our reason or to deny her her due place in the pursuit of truth. So cialists would set class against class, and recklessly stir up the ranks of labor to pull down the capitalists, and of capital to oppress and enslave the laborer. They would spread wreck and ruin on every side, and overthrow every institution that lifts us up above the dead level of ignorance and barbarism The secularists would seek to sow discord between the Church and State. Under the delusive maxim, a free Church in a free State, they would enslave the Church, they would set the creature in opposition to tho Creator, and, as far as human malice can accomplish, would banish religion from tho sanctuary of the family, from tho school, from legislation, from everything that men prize as the inheritance of our Christian commonwealth. Indifferentism would tell us that one religion is as good as another, that we should treat all claims of religion alike, that Is to say, we should pay no atten tion to the teachings of dlvine faith, and be content with tho shadow and empty name of religion or no religion as fancy may suggest. A CHRISTIAN COMBINATION INVIN CIBLE. Now, it goes with out saying that an im measurable and invincible strength would bo added to the champions of dlvino truth wero all who hold the Christian creed to combine their forces and present an unbro ken front to repel tho assaults of all those enemies of truth. And it is to bo borne in mind that from the sad period of tho Reformation to the present day many lea ders of religious thought in England have prayed and toiled that the blessings of religious unity would be restored to their distracted country, and many, too, of her most gifted sons have from time to time found joy and peace in tho bosom of that Church, which, heretofore, like Saul of old, they had combated and persecuted. VISCOUNT HALIFAX'S VIEWS. Tho Right Hon. Viscount Halifax, who has made a profound study of tho writers of tho Church of England, attested a few months ago in his Bristol, address that "some of her most eminent bishops and di vines havo In a continuous chain over since the separation of tho lGth century yearned for the restoration of unity, and havo la bored for that blessed result." He cites tho words of Bishop Hammond, who re gards unity "as tho noblest gift of God, tho grace abovo grace, the duty abovo du ties, tho fulness of heavenly joy," and also tho words of Archbishop Brarahall, who writes "that I may live to see tho reunion of Christendom; I shall ever bow tho kuces of my heart to tho Father of our Lord Jesus Christ." THE AIM OF CHARLES I. During the reign of Charles I., this desiro for reunion appears to havo been developed to a most singular degree. Archbishop Laud, who for somo years enjoyed a sort of Bupremo authority in both Church and State, is supposed to havo countenanced tho project. I havo not seen any proof of his holding diroct communication on the matter with Rome, but when consulted by the Duchess of Buckingham as to the expediency of her embracing the Catholic faith he urged her to defer her conversion for in a little time, he said, she would seo the corporate reunion of England with Rome. Dr. Montague, Bishop of Chiches ter, took a prominent part at this time in negotiating the re storation of the Church of England to Catholic unity. He declared to Panzani, the Roman envoy, that "he was satisfied both the Archbishops, with the Bishop of London, and several others of the episco pal order, besides a great number of the learned inferior clergy, were prepared to fall in with the Church of Rome as to a supremacy purely spiritual." He sub sequently stated that "the Archbishop of Canterbury was entirely of his sentiment, but with a great alloy of fear and caution," and that there were only three of the Angli can bishops "who could bo counted vio lently bent against Rome." Iu regard to the violent attacks every day levelled against the Holy Sec, lie made tho singular avowal "as for the aversion we discover in our sermons and printed books, they are things of form, chiefly to humor the po pulace, and not to be much regarded." Another of the Anglican bishops, Dr. Good man, Bishop of Gloucester, also entered on the scene of the negotiations wkh the en voy of Rome. He is styled by his Protes tant biographer "learned, pious, and chari table." He avowed his desire to see Eng land reconciled with the Holy Sec. More consistent than many of his brethren, he carried his wishes into effect, and was received Into the Church. He was atten ded by a Franciscan friar in his last ill ness, and in his will gave expression to his religious convictions. "I do profess, i as I have lived, so I die, most constant in all the articles of our Christian faith and in all the doctrines of God's Holy Ca tholic and Apostolic Church, whereof I do acknowledge the Church of Rome to be the mother Church, as I do verily believe that no other Church hath any salvation in it, but only so far as it concurs with tho Church of Rome." Tho Puritan distur bances put an end to those negotiations, Sir Francis Windebank, the Chief Secre tary of State, an office corresponding to that of Premier at the present day, was thrown into prison, but making his escape, was received into the Church in Paris. In one of the Puritan pamphlets he merited to bo styled "a most fierce Papist." Lord Cottington, the Treasurer, also embraced the Catholic faith. King Charles II., who has sometimes been styled the ablest and best of the Stuarts, followed suit, being received into the Church during his exile on the Continent. Whatever may havo been his conduct on the throne, be on his deathbed professed bis faith and received the last sacraments of Holy Church. It is not so generally known that Usher, Pro testant Primate and Archbishop of Armagh, was also desirous to be restored to Catholic unity. He showed In his early writings and during the first years of his Primacy, an envenomed hostility against the Catholic Church. This enmity, however, gradu ally melted away, and we find him in 1040, entering into negotiations with Rosetti, the Papal agent, and proposing to resign the see of Armagh, to openly profess the Catholic faith, and to spend the rest of his days in Rome, and, moreover, to bring thither his magnificent collection of manu scripts and books, if a pension of £4000 a year were accorded hira. Needless to say, no funds were available to make any such provision, though he was assured nothing would be left undone to secure for him an honorable maintenance. During the subsequent disturbances of the civil war he was tossed to and fro, from post to pillar, but is said to have persevered in his pious intentions and to have been be fore death admitted to the Catholic fold. Hfs wife, who took refuge in Paris, repeat edly declared, as is attested In the Rinuc- cini Memoirs, that he was most desirous to be reconciled to the Holy See. EARLY IN THE PRESENT CENTURY. In the first quarter of the present century not a few of the Anglican clergy enter tained the hopes that a general reunion with Rome might be accomplished, and their aspirations towards such a result elicited the cordial sympathy of the dis tinguished Bishop of Kildare and Leighlln, Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, and of the Arch bishop of Dublin, Most Rev. Dr. Murray. The Anglican Bishop who held the see of Durham in those days in a remarkable charge to his clergy insisted on the feasi bility of such a union, and added, "if he could live to see the foundations laHl for such reunion It would illuminate the last hours of a long life, and he could depart with' the words of Simeon on his lips." THE OXFORD MOVEMENT. I need not refer to the religious revival which is known as the Oxford movement, which commenced in 183.3, and which, con tinuing to the present day, may justly be said to have more or less leavened the whole Church of England. From time to time, as a result of this awakening of piety, several of the most learned and en lightened members of the English Church have manifested the desire to be recon ciled to Rome, and a vast number, too, both of clergy and laity, despite the mo mentous temporal sacrifices which were in- vnlvnd fnnlr iho Unfit ntnn nf TP- ceived into the Catholic Church. THE ANGLICAN CHURCH UNION. It is only a few months since Lord Halifax, in his Bristol address, speaking in the name of the Church Union of which he is the president, and which numbers on its roll more than 3000 of the Aglicam clergy, thus dwelt on the advantages of being re conciled to Rome: — "Surely there is no one," ho says, "if he thinks what it would he to see the Western Church once more re-united, her schisms healed, and peace once more existing amongst her members, but must long for the day when the Church of England should again be united in bonds of visible communion with the Apostolic See and all the Churches of the West. Who can endure the sense of being separated from those with whom in all essentials of be lief and sentiment we are one? And why should we not see the day of such a happy reconciliation." He refers to the efforts at reunion made from time to time, and con cludes that "the present is an opportunity which once lost may never occur again. Do not let us be afraid to speak plainly of the possibility, of the desirability, of a union with Rome. Let us say boldly, we desiro peace with Rome with all our hearts. Lot us take the opportunity of the appeal mado by the Encyclical to assure Leo XIII. that we at least are grateful for his efforts, that ho may vely upon a sympathetic an swer to any appeal he may make to tho Church of England." ANTI-CATIIOLIC SENTIMENT. We must not, however, conceal from our selves the fact that sldo by side with this tendency to Rome there has boen fronv the very outset of the Reformation a strong current of Protestant feeling that has little sympathy with the Catholic Church, a cur rent so strong and so widespread that it would appear to have carried away with it tho vast majority of the Anglican clergy and almost all the Anglican prelates of Australia. This anti-Catholic current would unite all Protestant sects, but in hos- tility to Rome. It may be said to have originated in Germany in tho first days of the Reformation. Tho learned Grotius, who was probably tho most distinguished German Protestant writer of the 17th cen tury, endeavored, but in vain, to stem its course. Hear how distinctly he pronounces judgment on this fancy project of Ills ultra- Protestant friends: — "All those who know mc," ho says, "are aware how earnestly I have wished to see Christians united In one body. This, I once imagined, might have been accomplished by a union of Protes tants, but I soon saw that such a union was impossible. I am now thoroughly con vinced, as are many others also, that Pro testants never can he united among them selves unless they join those who adhere to tho Roman See." In England during the CrorawelJian period it was a favorite scheme of the triumphant Puritans to blend into one all the conflicting Protestant sects that thus they might form a common pro paganda, as they called it, in opposition to tho propaganda of Rome. Early In the 18th century wo find some of the leading churchmen of England endeavoring to remedy their manifest isolation by concilia ting tho Jansonists and Galileans in France as well as tho Lutherans and other sects in Germany. And so, from Ume to time, tlicy stretched out the hand of fellowship to tho Greeks at Constantinople, to the Russians in St. Petersburg, to tho Dutch schismatics at Utrecht, to tho latest here tics who assumed tho name of Old Catho lics at Bonn, and to every other heretical or schlsmatical body that would give pro- raise of tho remotest prospect of fellowship or friendship. The Pan-Anglican Synod hold at Lambeth in 18S8, whilst repudiat ing all idea of communion with tho Catho lic Church, with great solemnity invited all the various dissenters and non-conform ists and other non-Catholic bodies to unito with the Anglican Church, and to rally around tho standard of their common Pro testantism, tho better to withstand tho ad vance of Rome. Tho same efforts have re peatedly been made at other meetings and congresses and conferences held during the past few years. I do not know, however, that wo can congratulate them on having attained very great success. NO -TOURNEYING ROMEWARDS. It is tho watchword of this ultra-Protes- tant party that whatever their fato may be, they "will not journey Romewards." This has been their war-cry in Germany; it has been repeated in tho United States; it lias bocomo their standard maxim in England; it has found an echo even in distant Aus tralia, here among ourselves. Thero is an old saying, which many an Irishman will, in spirit at least, have addressed to those who, taking that boasted watchword for their guide, would refuse to bend their footsteps towards Rome — Beware lest you go farther and faro worse. There can be no question that hitherto they have fared worse indeed, and that the result of such ultra-Protestantism has been to multiply religious sects, to sow the bitterest discord broadcast, and to lead its votaries to the abyss of irreligion and scepticism. QUOTATIONS FROM NON- CATHOLIC WRITERS. It may be well to illustrate what I have said by reference to a few prominent non- Catholic writers, whose authority in such matters none can gainsay. In Germany, the cradle of Protestantism, from the very outset, such discord and religious dis sensions became the order of the day. Mel- anchton, tho bosom friend of Luther, la ments In his letters that the Reformers ap peared to be mainly intent on flying apart from .one another, and ho adds that "The Elbe with all its waters could not furnish tears enough to weep over the miseries of the distracted Reformation." (Epp. lib. 2, Ep. 202.) Theodore Bcza, the principal as sistant of Calvin, also writes: — "I see our followers wandering tho sport of every wind of doctrine, and borne out into the deep S'UL, now carried to this side and now to the other. What their opinion on religion is to-cay you may perchance know, but what it may be to- morrow no one can with any certainty affirm. On what point of religion do Uie Churches which have declared war against the Roman Pontiff agree among themselves? If you run through theai all t0 ,ast you win hardly And any thing affirmed by one which the other docs not immediately exclaim against as im- TJle sam® story comes to us from all the Protestant denominations. In a word, as Puffendorff, one of their most authoritative writers, attests: — "The sun- press on of the authority of the Pope has Eerms ot discord In the o,?.i L. .re Is no lonEer any Sovereign nrireony 1, '®rmlnate the disputes which fhL »' ! s'des, and hence we have seen «n?i i|rot<;Etants split amongst themselves, owm hands" Ut thclr bowels with their RELIGIOUS DISSENSION IN GERMANY, the!, 0DC6 attempts wore made by clDalitles „fV£rmnont ln the various prin- of, Germany to stem the process scoter r l'mte tEetber the scattered f,G«rman Protestantism. It was reartv fn >„ 'at thnse sect!i were ever ready to combine together when Rome was thove ren ' ?,ut wb they renewed their combats among them- Sfihf t1leneth the Kins of Prussia, by a Which was enacted ia 1839, endeavored to blend them all into what he was Pleased to call "The Evangelical Church. But whatever outward compact ness may havo been thus given to the Pro testant name, tho dissensions in regard to the doctrines of faith and indifference to all religion only became the more intense. Hcngstenberg, the leading representative « BvanseHcsal party, thus describes this sad condition of things: "In the Evan gelical Church of Germany," he says, "it 1this' thnt aJ1 the art-icles of faith which she professes in common with iSriV# Ffl Church of Christ, and the validity of her confessions, are being call ed in question within her own bosom; and that open unbelief hn« nt I and as distinguished representatives among the teachers and governors of the Church as the true faith. This schism goes to tho very bone and marrow of the Evangelic Church. And how is it at the present day. Let Rev. Baring-Gould, Xn his Church m Germany" (1892). be witness. The spirit of rationalism." he writes has gained enormous strides. The present condiUon of affairs is deplorable indeed, definite faith is becoming daily more rare Evangelical Church. The authority or bcripturo is no longer believed in. It has no Apostolic constitution; the Units of continuity in faith and orders with the Primitive Church have been broken and away. A more helpless and piteous condition of affairs can hardly be con ceived." The "Edinburgh Review," Octo ber, 18S0, has stated the whole case in a few words: "The land which was the cradle of the Reformation has become the grave of the Reformed faith. All comparatively re cent works on Germany, as well as all personal observation, tell the same tale Denial of every tenet of the Protestant faith among tho thinking classes, and indif ference in the masses, are tho positive and negative agencies beneath which tho Church of Luther and Melancthon hns suc cumbed." PROTESTANTISM IN THE UNITED STATES. How lias it fared with Protestantism in the United States? Dr. Schmidt, Professoir of Evangelical Theology at Breslau, in a special treatise on tho Protestant tenets, declares that "The New World (in the United States) has indeed become the fruit ful mother of sects." Only a few weeks ago tho Rev. Dr. Dix in New York warned his Protestant Episcopal co-religionists of the abyss to which they were being hurried on. "The recent startling appearance of pantheistic teachers in our Church (ha says) in the person of liberal theologians so-called, the open denial of several of tho facts stated in the creed, tho contemptuous repudiation of tho authority of our Church, tho substitution of ideas derived from tho philosophy of evolution for tho doctrine olf the Gospel, and the avowed deterrainaticra to proclaim whatever views the individual minister may evolvo from year to year, and from day to day, out of his own conscious ness, theso signs of the hour increase my respect for tho men of tho old school." DISTRACTED, DIVIDED ENGLAND. But what shall I say of England? Fifiy years ago an illustrious Anglican archdea con, preaching before the University of Che- ford, set forth tho state of the Church of England in the remarkable words: "The land seems full of offences; they lie within the precinct of the Church; offences seem to multiply day by day; old stumbling- blocks are not taken out of the way, new ones are cast down; thero must needs be- heresies among us, and heresies there ore; throughout tho land there is tho voice as of a great multitude, but speaking diverse things; discipline is relaxed; the Church year by year deplores it; her national cha racter seems fading away. Of her own, somo forsake her; tho habit of faith in rea lities external to the raind is weak and lan guid; the moral character of division is fully out upon our people; it is sustained in its intensity among tho sects which besot tho Church; it finds too ready a sympathy even within its pale." About the time that those words were written Lord Macaulay described tho Church of England as "a hundred seots battling within one Church." From year to year those conflicting sects have gone on multiplying. The number of formally recognised Protestant sects in England in 1873, as set forth in Whita- ker's Almanac, was 125; in 1883 it amount ed to 18G, but in 1S93 it had further in- creaseu to xvu. isut tno sects uius rormany recognised aro a mere fraction of lho mu'i- tudinous forms of varying creeds that swarm throughout Great Britain. "Tho Times" in 1884 (May 13th) avowed that "England alone is reputed to contain somo seven hundred sects, each of them provir\g a whole systc-m of theology and morails from tho Bible." THE ONE BOND OF PROTESTANT UNION. Nor is it to bo supposed that the differ ences between those sects and tho Church of England are more imaginary than real. The various sects and tholr mother Church of England are indeed found to bo at one when there is question of hostility to Rome, hut they otherwise pursue each other with tho most intense hatred. In an official tract, cited in the "Protestant Church Quarterly Review" (July, 1892) a representative of one of tho sects declared that "thero is no thing to bo expected from Christ for any member of tho Church of England but a pouring out of His eternal wrath upon thom." PREACHING THERE IS NO HELD. But is the Church of England at least in the enjoyment of tho blessings of harmony and peaco and unity within its own com munion? Lot its own prelates and patrons bo here our witnesses. Tho Protestant Archbishop of Dublin only last year, at the Birmingham Conference, declared that tho doctrinal differences amongst themselves wero greater than thoso that separated thom from tho Nonconformists. Tho Pro testant Bishop of Liverpool describes the Anglican. Church as "in a stato of chaotic anarchy and lawlessness," and he adds that "things havo coine to such a pass that it did not appear to matter a jot what a cler gyman held and believed." Canon Llddon, in his preface to tho Report of the Bonn Conference, foil contained to avow that "wo of the English Church are already un able to assert before Christendom that we practically hold even serious doctrinal dif ferences to be a bar to religious com munion. We co-operate with thoso who deny that which we hold true, or assert that which wo deom false." Dr. Pusey, writing in December, 1880, a short time be fore his death, is not less explicit: "Every matter of faith," ho says, "is openly denied. Doctrines which are the ceutre of Christian faith, such as tho incarnation of Our Bless ed Lord, are claimed to bo open questions. It lo caid to bo nu anachronism that clergy- men should think themselves bound to cease to minister in the Church of England because they no longer hold these blessed truths. A clergyman may preach to his people that thero is no hell, and so encou rage them in the vices which God con demns." May at least those who are be considered as of one mind in known as the High Church . party matters of religion? Alas, even here we seek in vain for unity. The author of "A Life of Archbishop Laud" (London, 1894) thus writes of tho various Church parties of the present day: — "Few things are more indefinite, at present, than tho term a High-Churchman, tho very use of which provokes the question 'What sort pf a High-Churchman?' For of High-Church men there are endless varieties. Tho term Low-Churchman may mean almost any thing, and there seems to be little that the term Broad-Church may not include." (page 248). PROTESTANTISM A: FAILURE, Mr. Mallock, the writer of tho brilliant es say, "Is Life Worth Living?" thus puts the whole matter in a nutshell: "We are at last beginning to see in Protestantism neither the purifier of a corrupted reve lation, nor the corrupter of a pure reve lation, but the practical denier of all re velation whatsoever. Let us look at Eng land, Europe, and America, and consider the condition of the Protestant world. Re ligion, it is true, we shall still find ln it; but it is religion from which not only the supernatural clement Is disappearing, but in which the natural element is fast be coming nebulous. It is indeed growing, as Mr. Leslie Stephen says it is, into a religion of dreams. All its doctrines are growing vague as dreams, and like dreams their outlines are for ever changing." FACING THE DIFFICULTIES. It now only remains that I refer to tho difficulties that at times deter the religious pilgrim and seem to obstruct the path which would lead to the wished-for goal ot the reunion of Christendom. The main diffi culty, Indeed, which sometimes becomes an insuperable barrier in the way, is the prejudice arising from absurd doctrines which those who assail the Catholic Church impute to us. No words can be found too coarse or too violent for some Protestant divines when combating the Church's tea ching. They build up a phantom of their own Imagination, they call it the Catholic Church, they hurl against It the thunders of their fiercest denunciations, and when that vain phantom is smitten they would fain persuade their deluded dupes that tho Catholic Church is overcome. I will take only two instances — the Catholic devotion to the blessed Virgin, and the infallibility of tho Pope. DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. What shall I say of the bitter hatred which is every day stirred up against de votion to the blessed Virgin? We aro denounced as idolaters. Mariolatry, some what like Mesopotamia of old, is a word to conjure by. Indeed it may be said that Catholic piety towards the blessed Virgin is a sort of bugbear to which no reasoning can reconcile our Anglican friends, and particularly so since the Church has set her authoritative seal on the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, so dear to every genuine religious Catholic heart. Protestant preachers and writers gravely tell their hearers and readers .that Catholics adore the blessed Virgin, and pay divine honors to her; that we rob God of His supreme dignity, and offer to a crea- ture the supreme homage that belongs to the Creator alone, and thus as a matter of course we are said to corrupt the deposit of divine truth, and to undermine the great and fundamental mystery of the incarnation of our blessed Lord. Now, all this de nunciation, so far as the Catholic teach ing is concerned, is nothing more than theatrical thunder, and mere moonshine, for the Catholic Church holds no such doc trine as that thus imputed to her. We do not pay divine honors to the blessed Virgin, or to any mere creature. To God alone supreme worship and adoration arc due. But wo honor the blessed Virgin as the most highly privileged and exalted of all pure creatures. Iu the wonderful ways of God's mercy she was chosen to be the mother, not merely in shadow and name, but in reality and truth, of the Eternal Word made flesl), and whatever fulness of grace and heavenly wealth of dignity and privileges are assigned to her, all proceed from the supreme homage and reverence and love which we owe to our blessed Lord. DOCTRINE REGARDING THE MOTHER OF GOD. The whole pith and substance of the Ca tholic doctrine regarding the Mother of God is contained in the inspired words, "Hail, full of grace, tho Lord is with thee, blessed art thou among women, and bles sed is the fruit or thy womb." From tho first dawn of Christian faith to the present hour these sacred words have inspired the Catholic heart with filial veneration and love towards her whom it has pleased the Most High to clothe with such exalted privileges and dignity. And if the children of the Church lavishly bestow on her the tributes of their praise and fondest affec tion, who can fall to recognise In such manifestations of religious devotion tho fulfilment of the words of prophecy which, inspired by the Holy Ghost, she herself pronounced: "Behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed." If, on the contrary, every heresy that has arisen in the course of centuries has as sailed the honor aud reverence shown to the blessed Virgin, is it not In accordance with the Catholic tradition that true devo tion to her is irreconcilable with heresy, and that it is her mission, given her by her Divine Son, to overcome all heresies; in St. Augustine's words: "Thou alone hast crushed all heresies, O Holy Mother of God." THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. Many of those who assail the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception as inconsistent with divine truth, have themselves flung aside all belief in original sin. Now the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception im plies only this, that by the special grace and through the anticipated merits of lier Divine Son, she was exempted from every stain, and contagion of original sin. Thus it is that those assailants of Catholic de votion to the blessed Virgin become them selves without knowing it the champions of the sacred truth, for, if no such thing as original sin is to he admitted, it as suredly cannot bo found in the purest and most privileged of God's creatures. At a large reunion iu the city of Charleston held a few months after the definition of the Immaculate Conception, it happened that the Catholic bishop and representatives or several religious denominations were pre sent. A prominent Protestant lecturer took occasion to descant upon the anti- Christian and idolatrous tenet which had lately been sanctioned by Rome. After awhile the bishop asked him did he be lieve in original sin? "Oh no," lie replied, "that is one of those antiquated notions long since exploded in our communion." "Well, then," said the bishop, "you and your sect must be reckoned among those who emphatically proclaim tho Immaculate Cpnception of tho blessed Virgin." FERVENT CATHOLIC PIETY. And hero may I not remark that Protestant writers who, instead of being led away by anti-Catholic bigotry, have followed the dictates of reason and common sense for their guide, have almost surpassed in their words of eulogy and reverential lovo any thing that tho most fervent Catholic piety could suggest. Hear how the Anglican author of "Christian Year" (than whose hymns no others are more popular through out England) salutes our blessed Lady— "Ave Maria! thou whoso name All but adoring love may claim." And again he cries out: — "Avo Maria! blessed Maid! Lily of Eden's fragrant shade. Who can express the love That nurtur'd thee so pure and sweet, ' Making thy heart a shelter meet For Jesus' holy Dove. Avo Maria! Mother blest, To whom caressing and caress'd Clings the eternal child; Favored beyond Archangel's dream, .When first on thee with tenderest gleam Thy now-born Saviour smiled." So also tho distinguished poet with whoso name you are all familiar — Wordsworth- proclaims tho incomparable holiness of the Blessed Virgin in tho sweet lines: — "Woman! abovo all women glorified Our tainted nature's solitary boast; Purer than foam on central ocean toss'd, Brighter than eastern sides at Uaybrealc strewn With fancied roses, than the unblemished moon Before her wano begins on heaven's blue coast. Thy imago falls to earth, yet some I ween, Not unforgiven, the suppliant lcnco might bend As to n visible power, in which did blend All that was mixed and reconciled In theo Of mother's love with maiden purity, Of high with low, colestla! with serene." Another non-Catholic writer extols her privileges as more exalted than any that this earth can claim:— "To thy name Mary, maiden fair! Such should, methinks, its music be, Tho sweetest name that mortals bear, Were best befitting thee. And she to whom it once was given Was half of earth and half of heaven. ' —(Holmes.) PROTESTANT DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. Even Protestants aro beginning to ro- cogniso that thoro is no bott for the doctrine of the Incarnation than de votion to tho Blessed Virgin. As a matter of fact, which every day's experience con firms, those who rejected Catholic devotion to tho Blessed Virgin soon found them selves on the high road to the denial of the great doctrine of the Incarnation. On the other hand, those who have cherished such true piety towards the Mother have ever been foremost amongst the champions of the divinity of her Son. It was for this reason that for the first time perhaps in the annals of Protestantism, a leading non- Catholic periodical in tho United States, last March, did not hesitate to invite its readers to revive the fervent recital of tho "Hail Mary." "Tho revival of the 'Ave Maria,' or 'Hall Mary/ " it says, "is neces sary for these times. It Is providential that there are some men in the Anglican Church who are moved by the Holy Spirit to revive this form, of devotion. It is time to defend the faith by a practice which will raise the loyalty of Christians and stamp out the error. The 'Hall Mary is like an 'Incamatus est' out of the Creed. To use the 'Hall Mary' is to confess the faith in brief, to strengthen its hold in the heart and mind." THE POPE'S INFALLIBILITY. But what shall we say of tho Pope's in fallibility? Here, indeed, anti-Catholic lecturers can. scarcely find words of invec tive sufficient to give vent to their indigna tion anrl rage against this tenet of the Catholic Church. I am not here to enter on any discussion as to tho doctrine itself. But I would ask you to consider what is the doctrine .that thoso assailants and hos tile critics impute to us, and to compare with it the genuine and authentic teaching of tho Catholic faith. I will select only a few from the many such pretended state ments of the Catholic teaching which I might present to you. AN ERRONEOUS POPULAR VIEW. A writer in "Macmillan's Magazine" goes so far as to say that the Pope In claiming Infallibility claims to be "the incarnate and visible word of God." The Rev. Mr. Kings- ley was pleased to set forth tho meaning of the dogma of infallibility to be "that the Pope of Rome has the power of creating right and wrong; that not only truth and falsehood, but morality and immorality, de pend on his setting hts seal to a bit of parchment." Dr. Llttledalo tells us that by reason of infallibility "all the decisions of the Pope on faith and morals are di vinely inspired; they become so much moro Holy Scripture." He emphatically adds— "It does not mean less than this." And then he goes on to say that infallibility enables the Pope "at any Ume to modify or alter the old belief just as a Parliament of Queeu Victoria may repeal any statute of an earlier reign." A whole host of writers cry out that by infallibility tlio Pope is declared to bo Impeccable, so that he can do no wrong, and can commit no sJn. Professor Schulte even says that by virtue of his infallibility "the Pope might in one day abolish all the established dog mas of tho Church." Mr. Draper, from the United States, goes even further, and afilrma that "infallibility embraces all things and enables the Pope to accomplish all things by a miracle, if needs be." And Mr. Gladstone, who, not satisfied with his renown In politics and poetry and classic lore, wishes also to win immortal fame as a theologian, assures us that the Pope's infallibility extends to all departments of social life and science, and that "its reach is as wide as it may please the Pope, or those who may prompt the Pope, to make it " Now. allow me to say tnat an uiese statements, in so far as they pretend to set forth tho teaching of the Catholic Church do not contain a single particle of truth. Those astute opponents of the Catholic Church draw upon their imagination to de vise tenets the most preposterous and ab surd, and those they impute to us. And yet they might havo reflected that the brightest intellects and most acute minds that have adorned the world from Origen and Augus tine to Thomas Aquinas and Bonaventure, and to Stolberg and Newman in our own day, have been the champions of the Catho lic Church's teaching. But it assuredly is not the folly and nonsense thus imputed to us that could have enlightened their rea son or captivatctf their hearts. WHAT INFALLIBILITY REALLY MEANS. By the infallibility of the Pope we mean that in defining tho truths of Revelation he Is preserved from error, that as head of the Church and successor of the Prince of the Apostles it is his mission to guard the deposit of religious truth received from Christ, and to faithfully hand it on incor rupt to all ages; and hence when he solemnly proclaims to the whole Church a doctrine to be believed as the teaching of our Blessed Lord regarding faith or morals, ho receives that assistance which our Sa viour promised by the divine words — "I am with you all days," "The gates of hell shall not prevail." Thus it is that infalli bility relates only to the teachings of divine faith and the morals precepts, which as general principles form the rule of conduct of all the faithful. It does not affect the application of such principles or precepts to individual cases, in which conscience must bo our guide. Infallibility does not mean that the Pope is impeccable. He is preserved indeed from falsifying tho doc trines of the Church as to faith and morals, but this gives him no security that he will always rightly apply these doctrines or uevcr personally commit an offence against them. Nor need we fear that this infalli bility and conscience may come into con flict. Infallibility presides over tho domain of thought; it defines tho doctrine, and lays down the general principle and tho abstract truth. It is the province of conscience to apply that doctrine, principle, or trutli to eacli particular action, and to consider what course of conduct may be right or wrong, justifiable or otherwise, in the par ticular case and in the peculiar circum stances that may arise. Need I remind you of the words of one who for the past half century spoke with marvellous effect to the mind and to the heart of the religious public in England: — "Conscience is not a long-sighted selfishness, nor a desire to be consistent with oneself; hut it is a mes senger from Him who, both in nature aud in grace, speaks to us behind a veil, and teaches and rules us by His representa tives. Conscience is the aboriginal vicar of Christ, a prophet in its informations, a monarch in its peremptoriness, a priest in its blessings and anathemas, and, even though the eternal priesthood throughout tho Church should cease to bo, in it the sacerdotal principle would remain and would have a sway." TI-IE DEAN OF BALLARAT'S PREPOS TEROUS OPINION. And here I may be permitted to refer to the statement of Catholic doctrine which, as reported in the public press, an Angli can dignitary a few weeks ago came all the way from Ballarat to present to our Sydney citizens. I have cited inany ab surd and preposterous opinions imputed to us by those who misrepresent tho teaching of the Catholic Church, but the statement made by the worthy Dean of Ballarat in some features of extreme folly outstrips them all. The meaning of tho Papal au thority and Infallibility, he gravely tells us, is that the episcopate of tho Catholic Church is set aside, so that now the Pope becomes the one and only Bishop. Well, some people havo eyes, and see not, and it ia only on somo such a supposition I can understand how a man of ability and learning can broach such an opinion, even in Australia, twenty-five years after tho Vatican Council. Ladies and gentle men, I need not say to you that such is not the Catholic teaching. Indeed, it would not be easy to devise a theory moro repugnant to the whole tenor of Ca tholic doctrine. There were twelve chosen Apostles, and when St. Peter was invosted with special power and prerogative as a centre and bond of unity, the rest did not cease to exercise their apostolate. Even so tho Sovereign Pontiff is heir to St. Peter's prerogatives and dignity, and this does not lessen in any way the authority and privi leges which tho Catholic bishops inherit from tho Apostolic body. On tho contrary, the successor of St. Peter, faithful to his mission to "confirm his brethren," has at all times been tho mainstay aud the pillar of strength of the Catholic Episcopate. Tho worthy Dean of Ballarat cites the words of St. Gregory the Great, in which that Pon tiff repudiates the title of Universal Bishop. But Pope Leo XIII. would be the first to emphatically repudiate tho same title in tbo manner and sense in which it was under stood in those days. And why does tho Dean forgot to remind his enlightoned audi ence that in tho long line of Pontiffs it would be difficult to find ouo who set forth with greater precision or more unflinching ly asserted tho exalted prerogatives of St. Peter's Seo than tho great Pope St. Gregory. Writing to tho Emperor Maurice, ho thus lays down tho Catholic teaching: "It is evident to all who know the Gospel that by the voico of tho Lord tho caro of tho wholo Church was committed to Saint Potor, tho princo of all the Apostles. For to him it is said: 'Feed my sheep;' 'Peter, I havo prayed for thee;' 'Thou aro Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church;' etc.- Behold ho receives the keys of tho Heavenly Kingdom. Tho power of binding and loosing is given to him. To him is given the caro and government of tho wholo Church." (Epp. lib, 4, Ep. 32.) With tho like inconsistency the Dean appeals to Per© Gratry, whom ho stylos "a leading member of the Roman Church/' and who used tho words, "The Petrine claims are gangrened with fraud." But here, again, the Dean forgets to toll his audience that as Pore Gratry himself explained in a lot to)? to tho "Correspondent/' on 25th of Feb- ruary, 1872, he used those OxprofiBlona to condemn, not the Catholic doctrine, but those preposterous and absurd tenets to which I hnve already referred, which men falsely and insolently imputed to tho Church, whilst he, at tho same time, de clared that he cordially accepted, and with true filial piety would over defend, tho genuine teaching of Catholic faith. ALL WANDERERS INVITED. It now only remains that, as a conclusion from the remarks which I have made, I would ask you to extend your most cordial sympathy to those who are yearning tor the reunion of Christendom. The scattered nations that enjoy the blessings of Chris tian civilisation justly acclaim the wisdom and enlightenment of the illustrious Pon tiff Leo XIII., who. with true paternal af fection, has invited all wanderers to ha gathored into tho one spiritual fold. IL bas summoned the faithful to unite i:i prayer to the Most High that in the ways of divine mercy this grand and glorious re sult may be accomplished; and I trust that all our earnest and energetic Australian may fervently correspond to the wishes of his Holiness. THE CHURCH STANDS UNMOVED. The Church of Christ, founded upon the divinely-strengthened rock, stands unmoved amid tho storms and tempests with which a hostile world assails it. She Is as radian; to-day with the light oE truth, as unwearied in preserving to man tho treasures of re demption, as beneficent in imparting the blessings of heaven, as when, all fair ami comely, she first came from the Redeemer's hands. She never ceases to invite those who are In darkness to hasten to enjoy the divine radiance of heavenly truth, aud she summons to the calm and peace and reli gious joy of the saving fold those who are weary of tho burden of their miseries, or tossed about by the whirlwinds of varying doctrines and human deceits. Who can de scribe the consolation of soul, tho joy, the gladness that becomes the happy lot of those who hearken to her summons, and, following the dictates of conscience and guided by the gentle light of divine mercy, are privileged to find a refuge and a homo in the bosom of Holy Church? ECSTACY OF A CONVERT. Let Mr. Brownson, the acute philosopher and distinguished publicist of tbe Uuited States, who, after many years' wandering, was led at length to the repose and peace of Catholic truth, recount his own experi ences on his conversion. "The convert to tho Church," he says, "is the prisoner liberated from the BastUe; a weight is thrown from his shoulders, the manacles fall from his hands, and the fetters from his feet; he feels as light and as free as tho air. and ho would chirp and sing as the bird. This world changes its hue to bis eyes; and he runs and leaps under tbe blue sky of a boundless universe. His thoughts, his mind, his very soul, aro lighted up aim revel in tho freedom of truth. He feels that he has something whereon he can stand; that he has no longer to hear up tho Church, but that the Church can bear him up. He is conscious of an unfailing sup port, and no longer fears that he is in danger every step he takes of having his footing give way and of falling through. His heart bounds with a sense of unlimited freedom, and with a joy unspeakable. Ho experiences in his soul and through all his frame the truth of our Lord's words to tbe Jews, 'If the Son make you free, you shall be free indeed.' " THE CONCLUDING APPEAL. With Mr, Allies tliey cry out, like Augus tine of old, "Too late have I found Thee who shouldst have fostered my childhood, and set Thy gentle and awful seal on my youth; who shouldst have brought me up in the serene regions of truth, apart from doubt and the long agony of uncertain years. O, too long sought, and too lato found; yet be it given to me to pass under Thy protection tho short remains of this troubled life, to wander no more from the fold, but to find the chair of the Chief Shepherd to be indeed 'the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.' " I may he permitted to conclude with the exquisitely beautiful words with which the illustrious Newman invited all who are outside the sav ing fold to become partakers of the bless ings which it was his own happy privilege to enjoy: "Oh, long sought after, tardily found, desire of the eyes, joy of the heart, tho truth after many shadows, the fulness after many foretastes, the home after many storms; come to her, poor wanderers, for she it is, and she alone, who can unfold the moaning of your being and the secret of your destiny." (Prolonged cheering.) Sir Julian Salomons, M.L.C., movod a vote of thanks to the Cardinal for the intellectual treat which had been provided tbein. As one of thousands of friendly survivors of the ancient race who bad long forgotten, and altogether forgiven, the injustice of the past, he felt himself honored in being ask ed to perform this duty. He would not pre sume to express any opinion upon the sub ject of the Cardinal's address. As far as he could judge, there wore porliaps somo things in it to which ho would not give his unqualified assent; but that could not pre vent him from deploring tbe dissensions which split up the Christian Church into contending factions. We were living in a time when all that raised life above tho level of the brute was being assailed by tbose to whom nothing was sacred. (Cheers.) It was a time when tho two great branches of tho Christian religion might unite toge ther to illustrate real religion by action. (Cheers.) He had come there that evening to bear humble testimony to the desire that seemed to be general that all should seek out those things upon which they were agreed, and leave at the social table In silence those upon which they could not. 1-Ie did not mean that thero should he any thing of hyprocisy, or that a man should in any way give up the belief of his childhood, confirmed iu his manhood, and for which he would die, but there was a time and a fit ness for all things; and when they saw around them masses of festering corruption, a general low level of conduct, an almost impossibility of getting the truth in courts of justice, they were bound to find out what was common between them and other re ligionists, and put rorth a combined effort to make men's lives honest. (Applause.) He saw nothing whatever to hold him back from loudly proclaiming the necessity cf all those who had true religion in their hearts joining together to save the people of this country from further degradation. (Cheers.) Mr. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., seconded tho voto of thanks, questioning why Christians should continue to turn their wcapous against each other instead of against tho common foe of socialism, infidelity, and anarchy. (Cheers.) The motion of thanks to the Cardinal was carried amidst cheers. On the motion of his Eminence, seconded j by Mr. Copeland, M.P.— who likewise urged that the forces of Christianity should he j directed against the foe of humanity— a j voto of thanks was also accorded to Mr. Barton for presiding. I 