CHASED BY A SHARK. 1 I havo bean in various parts of the globe ;j like Ulysses, have seen many cities and peoples; and, like him, have been through many advon turcs. Amongst tho last-named thoro is ono which lias dinted itself in my memory in its every detail. The scone was the most beautiful harbour in tho world— Rio Janicro. We were lying off tho town in our quarantine berth, for yellow fever had got ahead of the sanitary arrangements, and was just knocking tho climate and the people into fits, when two or. three compagQons do voy&go; suggostcd a bath iu the briny. It was insufferably hot, and tho very mention of a balh was enough to tempt St. Anthony j himself. Had wo boen Evos, apples wouldn't1 have had the ghost of a chance, but being | Adams, the excessive nature of the sweat of our brow clearly pointed to a bath as being the most persuasive tomptation to succumb to. Of course1 wo lived to repent of our fall. Two shakes of a duck's tail aro not usaally supposed to extend over a lengthy period, and it' took jusb about that time for us to- run down the gangway ladder, separately' deposit a flannel shirt and trousers, pins sooka and shoes, on tbe lower steps, and leap into the cool, bluo water. It also took about tbat period of time to got 50 fathoms— say 100 yards— astern of tbe steamer, for Rio has a tide of its own — w© learnt that by experience. Of coarse, had we mentioned onr bnthing \ jpeosity to any of tho officers wa shov d have: boen duly notified as to tides and! sharks and other inoonvenient arrange ments, but, you see, we didn't ! The tide was running seven miles an hour — arrate I had onoe experienced in tho green and swirling: waters of tbo Aar, where ib rushes round tho quaint old town of Berne— and as we turned- and swam for tho steamer wo found it very hard to mako up lost ground. My companions, wore some yards ahead of me, for I had been tho first to leap. Slowly and firmly I throat my arms forward and swept thorn round. Strongly and regularly I spurned the water with toy feet. 1 No one had seen us start, as far as we knew, and tho lost ground had to bo regained yard by yard, almost inoh by inch. There was nothing for Rbufe to swim ordriltout to sea. Naturally we preferred to swim. I suppose wo had covered some sixty yards or. so when suddenly thero came a shout from the steamer. Tho chief officer was standing ou the taffrail, and what he shouted gave me a feeling the nearest thing to cramp I ever folt. 44 Look out, you follows ! Swim for your lives! There's a shark astern of you." Great heaven ! Of course there wero sharks— any number of them— in the bay. Fools that we were, we bad forgotten it. 44 Swim for your lives !" I shouted to- my two; companions, and with that I relapsed into silence and swam for my lito. There is a certain emotion possible to man,4 which used to be oalled trepidation. It in now more generally called 44 funk." At that) precise moment of my life— a very critical) moment, you will doubtless agree with me— Ii was wholly, completely, from tho hair of my head to the tips of my toes, possessed with funk. It wonld be more than ordinarily diffi cult for hair which has been iutermittentlgj ducked in tho , water for several minutes to: stand upright. Yot mine did. "When your knees are separated as far as is, possible for tbem to separate in that drawn-nj position peculiar to swimming, you might, nob. expect them to knock together. Bab I can< assure you mine did. Tbo expert swimmer— and I flattered myself I was ho— rigorously keeps bis mouth abut and his teeth set. Yet my teeth chattered, and my jaws convulsively- gaped to suoh an extent tbat I began to yearn for a stomach'pnmp. I never did fully appre ciate the taste of salt water. Not one moment, however, was to be lost,, for quickly turning my head, I saw the blaolc fin of the merciless brute silently but rapidly cleaving tbe water, and momentarily gaining on me. My companions turned to look almost at tbe same moment. Palo as death, with bloodless lips and an expression iu thoir eyes whidh I hope I may never again see in a human being, they wore straining every nerve to breast that cruel tide, urging their bodies through the water with desperate efforts, and gazing at the great black bull of the steamer with on almost wild despair. I saw all this in a moment, and, as 1 renewed my own efforts with redoubled vigour, an ioy grasp seemed to tighten round my heart, my head, my limbs, and tell mo that in a few more minutes I should he a bleeding, mangled un recognisable mass in the jaws of the cruellest and most voracious monster of the doep. The st conds passed ; thoy seemed like hours, 1 lived my life over again in the space of those three or four minutes, and yet I know that tbe horrors of my impending fate sped swiftly through roy mnddened brain, and revealed to tbe very last detail all the agony t was destined to endure. I could see the swift stroke of tho shark as ho dived below me, the flash of bis white belly as he rolled ovur— for hia mouth being underneath hqmust turn over to bite— I could hear the sorunciiing of his jaws a» he seized my limbs aud tore at them, and, Oj God 1 1 could see the very last glimse of the sky. as I was dragged below the water, away from all possibility of help from my fellow-creatures from all hopes of life— to bo devoured ! ' My companions had reached the gangway— but there was no timo for that for me. A life belt attachod to a ropo was flung overboard,! and I strained every muscle to reach it. I could/ hear now the swift stealthy movemeut of thai brute as ho came nearer, and nearer and nearer. I made one last desperate plunge for the belt— I caught it I Instantly was I pullod out of tho water, and I saw the white belly of the shark as; he leaped to seize mo, but, a full yard below R 1 knew then that I was saved — saved from the' agonies of an awful death— and the ncxtf moment I fell senseless on the deck. 