traveller.' Celestial Oddities.— The Chinese weai white during the periods oi mourning, never black. They whiten their shoes with chalk instead of blacking thorn, and mount their horses from tho oil side. The men in Ohinn wear tho petticoats, while the women inva riably wear pantaloons. Mcu run the dress- making and millinery stores, and every man carries a fan, cither in bis hand or tucked in tho collar of his dress behind the neck. Women smoke on nil occasions. When a man has suffered an injury at the hands of another I and desires revenge, instead of killing his offender be kills himself, believing that the man whom he bntcs will bo hold accountable for his death, and will be fearfully tormented by demons in this world and in the next. If n Chinaman wishes to especially honor any one, lie assigns him to a standing or sitting position on his left band. Instead of a Japan- ' ese woman eompressing her feet as her , Chinese sister dues, Bhe has n custom farmoro I disgusting. They naturally have fine teeth, I but when a woman marries she is compelled by custom to dye her teeth black, widen pro cess is repeated every few years. Tho effect is hideous iu the extreme. The moBt import ant nrticle of a native woman's dress, Ib the obi, or sash. This is usually of costly mate- rial, and is tied behind in a huge bow with the strictest care. When a Japanese woman becomes a widow and signifies herdctermina- tion nevor to marry again, she ties the obi in front. They seem to smoke all the time. _ The tiny Japanese pipe contains but two or three whiffs, and as the tobacco is rolled up tightly in the fingers before it is inserted, the ash when shaken out is a small fireball, from which aqecond pipe is lighted. Atn Japan ese feast the same cup is passed from baud to hand, each person rinsing it in a bowl of water after using and before offering it to another. The lowest class of Japnnosc are buried in a squatting position, in a sort of barrel. It is a mistake to suppose that tho burying of the dead is universal in Japan. Ths rich and the noble are buried In square coffins, the body being partially preserved from decay by filling the nose, ears and mouth with vormillion. After death tho person receives n new name. This name is " Okwuna " or the accompanying name. It is customary on accnsion of the first visit toa bouse to carry n present to the ownor, who gives something of equal valuo on returning the visit. Cats ia Japan ars found with itumps where there should be tails. Some times this is the result of art, and sometimes the course of nature. All the temples of Japan, as well as of China, have guests' apartments, which may be secured for a con sideration, either for a short or long period of time. It is wrong to suppose tbat tiiore is nny desecration of a sacred shlue for the pur pose of using it as a hostelry ; it is the cus tom of the country. The practice of suicide by disembowelling is of great antiquity. On entering a Japanese house the native re moves (bis sword, leaving only his dirk, I The rooms of the house are divided by paper : soreens, which form partitions, and they may be made' into one room at will. Dynamite for Sltarka.— There are not many ways of destroying this hated and dreaded sea-tiger. To harpoon it needs a practised eye and a canning band ; more over the vessel should be nt anchor or be calmed and the shark Btenlthily moving within reach of tho hnrpooner's muscle. The lump of beef or pork, the large book con nected by a chain to tho line, the adroit paying out of tho bait in tho true spirit of malignant coquetry — thoso are tho old fashioned and Btill enduring devices, whioh lmvo been the reason of many thousand of the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ghost, and then returning to the deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as food for other sharks. But, unhappily, this method of fishing is not Bure. Tho creaturo often escapes after gorging the hook. To maka bis destruction certain it is necessary to blow him up ; nnd this has lately been per formed with such great Buccess as not only to entitle those who undertook the business to the applause of the seafaring world, but to invite earnest imitation whenever oppor tunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related : A ship was lately laying off Port Natal, when several huge sharks, sorao of them oxceeding fifteen feet in length, were observed sweeping under the vessel's counter nnd along her sides. A hook was baited and thrown over board, aud was immediately swallowed by one of tho biggest of the sharks, which quietly cut tho lino with his tooth, taking no further notice of it. Tho following atra. tagem was then hit upon The brenst of a buck that was Tather " high," and tho flttar bait in consequence for sharks, who cannot bo regarded as very nico in their eating, was weighted that' it might sink -, and inside of it there waa placed a band charge of gun cotton, tho whole boing connected by a wire withaneleetrio battery. No sooner had the venison reaohod tho water than tho shark made straight for it, but just as he opened his mouth to swallow the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws bolhg completely shattered. The monster turned on his baok and sunk in tho bay. Here is a satisfactory assurance that there is one Bhark leas in tho sea, though suoh is ttiis fish's ox- traordinary tenncity of lifts that, bad tho shark not mode a sure death sign by turning on Its hack and quietly sinking, tho blowing away of pnrt of tho head would not have persuaded thoso who know tho creature's vi. tnlity to feel sure that he was dead. Out a bark Into piooes, and liko fragments of the ovorlostlng "orm, each picco will go on puis. Ing with a hideous Instanco of life. 