TALES AND SKETCHES. SONS OF FIRE. By MISS BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley'b Secret," "The Fatal Three," " Tub Day Will Come," "Thb Doctor's Wife," "Tugu Art tub MAH I" &o.; all riqut8 reserved. Chatter XL —The Master of Discombe. Mrs. Wornook'e frank rovolation of her girlish love and self-sacrifice lifted a burden from Allan's heart and mind. He had been in terested in her. aud attracted towards ber, from that fir«t summer noontide when he studied her thoughtful foot in the village church, and when bo lingered among the villagers' graves to hear her play. Hie sympathy had grown with every hour he spent in her sooiety, aud he had been deeply grateful for the friendship which had ho cordially included him and the girl he loved. It bad been very paiuful to him to believe that this sweet maunered woman belonged to the fallen ones of the earth, that her graces were the graeos of a Magdalen, most painful to think that she wan no flttiug companion fur the girl who bad so readily responded to her friendly ad vances. The cloud was lifted now, and he felt ashamed of all his past doubt and suspicions. Ho re- speoted Mrs. Wornock for her rofnoal to meet bis father in tho beaten way of friendship He was touched by the devotion which harl brought her creeping to his windows under tho cover of night to look upon the face of her beloved. He resolved that he would do all that in him lay to atone for the wrong his thoughts had douo her, that he would be to her, indoed, as a ssooud son, and that he would cultivate her son's friendship in a brotherly spirit. He stopped in the corridor on tho morning after that interview to study the portrait of the young man whoso likeness to himself had now resolved itself into a psychological mystery, and be oould but see that it was a likeness of tho mind rather than of the fleih, a rcsomblanee in eharaoter and expression far more than in actual lineaments. "He is vastly my Buperiorin looks," thought Aliau, as ho studied tho lines of that boldly limned face. "Ho has his mother's finely chiselled features, his mother's delicate coloring. There is a shade of effeminaoy, otherwise the faoe would be almost faultless. And to mistake thin faoe for that ! Absurd !" muttered Allan, eatohingtho reflection of his sunburnt forehead and strongly marked nose and chia in the Venetian glass that hung at right augles with | the picture. Re beard the organ whUo the footman paused with hi hand on the door, waiting to announee the visitor. Tho simpler music, the weaker touch, told him that the pupil was playing. " Plaaao don't atop," ho cried, as he went in, " I waut to hear if the pupil is worthy of her mUtrexs." Mrs. Wornoolc came to meet htm, and Suzetto went on playing with only a imileand a nod to ber sweetheart. " She is getting on capitally, Sbo is an enthusiast about musio," announced Mrs. Wor- nook. " How elate you are looking this morning !" "I have good news. My eon is on his way borne." " i congratulate you." "Hois coming home for his long leave, I shall have him for nearly a year." " How happy you shall be. I have just been studying his portrait." " You aro so liko him." "Oh, only a rough copy— aoharcoalsketoh on coarse paper — nothing to boaet of," said Allan, with a curious laugh. He was watching Suzette to see if she were in terested in the expeoteu arrival She played on, hnr eyes intent alternately upon the page of musio in front of her, and upon the stops whioh he was learning to use. There was no stumbl ing in the notes or halting in tho time She played the simple legato passages smoothly and carefully, and seemed to pay no heed to their talk. Allan would have been Igri than human, per haps, If his first thought on bearing of Geoffrey's recurn had not been of the influence be might exeroiie upon Suzetto — whether In him she would recognise the superior and moro attractive personality. " No," he thought, ashamed of tb&t; jealous fear whioh wah so quiok to foreBCo a rival. "Suzotte lian given me her heart, and it must be my own fault if I oan'c keep it, Women are our superiors, at least in this, that they are not so easily caught by tho modelling of a face ot the rich tones of a complexion. And shall I think bo moAnly of my sweet Suzetto as to Buppoflo that my happiness is in danger because someono moro attractive than myself appears Upon the scene? When we spend our flrat season in London as man and wife, sht will have to run the gantlet of all the agreeable men in town, Boldiem and sailors, nctora and painters, ingenuous young adorers and hoary headed flatterers— the whole army of Satan that tnaketh war upon innocence end beauty. No, I am not afraid. She has a fine brain and a noble heart. She is not the kind of woman to jilt a lover or betray a husband. I am safe in loving her." H< had need to aomfort himself, for the hour of trial was nearer than bethought. He went to Disoombo before lunobeon on the morning after he had heard of Geoffrey's return. H« went expecting to find Suzotte at the organ and to hear the latter part of tho loason. Ho was not a oonnoixsenr, but ho loved musio well enough to lote to hear hta sweetheart play, and to be able to dixtingulsh every shode of Improve metu in hsr performance. To-day, howevor, the organ watt silent ; the youth who blew the bellows was chasing a wasp in the oonidor, and the room into which Allan was ushered was empty. "The ladieB are in the garden, sir," laid tho footman. " Shall X tell my mistress that you &re; hero?" No, thanks, I'll go and look for the ladies." The autumn morning was bright and mild, and one of the French window was open. Allan hurried out to the garden, and looked down the oypress avenue. The long petspective of smooth shaven' lawn was empty. Tbero was no one loitoring by the fountain. Tiiey were in tho summer house — the olnnio temple whore Mrs. Wornock had sunk into uuoonsoioueness at the sound of hie father's name, where ho had lived through the most embarrassing experience of his life. He oould diitfuguish Mr#. Wornook's black gown, and Snzette's terra-cotfca frcok, a cloth frwsjf fwm tho Salisbury tailor, wbioh he had greatly, admired. But there was another figure that punlcd him— an unfamiliar figure In grey —a mans, figure. 1 .NoottUad the grata walk seemed so long, or tno teipplb so remotes. Yes, that third figure was deoufodly masculine. TTiere was no optical deluaipfi as to the sex of tbe stranger. There wastfo petticoat hidden behind the marblo table. As he drew nearer he saw that the intruder was a young man, sitting in a lounging attitude, with his arras resting on the tabic, and hie shoulders loaning Forward to bring him nearer to the two ladies ssatod opposite. Ho felt that it would be undignified to run, but he walkod oo fast in his eagerness to dis cover tho identity of the interloper tbac he was in an undignified perspiration when he arrived. "Allan, poor Allan, how you have been run ning," exolnimod Susette. "I was vexed with myualf for losing the whole of your organ lessons," said Allan, shaking hands with Mrs. Wornook, aud gazing at the stranger aa at a ghost. Yen, it was Geoffrey Wornook. Even his hurried reflections during that hurried walk had told Allan that it must bo he, and none other. No one else would be admitted to the familiarity of tho garden and summer house. Mrs. Wor nook bad no casual visitors, no intimate friends, except Suzette and himself. "There has been no organ lesson this morn ing, Allan," Mrs. Wornock told him, her (aco radiant with happiness. "Suzetto and I have been surprised out of all sober occupations and ideas. This son of mine took it into his head to come home nearly a fortnight before I ex pected him. He arrived as suddenly as if he had dropped from the ekiex. He did not even telegraph to be met at the station." "A telegram would have taken the edge off the tuirpriHe, mother," said tho man in grey, standing up tall and straight, but slenderly built. Allan felt himself a coarse gladiatorial sort of person besido this elegant and refined look ing young man.. Nor was there anything effeminate about that graoeful figure to whioh an envious critio oould take exoeption, Soldier ing had given that air of manliness which can co-exist with a thread papor figure and a girlish waist. " Geoffrey, this is Allan, of whom you know so much." " They tell mo that you and I are very much alike, Mr. Carew,"said Geoffrey, with a pleasant l&ugh;, "and ray mother tells me that you and I arc to take kindly to each other, and in fact she expects to see us by way of being adopted brothers— I don't quite know what that means — whether we aro to ride eaeh other's horses, ami make freo with eaoh other's guns, or go halves in a yacht or a racehorse. " "I want you to like each other — to be real friends," said Mrs. Wornook earnestly. "Then don't eny another word about it, mother. Friendship under that kind of pro tecting influenoo rarely oomcs to any good ; but I am quite prepared to liko Mr. Carew on hie own aocount, and I hopo he may be able to like mo on tbc same poor grounds." Ho had an airy way of dixmiuing the subject which set them all at their ease, and stcored them away from the rooks and shoals of Benfci- ment. Mr. Wotnook, who had been on the verge of weeping, smiled again, and led Geoffrey i off to look at the gard«ns, and all the improve ments which bad been effected during hie three years' absence, leaving tbe lovers to follow or not as they pleaded. The lovers stayed in tho snmmer house, feel ing that mother and son would like to bo alone and mother and non strolled on side by side, looking like brother and sinter. "My dearest," said Mrs. Wornock, tenderly, slipping her arm through her son's directly they were really alone, and out of sight, in the old quadrangular garden, walled round by dense hedges of oliped ilex, a garden laid out in a geo metrical pattern, and with narrow gravel pAths intersecting the fiowor beds. The glory of all gardens was over. There were only a few linger ing dahlias, and prim asters lifting up their gaudy discs to tho sun, and bods of marigolds of diffeient shades, from pale yellow to deopest orangt. " My dearest, how glad I am to have you. I begin to live again now you have oome homo." "And I am very glad to be at home, mother," answered her son, smiling down upon her, fondly, protectingly, but with that light tone which marked all he said. "But it seems to me you have been very much alive while I have boon sway, with this young maa of yours who is almost an adopted Bon." "My heart went out to him, Geoffrey, be cause of his likness to you." "A dangerous precedent. Yoa might meet half a dozen snob likeuessea in a London season. It would hardly do for your heart to go out to them tli. You would be coming home with a large family — by adoption." "There is no fear of that. I don't go into sooiety, and I don't think if I did I should meat anyone like Allan Oarow." Geoffrey could but note tho tenderness in her tone ae »he epoko Allan's name. "And who 1 this double of mloe, mother; and what Is ho, and bow does ho oome to bo engaged to that dainty, dark eyed girl?" "You like Suzetto?" "Yes, I like her — she is a nice, winning thing — not wtartlingly pretty, hut altogether nice. I like the way that dark oilky hair of hers breaks up into tiny curls about her forehead— and she has fine oyes " "India has made you eritloal, Gseffrsy." "Not India, but a native disposition, mother dearest. In India we have often to put up with second best in the way of beauty, faded earna- tions, tired eyes', hollow oheeks ; but the young womon have generally plenty to say for them selves. They can talk and they can dance. They aro oduoatcd for the marriage market before they are sent out." His mother langhed, but hnng on to his arm admiringly. In her opinion, whatever he said was either wise or witty. All his impertinenoes wero graoeful. His Ignorance was better than other psople'e knowledge.' "You have not neglected your violin, I hope, Geoffrey?" " No, mother. My good little Strad has been my friend and comrade In many a quiet hour while tho other fellows were playing cards, or telling stale stories. I shall be very glad to play the old de Berlot duets again. Yoar fingers have not lost their cunning, I know." "I havo played a great deal while you were away. I have bad nothing else to think about." "Exoept Allan Oarew." " Ho has not made much difference. He oomeB and goes as he likes— especially when Suzetto is here. I sit at my organ or piano and let them wander about and amuse themselves." " What an indulgeut chapsron." " I knew what the end must be, Geoffrey. I knew from the first that they were in love with eaoh other. At least 1 knew from the very first that he was in lore with her." "You were not so euru about the lady ?" " A girl is too shy to let her feelings be rend easily ; but I oould seo she liked his society. They used to i&mblo; about tbe garden together like children. They ware too happy not to be in love." "Does boing in love mean happiness, mother? Don't you think there is a middle state botwesn indifference aud passion— a cordial, comfortable, sympathetic friendship which is far happier than love. It has no cold fits of doubt, no hot fits of jealousy. From your account of these young people I que -ion if they were ever really in love. Your Oatew looks essentially oommon- place. I don't give him credit for much imagin ation." " You will understand by-and-bye, dearest." The mother was looking up at the newly re gained son, admiring him, and beginning to fanoy that she had done him an injustice in thinking that Allan resembled him. He was muoh handsomer than Allan, ami thore was something picturciquo and romantio in his countenance and bearing whioh appealed to a woman's fancy ; a look as of the Lovelaces and Dorsecs of old, tho courtiers and soldiers who could write a love song on tbo evo of a bloody battle, or daace a minuet at midnight, and fight a duel at dawn. Hi manner to his mother was playful and protecting. Ho had nob tho air of thinking her tho wisest of women, bat no one oould doubt that he loved her. Tho summer house was empty when they went back to it, and there was a pencilled noto on tho marble table addreusod to Mrs. Wor nook. " Allan is going to seo me homo in timo to give father his tiffin, and I think yoa and Mr. Wornock will like to havo tho day to your selves. I shall oomo for my organ lesson to morrow at II, unless you tell me to stop away — " Ever, dear Mrs. Wornock, your own " Suzette." " Pretty taotful soul ! Of course we want to be alone," said Geoffrey, reading the note over his mother's siiuulder. " First you shall give me the best lunch that Discombo oan pro vide ; and then we will drive round and look at everything. And we will devote the evening to do Beriob I must go up to town by an early train to- morrow." " Running away from me so soon, Geoffrey ?" " Now, mother, it's base ingratitudo to say that. I've hardly given myself breathing time since I lauded at Briudiii, because I wanted to push home to you, font of the very first. I shall only be in London & day or two. I want to see what kind of homos arc boing sold at Tatter- sail's, and I may run down to look at the Belhas hunters. Remember, I -haven't a horse to ride." " There aro your old hunters, Geoffrey." " Three dear old crocks. Admirable au pen sioners, not to carry eleven stone to hounds. No, mother, I'm afraid there's nothing in your stables that will be good for more than a cover hack." Mrs. Wornook sighed faintly in tho midst of her bliss. She had a womanly horror of hunt ing and all ltd perils, and in her heart of hearts was always on the side of the fox ; but she knew that without hunting and shooting Discombe Manor would very soon paU upon hor son, dilettante, and jRck-of-all-trades though ho was. Musio alone—1 passionately as ho loved it — would not keep him contented. Allan and Suzette strolled home under tho bright blue sky. These late days in October wero the Indian summer of tbo year, & season in whioh it was a joy to live, especially in the land whero the smoke curling upward hero and there in silvery weathtfrom wood fi.ei, only suggested homeliness and warmth, not filth and fog. They sauntered slowly though the rustic lanes, and their talk was naturally of tho new arrival. " Is he tho kind of yoaog man yon expeoted him to bo?" asked Suzette. There was no occasion to bo more specifie in one's mention of him. There could but bo one young man in their thoughts to-dny. "I don't know that I had formed anyexpccta- tions about him." " Oh, Allan, that can't be true. Yon must have thought about him, after everybody telling yoa of tho likeness. Remember what you told me in our very firnt dance— bow dreadfully bored yon had been about him, and how glad you were that I didn't know him ?" "My being bored— and I was horridly — was no reason why my imagination should dwell upon him. If I thought of him at all, I thought of him just as he is— the image of his portrait by Millais— and a very good looking and well set up young man— so much bettor looking than my humblo self that I wonder at any one's seoing a likeness between the two faoes.. "Is ho bettor looking, Allan ? I know I liko yoar face best." "I'm glad of that, since you will havo to put up with my faoe for a life long companion." "Allan, how grumpily you said that." "Did I, Suzic? I'm afraid I'm a brute. I am beginning to find uut disagreeable depths in my olinraatcr." She looked at him with a puzzled air— so sweetly innocout, so free from any baokward reaching thought— that mado him happy again. He took up the little hand hanging looso at her side and kissed it. " Let ub drop in apon Aunt Mornington, and ask her for lunch," he said, as thoy came within sight of Marsh House. " I don't feel like part ing with you juatyofc, Suzle." "Quito impossible. I must be at homo for father's tiffin." "I forgot that sacred Institution. Well, Suzio, do you think it's posaiblo tho General might ask mo to share that important meal if ho saw me hanging about ? We oould go to tho links afterwards, eo that yoa might have the pleasure of sceiug how wildly I oan boat tho air?" Suzie laughed her assent to this proposition, and General Vincent, overtaking them five minutes afterwards on his usual hack, sustained an Anglo-Indian's reputation for hospitality by immediately inviting Allan to laneheon. Chapter XII.— Fate Intervenes. The return of Geoffrey Wornook made no essentinl differenoo in the lives of the lovors. Suzette continued hor organ practice ; Allan continued his visits to tho Manor House, and Suzetto and Allan wero much oftoner Mrs. Wornook's companions than her only son, whoso restless temper did not allow of his remaining long ia any one place, and for whom monotony of any klod was intolerable. He stayed in London for ft wook buying horses, and having brought home a airing of four, every one supposed to be matchless, he began hunting with tho vigor of a man whose appetite for that British sport had boea only sharpened by paper obases and polo in the tro pics. Not content with tho South Sarum, he travelled up and down tho line, hunted with the Vino from Basingstoko, and with the H. H. from Wlnoheator. He was up and away in tho grey November mornings after a 7 o'clock breakfast, and seldom homo in time for an 8 o'olook dinner. On tho days when thoro was no hunting to be had, hs flung himself into the delights of tho musio room with all tho ardor of a musical fanatic, and Allan and Suzetto wore content to listen in meek astonishment to per formances which wero far above tbe drawing- room amateur, although marked by certain imperfection and carelessness whioh seomed inevitable in a player whose ardor was too fitful for tho drudgery of daily practice. These mo-iica! days were the bright spots in Mrs. Wornock's existence, the chief bondof union between mother and son ; as if musio wero the only spell whioh oould hold this volatile spirit within the oircle of domestic love. "I like my mother to accompany me," said Geoffrey. " I have played with somo prodigious swells, but none of them has had her sympa thetic touch, her Instantaneous comprehension of my spontaneities. They oxpsoted me to be faultily faultless, instead of which I play dc Berlot as Chopin rued to play Chopin, indulging cvory caprico as to time." Geoffrey was occasionally present when one of the organ lessons was in progress. Ho was interested, but not so much so as to sit still and listen. Ho carried Aliau off to the billiard room, or the stable, before tbe lesson was half " What a happy little family we are," he said laughingly one day, as he and Allan were stroll ing stablewards. "My mother is almost as fond of your jiantfc as if she were her daughter." " Your mother is a very amiable woman, as well as a giftsd woman," "Gifted? Yes, that's tho word. She is all enthuiiiasro. There hove been no spiritualists or supernatural people hero lately, I suppose ? " " No," "I'm glad of that. My poor mother loses ber head when that kind of people aro in the way. She is ready to boliovo in their nonsen#. She wants to believe. She wants to seo visions and to dream dreams. She has secluded her self from the world of the living, and sbo would ive half her fortune if she could bring the ead into her drawingroom. Poor dear mother ! How many weary hours she has spent waiting for materialisations that have never material ised. I have never been abl# to convince her that all her spiritualistic friends Are pretenders and comedians. She tells me she knows that noma are charlatans ; but sho behoves that their theories are based upon eternal truths. She rebukes my scepticism with an appeal to the Witoh of Etidor. I dare not shock her by con fessing that I have my doubts even about tho Witoh of Kndor." He bad n way of making light of his mother's fancies and eccentricities which hsd in its gaiety no touoh of disrepect Gaiety was the chief characteristic of his temperament, as it was with Snzette. Ho brought a new element of mirth- fQlnesa into tho life at Discombo Manor ; but with tbis happy temperament there was tho drawback of au eager desire for change and movement whioh disturbed the atmoaphoro of a bouse whoso ohief charm to Allan's mind had been its sober quiet, the atmosphere of old world peace. Allan stndiad this young man's oh&raoter; closely, studied him and thought of him much more than he wanted to think of him, and vainly struggled against any uneasy feeling that in every superiority of this now acquain tance there lurked a danger to his own happi ness. " He is handsomer than I am," mused Allan, ; in one of his despondent moods. "He has a gayer temper— Suzette's own temper — which sees all things in tho happiest light. I sit and watoh them, listen to them, and feel myself worlds away from them both; and yot if sho were freo to-morow bo could never love her as I love her. There, at least, I am the superior. He has no suoh power of ooncentration as I have. To his frivolous nature no woman oould ever be mil in all." These despondent moods were luckily not of long duration. On Suzette's part there had not been the faintest sign of wavering ; and Allan felt ashamed of the jealous fears which fell over and anon liko a blnok cloud across tho sunny proxpsot of his life. However valiantly ho might : struggle against that lurking jealousy, there wore occasions upon which he could not master it, and his darkest hours were those during whioh ho sat in tho musio room at Discombe, and heard Suzoite and Geoffrey playing con- cert&nte; duets for violin and piano. It seemed to him as the violinist bent over tbs pretty dark bead, to turn a leaf, or to oxplain a passage in the piano score, that for these two thore was a language whioh he knew not, a language in whioh mind spoke to mind, and perhaps heart to heart. "Who could keep the heart altogether out of the question when that roost eloquent of all languages w&3 making its impassioned appeal. Every long drawn legato chord upon tho Strad, every delicate diminuendo of the sighing strings, the tremulous bow so lightly held in the long lissom fingors, sounded like an avowal. " I love you, I lovo you, I lovo you," sobbed the violin; "how oan yonoare for that dumb, I sonseies brute yonder, when I am tolling my love in heavenliest sounds, in strains that thrill along every nerve, and tremble at the door of your be&rt; ? How oan you caro for that dumb dog, or care how you hurt him by your incon stancy ?" Possessed by these evil fancies, Allan started up from bis seat in a remote window, and began to paon the room in tbo midst of a De Beriot sonata, to whioh Suzotte had been promoted sifter a good deal of praetice in less brilliant musio. "What's tbe matter, old fellow?" asked Geo ffrey, noting that impatient promenade; "was I out of tune?" "No, you were only toomuoh in tune." "How do you mean ? I don't understand "Iait likely you can understand me — or I yon ?" cried Allan, impetuously. "You have a language whioh I have not, a sense whioh is lacking in m«. You and Suzette are in a para dise whose gate I can't open. Don't think me an envious, churlish kind of follow, if I some times grudge you your happiness." " But, my dear Allan, you are foqd of musio —yon liko listening—" "No, I don't. I have had too mueh listening, too muoh of bcitig out of it. Put on your hat, Suzetto, and come for ar-wa!k. I am tired to death of your Do Borlot." Mrs. Wornook was sitting a little way from the piano, reading. She lookad up wonderingly at this outburst. Nevor before bad Allan betn guilty of suoh rough sppeoh in her presence. Never before had ho spoken with such rudo authority to Suzette. " If our musio has not tho good fortune to Titnfmft von. I won'd snecrest that there aro evoral rooms in this house where you would not boar it," said Geoffrey laying down his I fiddle. All the brightness had faded from hia counte- nanoo, leaving it very pale. Suzette looked from one to the other with an expression of piteous dia'resa. The two young men stood looking at eaoh otbor, Allan flushed and fiery, Geoffrey's pallid face fixed and Btern, with an anger whioh was stronger than the occasion warranted. Thoy were sufficiently alike to make any ill will between them seem like a brothers' quarrel " You are very good, but I would rather bo out of doors. Are you coming, Suzetto?" " Not till I have finished the sonata," she answered quiotly, with a look whioh reproved hia rudeness, and then began to play. Qsoffrey took up bis fiddle, and the per formance was resumed as if nothing had hap pened. Mrs. Wornook rose and went to Allan. " Will you oomo for a stroll with me, Allan?" she asked, taking up the warm Indian shawl whioh lay on a chair near tho window. "It is not too cold for the garden." He oould not refuse such an invitation as thir, though it tortured him to leave those two alone at tbe piano. Ho opened the window, wrapped Mrs. Wornock in the shawl, and followed her to the lawn. "Allan, why were you angry jatt now?" tho asked. " Why ? Perhaps I had better tell yoa tho truth. I am miserable when I see the woman I love interested and enthralled by an art in whioh your son is a master— and of which I hardly know tbe ABC. I ask myself if sho can care for a creature so inferior as I am— if she on fail !o perceive his superiority." "Jealous, Allan ! Oh, I am so sorry. It was I who proposed that they should play ducts It was not Geoffroy's idea. I thought it would encourage Suzette to go on practising. You don't know tbo delight a pianist feels in accom panying a violin " " I think I can imagine it; Suzette takes very kindly to thoconcort&nte; practice." " She has Improved so much since I first knew her. She has such a talent for music. It never occurred to yoa that you oould object." "It never occurred to you that I could be ft jealous fool. You might jnst as well say that, , for no doubt you think it." " Yes, I think you are foolish to be jealous. Suzette is as true as teel; and I don't believe Geoffrey has the slightest inclination to fall in love with her." "Not at this moment, perhaps; but who knows what tender feelings those aulcet strains may bring ? However, Suzetto will be leaving tho neighborhood, I hope, in a few days." "Leaving us, yon hope !" 14 Yc#. My mother has written to invite her to Fendyke. She is to seo the White Farm, and get acquainted with all our Suffolk neigh bors, who dcelare themselves dying to see her, while I am shooting my father's pheasants." "You arc both going away then? I shall mh>s you sadly." "Yoa will have Geoffroy," "One day out of six, perhaps. He will be hunting or shooting alt tbe rest of tbe week." " Wo shall not he away very long. Z don't suppose General Vincent will spare us his daughter for moro than a fortnight or three week." "Suzette told me nothing about the invita tion." " She has not reeeived the lotter yet. Tim post had not oome in when she left home. X met the postman on my way here, and read my letters b I came along. De Boriot baa been too absorbing to allow of my telling Suzette about my mother's letter to mo. Shall we go back? Unless that sonata is interminable, it moat have come to an end before now." Mrs. Wornock turnod immediately. She saw Allan's uneasiness, and sympathised with him They went back to tho musio room, wfcfrre there was only silence. Suzette was etill standing in front of the musio stand, turning the leaves of the offending sonata. "Good-bye, dear Mrs Wornock," said Suzette, kissing her friend. Now, Allan, lain quite ready." Allan and Geoffrey shcok hands at parting, but not with the usual smiling friendliness "How oould you be so dreadfully rude, Allan," Suzette said with a pained voice, u they walked away from tho house; "You were quite hateful. " "I koow that. I am astounded at my own capaoity for hatefulness." "I shall play no more eononrtante daerts, though I havo enjoyed them more than anything in the way of musio. It was only the most ad vanced pupils at the Sacre Cceur who ever had accompanying lessons— and Bach happiness never fell to my share." 1 I should be very sorry to interfere with you — happiooss ; but I think, Sazcttc, if yoa eared for me half as muoh as I care for you you would understand bow it hurts me to see you so com pletely in sympathy with another man, and . happy with a happiness whioh Ioannot share." "Why should you not share oar happiness, Allan ? You are fond of mueio, I know." "Fond of musio— yes ; but I am not a musician. I camiot mako music as that young roan can. I eannot speck to you as be speaks to T you, in that language which is his and youra, and not mine. I am standing outside your world. I feel myself thrust for off from you, while he Is so near." " Allan I" eried Suzette, with a smile that was a pale shadow of ber old sportiveness, " oan yon actually bo jealous?" " I'm afraid I can." "Jealous about a man who is nothing to me except my dsar friend's eon. You know how fond I am of Mrs. Wornock— tho only real friend I have made since I left the convent — And you oaght to uiuleridand that I like her sen for her sake. And I have been pleased to take my part in the music they both love. Butthat is all over now. I will not allow myself to be mi - construed by you, Allan. There shall be no more duets." They were still in Mrs. Womock'e domain, In a wooded drive whero the leafless branches over arched the way; and the scene was lonely enough and sheltered enough to allow of Allan taking his sweetheart to his breast and kissing her in a rapture ot penitent love. " My darling, forgive me! If I did not know the pricelcisncas of my treasure, I should not be so full of unworthy fears. We wou't stop the duets for ever, Suzie. I must gee accustomed to the idea of a gifted wife, who has many talents whioh I have not. But I hope your musical studies at Disoorabe may be nuBpeuded for a mouth or so. Wbon you go home, you will find a letter from my mother inviting you to Fen dyke. She ia very fond of you already, and she wants to know more of yoa, «o that you may really be to hor tbe daughter she has been wish ing for ever since I was born. You will go, ; won't you, Suzette, if the good general will spare you ; and I think he will? " " Are you to bo there too ? " "Yos, lam to be there; but you shall not see too inuob of me. Ours is a shooting county, OUU A BUnti uo t&yuufctru; vu uc wim uijr gun nearly every day. I think you will liko Fendyke. The bouse is a fine old house, and the neighborhood is pretty after a fashion, jast as Home parts of Holland and Belgium are pretty — sleupy, contented, proHperouu, uuefai." Ho walked homo with her and stayed to lunohoon, mo as to secure General Vincent' con sent upon the spot. Thin wam obtained without difficulty. The general, having.had to dixpenso with his daughter for at least three-fourths of her existence, wae not dependent upon hor fox sooiety, though he liked to bco tho bright young face smiling at him aoroRS the table at his luncheon aud bis dinner, aud he Iikod to bs played to sleep after dinner, or to have Suzette as a listener when ho was in thu mood for talk ing. Tho greater part of bis life was spent out of doors— hunting, shooting, fishing, golfing— so that he could afford to bo amiable upon this ocoamon. " Yos, yes, Suzetto, accept the invitation, by all moans. Tho change will do you good, tady Emily is a most estimable penum, aud it ia only right that you should become better acquainted . with her," " I nm very fondof her alrcAdy,"eaiu Suzette. "Then I am really to go, Allan? Lady Emily.- lugijestrt Saturday — thn-e days from now,,V - ;.'' "Well you aro ready, I suppose, 11 siyl/hsr- fsth.r. "You littv the Hooks and things, that are neossssry ?" ' "Yes, father, I think I have frooks enough ; unless you aro drtadfnlly fashionable in Suffolk, Allan." . " Th» less said about our fashion tho better. If you have a stout oloth skirt short enough to keep clear of our mud, that is ail you naed trouble about. I suppose I shall be allowed to escort Suzotte, General ?" " Well, yes, I don't seo any objection to your taking oars of her on the journey ; but I havo very lax notions of etiquette. I must ask Mrs. Mornington. Suzio will tsk. her maid, of course ; and Suzie's maid is a regular drngou. " , Allan walked hoinoward with a light stop and a light heart. The idea of having Suzctto as a visitor in his own horn., growing every day nearer and doarer to his parents, was rupture. No more oono.rtante duets, ho mure long drawn sobbings and sigbings on th. StradivariuB ' He would have his sweetheart all to himself, to paco the lavel meadow paths and saunter by the modest river, and loiter and linger by rustio mills and bridges whioh Constablo may have paintsd. And in that ntmosphero of homoly p.acofulncss ho might draw his sweet heart closer to liis heart, win her mor. com pletely than he had won hor yet, and persuade hor to consent to a nearor date for their inarriago than that far off summer of thu coming year. He oountcd muoh on home infiaonoos, on his mother's warm-heartsd affeotion for the newly adopted daughter. "A tolegram, sir," said tbe servant who opened the door, startling liim from a happy day dream. "It came nearly an hour ago." Allan tore ppen tho envelops aud glanced carelessly at the message, expecting somo trivial communication. "Your fathor is dangerously ill, Cnme at onoo. I am writing to postpone Miss Ylneent's vlslt,- -EMILY Cahew." (to be continued.) 