[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] KITTY'S GHOST. A TRUE STORY, By Madame Filloneau, Author of "A Warm Welcome," "Circum- stantial Evidence," &o.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Various girls, four in all, were collected round a cosy bedroom fire one night late in the autumn, bent, to all appearances, on hair brushing. I say to all appearances, because not one of them was using her brush, their minds being entirely given up to the task of out-talking each other. They were eagerly discussing " Mesmerism," " Hypnotism," and " Willing," in their several forms, each one having some example of successful or unsuccessful seances to relate, which seldom failed to provoke a merry laugh or an astonished exclamation. From " hypnotism " to ghosts is not a very far cry, and the conversation soon turned upon apparitions. Gradually the laughs ceased, and the tones grew lower and the girls seemed one and all seized with a desire to sit very close to one another, and one actually acknowledged that, had she been staying in an old house she would have felt very creepy ! " But quite new houses have ghosts sometimes," said a tall fair girl, the hostess. She was absently poking all the soft parts of the fire, and had not spoken much. Her assertion was met by a chorus of disapprobation. "Then it must have been built with old materials." " No respectable ghost would patronise a new house." " Have you ever heard of one, Clara ?" Clara dug her poker vigorously into an unresisting piece of coal, and then put it down to turn and look at the last speaker. " Yes," she said I have heard of one, and it is quite true too—for I know the people to whom the thing happened; so do you, Maggie"—to her neighbour— " You know Mr. and Mrs. Wardlaw and their little girl, don't you ?" " Yes ! of course I do !" replied Maggie. " But do you mean to say they have a ghost story belonging to them? I should have thought them the last people to indulge in such things." "Exactly!" said Clara. "And that makes it all the more curious. I will tell it you if you like; it is not so very long." The others assented eagerly to the proposal, and settled themselves to listen attentively. Clara leaned back in her chair, and thought for a moment or two, and then began:— "The Wardlaws came back from India a couple of years ago to settle in England Mr. Wardaw was in the Civil Service, but had retired. He is an exceedingly cool, prosaic sort of parent. Mrs. Ward- law is a practical, busy little woman, whose mind is not given to running on any subject which does not concern her family or her house. They have one little girl, who was then about five years old, and who is just the sort of child yon would expect of such parents, i.e., not at all fanciful. I tell you this, you who do not know them as you ought to understand how impossible it would be for such people to imagine what I am going to tell you. They came to London, and after a good deal of searching, which took them about a month, they fixed npon a brand new house in South Kensington and furnished it. This took them another month. Finally, they moved into it. The first two or three nights went by quite as usual, and the house seemed to be most satisfactory. " One night, however, as her nurse had just finished putting the little girl to bed, the latter exclaimed, ' Why, there is Ayah, standing by your bed, nursie, Why does she not speak to me ?' The nurse turned round startled, thinking the child might be half-asleep already, and said decidedly, ' What nonsense, Miss Kitty ! There is no one here.' " Oh, but she is there," answered Kitty. " She is looking at me, but she looks quite ill, and as if she had been crying ! Poor Ayah ! There ! she is gone now." The nurse, amazed, went over and soothed the child to sleep, who, though surprised, did not seem frightened, and nurse thought she must have been talk- ing in her sleep. So strong did this im- pression become that she said nothing about the matter to her mistress the next morning. The evening of the next day while she was undressing Kitty, the latter suddenly said. " There is Ayah again, nursie, don't you see her? Look; she is just by your bed again," and the child tried to get out of the servant's hands to go towards the spot. But nurse held her fast, for she thought the little one must be ill or her eyes affected in some way. " The next day she told Mrs. Wardlaw, who was much alarmed on the child's account, putting it down to some affection of the eyes or the nerves. They took her to the doctor, but he declared that he could find nothing wrong about her. She ap- peared to be perfectly well in all respects; still every night she saw the Ayah. They put her in another room, but it was no use, the figure constantly appeared to her. One night she said— "Poor Ayah looks so ill to-night, nursie, she is leaning against the bed- post." " The nurse privately objected to the ghost choosing her bed post to lean against, but nothing would have made her say so for fear of exciting its wrath. The next night the child said, " Ayah is not there to-night, nurse. I am afraid she is too ill to come." Nor did she ever appear again, and the child soon forgot all abont her. But Mr. Wardlaw, who was much exercised in his mind by the curious occurrence, made a good many inquiries in India, and this is what he heard. The ayah who had attended Kitty in India was devoted to her, and felt the parting most dreadfully. Some time after the Wardlaws left she was taken ill, and finally died. During all the time of her illness, and particularly towards the end, she spoke continuously, whether conscious or in delirium, of the child she loved so much, and hers was the last name on her lips when she died. " Now, as far as could be made out, the time of the curious appearances to the child in England coincided with the end of the ayah's illness, and the only explana- tion possible of the whole affair is that the intense wish of the woman to see her little charge caused her to appear to the latter's bodily eyes. The apparition was never seen by anyone but the child, who had no hesitation in calling the nurse's attention to it, and who always considered that the woman she saw was real. Once the poor ayah was dead she appeared no more. It is the child's perfectly unbiassed testimony that makes the story so very curions and so wonderfully worthy of belief." Hera Olara stopped, and for a moment there was silence. Then someone asked ; " I suppose they left that house ?" ''No," answered Clara. " They are in it still. Before the apparition ceased its visits they began to think of quitting it, which was not easy, as they had just fur- nished it and signed a long lease ; but when the ghost gave up coming and no one seemed a penny the worse for having heard of it, except tho servants who left almost in a body, they just stayed on. Kitty has almost forgotten the occurrence as they are very careful never to mention it before her. They always call it 'Kitty's ghost.' " " It was altogether her special ghost. It had nothing to do with the house," cried Maggie. " I don't think you have proved your assertion that ghosts are to be found in new houses, Clara. This one followed the inhabitants into it, which I don't believe any properly brought up English ghost would have done." A general laugh followed this testi- mony to the antiquarian habits of ghostly visitors, and the girls rose to separate. " Don't dream about the ayah !" said Clara, as she bade them good-night. " I think it was so friendly of her to come and visit Kitty. I should like to have a private, particular visitor of that kind ; one would feel so superior to the rest of the world." " A superiority that I, for one, don't covet in the least," answered Maggie. " Nor does any one really, I believe. Heavens ! Clara, what is that ?" and ahe pointed to the end of the long passage where a white figure, holding a candle, was to be seen advancing slowly towards them. The girls huddled close together and looked breathlessly at the thing, when a well known voice said, in reproach- ful tones. " Really, children, you sit up to dis- graceful hours. Do you know that it is nearly 1 o'clock ?" A burst of laughter answered the speaker, and Clara said, " You have nearly frightened us out of our wits, mother. We have been telling ghost stories, and you, in yonr white dressing-gown, looked very eerie in the distance. Do put on a dark one next time you come to look us up." [THE END] 