CEOIIIRRESI'ONDENCE. TIllE SALE VILLAGE SETTLEMENtP. (To the Editor of tLe (;ippdai d Times.) Sea,-In the columns of your valuable paper of the 21st inst., on the above subjet, supplying information in reference to this much vexed question I feel sure all unpre. judice people will read withpleasure your able article. 'I here can be no doubt but that the Stalking Ghost which is causing the present consternation and panic among business people and village settlers in Sale is the rumour that there will be no monetary assistance from the Government. fow that report can gain cre dence I cannot understand, as on December iith., 1894, at the Court house, every applicant for land was asked thp quesiotl, "Do you re. quire monetary assistance!" Some said yes, some said no. In the eight paragraph you sy the Mlinister "may"(t Italics) advance £l5, subseauently amended to £30. It should 1e "can" in capital letters. I nassure you, Mr Editor, it is the energetic poor and hard work. ing settlers who will feel this blow the most. The idea seems to pervade the powers that Ie, that because it is such a short time since the village settlement started here, and seeing the blocks being fenced in and houses going up, that settlers do not require a monetary loan from the Government. I am positive, sir, if proper investioation is made, it will be found that the most vigorous and substantial iln. provenente on the land have been done by the ,poorest among the applicants. Whyl Be. ause of the very great depreaclon in tihe labor merket of this district. Hard working local aten have been only too glad to avail themn. selves of the opportunity to prove themselves thrifty and willing to embrace the chance, ratler than be idle. At the same time they leave had a struggle to live whilst making these improvements, wlich most of us would not leave began had we known monetary aid would be stopped. It will do much to allay the feel. ugs at o ncertainty and distrust existin. cally those concerned were aquan with tohe I9ad section of the hand book for aelectors of crown lnds. signed by Sir Johln t1'Intyre, under date June let., 1894, which is as follows :--" Section 32. Monetary assist. ance to the extent of £15 In all is given from time to time to permissive occupants who are in need of such assistance. The advance is made not oftener than once a month,"etc. Yours, etc. H. I SIONK, Sale Village settlement. Feb. 23rd., 1895. 