Pars in Parliament. Horror of horrors, a liuly stenographer in tho gallery ! t Trno hill, there sho was in all tho glory of a bright maroon dross, her notor hook on -her knee, and in. company with two frionds, pencilling awny us if hot life' depended on it. The reporters wero paralysed. The now woman had como with a vengeance, and was attacking them in tlioir stronghold. Othello's occupation appeared to ho about to ho gone. But tho poor dear wants ex perience. Sho had to drop her poncil and laugh ut tho absurdities spokon by many liun. mem bers. Mr. Diokson's buld head seemed to puzzle her a good deal. Sho did not know whether it wus only nn unfortunate circumstance or part of tho fixtures and fitliugs of tho House. Mr. M'Muster, too, seemed a bit of tin enigma to tho sweet little disciplo of Isaac Pitman. Good luuk to lier. May slio find tho profession pay ; hut in tho interests of lion, members una tho country may it ho a vory long timo boforo sho nnd hor friends oust Gilligau und his staff. The ciiso of Mrs. Storey oreatod much sym pathy, but. wns not produotivo of any brilliant oratory. Mr. John Watson championed hor cute, and read his notes rather moro distinctly than usual, and for that tho sonsio little widow of tho Into engineer of tho "Lucy" should bo grateful. After Mr. Tozer had spokon ngaiiiBt tho proposal, which was to grunt Mrs. Storey £100 in addition to tho sum obtained from tho Civil Sorvico Superannuation Fund, mid several hon. members had addressed tho Speaker in favour of it, tho motion was carried on tho voices. Tho danger of mi alarming influx of Asian and African uliens, and tho best means to pre vent such a thing happening, wns tho text of au electioneering sermon preached for publica tion and for uso "ugin tho Government," when they nro next boforo tlio country, by Mr. Browne. That lion, member was at bis best, nnd put good plain fuels be fore tho House, nnd abstained from that rotten rant which characterises tho utter ances of so ninny of those who sit near him A tax on tho employers of Chinese, Japanese, mid other aliens was his remedy. Ho know ho would bo told that ho had ::o right to interfere with tho liberty of tho subject, and this guvo tlio Attomcy-Goner.il a chance. "Liberty of tho subject, forsooth," ho said ; " tho only liberty these siliiio subjects want is thu lilierty to lout'" A hit, a juilpablo hit; in facta bullsoyc. "Any white man, who claims to he a white- fellow, who could not do us . much work na n blncld'ellow even in tropical Quccnslnud, is not worthy to lio called a white man," was tho Croydon iinti-Chiucso orator's way of putting it. " Why nro you frightened of them, thou ? " interrogated tho Prime Minister ; und the littlo miner looked ut his notes, but failed to fish out; a good l-atort. Howovcr, lio related to tho Houso tho littlo story — this has nothing to do with tho subject of Mr. Watson's motion — of lmw he bad boon iu the stokehole nl' a steamer iu tho Chinese sea. There was a sort of .piratical ring in his voice as lie said it. There tho licnt wiut intense, anil tho long sleovcrs few and far between ; and, in consequence, he hud seen tlio Cluncso mid dnrkyj firemen collapse, and hard - headed, muscular Englishmen tako their place. Tho uliens could nut stand tho heat, but thu gallant and plucky Englishman could. Turn on "Rule, Britannia," on tho loud-sounding phonograph again, please. Ah ! thanks. Tho Premier quietly replied. IIo made no fuss, but stood bruvoly up, with his hands in his pockets and told tho Houso plump and plain that there was no danger of any groat, in fact of any influx of aliens at all. 1'hon ho resinned his sent and read tigara tor (lie rest of tho evening-. ' Tlio Enoggorn barrister had to drag in the kanaka bogie by bis woolly bead. It wiib unfortunate, i'or up to that point, that dusky danger had been left nut in tlio cold. Tlio Houso did not listen much, nnd lion, members preferred to chat and toll each other their giddy little experiences of the Thursday Island "Yokohama." Mr. Drake's unsympathetic voice awakened no rraponsivo uhortl in their breasts. Ho seemed to feel tlio inoriginnlly muchly, null complained to Mr. Speaker of tho noise nindo by lion, members speaking. Mr. Cowley told the Housn to dry- up anil bo quiet; So. lion, members sat still, but listened no bettor tliun before. Tho Attorney-General followed. lie was brilliant. Tho many interjections with which his appeal was met showed that; tho speech was a telling one. Ho guvo it hot to tho hon. member for Enoggera for introducing tlio Pacific islanders. But we know that Unit taciturn individual could not help himself, ho had blackfellow on tho lil-uhi. So Tommy quoted the remarks of tlio French general to his men when speaking of Alsace nnd Lorraine. "Tho nam who forgets them is a traitor, but he who speaks of them is a l'ool." Onco upon a time, the Cairns representative began, there was it great, national crusado against tho Chinaman. This was csxicciolly so iu Croydon. There, every Chinaman was hunted otf tho field. Even the landlords of the pubs had to get rid of their " Chinee cooks" But, oh! how tho poor white men suffered ! Thoy beta mo so dyspeptic, anil were troubled so much by indigestion brought on by tho bud cooking of the whiro "Mary," that, ul timately, thov hud to send a ilopututiou after tho kicked-out "Ohinumnn and request him to como right back and cook again. This tho bland und soullcsB Jolm did, witliqut the ghost of a Mongolian smile. Tlio proper remedy, (he very eheok in fact, against an influx of 'Jap and " chinkie '.' uliens wns, iu tho Attorney-General's opinion, tho immediate population of Queensland with whito immigrants. Put millions of pcoplo on tho millions ol' acres lying idle, and the invtidiug almond-eyed ono would find that it was not worth his while to come here, mid would stay away. Mr. Mull-how Held followed. lie took tlio Houso by surprise, anil nindo an oxecllont and fordblo speech, combating tho Attorney- General's arguments, und gaining the un divided attention ' of the House. But he made ono or two littlo slips which lio should try in future iu avoid. Tliero in a lot of good iu Mat, it. only wants bringing out. With a hoity-toity fiourisli of his pumphandlo- liko right arm, ho referred to tho kanaka trade as "nothing moro or less than brutal slavery." " Does tho hon. uiombcr refer to tho Pucifio Islands labour trado of Quoenslund ? " asked tho Speaker. "Yes, of course, what olso ? " answered Mat. " Phon I must inform (ho hou. member that as theso man arc employed logally and under tho laws of tho State, ho must withdraw tho ex pression." " If it's unpui'liameiittit-y I with draw it," said tho Dalmollington Dude, " but I am entitled to my opinion all tho samo." Tho junior memlor for Mackay did not know how tho proposed tax would work in tho case of a Chinaman employing a whito man. Supposo tho labour members wero to engage a Chinaman lawyer to defend them would they ha taxed under thiB proposal ? But ns uo answer came to Ids harmless littlo query, ho suid, " But I supposo thoy would not employ AU Chow, tboy would givo their brief to Ah Charlio." And tho Houso sm'ole. Tho hon. uierabov for Burko nover oponed his mouth all night, mid no ono regretted it. Ho looked unhappy, hut tho House appreciated his silenco. Long may it Inst. Tho constant dropping of honest, though perhaps severe, criticism has bad its offoct, the hon. inombor for Uoolan has boon roformcd; t heroic ro exit Mr. Glassoy from theso pars. 