. SIJJSI^AX/ KEADi^& 'SEI,ECTED,:ByTHE~EEV. GVE. R0W2. . . GODfs glory in th;e: ?kies?jc BxCutips BL Scott H01.1.AND. ' ..' * 11 The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament showethHis handiwork,. Day unto day utterefch speech, and night unto night showeth' knowledge. There }s no speech nor language where their voice is not heard. Their line ia gone out through all the earth, and their words1 to the end of the world.- In -,. them hath He seta tabernacle 'for the sun, which is as a. bride groom , coming;, put of his \chnmber, arid rej'oiceth- as a strongman to .run ;a. race. . . . The law of the Lord-is per-, feet, converting the soul .-the testimony, of the Lord is eure, making wise the simple.' — Hsalm xix.l— 5 and'7. «. ? Nothing can be more . strange than, that the amazing advances of- scientific knowledge, .which have reversed ab-' Bolutely the relations of earth _ and suii and stars to orieanother, and have' open- ed out distances which .paralyse the imagination, should have had no power at all to drive away the ^mniortal fresh ness of .this 'early vision of the Psalmist, who looked put upon the. scene with -thc eyes of a simplicity ' which 'was at:once direct and manly and profound, lit is to-day exactly, what it wasto: ,the'fir-it' wondering shepherds -who lay on' lonely hills and watchedthe strange and. silent movements that peopled the wide' dark ness of the heavans above'., their heads. Still that vast 'and orderlyiosts iof stars pass before our eyes withbut a. sound,-. and still that soundless ' ilotiion speaks^ without voice,so' that all .may _ -under-*' stand. And then, 'again, .that' mighty' pageant of the morning rehearses its part in all its' ancient splendour. ;What,' indeed, can ever diii ', its/ resounding; wonder that' leap of! tlie/ spin frdtn:its ' hidden bed,' .coining ' forth, as a brides groom out of bis chamber, rejoicing as;a strong man to run his course ! Nothing has happened to diminish its reality^ It needs norgloss or qualification. yi-tiil* it thrills ? the souls..of each inew-boVij: generation, exactly as at the first dawn, when the. morning stars sang together,' and all the sons of Go'd shouted for joy. The Silent Deama of tse Heavens!.; This immediate outlook..upon Nature is independent of scientific elaboration. Yet what I would more specially notice to-day isthat the whole, stress^ of the Psalm is laid on that aspect of- the, natural world which it is ; the -work of science to emphasise and to extricate. For what is it that fills the. singer with such awe as he looks out upon the, starry hosts or at the sun leaping from.his bed ? 'What is it'thatmakes him so1 confident that ' the heavens declare. the. glory of God and the, firmament showeth His handiwork'.? Itisjustthe.characteris tic on which Science fastens. ; It is the manifestation of law, of regularity, of reason . This ;.it is ' ;'which overpowers h to, ' Day.jinto . day utterethi speech, 1 nd night unto , night, vshoweth. : know-, ledge''— each arrives at its turn. without disorder, without.aecident, or chance, or perplexity.; ,Thereis about' itfall^asthej mighty drama discloses itself, the. calm-; ness, the majesty, of rationa^knooiTledge: Each arrival,, each' departure, is' known, is appointed, is certified. ... The'day. dies, but not as. if it were lost or had blunder-, ed on its ro.ad. It passos off :.the ^stage, pn its delegated way, sure- , of its/,. path. fulfilled,, quiet in. the. security., twit. Another will succeed .in ??. its.- due turn;* And then the night, the . night;. which might seem like some .terrible ?-shadow flung across our lives, some j doom that irould shallow us up into vacancy— look at it !— it ia full from end to ? end with reassuring voices, for out move Jbhose glorious stars, each nrits set -order; each, according to its office. Not one faileth of all those thousand thousands.'.. And that awful silence in which the treme'n-: dous scene proceeds is more ; eloquent than words. Without sound each enters, passes, disappears, 80 fixed, so absolute the certainty of their motion: Is net this silence security ? Those heavens look out at us with' all their ?tarry eyes, as if they would say- with one voice, ' Weknow whatgoesforward ; we know; all the secret is with us ;. all is ?well,trust God, be notafraid. ' Soitisi'elt, charged with speech, this dumb night : it strains and pulses on the verge of words which it withholds. ?? And so, too, with this leaping sun,' this bridegroom, which travels with- such steady precision, with such 'i unfaltering certainty, along the course set before him. Universal law acting in silence, with absolute security of rhythm.. ; The Mystic Eloquence ' of Law. That is the vision which ? overawes the Psalmist ; and .is not that thtf very essence of. our 8cieiitific presentation of Nature P.Butit is^'dumb,' soine say, as thay gaze ; dumb /mechanisntf beating out an aimless task.' Nay, we cry,' with the Psalmist, silent it may be'; but this perfect lW, this iradeviating order, tbjs calm precision, 'this infinite ''regularity . of succession, these disciplined forceis, 'this rhythmic harmony, this balance^ this precaution, this response'.of day'lo. day and., night to night, .that - is inV telligence, that, is reason, that is speech ! Reason answersto-reasbn. as 1 deep tb deep. There may be no speech- or language in these dumb motions, but for all that '; voices are heard among .them,. /their sound goes out' unto other '-latfds;, and their words unto the end of- the/world. ? ?,. So much ^cor the vision of ilature; and. then comeithe Psalmist's^ momentous advance. ? 1As he'; watches .Twitji solemn glee this stupendous' world of natural law hefind^th'at . he has but to lift his eyes, and th'ori,above it, beyond it; allied to it, a corresponding world opens out — a.worfd, too, t-| law., of certainty ,'of -regu- larity of order, noless than the world of Nature. This higher order of -life moves along the course set before it, and its laws never flag nor fail; no chance confuses it,and no ..unruly accident disturbs itv Man can ? count on these laws ' with' the same, absolute validity as that with ?which he counts, on sunrise or 'i on sunset. And what is this wonderful world thatspreads away on every Bide to this ancient watcher of the^ skies ? It is the world; of. consciousness, the ?vforld of- ''the moral law,., the world of '.'-the' religious spirit; the'worldof the fear of the Lord. 'Without a jar- or breat he passes over into this -world from his contemplation ofthestars.so near'is it, this spiritual life to the 'natural; so en tirely congenial with it, so. closely knit together ! Follow on' with the psalm, and you know, what 'I mean. * 'While the light of that glorious sun is' still before our eyes we have! passedin within this new domain of the moral spirit, and we are ac knowledging that the fear of the Lord is an undefiled' law converting; the soul ; the testimony, of the ? Lord is sure and giveth wisdom unto the simple; the statutes of the Lord are right' and re joice the heart; the commandment of the Lord is pure and giveth light unto. th« eyeB, and the J.ear or the .bora is clean and. endureth-fpr ever. Laws, statutes, testimonies, ^commandments— '. no physical' world could- binvbaseu on grounds more fixed and uniform, and sure. It is sure, it never changes, it endureth for erer. These -judgments are true, are real; therefore they are ' indre ti/be desired than'gold, yea, than mueh'fine gold; sweeter also are they than- -'honey in 'the honeycomb.'' 'Through their universal veracity they aliow; for instructed and disciplined ?knowledge-. ? -'By' thein is Thy servant :'tsugMiTand;inkeepirigof them there is great . reward.' Error,' wrong,'1 sih-^1 these inav be oil his 'own- side, but . this does not 'shako the absolute authority of this reign of law without him. .Only it make3 him tremble lest even unwitting ly he may -have intreduced. any ojuivef of disturbance into this fabric of ex quisite, -and harmonious order.' Who can tell how off he offended, ' 0 ./cleanse Thou me from secret thoughts.' Law. in the Spiritual wobld. ., . , My brethren, can we recover for our selves' this mental temper of the Psalmist ? ...This world of which tie is speaking is . what we name ? spiritual; religious, supernatural, and as soon -as ?we havetouched such names' as these we are but too apt to recall Something wholly. unlike Nature, wholly opposed to Ecientific; law or the ? necessities of reason.-. Yet the Psalm supposes' that . the recognition of law in Naturegovern ing its! si lent succession i3 the very road by which to pass to thetrue'reeognition of the law of God, which is thelife of the spirit,- which, is religoin. Nature will enable us to -understand the; super natural. ?', The Christian faith, cannot split with the' Psalms.: ? Its= whole appeal lies to.them ;.it has pledged itself to be identical iii spirit, in essence, with 'theirs'1 -.'the faith which believes in Jesus Christ must.be able t9 indentify itself absolutely 'with'that faith in God which is disclosed -in', the Psalms of the Old Testament. Those in whom our faith first sprang to'life were steeped t6 the lips in. the language .of the Psalms) -and our'owil faith/ in its devoted. :ancl pas sion?ate love ofv.£h.e.- Psalms' ever? since, has given the indisputable . proof ? that' it^finds its own character, its own fo'rm,' its own essence, in their way of viewing life.' ' The temper in which-.the Psaimist l6oEed.attJ6rature is- certainly included' and retained in the -mind of the Chris tian faLith?. ,'^nd-:if, then, it' believes in rtf^a61e, it miist mean that belief in ?Nature lands .'it in -miracle. Just as the .T's'a.lmistj'.thiough his amazed delight in the 'ordered sequences of Nature, -found himself '?engaged in contemplating tne law;3 of Godfor the soul — the fear of phe iiJi'd-f- sp'haveweJnthepowerof thesame faith! Following. up the Story of man's orgin and ? development, and : sin and weakn'ess, 'we find ourselves, to have arrived at belief in the incarnation of Jesus Christ^in Hiavirgin birth, in His resurrection from 'the dead. That is the touchstone of true /miracle. The belief f.. in it springs vout of the sanie. sources,'0apac'ities, and convictions by/ which; you believe iri: the Divine witness of natual'law. . ? Grant tnat-yOu possess a certain spirit ual instinct which at sight of the soiooth journey of the sun across the heavens compels you to move forward and prb-i nounce, ' Ibfeleive in God ; the heavens declare His^gtoryi 'and / the firmament showeth Hia handiwork: ' Well it is to that very saM'e instinct that we would make our appeal. We challenge youvto say whether, as you press on- under the' discipline incurred by sin and sorrow that same instinct does not .bring you under, the like ?necessity of pronouncing '?I believe iii Jesus Christ, who. was conceived by t'he-Kolyv 7 Ghost.' '.Foi at all ^costs' :we' Christians vhold ?that ? the -God , -of Nature ;o'a'nd\ the ?God'of miracle are one God; and that of necessity; '? therefore' the ; twd'must hang together.^ They; must witness to i^e'Bam^e/r'origfiQ/ tfe'^same pridciples' of *-^of kj'thier ' &'me' crea/tiye character'. ?That ris -t he' te^i'pef' of. ; bur' ' deaf \ \ Lord and Master.'our 'Lord' Jesus' CKrist, bo sane, so self-controlled, so conudeht in the steady and quiet motions of nature, which wa8'His/own Father's .'peculiar handiwOrkiHetbldus in which kndwith: which-Hs works in- intimate :) security:' Aid that is the-Chfistian temper/. : Our faith in- Christ Jesus lays large and un faltering 'trusfin the veracity 6f human1 faculties/ in the solidity of knowledge,; in the reality of an instructed and- in-'; telligent experience. ? The Voke. and , Conscience. '.., Beloy4di-I Tfould .implore you, base your belief in Jesus on the convictions that form the ground of your confidence in the ;-i stability and reality of life. Basevitoit' ;that -which is soundest in yourrgastfn.fble manhood, on that which is mps$ wholesome, most assured in your thought ; build it there as onsolidland, not on- the vague seas of your doubt and mistruBt' K -Only remember, such a belief soibased must be serious, for it implies that this world of the conscience a'ndof?|he spirit is-governed by laws as fixed aind. sure, as universal, as those yvhichgoyerh the.order of Nature. There is n^j'ttiflitg'-.with these; 'no' -trusting to luck-'0r;tQ;jfchance. ? As ? fire burns, aa water ruflB, so. the fear of the Lor'd holds oh its way- -with undeviating certitude. ' Sure as the sun in the heavens, sure as the sun will rise to-morrow, ' so we say. Just such is the law of the Lord, the law .'of '' the moral life. It works with' the same relentkas accuracy,. with fche same clearness;' with the same'per Bisterice ; nothing can hold' it back or turn it aside; or hide it, or. deny it, or BBcapeit, ordefy it. lhereis, nothing hidirom the heat' thereof. Onandonit bears down upon us, and its light pierces^'and-.embrace's, and searches; and reveals I Wejmust stand in it ! The' soul is laidbear under it, wrappedrouad by that dreadheat which' burns' its way-: ini. Nothing can be hid! -Oh, the B'everity of such a searching fire ! Who can relieve the stain ? Who can soften theflame? Whatmay not we beproved to have done under -such a scrutiny! Alass, we tremble with the Psalmist, we lift up his cry, -'Who can tell how oft he off endeth'.? ' ' 0 iny God; who - alone can make me fit to meet Thy most strict demands, who alone can order' the un ruly wills and affections of sinful men, of Thy. greafmercy cleanse me from my secret thoughts ! Austere: the message, but it has its ?comfort too. For the law of God' has broken the silence in which the laws of Nature plied their work.' So dreadful that dumbness ! Dumb the mighty sun, rushing on its flaming journey; dumb the vault of hea'-ven with its speechless sta'rs. Voices; trembled on the verge, bu,t they never came to our ears; and the.. silence has terrified men- until in their panic they have deemed the .dumb world ? GodlesB. But now at last there is a voice heard! After wind and fire and earthquake ? havo : come and gone, lo, thereisastill small voice! It-is the speech of God,, heard lo wand sweet by the heart of the child.. Through the law Of themoral life Go.d speaks, .and our hearing, our understanding of that Divine speech we name Conscience. Conscience is our waking' response to a1 speaking -od; conscience is that which will start up froni. its slumber in the night and listen and cry, 'Speak, Lord, for Thy '-- servant henreth.' Oh, the blessing of listening to that speech, the ?imtneasurable relief of hearing at last a living voice in the silence! God has spoken a living speech to a living soul. ?Listen ! Is He not speaking now ? Brood ing Nature has found its voice! What is it which it says so clear, so strong, so true? Godspake these words and said/ 'I am the Lord thy God; thou shalt have none other God but Me ; thou shalt not murder; tbou shalt not steal; thou shalt not commit adultry; thou shalt love . the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as. thy self.'. So He speaks, and conscience hears. - Oh, to-day if ye hear His voice ?harden not your' hearts? .' .' .?'-.. 