WORK" IF parliament; : MR. GRAINGER APOLOGISES. THE PASTORALBILL AGAIN. , Thursday in the Assembly was again a dull day for the most part, arid the galleries were half empty, but there were more than forty legislators present. At the out set Mr. lake presented a petition -in favor of the State Advances Bill, and it was received with cheers. Mr. Gillen informed' Sir . John Downer that a report is now beiiig obtained frotrl the Pastoral Board with respect to certain statements recently made by Mi-. Peter Waite. Mr. Riddoch is _ still anxious about the New Zealand reciprocity treaty, and the Premier told him that the necessary notice of the ratifying resolution will be given on Tuesday. Mr. Kingston further promised that all corre spondence received pn the subject, except that which is confidential, will be laid on the table on the same day, Mr. Grainger said that he noticed by the reports in the Press that on, the previous day he had Used, a word of* two syllables in respect to the Treasurer. He was not aware that he had done so, but he recognised that there was no course open to him but to tender an apology to Mr. Holder. Major Castineis still on the warpath in respect to the Comman dant's report on the military forces, and Mr. Price wants the correspondence which has passed between the Minister of Education and 'the cddrieii of the School of Sliiies and Indus tries on-the subject of the Fertilisers Act, Mr. Price is also desirous of discovering the intentions of the Government as, to _ the suggested retrenchment of the resident engineers on the railway lines, .and the Commissioner of Public Works undertook to get a report from Mr. Pendleton on the subject. Major Castine ascertained that the cost of -advertising the provisions of fche; Lake. Boiincy scheifie was £294 7s, 2d., but as, Captain Creswell is absent with the.Protector, he has to wait for a reply to his question concerning the oxpensive White head torpedoes now in stock. Mr. Solomon was told, that the Government costs in the action brought by the trustees in the Melrose estate were about £75 and that they will be charged to contingencies At 2.9 p.ni.- the. Pastoral Bill came oil in committee at- clause. 18, The official notice paper by an error mentioned clause 16. The section on which the talk centred is the first of those dealing with the surrender of leases of pastoral lands in Class I. (clause 18, "certain lessees may give notice of intention to surrender leases.") To this Mr. Howe moved as an amendment after "may" to insert "apply to the Commissioner for a reduction of rent, shell application to be referred to the Land Board for report, and should a reduction of- rent be recommended the Commissioner may reduce-the rent ornotashethinksfit." In this suggested alteration Mr. Bnrgoyne moved to substitute"Surveyor-General" for "Land Board," While Sir Jenkin Coles moved after "may" to insert "within six months of January 1, 1896." Mr. Homburg remembered that at the_ time of the auction sale of the 1888 leases Sir Jenkins Coles informed Parlia ment that the rents obtained were fail'. It seems, Mr. Homburg added, that a man can promise to pay the Government any rent he pleases, as lie can always get out of paying it.. No lands in the country, not even agricul tural holdings, lie says, are fully developed. Mr. . Butler, reminded members that if Mr. Miller had not been on the Pastoral Board- in 18S8 none of the land would now be available for -settlement. Mr. McPlierson supported all the amendments, but Sir John Downer thought members were either not looking far enough ahead or were looking too far. If particular lessees are paying too high rent, he says, he is prepared to let the Government make any reasonable ^concession, but he objects to that provision being made the chief part of a Bill intended to bring about the substantial development of Class A country. Mr. Bartlett opposed touching the 1888 leases at all, while Mr. _Caldwell urged the House to put-the public estate'at their disposal to the best use. He instanced one case in which a lessee had burnt the bodies of 7,006 cattle near one spring, and said it is impossible to establish population in a desert. If country can be settled by men it should not be given over to sheep, he admitted, Mr. Lands'eer said the subdivision of the Pandurra run had called forth many applications, and that proved the advantage of these smaller holdings. At 4.10 p.ni.-the amendments of Sir Jenkin Coles, Mr. Burgoyne, and Mr. Howe were carried in rapid succession. "Aren't you going to divide?" asked Mr. Homburg, and the Com missioner of Crown Lands in melancholy voice replied---" It's no use." Mr. Gillen then moved that clauses 19 to 27 be struck out, as if the privilege of reduction! of rent was given the Government did not wish to ebneede other advantages. Mr. Howe said where land is suitable for closer settlement the holders must retire, but in other cases the}' should give liberal terms to pastoral lessees. postpone the clauses, and Mri Giles, " Who desired" their retention, made a similar request." Mr. Gillen said Mr. Giles should nob have helped Mr.' Howe pass' his amendtnent.' Sir Jenkin Coles said the com mittee should be satisfied to give the 1888 lessees what they asked, arid he affirmed that the other side.evidently wanted an alteration in the terms and conditions of those leases. He in stancedthesettlementoflandsbetweenEudurida and the Murray as a proof of what can be done with unpromising country, and once'mof e affirmed that lie has no faith in the Pastoral Board. He referred to a meeting at Quorn, at which Mr. Poster spoke so loud: that he sent Mr: Catt to bed quite prostrated, and seemed as if ; desirous of economising time by address ing constituents at'Quorn and Port Augusta synchronously. On that occasion Mr. Poster and Mr. Burgoyne, he said, were of the same opinion, that all. that should'be given to 1888 lessees was a- reduction of rent. Sir John Downer resented the vehemence of Sir Jenkin Coles, and said he wished to remember him as. ' Speaker, and not as one exciting animosities. - It would be more discreet if Sir! Jenkin kept to the chair! Sir John suggested, as most of the pastoral difficulties are due to him. Messrs. Brooker and McPlierson .deprecated Sir John's contention, but the leader of the Opposition was hot, arid lie went on to deny tfiat he merely wished to benefit 1888 lessees, arid to object to Sir Jenldn venturing to talk with special authority simply because he is Speaker. "That is in sulting," interjected Mr. Poster, and Sir John replied that he never-utters insulting things though-lie sometimes endures them. A grunt j from Mr. Kingston brought the retort that " the Attorney-General was in. the same gang I as Sir. Jenkin Coles when the 1884 Bill was passed." "I know the sort of gang you're I in," ■ replied-Mr. - Kingston,' arid' Sir ' John ! waved his" . hand saying "Oh. I won't , continue;-' • "You'd better not, answered the Attorney-General, and the reply was ".I have not the power of invective and vituperation or the vocabulary necessary to cope with the Attorney- General." Sir John next accused the Commissioner of Crown Lands of jumping at Mr. Howe's amendment, but this Mr. GiBen -indignantly denied. Sir Jenkin Coles mildly affirmed that "Sir John Downer is almost invariably fair and always generous, but h'e has not done justice to him self : or -me -in- referring- to-my/po'sition as Speaker. "When the Taxation Bill was before tlie-House last Session and party feeling i-aii ' high Sir John came over to me, shook hands; | and: congratulated mo on my speech in com ! mittee; : Now he thinks I should not open iriy mouth - at all.' Yet' I should be false' to the district of Light and a- traitor to South Aris j.tralia if -I remained silent when the Pastoral Bill is under consideration." Mr. McPherson I came to Hie - support of, the Speaker; 'arid said last session Sir John Downer, having failed to get what he wanted for the 1888 lessees, took ! no ifurther -interest in. the settlement of i the outside' country. "That is false;" said Sir John 'with -quiet directness—"iJciyou under stand that ??' .-Mr. McPherson said lie did, coining as it did from 1 a gentleman, hut once .more complained' of the gross injustice done to Sir Jenldn Coles. Mr: Burgoyne' expressed astonishment that' members were growing so violent, but this did not. stop another-scene. Mr. Moule, after ! pleading that the 1888 leases should not be locked.up, once more affirmed that the Corm urissioper of CrOwn Lands had said on a plat form in his hearing that if an appeal were granted; as in thisBill, he would resignhis office. ."That is absolutely .untrue. " I'll put rny word against-' yourS- -anywhere' you ''like,"-! re torted:, Mr. Gillen in a temper. The Chairman interposed, but Mr. Gillen declined ! to withdraw, as Sir John Downer had not been-aslced-to "take back a similar charge against Mt.; McPherson. "I did not hear it," said Mr. Catt, and at last, -yielding to the persuasions of -Sir. ;' Kingston and Sir Jenkin' Coles,.' the "Commissioner 'grace fully capitulated. He 'explained, however, that he had said that he would rather resign than that an appeal- should'he giveii' to the Supreme Court./ " Why don't you resign and let -Moule: in ?' risked Mr. 'Brooker, and the reply was—'"That's what he wants, but I think I am' right in saying that even if I did he wouldn't have the slightest ghost of a chance of following me." Mr. Kingston uttered an approvirig "Hear, hear." "In future," said Mr.' Gillen, "when Mr. Mouie attempts to make my character as bad as others, he can put the cap on as he likes, I shall not take the slightest notice, of him." Sir John Downer considered it sweetly refreshing to witness the imanimity;of Mr. McPherson and Sir Jenldn Coles. Did ,! the member for East Ade laide, he asked, agree with what Sir Jenkin said last year as to the desirability of dis missing men from the railways. " He didn't complain of' my addressing the committee," said- Sir Jenkin, and there were cheers. Though the debate continued energetic to the end the galleries remained empty, and there •were no ffiore losses of temper till right at the close, when Mr. Giles uttered a plaintively indignant Jeremiad. It arose in this way— Mr. Homburg urged the Commissioner of 'Crownlands to ask' ""the 'committee"'to'"re-" consider Mr. Howe's amendment and promised him a majority.' " That's just. what I said," remarked Mr. Gillen,_ "I told Mr. Giles he would be caught in his own trap. The Go vernment are quite willing to take another vote." Mr. Giles protested that he was not in favor of the amendment, and he accused Mr. Gillen of always trying to mislead the com mittee aud to prejudice members against each: other. Mr. Kingston, he Said, had ruined the pastoral industry, and he was about to make other severe remarks when progress was re ported and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday. At 6,27 p.m. the House adjourned. There were no absentees. 