THE DIifIAL SWAM[P. T' he place had always been 'ha'nted,' if one might credit what was said in 'the quarters.' Indeed, there was scarcely a slave on the plantation but had a startling experience to relate of the ghosts that haunted Graysville, one of the most famous old plantations of Louisiana, Every slave that ever trod southern soil is afraid of grave yards, and .the Grayeville graveyard was. indeed a solemn old place, end awesome enough to those minds superstitiously inclined. it was not more than a hundred yards from the back doorstep in full range of thelittle windows of.the room that had been the sitting-room of all my grandmothers for unnumbered generations. It was not originally meant to be a graveyard. One of the first Gray women had lost ababe, and it was her desire that the child might be buried somewhere in sight of her window, where she might have the comfort of seeing its little grave at all times.and knowing that it was not quite alone when the wind blew at night and the snow fell over Graysville. But the little grave which held the dead did not by any means help to heal the wound in the heart of the living, and before the flowers bloomed again in the old Louisiana woods an other grave was opened beside the lonely little sleeper, and Grahdmother Gray went to.keep her child company under the rustling old live oaks. Of course grandfather was put to sleep beside his wife, and so in time all the Grays were laid under those grim old oaks, and the' family graveyard,' soto speak, established within a stone's throw of the back door. But it was not the graveyard which made one afraid of Grayaville. Be. yond, more than a mile, and cut off by one of those still, treacherous la goons so common to Louisiana stretch ed for several miles a low, wetetrip of timber-land known as the Dismal Swamp. The place was full of uncanny associations-as the hiding-place of the runaway slaves, the hotbed of malaria and all manner of ills and aches. At length the crowning ill was put upon it when it became the abode of the Graysville ghost. True, these stories of the ghost never, for a long while at least, got beyond the quarters; but there they were rehearsed night after night with startling and blood-curdling varia tions. It was said that nothing ever came out of the swamp alive; even the cattle wandering within its deadly limits were either stung to death by the poisonous reptiles there or else broke their necks among the tangles of bamboo and rattan, crossvine and swinging mosses of the swamp. I was alwaya mortally afraid of the swamp, and no human power could have persuaded me beyond the se parating waters of the lagoon. Of the ghosts I had no fear what ever, but stories of the runaway slaves, the poisonous atmosphere, and the unfortunate cattle had filled my mind with a horror of the place which to this day I have never been able to shake off. Mfy first recollection of it was the time one of the men came running in from the field, panting with fear and declaring that something like a big black shadow had run out of the swamp and chased him home. The ' something' proved to be Crazy Dick, an old slave who had disappeared months before and was supposed to be dead somewhere in the impenetrable depths of Dismal Swamp. He had, indeed, been there all the while, living upon the wild plums and berries which grew in profusion. He returned to his hiding place and died there, his dead body having been discovered by seeing the buzzards circling about it on the farther bank of the lagoon. 'Literally torn to pieces by the witches,' they said in the cabins of the superstitous blacks, who repudiated the existence of the briars for the more thrilling idea of witches.' From that time forward the ghost of Crazy Dick was said to wander about th swamp, and could be seen almost any night, 'all in white,' crossing the lagoon and the rice field and coming on saros the lawn to the graveyard, where he disappeared 'just at daylight,' in his own grave in the far corner of the lot 'over to'ds the great house.' The story was told until it was believed by every negro in the plantation, and when at last the overseer himself, returning from the quarters after midhnight, where he had been to sit up with asick slave, deslared that he had with his own eyes seen the ghost, there was somethino of a panic in and about Graysville. I was a girl then of about 17 years of age, and my terror of the swamp became so intense thatI would stop my ears and. leave the room at the bare mention of the place. It preyed upon my thoughts day and night. At night my dreams were full of it. I had wandered along 'all those mys terious depths, trampled upon the nest of the copperhead and adder, breathed the soft perfume of the wild magnolia, and brushed aside, as it trailed against my forehead. the rank, red blossoms of the poisonous oak and the deadly ivy. In my dreams I had dipped my feet into the sleek, still waters o: the lagoon, and followed the path made by the ghost of Crazy Dick across the rice field and the family graveyard and lost myself in the depths of its doll, dense shadows. I would wake st sunrise, nervous and feverish, and as weary as if I had indeed made the horriblejourney. And even then I would creep under the bedcovers and try to forget the horrors of my dream. I grew thin and pale and nervous. All1 the gold in Louisiana could not tempt me near the Dismal Swamp. My terror increased as I night after night roamed through its terrible tangle of vine and briar in my dreams. One morning the very climax of wonder was reached when my father, returning home just before day from a meeting of the rice planters ast a villagne some 15 miles distent, himself encoun tered the Graysville ghost returning from its midnight ramble through the Dismal Swamp. It was only half visible in the un certain light, but still dlistinct enough for him to distinguish a supple, wil lowy something clad in white sad moving without noite--almost without motion, he thought-toward the dismal shadows of the Grayaville graveyard. Then it disappeared as usual. Strange to Eay, while my father was rehearsing the story at the breakf[ast table I seemed to have known it all S- "?7 ......... and before he had left off I felt sure I cou'd have gone on with it myself. This was due, doubtless, to the fact, as I thought, of my having visited the swamp so often in my dreams. The same day my mother came to me with instructions not to visit, in my daily rambles over the plantation, sertain low sections where I was fond of going for the wild blossoms and rips fruit. I could not understand the restrictions, and said so very freely. She then showed me the boots I, had worn-as she supposed-the day before in my rambles. ' But I did not go out yesterday,' I exclaimed, no little astonished at the sad condition of my rubber walking boots, so necessary for the low, moist, Louisiana lands. 'They wers found at your door this morning,' she told me, where you usually place them to be cleaned.' It was odd, to be sure, and for many weeks remained to me an enigma. My mother I was sure believed I was telling her a deliberate falsehood, inasmuch as the very next morning the boots were found in the same place and in precisely the same condition. At length my mother removed the boots to her own closet, and locking the door put the key in her pocket, saying as she did so, 'Now we will see who it is that's in the habit of wearing your shoes. Nobody knows where the key of the closet door is hid esoept yourself, Else.' 1 ,must explain that by this time, owing to.vehement denial as to having worn the boots, suspicion had fallen' upon Louise,. my. mother's housemaid aquadroon girl about my own size and age. That night my dreams were terrible -the boots played no inconsiderate part in my nervous and excited fancies. First I imagined that I must have them, and in order to get them it wae necessary to obtain the closet key hidden in the pocket of my mother's blue chintz gown that always hung at night upon a chair immediately behind her bed. I dreamed that I had seen her for. get to fasten the door leading into her bedroom, and that I arose, and tiptoe ing across the hall, went down the stairs, and sure enough found the door unfastened. I went in, and groping in the darkness, found the blue chintz, removed the key and with the utmost ease found and fitted it in the closet door. I found the boots full as easily, locked the door, returned the key to its place and went out as noiselessly as I had entered. I sat down upon the doorstep in the moonlight, drew the shoes upon my bare feet and started out as rapidly as I knew how towards the graveyard, across the risefield, through the white looking lagoon and into the horrid shades of the Dismal Swamp. All inight long in my dreams I followed the wild birds or fled from the hiss of the serpents which made their home in the deadly morass. The plover, startled from its nest, brushed by me with a shriek, and once I fancied along serpent swung from a swamp willow and planted its fangs in my cheeks. But -hen I put out my hand to brush it aside I found that a branch of trumpet vine had swept across my face, the rich, red blossoms dropping the dew from their cups into my lips, which were parched and dry. I was not in the least frightened, but plunged on deeper and deeper into the wilderness. Once I heard the bloodhounds baying and knew they were on the track of some runaway slave who had fled to the projecting jungles of the Dismal Swamp. At last I grew wesry and turned homeward. I crossed the lagoon, lying still and white, in the gray dawn, and traversed again the ricefield and the lonely path across the graveyard ; titan I sat down upon the doorstep and removed my long hoots, carrying them up to my door, where I left them for Louise to have cleaned. Then I crept to bed and remembered nothing more until noon, when T awoke to find my mother bending over me with heavy, troubled eyes, as I had seen her many a time when some of us were ill. I yawned wearily. , lother,' I said,' I went through the Dismal Swamp again in my dreams last night.' 'And the Graysville ghost nas seen again last night,' she replied, hesi. tatingly, as if afraid to tell me. ' Who saw it this time!' I asked. SI. ' ?Mother !' I sat up in bed, startled and pale with a great fear. I brushed my hand across my temples to make my thoughts clear. And as I did so I felt a long, deep cut upon my cheek. ' Mother 1' I tried to say. ' Mother!' And throwing off the, bed covers I sprang out upon the floor. My long nightdress was spattered and draggled with mire; my knees were torn and bleeding. Cockle burrs and marsh mosses were clinging to my hair, but my feet were white and clean. Instantly I understood it all, and fell with a shriek into my mother's arms. I was the Graysville ghost, and I was the somnambulist who had night after night plunged deeper sand deeper into the junglea of the Dismal Swatnp. They followed my tracks as far as they dared penetrate into that deep morass. How I did it is a mystery, but certain it is that, asleep, I had waded alone through the deadly swamp which even in the day I shuddered to think of. 