The Picture of Bad Luck — — ?'»;/ f/ic Juthor of " ]\'aiuleriii>js of a Simple Child " CHAPTER VIII.~(<\»iti inted.) He was told Inter on that if a man should draw a ^ini on any of these creatures, own when attacked hv a do/en or more of them armed with lumps of road metal or broken hot ties he would he tried for his life on a j charge of wilful murder. So fond are j the Sydney authorities of the greatest ! ••urse that ever left the breeding pit of I hell. Astliorath stood meditating upon , :hescene of sa vage lawlessness, smok I mi,' his cigar ; until at length he was , noticed by a girl of about iifUrn years I of ago, dressed in very giddy a Wire, j This female liend at once en lied the ; attention of her friends to tke solitary ; figure standing calmly upon a, slight ! 1 eminence, looking ils unconcerned as if he had been watching the antics of a : herd of bullaloes awjiy in the wild west ! of his own native land. In a .Hutment, iifty jelling, gibing, shrieking animals, male and femalw, came capering up to- : wards tlie American. Their attenuated, i stunted figures, were clad in nianv- ' hued vestments, and soon bottles began i to s'ing through the air and glance past the head. Then he stirred, and his right hand sought his bip-poeket. | and the next instant the blue, cold barrel of a Smith and Wesson ivvoher I was pointed fair at the centre of the ! gang, and th«y stopped in openmotttlied • ainarement. ' f'll send an ounce of lead c'.ea-u ' ; hrougli the next cur who throws : bottle oi' metal my way, hit or miss.' The cold, stern Voice, with it* pecti- v liar twang, steadied the gang, and without an cJl'ort to show tight, thev ! took to their heels and made oil'to the ground,and i he American, wi! h a much puzzled look upon his countenance, moved slowly homewards, and a few i days later took train for the Broken ! Hill s.ilveviields. ; ClIAC'IKK IX. 'nil', l.ONKI.Y MOKSK.MAN. Sitting beautifully in t• 11«• saddle, , "the 'Picture' rode on to meet, and betray Dick < irahani to his foes. Little did she care for the soft sweetness of (he dawning. Sir- saw the lazy-looking kangatoos rise up and stare at her lor a few Seconds as if uncertain what course to pursue, then speed off like ghosts, with their long, noiseless bound on two legs, looking . like half-iinished creatures whom .Dame Nature had stinted ; but she heeded them not,. Now and again 1 an emu with Us dark drab feathers, j long neck, and stiltlike levs would stride across her track, not, seeming to be moving at a great rate, and vet covering the ground at a speed that, would try the mettle of many a, ; thoroughbred horse and hound, 'and she wished that she had big .Jim Wilkinson's hound at her side, because it was her instinct, to destroy ; but she never once pulled bridle until she made the trysting spot.. Then she looked around, but could see no one. After waiting awhile she placed her tjvo small hands trumpet fashion t« her lips and sent up the shrill coo-ee ; coo-ee of the bushmaii, and as its ; echoes came back to her she smiled, for she felt certain that (irahani ', would he ar that summon-; and obey it i to his own destruction. She waited iully five minutes, and again the i sti •ange sounding coo-ee coo- ee ran" out shrill and high, and went floating I on the morning zephyr over the salt.- [ bush plain, but, it did not reach the ! •ears of the reckless outlaw who was j holding his horse well together, and i vet covering the ground as a man I only does when he knows that his life j will pay the penalty of tardy riding, j The ' Picture' began to feel that some- j how her scheme l*d miscarried, and i that she had been fooled. She rode ! carefully round in a wide circle, j spreading every time she passed a given spot, until at last she struck the trail she sought it was only horse's hoof-print, but it, was enough. She was not well enough versed in buslicrai't to tell anything particular regarding it, but dropping her handker- I i chief 011 the spot to make it an easy 1 matter for her again to lind the trail . she wheeled her horse round and rode off homewards ; nor did she spare her horse until she. came to the patch of timber in which the trooper* had camped waiting for her to give the signal that the quarry was at hand. A.s she galloped up, with lie.r eyes sparkling angrily, and her small mouth looking hard and cruel, Trooper Bolster, the young fellow whom she had charmed the night before, slipped up and caught, bold of her bridle rein, laughing as he remarked 4 Well, sweetheart, is the dingo waiting for the hounds ?'' ' No he's not,' she replied savagely, ' ' He's been there though, and has left recently. Let your black boys get. on his tracks <[iiickor you'll ncrer see 1 >ick (i raham again.' I ' l!ah !' replied the trooper. ' It's merely a, matter of time. He's bound J to be run to earth before long-—to-day j or to-morrow, it don't matter much, { does it, pretty one ?' ' I believe you're afraid of him,' i sneered the woman. 'You've heard I that Dick (irahani has sworn he won't i be taken alive, and you are afraid to trv and get him though you have all t his crowd with you.' The trooper never said a word as he I tightened his saddle girths, looked to i Ins pistols and then vaulted hito his saddle, but then; was an ugly devil m his face, and a cruel light in his eye j when he beckoned the oldest of the i black trackers to his side, and said ! some words in the aboriginal tongue. ! The black imp grinned until every | tooth in his head showed white and clear, then bending his supple figuru ; forward he sent, his horse at a hand i gallop on the • Picture's' track. i As unerring as an arrow from a j how lie rode without a check until he slopped at the spot where she had dropped her handkerchief, lie sprang ; from the saddle, ran the reins over the animal's head, through his fore- , legs, and fastened them to the stirrup ; iron, so allowing the brute to feed, ; but not to lift, its head to move away ! rapidly. Then he bent, down and j examined the horse prints candidly, ! measured them with his band, and i not iced that, the beet of the off hind ' hoof hail been split, on the outside, for the print was before him as plain as if written down in the white-fellow's , book ; then he looked round him and ' again came upon hoof prints; this t ime he grinned knowingly, turned and ' followed them up until he found that j they led back to the cam]), and that thev were quite fresh. Making stir* [ of this fact, lie once more went round j in a circle and did not take long to ! pick up the trail of (iraham's horse. ) He followed if out a few yards oil to | the llat salt-bush country ; then going i down upon his hand and knees he j examined the hoof marks most j minutely. After satisfying himself, : he cooced to the rest, of the band and , sauntered over to where bis horse was ; picking the herbage between the j bushes. A lew seconds later Trooper | Holster and the rest of the band ! cantered up. • Well, .Midnight, what do you make of it '?' asked Bolster. '(Irahani been here,' replied the j tracker, pulling his short, dirty black j pipe from between his marvellously j whit.ii and even teeth. j 'Well?' ; ' He ride the grey colt from Koon- j ingburry run.' j \ What, the thoroughbred?' j ' Yes, boss, grey colt, always brushes when fresh. 1 broke him for Doss: j Kennedy, lie cut himself when he brush on inside of oil' fetlock, leave blood on salt-bush, me know him, best horse in back country over cross country, If fellow know how to ride him.' 4 Graham can ride ; who else has been here, and how long have they gone ?' The tracker grinned once more. 4 Him white-fellow not asleep, got j hours' start, Jim AVilkinson's big : stallion been here.' | ' How can you tell the stallion's tracks Midnight V 4 Biggest hoof for a track in country j 1 boss, everyone knows him, sure-footed as wallaby., 4 What do you make of it .ill f 4 Pig Jim know this white-fellow Graham. Big Jim sleep at camp last j j i \ I j j j j j night, find out, somehow about Graham coming here. He ride out, tell < iraJiam and that one fellow no fool, lit; ride for life.' 4 Well, we'll ride him down ; look to your saddles boys, we'll make a hard ride of it and keep this chap warm for once in bis life. Away you go on his trail Midnight, we'll follow you, take the boys with you as far as the ridge and let them wait there for me/ Out over the plain went the blackfellow ; his comardes following. The trail was as easy to them as riding a. bridle track is to a stock-man. Trooper Pyvis and his mates rode, behind the blacks and joked each other about Bolster, and the 'Picture.' 4 lie's dead gone on her, Jim,' remarked one. ' Mad as a dingo among sheep. He'll be sorry for it before he's through with her, or I'm much mistaken.' ' She' s a real daisy to sell thitf chap (irahani to us. She was over head and ears in love with him a little while back.' 'A harlot's love is a bad tiling to rely oil, mate. Their lips are the doorsteps to hell in nine cases out of a dozen, and of all the smart creatures I've ever met the, 'Picture's' the worst by long chalks.' ' What can she see in Bolsber, anyhow ?' No accounting for the tastes of a woman, and such a woman. You can't tell why a rabbit sweats down behind a, bush until the dogs are right up within a few feet of it, anil then shoots oil' right under their hungry muzzles, can you? No one knows why they're such fools, and when vou can't understand a rabbit how the deuce do you expect to analyse a wot na n ?' ' Woman be d d,' growled another trooper. 4 The ' Picture's' no more a woman than Midnight there is one. She's a devil built and furnished on the best plan. That American nigger who put up the ' hoodoo's' curse ot Ilis people on her reckons she's a limb of the evil one, and for my part i think he's about right.' At last they reached the ridge where they had to wait for Bolster, who was in charge of the partv, and climbed out of their saddles, leaving the black' - trackers to canter steadily on after the fugitive. Jim Pyvis, one of (he merriest scamps that ever wore a uniform, drew a field glass from his saddle hag,'and .steadying himself on his horse's wither, he peered at, his chief and the ' Picture.' W hat's the game now, Jim '.' " Seems as if kisses was in big demand down by that clump of mulga,' replied Jim. Is it a fair deal or is it a case give and grab?' ' A fail- market, I make it. Bolster's got his arm round her waist, and she's got her's round his neck, and their lips seem to go together like a black trackers mouth to a brandy flask - - - -' 'Anything fresh, Jim V ' Yes. l ie's got hold of a streak of her ha.ir and seems to be asking her for a pafcch of it.' ' Bet you six to four he don't it ?' ' Not much, you won't ; I'll lay two to one that way myself.' ' No; he's walking away from her, looking mighty n*tfr as pleasant as a squatter does whet hehears that a gang of prospectors are pegging out his run.' • What's the ' Picture ' doing ?' ' Laughing at him. I can see all the teeth in her head glistening. She's enjoying the picnic—but Bolster ain't. She's called to him to stop now.' 4 Hold hard, Jim. Yon can't hear with that glass, you know j- don't let, you imagination run away with you, or we'll have to make you a newspaper fellow or a member ot parliament.' 4 You be hanged ; I've been there, and I ought to know. He's gone back to her now as meekly as a kangaroo hound does after you've put a stock whip round it for thieving,' 4 What's on now, Jim ? v 4 More kissing — couldn't glue a postage stamp to a love letter closer'n those two fools have their faces just now.' 4 One fool and one fraud, Jim.' 4 Yes, I expect that's about it—Oh ! saints alive, she's carving off a lock of ! i I j j i ' j ; i ! i : j i j | j ' [ | . ; j j i ! . ; : ; 1 ; ; i i i i j ; | | 1 j I ; : ; . I j of his hair, to remember him by—ha! ha ! I'd a bet my nag against a scrub 'possum that it'd end like that. She served me the same trick once.' The trooper ran his hands through bis curly locks ruefully. ' She must have hair enough in stock to make a hearthrug with by this time—all lovelocks too. Here comes Bolster ; yoa beggars had better not have a giggle running from your eyes to your ears when he conies up ; a fellow in love is as nice to fall out with a.s a barbed wire fence. I'm going to have a smoke now till he gets here ; it'll help to keep the Hies off, curse them; they're bad enough now, but they'll be worse by mid-day.' 4 What's become of the 4 Picture,' J im V 4 Oh, she cantering off back to the camp gone to put that lock of hair in the bundle with the rest, I guess. Here's the glass ; if an y of you beggars feel particularly anxious you can watcli her till you're tired.' A little later, when trooper Bolster rode up he found his four men lying on their backs in the saltbush smoking their pipes with their soft felt hats tilted over their eyes, and the bridle reins hanging loosely in their hands. 4 Now then boys."' lie yelled quite cheerily, 4 I've gathered all tho information I could about this chap Graham, and we'll start out and ride him down.' lie didn't see the giggle that spread over each face as the men buried their noses under the saddle Haps as they t ightened their slackened girths, and in less than four minutes they were going at a hard gallop after the dark form of the black tracker, who could be seen away in the distance. There was no fooling now : the sun came out as hot as if some spiteful imps had lifted the lid ol'f Hades and let the full glare of (lie seething pit shine down upon these men who were riding so hard in the tracks of a felon. The ffies— the. little grey-specked, active torments of the bush- settled ill the riders' faces, delved down into the corners of their eyes, and entered their nostrils, until thw itching was almost maddening, and many a sultry oath was hurled at tho torments ; but. still they rode on. At midday they came iieros.s a dry watercourse. A lew trees fringed the sandy bed; not a drain of water was in sight, and the wide dry sand belts shone and glistened in the glare of the sun ; and the cockatoos ilew screaming from tree to tree. Their slatecoloured feathers relieved by patches of crimson on head and breast, The stillness of the place was unbroken save for the cockatoos ; here and there, a lean, grey rabbit might be seenhopping noiselessly from one low shrub to another,its big, dark", bright eves seeming to start out of its foolish head with fear. 1 Jut the trackers and the troopers noted few of these things ; otl' went the saddles and bridles, on went the hobbles, and then the chief tracker, 4 Midnight,' started along the bed of the creek, following a man's footsteps. He knew what lie was doing, and his craft,or his instinct, whichever it is that guides the Australian black when tracking, led him to a big gum tree in the centre of the watercourse. The roots, in some places, had projceted above the earth or, rather, sand, and here the blaekfellow stopped, and, turning round, yelled, ' Water here ! (iraham been all along this way.* Then he went down upon his knees and began scooping a hollow at the root of the big eucalypti, while the famished horses hobbled up and stood snitiing at the hole, for they knew that was where they would get their drink from. Any Australian bush horse knows what it means when the rider begins burrowing in the sand. After a while a large shallow hole was sc«oped out, unci then in the centre of this ' Midnight' scooped a smaller anil deeper hole, while his mates handed him pieces of wood they had hunted round for : with these he made a sort of rough pnllisade round the inside of the smaller hole, keeping the sticks a couple of inches apart. Tn a few minutes the water began to trickle in, and then he scooped out the precious fluid with a billycan. (To be continued.) 