THE 8TGRY OF-A WOMAN'S COURAGE. jggjjBaii MifcohettTf&i; one of ,i :£guieVihwf rem othera of their sex, '-i-ASi Ai! '.child she was known a* a "tomboy,'"and jprim 1 (mother* beid -her up Pi ah awful warning 161 ■?]*heirliHle'daughters, while in bar own home vtbo^^destion bow to subdue.her buoyanti ^piritawas wrestled over with tine maternal • : feoUottude. Wheu-sbe grew up eooiety frowned j i;:hpoto','fcei'«e V "hoyden,"nnd her wj'trni /heaht'witbtborns. ?■ -\v . v-'-;" At eightsen she could row.and swim, end ride.and play lawn tenuis! ikeabpy. . She' . Vwm ,'h greet walker,' end upon one oaoasion { had wellced'to Mount Diablo and book in ] two days with her brother and a oouple of j friends—a feat whioh .alone would have sufficed to plaoe her under a' ban in Dan Tranoitoo's beet society. That ehe eong ] like a bird, danced.like a ejlph, end woe, . altogether, averyamiable, pure-mindedgirl, was e small offiet for the tum of her iuiqui ' tiee j and although ehe was exceedingly popular among a aet of young and irresponsible bays, tonservative circles frowned upon, her, and it woe generally understood that ehe wee a young person of moat radical and dangerous tenden cies. It waa, therefore, a matter of polite regret when the announcement of her ooming nnp tiaU with one of this conservative circle was reooived. Tom Middleton wot a promising young . lawyer, of ezoelient family and irreproaohable ] ^manners. It had been generally nnderetood j that Tom'a ideal waa of a different type, and more after the pattern of the elegent eooiety ; women with whom he had been accustomed to associate. His intimate friend and boon aom- [ panion, Jaolt Spenoer, who bad always disap \- proved of Kate, undertook to poae as the | mouthpiece of eooiety, and echoed its senti ments in 'Tom'a unwilling ear. Tom stood ttaunohly by his ooloura, but his friend's words sank deep into hia soul, nevertheleaa. He aeoretly resolved that, for hie sake and her own, Kate must be " toned down." He auooeded even beyond hia hopes. Nine years after her mturriage few would i have reoognised in the quiet, repressed woman the gay and spirited girl of former days. Kate was fond of her husband, and the alohemy of love had wrought the j change; but it is a dangerous thing to meddle with spiritual chemistry as well ob the forces of the material world, and if Tom had known what pent-up longings and rebel- j lions inclinations raged beneath his wife's J quiet exterior he might have repented his j ' success. But he went on oallously and blindly, as men will when dealing with deli cate forces whioh they oannot understand, and Kate kept her grievanoss to herself. Two | \- children pame—the elder a girl, a fiery, un tamed little creature, who made the mother's heart aohe, as she saw in the child a-reflex of j herself; the other a boy, sturdy, deliberate, j like . his father. When the ohifdren grew j larger, and needed room for exercise and out door air, whioh their aity. home would not I afford, they took up their residenoe in a little j oouatry home, not so far away bat that Tom could travel baok and forth daily and attend to his business, and it is here that oar story finds them. One grey December day Kate stood at her window, gazing out apcn the landscape. It had been a dull, tiresome week. Several days before Tom hod started off on a long-promised vaoatiop, which was to be dedicated to a hunt in this mountains, in company with a party of friends. She was thinking, with envy, of this bunting party, and wondering, half-bitterly, why amusements that were conoeded to be proper and healthful for men should not be healthful and proper for women. How she would have enjoyed the long trarapB over the bills, the exoitem6ntof the bunt, the joy of holding a good gun on her shoulder, and know ing that sheoould sight and shoot with the best of them ! She felt a wicked solaoe as she thought of the showers that had fallen in the valley and theelonds that bad hung constantly J over the mountains. She was lonely, dull, nod aross, and ohafed against her hedged-in life, with its narrow boundaries, its senseless restraints. There was e rush of feet through the house. The door of the room opened and the children burst in. " Mamma, the creak is up. Take us down to see it 1" The childish longing for novelty and excite ment found an instant echo in her heart. They had rnn in from outdoor play, and were j bonneted and cloaked, with rubber overshoes to protect their feet from the damp earth. As ! for her, it was refreshing to evade Bridget's 1 vigilsnteye, and to steal out of the front door in her loose house-dress, bare-beaded, and with worsted slippers on her feet. They followed the garden path for a little distance, and then entered a narrow lane leading to a place where they were accustomed to ford in the summer time, but over which now ewept a seething tempestaous flood. Ae they looked and listened, Kate realized that thia was no ordinary freshet, but I the-product of a heavy rainfall over the whole vast watershed, whioh had aoonmulated its i forces in thousands of tiny rivulets, and, join ing issue with the mountain stream, plunged down its narrow channel a mighty and irre sistible power. liven as tbey looked she saw a wall of water suddenly rear up,, above and oome down towards them like' a miniature tidal wave. The dam built by the new Water Company hod given way I They ran baok from the shore to higher ground, and not a moment too soon. The ! stream rose several feet in a seoond. It out I into the solid banks on either side, and bushes j and young trees, rooted up and euoked in by the greedy current, went spinning by. A \- giant syoamore wavered, flung out its bare j and skeleton limbs as if in ghostly protest, and fell far oat into the stream, interlocking j its branohes with a sturdy evergreen oak which stood on the opposite bank, while its trunk, J loosely anchored by long, snake-like roots tossed helplessly in midstream. j "Mammal see the big boards oomingi" cried ont her little daughter. - \- Kate loosed far upstream, Mid saw a great timber sailing leisurely alonff. Now it caught on • projecting snag and swung half about, ; now it struokou a submerged island and idly ] disengaged itself and sauntered on.' Behind it ■ was another, and yet another—the stream waa blaok with them. "Ob, my God t The railway bridge 1" The railroad bridge! and the afternoon train i now nearly due, soon to rush down a steep | frade to a leap into that yawning ohasm. Her rat impulse was to start up the canon, but! she instantly oheoked herself. What folly, j when miles of overflow lay between her and ! the doomed ttain I Word mutt be sent .jlown . to the station, and from there a telegram to] the next stopping-place above the bridge. But ] howl Tho hired man, Jim, had gone an hour 1 before to the village to get the mail and have j ,hia daily gouip with the loungers of the place. -was ;flWt;«Ui>ugh to poverthe circuitous roadl thailny bet ween. Thensbe looked at the pew- j trates vbamoire. Don Ahe %trum. leiiurelv. ! trntesyosmore. Down Ahe strewn, leisurely^ j bat nearerand nearer still, Sailed the great;., timbers.! , ■; y- .> ■ }'Marian, tske little brotherandgostraight j to thehouss, and slay there yilitoutmmi , faaok.". : • . She had already palled, hsrself upby onsof,. Abe rootsand was creeping stealthily along (be swaying trunk. Here her drees eaugbt on A branob; thereabahsd toclimb down <nd crawl along with her feet tinder the enter to Moid - ansprigbtlimb. Ones sbe slipped sndlos* her hold, and ens nearly zuoked into tbeeddy-, ing currant, bdtshe cough tat a stout projeo- - tion end swung herself upagain. . ') She ooald bear the ivuh of the beery tim-. ben upstream m they rooked lazily upon the water, batShe did not date "to look. -Before her the main trunk of the tree was lost, end ; the sswtwodiverglng hmba,one low in the water, theother looked with the oak in mid-air. Whioh to bake? She dared not hesitate, bat began a perilous olimb along the Upper limb, slippery and naked Id places, wavering so that she grew giddy and ehat her eyes to keep from falling. And so, lying prone upon it, hand over hand, ahe crept the entire length, end the great stiok of timber struak heavily against tbefallen gyoamore, and just •• K»U swung kereelf into the branohesof the oak she felt her anpport give way, and with a. groan, and or ash, and wild up-tossings of i*,^ske!eton arras, the old tree tore loose from its moorings, and was swept down the stream towards the bay. . Her handa torn and bleeding, Kate Middle ton reaohed solid ground at length, and Bret ber maternal instinct asserted itself, and sbe looked bank and saw ber children standing still and looking after her. Sbe pointed ' borne with a gesture that they dated not dieobey, and saw them turn up' the lane, i tben sped along ber way. j Sbe was not light of foot as in ber girlhood; whereas she wee onoe fleet at adeer, and swift motion was a very joy to her, sbe now realised , that abe was growing to be a stont and middle- { aged woman. She moved heavily and clum sily, end laboured for breath, and ber foeb were like olode beneath her. There was a mile of rough and rooky ground to be covered be fore sbe reaohed the station, and the train— j oh, bat to poswu onee more the agility of her girlhood 1 ' Which would be first? Would the train flying aorosa the npper levels of the Ooasb Range, reach the next station before the brave woman bad sent ber message of warning?, How many times she asked herself the ques tion, ebe could not have told. She soarotly dared hope that ahe might be in time. Her ! heart seemed ready to burst with grief for the ! terrible misery threatening so many bappy : homes. Alas 1 for the orphaned obildren who ' might ory aloud to Heaven that night 1 Alas ! for fathers and movers whom the morrow | might behold bowed down witb sorrow 1 Alas 1 for husbands and wives I | She was crossing the bed of one of the many abandoned ohannelsof theimpetnousmountain | stream, a rook pathway, strewn with the spoils of bygone freshets, where, even then, a shallow stream was rippling past, token of the torrent's surplus force. She faltered, smitten by a new and awful thought. What if Tom—Tom who was not to oome for two days more; Tom who ; bad started out in an altogether different [ direotion—should have out short his excur sion, or, with hie party driven home by the continued rains, bad somehow wandered to the upper stations and boarded the train there. Where was her vaunted physioal strength now ? What was she, after all, but a weak, wretched woman, with trembling limbs, bvery mnsole clogged by this great horror that bad at her hesjV»«metalnt,roinglnJi*rt ,....,, which suffocated ;^teiy IJrtr.'iyee bfi^eawilh ^tvlA^MaMtySSHAlc Hodl 4wlmin t«Pl! elearandtrue toita purptse, andnrgedenthe flagging body. ;Oa, on. d^JLUiteyliUloofcii across level; stretohes of ssnd.dowh new itavineieheran.' Qnoe sheoddherfcKW oroeiily upon a sharp stone and remembered, for -tha first time, that' she had' on ebb littls worsted slippers she bad worn in tha hodte, and bad: oarelaulyneglected toexchsnge.for walking boots when shestarted down ,;to; the break with bet children. She even bethought her-. self tbst her loose house drew waa aoaroaly the etyieof apparel in whieb aheebould like to present kernel! at -the' station could ehe haw herohoioe, and in ithe aamebreatheent np a prayer of thsnjcfulnesefar its light weight, whioh scarcely encumbered her move ments. ' With all the retb q! her bbiibw dolled, her" bearing appeared to become preternaturally aharp. She teemed to bear the clatter of the approaching train twelve miles away. .The throb', throb, throb of the engine kept pace with her beating heart. She heard tbe hollow eohoea from the neighbouring bills aa tbe train orept over tbe embankments, its deafen ing Glamour aa it rushed- across trestle-work, ita doll rumble aa it rollad overaolid ground. She even seemed to seethe engineer as be laid his hand on the esoaps-vdlve, reads to giw tbe iron monster voice aa it Beared the little mountain town, then the wild shriek of the esoaping steam, the clangour of the bell, the puff, puff, aa the train slankened speed, the olatter of the brakes, the jangle of the oonp linge. . Would she never reach the little red station house, now plainly in sight at the end of tbe smooth gravelled road I She was passing the post-office, where people idly gazed at her. What matter 1 If only there were a horse and i boggy in eight, to help her on ber way 1 If ' only one of the loungers would understand] and take up the miuion whioh her spent strength seem inadequate to fulfil I But she | might not turn aside. On tbe depot platform more loungers, Jim ; among them, rolling a quid of tobaooo in bis oheek and talking earnestly about the state of j the weather and the piospeote of the growing ; orops. They all looked upon Jier as a mad woman ; aa she ran past them. Jim muttered an exple- J tive under his breath, moved by tbe strong indignation that must always possess a self-. fespeoting servant when master or mistress does something derogatory to the dignity of hia "family." j Theetationmaster was in hia office, talking ; with a gentleman who bad come down from j the mountains and was waiting to take the train to the oity. He was olad in a hunting-. suit, and wat talking with some excitement. "It has rained all the weik," be was say ing; "you think it rains hers in tbe valley, but, great guns 1 you should be up in the rnpuu- j tains in a rain-storm. Sheets snd sheets of ' it—biizeards of sleet and hail, and the wind blowing like a hurricane. We broke oatnp yesterday. I took a bee line down here. The rett orossed tbe hills to the station above. They'll be down on the 4 o'olook.*' Voioe and speaker were familiar to tbe woman who stood in the doorway, both bands pressed tp her panting breast. The words asms only too distinctly to. her quickened senses. Then her premonitions were true, and Tom—Tom was on that fated tram. Again ber body reeled, but her steady brain saved her. "Stop the train 1 The bridge is gone 1" she cried. Both men looked up, startled at the words. With the prompt movement of a man'rained to obey orders, the agent leaped to his instru ment ; the other man, slower to comprehend, f^u£iorii|tn£:j $£aa,X? *"' •>•'•—• < I „!?!*WAr*i£Sm1itok^r"*h'*singlefin potions fe«of stisiioe, . Th» \ with fiubwlmft Kate itiddleton remained f^i'W.in «ta i9o«w»^ heriieude clasped low. bm-faoe blaaohedwith dread, and Ml W *?ul, «h«ort«a ;ia lieteaiug. Jaok Speaoer lowly comprehend log the abetting of 'the *°*oe> waited, hisinterest growing with every aioazenl4deity. . •■ ■ it last it came, the monotonous otipk, click, conveying its portentous tDMaege in a' lan guage unknown to two of the three listener*, she operator rose from hiscbatr. il '■ ^t". The train mi polling out ■ of the station, hat they etopped her." _™'6 Middle ton clutched at'the doorway. •Kir the first time in her life her heed gave way. She waa again on the swaying eyoa more, and the limb waa. oraoking, breaking, going down. Shefelt the water an her fane and opeoed her eves to find Jaok Spenoer snp I porting ber head, and the elation agentpour ing loe-oold water over her." • She'}' be all right in "a miunto," raid Jack, oh serially. ."Now, Mm. Middteton, with yoor permission, 111 ace yon home." .She borrowed a hat and oloak from the station affemi wife. Jim brooirbt up the uor.es. Jack Spenser handed her into tbe wsgoo with grare oourte.y, and tbey drove OH. Some of«the lounger., dimly understand ing what aba had done, looked on ouriounly. that was all. No fuse, no formal tributea, no' apeechmakrog even from the two who under stood. There was no deputation of strong men to tender ber pnblio tribute in voioes shaken by sobs. Contrary to all tradition, and unlike any hero or heroine whoever saved a ,'5* wreok, she wae on tbe wrong eida of the bridge, and the people moat deeply con Oerbed were nine i&ilutwty.s; Neither honour nor praise awaited Kate in her own homo,;'Bridget scolded ber and put ber to bed, and deolared that the " wud surely eatob her death a cold, and she deserved it well, and tried to save her from the oonse qnenoes Df ber misdeed* at the aame time. 01 the children, Harry stubbornly resented her base assertion of them on tbe bank of the raging stream, and Marian, with ber mother'a spirit of adventure strong upon her, terrified tbe household by avowing ber intention of going aoross the water on a tree the first time she oould eaaape parental authority. The mother bad bor reward, nevertheless. Liata that night, when the ohildreu were asleep and Bridget bad relaxed guard, Hate 91? bed, and donning a wrapper and snawl laid herself down upon the lounge be fore the open fire, to enjoy scanning tbe daily The rain fell steadily without, so steadily that the sound, of a horse'e bools aoming up tbe sodden driveway was soaroely distinguishable from tbe patter of the rain drops. Kate started up as she heard a step outside the door. Another moment and Tom was before her, looking very solemn, like a newly materialized ghost. "Tom?" she cried sharply, and then she seemed tooower before him; yet not before him, but the horror of the afternoon, whioh ogam dssoended upon her and took possession of bar. Tom, her husband, might have been one of that gnely throng of mangled, orusbed, dead, and dying phactoins of the might-have been ever torturing ber mental vision. She pressed her hands over her eyes, as if tbey might bar out the sight. "Oh, you ought not; you never Bhould do anon a thing, aha ajud. After all, ahe had nerves, and they had been sorely tried that day. " WhM do you main?" gravety demanded a V»#**Vndoed a eorry greetiuff after all be had been through* " You shouldn't have come home in this un expected way; you should let people know when you are coming," " Kate," said Tom aolamnly, seating himself on the aofaand drawing her down beside bits, you will speak differently when yon know now near I came to not oomiog borne at all • I have travelled twelve miles on horseback over arough mountain road to get here to-night. We were just starting out of Presoita when we were notified that the bridge three milei below there—six miles above here, Kate—bad been carried away," " fid Jon find out!" Kate was herself !*?'?■ ,There W,M • Iittie twinkle in her eyes, mut her lip trembled. "As to that," replied Tom, "reports are somewhat vague. Bat «U aoooante agree it ■mf* t ,A°d »he did wonderful things. The bridge.tender s wife, I believe. Floated -down stream on a timber, somebody said. Btarted, all dripping, for tbe station, and got there in an unoonioionably.ehort time. Not a minute to apare. If it hadn't been for «ay7" W" * vronderful fe»t. everybody " But how—-very—unladylike V said Kate, in a shooked voioe, stooping to pick up some thing from the floor. " v «V UDl^y'^el ' oried Tom, excitedly. " I ton yon.Kate, that was something worthwhile. Very different from your lawn-tennis praotioe. When a woman puts her strength to such a use-ana suoh a strain as it must have been, by Jove 1 Why, Kate, I doubt if yciu oould so muoh as walk to town and baok. But when a woman saves two or three hundred livesat one stroke—- My goodness, Kate 1 What have -you boon doing to your foot!" For^ Mrs. Middieton bad unconsciously poshed the wounded fool into sight, and its osdof bondages, piled up by Bridget's olumsv fingers, and finished with a red flannel swath ing, wm indeed .calculated to Strike terror to toe beholder. T,"1—I twk a little walk to-day," replied Kate, guiltily, trying to hide ber foot again beneath tbe hem of her dress. "But don't let ns talk about that, Tom. I'm sorrv J eremed queer and aoM when yon name in. I waan t feeling well, and yob—jou looked so. it made me ehirer." Like many people wboare.daunblew in the presence of real danger, Kate, had all her life been aby ob praise If ehe oould have kept h»' » »he men tolly termed it, from her husband, ebe would gladly havedone it. Bet, stupid as he waa in °b»oae ae he waa, be waa not to be put off » thi* way. He waa already on hie ames hesida bar, on tying threads, removing ta/to i°th5 io apiteof her pro ha f ftoloied a little foot, purple Me sidT*"' *" *l'h *n ttgly< ou» «i A Vi«l°.-IStf V0^?01' to-night. A little walk? I should »»y so. Kate, what have,you boon op to now 7" °n elippers," oonfeeaed Hie Svl^r — *hat» wasn't time-to obsnge toea. Let it atone, Tom. I'll be aU rich t to inorrow. . . . nHIs persisted Tom, Osxer, Kate, yon ore not to be trusted alone any more than a two-year-old ,131 »ey»r dare to go off and. leave you dawning >:< £ think lie kieeed the little lame.brtiUed foot _ I aaafreid he did 1-imt; auf foolian thinga andhumbled -ijbimeelf mod latnenUblyto tbowhielove for hit brave yonngwife, hii pride in htr, and hit contri tion.- ;•'.:*"i'.o. ■■-■ ■■ \- Tier* arm* * purse made tip by the pes aengereon.- the overland -train tbatfetefnl day to'reward the plueky woman who had : eared them fromanoha frightful disaster, hot: thejrwers never "able to findharocit. ; Sba' etationmaster add Jack Bpenoerlrept their. Moretweli. The onlysubsoription that eta* reached iit destination wMTomHiddletoaV ' Hii wife sometime# wear* a veryugly bracelet eat witha eonple of very large: and pg|D>eron« gold coins, When people queetion her about it abe replies that it it a medal Tom onee awarded her for a raoeahewbh. IliigSMitfly understood that the refere to eome rowiDg matoh or horwbaok ride, (or there are boat* on the pond now, uddle horses in Tom's stablet, and a tennis oonrt on tha lawn.. Botevenaa ■' aha an a w»r» Kate sees again the railroad train,' with iti preoiotu living freight, thundering on to destruoti-n; end a woman, hare-headed, wild-eyed, with draggled drew end bleeding feat, raoing detperately eorow e rough ooon Sry, in a mad effort to avert the impending danger.' -Tht Argonaut. 