FICTION. My Uncle's Ghost. ( Continued. I tried to talk with her, for she in terested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said no thing by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why Bhewns travelling alone. Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. She glanced at me one or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. I've got to do it, I heard |her say in the (faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe that she knew that she spoke aloud, so ocoupied was she with her own thoughts. In a few minutes she Bpoke again, still talking to herself— They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I would never — I lost the next two words, but they sounded like ' disgrace him.' She seemed aware then that she bad spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. I turned a page of my book and settled back farther iDto my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a picture. As near as I could make out it waB the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling lips. Shelooked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it fervently under cover of her handkerchief. After that she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to tear that picture into inch bits. Ah, ah, a lover'isquarrel ! I thought ; and yet it didn't seem like that. It was too serious ; like a parting for ever. In a little while she tarned to me. She was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. Will you please open the window ? she asked. I have something to throw away. I did as she wished, and she scat tered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. Now that is over tho rest will bo comparatively easy, she said this time to me. What will be easy ? 1 ventured. Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger, she replied. I suppose I mean life will be easier while we live, and death when we die. Life should always be easy for one as yonng as yourself, I said gal lantly. She turned her beautiful eyes to wards me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sor row, passion and pain, while she said, slowly : — Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine ha? been sweet, with an emphasis on the ' has been' ; too sweet to last : bat now — well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear. And she turned away. After that I could only make her speak in monosyllables. At last, that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which might be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut iny eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. There was a little, scraggy, pale, November moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the berth below. I even seemed to notice a faint unpleasant odour. All my senses were abnor mally active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. "When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale yellow moon and I had a hand to hand fight to Bee which of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. i I had important business- a few stations this side of Chicago, bnt I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady before I left the car. In the morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. "When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-pas sengers were visible, bnt that berth under mine was just as it had been all night, the girl had not yet appeared : could she be ill ? I was very near my Btopping-place— I could not go with out saying good- bye. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him thatthere was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. He went to the berth directly and made one Btartled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on hercheekB, her lips still that won derful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart — ah ! there was no action there. She was dead. By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and questions as to who she was, and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair ; then I went out to the platform again, add remained there until I reached my station. The .major smoked violently for\ few moments. But where does the ghostcome in ?W- " asked at length. .W The ghost! he said, with a suggesVu tion of passion in his voice, which Df had never heard there before ; she is \ the ghost. Her pale face, black drns,., Y"' and violet eyes, have haunted me u > s or less ever since. I can hear he c sweet, musical voice as plainly to-da\ , when I will allow myself, as I did thet , and it was fifteen veurs ago. Theio : i a place in my heart now for thosp poui little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic .vorv. I am never on duty at night that she does not stand before me with thatA little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out ray armB to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was — you will say an illusion, a fancy— but I call it her ghost. How many times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for tbe wrong he bad done. Tes, wrong, for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death. Perhaps that is why I have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a woman who coHld be to me what her memory is ; I saw her but once ; she was not even a name to me : of her self, her character, I know nothing, and I am called a man of the world. And yet, boy, he exclaimed, taming to me, his face gray with passion, I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her — spirit, her memory, if yon will, than I should be if I knew another, a real woman, waB waiting to fiing soft arms about my neck, to kiss me with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom; I seldom speak of my owp - , feeling and emotions, hut perh'aps now yon can faintly understand how much reality there can be even in a ghost. The major had gained complete con trol of himself once more, and was nodding good-humoredly over his r pipe as if romance, women and he had always been, as they always would be, Btrangers. The End. 