BISHOP GALLAGHER AT ALBURY. THE DUTIES OP BISHOPS AND CLERGY. TRIBUTES TO PIOKBER PRELATES AND PRIESTS. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.} His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. John Gallagher, * Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn, on this his first Episcopal visit to Aibury had a most cordial wel come. The public proceedings took place in St. Patrick's Hall. A fine programme oi: music was gone through, and during the intermission a num ber of gentlemen went on the platform, where an address of welcome was read by Mr. Kenneth M'Lennan, on behalf of the Catholic people of the Aibury parish. ? 'To the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn. ' May it please your Lordship, we, your faithful people in this parish, hasten to accept the ftrst opportunity afforded of offering to you our warmest congratulations at your elevation to the episcopacy. ? We rejoice with the clergy and laity of the diocese that one so eminently fitted by his virtue and learn ing, talents and culture, long and varied experience in missionary and scholastic work has been chosen : by the providence of God and the favour of the Apostolic See, as coadjutor and successor to our venerable and well- beloved prelate. Your distin guished career as a missionary, your successful administration as president of St. Patrick's College in the interests of higher education ; your zealous labours in a neighbouring parish, afford us a well-grounded hope and expectation of the ability, prudence and zeal with which you will administer the ecclesiastical affairs of this important diocese. To your Lordship this parish will be entrusted, the care of fostering the noble works commenced by the saintly Father Twoomey, and continued by the vigorous energy of the ever-to- be-remembered Dr. M'Alroy (evidence of whose great deeds stand forth in the stately edifices you see around), and still later the labours of that active organizer the present Bishop of Wilcannia, which work we feel sure will bo worthly carried on by our present energetic pastor, Father Hennessy. In conclusion wec;in assure your Lord ship that you will have the generous co- operation of the people of this parish in all your undertakings for the welfare of religion. Beseeching the Almighty to long spare you to adorn the high office to which his Holiness has confirmed you, and desiring to be remembered in your prayers. Signed on behalf of the congregation, ' J, Kenxessy, Pastor. ' Kenneth M'Lennan, Chairman.' The address was beautifully executed and illu* minated by Mr, H. W» Cotton, and elegantly framed by Mr. Skimmer. The second address, prettily written-, embellished and designed by one of the nuns in the convent, was next presented by Miss Teresa Reis on behalf ol the pupils of St. Joseph's Convent of Mercy High School. 11 My Lord,— We, the pupils of the Convent High School, unite in words of joyous and heartfelt wel come op. this occasion of your first episcopal visit to -our school. 'Many times have we heard of your Lordship's steal in the cause of education, and of the fervid and eloquent words of encouragement you have uttered on the higher education of woman. ' They will prove a source of emulation to us to work with renewed energy, so that we may retain for our school its place in the educational system which the founder of our convent, the venerated Dr. M'Alroy, whose ardent *;eal and spirit of self sacrifice are so well known to your Lordship, was so desirous should be our own, and whose motto was, ? The highest and the best in education-.' 'Praying that your Lordship may be Spared many, many years to assist our revef ed and vene rated prelate, Dr. Lanigan, by your wise counsel in the government of this great diocese, and asking your blessing. ' We are, my Lord, your respectful and devoted children, 'The Pupils or tkk Hlfcft School. ' *? October 2, 1895.' Master R. Crowe also read very distinctly an ad dress on behalf of the boys of St. Patrick's School. An address was also presented to the Bishop the same evening by the Hibernian So'ciety-. THE BISHOP'S RE^LV. Iffiis Lordship, who was loudly cheered on rising, ?said — To the multitudes who had left the city and 'gone into the dttsert to contemplate John the Bap tist, our Divine Lord addressed this question, — ?*? Wha§ went you into the desert to see?' May not R, without irreverence, put the same question to-day? Why has this multitude left their homes, their work, ^hfcir spheres of varied duty, or at least their social 1-r domestic circle ? What source of attraction has brought into this splendid hall such a large assem blage of every age, and sex, and condition ? What have you come to see ? Is it a man clothed in soft garments ? No, my dear friends, you are not deceived regarding these ornaments of silk and gold, which venerable custom and the ritual of our holy faith have attached to our episcopal robes. Like the XJrim and Thummim which reposed on the breast of the High Priest of Israel, they are only to remind us of the awful responsibilities of our sacred office — that learning and holi ness and zeal are the trje ornaments of him who would enter the holy of holies charged with the vows and the wants of his flock, that even his time is no longer his own, but that literally he should be a slave to duty and ,to the temporal and eternal in ? tcrests of his people. As for him whom you have come to see, even if it were permitted by his sacred office, neither his birth, nor his education, nor his tastes, nor the tones of his voice, nor his habits of life fit him for association with the great. A son of the people by birth, his inclinations will keep him such even to the end. But what went you out to see ? ' A reed shaken with the wind ? ' A man without firmness, without strength, without deter mination, tossed about with every wind of, doc trine, or yielding a feigned assent to every novel theory, to every fantastic whim of a fickle or unbe lieving people, pliant, supple, polished, paying court to every popular breeze void of religious prin ciples or dogmatic faith ? No. This is not the con ception a Catholic people forms of its chief pastor. He should not be a reed whose head can be bowed down by the dew of adulation, or laid pros trate by the hail of opposition or trouble, but a tree ?which is planted by the running waters, which shelters the flock beneath its protecting shade, and fills their hearts with food and gladnoss. Not a reed, but rather an oak, strong and firm, bidding defiance to every storm, with head erect towards the heavens, and roots planted in the everlasting hills. But, then, ' who are you ? ' you have a right to inquire, as did the messengers of St. John (John 1., xxii.), 'that on returning to your homes you may give an answer to those who ask you, He whom you have to see, by the grace of God and favour of the Apostolic See, is a bishop.'1 This word embraces all. By this title, he who ad dresses you (whatever his own unwUrthihess may be) holds in your regard the place, as St. Ignatius, the martyr, says, of Jesus Christ on earth. He is for you the representative of the Divine Majeisty, the messenger of good tidings from above, the ambassador of God. Sober, just, not quarrelsome, a follower of good works, an example to the faith ful in conversation, in charity, in faith ; he should be instant in season out of season doing the work of an evangelist, in all things labouring as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. If the name of the King, his Master, is outraged, if the flag of His Son Jesus Christ is not respected, if the rights of the Church or His Ministry are trampled on or despised, if the integrity of sound doctrine is threatened, lie should raise his voice. 'For the sake of SionI will not be silent, for the sake of Jerusalem I will take no re pose' (Isaias lxii., i.). Defender of truth and free dom, unmoved by the blandishments of flattery, by the threats of power, by the clamour of mobs ; he should grasp with a firm hand and hold aloft the standard of liberty, of justice, of truth, which is also the standard of faith and God. Overseer as his name implies, protector of faith and morals, upholder of discipline, sentinel on the watch-tower, guardian of immortal souls, entrusted with the interests of the Eternal Father, amongst men he should be vigilant, he should observe, he should weigh, he should be ever ready when danger threatens from enemies without, or weakness or treachery within, to raise the cry of alarm. Taking heed to himself and to soun.d doctrine, shunning profane and vain babblings, not lording it over the clergy, but becoming a, pattern of the flock from, his heart, he ahould, as pastor and father, know his cheep and his sheep should know him. He should, for the purpose visit, the sacred, canons say, hig diocese every year, if possible. He should as his first of 'all cares, ward off the lambs of his flock from noxious pastures and hare them supplied with wholesome food, as yours are here in their Catholic schools, sheltered from the secular blaot, beneath the shadow of the sanctuary. Even the words of the violent anti-Catholic Milton might teach us bishops our duty as to the education of our children— ?' l;he hungry sheo^ look tip arid are not fed'; But Qwolii with wind and the fditk liiisb they dfaW, Rqt inwardly and feel cdntdgion spread, Besides wBat the grim 'vt'o I f v/itn prity pnlw Daily de^otirs apace, and nothing Sitld j But that tw.o-bfiadeci engine at the door1 Stando roiuly tosmito ou'cg aiid srriito no more. By the imposition of hands aiid b'y prayer in the Sacrament of Confirmation, he prays iHat the Holy Ghost may descend into their young souls, iildy fill them with His seven- fold gift andgtve them strengtii to fight as valiant soldiers of Jesus Christ the battle of life, upright men here on earth, but fashioned for an immortal destiny. It is his duty to see that church edifices and all sacred vessels and appliances are in ample supply, in good repair, and, as far as means allow, worthy of the great Master whom we oerve, of our own Catholic iaith, and of the deep respect we have for His high and holy worship. It is portion of his sacred office to inquire if the faithful have the Gospel preached to them, if all facilities are afforded in proper time and place for the worthy reception of the sacra ments, if on the threshold of life the young cleansed from original sin are made Christians and children of God with becoming rites in the sacrament of baptism, if when anyone is sick amongst you the priest is brought in and the praypr of faith is said and he is anointed with oil in the sacrament of extrerne unction, if in a word our holy religion accompanies the departed spirit beyond the portals qf the tomb ; and lays those relics, that were once the temples of the Holy Ghost, to repose in peace with hecoming rite ant} prayer and last words of Christian welfare, awaiting the dawn of a brighter day amongst the ashes of his people. It is fitting for many reasons that he who comes amongst you to take the place to-day of our venerable Bishop should begin the first public discharge of his sacred func tions with Aibury. From almost every point of view Aibury is the premier district of the Goulburn diocese. For the architectural beauty and fitness of Its_ religious buildings, for the completeness of all things required for the decent order of divine ser vices, for the number and advancement and credit able appearance of the children who attend it© several Catholic schools, for the generosity with which it has always supported its institutions of charity and religion, it is perhaps second to no rural parish in Australia. Hardly any other parish can- look back with so much pride to the roll o2 illus trious priests who have ministered at its altars, v/ho have instructed its people from the pulpit, r/hc have built its churches and its schools, who haw nursed it, as it were, with loving care from infancy to the fulness of the stature of that perfect manhood which it now enjoys. The figure of the good Father Twomey, who founded this mission, may be now forgotten 5 but the beauty of his holy life, the sweet odour of his virtues and good works linger still. Dr. M'Alroy v/as a giant in his day, truly the apostle of the South. His is a name which,' like Therry or M'Encroe or Polding, v/ill stand out in bold relief in proportions that shall grow more majestic and defined as the years roll on. A great priest himself, great in head and great in heart, he gave to us the priests- o£ a younger generation that example of energy^ directed by piety and faith, and to the laity that generous spirit of active co-operation with their clergy, which have for the last quarter of a cen tury enabled our venerable Bishop to adorn this diocese with so many splendid monuments of en lightened progress, of charity, of learning, of reli gion. While Dr. Dunne, in fine, shall exercise on a wider field for many years, we trust that energy and capacity for rule and administrative power and organizing skill, which helped so much to make Aibury the model parish, not merely of this diocese but of New South Wales. The command of holy Writ, ' Ne laudes hominem in vita cua,' not to praise a man while he is alive, forbids me to say anything of those to whom are entrusted its spiri tual interests to-day. They will strive to act as brave a part as those who have gone before them, to hand down the tradition of unselfish lives of great Avorks nobly accomplished, to those who in a few years will take their place. It will be theiir unceasing effort, as I am sure it is their fondest ambition, that Aibury shall in the future as in the past, occupy her proud position as first, not merely in population, but first in the solemnity of its its sacred functions — first in the efficiency of its schools, first in the generosity with which it supports its institutions of charity and benevolence, first to clear off old re sponsibilities, that it may lead the van in new works for God's glory and the benefit of ouir fellow mpn 5 first, in lnvfil allppianfifi to holv faith, first in the practice of that religion which is our only safe guarantee tit progress in time and of happiness in eternity. As fo? Mm -whom you have assembled to honour, he feels grateftll for your beautiful address. It cheers him exceedingly when entering upon the discharge of his sacred duty. Ths Episcopate is not a sinecure. If it is a great honour, it brings with it great responsibilities. To whom much has been giveiij of him much shall be required. It is si heavy burden in every country. But in Aus tralia it is heavier' aiilh 'To renew all things in Jesus Christ,' to place all things under the legiti mate empire of God, to combat everywhere the sacrilegious substitution of self-seeking for principle, of the temporal for the eternal, of man for God, which is the deadly sin of the age, to solve once more by the teachings of the Gospel and the authority of . 'the Church those problems which the Gospel and the Church have solved so often before— education, family, property, power — to re-establish a Christian equilibrium between the various orders of society, to make peace among men upon earth and to form citizens for heaven. To do all this he should be a man not only of piety but learning, of courage, of sacrifice, of strength, with a mind to conceive great designs and a will to carry them through. Such are some of the duties oi a Bishop in the time and , place in whie'li f/fav live1. O,k, blessed Lord, 2tow much I need Thy light to guide rn-3 -m my way ; Hotf many hands thit iviCh-mfc heed Still totfcB Thy wounds and BJrtfco them blea', How maay ieist th'ati day by day Still waudor froitf ^'hy fold astrny f Uuless Thou fill me tfftb Thy light I cannot lead Thy flock aright^ j B,u't in the future we can discern gjeat wantsv JfiCYiuence nOlUS OUt \,u us tut: piumiou w gj.a-w resourct=s--a! Jealous priesthood, a faithful people, religious teaefcSW of both sexes, capable, earnest, devoted, whose solfl flffibition is to do God's work well, to kindle in the hearte of the young that sacred fire of science and oi vfrtu'e, of knowledge and of holiness, which will increase in wa-rnath and in light from generation to generation. Even a kindly, sympathetic feeling on?the part of those1 who are* separated from us by differences of faith applauds our sacrifices and not seldom seconds our efforts for She elevation of our own people, and for the preser vation oi iaith and spiritual life in this young andl happy land. Our faithful people will rally around oiir priests and the teachers of our Christian schools. They will hold aloft the beacon light of sacrffii^ of labour, of self-abnegation, and of prayef Xvlibe be the humble office of the whet stone to sharpen the zeal of all, or rather of the cement to bind togtfthor the varied materials of the beatiilM temple of God, not to rule so much as to direct nOi to command, but to lend the way and cheer vou on, to point out the paths of victory in our great but pacific struggle of faith, of beneficence and of love, of noble works nobly doue for the progress of our country, for the salvation of our immortal souib. 