THE FAILURE OF DEMOCRACY. Annie Beasant is said to be disgusted with the failure of democracy in Aus- tralia, “and it is likely that her opinions will be expressed in no hesitating fashion in sonic of the English magazines,” A good many other people are likewise dis gusted-'Wich tho failure of democracy in Australia,', and in many other places as well. Few' of 'these, however, stop to consider f that monarchy and aristocracy have been- failures for 5000 years, or thereabouts, while/democracy only began to Jue seriously heard of onany largo scale, half a century ago, and isn’t really started yet. When half a dozen large, civilised nations have run nn absolutely democratic Government—a Government where the whole Legislature, the president, and all tho other powers that bo, are elected by adult suffrage only—for 1000 years, then it will be possible io decide whether demo cracy is a failure or not. Tho professed democrats who propose to throw up their faith in disgust because a few small, obscure States, with a political system which is one-third democracy and two* thirds oligarchy, haven’t revolutionised the world in a single generation, nod who, therefore, desire to go back to the system which deluged tho earth . with blood for fifty centuries, are not likely to do much good to any cause. They belong to the class that would give a 2-grain quinine pill to a Methuselah in tho last stage or leprosy, and demand that he should become young and healthy again in one act. The world is very, very old, and diseased, and rotten, and unweildy and ignorant; and it is debased by countless ages of oppression, and weighed down by tho ghosts and fetishes and wandering spooks of more old super stitions than any man can count. It has first to learn by ft long, slow process of evolution what liberty really is. Then it has to acquire its liberty, and to defend it when acquired. Then it has to learn how to use it, and if these processes show any definite sign of accomplishment in another ten centuries the good work will bo mak ing reasonable progress. It has taken monarchial Europe 1400 years, dating from tho time when Europe as a whole begun to have a written history, to acquire tho first faint glimmer of a know ledge that peace is better than war, and it lias made such little progress with its lessen that tho bloated armaments of to day are the biggest and most costly ever known or heard of. — Bulletin. 