FEDERATION AND THE BE VENUE, j To THE EDITOR. j SIB,-Tue attitude assumed by Sir Jahn Forrest towards the Premiers' Conference at Hobart on. the the federation question ia ona tost should meet with the strongest dis- approval of thoae who believe in demooratio forms of Government. The suggestion brought forward by the Premiers of Victoria and South Australie ja undoubtedly the moat practical and fair of any yet advanced, inas- much as it would provide for the emotion of the Convention by the people, and that the sóbeme decided on by them should bo thea accepted or vejeoted by the people. Upon what grounds can Sir John and his satellites cavil at this proposal P 'Are they af raid*4hat ! if tho Convention is elected by the people, their 'stupendous intellects will not be ohoaeu to shape the futura of Aus- tralia, or are they afraid that if the Convention agree upon a Boheme of federation the people may accept it. These are the only conclusions one oan come to af ter following their proceedings atthereoent Conference. It ia most improbable that more than two of the present delegates to the FederalCouuoilwould stand a "ghost of a show" at aa election with the whole oolony voting as one constituency on tne basis of our antiquated Boheme of manhood suffrage. Not even the gifted elcquenoe of the member from the seaside would avail to persuade the electors to recognise him aa a fit person to Bhape the f atura of United Australia, and the other madiooriliea who have gone to the Hobart picnic would meet with a like reoep tion; and then there is the fear that tba people in Western Australia might wake np to the foot that it would be to their advantage to federate. Tba individual who lately acquired suoh a reputation for weigbt-oarryiog np hill, knows as he Beans the revenue returns what a large proportion ot tha» revenue is derived frpm the workers and producers by 'means of Customs duties,&c;, and vs he looks at the expenditure returns he sees the thou- sands spent ia the distriota where bis sup -porters* lands ara located, and notes with inward chuckling how they rake io the shekels earned by the pnblio expenditure and which should bolong to all. Then that word Federa* tion comes np before bim and ha knows it meauB that at tba fulfilment of that fact these Customs duties mast melt away,,and thea taxation must be mule, and he feels a fearful sinking as he thinks that perhaps tba people may dem»nd that the increased value of these lands shall be returned to the State as taxatien. So he cornea forth as thu saviour of his country from these terrible ills! Workers, when will yon learn to appreciate this patriotism at its true worth P Tho fact of the whole matter is the Federation question is the laud tax question, and it os such that Sir John and his supporters oppose it. Tours, ¿fcc, G. F. P. Fer liv February ll. 