j leoture on baptism. Tho Eev. D. Porteus, in dealing with the above 8nhject last Sunday evening, took for fi is starting point the worJs of St. Paul, “ There is one Lord, one faith, one baptism.” (Ep hesians iv, 5). He remarked the singular fact that tho ordinance of baptism had frequently been the sub ject of heated discus.siou, from the earliest age of the Christian church. It threatened to split up the church in Corinth, and called forth the sharp rebuke front St. Paul, who tried to | give them correct views by showing that it was merely an external ordi ! nance or ceremony, when he declared, “ I came not to baptiz*, but to preach the Gospel.” And now on the olo=e of the nineteenth century, notwith standing all our progress, enlighten ment and toleration, we find some people frequently parading this ordinance, aud a special form of ad ministering it, with all possible earnestness as though it embodied tho very essence of t,he Gospei. Mr I Porteus' then pointed out the con- I nection between the Old and the New I Testaments. In the New we have [ the fulfilment and reality of what j is ad been typified Hnd foreshadowed i in the Old. We live in the dispen sation of the Iloly Spirit. Tin one [ baptism was tiiat of the Spirit. John 1 taught that- his was only a baptism with water, but Christ would baptiz1* with the Holy Ghost. It was this which title 1 them for their grand ; mission, not the baptism by water. : Let us now look at the manner in | which it was predicted or promised, i Never by dipping or immersing, bnt 1 always by pouring or sprinkling : 11 I i will sprinkle clean water upon you ( ; and ye shall be clean from all your | | filthiness ; a new heart also will I give I I unto you ... I will pour my Spirit j i upon you.” . . . And} when Isaiah j I speaks of tbe extension of the king : dom of t!:e Messiah he says, “ So i : shall lie sprinkle many nations”—net • dip or immerse many aations. And j : if we look at the ceremonial law, j | where the purifying or sanctifying j I was symbolically performed, was it j imt by sprinkling ? In the ix ch. of j ! Hebrews, 10 verse, we are told that ! j the service of the Tabernacle was the j I offerings cf m3ats and drinks and j i divers washings (baptisms); then; j follows a description of those Hap- j j tismous, which were all by sprinkling, j I St. Mark tells us when the Pharisees i I came from market they eat not until I I they have baptized. Bnt the mode of baud washing was by having wafer poured on them. And yet there are people who tell ns the word baptiso never means anything else j than immersion. We may still ! further see the absurdity of this state | ment by the declaration that tile j ! chil Iren of Israel “ were all baptized j ! unto Moses in the cloud and in the | j sea.” Yet we are told they passed j J through on dry land. But no doubt j 1 they were sprinkle! by the light | spray carried by the high winds, j Mr Porteus next referred to the stress j laid on the prepositions eis and ek, rendered into andont of, and showed j that they had so many other meanings that they have no value as evidence, and leading Baptists have confessed I j that they carried no weight in the j way of proving that baptism was by I immersion. But let us now look ! more particularly at the word b.iptizo j and its root bapto. The latter means ! I to dip, or plunge, and never means anything else in connection with religions ceremonies. Bnt, as we have seen, baptizo is often employed to express sprinkling and pouring ; hence we may infer, if the design had been to teach baptism by immer sion, the root word (bapto) wan'd have been used, as there could not I have been any mistake about its j meaning ; but it is never once used in relation to Christian baptism, but ! invariably its derivitive baptizo is I used, hence we are justified in our belief that the teaching in Old aud New Testament is chiefly in favor of baptism by sprinkling or pouring, though it is possible there may have been instances of dipping or | lunging. At the close Mr Porteus intimated that on some other occasion he would j lecture on 11 The Proper Subjects for ] Baptism,” 