THE HISTORICAL GAME RICHARDSON IN BOWLING FORM. THE AUSTRALIANS SCORE MODERATELY. THE INTEREST MAINTAINED. A CLOSE FINISH EXPECTED. ENGLAND 269 TO "WIN, WITH NINE WICKETS. NOTES BY " OBSERVER." It was too much to expect fine weather right through this game, and yesterday the change came-not to rain but to a gale of wind and clouds of red dust Seen from a distance the Melbourne Cricket ground looked anything but a picnic spot One looked down into a valley of dust, with just the roof of the pavilion and the tops of the elm trees peeping through "There is some soul of goodness in things evil The things evil were the dust and the ivy and the soul of good Press the rain that was to come on the heels of it and has not yet arrived Iveidlsa) that the person so quoting hliiil.esDenre in the MCC pavilion yesterday was a sympathiser with Australia' It was a windblown ground 'The South Australian and English Linga on the grand stand, brought over by) Mr Cresswell from Adelaide, were reducing themselves to picturesque letters in their efforts to defy the trees But they would not lower them and the Major been a sailor instead of a soldier, and notice 1 lion his red and white awning believed in the wind, he would have given the order, All hands stand by to shorten soil As it was, the wind took it in hand, eventually ribboned it, and most ungallant) lashed the Indies beneath with the remnants Boreas was unquestionably rude just then The fig trees round the ground showed the copper coloured reverse of their leaves, and the whole pleasing picture of the previous day was changed to fine, flutter, and execration It was no wonder that the attendance fell away, for it required fortitude on the part of ladies especially to sit there while the dust man dredged them with corporation tip tons an I road sweepings Abominable was the only word, though once or twice I fancied that I heard overwrought feeling even more forcibly expressed The number who paid fell away to 7.076, the takings to £480 19s, and there were in all about 11,500 people present There was very little pleasure in either playing cricket or looking at it on stockade Dust and grit blows into the eyes of the batsmen at critical moments, and the bowlers have if anything the best of it Harry Trott's slows, for example, blowing about in the flight when he gets a heavy cross wind However his mission was to bat, and with CJ runs made for one wicket he and Giffen went on to the bowling of Lockwood and Peel 'J rou s first was a snick behind the wicket to the chains of one of Lockwood's fast ones, and as the wind was then blowing almost down the line of the Wickets very little force I was required in one direction for a fourer 'lite 1 ngbshtnen had to do very little out fielding up the wind I had part of the ground was left almost entirely to the owners of high lljlngbats who chased their head gear across the ground Before they went in Gillin had been consulting the Ornate, ann said, " Then as to be no rain, so we must play steadily and stop there Harry Trott stayed only while hnlfadoiícu runs were made, and was then clean Son had by Peel As in the first innings, he scored -U, and on both occasions was beaten by a really splendid ball An aggregate of 81 for the match was, however, not at all a bad performance Though his downfall was lamented by Australians, it helped to maintain the issue in this remarkable match, and the opinions heard everywhere were 'Really nothing in it "Just a toss up which wins ' "All a question of the swing of the pendulum Iredale was next man, with a deficiency on the first innings to make up so that he might keep his creditable average After Giffen had once deliberately patted Lockwood past point for 4 he stone walled so persistently that an onlooker and., George Giffen, how much longer are you going to play this game and the answer came instantly in a beautiful off hit to the chains Iredale commenced with a Unley behind the wicket, and would have been content with 2 for it, but Gillen, running like a tiger, insisted on taking 1 The bowling and especially) that of Peel, was splendid, and the fieldsmen backed up the attack thoroughly At about 1 o'clock there was a lull in the storm, and all the city is available dust seemed to have been blown out to the eastern suburbs It was only the prelude to a change, however, and presently the wind swung round to the south west, and the ground was again full of dust, electricity), and the sturdy expletives | the early Saxons It would have required the arm) who fought in 1 landers to do justice to the subject The dust was as bad as a failing light, and had the Australian wickets tumbled over then, instead of later in the day, when the sun was bright and the wind only goal yachting breeze, one could have understood it At one time it looked as though the scoring board would move bodily into the playing space, as one of the sight boards did out of it during the last match in Sydney, and additional lash sugar land to he used Shortly after the hundred went up it struck Bobby Peel that as the wind had changed he was bowling from the wrong end to get the full advantage of it, and after a consultation with Stoddart he changed over, and Briggs was put in for on over to let Richardson tact to the other end The change suited the break of both men admirably, and this of course did not help to brighten the play, which was deliberate in the extreme However, as the match stood then the crowd were prepared to excuse any thing short of the batsmen going out 11 was noticeable, though, that while the play was much slower than when Ward and Stoddart were In, no one openly discovered any resemblance between the batting of Giffen and Alick Bannerman The field for Richardson formed a perfect crescent, beginning at mid-off and ending at long leg the outline per feet, and at no other stage in this series of matches have I seen a field as peculiarly placed Covers were dispensed with altogether and the purpose was to save singles not a bad policy), seeing that it was purely a stonewall game Iredale's luck was out this match, for he played rather wildly at an off ball of Richardson's snicked it on to his feet, and thence to the wicket Three for 127-and the cries still to come This wicket represented a change of fortune for Richard son, who thence on bowled splendidly, and never again during the innings drew on his reserve e of good luck for assistance As soon as Gregor) carne In Giffen amote Richardson hard down the wind for 1, and the little batsman without an effort patted him post point to the rink Gillen was better pleased with S)d for a partner as be will run for mi) thing when his partner line the call, while Ircdalesonictlmcshesltatesstrangel) overseer dainties At lunch time they were familiar with the total ntlJO The crowd were satisfied While Gillen stayed there the game was AUB trolley, when he went came the time for serious reflection After lunch the South Australian was allowing over canonicals to turn, ' Baal gum more that one follow, the king of the Lower II iron would have described it, but a lady onlooker mvnnabl) remarked, "He thought, it was (borne, further perhaps ' Another lady gave a novel and purely feminine reason for the held changing about- The one son this side have the sun in their faces for a time, and then they go over so that the others can take their turn." As fieldsmen are not permitted by the rules to carry umbrellas, it was a very reasonable assumption quite as excusable indeed as the indignation of the fair-minded countryman in the outside ground who said, "What! are those two Australian boys playing the lot on 'here!" A new nuisance, began to develope them. The luncheon papers on the outside ground made a whirlpool in the lee of the scoring-board, and at intervals a page of newspaper would go ricochetting across the pitch. At first the umpires zealously collected them, but it got monotonous, and before long the iron fence near the main entrance gate was dotted with bits of the illustrated papers like the walls of a shepherd's hut. One broad sheet clapped weirdly in the top branches of an historic elm, and short-sighted veteran asked, "What's that white in the trees',' "The ghost of the man who planted it-come back to see Richardson bowl," was the strange reply-. It was noticeable that whenever they tried for a risky run the Englishmen invariably returned to Giffen's end. "He's a great cricketer without any question of doubt," said a critic in the lower reserve, and as he said it Giffen banged at one of Richardson's, and a gasp of unmistakable dismay was drawn from all Australia as the bails flew. The fact doesn't alter the pavilion critic's estimate of George Giffen in the least, and I fancy many elevens will come and go before an Australian batsman shows us a better record than his batting for this summer. He has preserved his average of over fifty intact, and that is a great deal. He and Richardson were in a position now to shake hands and cry "quits." In England Giffen met Richardson 12 times, and, if my memory serves me, bowled him 11 times. In Australia Giffen has met Richardson 11 times, and yesterday was the bowler's first success. Most of the faces one saw round about had a serious look now, though four for US was just about the position of affairs at the same stage of their first innings Darling commenced by glancing Richardson to leg for 3, but the first bowler was a man to be watched now the Surrey express was on a down grade, and stoking Any idea that Darling would give them the long bundle " as bitters term it, was soon dispelled He settled down to the stonewall tactics of the side, and once for iv ye order they got a short run for a tip to mid wicket without a single fieldsman going for it As a general thing they were tripping over each other in their ardour Stoddart had a sharp chance once to run Gregory out, but missed it through not picking up the ball at the first attempt 'Taking a lesson from the other side they had Brown and Briggs interchanging the positions of point and CLOse mid on. It was sneaking runs stealing runs-poaching runs anything you please, except getting runs by good, honest, wholesome hitting "Never mind," stud a sanguine man "we shall have the dashes in next ' "But they mightn't dash," was the natural objection, or they might dash in and flush out again,' as another put it for half an hour or so the batsmen sparred for the opening, and thin Gregory found it between point and third man, and placed a 1 there. An hour's batting had, however, yielded only 19 runs a poor crushing considering the stuff treated At that »tage-178-Gregory and Darling looked like repeating on more deliberate lines their Bland of the first innings, BO Briggs was brought on to town instead of Peel. The English captain had no anxiety about the other end, where Richard- son was bowling like a demon, and just us Gregory got the even SO parts of Ina winner went gi rating to short-leg. Gregory played forward just as Giffen had done, but the bull, although a regular " wind jammer" for peace, pitched a couple of inches outside the off stump and bowled the leg one. Consider the price and the spin necessary to turn a ball over these and you have some idea of the ball that got Gregory. It was only the fifth wicket down, but the ominous thing to, students of the game was that the Australians were being clean bowled, and not picked out. '1 has, more than any thing else, tore-told a speedy dissolution. Lyons was the first of the letters, and I don't suppose there was ever a greater long- ing be seen better juBtifjnig his title. There was a lunch as Richardson and Lyons shook hands before commencing-and a laugh with much more ring in it when the big batsman hit the big bow her past point for 4 and drove him straight down to the fence. It was wonderful how the interest picked up just then. "Jack means it," they said, and across the ground the crowd, who had been charged under the further elms like kangaroos under the trials on a hot Riverina day, came in a body down to the fence to get a close view of the fun. Another Jack, whose probable share in the proceedings had been completely overlooked, completely spoiled the prospect. Briggs, who was limping had it, having ticket! a week tendon while chasing a ball on Saturn day proved to be a very good cripple as cripples go, for be pitched a ball on Lyons's middle stump that just worked over cunningly and bowled out the oil peg. Lyons s rapidly made 15 only brought the aggregate to 'MO. It was a sod disappoint- ment to the crowd, who saw the game slipping Blow away from Australia. Graham came in swinging his bat gally-as though crisis were a word he had never heard of in connection with cricket, but all the same after four days' battling, the crisis had arrived. It was shown in the thoughtful faces of speechless Australians and the extra buoyancy of fieldsmen and bowlers, who took another reef in their sashes, and another roll in their alcoves. The first souvenir Graham got of the match was ii last ball on the thigh from Richardson, but he paid him back with a swinging four to leg. At the 4 o'clock break the total was 218, Darling 28 and Graham 10. 'the hope that Graham was in for a score had a brief life, for almost as soon as play continued he was out Lbw to Richardson. A rumble of disappointment was followed by a silence as profound as desolation. The dregs in the cup of bitterness were soon reached. Albert Trott, ignoring that careful survey ~ of his surroundings which careful batsmen make preparatory to being bowled, played one of Richardson's but missed the next, winch w libral through his wicket, and, to a batsman's eyes, quite spoiled its sy tumut.) Albert hung his head disconsolate!) as he came back, and all the glory of those unfinished Innings in Sydney and Adelaide was gone. find any man before the match dared to prophesy than Bruce, Iredale, Graham, and Albert Trott the proved successes, the special blend of step dances and dash-would be the batting nullity of the Australian team, his friends would have insisted on his immediate examination by two specialists in lunacy, Such Is cricket, with its triumphs, its sharp con- trast, its sudden surprises Darling all the while was keeping his end if doing little else, and when Jarvis cause it was generally agreed that Darling must hit or miss his opportunity; But Darling had ov pry confidence in his friend and business rival from Adelaide, and went on playing his mine confident that "Any would play with him. Once they got badly mixed up between wickets in trying for a risky run. 'They had crossed, and Jarvis was at one end, with Darling only a few yards away, from him, yet they returned to that wicket, and Phillipson, throwing hurriedly at the stumps, missed, and gave that in a couple of easy runs. At the other end the wicket was to be had for the asking, Jarvis seemed to play Richardson with more confidence than any other batsman on the side, with long forward reach smothering them before an) mischief had developed, from the way he tested the spring in the handle of his bat, a stranger might have supposed that Jarvis was about to knock the cover off the ball but that is merely his little way). It was quite an event when Darling again got on to Briggs, and hit him li Rich to square leg for four It brought about a change of bowling, Peel going on again Darling was loudly cheered for driving Richardson hard on the off and cutting him both fours in one over -and the tongue tied crowd began to recover their voices again. These two strokes made Darling CO and roused in him a desire to hit something. He picked a ball of Peels, junior d at it with an over the fence or nothing impetuosity), and, hitting over it, was clean bowled. The crowd were not Blow, however, to recognise the sterling performance with the bat, and cheered him enthusiastically as he came In The morn M'Kibbln lost no time in preliminaries, but brought 2.0 up by smoking Peel past the wicket and hooking one to him on just far enough to give Brockwell the option of trying for the catch at the risk of losing the four. He tried for it, but couldn't reach it. Jarvis was warmly cheered for a strike post the wicket to the fence, and (he Booro having rattled on quick I) to 207 McKibbin wits caught by Phillipson behind the wickets. In searching for the cause of Australia's comparative collapse, one need go no further thanltiahardson's bowling At times when the wicket was most Australian batsmen have left uncomfortable when the first ones How about, but yesterday Richardson was bowling at the stumps, not at the batsmen, and was getting no very great help from the wicket It was a splendid performance to get six wickets for 161 runs, and the match will hang in his gallery of pleasant recollections. The l.iiclialinicn filled admirably- with less eagerness perhaps than on the list din, but making very few mistakes, With, in round figures, 119 runs to make, it was still nil) I one's match, and people asked for an opinion as to the issue generally went through the pantomime of testing room Blackham was one of the few sanguine. " I would much rather lue vc them than have to make them " was his view of the case. AS Ward and Brockwell came out to start the innings everyone was on the river DUC His time had come for what the widow O'Brien called "pi reputation of the heart" Gtffeniind Trott started the bowling, and there was an exultant shout as Brockwell hit the first in dashing at) le to the fence, and a still louder year when he softly returned one of Giffen s to the bowler-a poor stroke-on inexcusable stroke after such a fourer. Stoddart came in as usual first wicket down, and he and Albert Ward with grim resolution settled down to stop there Once everyone's heart was so mentally in his mouth as Stoddart snicked one almost within reach of Giffen in the slips-one which a reckless young gymnast such as Albert Trott might have thrown himself at and held. Britcentmid onwasdaring to the verge of recklessness and once made an effort to pick a ball off Ward's bat Ham Trott, when in the same position, reminded one more than anything else of a pointer which has just found a quail-others of the field were like hawks watching for mice round a hay stack Both batsmen att) ed there and had got a careful 28 when stumps were drawn. What else can be said save that it is a far cry to 300 on a wicket where 1066 runs have already been made, and a team that can get 300 deserve all the honour and glory that will attach to the victory Ever) run is made under a sense of responsibility that doubles the difficulty of scoring, and though under circumstances such as these one always feels that there is a peculiar pleasure to the touring team in taking the laurels home, it is too great a strain on Australian patriotism to wish Stoddart and his team good luck to day Whatever happens it has been, is, and ever will be a great game. THE PLAY. . as BY " OLD BOY " Lockwood resumed the attack at 5 minutes past 12 yesterday from the pavilion end to Giffen, and a smart run one in the slips was the result of the over A fierce wind was blowing, and Lockwood having it behind him, the batsmen had their work cut out to play him moreover, the air was thick with dust, and the light far from good, Peel took up the bowling at the other end, and sent down a maiden to Giffen. Trott then back cut Lockwood to the fence, and having scored another single, faced Peel. The first ball of the over, however, proved fatal to the South Melbourne, who, playing for ward, was clean bowled. 2-42-75 Trott had batted perfectly. Iredale came next and finished the over Giffen was playing Lockwood hard to third man, where Brown fielded well, but eventually the Australian captain got the Surrey bowler to the fence by cutting him prettily. Peel bowled his fourth consecutive maiden, this time to Iredale Lockwood had Ward in the slips right on the chains to save the fours, but Gillen, by a beautiful wristy stroke to cover scored 4 off the fast bowler. Iredale got 3 behind the wickets off" Peel, and Giffen sneaked 1 to log, Iredale following with another single. Brown again fielding brilliantly prevented any score oil Lockwood's next over, but Giffen got Peel away past cover for a single, Ward saving the The englishmen were fielding well, and the bowling was equally good, for a space, however, the scoring quickened, Iredale getting Ptel away to leg for 2, and Giffen driving Lock- wood for 2 and attain for 4 Then Iredale playing Peel softly to leg for 1 brought 100 up A terrible duststorm at this stage swept over the ground, the wind having veered round to the south west, and the light became worse than ever Iredale, however, got a couple by cutting Lockwood for 2. Briggs fielded well at point, and then Giffen put one perilously near Ford in the slips off Peel, and 3 were run Richardson relieved Lockwood at 105, and Brown was applauded for his fine fielding The "Englishmen were all fielding well, and straining every nerve to secure a wicket 'the dust by this time had passed over, and Peel having sent down a maiden to Giffen, Iredale scored 1 oft Richardson Peel then had a consultation a 4th Stoddart, the result being that Briggs took the ball from Peel at the Richmond end. Peel had bowled time overs, five of which were maidens, for 14 runs and one wicket Knell batsman scored 3 off Briggs, and Peel and Richardson changed ends. Briggs having gone on to enable them to do so Giffen relished this change upon rently, for he cut Peel finely to the fence, and each man scored a single, forty eight runs had been made in an hour at that time, and both were batting well The score mounted his singles unuT Iredale got a couple off Peel 'The cross wind was disconcerting to the batsmen, but both showed great skill. Brockwell fielded a hard hit from Iredale at mid-off and then 2 leg by es were run. Ire- dale then, in chopping at an off ball from Richardson drew it on to his wicket. 3 Jb-127 With only six minutes to play 15 fore luncheon, Gregory came in and placed Richardson neatly to the off for 1, and Giffen, glancing the fast bowler prettily tor 1, brought his score to 00 Gregory cut Peel finely for 4 and were run off the next ball for a beautiful leg stroke. The rest of the over was uneventful, and the tennis adjourned for lunch Giffen, 50, Gregory's, total, no On play being resumed the bowling was entrusted to the same trusty pair Gregory faced Richardson and scored 2 and 1 in the slips off the first over Peel sent down another maiden and Richardson followed Hint The fight now was much better and the sun was shining brightly Lord let one past him in the slips, but the 1 Englishmen were making few mistakes in the held Peel then bent Giffen and 2 leg byes were run Gillen made a single, and Gregory bovine made a couple, Richardson clean bowled Giffen with a trimmer 4-51-148 Richard BOH had bowled four overs for 3 runs since lunch Darling began by snicking him to leg for 3 They ron one or two cleverly, and then Gregory put one over Ford s head in the slips for 2. Both batsmen contented them well VPS with Singles for a while and then Stoddart might have run Gregory out it he had picked the ball up well Richardson I beat Gregory with a fast one and the Sydney man got a couple off Peel Darling who had scored nine successive Singles, made 2 off Richardson and gave the Australians a lead of 200 Briggs relieved Peel at 178 and Gregory drove him for a single, Darling playing the rest of the over carefully) Gregory was beaten by Richardsons first bull and the next which was a beauty, clean bowled him 5-30-179 Richardson had been bowling with great pace and judgment since lunch, and had delivered his balls for 15 runs and two wickets Lyons followed, and at once got to work, cutting Richardson for 2 and driving him beautifully for 4 Darling, not to be outdone, cut Briggs finely for J Lyons played steadily for a ball or two and then drove Richardson splendidly for 1 Richardson was still bowling grandly, and the fielding was quite as good as on Friday, but Lyons got the first bowler to leg for a couple Darling got another 3 under his leg off Briggs, and Lyons scored a single Another single brought 200 up, and Briggs bowled Lyons with a ball which pitched between the leg and middle stump and took the off wicket 6-15-200 Lyons had only been in 12 minutes Graham lol lowed, and batted Peel neatly to leg for 4 and hit Richardson in the same direction for 2 Graham was not at all comfortable, but after lashing wildly at Richardson he banged him to leg for 4 Darling hit Briggs under his leg for 2 and M'Lnreu fielded brilliantly in the slips Darling got two more pairs, and Richardson having bowled another maiden the 4 o'clock adjournment took place, Darling being 28 (not out) Graham 16 (not out) Total, 218 Richardson a first over after the adjourn- ment proved fatal to Graham, the Surrey trundler getting him 1 b w Graham had been all at sea in his batting, and returned amidst dead silence, the crowd beginning to take rather a serious view of the position 7-10-219 A I- Trott only survived two balls, for Richardson clean bowled him before he could score Richardson had thus got two wickets in the over, and since luncheon had bowled unchanged and had taken four wickets for 39 runs 8-0-21!) Jarvis came in, and in Briggs' first over he should have been run out Darling played one hard to Brown at point, which was fielded Jarvis ran down, and Brown returning to Phillipson, the latter threw at the wrong wicket, where both men were standing The ball went for two over throws, and, midst a sigh of relief from the crowd, Jarvis escaped They sneaked one off Richardson, and Briggs bowled a maiden to Jarvis McLaren, who had been relieved in the held by Iredale, returned Jarvis was again nearly run out Stoddart added splendidly in Richard Bona next over, which was a maiden, and then Jarvis ran one short for Darling Richardson had five men in the slips now and was bowling splendidly, but Jarvis placed him neatly past cover for a couple, and drove Briggs straight for a single Darling getting opposite Briggs hit him finely to leg for 4 In Richardson's next over Jarv is got M to leg and the bowler fielded some good returns from Darling The running between the wickets was still fault), but both men kept going Pi el come back again instead of Griggs at Mr, and Darling got one through the field on the off for 2 making his total 10 A single to Darling off a hard hit brilliantly fielded by M Laren and then Darling drove Richardson grandly) for I cut him for an other 1 and drove him for a single The crowd had been very) Hint for a while, but this roused Hume on! the latent enthusiasm, and Darling was applauded heartily J bia proved to be his final effort, for in Peel's next over the Adelaide man was clean bowled 9-50-248 The departing bats man had played splendid cricket, and had kept an end going at a critical time M Sibbin the last man, begun at once, and brought 200 up by a snick in the slips off Peel The next ball he hit high to fig, where Brockwell fielding deep might have secured d n eaten, but misjudging it I were added Jarvis gave Pe 11 a chance at cover in Richard son's next over, the fieldsman falling in trying to hold the ball, out M'Kibbin got 3 to leg off Peel Phillipson failed to take the hall from the field in the Lexton r, orM'fvib bin might have been run out the Bathurst bow is r was playing with plenty of coal dance, but Richardson nearly got him caught and how led , however next hall was hit to leg for 3, bringing 200 up M Cubbin got need for in the slips off Peel, and Jarvis back cut him beautifully for 1 Richardson then beat M Cubbin, and the batsman lashing wildly at a fast off hall was caught behind the wickets for 18 Jarvis not our H "A Ward and Brock well came out at 25 minutes to b to begin the Englishmen s task of making 217 II Trott opened from the tormented to 'Brockwell, who drove him finely to the Indies reserve lot 4 and again for a single Giffen took the other end, and off his first ball he caught and bowled Brock well amidst rest eliciting 1-5-5 Stoddart followed, and made a forward cut for 3 off Giffen the English captain chopped one from I rose up just clear of Giffen in the slips, and 2 were run Ward opened his account with a single to leg and 2 byes were run in Trotts next over, he urti scoring one for a nice drive Ward got two more in the slips off Gills n, and Stoddart placed Trott carefully to leg for 4 Both batsmen were playing with great caution, and the bowling and fielding were splendid Ward got a couple of singles and Stoddart snicked Giffen for 2 and 1 in the slips Stoddart placed H 1 road made for a style, and cut George Giffen tor 1 Bruce at mid on close up ran right in under Ward's bat in the hopes of a catch, but did not attain his object, and a minute later stumps were drawn Stoddart not out Ward 52 not out, total 28 The 1 Englishmen have now nine wickets to fall and 239 runs to get to win 'tHE SCORE S. AUSTRALIA First Innings ., . 414 8IC0\n INNINGS. VV Pictures c and b eel 11 0 II s iron b led . 42 1 Iredale b Richardson ... IS 0 Olden b Iticllnnlboii .. 11 fe Gregory b Richardson 0 J Darling, is Peel .. full Leona li Prices 13 li Graham II e, l Richardson 10 At Trott b Richardson 6 A II sorely not out 14 I VI level In of 1 Mallinson b Richardson 13 Ministries 1., Total 0? Richardson 4 not fee! 2 II but lockwood . Hill 4 tries (16 1 Lockwood bowled a no halls I AGLAND First Innings BKCONn SAMSON V tlny-kncll came! h Gillen A Ward not out A E Stoddart not out Sundries One wicket for .. How came Giffen one for 14 Scott none for 14 