SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER VI. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of "Murdered at Mid day.” "For True Love's Sake,” than Death," "An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Catneron?" "sword and lance," "Police Minister," &c.; Meanwhile the bridal procession issued forth from the House in the Wood, and three minutes later was ascending Packer Street, the gentlemen almost as gay in their.'gold laced coats, colored silk and sparkling spangle-embroidered vests, smart cocktd hats powdered tie wigs, and .with enormous bouquetos in their button, holes, as were the ladies in their rainbow hued dresnes, immense fardingales, tower tng peignoirs, and abundance of flowers and feathers. There were twenty couples- altogether, «nd they walked arm-in-arm, the gentle men with their toes very much turned out, their dress rapiers glittering at their left hips, , the sheen of their out steel hilts equalled by that of the wearer's great silver efcoo buckles, and eclipsed by the sparkle of the diamond buckled garters that wedded their silk hose to their velvet small clothes. _At the head of the procession three fiddlers scraped away with more zeal than strict regard to time, “ Haste to the Wedding, and so light .wore the spirits of even old folks of those .days, that now and then one of. the couples would break into a sort of tripping dance,, and the example would become- highly infectious. Meanwhile, all the wa'y up Packer, Street, the inhabitants loanecU-oveistbeir half doors, or peered out of tffeSlittle pokey diamond-paned winnows/ Flying Horse and the GqScn 1^I; fens sent out quite crowds faffi car)y;' cUa? tomera, to wave measures on high, and dft&k; KeMfcU aJfeC happiness- to the bride and\bridegroo tn, ; The solitary draper’s shopfih the exhibited little else , but we omngtfavmrs, and they drooped from the onfe , e-4ength of the female barber’s trio-colored pole next door, while shouting urchins had manufactured mock ones out of paper,and . strutted about with them stuck in their caps, if they possessed any, or else in their shock heads of hair. At length the famous flight of a hundred and twenty two steps was reached, “ the heartache.” as they were often called, and there was no dancing and skipping up them. At last they were surmounted, how ever, and the path reached that branched away on the right towards the church, and which, for a brief space, was roofed over in a very quaint and picturesque manner. At this point the pretty bevy of little white robed bare-necked and bare-he »ded girls began to strew thd bride's path with flowers from out their and .a mighty cheer, arose from thosb who had assembled in the churchyard and scrambled on to the low roofs of even the hearse and the charnel houses, thus creat ing, as it were, a link between marriage and death, But such was the general hilarity and good humor that the very. watchman, acting on his own responsibility, set free a rascal who had been put in the stocks, which stood just on the outside of the churchyard wall, for bf-ing found sleeping in an empty house in Church lauc; he, the watchman, thinking, no doubt, that all Rochdale should rejoice on nuch an occasion, and thot oven such an outcast should not be begrudged a p»-op at so lovely a bride and so gay a procession. The individual who had been thus re leased from “durance vile,” was a young and good looking fellow, but with ah evil, vicious, and dissipated expression of countenance. His dress was that of a gentleman, but neither bin face nor bands corresp mcled with his attire, which, good though it had once been, Vas now tarnished as to its lace, and wine or boor-stained as to its material. Ho looked as though he bad not fully recovered from a very recent illness, for he was pole almost to ghastliness, and there was a strange wild light in his sunken eyes. This apparent stranger in the place now seemed even more anxious to get a sight of the wedding cortege than wore the Rochdalian themselves, for the instant that he was set free he vaulted over the churchyard wall, and pushed his way through the crowd by dint of vigorous elbowing and without the slightest regard to either - ribs or toes, though their stout leather stays (for the manufacture of which Rochdale was then famous, and which were never sold at less than a guinea a pair) made the sides of the women almost invulnerable against the former mode of attack. However, the stranger foreed bis way . almost to the edge of the pathway which the , bridal party were, advancing along -/ towards the church, and there slipping \ behind a huge sepulchral monument, hav* : iug a stone urn upon its top (for in those days and. up to much more recent ones it was the fashion to borrow our symbols of death from heathendom instead of from Christ) be waited in evidently a state of suppressed and positively painful excite ment for the marriage proct-ssim to pass him close by, as,it was bound (o do. First cathe the little white robed flower girls, walking backwards and strewing the path with primroses, blue bells, violets .and daffodils as (buy receded; then the three fiddlers, scraping away like mad, .and next Rose Itadcliffe, loaning on her burly father’s arm, who, with a face as red as a boib-d lobster, was. every] minute drawing his huge turnip- watch! out of his fob, and studying its-wbitc dial* to see if there yet remained any ‘|jb»n6o ,oV bis getting to Marland wood in .time for the fox hounds meet. ‘‘D——, hell oat, ’tie 'she incited !” suddenly oxolaifnnd a voice from behind ttie big monument, in ill-suppressed accents of bate; or at all events they sounded like such, and his words were heard' by and attracted tho attention of . many. , ’ \ But neither the bride, nor her father, nor e'ven the bridegroom, who with his best man walked immediately behind, were of the number, and ,i he bridal party reached and entered the sacred fane pf Sfc. Chad without what would have been 1 a decided unpleasantness, if nothing more or worse,: marking its course. No sooner, however, bad the last gay couple disappeared inside the church porob, than a'young countryman, whose nba the stranger had rather freely elbowed and whose sweetheart’s toes “he had furthermore trampled on, and who had consequently followed him across the churchyard in order to give him a good threshing as soon as all had been seen that there was to be seen, suddenly perceiving R . H&uoh; more effectual Way of avenging himself than by thb contemplated drubs blng (such way having been suggested by the stranger’s most uricomplomeotary reference to the lovely bride, of which he caught every word), called out in his broad Lancashire dialect, which wo won’t attempt to render on account of having resided too long in distant southern counties to do so perhaps correctly— “ Heres nn old sweetheart* by gum, and as jealous as a boggart too; called the bride a hell cat; he did. There’s nice manners for you. Say, mates* ain’t it j Rochdale rales to give an old lover os .comes uninvited to the marrying of his gal to another man, a good sousing under Packer spout V “0 course it be,” came a general snout in reply, for the crowd desired nothing better than some such lark wherewith to pass the time pleasantly while the wedding party was in church. So there immediately rose other cries of “ Pack sheets! pack sheets!” while a laughing, hooting, and revelling mob quickly surrounded the supposed stranger, who now began to wish very heartily that he had never been sol free from the stocks. Wo say supposed stronger* for in point of fact, he was nothing of the kind. Ho knew half the people there, and they would have known him too had he been the same bright-eyed, rosy-cheeked young fellow, who had left Rochdale so suddenly and mysteriously three years ago, nstead of the mere ghost of his former self.' He made no appeals to ■ former friend ships, however, as a means of getting out of the very queer and unpleasant fix in which his conduct and speech had placed him, for it was verily and indeed a Roch dale custom which the countryman had. referred to. A shilling fine generally procured an evasion of the ordeal, but then a man who resorted to an empty house to sleep in wasn’t at all likely to be possessed of a shilling. I No one, therefore, even proposed the alternative to him, and as to his feeble ■struggles to escape his doom, and the joatbs and curses which he freely indulged •in, they served his turn nob at all, and, i findeed, only procured him a prolongation of his punishment. He was seized upon, overpowered, tied up in a pack «h"et, carried down the j church steps, and held under famed Packer spout until ho was half blinded, by the swiftly running water, roars of laughter greeting his discomfiture the! while. At length, panting and breathless, his face was withdrawn from under the spout, swatbings were undone, and ho was placed upon his feet. Only, however, to bo chased down the Gauk, into Ohurch larfe, with shouts and groans, and every available missile that lay handy and was loss hard than a stone or a brickbat. Where ho took refuge at last none , knew, bub many thought that it was in the hut of the old Witch of Packer meadow. After he had gone, but not before, the gossips, both male and female began to wonder who ho could bo. “Tis th’ young spark after Miss Rose so much a year and a half ago,” muttered one beldaure. “ Aye, I’ve seen ’em -together * in Lover’s walk and Birarod wood scores of : times,” croooed a second'. “ And J, both under theJ. fairy hawthorn-tree, and vows . always,-: end in nothing that are spoken there,” This with a solemn headshako from a fourth. But tho fifth said, with a sort of gleeful chuckle' “ Why, this young chap’s shorter by a head than he, and a deal more like tho groom that rutmed‘away with Miss Ruth —aye,ho did run away with her,whatever folks may say to thv contrary, and her own father and mother among ’em. Oh, they tried to keep it precious dark, I kriow all about that, but marriage will put as well as murder, and may I never have a new scarlet dealt come next Rush bearing if id bainfc he.” “ Good-Jorjus'.days, Gammer Brough-, ton. I can’t gawm that nohow, for if 'twere he what should he bo a sceawlin an’ swearing at Miss Rose’s wedding far ? One sister ’ud be enough for any one man I should say.” “ But this unbeant a bit like Halcamus Greenwood. Why, he was as red as a rose, and this obap is a deal more like a turnip,” said an old man who had known Halcamas well. Bat before anyone else could express an opinion as to the strangers’ identity, the bells of St. Chad’s commenced to ring out afresh, thus announcing that the wedding was over, and so everyone began to hurry up the church steps again, hoping to be in time to see the Grammar School boys form in double line adown the pathway, and sing in their monotonous kind of ohaunt, “ Please to remember the Latin lads,” as the re turning marriage cortege passed down between them. CHAPTER VII Rose Radoliffe, now Lady Howarth, returned to the lone House in' the Wood leaning upon her husband’s arm instead of her father’s but more than once during the journey, brief though it was, she ex hibited-such unaccountable agitation that Sir Harry Howarth gazed at her inquir ingly, and at last was even prompted to whisper in her ear, and in a tone not al together devoid of either suspicion or jealousy and perhaps even containing a spice of both- ‘ “ {trust, my darling, that you feel no regret dt the step which you have just taken 1 ■ I will never give you any just cause for regret, at any rate.” ‘Rose replied just as a bride might have been expected to reply to such a speech, and the baronet was, for the time, even more than contented. Buff the lovely girl had; in point of fact, beard a fragment of gossip while coming through the churchyard that, strange to say, had caused her a most painful uneasiness, and, now, glancing at her husband's face, while the bright Apr)) sun was streaming fall upon it, she was fairly astonished at tho excessive blueness of bis closely shaven jaws and chin. This helped to terrify her also,.for she remembered , the. words which, Ruth bad spoken concerning Sir Harry Howarth the preceding night, and in addition to. its , being a period 4 when educated and /uneducated were alike steeped to tho very lips in superstition, I the grim story qf “ Blue Beard.” had just! come in favor, not os a nursery tale, hot for adult reading and entertainment,i There were thousands of young ladies in those days, and old opes too, for that matter, who believed,that everything that appeared in print must be true, or , qt all events founded bn truth, snd this, noV withstanding that Samuel Richardson had already'given hia “Pamela” and “Olariaea” to the world ; and Fielding his r “Tom Jones” and “ Joseph Andrewß;*^'"*^^. Rose,/therefore, plena a playful' Way, and partly da 'excuse, per haps, for her strange manner— j >' “ I hope, Sir Harry,'tha[k if you ‘ per mitted your beard to groVit&Ayould;— not; be a blue one?” / 0. j -Vpj> She expected a laughing reply, and" such a one would have reassured her, but on the contrary, the baronet answered in ir* ritable tones— “ Stuff and Nonsense ! What could have piit so silly an idea into yoUr head?” Rose was piqued now into saying some thing equally uncourtetfus by way of re* tort. It took the form of;— “ Well, the idea came into my head be causoybur chin is really so very blue; and as you were a widower, it for the first struck mo that your beard, if : you had one, would beof the samecolor,and that then it might be a bad outlook for your second wife,\as it had most probably been for your first." “ For heaven’s sake don’t take such a notion into your head, or ever refer to the subject again,” exclaimed the baronet,’ in an excited half whisper; aud then he added, “ Let the dead past bury its dead, and let us think only of a bright and happy future. ‘Bluebeard’ is only an idle tale, and all black beards give a blue ohiu after muoh shaving.” Somehow neither his answer nor his manner was reassuring, and there was a frightened look about his face, the face - of a proved gallant soldier, that i his newly made, bride could not all ac count for, I She made him no answer ; she, indeed, found it impossible to do so, and in most uncomfortable silence the remainder of the homeward journey was performed, A really superb wedding breakfast was found spread in the dark oak-panelled dining-room, to which the entire party soon sat down and proceeded to do ample justice, notwithstanding that the apart ment was a sombre and dismal one, and the little wood which gave its name to the bouse grew up almost against the diamond I paned Tudor shaped window. Mr. Badcliffe, having come at last to the melancholy conclusion that in any case., he would be too late to join the bo.nnds in Marland wood, made op his mind to make the best of a bad bargain, and see if much eating and drinking would not compensate in some measure for the want of some hard riding. Ho was more amiable that it was bis wont to be, while the bridegroom appeared entirely recovered his composure and wonted spirits. Indeed the saddest face present was that of the bride, and this was all the more apparent because she made such desperate and continuous efforts to ap» pear that which she very evidently was not, happy and at hnr ease. Her every action betokened the ex treme of nervousness, which seemed sometimes to merge into • positive terror. “ She’s thinking of the boggart that she’ll soon have to live under the same roof with, poor thing,” whispered one bridesmaid to another. r “ If the boggart gave mo any trouble, I'd set the old hall on fire and burn it right down, so that my husband should be obliged to provide me with another dwelling," was the response. There was a great deal of this low whispered conversation carried on, and all hilarity soon became conspicuous owing Cos Its entire absence, Wh'nn ’suddenly’* the best man rose to propose the health of the bride and bridegroom, and after _a brief speech there was a groat filling of glosses and raising them to lips, but all in an instant the bride exclaimed, “Great, he lives ! He is them !" and with a piercing scream lot fall her glass of wine upon the table, and then dropped to the floor in a swoon. Of course every eye bad followed the direction of her horrified glare rather than startled glance, and a few of them were quick enough to catch a momentary glimpse of a while, ovil-looking face pressed right up against the window and gazing keenly and scrutinisingly into the room. But in a moment almost it was gone, oind naught could be seeb but the wood j just bursting into spring leaf, or heard I but the linnets’ and goldfinches’ song 'as they hopped from spray to spray there ■in. j For a brief while every tiling was even I more still within than in the grove without for the bride lay upon the carpet beside her overturned chair, as though she were dead, and the brides \ maids and the almost distracted mother sedulously waited on her speaking to each other the while with bated breath. This state of things, however, only lasted [as long as it has. taken us to deserbe them, for then choleric John Rad cliffe, who hadn’t been able to give tongue before because of his rage and indignation (he being of an apopletio turn) had almost chocked him, exclaimed. (*.*. That scoundrel Halcaraua or his ghost!" and kicking his chair backwards ho drew his sword aud rushed out of the room aod house, speedily followed by the bride groom and half a dozen more of the gentleman guests, “ Mr. Radoliffe seemed to bo very muoh annoyed by the reinforcements, and spluttered out something of which the only words distinguishable were, “ Oh, go co the devil 1" Thereupon Sir Harry Howarth rejoined that it was a.husband's business every.bit’ as much as a father’s and he’d bo banged (something or other) if he .could make out Rose’s conduct at ajj.” This extracted another unintelligible splutter from Radoliffe, who began to run around tree trunks and to probe the undergrowth with bis drawn sword in a perfectly frantic manner, swearing, the while, as choleric gentleman of. the period wore prone to dp, though the wicked and disgusting habit hap long since gone out of fashion. . ’ Sir Harry Howarth, wiio was a stern proud man, was every whit as much nettled at what had happened as Mr. Radoliffe, for he bated scandal in every form, and in his mind's eye ho beheld 4' luxuriant crop of it growing out of what had just pcourred. Ho therefore joined in tho bunt for the Raul Pry who had peered in through .the window with as much ardour as oven Mr. Badoliffa, and as tho wood and the orchard as well were of diminutive size, the half dozen searchers had soon explored them thoroughly and got into tho little dell from whence rose the steep bare hill that was topped by the parish church and the high gabled, ; thatched roof, quaint chimney stacked vicarage,- begrit by its high mossy walls. Built seemingly against the very base of the bill were a couple of humble icot tages, and Mr. Radoliffe at once took it into his bead that tho individual whom they were in search of bad been afforded’ shelter in one of them. Fora gentleman to knock at a poor man’s, or ovon o tradesman's door, when be wanted to bis house, would have been laughed at as a most superfluous ‘ j act of politeness at the period 1 with I which we are dealing, so Mr. Radcliffe just turned round to explain to his com panions. “It's that Methody grocer fhilpw Heape’s place,” and then he kicked theAdoor open and strode -into the cbttage, where they discovered a white- Haired venerable looking man seated at CtW table with a large Bible lying open "before him, which he was so attentively perusing that it seemed as though ho had never heard the party enter. “ It’s that turbulent heretic and trucu lent schismatic and distdrber of the king’s peace, John Wesley. They gave him and his canting-host a good sup of rotten.eggs and dead cats at Milorow the otlmr night, and by (here came in a tremendous oath) if I’d not .other fish to 1 try I’d feel a keen delight in reading him a sterner lesson still.” Mr. Radcliffe muttered this into tbe ear of his newly created son»in-law, who, being no bigot, warmly rejoined. “ Nonsense mao, a pious Nonconfor mist is at all events more worthy of honor than a sporting parson who refuses to turn aside to baptise a dying child lest be should miss falling in with the hounds, If dissent ever makes headway against the ohurcb it will be the church’s own fault.” ' Having thus “ shut John Radcliffe up,” as that individual himself would have expressed- it, and with an ease and promptitude which anyone but his superior in social rank would have found impossible, Sir Harry Howarth turned to the solitary occupant of the cottage, who, having come to the and of tho sacred chapter, for tbe first time looked up, and said courteously. 11 Pardon our abrupt intrusion upon your privacy, reverend sir, but we were in pursuit of a-a-a trespasser—or worse —and fancied that he had taken refage here, else we had not entered so hur riedly.” “ There is no one here but myself, and my host’s old servant JL'abita Higgins,” answered John Wesley rising to his feet, and bowing in a quite dignified manner. Then .he added with a smile, “surely gentlemen, you must be in pursuit of a very desperate character that so many swords are drawn to take him.” Something there was in the calm yet contemptuous tone which caused every weapon except Mr. Radoliffe’s to be immediately sheathed, but . that burly individual retorted with an oath, “ Dem’ee, sir,thesword is the gentleman’s weapon, and what should a knave like thee know about it ?” But before be could add more bis com panions had led him by force out of the cottage, and closed the door thereof in the rear, Sir Harry Howarth saying directly they w<*ro all outside, “ I am quite content with Mr, Wesley’s assur ance that our man isn’t there, so whither next ?” But Mr. Radcliffe was annoyed at this courtesy towards, and thus relying on the word of a “ Methody ” (he considered bim« self to be a very pillar of tho Established Church, though bo scarcely over attended its services from year’s end to year’s end) that he wouldn’t have the other cottages visited at all, but strode back to tbe house, snorting and sniffing os he went, as it was his invariable custom to do when more than usually put out or excited. CHAPTER VIII Tho bride was found to be sufficiently recovered to sib up on the gentlemen’s Teturrr to the-dtntng-room, but she, was still very pale and agiiated, and her father’s imperious demand that she should then and there declare what had frightened her, did not at all tend to restore her equanimity. She declared that she “thought it was a ghost which had looked in at the window, and too when the face was so deathly white.” Bat to this plausible enough explana tion Mr. Radcliffe rejoined, “ Stuff and nonsence, wench. You thought no such thing, for your words were, ‘ Great God he lives 1 Re is there !’ and how uoald a ghost live 1 ? The thing is ridiculous on tho fact of it. You are trying to throw duet in our eyes.” “ When people are frightened out of their senses they don’t know what they say, father,”'retorted the bride, while an expression came into her eyes that as suredly was not all fear. “ I won’t be called to account in this manner, ill as I feel, Sir Harry ; I am your wife as well as bis child, and so I look to you for pr o tectibn,” she added appealingly. “My dear sir, your conduct is really too violent on an occasion like the pre sent, with a timid and distressed girl for an opponent. Lady Howarth is within her rights in appealing to a husband in snch an instance - even against a father —and—l—l really must insist, Mr. Radcliffe, on the subject bqing changed.” “ Eh, what’s this? Mustn’t I question my own offspring 1 A pretty kettle of fish I do declare,” exclaimed the choleric parent! “ Barbara, you are a mother, and may still, I suppose, exercise a mother’s rights. So take the pert hussy into another room, and see that you get out of her what I, insist on knowing. Odds bodkins, I hardly know whether I’m on my head or on my heels, matters are getting jio topsyturvy-—blest if they aren’t.” , “ I think,” suggested Harry,in reply to an appealing look from bis bride, “that the time has come round for our depar ture, and I sincerely hope that no un pleasantness may be connected with the last fow minutes Lady Howarth will spend In the liome of her parents and of her childhood. I am quite satisfied with the explanation which sh-e has just given us, wherefore I think everyone else should be.’ 1 “ Rose,” he added, turning to hia wife with a smile, “ I’m not going to take you toyouir new homo on a pillion, but in a carriage, which I have bad sent up from London for the express purpose,: and of course for your future use as well. Bub as such a vehicle has never yet been seen in these parts you mast nob maul being stared at os we pass up Yorkshire Street.” . Ho had intended this carriage to have boofi an agreeable surprise, for though such vehicles had been introduced into England/in company with pocket rfaloho*, as early as tho reign of Eliz> both, and had grown quite common in London in that of James tho First, they wore almost unknown luxuries in Lancashire up to 1770, owing greatly, no doubt, to the road* being too narrow and 100 rough for their use, and this whs asauredliy tbe first that had ever entered Rochdale. Sir Harry, had let tho oat out of tile bag thus prematurely in order to ’divert attention into another channel, and, as \n carriage wds nbcossarily connected with hbrses, it bad that effect apon Mr. Raa ollffe, in whose u affections both horses and dogs took' rank before .either wife 6r 'children. , ? >* I “Hey,, what’s'this, a coach such as tno King rides in, and for my daughter’s ufo too. Bless my heart arid soul; you don?b say so.! Allow me the pleasure of taking wine withyoa; Sir Harry. Rose, ycju young rogue, go and got your travelling on at once. Don’t have the ill brooding to keep a coach waiting, for I believe the Lord Mayor of London rides in one as well. Odds bodkins, this is a surprise. A fresh war with Franco •would be nothing to it. A daughter of John Radcliffe, of the Wood, to ride in a coach 1 Well I never ! Let us hurry out, and have a good look at it before , tho horses are put to.” I Rose oast upon her husband a grateful look, aud a proud one as well, and then instantly quitted tho room with her mother, her bridesmaids following closely. Yet, despite the presence of tho four beautiful girls, Mrs. Radcliffe found an opportunity of whispering in her daughter's ear, while slipping on her cloak. “ Whose face really was it that you saw peering in at the window, my dear child ¥ “ Poor Ruth’s wretched and abandoned husband, mother. Of course [ was reticent before all those people. Wasn’t I quite right in avoiding creating a public scandal,which papa in his unthinking pas sion almost forced upon me?” "You acted very properly my dear. But what made you so astonished at be holding Halcamus Greenwood alive, whoa we have nover beard even of his being ill. Can it ho possible that you have re* ceivod a second letter from dear never told me ?” “No, mamma, I have not had so much as a line form poor Ruth of late, on my honor.” “Then wherefore tho surprise and how occasioned ?” “I don’t know. How can I tell? Does anyone know what they say or do when frightened out of their very senses ? I declare mother you are as bad as father.” “Rose, how is it that you keep on applying Ruth’s epithets to us, whioh even in her. case I had so strong an objection to that I was continually censuring her for making use of them ? Up to last night you never spoke of or addressed either of us except as papa and mamma. You can’t think bow it stabs me to the very heart.” “ Oh, don’t go finding fault with a mere slip of the tongue and nothing more, and good-bye as soon os you like if you are bent on lecturing. You shall find me better behaved when I’ve once been in stated as mistress at Clegg Hall, so fare well you foolish fond old thing, and be sure and come over and see me as soon as ever you can ; when, if he’ll allow me, I’ll introduce you to that distinguished per sonage, the family boggart.” So saying, Rose, who had commenced speaking in cross aud irritable tones, but softened down as she proceeded; kissed and hugged her mother, m an im pulsive and half hysterical sorb of way, and ended up by an attempt at laughter which was a most lamentable failure. As though aware of this, and dreading further questioning in consequence, she hastily called her bridesmaids oiound her, and managed «o as not again to be left alone with her mother for a single instant until the moment of their final parting arrived. This was somewhat hurried by the, to her, moat welcome announcement con veyed in the impatient tone of her father, that “ the coach was at tho door, and coaches mustn’t bo kept waiting,” where upon there ensued volleys of kissing and hoggings, and u minute later the bride found herself seated inside a roomy and much begilded vehicle, in sbapp very .like, a large meat pie, where, according to customs, a posset jug was brought to her to take a good drink out of,the concoction being compounded of now milk,fine bread, currants, spice and rum. As she felt in absolute need of such a cordial, she indulged in a deep draught thereof, after which her husband sprang in beside her, and the usual shower of shoes followed them byway of benison, as the cumbrous vehicle, drawn by a pair of powerful horses, turned round with tho grace of a Noah’s ark, and slowly rolled out of the grounds. Three minutes later they were on the btidgo, and they’d just rumbled across it and gained tho Butts when Rose was surpiised at Hany’s thrusting his head out of tho window uud calling to the driver to stop. Directly the carriage had been brought to a standstill her husband beckoned up three individuals, two of whom carried four barbed drags, and the third a not, all reeking with moisture, as indeed wore the men. “ You’ve just returned from dragging the river I see,” said the baronet. “Have yon discovered ought of the missing lady lady who it is feared was drowned last night ?” “No sir,” responded one of tho men. “ We’vo more chance of doing so later on, for we’vo sunk a strong net all across the stream” atTyrono’s'Bed,and,depend most on that: We’ve been fishing with these things more for the sake of doing some thing than in tho expectation that much would come of it, which you see there hasn’t.” “We will hope that tho hat was only blown offsomebody’ahead into the stream,’’ replied the baronet. “Aye, but you soe, Sir Harry, the young lady nover corned back to the inn, oven though she’d hired a bed there, and her nag is still there, and tho landlady swears that tho hat aud veil was hors, so that it’s almost hoping agin hope to do as you'say. I’m much afeard, and* eo are wo oil that wo shall find her corpse in the neb under Tyrone’s Bed when Aye visit it on the morrow, for I don’t for a moment suspect that she had boon washed any lower down the stream before wo sot it. A corpse travels slow in the. swiftest current, or at least that’s beep my ex perience of ’em.” , , " Well, I won’t detain you, my good fellows. I shall be in town again to morrow, and then shall doubtless learn something more definite, will God grunt that it may not be so bud as .we fear. Meanwhile, here’s a guinea, so that you may wet yourselves within whileyou dry yourselves without,” and tossing them tho coin the baronet bade hia coachman drive on, pulled up tho window and reseated himself beside hia bride. Glancing round at her ho perceived that she was as pallid os a corpse ugain, aud panting us though for breath. “ Why, Rose,” ho said, in half wonder ing tones, “ what slight things affect you of late. I always thought that you wore a brave and strong minded girl until this morning. Come, this ia childish. To be sorry for tho poor lady ’if she really is drowned is ono thing, but to look as though you were going to swoon and die because of tho ocourronoe is quite another. Try and think of sdmething else.” . CHAPTER IX. The bride tried hard to do us she was bidden; and being, a girl of strong de termination and immense self-restraint, not wholly without success. 'Sliib smiled and talked, and “ wreathed Keif misery in smiles,” and Sir Harry was thankful even for fchiv, for there was ■ : i •"! ■ t a groat deal of glass window in and about his now carriage, and ho had no ambition that the crowds who were already rush ing from all directions to got a gliihpseof the (to them) extraordinary phenome non, should also catch sight of a crying and apparently inconsolable bride seated within it, for what conclusions might they not draw therefrom of a most unflattering nature to himself ? This was all the more probable because his relations with his first wife had been the subject of a great deal of uncharit able comment and hostile criticisms, which chiefly had reference to her mysteriously sudden death, of which several different versions bad got about to the quiet manner of her funeral, and the fact that instead of being buried in consecrated ground she had been interred just under Owl Hill on the Clegg Hall estate, and so heavy and ugly a monu ment built above her grave that it looked ns though ’twore intended ns a prison house, out of which even her ghost would have no chance to escape to upraid or torment the living. To his friends the baronet gave a satis factory reason for all, or at all events most of this, namely, that his unhappy wife had suffered from frequent aberra tions of reason, and during one of such attacks had committed self destruction, and it being the rale that all suicides should be buried at dead of night at cross roads and with a stake driven through their body, he bad not dared seek Christian interment for the deceased, lest the other should bo meted out to her instead, and therefore he had her buried as quickly, quietly, unostentatiously as possible in his own grounds, where it would be a trespass, and consequently a breach of the law for anyone to disturb or violate her last resting place. As a clergyman and u surgeon had confirmed this tale, and both had never ceased to be friendly with the owner of the Hall, and as, however, ho had won the character of being a most humane person, and on one occasion risked his own life (he being no swimmer) to save that of a child who had fallen into the Roach, nearly everyone was at last dis posed to absolve him from all blame on his dead wife’s account, and Mr. and Mrs. Radeliffe must certainly have done so or they would not have allowed their beloved child to become her successor. As for the common folk, they mostly laid the blame of the doleful occurrence on the Clegg Hall boggart, and hoped, with many a shako of the head, that he might not prove so malignant to the second wife ns he had been to the first one, or even, as he was becoming, some added, to poor Miss Lucy, who had far too old a head for her young shoulders, who never made the least noise as she moved about, smiled except at night time or left a shadow even upon the sunniest wall ns she glided along, while in face she resembled a lovely corpse instead of a fresh, healthy young girl of eighteen. So cronies gossipped concerning Sir Harry's only child, who was just a couple of years his new bride’s junior, and a pale dreamy looking girl, with large, sad violetnhued eyes, who seldom spoke above a whisper, and smiled more rarely still. Such appearances and habits were natural, perhaps, to one who had been roared from her childhood amid such grand yet gloomy surroundings, and with books and ancient domestics (whose parents and grandparents before them had served and lived in the sumo family) for her sole companions—during the fre quent and lengthy periods that her father was away “ at the wars.” But even when be was at home he gave himself almost wholly up to the society of the rough country squires, and ardent fox hunters, from all association with whom she was rigorously excluded, for bachelor parties wore at the period to which wo are referring more drunken saturnalias, in which boasting, swearing, and obscenity ran riot, and it was the highe-t ambition of a host to drink all his guests under the table, while ho yet kept his own seat. Bo it remembered that wo are here speaking not of profligates and repro bates, but of honorable, upright men, and steady church who yob retained the esteem and often the affection of all who know them. Sir Harry had often spoken to Rose of his daughter Lucy, and prognosticated what friends and companions they would bo, and now, as they were driving along, ho said to his bride, I've no doubt that Lucy is already countiag the moments, and standing at one of the windows of. the Hall with her eyes fixed on the distant road, in eager expectancy.” / “ Lucy ?” exclaimed Rose with a start,' “Lucy?” she repeated, glancing round at her husband inquiringly. , I.' “Yes, ray daughter Lucy, to be aflre; Why, what other Lucy could you have thought I meant?” “ Oh, yes, of course, I shall bo so glad to know her But why wasn’t she one of my bridesmaids !” “ Why gracious heaven, my dear, what can you have done with your memory, and your wits ? I’ve told you a dozen times at the very least that I couldn’t overcome Lucy’s most natural but unfortunate bashfulness and timidity sufficiently to induce her to bo one of your bridesmaids. I really can’t tell what to make of you, you are so strange in many things to-day.” “ It is a strange day to me, you see, and truth to tell I was thinking of the boggart more than of Lucy.” “ Oh, was that the time of day ?’ laughed the baronet, with all his sus picions laid nb rest by this apparently naive confession. “Well, my dear, I do assure you that you’ll think less of the boggart with each week that passes over your head at Ologg Hall, for I’ve never seen him, and Lucy has never seen him, and I don’t believe that either my father or mother, who lived in the old place all their lives, ever saw him either, so you can tell by that limb ho isn’t very obtrusive and troublesome. I promise you most faithfully limb if ho ever become so I’ll have the parson of the pariah to lay him instantly, and ho shall bo buried ia company with a double combed cock, and a stake driven through it« body. No bogcart was ever known to rise again after that.” Whilst this conversation was passing between them the carriage rolled up Yorkshire Street, and at Inst gained the Old Pack Horse Inn, which, strange to say, Rose passed wilh her eyes closed. Had she kept them open she might I have observed at this point Sir Harry’s I grand and novel turn out attracted less attention that at any previous part of its progress ; for though the crowd was very dense it seemed to bo wholly occupied with some other matter. The baronet did not seem to remark this latter coincidence, and a minulo or two later they yvere out of the town altogether, for Yorkshire Street changed into Yorkshire road at the point where West Street now connects with it, so [ that budding Hawthorn hedges took the [placeof houses, and from (hence to Smnll bridgo, thq tiniest of villages, save now and then an old mansion buried amid trees, or a solitary whitewashed and rush* thatched cot standing by the wayside and the road was as lonely and as rural os it well could bo. It bocamo positive gloomy when at last the carriage turned to the right, splashed through the riverat a shallow ford, though owing to the flood the water rushed over the axletrees even hero, and on reaching the opposite bonk rumbled along what was even then known as the Olegg Hall Road, There wore neither colleries nor mills anywhere in tho neighborhood, though dark and gloomy Cr plaatationavin some places, and high ’- in ■ bordered the narrowband deeply iruttml bridle path, for it I was in foality npthinsp more. \ 1 ] The possibility of, aJour, or oven a two' wheeled vehicle 4 ' trayor^sing, it 'had evidently never been contemplated "when it was made, but sallicienf space had been allowed for two heavily laden pock horses to get past each other,so that there was ample room for tho carriage though it required careful navigation 'to ensure against accidents and it was certainly for tunate that the springs were strong. Such was the position of matters when a man crept out of one of tho before mentioned fir plantations through a gap in the edge, and pointing a pistol at the driver’s head, ordered him peremptorily “to pull up his cattle or be shot dead, which ever he preferred.” On his immediately doing as ho was bidden, the stranger, who was dresssd like a seedy and impoverished gentleman, though his clothes hung loose upon him, stepped up to the carriage, revealing in the action the fact that he was masked as well as armed, and pointing his pistol in turn at tho baronet, exclaimed. “My bullets will reach farther than your sword, and as prudence proves no lack of courage you will be a wise man aod no coward to part with your purse rather than your life. Sir Horry Howarth.” “ In faith, I think you are about right there,” laughed the baronet, for to be robbed on the highway in those days was too commonplace an incident for much fuss to bo made over it “ Here is my purse, so pray be polite and don’t frighten the lady, for I have just married her.” But the lady was frightened already, and leas by tho stranger’s pistol than by his voice. Nor did the words which he next spoke at all tend to reassure her, for they were, “Gentleman of my profession are proverbially polite to tho fair sex, and although I am as yet hardly more than an amateur, I will in that respect act with tho courtesy of an old professional. I have my little fads and fancies though, and the Rose of Rochdale, which you have this morning plucked from its parent stem, is, I have hoard, celebrated for the beauty of her arm and shoulder. I must see both, Sir Harry, and as all shows have to be paid for, let the price of the present exhibition be your watch, chain, and rings. You s ee lam prepared to pay high for a whim.” The whim seemed to be a most dis tasteful one to the bride, who gave vent to an hysterical scream, whereat Sir Harry exclaimed furiously, “ Insolent fellow, what do you moan V and the stranger responded quite calmly, “ I mean that I will change your bride into a widow unless, my demand is instantly granted.” (to be continued.) 