THE CATHEDRAL. On; Sunday last the Feast of Pentecost was cele brated at St. Mary's, with the Cardinal- Archbishop presiding. The cathedral was crowded, and many had to stand during the High Mass, of which Father Carey was the celebrant and Fathers Hayden and Walsh the deacon and sub-deacon. The Very Rev. Prior Jerome Vaughan preached a sermon on ' Grace,' taking as his text a verse of the Hymn of the Holy Ghost Come, Holy Ghost, Creator, come From Thy bright Heavenly Throne, Come, take possession of our hearts And make them all Thine own, In the course of his discourse the Prior briefly alluded to the Reunion of Cbristendom. The other day' (said the preacher) the Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII., sent a letter to the British people calling upon the British people to open their eyes to the claims of the Catholic Church, and exhorted them to the reunion of Christendom. But what the Holy -is.ii ? -\nnr.A of +iir- Vinsp iif nil — what he rested the greatest hope on— was the power of prayer. By prayer they obtained God's grace, and without grace they could not be saved and brought into the one fold. Grace was the gift of God, who sent down His qratia to us gratis. . The Ri-*ht Rev. Monsignor O Brien was the preacher at the Apostleship of Prayer meeting on Sunday afternoon. There was a large attendance. The devotions of the Forty Hours will commence on next Thursday, the Feast of Corpus Christi. The Feast of the Sacred Heart will be observed with due solemnity on Friday, 14th June. In. the evening the members of the Apostleship of Prayer Confraternity will meet and take part in the devo tions. There will be a special sermon preached. His Lordship the Right Rev. JJr. Juggins win preach at the High Mass to-morrow (Trinity Sun *On. Corpus Christi (Thursday next) the High Mass at 11 o'clock will be sung by Prior Vaughan. The procession with which the Forty Hours Adora tion commences will be after Mass. On Friday and Saturday the High Mass will be at 10 o clock, lhe order of the Adoration will be as follows , :— Thurs day from midday to 6 p.m. Children of Mary, and from 6 to 10 p.mf the A.H.C. Guild ; Friday 6 a.m. to 6 p.m., members of the Apostleship of Prayer, and from 6 to 10 p.m. Holy Family Confraternity ; Saturday, 6 a.m. to 10 a.m., Society of St. Vincent de Paul. ?, ? 