SEALED ORDERS OB THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This rStory is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspeotor Brynes of the New York Polioe. CHAPTER L THE SHADOW OP A CRIME. The city of Washington was shaken to its foundation by the announcement of three staitling events whioh had happened almost simultaneously. The three announcements were totally different-in character, seeming, to the stranger who chanced to 'read tie paper that morning, to bear no relation whatever to eaoh other. Perhaps they did not; mayhap it was only the ooinoidence of affairs .which sent suoh a tremor along the thoroughfares of that cosmopolitan city; and yet tuero were those who knew better, and who eaw in them something more than coincidences. The three events were a murder, a suicide, id-a wedding. These startling incidents oocurred in widely different parts of the city, though all were in that portion of it whioh is known as the north-west. The first and most startling of all was the murder. Tne news fell like a thunder-bolt upon society, when through the columns of the morning papers it road that Brayton .Russell, one of its chiefest pets, had been, at forty-five minutes past ten the preceding evening, found dead, with the jewelled hilt of a stiletto gleaming against the bosom of his shirt, now stained crimson with bis life blood. Investigation showed that the blade had pteroed the yonng man's heart, and that he had -died instantly—almost without pain other than the first agony ofthe shock. Tne body was found in the parlor of the suite which Mr Russell hadoocupied for two years, and more than the ordinary amount of mystery surrounded the unhappy event. There was no evidenoe whatever of a straggle. Russell was found in the same chair where he was sitting an hoar before the discovery, at wbioh tame his valet bad left him to execute a few commissions commanded by his master. It was the vales who made the discovery upon his return, bnt, fortunately for his own comfort, he was accompanied by a gentleman who had long borne very oordial and friendly relations with the viotim of this sudden and awfnl tragedy. The police were instantly notified, and an investigation was at onoe begun. It ended, however, with but little more than has been already told, and the officers of tne law became, with every move they, made, more and more mystified When the valet left -his master, in order to exec ate the commissions tpven him, the latter, fully arrayed in evening dress, was tying back in bis favorite chair, smoking a cigar which he had jnBt lighted. It was half-past nine, or about that time, waen the valet went out. It was forty-live minutes psst ten. when he returned and found Mr UnBaell stabbed through the heart, yet still reclining in almost the same position in whioh the servant had last seen him. The cigar whion he had been engaged in smoking was lying on the floor beside the chair. It had oeased to burn, bnt beneath it was a round spot as large asa silver-dime, wnere the fire had singed the nap -of- the heavy moquette carpet. There was an ash a quarter of an inch long on the end of the cigar, but no ashes were scattered in the ViOinity o£ the spot where it had fallen, allowing that there had been none upon it when it fellTrom the nerveless ISngers of the murdered man. 'Beside him, on a litile Bmoking-table,;was a silver ash-receiver, and upon that was one deposit only from 7 the cigar^whj&h;, lying upon - the floor, presented such mute yet conclusive evidenoe of the suddenness and aoouraoy with which the.death-dealingblow had been struck. This one deposit.of ashes upon the receiver measured three-quarters ot an inoh in length,-was regular and unbroken, showing that the smoker had been absorbed in the enjoyment of his (agar wben death, unannounced, waa ushered in. Experts gave it as their opinion that the msn had been dead about an hour when the body was disoovered, and thus it became evident that the fatal event most have taken plaoe within a very. few minutes after the valet left his master to carry out the instructions he had received. The gentleman who-returned with the valet was Manuel Navarro, a Oastilian of noble family, who waa at the time enj oying Washington. society in the capacity ot special envoy of the King of Spain to conclude some diplomatic negotiations between -his oonntiy and the United States. Although a Spaniard, he -spoke Kw£li.t with »1X the fluency of a native, and amid the Vspoiling" and the flattery that had been his portion during the few months of his residence in - the national capital^ a strong -friendship had sprung to life between, him and the young man who was so suddenly and foully murdered. ' There waa a little gleam of sudden emotion in the Oastilian's eyes when tHey fell npon the jeweled hilt of the stiletto, but he mads no remark oonoeming the weapon until some time afterward, when droumstances oompelled him to do ao, ~ But during the first hours of investigating the horror, the handsome face and flashing eyes of Manuel A&varro; were often turned toward that dainty bnt fatal weapon, and at suoh times an inscrutable .expression flittftfl like a fore-, boding shadow aah>s$ hie features. The valet was positive that his master waa alone in the apartment when hp left iiimj and no one in the house had-seea any unknown person arrive at or depart from-tne building the time he was absent. The few who bad been seen were constant i»u.r. at .different appartmentB in the building^or, the murdered man, lived there, or wilboatexoeption satisfactorily aooountea for every n^if;' of'tne time during which the arime mnst have taken plaoe. lhe"valet was equally certain that he had never aeen 1 'the stuetto before, andthkt u was not the property of Mr Russell, and had'Hever been among his effects. ' ^The perpetrator of tne dastardly crime had oome-ana gone, and felt no clue nemndeave death and tne jeweled weapon wnich might or mignt ant be traced to its owner. JUike a spirit of-evil the aaaanain had -descended upon the house, -and departed with -the noiselesa^and aintraosade-tread of a ghost. Jirayton .Russell -was dead—muraered,lor apjpidp tos Apt -fo -be thonght gt in tile premises, i ; For a long time he - had xeigueel, a prince among his fellows. Handsome, dainihg, riohrtnU-of life .and animation, and genial to≪ alike, he had been petted and-apaUeo, made much of -and denied, until nis word nad beoooiB.thei-lair<pf4)iB«et,«i-wniaahc therooogmsedandonrivaled leader/ A bachelor 7 j ust past his tnirtieth birthday, ihe had long Been -the inteudedpriza -of deigning matnmasand the favorite gallant among thl beaulifulcreaturBs wiioijeignedas balles of Washington society.' The nswa«f fcisileath, > -therefore,'Ckaseda shook impossible to describe.- Tne m anner Of his death • homtied -everybody. I'he mystery surrounding it awwimRii mote than the ordinary proportions when is was .remembered tnat he had not "an enemy in tne worid,^and : 'that ««o one: oould assign a possible motive for the terriole crime, and thuatuggeet* cine to the perpetrator. /. TheoTwith a shudder the reader of the c>arsingi>paper glanoed -at the heading ol -.•nMun- grtriiir"" same page, and only to be brought face to faoe with a new norror, equally inexpliqablj, if Jeas mytserious than the other. CHAPTER IL ^ • COIHOtDIOHS OF KVEMB, ~ \- Jhe other announoememt was scarcely,less startiing and' horrifying than-the first li was headed,' "fielf-l5&iotion;," and . the Artiole told in dcftafl nf^ahothar ilread event tohloh^liad taken ipl^T^reramably^rf^t her teens,- had at-'aome-^time-between the hours of eight and eleven o'clock the preceding • evening, -committed ' suicide - -while alone in her room - in - ber - mother's mansion. 8he - had dined^ alone seven o'clock, her mother being absent from the city,.leaving her, therefore, aloHBlh tie great house, exoept for the presenoe of «fcalf dozen ssrvanta, among those being a young lady's maid. Theresa seemed to be in her usual-health and spirits at dinner- time, and:from the table had gone to the puior, and spent fifteen or-twenty minutes in playing upon the piano. Then, singing gayly, s^e bad gone to her room, after telling her-maid-that she might make what use ahe-chose of the evening,-.as her services"wonld not be -required before eleven. That was the last seen of her alive. At eleven precisely the mud presented herself at the door of her mistress's room, and reoeiving no reply to her Btimmnna, entered softly, expeoting to find Miss Orlando asleep. For-a moment the mud believed that she had been correct in her surmise, for her mistress was lying fnlly dressed, upon the bed, with her face turned in the opposite direction. But there was something so 'desthlike and still about the figure on the" bed that the servant was alarmed. In another' moment she knew the awful Erath. Her "mistresB was Bleeping that sleep which knows no waking, and on the floor betide the bei were the shattered fragments of a wine glass. At first the servant made frantic efforts to arouse her mistress; then she ran screaming away; alarming the household and ultimately Bendmg forthe family physician, who fortunately lived quite near. When he came, a few moments of rapid investigation developed the following facia: A two-ounce -vial, one-third full of the tincture of aconite, was upon the dressingcase, and the fragments of the wine gtaas found npon the floor, upon examination, core unmistakable evidence that the glass had contained the same baneful poison before it was broken, Still farther investigation proved that Theresa had swallowed nearly an ounoe and a half of the -deadly drug, and had died almost instantly. There was not the slightest doubt of suicide in the minds of those who- were familiar with the facts of the case^-and yet cause could be assigned as a-sufficient reason for the deed. Par from beinga person -who wonld con template sucn an act, Theresa Orlando-was known to possesB precisely the - opposite characteristics, always happy and vivacious, and never morbid or given.xo low apiritsor moods. There was no love affair in her life whioh could have had thid terrible effisoc^ upon her, and there waa absolutely no reason known to her friends why she -should not have chosen to live out ner allotted -yeara in pursuit of the pleasure wnicn Kature and circam?t .nee ha l set aside for her portion. Beautiful as an houn, and as dark—for she was born beside-the Guadalquiver in sunny S^uun—aooomplished lar beyond her associations, guted by nature -with a genial and happy temperament which made ner loved wherever she went, an heiress to wealih almost fabulous in amount, happy in her home and her surroundings, the pet of society and tne acknowledged beauty of the season, the thong tic of death should never have come to her, mnoh leas that sort of death whioh finds its exeoutor in one's own hand. Yet she was dead. Beside her the broken glass; on the dresser the uncorked vial partly tilled with poison, and the mute evidenoe everywhere expressed tnat she had herself decanied the deadly draught, carried it to the bed, and there, after assoming the position in whicn she wished to bs found, swallowed the poison, and died. People who read both of the startling accounts remembered vaguely that there had been rumors of an engagement between Brayton Russell and Theresa Orlando. They were startled anew to think that both should have died at about the same hour, one by murder, foul and mysterious, the other by suicide inexplicable, and tnat scarcely a mile intervened between the taoosei where these two dread events oo- - cuned. Tney shuddered anew when aomebne suggested that coincidence oould not alone explain the double calamity; they wondered vaguely if collusion of purpose oonld, in any way, have actuated the advent ofdeath, or have lent an impulse to either viotim; they shuddered and sighed, they expressed regrets keen and piquant, they indulged in useless and absurd theories, and then they turned with little zest, it is said, to the tnird sensation of the day. In its way this waa equally startling, for it contained a surprise for which none of them had been prepared. Briefly, it was an announcement of marriage. It told that the wedding ceremony had been performed at six o'olock the previous evening between Manuel Navarro and Agnes Inez Orlando. •Society knew that Navarro was Brayton Russell's most intimate friend; society knew tnat Agnes Inez Orlando was an own oousin to Theresa; and in addition to the surprise felt at the marriage announcement, more or less compassion was expressed for the two principals ofthe wedding, who, within a few floors, were confronted by deatn in its most revolting form. The surprise at the announcement of the wedding. was oocasioned by the positive Knowledge on the part of many of the readers, that the bride was, at the time of her wedding, betrothed to another man, and that the groom had, ever sinoe his arrival in Washington, pud his court to another lady, and pud it ao assiduously that quite a different wedding had many times oeen oonfidently prophesied by the knowing -gossips. Society had never aaspeoted more than friendly intimacy between Navarro ^wd his bride, and yet, without a word ot \- warning, in the presenoe of half-a-dozen' guests, friends of Miss Orlando, the two tvere made man and wife. By one stroke, almost, the columns of. the morning papers removed four stars of the tirsc maguitude from theaiananf social conquest. Two by death and two by marnsge. .Lnan people "shuddered anew, far they re- •nemnerBd tne awful-mystery- annoimding .he lint announcement, Tney could not drive frem their minds tne idea tnat tnere was sometuing more than coincidence in the'triple event. Then they looked eagerly tor tne-evening papers la the aope of gaining furtner news, But none was given them that is worthy of oomment hern, and tneir only recourse was to wait and observe, Nobody dreamed of the real causes of the events of that one night. Could they also <oave been given in yet another oolumn the effect would have been indesarlbable. CHAPTER UL A BLOW DT TUB DABK Investigation of the double calamity described in the foregoing chapters proved fruitless. The polioe department of tne oity of Washington confused tnat they could find no doe whatever to the murder of Brayton iRossell, and as a last resort gave oat the (opinion that the young man had doubtless committed suicide, although they had failed utterly to aaoribe any moave tor the act. Care was taken, owing to the exalted iaocial position of the parties interested, not to" insinuate the suggestion of collusion or unity of purpose between Bouell and Theresa Orlando; and yet the opinion was general that if the theory of suicide was unoe established there oonld be no other explanation offered. , Tnere waa those who did not admit that the theory of. suicide was.appUeable to the case- of Miss Orlando/ They *aoontsd -the idea that ahe had'taken her own life - aa ab-. aurdin-the extrane,and theyiargued 4ridr is greafdeal of force when reference -waa anade to'theknownuharacteriscicsand happy :j J sposi6en bl theyounglaay. " Opinions were about equslly" iditided iamong thoeewhoby reason-of long aoquain- «*noe with the-victims of the double tnyidyfr lelt a personal interest in-ifche^development -timsttf asaassinn i nHirtimnnr'stinH double euioide- with - eotne motive at present unknowni -and «few etillclung to-the -original idea of Unorder and suicide," ascribing the ""^^"•"mTiiTiss "f -^the -events -to mere ooinoidanoe. Tne necessary inqaesta were held, and a verdiot of suicide was returned--in each case. It is doubtful whether the coroner's j nry would have so decided inthe case of Brayton Raasel-had not a startling fact been established during the investigation. .The stiletto -with winch-he had been stabbed-was conclusively proven to have been the property of Theresa Orlando, and it was known to have been in her possession as fate as the luncheon hour of the day upon whioh he was so suddenly and so mysteriously ushered into another world. The ownership of the weapon was first suggested by reason of the young lady's initials, which were engraved npon the hilt. Methodical inquiry followed, and brought out the developments named, Theorists were busy at once, some with wild conjecture, others with reasonable deductions. Did Theresa Orlando, after dismissing her maid, go to the apartmenta of Brayton Rassd, and after stabbing him to the heart return and take her own life in the manner described. " As a matter of fact, each so-called revelation which oame to light in the investigation only served to deepen the mystery, and it was not until nearly two weeks had elapsed that the matter "was brought to the official notice of Obiet Inspector Thomas Byrnes, of the New York polioe. The case was, of course, out of his juris diction; yet the request for his co-operation came to him in sucn a manner that he was persuaded to assume the direction of affairs m developing and solving' the mysteries in which it was involved. A carriage Btopped in Mulberry-street at the door of Police Headquarters at five o'clock one afternoon. The footman entered tne white building bearing a sealed envelope in his hand. Ten minutes later he reappeared, hurrying down the steps, and uttered a few words to the occupant of the carriage; which was at onoe driven away. Tnat Bame evening, in his own parlor, the Cnief Inspector received the person who had been an modpant of tne'oarnage, nor did they separate until the gray dawn ot morning hso chased the shadows of night away. Then, ever tireless in the pursuit- of his occupation, the-official. went-at onoe to his {office,- and after giving directions-that he ishould on no account be disturbed, spent a {longtime in writing. ' At nine o'dook ne left bil office,'-*alked through. Houston-s Lraet to Broadway, - "and Himself deposited, a latter in the mail-oox". At twenty minutes before ten o'clock- thesame morning that identical letter,'•bearing ipecial delivery stamp, was placed in -tne hands of the person to wnom it was addressed, for it bore the'inscription: Tne detective opened the letter instantly. It contained a snort, terse note in the nand-writmg of the Chief Inspector, a note wnich was decidedly characteristic of the man who wrote .t, and another envelope, also sealed. The "note, written upon official paper of the department, was as follows : "Catch .first train, to Washington. I inclose sealed instructions and' orders, with directions when to open written oatBide.' VVlre me as soon as you arrive." Tne detective glanced at his watch, found that he bad ample time in which to catch a tram, and at naif-past four -o'olock that aftemoop, three -from the' time of tne'double tragedy, he was inthe city of Washington witn the sealed orders he had reoeived safely reposing in the inner pocket of his vest. - Declining the multitudinous offers «f conveyance made by tne norde of hacamen who make life a burden to travellers, he walked slowly np Pennsylvania avenue toward the Treasury. Twioe, en rouie, he paused." Once at the office of the WatMngton Post and once at the livening Star building. Then he continued on ms way, idly observing everything that was passing around him, and ultimately arriving at the Arlington Hotel, wnere he registered and secured a room. i'he evening was- well advanced when he again left the hotel,-, and this time as before be walked. His direction took him up Connecticut avenue, and after making several turns, always walking slowly and seemingly for tne purpose of exeroise only, he rang the bell of an imposing edifice, and. entered. It was still anotner sealed envelope whioh he delivered to the servant instead of the customary card, saying only: Deliver that to Mrs Orlando, and say that I am waiting." Only a few moments passed when the lady entered the room. where the deteotive was waiting, and he found himself in the presence of a woman in the prime of life ana nealth and matronly beauty—the mother of Tnereea Orlando, theauioide. You are—" she began, but the detective interrupted her. *' I am sent to you, madam, by Chief Inspeotor Byrnes, of New York. I have special directions to carry ont lor him, and among them may be found the reasons for thu call." Ah I" 1 wish to have a very serious talk with you, and it is important that there should be as little delay as possible. You " \- Niok paused -suddenly, for a frightful pallornwept like a flash of light over tne woman's face. She tottered lor an instant, and reacned blindly for a ohair; but even as cue deteotive sprang to her assistance she recovered herself, and motioned him baok. It is notning,'" she said, a svisible effort to smile. "A momentary weakness, nothing more. I have nut been Well sipce—since my terrible bereavement, and to-night I feel unusually ill. I think, eir, if 1 were to retire at onoe that I will be strong enough to bear this necessary interview in the morning. To-night 1 fear—nay, 1 known that I am coequal -to the task. •Will you return in the morning, at ten!" Certainly." '-lam very aorroy that it must be so, sir. It is i who have sougat this moment ana (looked forward to it. Ah, air, I—" Again that sudden paleneas-swept--ovei her iage, and again ahe instantly recovered. '- hurts' my pride to admit tnat 1 am ill," she continued, with a faint smile, " but to-night it is even ao," Sne rose -from her ohairr and with evident difficulty added: ••I shall expect- you in the morning at ten." It was a dismissal-and the detective at onoe took his leave. Tne following, morning he took the Post with him to the breakfast- aablei'aiid as he spread it open -before him thefirstitem ol news npon wnipai bis -glance rested caused ihim to utter-a anarp exclamation of dismay. It was headed as follows: BROKEN HEARTED. SAD ENDING TO A "CHAPTER OF A TRAOltDY, fiEHOEi Mama Orlando Found Dead IS Han Bed at Midhight. FoUowin&waa; adetaQedaooaontof the «aa Idisoovery, the whole purport of it being that jthe- motner-of Xheraa had-diedof a-broken ifaieart oaused by tap cad fate-of her beloved and beautiful daughter. But the brow-of Niok Carter grew darker ks-be read.. Only onoe did he give atteranoe ^o bis thoughts. Tnen he mnrmnredm a tone ao low. that a companion at the-aame table oouldnot have ovecheard-him. " She died by the-hand of an assassin- as t and as mysterious as that which killed Kohildl" (To -be Comtimved.) 