Current Topics. Notwithstanding the 'leakage in the railways, the revenue returns fur January show a substantial increase as compared with tile satue month of last year, the figures brins £198,335. This is an iu- •creaae of £8,950 over Jauaaiy, 1894, and also exceeds theestimate fur the tuouth bv L14.960.' Sir J. Ijothian Bell, than whom there is no more competent authority, gives the royalties enacted by landowners for every ton of pig iron produced as follows :—In the Cleveland district, 3s 6d : in Scotland, fis.; aud in Cumberiaud 6s 3d, He also states that on the Continent of Europe; where - minerals belong to the people, the royalties are:— D In Germany, 6d.: in France, :8d.; in Belgium, la 3d to Is 4d .per tod of pig iion. The aggregate amohnt of the national debt of the tJnited States is now 1,156,181,233" dollars, or • L231,250,000. Many people are under the moneoue impression that the States had no national debt. The above fiaures which are taken from an authentic source speak for them- Mw*,^' ^ ..V ...... Attention^ is again directed to the advertisement in our cnlumus of the clearing sale of dairy heid. horses, store catt'eand implements, onacconut of Mr J O'Keeffe, by Messrs D. J. Duncan and Co., at Baringhup West ou Friday. Mr. 3- Martin, the secretary—of the -Casdeniaine and district Citizens and Pioneers Excuraion to Qaeenseliff and Sorrento on the ; 20th inst is in receipt of the following from tie Railway DepartmentSir—Replying to yours of the 31st uk, I will run a special train ou the 20th iust, J eating Castlemaine for Maldon after arrival at. Castleuiairie (about 1145 (j.tu.)ef the special train from Melbourne. This shall be tried as an ex periment to test its value ; the result will be noted for future guidance." - Whilst driving with some friends abou' -afortuight eince Sir John H'Intj-re me M'ith«aalie)it aoeident. - The-vehicle «i B capsized and die occupants thrown oc^ Sir John felta slight pain in one of arm's, but thought nothing of it at the time. The pain increased and the representative for Maldon was obliged to remain -at home for some days. understand that the effects of the fall are wearing off and that (hat Sir John is able to attend to his Parliamentary and business duties as usual. Those interested in tie proposed ham aud bacon factory at Maldon will probably hare noticed that similar companies are being formed both at Campecdown and Kilmore. Excellent progress has been made in both places, and in a few weeks curing operations will be commenced. It is recognised thas there is much in such a venture. It is therefore to be hoped that theentetprisiue TesiideBts «f this district /Will speedily, follow the example of their western and northern compeers at an early date. The returns of Australian produce on the-London market afford a useful object lesson-in the capabilities of the trade which is expanding by leaps and bounds. Batter has already assumed vast .proportions and large quantities of cheese, eggs, fruit, poultry, rabbits, hares, frozen mutton, beef and wine are now being sold every week in the great world's market. The prices, too, are most encouraging—Butter, I02s. cwt. ; cheese, 50a. cwt.; eggs, Is. Oi. per doz. ; turkeys, 8d per lb.; fowls, 3s 9d. per pair ; wine 6s. per gallon ; frozen mntton, 4jd. per lb.; rabbita, Is. each.; hares, Is 6d.; ducks, 46a. doz. "Old times are gone, old manners changed.*"' A few years ago a contested election in Victoria meant an expenditure, in some instances, of at least £3000. It -is •stated on good authority that Dr Beaney paid £6005 for his seat in the Upper Bouse; MrC. H. James 1 eeat cost biui £5009, and Mr W. Pitt, M.L.C_ it is said, spent £3000. When Dr Rose was first returned fcr North Melbourne hie expenses must have been about £2000. Mr G- B. Carter's little bill must hare fun into four figures. Last year there were five members returned in contested elections whose ** accounts" tetalled less than £000—a little over £100 each. The recent election f-jr Mornington cost Mr Downward something* under L200, while Dr. L. L. Smith's account was less than L150. Amongst the wills lodged for probate on Monday appears that of the late Mr AddiBon NicholL, (if Shelbourne West, who died on December 5th. The wiH was dated July 11th, 1889. The testator left real property valued at L5353, and fiersonal valued at L1360. He leaves his furniture, &c.;, to his wife absolutely, and an annuity sf 1=108 a year during her life and widowhood, as well as the use and occupation -til his dwelling house at Shelbourne and 50 acres of laud during the same period. The residue is to be divided among his chiLdcen in . equal shares. - Messrs. 3. Tobin & Co. aavertise ftir sale in oar columns the Springs Hotel, sear Maldon, with about 12 acres of freehold land, in one of the best stands of the district, and doing a good trade, which no doubt -can be increased considerably. Terms for this most desirable property can be arranged, if necessary, and an active business man should do very well in is, as the land attached is good, and there is a large run for cattle, pigs, poultry, &c.;, with a -neverfailing supply of water laid on at con siderable expense. Messrs. W. Weddell and Co., of Iiondon, have forwarded to us a carefully compiled table, showing fluctuations in value of frozen meat during the six years between 1889 to 1894. The fluctuations are frequent, but a gratifying feature is the excellent average maintained by New Zealand, whose mutton has become established in popular favor. There are many extraordinary cases of snakebite in As Australian bnsb. Some few years since Mr Harris, of " Bargrove," Gippsland, lost his life through attempting to pick up the hea<? of a black snake after it had been severed from the body, the snake having sufficient strength to drive its fan!^ into his hand. A few days ago a gardner cat a snake in two ; the head portioa got away, and it is surmised was seized by a cat and brought on to the verandah of the home. A little girl two years old was ieen carrying the head about while the blood dripped from her fingers—the Teptiie h»d bitten her several times and she died bsfore a doctor could reach the place. Messrs J. Tobin and Co. are authorised to sell Mr Merlo's Shamrock Hotel at Sandy Creek, with about 270 acres of freeolii laud attached, on reasonable terms. The hotel is situated on the main road between Maldon and Newstead, and is doing a fair business A race track is fust formed -opposite the hotel, which should greatly improve the business. The land is adapted for grazing or cultivation, and it-is-Well: wateVfed-by. "dams. For a small outlay this presents a desirable iuvestmeDt. The Tantanooia-tiger is the "Princeof wanderers. " -Ho - is ' seen • at Mount Gambier -on Thursday and is discovered 209 miles away three days afterwards. The "striped gentleman, 1 ' tired of South Australia, was next seen at Ballarat, and one morning surprised a policeman on the shores of the lake aud was fired at. Ballarat is too warm and his next "appearance" is at Woodend, where the Old Volunteers are "on the trail." On Sunday someone who hid experienced a "bad night"discovered tlio Tantauoola's ghost behind the Mnunt at Maldon, and there is every probability of a .wandering calf or two being shot or shot at. It has been suggested that the services, of the Rifle Club be sought, in which case there would be r.o fear of the nomadic "Tautauoola escaping with his life. • - A local Chinaman has a very different opinion of the ultimate result of the war with Japan to'that generally entertained. He aaye—"Japan killera 100,000 more Chinese in two months ; warm weather then Chinese fight belter arid ieatem ; Japs easy." The Mongolian laughed at the TdaaoF a handful uf Japs Veatiti^ the Chinese. " No fear, Chinese too much savee to fi;;bt in cold ; two months more you see," says the son of Cunfuscius, who cares little about the fate of tha treat Emjnre. " Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—A farm comprising 273 acres of good land at Poowong was sold on Saturday last for £2730 or £10 an aero. This land "was selected ten. years since, and the seller declares it has cost him in its present cleared state £l<5 10o per acre.. Farming in. Gippsland most be very profitable. A few days 6ince a resident of this town lost several silver coins which he thought he had seen the last of. Mr Robert Passfield yesterday handed the owner his lo6t money, a d was thanked and rewarded for his honesty. Mr Passfield had made inquiries with a -view to discovering the owaer. In the Est of show fistoresin last week's " Australasian " appears Baringhup and Maldon April 3rd. A mistake has -evidently been made; the Baringhup Annual Eace meeting is fixed for April 3rd. The paper has published it the " show fixture " when it should have been that of the Baringhup Races. Oo. behalf of the War Department Lord Hopetoun has awarded decorations to a numbsr of officers who have served 20 years -under the old volunteer system. Among the recipients are ilajor Slee, .of Newstead, Colonel Bull, and Lieutenant Aitken of Castlemaine. The woman Tripett who cut her baby's head off with an as© aear Kyneton was only released from the Castlemaine hospital a few days previously. She is well connected in England, and t-imultaneously with the accosnt of the murder the news comes that she hid been left £700 by a relative. We understand that Mr T. B. Davison is making inquiries in several localities in reference to the proposed ham and bacon factory for Maldon. When he has obtained sufficient information a meeting will be called, and the btibject will be discussed and probably arrangements made to carry the proposal into practical effect. The first monthly committee meeting since the half-yearly meeting of the local branch of the Miners Association was held atthe secretary's office on Monday night. There were present Messrs W. Rewell (president), F. ttidd, T. Grigg, D. Woodlock, -A. Johnson, -J. Bowman and S. liodda (secretary). Correspondence was received from the secretary of the A.&f.; A. acknowledging the receipt of the general returns of the year, and also forwarding the business sheet for the annual -conference ol the Association (which is to be held at Egerton on 26th Febroaty) and railway requisition form for the local delegate; the Ballarat Branch sent a cordial imitation for a representative of the Maldon Branch to attend their annual excursion down the bay, whichwas reluctantly declined owing to the heavy drain at present on the funds through accidents On the motion of Messrs liodda and Woodlock Mr W. Rewell {president) was appointed delegate to the annual conference, with full discretionary power to vote on the various questions on the business sheet; but it was distinctly understood that—unless some central place was chosen fer the next conference—the delegate use his bast efforts to have the uext conference held at "Maldon. Accounts amounting to L1G 10j 4d were passed for payment, the accident aocbunt being L7 jL3a 4d. It was resolved that L75. of the Incidental Fund be invested by the trustees of the branch. Our Baringhup correspondent writes .- "I am glad to say that the dairymen are supporting the new oreamery at Mr. Ckisholm's. Harvesting is now a thing of the past. The slightly improved prices for wheat "have caused a ray of light on a very black sky. There will be much less under both wheat and oats next year. Many farmers state they will not waste their time and labor in a vain effort to make.ends meet by cereal production. The quantity of land under fallow is something liko €00 acres less iu the three districts than last ye-ir." Mr. Thomas Harding in another column returns thanks to the electors of the Tarrangower Division for according him the honor of an uuopposed return to the Castlemaine Mining Board. Iu both the other divisions there is opposition, er^o Mr Harding must have given his constituents complete satisfaction. An old identity in the person of Mrs. Frances Ycung died on Monday afternoon at the ripe age of 83 yeara. Mrs. Young was for years housekeeper at the Bank of Victoria. During recent years her health commenced to fail, and she passed quietly away, as stated. During her last hours she was attended by a large circle of friends. Tne funeVal will take place to-day, the mortuary arrangements being in the hands of Mr. \V. H. Pearce. As mining develops in Templetonstreet complications will arise. Just now there is a dispute about one claim, and legal proceedings are threatened. The interests of private individuals, mining companies and the council have to be respected, and miners are in some instances at a loss to know how to act. Two business people in' the town are about to make a change.. ,Mr. Punshon will open in the shop at pressnt occupied by Mr. Temby, where he will add ironmongety to his grocery ""business. Mr. Temby has taken ths'shop near the Royal Hotel, recently occupied by Mr. Enn : s. There is quite a dearth of court business in the town. The only case last week at the police-court was that of Constable Considine against Lawrence Syers for cutting wood without a license at Bradford. A fine of 5s. was imposed. At the ordinary fortnightly meeting of the local branch of the Australian Natives' Association at Trinity Church Schoolroom on Monday night Mr -C." Roberts was elected a benefit member It was announced that the balauce-sheet for the past half-year would be submitted to the next meeting. After the business was cuncluded the social evening "Pound Kight"—which had been announced to take place, passed off most pleasantly, and was a decided Buccejs Reference is made to the affair in another columu. We understand that a number of the friends of Mr F. \V. Prideaui are about to take steps to tender him a complimentary benefit concert at an early date. It will be remembered that Mr Prideaux was for many years one of the leading spirits iuall public entertainments connected with Maldon. " Mr J. Davis, the local photographer, made a journey to Melbourne and back ou his "Raleigh" safety bicycle last Sunday. He " breakfasted " early at Maldoc. dined in the metropolis, and htd a veiy late supper at Maldon. 