'SAB FRAFCISCO CALL/ In Qie fall of 1892 a double (agidy diit W Vdl nigh abiple ttaiedy ooctufed near GaliiedmlOakB,alitt3e villiagesixmilefl vest , of fianta Barbara. Only a pmenph oi*two dimnilJina rtJ" * 3 11-" ' Wtft these brief npottB is a ®tp®y dramatic and fall of mysterious .ug geatiou. * , the morning of the 24th December one William MmBbm, a jonsg ranchman in t&eemploy; ofMr Lewis, on old and respect* ed Ind owner in this vicinity, harnessed , ^ ttonolkonea to makean early dait, into town, exchanged a choecy word with one of the family, stepped into the sitting-room ofthe house on some riva! errand, up a gun titere, went straight to his own room in&detatched; building, deliberately put hu foot on the fa^gnr and blew out his brains. Martinez was a handsome, pleasant tem pered fellow, well liled and truBted by bin employers; young, healthy and above the average of buclua in intelligence. ~ Why he should have taken hi« own Ufa in tiiwminMw to tiib dayremainsa mystery. The nnfortnnate young mm had a step brother of Indian parentage, the son of his father's second wife, named Anton Orzcas. lib most nun of this kind, Anton had grown up without any special moral training but while he had little principle bo far as honesty sod truth were concerned, he bad never shown anything bat a gentle disposit ion^ When he heard the news of step* brother's suicide and ifa«j»g bis nHimiiniM upon the inquest hs appeared indifferent to thepoiiit of brutality. 33ie village of Cathedral Oaks is named from a stately ^ove that stands at the base of the mountains where the San Marcos toll roads begin the ascent of the first grade at like iboUiflls. Two canyons come down from the monntains and meet here at The OakB. Following the eastern and most important, the - road winds along the banks of a little . mountain stream, bringing one to a success ion of pretty ranches. At fee very head of the canyon and at "the foot of the high hills, wherethe little valley widens, only to be broken up by numerous wooded gulches, wrapped in its own beautiful solitude, is a ranee whose occupants have dwelt there for twenty years. The father, Francis D. Havens, ctⅇ of a well known Sfw York family. The motheris the daughter of a San Francisco phjmaan much resected hii day. Dr William A.Snyder, who was buried at Lone Mountain in 1860. Early iatin seventies Mr Havens'idling health broaght the family to - Santa Barbara. The only son, now 19 years of age, was born on this ranch. There are three daughters, Mellie, Alice and Adel aide, all older, The family loves its home with extraordinary intensity, although its members lead a singalarly solitary life. Hfnylw it's nnreasonable to feel as we do.' says the dainty little 60-year-old mother, her thin imfr almost white, but her blue eyes imaimmwi, *but Fve always felt that people Imgfl tiwwr own ways and there own places in thiiwodd, audi can't bring myself to affil iate with those who are not of my land. It's better to live apart than to take up with a sort of society that doesn't belong to you.' Thk is said simply and honestly and with * out the least affectation by a plain little wo man in a calico gown, who makes no pretenses about her homely way of life. It is probable that this family knows more about the affairs of the great outside world than it knows, all bands Joined, about fuming. The girls care nofching for dress, but absorb over and over and contents of a few good books and mrc""""1-there axe few late numbers Hub latter-and they know volumes about the wild creatures and the plant life of the hills. nra»«, Ato, is the family which Tragedy entered in that eventful October. On Wednesday the 26th of the month, two dayB after the shocking suicide of young Martinez, the Havens* children, as they merrily call themselves-Mellie, Adelaide, and'Judge,* the boy-spent the day at some d«famo« from the house, perhaps a quarter of a mile away, with two gulches and a high hill intervening. They bad turned some young colts out to pastors for the first time pn^ rt.finpiifcit best to keep an eya on them for fmni fjh« a"""**1** m^ll: is their inexperience run into the barbed wire fence. In the shad ow o£ tbrae oaks and on a slight elevation above the brook the young people had es tablished what the? called their camp. This \- was merely a cleared place, with fenis grow ing wild about it, beds of iris planted here and there, and a tiny stone fireplace, where they could ma&e; a cup eoflfee when they atetheiivlnncheon. Kiey were accustomed to bri®^[ their sevring and books bene, and, whileone read aloud the others pliedtheir needles^ after the pleasant family custom. . tiigy , remained for the better partof the- day, until, as the shadows beganto lengthen, they started homew8fd«>ver;the, hilL ^ieyhad already crossed the little brook yiyi stated up the rise beyond ; one of diem, tagging behind the Mat, heard at sodden iMMtbttfl ItroAMiind.ii if some wild as ima! had suddenly sprutig lido It; She stopped ami listened, but Onfi Wu tod further sound, aiid they were IwpMing td | think it onlj imagination, when Judge et ; : "There's Anton !* 'It cant be, you must be mistaken/ they returned looking back and seeing no one. 'But he's there,' persisted the boy; he's right there behind that dump of brash.* And cure enough, Anton Oraerae, finding that hia presence was diaeorend, startled them by riling from behind a both, directly in the path they had just come and but a red below them. 'Hullo, old friend. How are you getting on ?' said the Indian, grinning at the boy. Judge was acquainted with Anton, who was known to aU the family. He had once chopped wood for an .Englishman who owns the adjoining ranch and had his camp there one winter. Anton was carrying a gun. a 32-calibef Martini, new and shining. He was very boastful of it, and showed it to the boy with great pride. He also ostentatiously consulted a brand new e»'Ter watch that he carried in his pocket. It afterwards transpired that both gun and watch had been stolen txom Hariy Borne, a young ranchman in ibe lia* nity. Tm thinty,' said Anton. 'You got any water here P* The boy went back with him to the stream which he must hare crossed to reach the po nt where they had discovered him. The Indian dmnk long and deeply. Then he wanted Judge to see him fire off his gun. He took aim at a tree, and hit it. 'I tell you it's a good gun. It's sure to kill, if it hits anybody,' grinned Anton. The girls waited above for the boy to re turn. They grew alarmed at bis long delay. Meanwhile Alice, who had been up at the house with her mother all day, was troubled because the others did not c >me b«ck. Now we will let Alice tell her etory as she recently related it on the epot where these events had their frightful termination. Alice Havens is a tall, well formed young woman, with brown hair and calm blue eyes. Her profile, now sharpened by ill health, shows strong character. fihe is an interest ing study in woman nature, the talks easily unconcernedly, but always truthfully and sincerely. Her life, lite her sisters, has been a strange one. Living close to a lively town, where much society-gathered from the ends of the earth-centers in the courso of every year, ehe has absolutely no knowledge of life. She has scarcely stepped outside of the mountain canyon in which she has lived since her first recollection. Hew brave she is this account will demonstrate. *1 came down and found the giris actually frightened,' explains Alice, taking up the thread of the narrative. 'They said Anton brother were coming down by the camp and Anton spoke and acted queer. 'I tefl you, he would kill anyone for 4 bite,' 2Killie said. 'Nonsense!' I said. 'He hasn't hurt any one along the road coming hen. [It after ward transpired that Oraerae had threatened the life of a young girLJ I toldthe^flM go down with Judge and they'd bettor go back to the house. 'So I went down there to where Judge and Anton were, You see, I didn't like the idea of his staying around on our land all night. He might start a fire, I thought, or he might take a notion to shoot one of our cattle. I thought I'd jnst go along the east canyon « ith him and brother and that would take him in sight of the road and when he saw that he'd wander off. Well, he was as nice and polite to me as could be. There were some bare in our path and when we came to them he let them down like agentleman and waited for me to go through. Then he said be was thirsty again. Be gave his gun to Judge to hold. We examined it. Judge and I,»nd we thought it was a real nice gun. *A little further we eame to his coat, lying on the ground. Hie picked it up and put it on. We afterward remembered that ft was j lying with the sleeve linings turned inside put, as a coat looks when a man has torn it off in a hurry. As he was putting it on he held the gun with the muzde under his chin. 1 must be careful,' he said. '53iafe the way my bitither held his gun when he got killed, by accident.' *We came along to where there was a big brush pile. To occupy ourselves and give him a hint that he'd better go we went to picking up chips. bome quail flew up. Judge told Anton he'd better shoot them. He replied no, be didn't want to waste any shots.' *iiM Havens adds at this point of her tale, speaking impressively: 'All the while he looked and acted to me, at I remember him now, like a man who had set out to do something he didn't like to do and vu {ratting if off as long aa possible. He didn't look wfj or malicious, and he was as sane a* I. We were on one side of the brush and he I On the Other. Bttd&nlyhe; eaaw MWUndand 1 pointed hie gun at Judge* *D# you know what I flame hmrn lor P* lie ?aid. You fellows kilted my faoftcrsod I'll kill you.' *f walked right between tbe gan and my brother.' 'Why did you do that ?' I ask«d, wonder ing if she vtould reply, a« any other girl would sorely hare dene, that she stepped between them to receive the diet intended for her brother and to save his life. I 'Why, I thought It would seare Itfrn to have me come up so near him,* answered the I giii, laughing softly at the absurdity of her idea as she remembered what followed, I said to Judge, lie's only fooling!* But now I think he intended to kill my brother first Mid then shoot me afterward. After thathe kept edging around. I kept' my eye oh him, I think he was faying to tet us t both within range* eeaa to kill us both with one shot.' After a few moments of this, I said to Judge: It's going to rain. Gome on, Judge; we mart pet home quick!' 'lion't you run!' Anton said. The girls voice was low and tense as she mimicked the menace of the would-be mur derer. cHe walked right toward me, taking aim. J I saw then he was really going for me. | Thinks I, 'I'll just get that gun away from him. Itiin'tnfe&rbimte; have it. Sol walked straight up to him. fie had the gun levelled, but I was pretty near, and I calcu lated that one step move Would bring the muzde past my face, and 1m couldn't hurt me then if he did fire, and rd get the gun. "I turned my head away as I saw him take aim and that eared my life.' Alice Havens turned her right side to me, , pointing to the ugly f car on her neck, two .aches back of her rightear, and below it at an angle of 45 degrees. All that side of her face is powder burned. The bullet carried off the top of the vertabrae and was probably for the moment paralysing. .Howdid you feet?' I asked. "I didn't feel anything. It didn't hurt ana 1 wasn't frightened. I fell like a log. 8®, there was no make-believe about that. £ fell ob my left side and so heavily that one of my front teeth broke off. Jfy brother says I gave one fearful groan. I didn't know it. I didn't know I was hurt. I didn't know why I fell. I didn't feel angry at Anton, only a queer sense of wonder that he should actually havo fired at me. JSo, I wasn't frightened at all. 1 had sense enough to think I must my eyes and make Anton think I was dead or el e he might finish me as I lay there. 1 didn't shut my eyes quite tight, they were just a little open and I could look through my lashes. He came and stood over me ""I looked down at me. X didn't seem to see any* thing else, the sky, or hills, or trees, or any* thing but just him standing there. Iam al* ways see him standing there when I shut my eyesagain, but I don't remember the least thing about how he looked, the one thing that impressed me was the way his rows of white teeth shone j he had ImHifnl white teeth like many of time Indians. Then he I walked slowly off, not hurrying at all, and re-loading his gun as he went. It was, one of the kind of guns that you only have to pull down a lever and unloiul. I saw him plainly as he went off1 because he climbed up the hill and I was lying with my free turned this way. . He gotta the wire fence that separates our land from our next neighbor'*, and he lifted the upper wire and went through it, as men do. lhen I watched him until he disappeared in the youngoak growth beyond. That hillside is beautiful and sunny and clothed with a fiar growth of light green fol iage; the last refuge, one would think that a murderer would choose. The spot where the girl was murdered. as she coolly ealls it, is in a beautiful little clearing, surrounded by tall oaks and the graceful mountain lilac, which here grows toa prodigious height. The grim associations of die place now invest it with horror to all the other membeni of the £unily except Alice who seems to view it merely as the scene of a very extzaozdinaxy and interesting experience. At the request of the writer the girl, without the least hesitation, ealmy laid down on the very spot and in thenroy position in which she Ml when tiw murderous shot atruck her, and was photographed lying there. 'Iuutyhavebeendasedby tbeBhot, but I wasn'tawamofit,* Alias went on. -Jfybnin eerteiniy worked as well aa it everdid in my life. I wasposaessed by just one thought, and that was how to get home. 'I was planning what to do while I watched him from under my eyelids. , I knew it wouldn't do to fay to go back past the vine yard, for Pd be in range of him and he sight see mound finish his work with another shot, i Bo I made up my mind to go beck by way of j tkeaam.flnfll0 moment he vu iolrf «gMI «6fc np<tt*6teeled l*dk tihetw^r/ What this girlmfltertookto do when " " indtftii resolve n&ds; explanation. p^i1ijr(iteniM^vdira^fpl*i)>t(¥a> 1 way, making i direct and £«ort est id lip house. " ®8f» hidtbywif rftheMJpM"11 to go directly away from the honse into lU shadow of dense woodsfend brash over m ground «be had lately traveled with the : who had just shot her, and where every and brash held associations with him. Ifc was quite possible that he might see her rise and pursue her, and if he had followed her into that lonely place of what avail would any outery have been? Measure the courage which saw what was wisest »id best sad chose this awful chance to the open read, which might in a tew moments have broaght her within call of Che rest. Meantime Judge, when be heard the shot saw Ins sister fall, aod heard her death groan, followed by the click of the Indian's gun as ifc was reloaded, had himself (hot, as if fired from a catapult, up the steep hillside leading toward the house. Those who in iHftlihrin** folly hare undertaken to make their way through the chaparral that elothes the foothills of the Coast Range will apprec iate the faet that the boy actually forcedhis way in an almost perpendicular direction, through a hundred feet or more of this dense interlaced growth, in the space of a few min utes.' The girl only knew that Judge had somehow dissappeared ' Coming slowly up the hfil I saw Judge's hat bobbing about in the bash*' explains Alise. * When he saw me he was the worst seared boy that ever lived. Yoa see ha thought I was dead, and it was my ghost coming to upbraid him for running away. When he realised I was really alive, he aaked me if I was hurt% ' 'No,' I said, for I didn't knew I was, seri ously. * Bnt who'd hare thought that villain would have shot me !* 'As we walked along we talked over how we would keep from frightening mother I meant to wash off the blood at the creek near the house, and then go up quietly and explain. But Millie came out, and I tried to send her back, wad she wouldn't go. Mother b»W her, white as a ghost, and frhe knew something had happened. Then father rtiinA in right* I didn't see Adelaide, and that frightened me. * * Where's Adelaide?' I asked father. ' ' 'She started up the vineyard after you.' 'Get her! Anton will shm>t her!' ' 'What makes you think BOT * *He shot me.' "No! Where?' ' 'Right there, in my neck.' * Father started off, and in a few moments came back, supporting Adelaide. Then we had the worst scare. We were sure Anton had killed her, but she wasn't hurt at -»JJL She had fainted from fright about me she heard the shot. ^ * I felt all right until about an hour after* ward. * I was sitting by the fireplace. A queer sort of feeling came over me. I told MHIi« to warm a brick, quick, and put it to my feet. Millie said, ' Why, what's the matter?' "* I don't know; my feet are cold, and I feel so queer,' I said.' She might well fed 'queer.' The bullet, which she had all the time imagined was in the top of her head, had passed through the back of her neck, carrying away the top of th« vertebrae. Her clothing was saturated with blood, from the neck of her dress to the hem, and there was a gory trail «l*mg the path by which she had reached the honas, yet after her father and brother hi for a physician, «he was the one to _ having warm water ready and soft old dotfc for bandages. It was a very dangerous wound. There was a time when her recov ery was in doubt- She lay in hex bed for days, and held on to ifc, as ahe says, to help endure the pain. She came back to life, bafr she may aenv again be in perfect heafth, un less her dear old mountains do for her wha$> man's drill has been powerless to accomplish. * I have 'nervouses' sometimes,' «h« ex plains cheerfully. 'You see there are twe nerves cut off behind my ear tiiere. All the nstof the week poaBes of armed men searched the hillB for Anton Orzeara, who ta generally Buppossed to have gone insane over his brother's] death. On Men day morning he was found dead in a deserted cabin that had once been occupied by his father, three milee from the Havens place. A shot had passed through his fore . head. Between his knee. was the gun, the trigger tied to his toe. It is said that there were no powder marks on his Case. Bid he oom mit suicide or was he murdered and by whom and why? These are some of the questions that people have been asking ever since. 