STMSLAHD. appeared /i atthieriew ^theat r e y Camber well — tlie Metropole — as Mer cy Mer rick in ' T h e N 6 W Magdal- en,' a cha racter in. which, she was seen during her engagement at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney. In mentioning the fact that Miss Janet Achurch and her husband, Mr. Charles Chai'rington, are the only English artists of any note 'who have ever acted at the Cairo Opera. House — that famous temple of amusement on which Ismail Pasha squandered so much money, and for the opening of which Verdi wrote 'Aida' — a London contemporary refers to a ren-irkabjje little episode in. connect-on, with the performance in question: In March, 1S92, 'Fedora' was being play ed as -one of a short series of four plays. In the act where Mr. diarrington -wa3 de claiming his despair ana behaving generally as a madman, the Capo d'Orc- iestra, an Italian, thinking the play was over, mo tioned to his orchestra to strike up pianis simo. There was xio musician present who understood English, consequently the mis take was more or less excusable. The effect on the actor may be imagined. With out dropping his role, Mr. Gfaarrington ap proached that ignorant conductor, politely requested him, in an undertone of fearful wrath, to 'drop it.' The conductor only smiled vaguely, evidently thinking that the last sentence was the climax of the play, and. still continued to gently wave his ba ton. Charrington strode yet nearer: 'You dog,' he hissed, 'if you don't stop that row I'll kick your head off.' Tben apparently some idea of his error dawned upon the Italian, for his smile gave way to a look ol horror, and he suddenly sUenced bis merry men. Charrington never dropped his role for a minute, and the audience were spell bound by his acting, little knowing the cur rent of comedy underlying the tenor of this particular portion of the play. \- Speaking of a conjunction of two theatrical lights, one of Which, as will be seen, has attained something of the dignity of a recognised statf, an American paper says: Mary Anglin has been engaged to play ingenue roles with Charles Rohlfs, during the latter's starring toiir in 'The Merchant of Venice,' 'Harwell,' and 'Sganerelle.' Miss Anglin is the daughter of the ex Speaker of the Can aid ram Parliament, and enjoys the distinction, tye are informed, of being the only child ever born ia t_e House of Parliament, at Ottawa, Canada. The late Miss Ada Cavendish (Mrs.. Frank A. Marshall),. the original Mercy Merrick, bequeathed her entire theat rical wardrobe to the Theatrical La dies' Guild for the use of ite mem bers. Mr. Beerbohm Tree, the; ^popular London actor, recently, as president of the Wolverhampton Literaiy Club, delivered an address on the character of Hamlet. In dealing with the question of his madness, Mr. Tree ex pressed the opinion, in opposition to that of so many erudite critics and commentators of Shakspere, that the Prince had simply 'put an antick dis position on,' to deceive those whom he did not trust, or whom he had an interest in. misleading-. The character was studied through the medium of the actor's prompt copy, the tradi tional directions in which, as Mr. Tree conceives, are the pest key to unlock the mystery of the tragedy. It was pointed .out that in 'To be, or not to be,' and in all his self com munings Hamlet is evidently sane. That, however, is.: by. no means an 'uncontrovertable statement Ham let's soliloquies just after his first, in terview with the ghost have afforded very plausible argument fif favor of the theory that henceforth his wits are to be' considered as more or less dis eased, consequent on the startling re velation which he has had from the supernatural world. Mrs. Langtry, it appeals, has been making a little professional capital out of her recent losses, and iii; no illegitimate way. . She was lately playing in Birmingham in apiece gall ed 'Grossip,' the heroine of. which' is called Mrs. Barry. There ijs a s-?§ne- where Mis. Barry is supposed toi,b'e- jOffering her husband, who has failed in business, all her jewels to save him: She enters laden with jewel cases, -which she ' hands ~ to her spou.se, who --quires, ''What is all. this?' to which Mrs. Langtry/ in her character, replied, 'My jewellery, or ?what is left of it.' ' But the next line is better still. . - .The husband says, 'But what on earth shall I do with it?' and the answer was, 'Sell it, pawn it,. I don't care, 'but .don't send it to rthe bank.' ' Miss Bessie Belwood, who has ac quired fame in other directions as well as on the music hall stage, and whose virtues and talents were much appreciated by that distinguished or nament of the British aristocracy, the -late Marquis of Ailesbury, was lately about to cross the Atlantic in order to join Mr. Tony Pastor's company. The Polish actress Madame Mod jeska, who has been playing a fare well season in New York, recently ap peared as Isabella in Shakspere's sel dom acted play of 'Measure for Mea sure.' Mme. Sarah Bernhardt has been ex pressing herself in very enthusiastic terms with respect to some of the performers on the English and Ame rican stage. Cynics perhaps may be disposed to think that in this matter the great French actress could well afford to be gracious, seeing that, as regards the very best of her profes sional brothers and sisters in England or the States, any serious comparison with herself is out of the question. At any rate this is what she says: Mr. Terriss, Ms. and Mrs. Tree are char ming;, but Miss Ellen Terry and Sir Henry Irving are perfect. Je les adore, especially i the former. What grace, what ease! It is not acting at all, btu the real character before one's eyes. In comedy she has not her equal — anyway, ia English-speaking countries; whilelrving, in certain emotional parts, it would be aard to surpass. Miss Ada Re_.a.n, of the United States, is charm- j ing also, as are many others; but I think Miss Marlow is the one who has the most : splendid career before her. As a young actress she has an irresistible -fascination, not often seen, and invaluable on the stage. Mr. Laurence Cautley, an actor who will of course be well remembered in Sydney, lately, inc-t with a painful ac cident. He was knocked down by a train in motion. A door of one of the compartments, which had been left open, struck him in the back, throw ing him across the platform, fractur ing two of his right ribs, and severely injuring his right arm. Mr. Cautley had been playing at the Strand The atre. His latest appearance in Syd ney- was in support of Miss Olga Nethecsole during her last season at the Garrick Theatre. The 'Trilby' fever, at least in its dramatic shape, is about to extend to Germany. Negotiations were lately on foot for a production of a theat rical version of Mr. Du Maurier'e novel in Berlin. * ? . . I The modern mania for curious sights ] does not stop short even at the grave, i as witaess the following par with re ference to the mortal remains of a long departed genius: It is forty- five years ago since PaganinI, the wizard of the violin, was buried at Ra venna, but when his grave was opened a short time ago to make some repairs, his face was in such a perfect state of preser vation that the family ordered photographs to be taken of it. It is a most gruesome and awful idea, but none the less, these photo graphs, which, it is said, will soon be for pale in the Paris picture shops, will, doubt less, be sought as great curios. It is now discovered that the lady whom Sims Reeves recently married wa/5,;Maxide- Rene, one of his pupils, who has gained '^considerable success on the concert stage. Mr. Charles. Santley has contradic ted the report that he is about to go on the variety stage. Mr. Conway, long a favorite actor. *-n the London boards, recently sailed ^for Australia, having been recommend ed to try a sea voyage for .the bene fit of his health. It is not unlikely that he will appear on the Australian etage. ^~ Mr. Wybert Reeve has found it ne cessary to jviite all the way from Ade laide to London to contradict a report of his death. As nobody could \have any particular desire to hear of that worthy gentleman's final exit, one na turally wonders who went to the trou ble of leaning _jjn on paper. , Sweden has accorded a hearty re ception to 'The Second Mrs. Tan queriy.' The piece was played for the first time at the Vats Theatre,' Stockholm, on October 14. - Paula Tan queray has indeed some affinities with the heroines who of late days have been most dear to the Scandinavian etage, though she does .' not exactly suggest the same kind of problems. 