[?] [?] Has no business in court. A briefless barrister, Money talks ! You should hear it in Parliament — £6 a week. Payment of members will bo upheld by tho Full Court, I think. ' That's what T CP.t, for mr nnino ooid tho small boy, as ho swallowed a dose of castor oil.' The break up of the drought was pre matura, The drought has been cracked, not broken up. 'Why did William Tell shudder when he shot the apple from his son's head ? Because it was an arrow escape for his child. Postmistress (Collector) : This letter is too heavy, it wants another stamp. Currawang woman : Why, that will oiako it heavier.' Michael Davitt is to hava a proces sion in Sydney. His programme is Sydney,^ Brisbane, Auckland, Perth, California, and Dublin. Epigram by Mr. Robert, Reid, M.L.C. (Victoria), 1 The people of this country were forced to wear cotton, although the country lived by wool.' Why do we want to remove the Par liamentary Allowance Act ? Because too many allowances are made in regard to Parliament already. The House of Commons b'olieves that the House of Lords is in a hole. Now that the now Speaker has bean elected, the Lords retaliates — the Commons is in a gully. A negro was put into tho witness-box, . and tho j«dge inquired if ho knew the nature of an oath. ' For certing, sir,' said the nigger ; 'if I swear to a lie I must stick to him.' New Zealand has passed 5,400 Acts, of which 4,000 havo been repealed. Four-fifths of the time of its legislators is thus devoted to undoing what its pre decessors have done. Magistrate : You are charged wftb taking a watch which hung in a jewel ler's shop window. Prisoner : The jeweller himself invited me to take it.. He had put a ticket on with these words ' A raro opportunity.' 1 The consumption of intoxicating liquors in this country staggers me,' exclaimed a temperance man in William street on Saturday night. ' Mo too,' gurgled a man in tbe guttor, who was trying to raise himself by the kerbstone. The Legislative Council can refuse to receive a large number of appoint ments to its chambers, whether endorsed by tho Governor or not. Tbero must then be an appeal to England by the At torneyrGeneral on behalf of the Govern ment. A priest has induced 400 engaged couples of French extraction, who were1 too poor to got married, to mulce their way from Michigan to the province of Quebec. He is providing each couple with a farm, and has decided to marry the whole 400 couples on a given day. Patrick Clare is a great lalker, isn't he ? He is. Wouldn't you liko to know as much as ho k^aws ? No, not exactly ; but 1 would like to i know as much as ho thinks ho knows. An amendment of the Upper Honso must originato in that Chamber, and then go through the Assembly, passing in both Housos by a two-thirds majority ifi both tho second and the third readings. Tho Bill must then bo sent to England, and must lio on tbe tables of the Lords and Commons for 30 days. It can even then bo rejected by tho Quten. A -good story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from tho public-houso by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. ' Wha aro you?' said the guid man, as the apparition roso before him from behind a bush. ' I am auld Nick,' was the reply. ' Come awa', man,' said ^ John, nothing daunted; 'gie's a shake o' ycr hand — I am married to a sistor o' yours.' Tho following railways, recommended by tho Public Works Committeo for construction 1n Now South Wales, havo so far shown an annual loss to tho ex- 1 tent stated : — Culcairn to Corowo, £8,023 ; Nyngan to Cobar, £3,588 ; Kiama to Nowra, £12,9G8 ; Lismore to Murwillumbah, £11,G95 ; Cootamundra to Temoro, £1,948 : Molong to Parkes and Forbes, £2,288 ; and Milson's Point oxtension, £11,173 ; total, £42,G78 per annum. 