THE MISSING MiN. « Didn't I tell you I Didn't I tell you !" cried Colonel Crocker exoitedly and triumphantly, as he flung down the Standard, in the Burleigh Club reading- room. " Spaight wasn't the sort of a man to commit suicide; and no man would commit suicide by putting his head, instead of his neck, on the rail. As they were crossing the line the Australian shot him from behind throngh the head and then laid the head on the rail that it might be crashed into pulp—as it was—and the bullet hole effaced. It was sharp of the dcctor to suspect this, and search for the ballet, which he found, d sharp," reiterated the Colonel emphatically, since praise of the doctor's sagacity was praise of his owe. " Poor devil!" said a young fellow named Griffiths, sympathetically. "Poor devil! Just when the luck had turned! They say he had backed Bully boy at 16 to 1 against, and had made an immense haul." " He'd have been welcome here," sneered Marsden. " You might paper the room with his I O.U's." ' Well, well; he could not have died at a better time," said the Colonel. All glanced up at him with looks of surprised inquiry. " He'll have so many sincere mourners," explained the Colonel. " Every creditor will grieve sorely that he wasn't spared to pay him." " He hadn't many others to miss him, anyway," 6aid the shocked and sympathetic Griffiths, to whom Spaiirht had owed nothing:. " The sole relativo at the funeral he hadn't seen for years." " Suppose the Australian was caught and made disgorge, and the brother in for the oof—would he pay up here, I wonder 1" speculated Marsden. As most of the fellows present held Speight's I.O.U.'s for greater or less sums lost at cards, the arrest of the Australian became a question of warm interest and debate of some bete. " He can't escspp," cried Marsden, positively. " Why not? Why couldn't he go under as Spot didf" " Why ? Because Spot had a long start, and Spot hadn't a bad squint, a broken noBe, and a livid scar across the right cheek. Why Cain himself couldn't have been marked more unmistakably 1" " Well they haven't got him yet anyway, and it's now ju3t a week since the murder. If they couldn't run him to earth when the trial was fresh they are not likely to do it now." " Pooh 1 The M inchester detectives are as du'.l and slow as 'the smoke from their chimneys. Bat Burett was sent down yesterday from Scotland Yard, and he'll soon ran him in, you'll see." "Til tell you what I don't see," piped a shrill-voiced captions youth named Skinner. " I don't see that it is so certain the Australian did it It's only circumstantial evidence after all." " Only circumstantial evidence! If y u found a chick in your egg, you'd say it was only circumstantial eviience that the egg wasn't laid this morning. Hare's the fellow this Australian—Bril, or Brough, or what even his name is—chums with Spaight in the same room in Manchester, goes to the course with him, is seen with him half an hour before the body was foand on the line, and has never been seen since. Didn't even return for his belongings to the rooms. Here is every man, woman, and child in the three kingdoms talking of him for a week, every newspaper for a week full of him, every dead wall plastered with £200 reward, and his photograph with his skew eyes, broken nose, and scarred cheek, but he never reads, hears, or sees anything about the matter, for be never comes forward to clear himself. Confound it, man! I don't know what you'd have; it's enough to hang an archbishop." "Bat suppose he sailei from Liverpool that night, or the next morning, that he woald have had no chance to see or hear anything of the murder," objected the contentions Skinner. " You haven't been reading your paper, my boy. Within an hour from the finding of the body a wire was sent to every seaport in Great Britain to erresfc any man answering to the Australian's description who attempted to embark." 4 1 It seems to me," piped the argumentative Skinner, "that you're proving too muoh. Why hasn't a fellow with £200 on his head, and marked as unmistakably as Gain, been discovered long ago! It's no one's interest to shield a total stranger and a brutal murder, while it is everyone's iftteeit to ywfcet £900; yet though, according to you, every child must recognise him, he's still at large." This Burleigh Club discussion, presently waxed warm and wild, was only an emphatic variant of the discussion which waB the chief feature in every newspaper and in every conversation throughout th« kingdom at this time. It was the dull season certainly; but this would not^nltogether suffice to account for the absorbing interest the public took in the Spaight murder. It was a singularly cold-blooded and atrocions murder to begin with, and there was a fascination or horror for a large class of readers in the penny-a-liner's gruesome description of the pulp to which the face of the murdered man had been reduced by the wheels of the express. But the interest of the public especially focussed upon the mysterious and miraculous disappearance of the murderer into space. The Australian, ai Marsden had SBid, was so peculiarly m irked that no one who had once seen his ftce c u'd ever forget it, and no one who hid once read a description of it could fail to recognise it; yet, though this description had appeared in every paper of the kingdom, and though every eye in the kingdom had been sharpened to identify it by the offer of £200 reward, he was still at large. The Manchester police were so far from deserving Marsden's disparagement that they had acted with exemplary promptitude an 1 penetration. They had no sooner identi- fied Spiight as the murdered mm than they suspected Brough of his murder, and telegraphed their suspicion and the Australian's description to every seaport in Great Britain and to every station of importance. Every train that left Manchester about the time of the murder was scrutinised at the first station where the telegraph could overtake i*; while every train left the city after the discovery of the' body was narrowly examined from end to end by po'icemen in plain clothes. In Manchester itself almost every street was placarded with a portrait of Brough, printed from a photograph found in his rooms, with a detailed description of his height, complexion, bearing, &c.;, and wuh an tffor of £200 reward for such information as would lead to his apprehension. All in vain. Even the nsual " clue " failed to be reported from the postoffice or in the evening papers; and the local police were at their wit's end when the wily Barrett was sent down to their assistance from Scotlatf3~Tard. Barrett, having examined exhaustively every witness who had appeared at the inquest, and every article that had been left in the- lodgings of the suspect, proceeded to make a minute examination cf the scene of the murder, and of its immediate surroundings. He searched especially and in all directions—not the roads, but the fields which radiated from the spot where the corpse had been found, and was rewarded at last by what seemed a significant clue. He found lying in a ditch such a soft white felt hat as the Australian had habitually worn, where he had probably discarded it as too noticeable and identifiable. It had not apparently occurred to him that to be batless was yet more noticeable, though not so identifiable. Barrett proceeded next to make a house-to-house inquiry whether a hatless man had been 6een to pass on the night of the murder, and was again rewarded by another clue. A neighbouring farmer informed him that a hat'ess collier, on strike and a tramp, had been found by hitncowering near the fi:e box of his threshing-machine engine—-probably for warmth—on that very night, and at about an hour or so after the time calculated for the murder. " Had he a broken nose ?" asked Barrett, eagerly. " N<y, aw couldn't tell whe'er he had or no. It wor on tbe edge o' dark, tha knaws, and he himself wor as dark as a nigger. A man mud as weel wear a mask as a black face, an' yo' can only tell one collier fro' another BS yo' can toll one lump of coal fro' another, by its siee." " Was there any coal near the engine V asked Barret sharply. " Ay, there wor a o'slaok for firing t' engine next day." " By George!" cried Barrett, turning to the constable who accompanied him. "He's an old nnl He is that! He blackened his face with the slack both as a mask and to pass for a collier driven on tramp by the Btrike! Where did he make for after you turned him out 1" "Nay, aw ne'er tamed him oat, puir chap. He said he had tramped fro' Wales, an' wor bahn for Liverpool to seek wark. His wife an' childre' he'd left in Wales, fair clemmed, he said." "Clemmed ?" asked Barrett of the con* Stable. « that Ji, 1 ' he replied " He's an old 'un 1" reiterated the London detective with renewed and increased admiration. " Did he talk like a collier?" "Nay, he talked outlandish. He wor noan Lancashire, tha knaws." " Ay, I know that well enough. Did he spend the night here ?" " Nay, he wor goan when aw corned aht wi'some vittles to gi'e him." Having ascertained by'further questioning that the supposed tramp was about the Australian's height and age, and waB fairly dressed as far as the fading light allowed the farmer to see, Barrett informed him of his suspicion, wbich waB now almost a certainty, of the identity of the trespasser with the murderer of Spaight. " Two hundred pounds ! By gam!" oxclaimed the farmer, and stood staring and blinking with open mouth, wide eyes, and woebegone visage, rooted to the spot long after the detectives had disappeared round a turn in the road. " He's still tramping the country as a collier on strike," pronounced Barratt, confidently, to the local detective. " It's the very best disguise of his broken nose and scarred cheek he could possibly assume, and he'll not drop it till the hue and cry is over. We've only to wire to all stations to look out for a tramping collier with a broken nose and a scarred right cheek, and we shall have him within a week." Hurrying headlong back to Manchester, they set the wires working, and within leBS than an hour from their discovery of the clue every police station in the kingdom waB on the qui vive to follow it. Bat, as no police officer was ever more on the qui vive for a clue than a Press man for news of a clu p , I need hardly say that every evening London paper of the day following contained three or four telegrams announcing Barrett's discovery of an important clue over and over again in slightly varying formB of words. This news fanned into renewed flames the smouldering interest and discussion in the Burleigh Club, where the Colonel sneered at it, Skinner questioned it, Marsden rejoiced over it, while Griffiths (who had a feminine idea that he had a special interest in the matter because his cousin was on the eve of sailing for Australia), wavered feebly between these con* fiicting views. For the two days following the papers were blank, but on the evening of the third the fifth edition of the Hesperus was sold in tens of thousands by the telegram from its alert Manchester cor* respondent: " Arrest of Brough in a farmhouse near Manchester." Great was the exultation of Marsden, who stood to win a tidy sam by the conviction of the Australian for the murder; but Skinner, who pronounced the telegram bogus, had his innings two hours later, when the "Bellman" printed a "Stop- Press " edition with the disappointing newt: " The man arrested this morning in a farmhouse near Manchester, under the suspicion of being Brough, the Australian, who is wanted for the murder under atrocious circumstances of the late Mr. William Spaight, turns oat to be a Wel6h collier, named Owen Jones, on bis way home from Liverpool, whither he had tramped in a vain search for work, of wbioh the 'coal coal strike at home had deprived him. How tbe police came to make such an inconceivably stupid blunder remains to be explained. Jones had not a single one of those marks of identifi. cation of which tbe pnblic have beard so mnch and so often—neither a cs*ie in his eye, nor a scar on bis obeek, nor a broken nose. If no other explanation of this blander is forthcoming, bat the crass stupidity and ineptitude of the local police, even when reinforced by the sagacity of tbe astute Mr. Barrett, then the escape of so marked a man as Brough becomes at last intelligible." The only explanation forthcoming was that the farmer, who had supplied Barrett with his clue, sent a special messenger to the police station that morning announcing that Brough was in his house, and would be detained there till officers - arrived to arrest him. The officers on their arrival found a man as little like the Australian as possible, who, however, was certainly tha hatlees oollier that had stopped in the farmer's premises for rest and warmth on the night of the matder. He explained his being batlesB by his having hidden some potatoes he had stolen and roasted on the embers of the engine fire in his hat when he heard the farmer approach. Next day all England was laughing at the wily Barrett's mare's nest; bat, as they laagh who win, nobody foand the detective's failure so entertaining as Skinner* who stood to pocket a fair sum by tha escape of the murderer. Bat Skinner's laugh died out later when Griffith's stag* gered into the olab and called for brandy. "What's tbe matter! What has hap* pened 1 Yoa look M U JOB had atop % §bwt. M 1 GriffiihSt who had staggered to the neatest oTiatr, oTily nodded, until he had taken a great gulp of neat brandy, when he gasped, " I have J" " You have 1 You have what f" " I have seen a ghost—his ghost!" "Whose ghost? What the devil has happened 1" " Spayjht —I've seen Spaight's ghost as plain as I pee yon." " Here, that will do ! You've had quite enough of that," eaid Marsden, taking the glass out of his hand. ' 41 I'm not drank, and I've not imagined It. I saw him as plain as I see you there." As the lad was evidently neither drunk nor dreaming, they waited breathlessly for his tale. He said he had just been to the docks to see his couBin on board the Australian liner Tasmania. Having gone with him on board and stayed to see his quarters, and have a farewell talk, he quitted the ship only at the last bell. Jusfc as he was leaving it, Spaight absolutely rushed by him on board by the same gangway. He had no more doubt of its being Spaight or his ghost than he had of bis own existence. He shouted after him twice " Spaight!" and he turned round instinctively, but Instantly averted his face and dived down "into the cabin. Then Griffiths bad to clear the gangway, but he stood for some time on the quay, staring after the Tasmania as she glided out into the river, and must have said aloud what was in his amazed mind : " It was Spaight and no one else," for a man beside him, who had watched the scene of the encounter on the gangway, asked, " Who did you say, sir, that man was ?" " Spaight, the man who was supposed to have been murdered by Brough." "Phew I Are yon quite sure, sir?" " Quite." Then, having explained that he was a detf ctive, who had gone on bond to look ont for Brough, "he asked," continued Griffiths, " for my name and address. What is the meaning of it, boys i" They were in the middle of the discussion about its meaning when a police inspector called'to carry off Griffiths to the Tasmania—which had been stopped by telegraph further down the river—for the identification of Spaight. He took with him not only Griffiths but the Colonel and Skinner, and explained to them his theory of Spaight's reeurreotion. " HA'S the man that's wanted, gents; not Brough," as thongh the only people wanted in this world were those " wanted" by the police. " Spaight done Brough; not Brough, Spaight. He shot the Australian, exchanged clothes,with him, and then kid his head on the line that his face might be smashed up into pulp. The body was identified as Spaighl's only by the clothes and the papers in their pockets; and it's my belief, gents, that it was something in thom papers that started Spaight for Australia." It was the failure of the police to find a nan so identifiable as Brongh no less than Grifflths's identification of Spaight which suggested this theory to the inspector, •while Spaight's embarrassment and shady antecedents made it probable to the Colonel and Skinner. None of the three clubmen relished the idea ot being the immediate means of bring- ing his old clnb mate to the gallows. But Bpaight's suicide on board the Tasmania tipon learning the rrason of the arrest of the vessel in the river spared them this ordeal; That he committed the murder teas beyond a doubt, and his reasons for committing it were hardly less doubtful, eince it was discovered that he had lost as heavily as he was supposed to have won at the races. 