A SENSATIONAL INCIDENT. [BY GABLE MU6SAGB.] LONDON, Juoe 4. an incident of a most sensational character lias occurred at Madrid. -White the Marquis d'Eflteala, Governor of Madrid, was holding lua midday reception yesterday, he was fired at and wounded by Captain Clavijo, an In* fantry officer io the Spanish Army. The Governor's aide-de-camp, who wltoeeeed the occurrence, took prompt action, and out down tbe assailant with hie vabre. Captain Clavijo has since been tried by court-martial, and condemned to he fihot. It appears that the outrage was the result of a difference between the two with regard to a lady. LONDON, June 5. Captain Clavijo, who fired at, and wounded, tbe Marquis d'Esteala, the Governor of Madrid, was shot yesterday in accordance with the sentooce of the court-martial. GHOST SCABE.-The people of Singleton have been much scared of late by eome mys> terious light* appearing in a paddock close to town after nightfall. Some years ago a man named Vickery, having a large sum of money in his possession, suddenly disappeared, and never was heard of agaiu. These lights appear whero he waB last seen. On Friday night last a large party gave chase to the lights, wbioli moved aB they approached, walking as they did, and running or stopping as they aid, then suddenly vanishing. So far the mysteiy has not been revealed, though large parties go out nearly every night on toot and horseback to try to unravel it. LIGHT IN RAILWAY CARRIAGES.-Travellers on the Queensland Railways-which are lighted at night precisely as they were thirty years ago-will appreciate the followiug ac count of how the South Australian railways are lightedIn the course of an interview with a Herald reporter in Melbourne, Major Panghorn, President of the World's Transpor tation Commission, from America, remarked; -"On the South Australian railways they have got a system of electric lighting that & better than anything we have seeu anywhere in the world. They have succeeded in work ing their electric lighting on the cars by means of a dynamo ruo from the axle. We in America do it by a dynamo run from the engine, and worked by Btcatn. Hut our plan, you sec, takes steam from the engine, and so JesBene Its power for actual work, lu South Australia this is avoided, and the motive power of the revolving axles, which wonld otherwise be Inst, is employed to work the dynamo. It is bimply splcunid. And that is not all we learned about electric lighting on. traius in South Australia. It is a wonderful system of electrio accumulation they have there. On the train from Adelaide to Ifmken Hill, for fiisfanci*, the journey heing it nigh the electric li-iht in on all the lime. Well, on the way back from Brokeu Hill to Adelaide, this journey being in the day, electric energy i« being stored up, and enough is stored to light t li«» fraiu on its return journny;fiom Ade» laid*; to Menken Hill, without »wy clcetiiciun being iu ul.tcndunco to look atioi iv f) that lll"V daw* ill" 'XpWIBi'Of H1> olpl'triei'W HrcomI j.nin.y iliey tiuik-. 1/ electricity I)>?« m)>i> m i-> icm.ii.i i,t>. »*. pHnaivr than kurosine, and the light they get ia tliu best light I ever eaw on a oar." ONK Box OF Of.AKKIt'rt Hil PlliLft t* var* ranted to euro all dischargee from tho Urinary Organ*, in cither sex (aoqulred or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in boxen, 4b fld cacti, by all Chemists and I'atent Medicine Vendors, Sole Proprietors, The Lincoln and Midland Counties l)rug Go., Lincoln, England* 