1 THE DISTRICT. Hillston. (from our own correspondent. ) A fixture which, judging by the success uttendiug the efforts of the promoters, is likely to becomo permauent, was opened last Friday. I allude to the cake ami flower fair held at the Club House Hall iu aid of tho stipendiary fund of tho Church of Eng. land. By request, Mr R. W. Stewart kindly consented to perform tho opening ceremony, aud after stating the objcct in view by tlie ladies promoting the gathering, proceeded to illustrate the social aud in tellectual advantages to bo derived by one being occasionally brought face to face with the heuutics of nature. Tho hall, which was nicely decorated with ferns and ever greens, forming a background to the stalls laden with mauv hucd chrysanthemums and pot plants, presented the appearance of a miniature temple of Pomoua, whilst the ladies presiding might easily have been mis. taken for attending nymphs of the Romau goddess. Tho exhibits were supplied by Mesdamcs Wright, of Langlca, Cuinmings (Tocabil), McPhcrson (Hunthawang), and tho Misses Evans, of Mcrrowie ; flowers, fruit, and vegetables being also forwarded from Moruuglo aud Cowl Cowl stations. As the blooms oxhibited were not shown for I tho purposes of prize taking, but merely as I au attraction and practical aid to the obicct I in hand, it would bo invidious to mako comparisons. It is quite sufficient to say that cach stall was greatly admired, and to the great majority of those present, proved a revelation us to what can be dono here in tno way oi norcicuituro, wnere only a tow : years ago most of us wore content with 1,4 warrigal cabbago.' Besides the abovo mentioned ladies who wero in attendance, tho Misses Jackson and Palmer had the caro of tho confectionery stall, and it must have boon very gratifying to all tho ladies concerned to find upon termination of the fair, that their efforts had resulted in tho handsome return of £30 nott. One good result (apart from the obiect iu viow upon tho present occasion) that should bo tho outcome of tho lato fair, is, that we havo all tho material at hand for tho formation of a Horticultural Society. As I have re marked before, tho varioty and admirable sietlmensonexhibitionworca revelation, and if such can bo produced as was the case by tho ladies, in question, how much greater would be tho healthy rivalry amongst all if such a sooiety was formed, and prizes ad judged to tho best in their different elasscs. The idea is worth considering, and I commend it to tho attention of tho ladies, who may induce their male relatives to take tho subjeot up. A return match between elevens Married v. Single again resulted in a win for the latter, this time by 19 runs, and yet, like the horseleech's daughter, they are still un satisfied. Cortaialy, they had all the worst of the luok, if it is luck, to bo bowled for tho dreaded blob. Woll, it's the uncer tainty of the gamo that provos its greatest charm, so if the benedicts have the hardi hood to tacklo their opponeuts once more, ; let us all hope fortuno will smile upon them at the third time of asking. Tho gamo waa commenced by tho singlo men going to the wiokets, and not departing until they had totted up 75, a tally the married team thought quite within their ability of over topping. Evonts, however, proved that they were mistaken, for their last wicket fell with the score at 56. The remarkable feature of tho innings wao that Tom Pearce wus tho only player to mako any lengthened stand; in fact, if Tom could have got any ono to stop with him, 1 believe he would be thore yet, for, going in first, he carried out his bat for a well made 42, without giving the ghost of a chance ; tho other nino wickets, with sundries included, contributing 14. I must not omit to add that although unsuccessful iu scoring nwnv runs, some of tho team adopted stonewall tactics (notably Hicks and woodall), being content to keep their end up, and let Tom score. The match was productive of good humor, und keen excitement towards the latter end, as it was hoped that as the shadows were lengthening, it would result in a draw for want of time. No further information is to hand with regard to the Gilgunnia field, but word is expected to be brought into town to-morrow ( Wednesday) by some who will arrive from there. Partios aro still being organised, unf. proceeding to tho locality, but I am of the opinion that nothing really definite can bo known as to the value of the field, until sufficient stone has been raised, and a crushing takes placo. Practical men, how ever, seem to havo great faith in its future. 