CURRENT TOPICS. iTilsiiE ii not a' than worthy of tho name ih this colony who. can read without shame and indignation the story of last night's pro ceedings at the Gaiety Theatre. An organised band of abodt 60 ruffians, bad been dexterously distributed in little clumps about the house to interrupt the address which Sir Henry Parses had been announced to deliver. When it was disoov'ored that tho venerable leader was kept away from tho meeting by the direst concoivable domestic calamity— the loss of his beloved wife— theso miserable beings, incapable alike of sympathy with sorrow or of reverence in the very presence of death, howled and hooted, and shouted ribald insults' with all tho lung power they display in pothouse riots. Finally the meeting rose in its strength and put them down, but not before they bad displayed a unique proficiency in blackguardism;) Is it possible that tho Premier's friends think that this kind of oondnct will assist his candidature ? Surely they must know, if they have any sense at all, that the one way to alienato the sympathy and lose the aBsistnnsa of men of British blood is to deal unfairly with your opponont. Every brutal intuit levied at the absent candidate last night will coat rho Premier a dozen vpteB at least next Wednesday, when it will pro bably be found that the misconduct of his supporters has put the finishing stroke to hjs careor as a metropolitan representa tive. Apparently Mr; Reid is already, afflicted with a premonition of .doom, sln'co ho is raising that aoensation of unfair fighting which is tho almost invariable lament of the defeated. Last night during his North Shore doiiveranee ho conjured up the old, old ghosts of " pooplo who wanted to voto for him- bat wore constrained to vote against him "—of tradesmen who would lose their cuetomors, of officials who would forfeit thoir employment, and of debtors whom their creditors would harass, unless they deserted the cause of the Premier. It ie not at all likely that Mr. Reid believed a scrap of any one of those statements, and it is qnito certain that they are not oredited by anybody also. Tho King Division of Sydney is not on English oounty town, where one or two influential people can drive the remainder It ia the central part of a capital city, and the majority of its voters are, entirely beyond tho roach of personal inffnonco of any kiod. Even if they were not, the sooresy of tho ballot protects their votes, and the British obstinaoy which is a prominent Australian characteristic would impol them to resist dictation. If tho communications on ths subject which Mr. Reid professes to have received were genuine he might ensure his own return and the utter discomfiture of his opponents by nailing tbora on some accessible street hoarding. The real truth is that he fears a tumble, and is strewing a lop of litter about to ensure him a soft fall. It is not at all seemly tbat corporation officials should take prominent positions in political contests. Thoy are the paid ser vants of persons of all shades of opinion, and have no right to use the influence they derive from tho entire com munity by which thoy are employed, in favor of any ' one' ' part of it. This is a principle very generally and voty properly observed. Last night . this wholesome observance was violated by tho city surveyor, who supported a vote of confidence in the candidatnro of Mr. Alderman Harris, and thns infringed . the neutrality expectod from persons in bis position. The ratepayers wonld do well to mark their disapproval of any condnct of this kind, and to insist that no sides should be publicly taken by ths officials whom they employ. A profosaionei man who accepts a position wherein he is responsible to the whole body of . the rate payers must not throw to any one Bide the weight that he derives from their all-ronnd support. Upon close examination a labor member's platform is seen to. be pretty much like a crow's nest, a conglomeration oi stiokB and straws and all manner, of lnoongruous materials jnmbled together anyhow.' The labor candidate far the Lang electorate fur nished a pretty specimen of this kind of archi tecture for the inspection of his auditors laBt night. He is an outrand-out. free-trader, and ie in that capacity ready' to buy any commodities he wants of. a' Chinese or a Hindoo, or whoever will soil most cheaply. Bat he wants all Government works carried out' in this country, and no one is to be em. ployed on ,any public contracts excepting electorsiof New,, South alee.- How. are these points to be irecouoiled ? Surely what is right for the. individual cannot be wrong for the State. If tha individual is justified in buying goods tnada by an East London sweater, ' and having them cloaned by a Chinese laundryman, the representatives of that individual can hardly go wrong in importing iron pipes, front English foundries, and in giving work to immigrants from other colonics. Tho labor party at the laBt election bow that tbe position was itntenablo and gave it up. The proposition about the Government workB was omitted Lorn the programme. The aspirant for the votes of the Lang electorate knows a better trick, apparently; and has restored it, which is a Striking proof oi the dtsoipline and unanimity of the party he adorns. . In Groat Britain the labor party is losing ground. John Burns has hbe'n ro-electo for Battorsea, it ie true, but with a majority of only 259 — less'thah half of that' by which he was returned at the last general election— while Keir Hardie .has been rejected altogether at Wost Ham, where ho was .in a minority 'of 775 votes. Mr. Hardie's loss will be borno by Par liament with ' equanimity. He is able, honest, and well-meaning, but hopelessly ec centric, and given to ostentatiouo disregard of ordinary observances. There was no abso lute necessity ior his persistonce in going to tho Houso of Commons ih a Glengarry cap, with a red Bash in lieu of a waistcoat. Nor wero these sartorial vagaries compensated by any special gift for legislation, in which respect bis successor can hardly be of less valne. Tho 'decline in the inflncnce of John Burhe, a man of lofty charactor and modorate views, is, howevor, to be regretted. But the les son of tho figures is perfeotly plain. It ia that. Jthe working class voters see that thera is no magic in the working man representa tive, and that a labor candidate may be but a poor exponent of labor's interests. It this truth iB pressed home by the rejection of members who have been found wanting and the selection oi men by reason of their fit. ness rather than their(statlon in life, tha election will have been produotiyo oi great public benafit. 