KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XVII.—(Continued.) Lady Dangerfield had trodden on her worm so long that she had forgotten even worms sometimes turn. She had gone just a step too far. The purple hue of rage left his face ; it turned a ghastly yellow. He folded his small arms across his small chest, he planted his small feet resolutely on the carpet, and he stood and looked at her. " You mean to go, then, Lady Dangerfield ?" " I mean to go, a surely as you stand there, Sir Peter Dangerfield." " In this disgusting dress ?" " You called it disgusting once before. I don't perceive the disgusting. It's a beautiful little dress, and I expect to look lovely in it." " You mean to go to this disreputable woman's house ?" " You said that before also, Sir Peter. Don't let Mrs. Everleigh hear you, or she may bring action against you for defamation of character. Her husband was a brute, and she had to leave him ; nothing very uncommon in that—most husbands are. She has her own fortune, and she enjoys herself in her own way. I suppose it is infamous for a woman who has ever had the misfortune to marry to presume to enjoy herself after.'' '' You mean to go to Mrs. Everleigh's mas- querade! You mean to go in male attire !—you, the mother of two children !—a woman thirty-five years of age !" That was too much. Lady Dangerfield might have endured a great deal ; but this last insult— this cold-blooded mention of her age—no, she could not stand that. What right- feeling woman, indeed, could? " You little wretch!" cried Sir Peter's wife ; and for a moment the words, and the tone, and the look, brought Katherine Dangerfield, and the conserva- tory, and six years, back vividly before him. " How dare you use such language as that to me? If I never meant to go, I should go now. Five and thirty, indeed ! I deny it ; it is a base falsehood ! I shall not be thirty-one until next birthday. And I shall go to Mrs. Everleigh's, and I shall go as a page, just as sure as Thursday night comes !'' ''And with Major Frankland, Ginevra?'' '' With Major Frankland — a gentleman at least, who does not insult ladies to their faces by odious falsehoods about their age. Thirty-five, indeed ! I have no more to say to you, Sir Peter Danger- field, only this— I shall go !'' ''Very well, Lady Dangerfield''—he was yellower than ever — he was trembling with passion; ''then hear me. If you go to Mrs. Everleigh's as page to that man's knight, then — remain with Mrs. Ever- leigh — don't come back here. I have endured a good deal ; I will not endure this. Go if you will ; I shall not lift a finger to prevent you ; but— don't come back. Scarswood is mine ; the mistresses of Scarswood have been honorable women always ; you shall not be the first to dwell beneath its roof and disgrace it — that I swear.'' For once in his life he was eloquent, for once in his life be was dignified. He rose with the occasion : in that moment you would almost have respected him. He turned and left the room. His wife stood petrified. Was she awake — was she asleep? Was this Sir Peter Dangerfield ? Could she believe her senses ? There was a second auditor to this marital outbreak-- — an auditor who stood almost as surprised as my lady herself. It was Miss Herncastle, who had entered, in the full tide of the discussion, and had stood, not seeming to know exactly whether to go back or go on. My lady turned and saw her now. ''Miss Herncastle !'' she cried, in haughty anger. '' You — and listening ?'' ''Not listening, my lady,'' Miss Herncastle answered, meeting her angry eyes steadily. "You told me this morning when the doublet was completed to tell you, and let you try it on. It is finished, and, obeying orders, I came in search of you at once." For Miss Herncastle had been ordered to desert the school- room latterly, and turn seamstress in gen- eral to my lady. And it was Miss Herncastle who, with boundless taste and good nature, had suggested the two costumes, and produced a little painting of Lara and Kaled. The Major and Lady Dangerfield had both been charmed with the idea. The Major was now up in London selecting his costume, and Miss Herncastle had ridden into town with my lady; silk and velvet, lace and feathers, had been purchased, the governess and my lady's maid had since sewed, sewed, sewed night and day. Miss Herncastle had such taste, such clever fingers, and was altogether a miracle of dexterity and cheerful- ness. Lady Dangerfield's ruffled plumage smoothed again. ''So I did- And it is ready? But Sir Peter objects so strongly — is so disagreeable — still I must run up and see it.'' A faint, derisive smile dawned upon the face of the governess, as she stepped back to let my lady pass her. ''And when you do see it— trust me to persuade you to wear it. It will be an easy task, despite the counsel of a hundred husbands.'' That was what that slight chill smile said plainly enough, as she followed my lady to one of the upper rooms. The dress lay spread upon a bed— a shining vision of carmine silk, white ostrich plumes, gold braid, and black velvet. My lady's eyes lifted up like black diamonds, as she lifted the separate articles that composed the costume and held them up to glisten in the sunlight. Millinery was the one thing of all things earthly, that most closely appealed to this woman's soul. ''Oh ! —'' a long inspiration. "Miss Herncastle, your taste is perfect — perfect ! I never saw any thing so lovely. And to think that preposterous little baronet says I shall not wear it. Delphine, take your sewing into your own room — I am going to try this on.'' Exit Delphine with a courtesy. My lady sinks into a chair. ''Do my hair, Miss Herncastle,'' she says, impatiently ; ''I shall try it on at least.'' Miss Herncastle's deft fingers go to work. Embroidery, costume- making, hair-dressing — nothing seems to come amiss to these deft white fingers. ''Now, my lady. No, don't look in the glass yet, please. Let me dress you; when everything is on, then you shall look and see the effect.'' And then Miss Herncastle set to work in earnest, my lady aiding and abetting. She had locked the door; profound silence, befitting the importance of the moment, reigned. Silken hose, buckled shoes, little baggy silken unmentionables, a doublet of car mine silk, all aglimmer with gold cord, and lace, and sparkling buttons ; a little black velvet cloak, lined with deep rose-red, seeming but a brighter shade of the carmine, clasped jauntily a little to one side, and tbe one end flung back over the shoulder ; a little black velvet beret or cap, set on one side of the black hair, a long ostrich plume sweeping over the shoulder and fastened at the side by a diamond aigreete ; a tiny rapier set in a jewelled scabbard— that was the radiant, sparkling vision my lady's glass showed her. In all her life she had never looked so nearly beautiful as in this boyish travesty —in this glowing carmine silk, and lofty plume and black velvet. ''Oh !'' She said no more — only that one long drawn breath. She stood and contemplated the picture in silent ecstasy. ''It is perfect— it is beautiful!'' Miss Herncastle murmured ; ''I never saw your ladyship look half so well in anything before. It will be the costume of the ball.'' ''It is lovely — lovely !'' my lady responded, still staring in an ecstasy ; ''but Miss Herncastle, I have already told you Sir Peter has taken it into his imbecile head to object — to absolutely forbid. He calls the dress disgraceful — nonsense — and Mrs. Everleigh disreputable. And you have no idea how disagreeable and how obstinate Sir Peter Dangerfield can be when he likes.'' Miss Herncastle smiled again — that slight, chill, unpleasant smile. ''Have I not ? But I think I have. Men have peculiar notions on these subjects, and with a man like Sir Peter, it is much easier to let him have his way than to do combat. They never yield an inch.'' ''Give way. That means to give up the idea of the ball — to submit to be tyrannized over — not to wear this exquisite dress ! Miss Herncastle, do I hear you aright ?'' 'You hear, but you do not understand. Of course you go to the ball — only — let Sir Peter think you don't. It will be easy enough to deceive him. It may involve a few falsehoods, but your ladyship will not stickle at that. You go to the ball in peace — and he goes to bed in peace, and what he never knows will never grieve him.' ''But how is it to be done?'' Miss Herncastle paused a moment in deep thought, her brows knit. ''In this way,'' she said, ''Write to Major Frankland in London, and tell him when he returns to Castleford, on Thursday evening, to remain in Castleford, at one of the inns, instead of coming to Scarswood. It is as much on his account as on account of the page's dress that Sir Peter objects. You can tell Sir Peter, if you choose, that you have given up the idea — that Major Frankland has been detained in town. He will not believe it, of course, but when the night arrives, and he does not return, and he sees you retire for the night he will. Once in your room, you dress, of course ; bribe the coach man to drive you quietly to Mrs. Everleigh's, and wait the breaking up of the ball. At Mrs. Everleigh's you meet the major ; he can keep quiet in the town all the following day, and in the evening come here as though direct from the station. You will have enjoyed the ball, and Sir Peter be none the wiser.'' My lady listened in calm approbation, undisturbed by conscientious qualms of any kind. ''A famous idea, Miss Herncastle,'' she said, as the governess ceased. ''What a head you have for plotting and taking people in. One would think you had done nothing else all your life.'' Miss Herncastle received the involuntary compli- ments with becoming modesty, that faint, derisive smile creeping for a second or two around her handsome mouth. But she was busy removing the page's attire, and my lady did not see it. '' If you write to Major Frankland at once, my lady,'' she said, ''I will take your letter to the post office myself, and he will get it in time to-morrow. It will simply be doing a kindness to Sir Peter to keep him in the dark about the ball ; his imaginary troubles about ghosts are quite enough for him at present.'' She placed writing-materials before my lady, and my lady, in her spiderly Italian tracery, dashed off a page or two to the major, apprising him of the facts of Sir Peter's unexpected disapproval and Miss Herncastle's clever plan. Before it was signed and sealed, Miss Herncastle, in hat, jacket, and parasol, stood ready to take it into town. It would be a long, hot, dusty walk, but what sacrifices will not friendship make ? She took the letter, put it in her pocket, and left the room and house. (To be continued.) 