IRISH WITCHES, SPELLS, AND CHARMS- BY AN IRISHWOMAN. The horrible case of witch burning at Clonmel has come as an extraordinary surprise, not only upon the civilised world at large, but upon those Irish people who would have said they knew the ins and outs of peasant superstition in Ireland. That superstition of various kinds is widespread wei all know ; but hitherto we have believed that it only took gentle forms, and have been tender to it, hoping, indeed, that the Catholic priests in Ireland would not be too zealous to root it out. Its manifestations we looked upon with something of the same tenderness with which we regard the exquisite legends that have sprung up everywhere about the footsteps of the saints, and would have said that the world from which the peasant superstitions had disappeared was a. baser, uglier, more unlovable world. The priests, no doubt, took much the same point of view, and had no conception of the horror lurking in darkness in such minds as those of Bridget Cleary's torturers. Irish Catholic prayer-books include even to-day in their table of sins for the examination of conscience the usingf of spells, or charms to find things lost, or to learn things to come ; but I doubt that anyone lias thought the matter of much importance hitherto. The procedure in the case of Bridget Cleary was exactly that supposed to be used in the case of fairy changelings. To hold the changeling above the fire on a shovel, or to thrust a red stick down its throat, is the drastic method proposed in the old stories of change lings ; yet there is no record of such things being done. The mortal mother of a fairy babe more probably had too much tenderness for the weazened thing at her breast to permit such torture, and probably abided by its possession, unless, as sometimes happened, the fairy mother glided in in a gloaming, and ransomed back her child by the return of the mortal babe. The belief in spells creeps up to the very gates of Dublin, if it does not pass them. At Lucan, with its associations of Dean Swift and Vanessa, is, or was, a fairy man, whose business it was to remove malignant spells or charms. If your cows stopped giving milk, or your churning produced noth ing but froth, you sent for the fairy _ man. The last I knew who employed him was a farmer and a horse-dealer, who had fared with his horses as far afield as Vienna, and who had lived all his life among the proverbially sharp class of men who deal in the horse. He could put his finger on the covetous neighbour who was stealing the butter from his churn, but how to prove it was another matter. Far better employ the fairy-man. The remedy used in this case merely consisted in a ring of peeled witch-hazel being laid over the "-dash " of the churn on the lid. There was a little fanfarronade about finding the hazel, however. The wizard set out running, with his eyes closed.by thewet hedgegrows in a clingautumn evening. Presently he came to a dead stop opposite the witchhazel. As he peeled and plaited it he muttered an incantation. "And you believe in all that, man alive 1" said the farmer, who was the.subject of the confidence. " Believe. in"it!" cried the other, sturdily ; " why- wouldn't I believe in it ? Sure there's three pound of butter where there was one before !" I have been told of a fairy " blast" by the recipient of it She, at the age of three, fell asleep while gathering blackberries on a fairy rath. When she awoke all one hip was black. Her mother took her to a blacksmith, who was something of a fairy doctor. He worked some spell over her at peep of day in his forge, and by means of a red-hot iron. But it was done secretly, since some one must suffer for the fairy blast, and since the blacksmith had meddled with it, it was as like to be his wife or one of his children. So he wrought the cure while his good woman was sleeping. However, it was the mother of the child who had received the blast who was taken a very short time afterwards. Every one under : stood when she died that it was in order that her child might be spared. Another woman told me of a castle possessed by fairies in the county Gal way. She said she had often stood outside the walls at night and seen the windows lighted up, and had heard the music and dancing, and the swishing , of silk dresses. The young owner of this castle was taken by the fairies in his youth- , He was rapt away one midnight, and an old, uncanny imp left in his place. Often when the nurse or . mother,had left the room for a moment ,they would hear within the changeling playing on a fairy harp. After twelvemonth they found a wise woman to break the spell, and as suddenly as it had gone the rosy mortal babe was • restored -to its cradle, , and the elf whisked away to fairyland. • I talked a littlewhlleago witlr a woman who'had seen the banshee: As a child she bad lived with heraniit, and the old woman, being taken sud-' denly ill, died, without any other companion. When she was dying the child crouched on the bed-foot, her eyes hidden in terror, but, suddenly looking up, was aware of something shading the window. It was a small, pale woman's face, with wild, black eyes, and the black hair, floating like a veil, showed half-transparent against the moon- beams. Every Irish peasant is full of stories of ghosts. If one happens to be protecting you on your way home from the train of a dark night, as often befell me, and you get him in the mind, he will make the hair of your head stand up. If you try to exploit him. however, he is mum. It is only a sympathiser who will hear his ghostly experiences ; and a disquieting thing is that the worst things will have invariably happened to him on the very road you are taking. At this very spot of the road he was first aware of the unnaturally tall veiled woman, who swept by him without speaking; or, over there, in the dark ditch forenenst you, he heard the chain clanking as the black dog rushed by in the storm wind. • The Clonmel horror, for the moment, makes our innocent, superstitions guilty. Are we then to do away with our fairies, our banshees, our leprechauns ? The leprechaun, or fairy shoemaker, belongs as much to the autumn fields as the chirping grasshopper. He can lead you to the buried crock of gold if you but succeed in capturing him and holding him tight—the little red man with his conical green cap. He may play you some shabby trick, as chanced with a peasant once. He indicated the crock of gold, or the spot where it lay buried, in a thirty-acre field under a yellow ragweed. And his captor let him go. But since ragweeds grow commonly, he took care to tie his garter round the neck of this special one, and postponed his digging till dawn. Lo, and behold you ! when he came at dawn there was a field thick with ragweed, and on the neck of every one a garter. And though he dug and dug, he never came upon the crock of gold. Are we to lose all the pretty host because there are savages in Clonmel ? The one savage superstition I have known before is death- spancel—that ghastly love-charm, which is made of a strip of skin, unbroken from head to heel, taken from the dead, and tied around the ankles of him or her whose love is desired, between midnight and dawn. A Mayo man assured me he had seen a death-spancel which had wrought horrible havoc, binding the son of a noble house to a half-gipsy peasant but now, its day of hurt over, it is swinging high in the rafters of a little chapel, to be used as a terrible example when his reverence was in the mood to preach a lurid sermon. Such things are kept from the priest till they have to be discovered. Curiously enough, the pastor himself is not exempt in the popular mind from a certain unlucky influence. " A priest's marriage "—that is, one arranged by a priest—is proverbially unlucky. and cattle-dealers fight shy of a priest's cow in the fair. Quite beautiful, and scarcely belonging to the region of superstition, is the custom of the priest blessing a field in spring time. But what do you think of the sturdy Orangemen of the North, who send for the priest, when they fear that their cattle or their field has been "overlooked." to remove the ban by his blessing ? This is common custom. Perhaps they justify it to themselves bv regarding his reverence as an able exponent of the black art, and so set a • • ——• - " wizard.—" Pall Irish Minstrelsy," Carolan never party politics :h attachment d families of principle of his "scern the virtues ses of those' Who or claimed no connection with the other." Lord Acton, the new Professor of Modern History a* Cambridge, has rather a mixed pedigree. The head of an old English Catholic family, he is the grandson on the paternal side of a Neapolitan Prime Minister, and on the maternal side of a French Duke ; he is the nephew of a Cardinal and cousin of a recent Italian Minister of Marine; the stepson of an eminent English statesman, and the son-in-law of a Bavarian nobleman.—" Edinburgh Catholic Herald." A large party of Fen skaters recently accomplished the .distance of 200 miles in the short spade of five days. One of their number, writing an account of their experiences, closes his interesting letter to the "Field" with these words:—"We have since agreed that the one teetotaller and non- smoker amongst us stood the day's skating the best" A denial has been given to the statement ithat Oscar Wilde has, since his imprisonment, become insane and been confined in a padded room. 