THE NOVELIST^ \-- ? ?-?+- PMJL CHALLIS'S WOOING. ? » ? ' . By tho Author of Vtt.Wt:\: ( ?27ie.Oeito/! CcmcvcaJ,' ' A S\tdai CV«W CHAPTER XXV, ' Tho young mon woro vory silontj tho oecuvronco soomod tohavoBpoilodtholr ... . plorfSuro, and it scorned a roliof to thorn .?? whon Paul Chnllis nnd his wifo quitted thoir talilo nnd wont Uioir way. As thoy did bo, tho ono who had ac , costod Doloroa lookoQ after thorn, and| laid, quietly— if 71 ? l_ ji m iruur aovu r ' Moaning tho hnahwicl P' oakod ono -f hia companions, 'The husband, of oouisof' «' You aro suro, thou?' ' Quito euro.' ' Likono8so3 arodocoptivo,Honvi.' ' 'I know that j, but this wob ho liko onosa, no ohanoo roaomblanco. It is Fny horsolf , I am noMikoly to forgot hor. ?'Was sho not niy— — Hah I why should I*poalcofd\wiP Tho gontlounux— ho is ?on-y I can-soo— -callod her hia wife. Sho Vi&aafO;'foiMno:' ' 'But yon doniod what yon Shad said to- hor. Whywnathftfcr '' ' BooauecxI saw tho horror in hia f uco. ilyjcad tlio-tnwory iu his oyos, Ho s /Boano^ood.manwlio has fallon in lovo ??? ?with lw beauty, Hbavononly knows \'whonoE'Uowsho.caught him, or what uaino sho boars, but ho has hoard of ay.' , f'Aijv'if thoro.was anybody who goos totho'thoatros thnt hasn't ,? but what piiikpa you/so-sm-o ho hasP Hodoomi't ' look likoi'airequontor of playliousoa or oporus. Ho looks- too grave and atom ? for finoLfrivolitos.' 'I road it in hia face. Tho vory Jnomont I mentioned tho narao, an angry light camoiittto thorn. Ho has heard of niadomoisollo, ivnd in aomo unploa- sent way, too, dopond upon it.' '' £ should liko to soo tho denouement of this-litWo faroo, Honri, wy boy, and ; fc) know how this nymph of tho foot* Jiyhtshau suddenly developed into a , virtuous Britioh Jiiatron. Whoro lias sho boon lately P' Do you inowp' No, Thoro was a terrible stir about her at Vienna. Sho waa wanted in aomo poHjooaso. Inovorknow quito what aliout. Somo said sho had been noting iih spy for somo foroijrn powor, somo that , sho Udd boon couconied in somo big diamond, robbery that was making a , tromondoua stir and puzzling all tho ' iity.' 'Athoiff' , ', ' ? ' Well it was novor quite proved 5 but thcroia nothing wonderful in auoli ' wonion boing tbiovoa. What olso aro thoy but sho harpioa P Thoy steal our monoy.ouvToputation, our vwy lives sometimes. 1 should Buy that tfay has more than ono doatli on her hoad, young' as sho is. I don't moan by hor hands but brought about by her moans,' ' You apoiUc fooliugly, Henri,' 'I apeak bocauao 1 fool. When sho providentially disappeared, I was1 going hendkmg to ruin through' her witch, orios. 1 havo hoard that sho was soon , afterwards at Naples with an English man, imp that tho two woro living quit ly together in somo out-of-the-way places thoro, but I oim't vouch for the truth of it.' 1 ? ? ? ' This man who calla hor his wife ia an Englishman.' , ' Ho is not tho ono who was doaorib od to mo. Anyway, Fay has novor /'boon hoard of sinco till now. It was liko , Booing a ghost. Mrs.l'aul Ohollis I It sooino incredible' .' I nm inclined to think your oyes havo played you false, Honri.' \' Tupy could not, If I woro doubtful \- I could indontify hor at onco by a mark on her neck. Ibww it betoro I apofcb,' : 'Amarkp' ??????'«' Yos— a soar. I waa prosent whon ?'??; sho got it. ., Our knowlodgo of oaoh other datod from that hour, ' How did sho. get it P1, ' Running between two follows who ? woro ilghtiug— pooplo aaid abo\it her any way, tho Bword, or whatever tho waa that ono of them hold, oaughthor uomw tno uouk, anuaor a minuto ovory 0110 though »ho was killed. It was at tho Opoiu Houso in Drussols. How the quarrolluularoBo.no ono 8oduied quito to know, and sho would nov*or toll. I was hanging, about tho pkco, as I used , to bo vory fond of. doing, and it was into my Arms ahofoll, Tho wound was bud, but not dangerous, and she will carry tho scar to her dying day. It looks liko a whitolinoin hor dark okin, and I saw ? it on sh& turned her head just now. Sho always uuod to woar her hair low to covorit.. Sho had it put higher up to ' day.' 'i'oolingisai'e.Isupposo, It'saqueox1 affair, Homi I'd advise yon to koop ' youc flngora out of it for tho future, my ' I intend to, I can iifisuro you. Fay i»«toodotonuinod and unaorupulons a . n- woman to off end seriously, Sho ahull gounhuruiodfor mo. Tho Nomoais oho aeftoa will ovortako hor somo time, if she does. not'iuind, without my holp.' DoIojus had anoh. a soar aa had boon doscribod—fl thin whito liuo, oxtouding actoaathosidoof hor nook, The^vound had boon givou when sho waa quitq a ohild, aho told her husband by tailing through a window. It had been a moroy tbat.showaa not killod, and ouJy tho moat skilful surgery had inado the mark aa sltgJit as it wasi It soomod iva though tho littlo whito lmo hml aomoJooling in it, as thoy woro , driving bade through, the Bois, after tho unoomi'ortablo incident at tho co/o, (or aha put up her -hand to it morothau onco, 'Dooayour .hoad acho, doarp'hor husband asked. ' No thnt old soar on my nook has tnkon :i fit cf burning and pricking. It «ooa aomopiraoa. 1 snppoao lamnor« vous.butit soemsiia though loould fool tbo edgo of tho glass as ft cut whon Li'oll with iuy head through it. Ugh 1' Sho shuddoredas sho apoko, with a f aco that was vrfuto otou to thclips, and ho looked (it hor in-alarm. ' My darling, you aro ill,' ho said. ' No, I don't think I am,' aho replied, forcing a smilo. 1' do fool siok auc cold. X thinlcl wab frightonod juat now, and thonj;tlio.othor night, What' a dreadful thing to bo miatakonfor anoth«rpor3on,)andsuohaporaon. Oh, Paul, I ? 'You-what.dcfi.r?' ' I wtw going toBay I wn&aftaid; that 'you Uiou&htit; was not a uu stake, an- that I' ? ' 'My darlhiff Doloroa, don't ory,'Cap» tain Ciallus said, for sho had brokon down iu hcir-faltcraigi'Bpooch, andbursif into bitt«i- ?woeping. ** Whatjw notion to tako into -your hoadi' 11 But 1 ua,wit.inyoxrrJfaco,J?aul, when that youug nmn spoko to jfmo. I saw tlio ttrror, tho horciblo-^ foar that it auitfht bo tmo.' 