ECHOES OF THE WEEBT, Randwick opons pn Thursday, whan tho finfe. day'a prograiume of the A. J.O. Summor Meet- mg will tip diaponod of. Tbo Summer Cop on Saturday next. Tattnrsall.'s. Cnp will be run on Saturday, January 4, and the Currington Stakes on How Year's Day. Now South Wales v Wellington (N.Z.) at cricket on 13oxinir Dav. The weekly RoBobory Park pony' meeting will take placo on Friday next. . ' Suapnon, bv Creswick, won a Welter Has* dicap tit Wiiliamstown 011 Saturday. The Faithful was ' all there ' in tbe W«f wuk farm flying Handicap on Saturday. Between iOO and S00 oyoliata took part i«« oborob pariuia in Melbourne last Sunday. Fiva individual oentnries in the' one innini* ia a record unequalled in orioket of any note; Euroolydon ia destined for Austrajia. Suok a good N,Z. porforwer should do well anj whore. C, Latohor, a well-known Tiotorian cricketer, will shortly take up bis maidenoe ia Sydnoy. Tha New South Wales team in New Zaa- land have won thair first two matches, boating Cauterbury and OUgo, Laura, engaged in tho two Cups to be run at Kaudwiak, was baaked at Warwick Farm, but performed poorly. Don't forget that tho Bird o' Fbebdok Competition for the Summer Cup and Ciirribg ton Stokoa 1^625 to nothing) Cloaos To-Day. ? ' Tlio Lillie Bridge Xmus pony racing carnival will bp run oh Chrifitmaa afternoon ana tho evening of Boxing Day. Tho Intercolonial Cricket Match— New South Wales and Victoria — will be commenced in Molbouruo on lioxiu: Day. A cricket match will bo commonoed at Newcastle ou Thursday between the Metro polis Mid Nortberu Distriots. Don't forgot that tho BmD o' IFrebdojj Competition for the Summor CupuDd CarriDy; ton Btakea (^25 to nothiut;) Closes To-Pay. Trenton and Carna^o wore shippcl to J5ng lund 011 Saturday on tbe Orizaba, lioth horses woro iu charge of J. Kwart. Jorsoy Lily, by Robinson Cruso.i — Watoi Lily, ia tho latest two-year- old to come out aa a winner in Syduey. Thirty oyolists following Uiu Amoricau natiimal oiruuit laat season won i75UO, lisJd heading the list with £9uO. Tho victory of tho Waverley Cricket Club on Knlnniiiy n^uiust University places them equal to the Glebe, witli three wins. BackorH at Warwiuk Farm had a heavy reverse when The Rejected beat Klton, a hot . farorito for tho .'itowurri^' Milo. The Lenton Bros,, tho latest of tho Harry Rickard importations (though they aro Aus tralian born), are a very olover couple. It is almost certain that Parsons, and probably one or two others of the best Austra lian cyclists, will visit America shortly. Thomas Tucker, tho Melbourne oyoliRt, who had his skull fractured whilo train.u- ou tho Exhibition track, died lust Wodnesday. Dou't forget that tho Bird o' Fuekdcut. Compotitiou for thu Summor Cup and Carring ton Stakes (-E25 to nothing) Closes To-Day. A stake of 200 bovs is to bo put on euoh pro* gramme at ltoHehill iu future, whioh is an en* terprising move on the part of tho olub. Though lookiiiL' like a common littlo haok, tho Niagara j,'oldiuB Tho Faithful ia a very fuxteallopor, and game into the bargain. Mr. Hordorn ran two youngsters in ths Nursery Handicap on Saturday. Ouo won, uud tho other galloped off tho rnverno nay. Tho Hampdon oyolo trunk ou the AgrionU tural Ground ivill bo used for tlio first timo on Boxinc Day for tho Friendly Society's sports. S. K. Grocory refused to play orioket foe Now Sontli Wales indues J30 for loaa of busi nosH woro grunted him. It was not granted. Pitlior (an ex-Now Zraland ridor) and Don. Walker (of Melbourne) oaoli boat Zimmerman iu mile saratoh races iu Melbourne last Saturday. KiUlatina rau another second on Saturday, but thore was moro merit in tbe porformanca than vrbou Tarriou boat hor at Canterbury recently. At the committee meeting of tlio Lsagm hat llinlit tbrsg lueinbera ivero dealt with fot alleged recant misconduct. Onu was suspondod for nix mouths, auothor severely reprimanded, and iu tbo oaso of the third tbe obargo was considered not proven. Jim Stnnbury has covorpd Harding'* deposit to bind a match for £500 naido and Ihu World's Cbaoipionship on the Thames, uext year. r»d(IiiiBlon noorfld 727 for tho loss at five wiokets against Uurwpod in tlio nromier* ship couiputitiuu — five batsmen getting into, three lixurds. The South Austral i»u-brod (jolding Brummy, trained at Chipping Norton, showed a faic dasA of pace at Warwink Farm iu the Nuxsery Haii- ? dioap, tboniih he didn't win. Glendoiiiion, reported to bo sold, ia still in poHseaaion of tlio Bundwiak trainer, Ti M'Carthy, and won tbe Wftrwiok Farm Han- dlcap liko a raoehorao on Saturday. , PaddiiiRton's eooro of 727 for live wioketa against Uurwood ia a record iu c|ub criokot in this colony. Fivo individual uciiturhn wera made. Bunvood are gottintr well known. Tho following horses remain in tho Great Nor I horn Derby to be run at Auckland on Jauuury 1 1— Fabulist, St. liogul, Oscillator, Musketry, Mauser, Armour, Quiltiri, itnd Forma. Thn Sunday Times Xmas Doublo Nurabiir, now ou nale, oo||tt-ina IS illustrated utorioa by leading writcrB, a coljcotion of Australia.^ ghost ctorios, alao special features for juve uiloa. It is nouderful valuo. . The Koo, after winning Saturday's Stilling lUoe at Warwiok Farm, was bought in by hnr owner at XiO, the amount of tho atako. Aa llio mare wan eutorod at nil the amount want co the olub funds. Zimmerman umda a flying linlfniilo Bpurt, paced by the triplet, on thu (Exhibition track, Melbourne, Intit Hatnrday afternoon, ia SSneo ? —4 1-Bscn fiuitur than bin own proviuUB Aus truliun ruenrJ, nniila ut Brisbane Tho bftst CbrifilmiPtt number in undoubtedly that idsuod bythu Sunday Timer, and it ia the cheapest, too (twopouco). People who .. dnairo to fond copies to frinuila (ibro»d nan afford to qccurp the Tllllia. It is a thorouglly AuBtrulliiu uumior. Mr. S. Hordorn'a colorn woro np on two youngstcm which were ouKaRod in the War wick Farm Nursery Handicap 011 Sufurday. Oiiq of them, a sinter to Tho Suilor Prinuo, liamod Jersoy Lily, suocoodod In winninu;, after heiug m^do an even mouny favorite, Tiis ptlier, a phoiitnut filly by NeKoii froia Slater Agnes refused to go oS with tbofiold, a&d; took no gut iath* r»'oe. ? 