GOSSIP. M. Aucoc, a well-kuowD French jeweller, has estimated the value of thc diamonds, pearls, and other precious stones presented to the Princess Helene on the occasion of her marriage, and which he saw at Twickenham, at £120,000. Thc latest musical prodigy is Mlle. Jeanne ßlancard, aged nine, pianist and composer who has been hoard at one or two private houses in the West End of London during tho past few days. Not only her command of the great masters but her extempore composition is remarkable. At eighteen months this marvellous child could play. At five years she had written a scherzo, and she has juBt completed nn opera entitled " Fingal." The Countess of Munster must be classed among the select feu- who have seen-or think they have seen-a ghost. It seems, accord- ing to her own account, which appears iu thc new number of thc Strand Magazine, that some years ago she became tho object of the "infatuated udoration" of a peraon of her own age and Bex. The purnoo died. Some time afterwards the Countess was lying in bed »hen just as thc clock struck twelve, her fricud appeared before her. The weird visitor was in lier usual dress, as in life, and she had a smile on her face. Like most ghosts, her purpose in appearing docs not seem to have been a very intelligible one. To the request that she should Slate what brought her there, elie vouchsafed no reply, but as soon as her ladyship's voice had ceased the apparition disappeared. Perhaps some clue to the occurrence ii afforded by some of Lady Munster's owu admissions. She had suffered all day from feverishness, had gone early to bed and had been kept paintully awake, us she thought, by thc chiming of a church clock. One admissiou she makes is particularly significant. Al thc moment when, us she thought, she saw her late frieud, she did not realisojust al the moment that thal friend was dead. MEN'S VANITIES. A jury of MuidB and Matrons sits, in the Idler on thc vanities of " that unlucky fellow," Man. Thc young ladies arc much more lenieut and better humoured critics than the ladies who are not quite so young, a fact for which wc do uot preteud to account. But, as regards Man, we Tould say to these fair judges, " linnells confilcotem reum." Man (bciug not wholly devoid of a sense of humour) acknowledges hie failings; he does not feel angry when he is charged with vanity, or anything else, nicept cheating at cards. We ere all miserable sinners. You caunot hit us too hard. Wc know it, and we arc not irritated, as ladies are apt to be when told that their sex is jealous. Some men, says Mrs. Lynn Linton (a perfect Draco), are vain of their neck-ties ; a young vanity, but surviving in the old. " In the spring an old man's fancy lightly turns to summer tweeds." And what for no? Let us be decorative while we may. Another miserable sinner is proud of his golf. He is usually a "duffer," There is no nasty pride in Mr. Leslie Balfour Melville, the best golfer who ever was a cricketer, the best cricketer who ever was a golfer. What a position for a mortal to hold 1 Vet he bolds it with transparent modesty. No, the man who won his club handicap with twenty-four, he is the follow who is vain of hi» golf. " Some men are vain of their power in managing women." They .must be very young mcu ! Woman manages us all, and Mrs. Lynn Linton bragB of the easy conquest. " Men I know, and I think if I live to eighty I shall know them co better. But woman I give up, as so much more wicked and im- penetrable," ÍB one of the few literary remains of a particularly handsome, and exiled, and an unfortunate writer. Mrs. Lynn Linton also complains of Malvolios, who think that every woman is in love with them. These are not, in fact, the mea with whom every woman is iu love, like the aforesaid exile, when ladies journeyed from London to Paris merely to see him in bis box at the play. Such Malvolios, Mrs. Lynn Linton assures us, " squeeze " ladies as they take them down to dinner ! It is one way of alleviating that sad passage, but we do not think that it is frequently practised. Mrs. Lynn Linton ends by renouncing the enormous task of analysing all male vanities. Mrs. Williamson derides man's love of dress, Thc poor wretch is only tryiug to make himself pleasing io the eyes of u aex to which dress is not (happily) quite indifferent. You cannot leave aman alone at a mirror, she says, with perfect truth. The wretch, indeed, is looking at his tongue, as another lady. Asteria, knows, for Bhe thinks man ÍB vain of his solar plexus. Of old, it was the seat of tho soul, and now accommodates the subliminal self, the omniscient sleeping partner in our little life, who occasionally tulka in his sleep. But this is another story. Some men look into mirrors for psychological reasons, because, as the Apostle says, "a man (not a woman ! ) straightway forgetteth what manner of mau he is, and be wants to know. Others frankly admire their own "beaux yeux," and others are intent on de- tecting symptoms of gout. Few men wear many sets of etude, jewellery is out of fashion for men ; but Mrs. Williamson knows a young man who dearly loves a stud. Mrs. Williamson splits her infinitives ; hers is not a dandy way of writing. But much may be said, and has been said, for dandies. ClaverhouBe waa very cn refill of his lovelocks, and nobody blamed it in Bonny Dundee. Charles L wore pearl earrings at the scaffold. The Spartans were as curious, before they died all, at Ther- mopylae, and we admire them the more. Dr. Arabella Kenealy is kind. " A man's pet vanities aregenerally mere amiable blemishes." Men are not proud of eloquence, or of genius, but of their approach shots, or of their violin ÎHaying. The great frederick believed in limselt, as a performer on the flute. Byron was really too vain, Dr. Kenealy thinks, but Mrs. Lynn Linton may remember that all women were in love with Byron. He became "an elegant rhymer," but here Mr. Swinburne justly differs from Dr. Kenealy. " Elegant," as a rhymer. Byron conspicuously WSB not. Man's vanity " rarely matures, as a woman's is capable of doing, {pto a vice." It is rather a joke than otherwise, and gives much harmless enjoyment to the spectator. Dr. Kenealy is a good-humoured judge of this old offender. Woman smiles " in her sleeve." She has plenty of sleeve to smile in ! Mrs. Cutty o (whom wc conceive to be the author of the novel in which the heroine was so shocked when she had a baby) says men arc vain of their nerves. Other ladies say we are vain of our muscles, and applaud the foible. " Gentle- men who write for the papers " are "in a cyclone of nerve-storms -especially when they review " Tommyrotics." Well, they deserve pity, rather than contempt, for they do not like hysterics it bad grammar. Miss Norah Vynno would rather write on women's vanity. She thinks mea have been preached at, and screamed at, more than enough. This, indeed, it is that makes ns vain. Woman's interest iu us ia passionate, earnest, and absorbing. She cannot leave us alone, on thc links, in the smoking room, on the moors, on thc river. She only spares thc pavilions at Lord's add the Oval because she cannot get in. She alices thc turf, she cuts the cloth, she peppers thc beaters, she loses the salmon which man haB hooked, ehe drives bicycles into omnibuses, nay, she goes to Anthropological meeting, where bluahing science hus suddenly to shut up, iu a paper on thc marriage uustomB of thc Digger Indians, which, it seems, lock reserve, lian ia neces- sarily proud, if cmbarraaed, when woman chevies him into his most shy retreats, and, apparently, cjimiotdo without him. MissVynnc thinks that men are vain of understanding *oinen ! If they could they might well b< vaiu, but even Guy Heavislonc, after dismiss- ing the sex as " poor little beasts," added rc llectively, " Egad !" Even he gavo up thc riddle, like the amiable but exiled authoi already cited. Hiss Vyuue adda that all mee think all women jealous. If she said " al: good women," some male philosophers might abound in her sense. Can Miss Vynne lay bet bund on her heart and say thal it ÍB wise in t man to praise one woman before another' There arc exceptions to every rule, but w< must act on rules for all that. Misa Evelyi Sharp is flippant, but not unkind. In fact unkindness is the exception. In the great war of thu sexes, both camps are composed ol deserters in equal proportion to the hostile forces present.-Pally A'eic*. j WOMAS AND HER WOES. Hore ure just t few of them : First-Excepting on the sly, she is in humanly barred from using a cigaretto case. Seoond-She ¡a not allowed to make love, but merely to receive the manufactured article. Third-When elie bets with any mombcr of the other sex she rarely has the privilege of paying it if she loses. Fourth-She ÍB unable to go unattended to the theatre. Fifth-She cannot even dance more than three times in succession with a partner whom sile likes without being suspected of a tcudcucy to flirt. Sixth-No matter how put out-by her maid or her milli .cr-she is not permitted to make use of stronger language than " Dear me ;" or " How tiresome ! Seventh-She may nut chaff the waiter at a foreign table d'hote, although she knows his language peifectly, and longs to take advantage of thc chance of showing that she knows it. Eighth-By a masculine assumption she is deemed unable lo play cricket or fool ball, and is doomed lo less violent gaines, like croquet and lenuis, with mild young mun. Ninth-Though over head and ears in love, she may never maku an offer, except, per- haps, io leap year, and for this it would be hard for her to quote an actual precedent. Tenth-She ÍB expected to be able to make use of a needle, and is thuB disabled from competing with men in works of idleness. Eleventh-Her cars arc steeped iu Blang when her brothers come home from school, and yet sheisooliged, as fares possible, to keep her lips from using it. Twelfth-If there be a baby in the house where she is visiting she ie presumed to be unable to talk sensibly about it. Thirteenth-When her married sister makes a call she is alwayB pounced upon to entertain thc children. Fourteenth -How ever humourous her tem- perament may naturally be, Bbc cannot crack a joke or sing a comic cong without being thought eccentric Fifteenth-She must not practise boxing, excopt as regards thc cars of her small brothers. Sixtceuth-She is not allowed thc privilege of a latchkey. -COASM'II Saturday Journal. 