A THEOSOPHIC LECTURESS. Under the auspices of the Melbourne Tbeo- aophical Society, the Countess Waohtmeister delivered in the Upper Hall of the Athenaraa on Saturday evening the seoond of her series of thcosophia lectures. There was a fair atten dance, and the lecture, which was entitled Death and After, and Modern Spiritual ism; was heard with the most inten se interest. After referring to tbe solemnity of death, and condemning heartily the dootrine of eternal pnnishment, the lecturess gave an exposition of the theosephio "seven principles of man," and explained that tho second principle, the "astral body," had been soon forming out of tho head, and that it was connected with the brain by a magnetic cord ; it retAiued existence after death and until the physical body had disintegrated, and ghosts and churchyard apparition were due to it. Suioides and porsons departing this life by sudden and violent doaths, not having expended their "vitality" prinoiple, had all the desires and appetites of earthly life and sought to satisfy them through mediums ; and the "vampiree," of whom so much was told in the middle ages of Europe, were of this class, and wero'abletodraw blood from thellving. The remedy for a person so preyed upon was the destruction of the vnmpiro'a body by fire ; and Theosophists advocated cremation generally, bcoause it disintegrated tho physical body at once, And enabled tbe soul to " movo on " in the theosophio scale of progres sion. With referonce to spiritualistic mani festations, Countess Waohtmeister gave some highly interesting incidents in her own experience. In the twelfth and last of a aeries of seanoos she had a 29 minutes' conversation with an "entitj," the modium meanwhile lying entranced on a sofa behind a ourtatn in the ( room, and was requested by him not to look into his eye, as eyes wore difficult to materialise and easily dematsrialised. Sho, howaver, looked into them, nnd they peemed to her to be very far back in tho head. Tbe ontity subsequently explained that tho head was hollow, as it was impossible to materialise a brain, as if such were done the medium would die. He, however, asked her to cut off a portion of his dress, which sho did, and found it apparently like flannel, but it slowly riematcrmlixcd in her hand and vanished. Tho "ontity" said it was a portion of tha medium, and that the latter loot in weight what tbo entity gained in materialising. Countess Waohtmeister said that she herself had been a mrdium, but having resolved to divost horsolf of the power sedulously trainod her will force for that purpose. She practised in theatres, "willing" people to look at her instesd of the stage, and on a piece of thread placed before her on a table. When she was able by will power to move tbe thread, she threw the whole of her will forco against her medium- istic power, and shut the door definitely on "the other side." At the conclusion of the lecture, after a few questions had been askod by mem bers of the audience, the countess announced that she would lecture again on Tuesday even ing. 