SI-tORT STORY. TUE JEALOUS LOVEit. Between our house and Farmer taynor's lay two green m,'ade.:s. It was curiolus enough to look across theit and see thu bright dark green of the rmass In one, and the mellow ycllow tints of the other. Tue first, too, was dotted all ever with clover, pink and white, and only now and then a dandelion grew in the other. Between the meadows lay a clump of trees 'and bushes, and an old-tashior.t astle. When the moon was high, and a round silver shield in the dark nigtt sky, I u?ed to go down to that stile and sit upon it, loo!iuo; toward the Raynor homeotead. it Was longt and low, with dormer windows on tnhe root. I, by chance, I saw alight in tile vOC I anel belonged to Eve li.ayour'e rooll, I ltheuleius my vigil well xewarded; tfor I h.aved I:v I Raynor as knights in old romance loved tucr ladies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty hand, or caLd eutre than "good day" as we paseed on ite roaod. Our families were not on visiting termls, and we never met that way. any other youug fellow, smitten as 1 was, rwould have managed to know her better soun/ehow, but 1 made no ehurt to win toy way to leer liking. My own fault, then, say you ? Wcll, per haps you are right, but true love irn always a little featful of itself. Your flirt is bold enough, but when the heart is touched rcat'o' I away flies conlidence and vanity, and you bay to youreelf, "Thlere'as notlng tIo mo to like," or "She'll never look at me; what is the use of hoping P" You never saw her; and words can't tell you just what she is. Go out into the grden and find a lily among beds ot dahlias and Qoeen Mtarotrets and tnsntinlg poppie?, and you'll know how slhe loosed aLuon;: other girls. Find a. pearl among ohrelc of broken gilanoand pebbles,and you'll know whiat she seemed to me in a crowd of other women. Once she dropped a red geranitum out of her dark hair, and 1 picked it up from the road by stealth, and felt halt afrail t ttouch it-it scomced so holy. I put it betvcen ety Bible leaves when I wene home-the most sacred place I could think of. It is there yet; two red-brown threa?d and oometbing that looks like a crisp bit of scorched paper. That was coming from church one Sunday. The next, while I rhat the flower against my bosom, and was sitting where I could see the Itaynors' pew, which was under the gallery where the echool-children sat, a clumey imp of a boy let fall his hynmn-book over the rail. ing. I saw it drop, and then sawe her sink forward, and was beside her and had her out in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hurt, for the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I would have left; but church was out, and all going home, and the old people would have me take tea with them. They mande a lise about my kindness, too, as though any brute could have done less when she dropped like a hurt deer. I went home to tea in the wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wish I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I was that night. Well, the ice was broken, and with it, it seemed, an old fend between my people ant the Raynors, about a triangular patch of ground, not big enough to build on, end too sandy to plant; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and M.re. Raynor took tea together, and chatted when? they met. All I thought of was the chance of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms. I did see her. In a month we were old I friends. I did not dare think ehe liked mt much; but she htisted and laughed with nw', and blushed when I looked at her, as. good manners or not, I had to look seometimes; and though I was brown and burly, with great red farmer's hands and a voice to match my size, sometimes I used to think I'd plant my lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom for life. You never would have gueesed as I plougheed in the great field, or tossed the scented hay, or yelled tomy oxen, the poems that were il my brain, under my shock of yellow hbair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever say of their lady.lovts half what I thought about Eve Itlyuor when I was busy at the humblest work. I heard a strain of museic once, though, that said it all without a single word, or it seemed so; for I stood listening to it with her hand crushed tight in mine ir ther shadow. There was some great man or other at the hotel, and they were ser enading him. And I felt through her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I said when all were out of hearing: "Eve Raynor, if you ever cease to love me, I shall die I" and bent down to look into her eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did ; I know no one loved more. One night, as I was going home (prayers were said at ten at the Raynore', and every one expected to leave at once), I met half way upon the road, which Ihad taken because the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young marl with a portmantean in his hand, looking about him with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scarcely knew which path to take. He was, I could see in the moonlight, very handsome and dressed in a style not common in our .ountry place. There was a flash of gold at ais fob, and a glimmer of precious stones on ois ungloved hand, and as I came nearer, a faint perfume, such as some girls I knew :raught into church with them on their hand. kerchiefs. He was a b:g fellow, too, despite all :hese delicate daintineosee of toilet. and his ao:cs was clear and musical, but a thorough ,ini's voice, when he spoke to me. "Can you tell me the way to the Raynor larm-house, sir? It should be romiwhat close at hand, if my memo.r serves me." "Straight on," I said; " the first hones you come to on the right; you can't mistake it." "Thank you," said he. " I'ts only fair to tell you. however." said I, "that they are all in bed by this Ide laughed. "I had forgotten country ways," said he. However, if my uncle won't let me in, I'll sleep on the porhob, until morning. There used to be a lefamous porch, with an old bench on it long enough to repose a giant." "It isn't-it can't bea little Ned Wart 1" cried I. "Not littlel" ?d, hoe; "rot little any longer, but Ned sare still. And you ?:' "I am Theodore Brest I" "We shook hands then. Years before two barefooted country boys--who had played in the woods together-friends, as boys will be dlespite all family lends. lHe was Farmer Rnynor's nephew, andhad, [ remember, inherited some property, and been sent to a boarding.-school. I could searcely believte that time had altered him so -time and education, and asesociation with polished men..... I went bask with him to the Rlynors', and saw old sleepy Hepsiba admit him. Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams of exquisite youths, more perfeot than mortal man could be. who won Eve ayncr from me. Ah, me I jealousy is an ill weed-onee plant Sthere's no end to it. The dreams came naom a toughntor two t had hardly been eon. sione of; andthe thoughte remained when the dream were over. He was her only conein; but why should she be forever walking with him, talking to him, smiling on him ? Why should he sit be side her in churoh, holding her book for her and singing with her x? Why should he lick upon me as a stranger and monopolime her, $agow wwhannlsuaJsu '05904od a rgnt to ob, to spena my evenings at tne tartm-housec Had she told him? Had any of them told him of our engagement? I doubted it. And he would be there the summer through. It seemed to meI could not bear it. I had been so happy since Eve promised to be mine; now I was wretched. I grew moody, and eat sileunt in her preeence while he talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making the contrast so much greater than it need have been. At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that-to make he suffer something of my pain. I bore the ?lh once from her one Sunday to the neat Toen, in the twilight hush of the June even in,; I Ltook my way across the meadow. " te Sibbath rilence was on everything. The f?r off chiming of a church-bell dropped ito slhver into it, instead of breaking the olls?t,. Tire ecent of primrosc? filled the air, and tie doves in the cote behind the house nurllslred s- mu.sically. I ol'ned tLie sate, and entered. Besie tilhe gale swas a little rustic arbor, shaded by e:ro,, li wooded vines. Toc nlou lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it. I saw two pictures. T'le first- Eve .Raynor standing, a white statno, in her snowy robe, with Ned Ware kreeling at her fet. The second-Eve Rity nor cau.nght to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, paosionate cry of " My love I my life I" ]hIe he unclasped his arms, I stood before them. I called her by a bitter name. I flung at her feoot the ring she iad given me in ex. chIariao for mine. I ts., I rosrco knew what., in mty frenzy, and strode away, leaving them dumb :u'd motionless. ]IN si way over the meadowl began to under. Ptoand wiat?htd Iefallen ma-as we understand gr,. at woern at Is-t-and fell upon the long damp graes:l a though I had been shot. Lontg p,.st midnight I crept into my bed. room iu:dow, and began to pack a few things in my carpet bag-linen, and a second coat; the etockiens knit by my old mother's hands; the little bible she had given me, and my slender stock of money. Then, on a scrap of plper, I wrote this note and slipped it under my pillow: De:an lIortn:e--Don't think hard of me do not think I do not love you. You sare the only being I now love in the world; but I cannot stay at Elms-I cannot breathe its air. Eve Raynor has jilted me, and I should go mad were I to sev her daily with her lover, as I must if I remain. I shall take to seafaring life, I think, and if I over find myself better of my hurt, I shall come back to you again. I don's hope it, though. It is too dleep and sore. Gad bless you, and good-by. Your loving son, TuHonouE BoEST. Then I clambered out of the window, and before I took the hiuh road to the car depot, went to the dear old elile to take the last looti at Eve's home, over whose threshold, in all human probability, I should never pass again. White as a ghost the moon scudded through gathering clouds, white in her light lay tihe farm house, with its sloping roof and dormer windows beyond the yellow field; against the background of moonlit wall rose the clumps of currant bushes, and the curved outline of that rustic arbor. About me rose dark elms, and lank, thick erase. Only the step of the stile was Silver-lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot of a dead eim tree. I took it all off upon my heart. I said : " lie.ven forgive her I 1He can never love her as I do I" and then I strode away toward the statlon. It was two good miles away, but the early train had not arrived when I reached the place. I sat down in the waiting.room; but for shame I could have wept like a wo main. I heard the ringing of a bell-the scream of a whis:le. The train wan coming. Thire was a chattering, without about sundry trunks lelongiug to two old women who had just cose up in a wagon, and the door of the waitinog-room was flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It was Ned Ware. Its was as pale as living man could be. IDsspitie hi triumph, he looked wretched. Iic 0paced the tfo-r for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For the firet tisle in smy life I wanted to kill a thing God made -a1v tie forgive me for it I WV, looked at each other in dead silence. Nedl broke it. " Where are you going? f he said. "What is that to you fiou insult me by spe:kigo to me. You have robbed me let that susiice. It is dangerous to speak to nmo just now. For Eves sake I warn you to leave me." "So Ihave robbed you " he said, with a seceer. "Yea. You know she was mine. I ware yon again. Go I" lIo folded his arms and looked at me. " I am going," he said. "The bad within me in struggling to make me go in silence. Th?i good says speak. I'll try to obey the good, little as there is of it. Yeou are half mad, Theodore Brest. You have seen and heard with a jealous man's eyes and ears. You are not robbed. I wish you were. 1 don't deny it. But Eve IRaynor is 1yours not mine," " I saw her in your arms," said I. He laughed a bitter laueh. "Listen," he said. "I have only a mo ment; for I do not wish to be left at Elms, and the train is coming. You gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I loved her also. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and lost. She told me you were her betrothed husband, and that she eared nothing for me." Down the road came the shrieking train; the bell was clanging. He caught Up his portmanteau. "I clasped hbetto my heart," he went on. " It was a mad thing to do; huit it was an adieu, and against her will. lMadman l go back and beg her pardon for the words you raid I If she forgives you, I would give a king dom to take your place. A kingdom ? Blh ! the wroldri - All aboard 1" yelled a voice at the door. "You Ielieve meu '" Ie asked. "God bless you-God reward youl" I grasped. But he was gone ere I could elssp hin hand. I never forgot him, but I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note which I had written in rag meints. I knelt down and nrayed as I hadl not prayed since I was a little child, and in the early morning I sought Eve r.y nor. She lorgave me, She pitied and under stood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the summer waned, she was my wife. We are old people now, and children tall and strong gathler about our hearth at even tide; and the eldest of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his mother's velvet eyes, is named Edward Ware. So we christened him in memory of that noble rival who, in his own great grief, had meroy upon mine. Two Parisian duelists, Saint Denve, the critic, and MI. Dubois, the journalist, met to settle a little affair of honor. It was a die mal morning, and the rain fell in torrents. Saint Beuve insisted upon holding up his um brella as well as his pistor, saying, "I am quite ready to be killed, but I do not wish to Eatch eold." Both adversaries shot four times ,but neither was harmed. A Chicago minister. preaehing on "The Immonrlty of the Soul," stepped to the front of the platform, and, levelling a finger at the congregation, said: "You may lose your wives and get others; you may loses your husbands and get others; you may lose your horses and carriages and get others, Su when yeou losre your souls is'e good.bye, John," 