Short Story. : A Strange Adventure. 44 Motbor, what Rhnll we do?" "Ah truo ah liunvun'o sky is above us, llhnda, I don't know I" Mrs Gordon trembled and olunR to her Htep-'laufthtor with oonvulnivo oARsmcus. Khcda Htooti quitn ntill, nnd lifted her face thu firmament above. It wan a still, frosty, October night, with a frozen fragranco of dead leaves in' tho air, and the gibbous moon hung low on tho odges of tho horizon, shodding 11 spectral light on tho bleuk land scape, Mr. Gordon had cotnn homo lato from tlio market that night, jiitKling tbo money in bis pockets. ilo had walked into tho little winged room, whoro a log or two burned or. tho hearth, and a dip enndlo only made darkucss visible. Mrs. Gordnn put.by the table darning stookings, and Itboiia, sitting on u low. wooden stool at her feot, was read ing aloud to her from n drift of inauuecript pagiti that lay in her lap. " At it again I" said Gordon with on in tensity of qtiiofc malice, that snunded in his voice kr plainly as it glittond from hiB eyen. " Ifow many times, I'd Hko to know, havo 1 forbidden this sort of thing ? Ah I 1 under Rtand. Von didn't expect mo homo until midnight. You was poin' to have it all your own way. Of all created things, I do liuto and doflpiso hypoeritas. What have you got to nay for youinelf, eh ?" -4. dropped from her hand as if it had been paralysed ; she grew deadly palo ; but BUoda Vftliantly.spo(0 lip. " Wo wb doing no harm, father I" sho "NBjptm!" ebtillr repeated tbo miser. "Bflpayyou arc doing harm. You're waslflr my candles, and disobeying my ordcFf, and fooling away my time, for your fi is mine, aiu't it? And it ain't the tima you've done it, nor yot second! And 1 ain't going to stand it, another minute I Clear out! Get out 'of my house, you two women I I've warned you often enough before I Now I mean to teach you what it means to disobey tny com mauds." "Father!" cried Bhoda, "yon wouldn't turn us out of dpors at this timo of night?" " Wouldn't I, though I" grimly retorted tbo knotty-featured old man.- "You'll see whether I would or not. Gal Step I" Ah bo Bpoke be bold the door wido open. A draft of air rushed through the room and \- blew out the feeblo light of the caodle. And so, in the eullen, windy dark, the two women came out, to returu no more. Khoda Gordon had been miserable until . lior Btrp-motber came to the homestead. Soe hai longed for kindness, she bad hungered for sympathy, she had craved evon the mcrcet look or word of notice in that solitary house, where money-making was the Moloch which swallowed up all else. Mrs. Gordon nnd her etep-daughtor bad loved each other fondly and tenderly. It was to her step mother that Ittiuda ventured to read the effu Eionii of her aotiva and imaginative brain, and Mrs. Gordon listened with eager ad miration nnd loving sympathy, to the utter rago and contempt of the farmer. "Women oro umiIo to work,' said he, "not to write. I'll put a stop to this oort of uonacuBC, or I'll know the reason why." And thin was the beginning nnd end of the domestic difference which had culminated in ouch a sorrowful trugedy. J Mr. Gordon oumo beak into the kitchen, mixed his ghee of toddy, and went to bed. " It'll he a good lesson to 'em," ho Bald. And Mrs. Gordon and llhnda gazed into each other's pale, frightened faces. Mother, don't look so deadly whito," Haiti llhnda, courageously. " We'll go down so the old blacksmith's nhop. aud kindle a tire there; That, at leant, is tny own P\ (The old bleckiimith'H shop down tho road, with tho i thistle-grown patch nf land in its rear, hnd been willed to lthoda's own mntliur, and theucohad descended to her; a Kerry inheritance, with its roof eaten by mossea and dooay, its foundation settling with every winter. No one liAd occupied it for years, for Jlhoda's moans wore iusuHl- cient'to mako ttio neceasary repairs, and Mr. Gordon had not bcon Blow to declare that " not a chilling of his should ever ho t quan dcrrd in patching up that old rat-holo 1") " Lvt it tumble down," said he ; " and then sell the land at auction, for what it'll fetch. That's tho only thing to do with tho property." ./ Dreamy na tbo spot was, however, it at least afforded u shelter from thu chill nnd damp of the night; and Ilhodn was heartily glad when nho had kindled a blaze of dry. sticks on the largo, unused hearth, so that Mrs. Gordon could worm her marhle- eold hands. "Look, mother I" she oried, fondly crush ing the . frozen dew from Mrs. Gordon's hair; the old plnco ia quite comfortable, now that wo have managed to get the door shut. Isn't it funny, the Idea of a little chi'Htnui tree growing right across the thres hold? It seamed almost wicked to break tho hranohes away, as I was forced to do ) And by and by I'll Bpread my shawl over tho dead leaves in tbo corner, and— Ob, what's that?" It was very etrnnge they had not seen it before, yet. it certainly must have been there nil the limn, the figure of a little, old man, all in butternut brnwn, Bitting by the fire. Ha was rircRned in a quaint, old-fashioned ntyie, with knee-breeches, and a queue down Ins uaok, aud woe holding his banda over the blaze with a sort of ravenous eagerness for the warmth. He was so little, nnd so pale, and liin teeth ohnttered bo in his Bhrivellcd liuad, that lllioda's momentary iu dignntiou died away at once. " I hope I don't iutrudo," said the little old man, with tho deprecating faleutto of ago. " But it's odd, very cold, nnd I haven't Been a fire hero beforo in a quarter of a cen tury." ' Rhode looked hard at him. ' "Do you live near here, air?" sho QBkcd. The littlo old man nodded. " Very near," mud he. " I used to know yritrr'Grnoif father G/upfr. "—A Ifald-'workihg man ho war, nnd the best baud at a horae- rhoe in tho country round, Ab, yc6 I I knew him I" Mm. Gordon pulled Bhoda'a elecvo sur- rfptitioufily. " I think the poor, old creature is n little crazy," said she. "But let him stay, let mm stay and warm himself. Ho can do no harm to any one, poor, half-famitshcd soul !" And still tho Mn in Grown talked Hteadily on, hid hands spread out over thu fire. "Did ho ever tell ycu about tho brick ?" said he, "tho buck that wan burled under thin very hearthstone? Not n olay brick, my iur, hut u brick of gold I Not a great, big tiling, such as they put in the tingle of a hour-.. ' iihrr, but a littlo, genteel sort of a brick, that it would mnken tui&er;'B heart leap within him In handle. It was your Grand- father Grupp's whim, lie was a peculiar old man, a very peculiar old man. Kb ? did be ever tell you about tho briok?" " 1 never saw him, sir," said Bhoda, timidly. " All, true, very truo," said the littlo old man. " You can't always keep track of tiiuo. Aud it was a drad ferret about the jbriok between him and tuc. lfo hod mndo a great deal mure money than folks had any idea cf, and that was bin way of taking care of it. 01 course, I uiay depend upou you not to nirntion ii?" "I don't understand you, sir, " said Bhoda, ,hor veins chilled with a certain awo, and, in jlhc b&iuo; moment, thu Man in Grown looked iat a tarnished little silver watch which hung i at hie side. 44 It's lato," said ho, " Joior than I had any tsden of. Good uvnning, Indies, I liopo 1 liaven't intruded ! Good ovening I" I It was late the next morning whnn Mrs. Gordon aud Khr.da knocked at Mr. Gidding' aad tfld tbeif tale. Tho old iuau, the nearest neignoor tO »n« aoecrtea torgo, turned polo. : " It's Gen llavcrBfrnw !" said ho. " Old Bon Ilavcrutraw, who line been (load and buried in tho littlo ohtirohyard hack of the forge these forty years 1 Ho lined to play oaruH with yout Grandfather Grupp, Mint Ruody, many a night, after tho forgo was shut up, nnd folks mippOBed everybody war nbod and Bsleop. My futhor hn« described him to mo tunny a timo, an odd littlo mnn in brown clothes, with blnok silk stockings and kneo breeches, n queue hanging down his bnok, and n braid of soals at hi fob. Folks naid he was in longue with tbo Kvii One. lie wftHn't a good associate) for your Grandfather Grupp, anyhow. Yos, ycR I lie's bocu dead full forty .venrs, and maybe longer." "Hut that is nonsense?" cried Bhoda. " ft was no ghost that wn snw. It was a littlo, old-fnsbionod traveller, who wnn cold ami tired, and came in for a little rost." " Did you see him come iu?" demanded Mr, Gidding. " No," answerod Bhoda. " Did you ece bim go out ?" And again Bhoda and her mother were compelled to answer in thu negative. He was gone. That was all tbuy anew about it " Alt t" said neighbor Gidding. " 1 thought so. S'poso we just oall my son Abrnm and tho hired man, with a crow-har or so, and pry up that there old hearthstone ? 1? rhupu it won't do no good. Gcrtainly, it won't do no harm I" They pried lip tho sunken, old ntono, ana- there, under thu coiner, was a turuinhed brick floh'd'gOldr' wcldod-tbgcthcr - as. only a chilled workman in metals could have welded it I All this happened years apn. A handsome, modem residence now ptanfg whsro oncothe forge-liglitR gleamed eullcnly out upon the night, nnd Hhuda Gordou — married to Alvan Gidding— lives tboro with bet step mother. Former Gordon would fain liavo patched up a piece wheu his duughler hrotmo eo un expectedly an heiress, but lluoda abso lutely declined a treaty of any sort, whatso ever, " Mother and I suit onch other," bIio said. " Wu never havo euitod you. Things are better as they are." But to this day, the wieeacron of the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Man in Brown The idealists set the whole thing down as a well-authenticated ghost story. The practical members of society call it a dream, a fancy/a mere fig ment of the imagination, oddly pieced on to n forgotten story. Hhodn nnd her mother, thomndvee, do not know what to think. And touriflts often leave the train ut Grupp'a Forge station, nud come across tho fields to look at the fiuikuu toiubmouu which marks thu last refliing-plncfl of Captain Guujfunin Havcrstraw, who died June 8, 1330, und bis friend, licbur Grupp, buried oloso at bis side. " It's very strange," tbey say. " Very strango, iudced I llsally, there is no account ing forsuoh things. " Tub wisu prove, and tho foolish confess by their oonduot that a lifo of imiployrneut is the only life worth luading. — Galoy. Kkep up hope in bad timos. Wo have tho samo sun and sky nnd Btaro ; the mime God and heaven and truth ; the aauie duties and tho Barao helpora. Hope thou in God.— Dr, Goodcll. "Tub chief seoret of comfort lies in not suflcritig trifles to vex us, and in prudontly cultivating our uudorgrow'h of small plea sures, sinoo very few groat ouus, alas I are lot ou long leases. 