LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. r The new "Warwick Library" of English literature, edited by C. I-I. Herford, Litt. D, and Published by Blaclcie and Son, is to take the form of a series of guide-books, each volume being devoted to the history of some single literary growth, with repre sentative illustrations, enabling the reader to follow it through all its Important phases. It has made a most propitious start In "English Pastorals," by Edmund K. Chambers, a tasteful volume fprwarded to us by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, through the pages of which, to use Mr. Herford's words, "the long possession of singing shepherds, meandering, joyous, or wailful, sounds almost every note in Eng lish pastoral song." The opening pastoral by Robert Honryson (14257-1488?) Is the earliest to be found in Great Britain; and .very -quaint reading it Is: "Robene sat oni a gud green hill,- ' 1 Kjepand a flocik ot se (sheep), - Mlnry Makyne said him till, 'Robene, thow re-v on me;' (have pity kin me) 'I lialt three iiuvit lowd and still (openly land secretly!), Tills yeiris two or thre; My : dule is dern (secret woe) ; bot glf thou dill. Doubtless but.drelr 1 de (without doubt I die)." Spenser, Duckling, I-Ierrick, Shakespeare, Milton, ail the familiar names greet our eyes as we turn; the pages ot this well- chosen and complete collection, until we are brought down to 1827, and George -Darloy, with his daintiest of springtide carollings and pretty love songs: "O, May. thou art a merry time, Sing Hi! — tho haavthorn pink and pale! When hedge-pipes they begin to chime, , And summer flowers to sow the dale." \- In "Browning Studies," published by George Allen, wo hs-.ve some selected pa pers, read at various: meetings of the prin cipal English "Browning Society," which has now entered upon its 15th year of existence. The editior, Edward Berdoe, M.R.C.S., promises, in an excellent intro duction, a second series of these, should the present volume prove a success, as It certainly should, amorng readers at all familiar with the works of the great poet, philosopher. The papers by women are especially strong — so strong as to give color to the oft-repestted assertion that Browning meets with ia finer and more delicate appreciation from the female, than the male mind, though his literary methods are essentially virile. '"Reminiscences of Froude, Thackeray, Disraeli, Browning, RossettI, and others," by John Skelton, G.B., LL.D. (William Blackwood and Sous), is the somewhat slight but fairly satis factory result of the unearithing of a bun dle of old letters by the auflhor In a season of enforced Idleness; most of the notabili ties treated of having beem numbered at some time or other among? his personal friends or acquaintances. Ti e interest of these epistolary records, however, is not always strong and sustained, enough to warrant their inclusion in '.a published .volume. The cutting down a! the entire matter to about two-thirds would have been a signal advantage, so fax, as artistic (unity Is concerned. J Mr. W. S. Lilly describes a .humorist as "an artist who playfully gives dus his in tuition of the world and hunrai life" — a definition throwing considerable light on the mental attitude taken by him in bis latest work, "Four English Humorists of the 19th Centrury" (John Murray,). This Is simply a publication, in book florm, of four lectures, delivered at the Royal Insti tution of Great Britain, during tlie two first months of the present year on "The Humorist as Democrat" (Dickens); "The Humorist as Philosopher" (Thackieray) ; "The Humorist as Poet" (George Eliot)'; and "The Humorist as Prophet" (Carlyle). It has become a fashion in the last few years, t. especially in academic circles, to decry . George Eliot, or dismiss her witli the faint i praise that would he fatal to a lesser light. Mr. Lilly, who is a Fellow ot Cambridge, . and a well-known writer, remains as deep- i ly loyal "to her as he was in the beginning; j and his criticism of tbe gifted authoress of "Adam Bede" Is, perhaps, the best in the . book; while the chapter on Dickens often drops Into commonplace. As a whole, how- ; ever, "Four English Humorists" has all ! .the fascination of a style in. which the j critical faculty, keen, though It he, is In- j stlnct with the life and fire ot generous j enthusiasm. 5, , Other critical and technical works of the Week are "Hedonistic Theories," by Pro fessor Watson (James Macleihose and Sons), who, commencing with a gene ral survey of tho influence of the Sophists on Greek thought, reviews in order the ethical and social teachings of Aristippus the Cyreniac, Epicurus, Hobbes, Locke, Hume, Bentham, John Stuart Mill, and Herbert Spencer; Professor Petries' "'Egyptian Decorative Art," published by Methuen, and embellished with nllustratlve designs; "Foundations of Analytical Chem istry" by Wilhelm Ostwald, Professor of Chemistry In Leipzig University, (translated by George M'Gowan, Ph.D., and published by Macmlllan and Co. In theology, we notice "The Two St. Johns," of «the "New Testament," by the Rev. James Stalker, D.D. (Isbister and Sons); Longmans, Green forwarding their lately-published "Occa sional and Immemorial Days," by the Very Rev, A. K. II. Boyd. There are also on the list two valuable works on Metallurgy: "'The Metallurgy of Gold," a practical trea tise on the treatment ot gold-beaxing ores, by M. Elssler, mining engineer, and author Of many other works on the same subject, published by Crosby, Loelcwood, and Sons; and a late addition to Longmans' Elemen tary Science Manuals, "Metallurgy), an ele mentary text-book," by E. L. Rbead, lec turer on that scienco at the Manchester Technical Schools. "The Structure of Man," by Professor Weidershelm, is largely supplementary to tho classical treatises of Darwin and Huxley, and deals with tho comparative morphology of Man and the 'Anthropoid Apes. It is finely illustrated, nnd published by Macmlllan and Co in the department of fiction, we are pleased to hear that Miss Ethel Turner's latest book, "The Family at Misrule," Is meeting with all the success, both1 here and in the old country, that it deserves. "Seven Little Australians" has already reached its tenth thousand, and this, the sequel to it, bids fair to do better still. From a literary point of view, It is a tremendous advance on the former work. There was room in Australia, as indeed there is everywhere, for just such sweet, wholesome writing for young people as Miss Turner's. Little saints of seven, who preach to old women of 70 concerning the state of their souls, have had their day as heros and heroines. The average healthy child doesn't believe in them, and gives a pronounced sigh of relief when the coffin lid closes over them, as it generally does when there Is a worldly mother's soul to he harrowed up, or a hard-shelled father to be reduced to a state of moral pulp. In "The Family at Misrule," wo have chil dren budding into manhood and woman hood, and very charming buds our "Seven Little Australians" have developed into. With' tho ordinary perversity of poor hu man nature, our sympathies go out more spontaneously to pretty, naughty Nellie, with her innocent coquetries, and her young girl's appetite for enjoyment, than to Meg, when she is coercing her into cutting objectionable people, and manag- ing her brother's foolish young love af fairs. Yet, Meg is a dear girl, whose happy maidenhood always saves her at the right moment from anything like priggism; and tho children are just the lovable, aggravating little sprites they ought to be. Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, who publish this and Miss Tur ner's other works, announce that her "Story of a Baby" will bo followed, in the pretty "Nautilus" series, by Miss Nora Vyune's "A Comedy of Honor," which Is to ho illustrated by Bertha Newcombe. If "A Comedy ot Honor" is up to the level of this clever young authoress's la test addition to the Zeit-Geist Library, "A Man and his Womankind," it should be exceedingly popular. Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden also send us a copy of a new Australian novel, "The Southern Light," by S. A. Fielding, illustrated by Warwick Goble. Though this is a tale of the sea, filled with the kind of maritime adventure that will in- suro it a welcomo In the library of every natural hoy, it opens with "two horse men" — a favorite curtain-raiser with more than odb well-known writer of romance. Only hero, our equestrians are not plodding along a convolvulus-covered hawthorn- edged English lane to a fine old manor house, haif buried in ivy, and haunted by a family ghost. Nor are they winding wearily up a narrow defile in the Rocky Mountains. They are riding across our own New South Wales salt bush, in search of cattle that have strayed away from a station, owned by a wealthy squatter, and uncle of the younger horseman. Falling the object of their quest, a fierce quarrel ensues between the hoy Fred, and his tyrannical relative, which ends in a GUdden parting. Fred comes to Sydney, and, after a few days semi-starvation, varied by an occasional sixpenny meal in Lower George- street, finds among the vessels lying at Circular Quay a ship going to China, In which he embarks. Then comes a series of adventures, and many hairbreadth es capes by storms, and official cruelty, a final fortune (left by the repentant uncle), and a settling down. The young sailor, Fred's friend, who gazes on sunsets, and quotes Coleridge half-unconsciously, is hardly natural; and Fred himself can he pedantic on occasion. But he is a bright, brave young fellow, and deserves tbe good luck that falls to his share in the end. Mr. H. G. Wells, who sprang into fame at a bourd, on the publication of "The Time Machine," has given us. In spite of its few blemishes of style and construc tion, tho most powerful and imaginative hook of the month. Serious as Is the underlying motive, the themo Is treated with playful humor, and the principal cha racter, the Vicar of Siddermortop, is ad mirably drawn; a kind of happy admix ture, in the flesh, of the discursive genius of Bishop Blougram, and the genial bon homie of Goldsmith's hero. The Vicar, who Is fond of sport, goes out one day, and shoots an angel In the wing, who, drop ping to earth, henceforth becomes another "principal character" in tho drama, as ho slowly forms his ideas of earth under the Vicar's direction Pygmalion-and-Galatea fashion; but without the dangerous com plications arising from difference of sex. "I don't like this new sensation," said the Angel (he has just fluttered Into the Vicar's grasp, and had his wound dressed). "The Pain when I feel your hone?" "The what?" said the Angel. : "The Pain." "Pain, you call It. No, I certainly don't like the Prln. Do you have much of Ihis pain in tbe Land of Dreams?" "A fair share," said the Vicar. But the Angel recovers, looks around, and begins his education. There is a fine dinner-table scene, In which tbe Vicar, over the walnuts and the wine, warms to his celestial visitor's innocent curiosity, and grows eloquent. It is a chapter, lull of humor at its best, yet alive with pun gent truth. After describing youth, its glories and allusions; middle life, its cares and duties, "Then," said the Vicar, "their hair comes off, and gets dull-colored or grey — I, for Instance." He bowed his head forward to show a circular shining patch the size of a florin. "And their teeth come out. Their faces collapse, and become as wrinkled and dry as a shrivelled apple. 'Corrugated,' you call mine. They care more and more for what they have to eat and drink, and less and less for any of the other delights of life. Their limbs get loose in the joints, and their hearts slack, or little pieces from their lungs come coughing up. Pain. . . "Ah!" said the Angel, "pain come3 Into their lives more and more. And then they .go. . . . Where' do they go?" "Once I thought I knew. But now I am older I know I do not know. We have a Legend — perhaps it is not a legend. One may be a churchman and disbelieve. Stokes says there is nothing In It." . . The Vicar shook his head at the bananas. "And do you have to eat like this every : day?" "Eat and get clothes and keep this roof above me. ... And the other people hero have made me a kind of chorus to their lives. They bring their little pink babies to me. and I have to say a name and some other things over each new pink baby. ... Then they grow up. But before they pair off, and join in couples, and have pink babies of their own, they must come again and hear me read out of a book. They would bo outcast, and no other maiden would speak to the maiden who had a little pink baby without I had read over her for twenty minutes out of a hook. ... And every seventh day 1, who am a man myself, I, who see no fur ther than they do, talk to tliem of the Life to Come — the life of which we know nothing. If such a life there be. And slowly I drop to pieces amidst my pro phesying." "What a strange life!" said the Angel." Only once or twice does Mr. Wells drop into the first person, and descant, as It were, upuu me inner lueumiig u: jus own fertile fancies. On these occasions he Is less happy. But he has added a remark able book to the literature of the season, and we are duly grateful. The copy before us is forwarded by Messrs. Angus and Robertson; tho publishers being J. M. Dent and Co., of "Aldine House" famo. We looked for great things in Alfred Austin's long-promised romance, "In Ve ronica's Garden" (Macmlllan .and Co.), having certain pleasant recollections ot Its fore-runner, "A Garden That I Love," published i about fifteen months ago. "In Veronica's Garden" Is one of the daintiest volumes possible, delicately resplendent In pale blue and silver, and illustrated from a series of photographs of one of those lovely old gardens, tree-shaded, witli velvet lawns, that only an English country house can boast in perfection. It is a book fra grant with flowers, and rich with floating half-vague poetic fancies, but it hardly does justice to a poet of Mr. Austin's calibre, except in the verses with which It is besprinkled. There are some rather ar tificial and desultory conversations mainly about literature, art, and the poets, carried on in corners of the garden, between tho characters that appeared on a former occa sion, or rather under those names, for Voronica, Lamia, and the Poet are too ob viously more mouthpieces for Mr. Austin's particular ideas to be called "characters." Still, there is a sort of idyllic peace and quiet about tho book that rests one amid the turmoil of revolutionary theories; and Veronica's Garden itself is an ideal place to dream in, from rosy dawn to tho hour of "wet grass and darkening trees, and the moist silence that Is waiting for tho night ingales." George Robertson and Co. forward three additions to Macmiliali's paper-covered Co lonial Library. "A Pair of Blue Eyes," by Thomas Hardy, is one of that, now famous author's earlier works, In which the master touch of "Tess of tho d'Urbervilles" is hardly more than foreshadowed. But it Is au eminently readablo story, nevertheless, having for its heroine Elfrido, another ill- fated girl, who, while sho loos one man with tho whole force of her nature, finds in him a judge as pitiless as Angel Clare, when a meru foolish escapade of her ear liest youth, is disclosed. The scenes are laid in a nook off tho rugged YVessex coast, that has long boon recognised, though the actors In the drama, witli their passions and sorrows, wero either imaginary or handled too carefully for identification. Charlotte Yonge Is uuothnf writer who needs no introduction. Ill "A Loug Vaca tion,!' her many reinless Will find the same sympathy, the same pure, domestic, atmo sphere, and the same bright, How of narra tive that they have learnt to expect from a most industrious source. Miss Yonge Is not a great writer; she does not pretend to greatness, but in her own quiet groove she does her work conscientiously and well. "The Herons," by Helen Shipton, is the third new book In this series, and a very tender, charming little story it is — a story of a family divided against itself through an act of youthful deceit on one side, and an unrelenting hardness on the other, un til, in a time of danger, and under the in fluence of Btrong and novel emotions, the olive-branch of peace is tendered and ac cepted, and all are re-united. , 't- From Hutchinson and Co. we acknow ledge a copy of Rita's latest novel, "A Woman In It," by far the most brilliant piece of Yvriting we have seen from tho same pen, popular as it undoubtedly is. The story can hardly be called pleasant, for it deals with the life and experiences ot a woman who must fairly be styled an adventuress. But she has her good points, Including a warm heart and a naturally generous nature, and, falling under the in fluence of a true-hearted woman, rises to better tilings. The same firm forward "A Deadly Foe," by Adeline Sergeant; "The 'One Who Looked On," by F. F. Montresor; and "The Silver Fairy Book," already no ticed in these columns. "The One Who Looked On" is a story told with a subtle, old-fashloried grace, reminding one strongly of Miss Thackeray. And Miss Thackeray Is always connected in our minds with dried lavender, jars of faded roseleaves, and delicate old lace. "The Red True Story Book," forwarded by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, and pub lished by Longmans, Green, has Andrew Lang for editor, and such contributors as Rider Haggard, S. R. Crockett, Miss Agnes Repplier, Andrew Lang himself; and many other authors known to fame. What changes since the days of our grandmothers and grandfathers! when any sort of litera ture tvas considered good enougli for little folks. 