' - j_s xB^S^^ A Tragedy in the Snow, , - (By Fortesoue Welis.) We meet them at the doorway, on the Along the passages they come. and go, . Iinpa pable impressions on the air, A sense oE something moving to and fro. We have no title deeds to hous9 or lands; . Owners and occupant3 of earlier dates From graves forgotten stretch their dusty hand?, And hold in mortmain still their old estates. Longfellow,. 'To let, near Lofthouse, Niderdale desirable family residence, ten rooms, good garden, splendid .view, moderate rent. For further particulars apply Messrs Gordon and Sons, Batley-Btreet, Leeds.' So ran the advertisement in the ' To let' column in the Leeds Express, over which I had been poring, trying to come to a decision as to which of the many apparently desirable residences ray wife and I should inspect that day. For a whole week we had been diligently in specting desirable residences, and were thoroughly tired of this occupation; however, with the hope that we had at laBt found one to suit us, I called on Messrs Gordon and Sons, and from them obtained the further particulars. , The house they stated was situated about three miles from Lofthouse, and stood in well- wooded grounds; there was also a good orchard,containingmany choice fruit trees, and a splendid view of the surrounding country was to be obtained from the windows. They also informed me that an old couple occupied a small cottage at the rear of the premises; the wife had charge of the keys and .would show us over the house, and no doubt if we took Beech Hall the husband, Enoch Stmigman, would be willing to act in the capacity of gardener for a trifling wage. The rent was extremely moderate — about half what we had been asked for similar residences, a fact which should have arouEed our suspicions; but unfortunately for us, as after events proved, it did not, so the following!' dav we iourneved to Loffchouse.to inspect Beech Hall. y. Beech Hall was approached by a fine beech avenue, through which we passed over a thick carpet .of mast. It was a picturesque house when viewed from the front; quaint projecting windows with diamond-Bhaped panes and grey gables covered with a species of lichen pro vclaimed its age. The massive and quaintly carved door, which was guarded on either side by a stone griffin, was approached by a wide flight of steps. The flower garden in front was the only thing which had a modern appearance. This was laid out in terraces and allowed signs of recent care and attention. The interior of the house corresponded with the exterior. Over the fireplace In the front rooms large mirrors, each surrounded by a rose-coloured marble border, were built into the wall ; the dark oak wainscotting was richly carved; all was old-fashioned, solid, and sub stantial. '' By a broad staircase we gained the , upper corridor, on to which opened four bedrooms— The largest room,Bituated over the dining-room and facing the front of the house, was handsomely panelled in black oak, and the cornices and mantel piece were richly carved in shamrocks and roses, the emblem of Scotland being absent. When passing through this room the old woman drew our attention to a rose in. the tracery, which she pressed, when a panel '. slid back, disclosing what had evidently been a secret cloBet. The qualntnesa of the rooms and the general appearance of the house pleased us bo much that after a 'cursory glance at its surroundings we decided to take it, and wrote to the agent that evening to that effect. As we left Beech Hall we informed the woman that we intended to take it. She eyed us curiously as she re marked dryly— 'Aurm not vurry parshul to old haases, but its good luck a8 it happens, aB W6*ve uat git th' one to sewt yo.' We liked Beech Hall and 'the neigh bourhood so well that after residing there for about four months we contemplated taking it on a long lease, and one day as I was watching Enoch Smugman prune a luxuriant rosebush I mentioned this fact to him. The old man started nervously, dropping his knife. 'Doant yo,' master,' he exclaimed hur riedly ;'j' doant you. Cum winter It's a fearsome place for the \\\ omen folk, when It be dark and the deed lady walks,' ' Dead lady walks ; what do you mean?' Before answering my question Enooh looked furtively around. 'You be haunted sure,' he said with a solemn nod towards the house, hia wrinkled face puckered up mysteriously. 'Nonsense, Enoch, an old woman's tale.' 'Ifc baint nonsense, 'ghe replied sturdily, 'for aw sin her mysel wi' her deed child.' 'Her! who?' ' Dorothy Metcalfe.' ' Who is Dorothy Metcalfe V* 'Her as walks.' ' Impossible,' I exclaimed ; ' why we have been here four months and have seen nothing.' 'All the same her walks; yo'll see her cum winter,' Enoch answered dog gedly. Though I had very little belief as to Enoch's statement, knowing how absurdly superstitious the peasantry in that dis trict were, and how thoroughly wedded they were to their ideas, still I felt reluctant to close with the agent's offer, and so stipulated for a twelvemonth's occupation before taking it for a longer term ; but it was not till one evening in the early winter that anything occurred which gave me reason to think that after all there might.be some truth in the statement of the old man that the house was haunted. One evening I had walked down to the stables to look at one of my horses, and stood talking to the groom for a few min utes, when just as I was about to return to the house I waB surprised to observe a lady approaching through the trees on my left. She was dresssd in a long dark cloak, the hood drawn over her head, and muffled in a shawl she carried a child pressed close to her shoulder, I turned to the lad, and was about to enquire who the lady was, for the gait and pose of the figure were unmistakably refined, when I was surprised to see his usually ruddy face ashy pale, and his eyes almost start ing out of his head. ' Why, what is the matter ? ' I cried, 'The ghost, ' he stammered. ' Where ! ' He pointed to the figure which had con tinued its walk paBt the stables, croBsed the avenue, and just as we looked was entering the front door. The fear the groom exhibited and his statement that it was the ghost reminded me of Enoch Smugman's story : still I was sceptical, and hastened to the house hoping to find that it was some late and uuexpected visitor to my wife. When I entered our well-lighted draw ing-room I found my wife much agitated. Almost immediately on entering she com plained to me that just afc dusk she had met on the stairs a woman wrapped in a» long dark cloak, with . her hood drawn1 closely over her face. She appeared to be carrying something, but It was too dark to distinguish what it was, and when she spoke to her she obtained no reply. Supposing her to be one of the maids she made enquiries ia the kitchen as to who had been out without leave, but both girls Btoutly denied leaving the kitohen since dark, In which assertion they were supported by my man White. My wife was extremely annoyed at w hat she considered the servants' -duplicity. Not wishing .to alarm her unnecessarily, I did not tell her what I had seen, hoplig that the visits of the ghostly lady would not be frequent. I was doomed to be disappointed. The next evening about the same time I was passing through the corridor into which bur bedroom opened, when I saw the same figure that I had seen in the ground coming towards mt. I put out my hand to arreBt her, but! was horrified to find that I had grasped nothing. My hand passed right through the figure, which took no notice whatever, but glided down the stairs into the hall, and a few minutes later I saw it enter fche Beech Avenue. Later in the evening I again looked out of the window and caught a glimpse of a tall, slight figure, and I fancied that above the whistle of the wind I could hear the sob of a child. When we retired that night I was unable to sleep, but tossed restlessly about wondering for how long I should be able to hide the fact of these ghostly visit* from my wife. She was so highly nervous that 1 dreaded the consequences of the shock should she suddenly become aware that the house was haunted. At length I fell into an uneasy slumber, from which I was awoke by my wife shaking my arm. 'Harry, Harry,' she cried, 'don't you hear It 1 Don't you hear the child 1' ' Child, nonsense, my dear, you must have had an unpleasant dream, or perhaps it was a gabble raohet in the old beech trees.' ' No, Harry, it is not nonsense ; I have heard it for the last ten minutes, but would not wake you till I was quite sure.' ' 'A child out in the park in this, weather at one o'clock in the morning.' ' Yes. Oh, there it is again, and my wife clasped my arm convulsively. 1 sprang to the window and drew aside the blind. What I beheld rooted me to the spot. The moon was shining aB clear as day, the smallest object being easily distinguishable, there ; standing at the foot of the steps, was a lady. The long dark cloak in which she had been enveloped had fallen to her feet, dis closing the costume of the seventeenth century, the silver buckles of her shoes gleaming! in the moonlight. Her long, tightly laced bodice was crossed by a handsome lace kerchief, and fastened by a jewelled claBp ; while her long fair hair* hung In a profusion of curls over her shoulders after the manner of Royalist ladles whose portraits I remember to have seen. As I looked she raised the child high in her arms as if showing It to some one, keeping her eyes steadily fixed on the hall door the while. 1 could see by the movement of her lips that she was speaking, but the wind was too high; to permit me to hear what Bhe Baid. A cold hand fell on mine. The tension on my nerves was so great that I started ? violently; It waB my wife who had followed me. 'Let them in, Harry,' ehe dried hysterically. ' No, no, my dear, that Is Impossible,' i replied. Something In my tone and manner arrested my wife'a attention, and she ap peared to realise that these visitors were from another world, and with a cry of horror she fell insensible at my feet. As the morning dawned the lady raised her cloak, and gathering it round her crossed the avenue in the direction of Fiahpond Wood. The next day I spoke to Enoch about these visitors. 41 Aw bin quite aewer an sartin aw wud cum back. Wahiver doant yo go an open th1 door, maister, or wua may happen.' Tne following night we were not dis turbed, nor indeed were we for more than a week, when the same visit was repeated. Occasionally we would see a darkly ohrouded figure flitting about the stair case, and once I was awoke by the creak ing of the secret door to see Dorothy Metcalfe attending with a lighted lamp by ourbedside, the hood of the long cloak Bhe usually wore thrown back and an eager anxious look on her face. My wife's health suffered so much from these repeated viait3 that we were com! polled to' remove to a neighbouring house that had^become vacant, though I own I wan loath to do bo, as I had taken a great liking 'to the quaint old place. It was not till some months after we' had left Beech' Hall' that' I 'learned the particulars of Doroiky: Metoalfe's history from ' an old resident of the 'districts' CHAPTER II. In the .year, 1651. there resided at Beech Hall' a very ,61,d . Yorkshire, ifamily named Mejtcalfe, ,;Qllb,ert MetcaifeiWas a. proud austere ?man^who , had epoused .the cause of 'the rpomni on wealth, people Baid, more beoauae of .his hatred to,: his neighbour. Heron ^il^rs, ,of Whernside Park, ;a Btanch ,'; old j Royalist gentleman, than for any o^heri reason. The , two men , had in their youth been rivals for the hand of a, certain Mistress, Harmony Dlgby, and from the hour when it became known that ' Heron gilders was the successful suitor there nad! been ill-will between them. Gilbert had an only, daughter, Dorothy, \- and' Heron Wild era had an .onlyA.,sonr Llon'elV 'HoW theBe two young people be came acqalnted, and how acquaintance ripened, into love, till they bebame secretly : betrothed to 'each other,' history doeb not tell us, but bo it was. , Their stolen maetiiigs were few and far between, forln these troublous times, when party f eellhg ran high/ it would have bleen fool hardj ''f ot the young Royalist to' be, seen near' the residence of ' Gilbert Metcalfe. or to attract the notice of that powerful rurican. The old beech-tree in the Fishpond Wood ;v alone, witnessed, their stolen meetings,' and it waB. here. Dorothy met Lionel,,, before,, he, joined the forces of OharleBStuafii on his way to Worcester. Anxiously she waited for newB, and when the tidinga of. their defeat reached her It waB, a terrible shock,, for, the trusty measenger had to tell, of the death of the brave' Heron Wildera, and that bis son Lionel was a. , proclaimed .fugitive and grievously yfouhded. On \ receiving this message) Dorothy took her .old i: nurse j into her: confidence, who suggested that no better or safer place. could , be found for rher wounded lore* to hide than the secret closet of the gueatchambar, of Beech Hall, for who — argued, ..the.- jold twoman-^ would suspect Gilbert Metcalfe of harbouring the son of blip enemy, Heron Wildera, under his roof,,, Certainly no . emissary of the Common wealth would think of looking for him .there. So Lionel Wilders, accompanied by his servant, Ephraim, made ,hia , way as rapidly i as hla wounds ?would permit to -the neighbourhood of BeeohiHall to be nursed by;Dorothy'a old nurse, whose BympathleB were with the young; people. There wa-j ; solemn feasting at Beech Hall; on Gilbert Metoalfe's return from the war— thanksgiving for the ' crowning mercy'-rrafc Worcester, in which so many Royallsta perbhed, and thanksgiving that thejcgoodly heritage of the godless rebel Heron Wilders had fallen to the share of Gilbert Metcalfe. A£ter;-the feast waa over Gilbert called hlBidaughtei'jDorothy aside. ??1 have, given thee,' he said to her, 'In troth to the godly youth,; Jabez Holdiaat, -one 'ol-the Lord's faithful; goodly to look upon ia he, *nd.--well portioned. See thou makeat him an obedieht'wife*' - - ... Unfortunately for the laucoeBS of Gilbert Metcalfe's soheme,i, his 'daughter's taste differed from his. So far from admiring the godly youth whom her father had selected for her husband, Mistress Dorothy had often laughed at his ap pearance and expressed her annoyance at his boorish mannerB. She contrasted hia long doleful countenance, slovenly dress, and light sandy hair, surmounted by a small black cap, with her Royalist lover — with hla graceful manners, handBoine CUvaller - dreaa, and dark-brown curly locks. No wonder that she secretly rebelled against her father's commanda to marry a mau ho objeotlottable to her ; but in those daya daughtera were expected to obey their parents in this as in all other matters ; if they did not the punishment they received was apt to take a very practical form. When Dorothy received his father's command Bhe lost no time in communicat-. Ing it to her lover. As may be imagined1 the lovers were filled with dismay at thia ill news, but after 'their firat surprise was over they set their wits to work, and .soon devised a method of thwarting the plans of Gilbert Metpalfe. They realised that their, situation was desperate, so acting on the principle that de3perate di-jeaseB re quire desperate remedies, they resolved that though Lionel Wilders's wounds were hot quite healed he should at once endea vour to escape to Frande, and directly Dorothy heard of hia safe arrival she would try to follow him and there' be come his wife. . . y . -The next night;1 in- fqrtheran'ce of their plans, Lionel Wilders swung himself ;fr6m the window of the great chamber of Beeoh Hall, and by the aid of a friendly branch reached the1 ground In safety. Stealing along under the shadow of the tree3 he reached the stables, where Amos, ihe man servant (who was devotedto hiB young mistress), helped him to climb a wagon of hay which was to leave the next morning, and there, hidden amongst 'the' grosses, he passed the night. ', The next morning the loadi of hay departed, Gilbert Metcalfe giving his man directions aB to the road, little thinking as he did bo that he waa aiding a Royalist, and the Bon of hiB old enemy1, to e ?cape. . Amos carried Lionel and' bis load safely to the village of MaHelyf where by the aid of a long grey beard, some old clothesYand a stout stick1 to support bis tottering steps andv to be uaed Jri ^self defence, should occasion require, Lionel Wildera waa traiiafbrfiied -into a decrepit old man: : i Amos chuckled &a; Lionel rehearsed' his pare in iuo uuiu. ? c A w thinkas you'll do} lad, but; speak no more thaii yo'can help. Trust ho inon, an' g6 abuth.' . . . Thia waa 'sound advice, to which' Lionel tbdkgbdd heed, fbr If a douiitful perHon addressed him : he was Btode:deaf,B and hla hacking cough and' wheezing^. voice procured him much pity from the' women folk. One dark1 evening, a few days later? a decrepit' old man, bent with age and rheumatism, made his way Into theJ Banded kitchen of the 'Blue Pig' ' at Shoreham and begged the -good wife tb give him a bed, for it waa -many: a -weary mile he had travelled to See his son, who' was lying sick In the next town. The woman did so with many ; wishes that all would be well— wishes that the old man devoutly echoed. The next morning the man' waa missing, but in his place lay a grey wig and three gold pieces whiohithe good; wife placed in: her pocket, and like a wise woman said nothing. A week later, a pigeon -flew1 In at the window of Dorothy . Metcalfe's room ' and nestled on her shoulder. With' trembling- fingers she cut the thread that bound a tiny note td the bird's wing'i and read'^he welcome news of her lover's safe arrival in Normandy. ? Shortly after the. arrival of this . messenger it was rumoured Mistress Dorothy was ill — too 111 to'leaye her room, and Patience, Dorothy's old nurse/ sighed as she told the village gossip, that she feared no wedding would take place at Beech Hall that year. When Dorothy had been ill and confined to her room for about a-.5 fortnight' another pigeon flew in at the window, this time it waa caught sby^Nurse Patience, who «3e tabhed from Hawing, a small scrap' of paper, * on whloh waa Written the i tford— «gfa ThiB ! second me3S3ge 'brought by the carrier pigeon was from Dorothy. She was Bafe with her lover in Normandy. When a few days prior to the date fixed foe the wedding, Gilbert Metcalfe returned home to find hia daughter missing hia wrath was terrible, and frightened even those who were accustomed to his violent outbursts ; and when be learned that she was the wife of Lionel Wilders he swore a great oath that he would compaas sea and land to be avenged on him for robbing him of his daughter ; while the godly youth, JabSs- Holdfast, when he found that he had^ lost both wife and dower, used words not found in the vocabulary of the righteous, Charles Stuart, being anxious td com municate with some of his faithful adherents at Leeds, and finding none mongst hia excited followers more suited lo be: hia -messenger than Lionel ' Wilders, proposed that he should carry a cipher letter to a certain Hugh Seymour^ a sup poaed Puritan, but at heart a loyal Royalist. Lionel, nothing loth, agreed to go, for six years. had passed since .the Battle of Worcester — years ., which haxl altered him from a stripling to ^ 'man,; he'-,' thought ??= there waa little danger of reoognitio.n— with the letter; In ciphea stitqhed in;: r his- doublet he crossed the .Channel, journeyed to ' Leeds, and delivered -'hla message, and after waiting a few days for the 'replycomtnenced his return journey southward.5 ? . Biding briskly1 along a by-road in York shire he overtook on : old man; logging Boberly along,' to whom he ; bade;- a civil 'good day.' ' . \ The man turned quickly and eagerly scanned hia face. The recognition was mutual. Gilbert NMe'tcalf e arid Lionel Wildera were face to fade. 'At last !' cried Gilbert MetcahV his face darkened by an evil acowl— ' at last!1' : Lionel Wilders'a hand closed Instinc tively on the plBtol he had carried In' his. holster, but in a moment heVremembered1 that this man was hia wlfeVf ather,arid he1 who would Have scorned to flee from' any other man put spurs to hia horse -' and galloped away. . Gilbert Metcalfe waa not the man to let hia enemy eBcape-'dfter 'meeting; him at such- close quarters. ?All through' the day he and those' he called to his aid kept ' up the parauit, till at last wounded and exhausted Lionel was surrounded and taken prisoner and before nightfall lodged in the Leeds gaol, and when dn being searched the document in cipher was found in hla doublet hia fate was sealed. When Dorothv: heard of Lidnel's arrest she hastened to England. reBolve'd td brave her father's anger ia order if possible to save her husband's life. She did not know then what she learned at the interview with her father that it was his relenilesB pursuit of her husband that had Secured his capture. Knowing ihe great influence he had with the Pr'oiector, she. hoped' In her ex tremity to obtain her father's forgiveness for ''?fier runaway marrlagej and induce him to Intercede with Cromwell for her' hus. band's life; but she was 'doomed to bitter disappointment, and to learn what' base deeds men will commit when actiuatad by. party or sectarian haitred Again' and^ again' her' father refused to see her ; again? and again1 she pleaded with the aervants to admit her to the Hall, but none dared do so. ; Despairing v and desperate, two days, before the date fixed for her husband'a execution, Dorothy determined to make a last efiort to see her father. Snow had fallen heavily the preceding twenty.four hours, rendering the road almost impas sable, and Bhe was unable to obtain any conveyance at ' Lof thouse ; but, nothing.: daunted by these difficulties, the devoted wife, with her infant child in her arms, determined to walk, and she stumbled and staggered through the heavy snow along three miles of road to Beech Hall. On thiB occasion Bhe was admitted to the Hall by her old nurse, who had re solved to risk all in her love for her young mistress. 'Th' malater be: glowerin' over th' fire, Miss Dorothy; God grant hia hard heart may : soften at th' sight of bia ' bonnie grandson. ? Goa to him, my child, an may th' gotid God help yo.' ' ^ Dorothy stepped noiselessly into the rpom; so; silently thai at first her ; father did not hear 'heri She looked}' fearfully' - ! at him. Thinking himself alone, Gllberk Metcalfe had put aside the mask he us. ually wore, and had allowed his counten ance to mirror the feelings of hia heart— . vindictive, triumphant hate was written ao plainly on his sour visage thatDorothy'a ' heart failed her, and she felt on the verge of fainting, but the recollection of the danger to which her huBband waa exposed steeled her nerves. 'Father! oh, father! ' she cried, throw ing herself at his feet, ' pity me— forgive me -save my husband— save Lionel 1 One word from you will do it ! ' Gilbert Metcalfe rose slowly to his feet, hia face convulsed with wrath and hate, that Nurae Patience, watohing at the door, feared he would strike the cowering girl, and hastily entered, one thought uppermost— to defend her nurseling. 'Thia is thy puniBhment for being yoked wifch a aon of Belial. Save Lionel Wilders? No, woman, the, Lord has; in the fulneaa of time delivered him lhtomy hands, and I will now be avenged on- my, v enemy. I wbb the humble instrument in the hands of the. Lord to capture the Papist spy-?- the 'wolf in sheep'a clothing. To-morrow he dies. So perish -all enemieso of the'bhosen goVernment! Go, woman ; leave. my.presence. .... ,-, ; J Dorothy .recognised the useiesBneea of further pleading, and rose to her feet, terror and loathing of her fath;ef .'-pictured on her expressive face. She tried to ;i speak, but could not,, and Gilbert Met calfe, heedless of the piteous entreaties of old Patience, thrust her roughly from the', hall door into the bitter night. ? Closing ^,nd- locking the door, he/ placed the keys In his pocket, and taking down hia muBket he Bat in' the hall the whole night through, threatening td -^ shoot any one who should dare to open the door.. ; .: . ., In vain did Patience in a frenzyof grief throw herself ' at hia ,; feet and beg, him to forgive her, young mistress, or at 'least L give her shelter for the night, t ' As yo hope tolbe forgiven, meiater, let -?? them I' agean ; yo' will kill the child. It'a murder ta's doin',' Ia not th'-de^th o' its father enow on ta soul ?'' ' Silence, woman.' ' Aw -;helt mi ? tongue . long ? enowj^yo 1 ahalt hear it now. May happen yo will turn me out wi' her. - v Doan't ia^hear the child cry in'— th' little child— ti 6wn-fleBh and blood ? Gilbert'Metcalfe, if they dies' ini God forglve''yo— monrnever will— yd'lf be bvanded loike Cain.' . ; r Thus the aforetime 'gentle- Patience stormed at and cursed her master, Slit Gilbert Metcalfe was obdurate. The next morning :?? when search was fi made by the anxious servants! Dorothy was found at the , foot: of the did beech tree in Fishpond 'Wood, where she11 used to meet/her JJoyalist lover— dead^-if r6zerf ; io death— with her infant child clasped in s her arms. ?; The following night Lionel Wilders escaped through the'eohn^vance' of /nil gaolers^ who were heavily bribed5, and for the second time'' reached the continent, where he remained- till' the King en joyed hia own again,'.' wneir he^feturnad to England, and; regained possession of hia estates. ;.; ? ?.':?? : ?; From the day of her deathB'every winter, as soon as the sridw descended, Dorothy's restless ispirlfcl flitted 'through ' the beech avenue, -aridl glideW noiselessly down the dark' staircase, making Beech 1 Hall ao 'unendurable 'to Gilbetf iMet'calf, that for the rest of his prolonged1 Iife^hW lived at Leeds, a1 sour misanthropic*?oldH.f man, praying for the death that would- noti^ !come, and. ever oppressed with; the memory of .his harshness and' cruelty, ~ which resulted In that sad tragedy In the anow. 