Telk release of the condemned man Dean opens a new era in the judicial life of Australasia, and the wb^le cir camstonces are cerbninly of an nnsaMs factory character, with the single, bat very important, exception — that the life of a man has been Bpared. On the evidence adduced at the trial it is difficult to see how any other verdict could be arrived at than that given by the jury ; but the conduct of the pre siding Judge was of a most ex traordinary character. Believing the prisoner to be guilty, the Judge ad dressed tbe jury in such a way as to practically compel them to condemn Dean, and it was the harsh manner of the Judge which really created the agitation which led to the appoint ment of a Commission to re-open the trial, and, finally, to the reprieve and release of the prisoner. Apart from the merits or demerits of the particular case, the reversal of the vcraict of a Judge is an innovation of a startling character, especially when it is the result of popular clamor. What has been done in the case of Dean maybe repeated, and, now that the barrier has ; been broken down, and tbe verdict of 1 the judicial Bench is no longer abso- ' lately fiual, there can be no doubt that the position of the Bench has been very seriously weakened. The Govern ment of New South Wales having con stituted itself actually an impromptu Court of Appeal, the question of a properly constituted Criminal Court of Appeal must of necessity be considered. This is a subject of the very utmost importance. At tbe present time if a defendant iB fined, or loses a suit in which a few pounds are involved, he possesses the privilege of appeal ing, first to a higher Court, and again to tbe Privy Council. If, how ever, his life or liberty is at stake he has no possible hope of appeal — the verdict is final, whether the sentence be committal to paol or death on the gallows. Thos, if a Judge, magistrate, or jury is deemed to have made a mistake, remedial action is specially provided where money or property is tbe issue — where life or liberty is im perilled the error of Judge, magistrate, or jury is like that of medical men, fatal. It is true that the experience of the United States in the matter of Criminal Appeal Courts is the very reverse of satisfactory. They are taken advantage of by experts in criminal law, men who prostitute their talents to rob justice aud to protect the most brutal wretches from the just vengeance of outraged law and shocked humanity. Every legal quibble that can be raised by these legal accessories to crime is permitted to hamper, embarrass, delay, and frequently to evade justice, the results being scandalous and dangerous to society to a deplorable degree. But whilst the American example is so distinctly bad and unsatisfactory in this direction, there does not appear to be the slightest possibility of the de grading experiences of the United States being repeated in Australia. Certainly the procedure adopted in the Dean case in Sydney cannot be permitted to be recognised as a pre cedent, unless the Government is to be regarded as a permanent Criminal Court of Appeal — a course which could not be too strongly condemned. No more dangerous system could possibly be introduced than that of making tbe Go vernment of the day a Court of Appeal from the decision of the Judges, ft is true that at the present time the Execu tive Council has the power to reprieve men under sentence of death, and also to order the release of any prisoner. These powers, however, are not likely to be abused, and are not at all parallel to the conversion of tbe Cabinet into a Court of Appeal. In the case imme diately under review, few, if any, will be found regretting the reprieve of the man Dean — whether be be deemed guilty or innocent. To the lay mind mercy, even when misplaced, generally overrides justice, and that the wretched man has been given the benefit of the doubts that existed will be almost universally approved. But tbe pro cedure throughout has been the very ! reverse of satisfactory, and Justice lias j received a very rude shock by being ' made subservient to the voice of ; Demos. Apart from sympathy, and I the desire to save the life of a con- 1 dcinncd man, it is nevertheless palp- 1 able that apart from the jury, the I I Judge who tried the case and the legal member of the Commission deemed Dean guilty, whilst the two lay mem bers of the Commission believed him j innocent. If the case were the begin- 1 niug aud the end of the matter the | fact of the condemned man being re leased would outweigh all other con siderations ; but,unf ortunately,a prece dent has been established, the far reaching and baneful effects of which cannot at this juncture be appre ciated. It means that the Govern ment of the day has been consti tuted a Criminal Court of Appeal —the verjr worst constitution that could possibly have been adopted. Governments are essentially political in every thought and deed, and no greater error could be made than by dragging sacrcd impartial Justice through the mire of politics and political intrigues and influences, especially such as those which dominate the government of New South Wales. It would be in finitely preferable to establish a pro perly constituted judicial Court of Appeal rather than to allow the pro cedure of the Dean case to be regarded as a precedent, and the Cabinet be con stituted a Court of Appeal from the decisions of the Bench. Tub debate on the Financial State ment was opened last night, three Kpeakers occup^in^ as many hours. Contrary to expectation, the debate was exceedingly mild, owing to the moderation of Mr Henry. In opening1 the discussion, the cx-Treaaurer spoke for au hour aud a half, his chief poinis being opposition to taking £10,000 from tfee assttrahce fund, objections to the Unimproved Value Tax on land, opposition tb' issuing lobatly inscribed stocked* Contention thai £42,000 of tlhpaid fcaxatitin trahsferred from last year should not be considered revenue for the present year, as it wonld mean that additional taxation to the extent of £42,000 would have to be imposed. The Premier's speech chiefly consisted of a defence of the unimproved value, which he explained clearly and ^ effectively. Mr Lewis followed, principally on the ground traversed by Hr Henry. The debate was universally conceded to be tbe tamest in connection with any Budget for many years, ahd will probably be concluded on Thursday, as no adverse motion will be tabled on Ministers* proposals,' which are endorsed by a j large majority tif members. . OONSOMDATBD REVENUE.— A printer's error occurs in the figures towards the eDd of tbe sub-leader in yesterday's issue in I respect to revenue receipts. It should road i -—For the first six months £870,600 (not j £670,500) has been received, leaving £887,880 to be obtained for the laBthalf | year— an estimate which should certainly be I realised, especially ob there are hopeful signs I of renewed confidence. 8pibituali6u Exposed.— An entertain ment will be given in the Academy of Music to-night by Mr Binest Hosking, tbe creator of living, breathing ghosts, who has done so much to dJsillnsionise the public mind aa to the possibility of materialising departed spirits. The talented 'spook' I nsual, be -assisted by Miss I Aida Fitt-Eoy, the clever mvstifier, who has I bo successfully contributed towards the Intel* leot&al; amusement afforded at previous entertainments. The Citv Band will meet at the practice-room at 7*15 p.m„ and play to the Academy, which should be again crowded in view of the txv oie which Mx Hosking promises to give. Early Closing association. — To-nigbt the interest being taken in the early closing and weekly half -holiday movement will be further aroused by the efforts of the com mittee, who will submit the fifth concert programme of the season at the Mechanics* Institute. A good programme is promised of vocal and instrumental items, in which tbe following ladies and gentlemen will take part Madame Herbert Shaw, and Mim Elsie Gnnv who will *ing the ever popular ' Fiddle and I Mr W . Lee Gunnell, who will contribute several of his best recitals, both humorous and other wise; Mr J. M'Clymont, and Mr W. W. Brunsden, who will sing 'The Storm Fiend.' The second portion of the entertainment will be con tributed to by the members of the Launceston Comedy Club, who will prodace the amusing farce entitled 41 The Steeplechase,' which abounds in comical situations, and hss several soogB introduced. The St. Joseph's Band will lead a procession of shop assis tants, which will leave the Workmen's Club at 7*45 p.m. In order that the usual crush ing at the doore may be avoided they will be opened &t; 7*16. The Wbatheb.— Testcrday morning was the coldest in the experience of Launceston for some considerable time. The terrestrial thermometer read 21'5dcg., being 10{deg. of frost. All day the barometer was falling, and at six o'clock in the evening rain began to falL The forecast for to-riav is fine, cloudy, with calms or light W.N.W, wind. University Extension Lectures. — The first lecture of a series on the ' Dawn ot English Drama,' prepared fcy Mr W. H. Williams, M.A., University lectarer on classics and English, was repeated at tbe leciuTe-room of the Mechanics' Institute last evening. The lecture was read to a small audience by Mr G. W. Watrrhouse, who expressed his regret that better patron age was not afforded, and unless greater en couragement were given the series would not be carried through. The lecture, whioh has previously been reported, was very in teresting, dealing as it did with the opening of the drama in the shape of religious symbols, its introduction to England by the Normans in the 12th century, its passage from tbe priest to the laity, from the Church to the people, right down to the Shakespearian era. Phesentation. — Long service in any one employment is without doubt one of tbe best guarantees of the ability and fidelity to the employer's interests 'of tbe person so employed ; and it would be indeed singular if, in studying these interests, the merit which of right attaches to a faithful dis charge of one's duties were to pass alto gether unnoticed. It is not anv matter for surprise, therefore, that the friends and , fellow employees of Mr George Whitelaw, I who has been identified with the well-known I ironmongery establishment of Messrs. Frank I Hart and Son, of Brisbane-street, lor tip- ' wards of 18 years, should take the oppor tunity, upon the eve of the severance of his connection with that business, of in some mewure testifying the esteem and kindly feeling they entertain towards him. With this object in view, on Saturday evening last, prior to the dosing of business for the wee£v^re bandB met together and presented Mr Whitelaw with an address, sccompanicd with a handsome Morocco travelling bag and a set of brushes in solid leather case. Mr IlUngworth, to whom were entrusted the duties of spokesman, in making the presen tation referred to the uniform kindness aud unvarying courtesy of tbe recipient during his long connection with the firm, which, he stated, had won the esteem of the general public aB well as that of his fellow assistants, 10 whom no greater pleasure could be afforded than by the knowledge of their late comrade's success in life. Mr White law, upon whom— to use a colloquialism— the presentation was 'sprung,' replied in feeling terms and thanked the donore for their kind expressions concerning him. Mr Whitelaw leaves for the mainland in tbc courae of a week or so, with the object of enjoying a well-earned holidav before settling down again to the stern reality of business. Memorial Chuboh Anniversary.— a I tea ana public meeting was held last even* I iog to celebrate the anniversary of the Memorial Church, Wellington-street. About 1 400 persona sat down to an excellent tea at J two TclayB in the school-room, which was fittingly and prettily decorated for the occa sion. After the tea anadjourament was made to the church. The Rev. H. J. Lambert pre sided, and in a short speech called upon Mrs MacCarthy, as a representative of Mrs Hcsrv Reed, who is absent in England, to speak as I 'wor^ °* mission started in I Wellington-street by tbe late Mr Henry I Reed. Mrs MacCartby addressed the meet 1 in g and told them something of the strong , missionary spirit with which her father was endowed when he commenced tho work in the very worst part of LauuecBton about nineteen years ago. Since then the miseion | had grown steadily, and the neighborhood had improved greatly, owing no doubt to the blessing which had accompanied the work. Mr E. Foot, one of the church elders, woo had been associated wuh the organiser of the movement, supplemented Mrs MacCartby 's remarks, a ad gave details bb to the progress which had attended tbc labors of those who bad established a much-needed work. The Rev. J, g. Mil lard CWesleyan) gave an address' on tbc Church of God, referring especially to the material Church as a factor inOhristiauisintr the people. The Bev. E. HarriB (Baptist) referred to the many benefits bestowed upon mankind by such adventurous natures as those of Sir John Franklin, Livingstone, the Afncun explorer, Carey, tbe Jndian traveller and others who had labored for Christianity not forgetting the late Mr Henry lteed and those who had been associated in missionary enterprise in Tjaunccston for the ameliom tion of the mosses. The llev. Richard Smith spoke on the necessity for more persistent prayer, which always ensured success if indulged in in a proper spirit. The singine of the Doxology concluded a good meetinl about 9-30 p.m. 8 City Police Codbt.— At this court yesterday, before Mr Ernest WhitfeJd, P.M., a drunkard was admonished and dig. cbargcd, baring expressed due penitence. Travelled. — The Northern members of Parliament journeyed to Hobart bv express yesterday, to be present at Parliament yes terday evening. Mrs Emily THObNE, who resides at Toledo, Washington, sayB she has ueverbeon able 10 procure My medicine for rheumatism that relieves the pain so quickly aud effec tually as Chamberlain's Paia lialm, and that 6he has also ub«l it for lame back with great success. For sale by all dealers, Hat. ton a-t- Laws, General Agents. LeoAl.— Mr Alfred J. Doaglaj^rwiio some - time ago was enrolled as a legal wactltioner in the Supreme Court of Tasmania, and who recently joined M.r Tasman Shields, of this city, yestorday made his first appearance as counsol in action^ at the Oottrt of Requests. Tbe young barrister was retained in two cases, and his conduct of them Created a very favorable impression, tbe clients having been ably represented. Messrs. Shields and Douglas anaoanoe in this morning's issue that they will attend at the office of Mr T. G. Williams, Beaconsfield, on the secondand fourth Wednesday in each month. Fibb Bbioa.de Board. — The nsual monthly meeting of the Fire Brigade Board was held yesterday afternoon at tbe office of the secretary, Mr K. Ritchie, St. John stTeet. Present— Messrs. H. Weedon (chair man), B. Glinti, H. Edgell, and the. superin tendent (Mr B. BenneU). the chairman in timated that arrangements bad been made in regard to the claim on Mn Shaman. In the matter of the suggestion made by Mr Edgell at the previous meeting, the superintendent stated that a member of the brigade was wilting to rent a portion of ithe central station, and would be able to do ail that was required to prevent false alarms, etc. No soperidtendent's report was submitted, as there had been no iires reported. Accounts amouuting to £86 10s 8d were passed £or payment. Three vacancies for firemen in tbc place of Messrs. Ford, Dagnia, and Law son were left to be filled at the discretion of the chairman and the superintendent. This was all the business. Tabmakian Railways. — When inter viewed at Sydney prior to his departure for Newcastle, Mr Pangborn, president of the World's Transportation Committee, U.S., made interesting remarks (says an ex change) about tbc railway systems of the colonies. In Tasmania they have, Mr Pang born^ said, for 160,000 people railroad facilities that would be more than ample for 600,000. They don't pay, of course, and never will, for with the present population there is not enough people to carry on them. The lines are veiy good, and are managed about as well aB they could be, although everything is kept down to tbe narrowest possible margin. There is nothing striking to mention about the roads and system. Woman's Christian Temperance Union.— The second meeting of the series for prayer and thanksgiving being held throughout Australasia took placc yesterday at the residence of Mrs Farmilo, Cimitierc street, and was well attended, about 22 ladies being present. Mrs Sbarman presided, , and read a portion of Scripture, after which several earnest prayers were offered. Mem bers have been greatly cheered and en- j couraged by answers already received to prayer offered during these meetings. Great 1 difficulty was experienced in procuring a | room suitable for a coffee-room, and also J someone to look after it, but all obstacles ' have been already removed, an earnest temperance worker having unexpectedly come forward, offering the use of a room and undertaking the management. The case I of a young man, husband and father, who J has lately given way to intemperance was I brought before the members, and prayer ' offered that he might soon be reclaimed. The monthly meeting will take placc at the Temperance Hall, York- street, at 8*80 p.m. Publications Received. — The June number of the Review of Rctie\o» is to hand from Mr J. Fitzgerald, bookseller, George street, and contains the usual extensive col lection of interesting reading matter dealing with recent public events and questions of current interest, beside being copiously illus trated on the usual lines of this magatine, 1 including many portraits of prominent men , of the day. The two principal articles of j colonial interest are ' The Supreme Court | Bench of South Australia,' and 'The Maori in P.litics,' both copiously illustrated. — ' The current number of the Avttral Eight, a monthly Catholic organ, published in Mel bourne, is of the usual excellence, Church j and literary topics of interest being treated in attractive essays,— Church JVeios, the Anglican Church monthly, in tbe number to hand, among other articles, gives complete arrangements in connection with the new rural deaneries. O. W. O. Haedman, Sheriff of Tyler Co., W. Ya„ appreciates a good thing and does not hesitate to say so. He was almost pros trated with a cold when he procured a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. He says : — M It gave me prompt relief. I find it to be an invaluable remedy for coughs ana colds.' For sale by all dealers. HATTON and LaW6, General agents. MrP.B Fitegerald, bookseller, 173 Charles- 1 street, sends 'J. J. Miller's 1895 Sporting Pamphlet.' Messrs. Irvine and M'Eachern, merchants, Brisbane-street, notify they are agents for the famons ' Cavour' cigars. School duties will be resumed at Miss 1 Huxtablc's private school, Bvandale, next | Monday. I The monthly meeting of the W.C.T.U. will I be held at the Temperance Hall at S'SO p.m. to-day. Dempsters winter fair is announced to commence next Saturday, and to he con tinued for fourteen days. Full particulars of the numerous bargains will be published £n next Friday's issue. Miss Huxtable's pupils will give a 'ooncert in the Council Chambers, Evandale, to-night, when they will be assisted by several local amateurs. Meeting to- night, Mechanics' Institute class-room, of those in favor of evening meetings of Municipal Council. 