? TO COEJ^^OOT QUESTIONS ANSWERED. Coinage of Silver-Jubilee: Were fo shilling pieces ever coined in Australia No; gold coins only are struck at I Mints in Sydney and Melbourne. Mr. Robert Brough-A. S. (Redfern): Ï Robert Brough appeared as Ali Baba a burlesque of "The Porty Thieves," the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, in 1888. Grass Tree "Gum"-Bush Reader: Tin is a demand at present in Europe : grass tree gum (resin). The price giv varies according to the quality of the : sin. Cider Making-J. C. R. (Toowooml Q.); A recipe for malting cider was pu llshed in our issue dated December 29, copy of which can. be obtained at tl office. Candle Making-Selector: A recipe i making mould candles was published our issue dated January 19. You c procure a copy of that paper by sendi stamps to this office. Civil Service Superannuation Act-J. (Nerriga): On what date was the deduct! first made from the salaries of pub: school teachers, in accordance with t Civil Service Superannuation Act?-( January 1, 1885. Polishing Bullocks' Horns-D. A. (Roma, Q.): A recipe for polishing i. horns of bullocks and other animals w published in the "Journal" dated Decei ber 22, 1894. You can procure a copy the paper at this office. Sending Pigs to Sydney-H. G. (Ht drop): 1. How many pigs will one railwi truck hold?-A cattle waggon will ho from sixty to sixty-five; a sheep van fro eighty to ninety. 2. The cost of sendii a truck load of pigs from Yass Junette to Sydney would be £4 14s 9d. Appointing a Trustee-Subscriber (Soul Grafton): Can a man who is at prese] going through the Insolvency Court 1 legally appointed a trustee of a corpora body?-It is not illegal, but neither is judicious to appoint such a one. How to Get Rid of Ants-T. C. K. (A lora, Q.) sends the following remedy f( the white ant and other ants: Dissolve few pounds of soft soap in a few gallor of water, and then pour the solution ov< the nests of the ants. One or two appl cations will generally be sufficient. Book on Palmistry-Subscriber (Nev castle): Can you recommend a good boo on palmistry?-"The Science of the Hand, translated from the French, by Heroi Allen, is considered a good work. It ca be obtained post free for 8s 6d from an bookseller advertising in our columns. Illegitimacy-H. C. W.: Can the fathe of an illegitimate child be sued for mair tenance when it is over three years c age, no proceedings having been take before?-Yes; but strong corroborativ evidence of the mother's statement woul probably be required after such a laps of time. Stale Eggs-Lisle (Narrabri West): Wha causes the offensive odor of bad eggs? The gas known as sulphuretted hydro gen. In the decomposition of the albu men contained in the egg the sulphu which it contains unites with the hy drogen- another of its constituents-thu producing the gas. . Pruning Fig Trees-J. H. (Narellan): have some fig trees growing in my or chard. Should they be pruned ? If so how and when?-Fig trees should b< pruned very- ; carefully, and only wher the leaves are off them. Full particular! are given in our orchard reminders a' tho proper season for pruning. Points of Fowls-I. S. C. (Charters Towers, Q.): 1. It would occupy too mild space to publish the points of all thc breeds you ask about. The best thing you can do is to purchase a copy ol Wright's "Book of Poultry," which car be obtained post free for 4s 2d from any bookseller advertising in our columns. To Keep Flies off Picture Frames-J. B, (Brisbane, Q.): How can I keep flies off picture frames without covering them with muslin?-Boil three or four onions in a pint of water. Then with a gilding brush wash over the frames of the pictures with \- the juice thus obtained. Flies will not alight on any article washed with this solution. Chinamen Landing in West Australia C. S. (Willow Tree): There is no poll tax on Chinese in West Australia. But under the Chinese Restriction Act no vessel may bring more than one Chinese pas senger (except exempts) for over 500 tons register. Chinese may not enter the province by land without a permit under a penalty of £50. The Rowing Championship-Fav. (Mar rickville) : Stanbury and M'Lean rowed three races. The first race took place on November 17, 1890, and was won by M'Lean. This race was not for the championship, as Kemp was champion then. On December 20, 1890, M'Lean beat Kemp for the championship. Stanbury and M'Lean rowed again on April 28, 1891 and the former won. They rowed again on July ll, 1891, and Stanbury won. On this occasion the course was shortened, the race starting at Uhr's Point and ^finishing at The Brothers. jStanbury boat Sullivan over the same short course for the championship on May 2, 1892. Timber and Tobacco Duties-Argumen (Narellan): 1. When was the excise dutj first imposed on tobacco?-In the yeai 1881\. 2. The Stuart Government (Jami ary 5, 1S83, to October 6, 1885) imposed thc excise duties oh tobacco. The Farnel Government (December 18, 1877, to D& Cember 20, 1878) issued the régulations bj virtue of which royalties on timber wert charged. Horticulture-C. H. G. (Numerella): 1 Magnolia grandiflora is easily pro pagated from layers put down in spring Read the illustrated article on layering which appeared in the "Town and Coun try Journal" a short time ago. Any bookseller advertising in this journal coule supply you with a cheap book on horticul ture, which would give you the infonnatior you ask for. Impounding Stock-W. P. (Brewarrina) A piece of land forming part of a statior has been resumed and cut up into one hundred and sixty acre blocks, which have been thrown open for conditional purchase, A few of the blocks have been selected, Can the station lessee impound stock which he may find grazing on the resumed "por tion of the land?-Yes; if he has an oc cupation licence. The Murder of Frederick Fisher-E. P. (Rydal): Frederick Fisher was murdered at Campbelltown on June 16, 182G, by George Worrall, who was executed for the crime early in 1827. The crime presented no really remarkable features, but it has become famous on account of the story of Fisher's Ghost connected with it. 2. The official flags of the different provinces are entirely different. Why a Kettle Does Not Become Red Hot-J. L. (Hobart, Tas.): How is it that a kettle containing water when exposed to great heat, does not become red hot? The water absorbs the heat from the iron so rapidly that the metal is always kept at a temperature far below that necessary for its destruction. The know ledge of this fact led to the adoption of water jackets for smelting furnaces. Tnjury to a Horse's Eye-T. C. (Boo ligal): About three weeks ago a horse be longing to me was struck in the eye with a whip, and now there is' a small, raised mark right on the pupil. How should I treat the injury?-After hot fomentations, apply twice daily, by means of a sponge, the following lotion: Powdered acetate of lead, two drachms; laudanum, two drachms; water, eight ounces. Pimples on the Face-Quaere (Allora, Q.): 1. To remove pimples from the face take plenty of outdoor exercise, and take an occasional dose of magnesia or saline aperient medicine. Attention to diet will facilitate their removal. Avoid soups and fatty foods, and let fruit form the principal item of diet. 2. Blonde. 3. Brunette. 4. The hostess first. 5. Yes; without the prefix. Knife and Fork Handles-H. G. (Hill drop): Bone is largely used in making the handles of the more common knives and forks. Horn is also employed for the same purpose. Deer horns, which, strict ly speaking, are bone, have a .very limited application; they are employed for making knife-handles, called buck- horn, in much favor for pocket knives. 2. If inserted in the column devoted to such things they must be paid for at the rate of ls 3d per line. Dyeing a Suit of Clothes-Constant Rea der (Tarago): The easiest and cheapest way to dye a suit of clothes is by means of the prepared aniline dyes, which can be procured ready for use from any chemist or druggist advertising in our columns. A sixpenny bottle of the dye will dye a lot of" cloth. It will not injure the clothes. Use dye of the same color. Black might do, but you had better try it on a. piece of the material first Hospital Nurses-Millie: How should a young lady who wishes to become a hos pital nurse, proceed, to obtain such a posi tion?-Apply personally to the matron of the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, and produce to her your credentials. If ap proved, you may be taken for a month on trial, and afterwards appointed a proba tioner for three years. The salary is £4 for every three months of the first year's service, £6 per quarter during the second year, and £8 per quarter during the third year. Mixtures for Freezing Without Ice-F. M. H. (Muswellbrook): Please tell me how to produce ice by means of chemicals? If nitrate ot ammonia be added to an equal quantity of water of a temperature not exceeding 50deg. Fah., the thermo meter will sink from 50deg. to 4deg. A mixture of equal parts of nitrate of am monia, carbonate of soda, and water produces a still greater degree of cold. See a recent issue of the "Journal" for instructions to make an ice chest suit able for these compositions. Saddle Soap-S. J. W. (North Sydney): The composition of saddle soap is a trade secret. You will find it cheaper to buy it ready made than to attempt the mak ing of it yourself. It is sold in ls tins, and is an excellent preparation for sad dles and brown leather boots. We do not know of any soap which will have the effect you desire. If the leather is very dirty, it can be cleaned by means of a solution of oxalic acid in hot water, or with warm water and soft soap, afterwards applying a coat of one or other of the har ness preservatives sold in the shops. Execution at Ballarat-Denham: James Johnston was executed at Ballarat for the murder of his wife and children on May 18, 1891. The date of his execution was originally fixed for May ll. but justas ho was about to be pinioned by the executio ner, he was respited in a sensational man ner. Examination by a specially ap pointed medical board did not uphold the grounds on which the respite was ob tained, and Johnston was consequently hanged a week later. On the day of his execution he shammed paralysis of the lower extremities, and had to be wheeled on to tho scaffold In a chair. White Paint For Outbuildings-Bush man (Hillgrove): To mix white paint Cor outbuildings take eighty parts of white lead ground in linseed oil, and mix with it nine parts of raw oil, nino parts of boiled oil, and four parts spirits of "tur pentine. For inside work omit the raw oil and use fourteen parts and a half of boiled oil, and eight parts spirits of tur pentine. Some of the recipes for white wash paint recently published in these columns may suit you even better than white paint. Tank and- Other Calculations-O. ff. H. (Glenrowan): It contains 639 1-3 cubic yards.-J. G. (Mudgee): 6611 gallons. The rule is as follows: Multiply the square of the radius, by 3.1416, and tho product by the depth, which will give the contents in cubic feet. The result multiplied by 6.235 will give the number of imperial gallons.-W. P. (Brewarrina): If the stack be not well settled the hay it con tains will weigh about 3 tons 4cwt; but if it be well settled and compact it will turn out from 4 tons 5cwt to 4 tons 15cwt of hay. Diarrhoea in Fowls-Spanish (Wentworth Falls): This affection may be caused by any sudden change in diet or even wea ther, and hence is rather common. If the complaint be observed early, it can be checked at once in most cases by giving a meal or two of well-boiled rice dredged over with finely powdered chalk. If this be ineffectual, six drops of camphorated spirits may be given thrice daily on a pill of barley meal, restricting the diet to boiled rice, barleymeal, with a little cut grass daily. The feathers had nothing to do with the death of your fowls. To Malee Swiss Roll-J. F. (Spring View): Break three eggs into a cupful of pounded sugar, and beat rapidly for about ten minutes until nice and light; then add a cupful of flour, and beat again for ten minutes. While beating add a little milk, seasoning, and a small tablespoonful of baking powder. Spread out thinly ou a buttered baking tray, and bake a golden brown color. When done turn over, spread the jam on it, and roll up. Sprinkle the roll with pounded sugar. 2. A cheap Australian work is "The Economic House wife's Guide to Cookery," published at Cd. Pumpkin Pie-Pumpkin Patch: Pare the pumpkin, and after removing the seeds, stew it till soft. Then press the pulp through a sieve, and to each quart allow six eggs, three pints of milk, and flavor ing of mace, nutmeg, or lemon. First mix some sugar with the pulp, then beat the whites and yolks of the eggs sepa rately, and stir them well into the pulp; next add the flavoring and the milk, and beat the whole well together. Line the rim of a buttered dish with puff paste, pour the mixture into it, and bake tho pia in a rather quick oven for about forty-five minutes. Whitewash Making-D. G. P. (Balmain): I recently mixed up some whitewash, using glue to make it stick, but it peeled off the wall as soon as it dried. Can you tell me the cause of this?-Presuming that you used lime fbr the wash, the glue was destroyed by its corrosive action, hence the failure to stick. The follow ing is said to be the best method of pre paring lime wash of a superior kind: Put some freshly-burned quicklime in a tub, and just cover it with water; immediately add boiled linseed oil in the proportion of a pint to a gallon of wash. Stir well, and thin down (if necessary) with water. Pianos and Organs-G. S. M. (Balmain): 1\. The sound comes quickest from the plano; but a good pipe organ, or an American organ or harmonium construct : ed for percussion effects delivers sound when the keys are struck almost, if not quite as quickly, as the piano does. 2. Omitting the marks and signs which indi cate tho use of the pedals and stops, a very large number of compositions for the organ could be played on the pianoforte. Music composed for either instrument sounds best when played on the instru ment for which it was written, and nearly all good organists are good pianists as well. Preserving Canvas-B. C. (Barraba): What will preserve the canvas belt of a Californian pump?-Sails, ropes, nets, &c;, keep much longer when tanned. The proper proportion of wattle bark to use is two pounds and a quarter to four gallons and a half of water. Boil for thirty minutes, then Alter. Have enough tan liquor to completely cover the canvas, and keep the liquor simmering until the canvas acquires a slight leather-like color. Then wring it out of the liquor, wash it in clear water, wring again, and dry in the shade. Calico tarpaulins, &c;, may also be preserved in this manner. .2. You can use Stockholm tar if you like. Unfermented Wine-Temperance (Hamil ton): To make this nutritious beverage the grapes should be well ripened, and the juice expressed from them and bottled as soon afterward as possible. The bottles are filled to the brim and im mersed up to their necks in water heated to within ten degrees of the boiling point. When the juice is as hot as the water the cork is forced into each bottle, expelling some of . the liquid to make room for itself. This is an important point, for if any air be left in the bottle fermentation will set in. The cork must be thor oughly air-tight If fermentation does set in, it can be driven off by heating the wine. The bottles should be laid on their sides in a cool place, so that the wine may settle arid become clear. When all foreign substances have settled on the sides of the bottles, the wine should be decanted into other bottles. The sedi ment, of course, is left behind. These bottles must also be filled to the brim, and treated just the same as the first lot. Uso sealingwax on the corks to exclude the air. The wine may now be stored in a cool place for years, or it can be used at once. If small quantities of the wine are to be consumed at a time, you had bet ter put it in small bottles. Once a bottle is opened and its contents exposed to the air, fermentation will soon set in. Blackberry Wino-M. T. (Deopwater To evory gallon of blackberry juice add gallon of water and three pounds and half of sugar. Pill a cask with the liquo reserving some to lill up the cask wit as fermentation proceeds. Put the eas in a warm, dry place, and the liquor! wi soon begin to ferment. No yeast i needed to excite fermentation. When tb liquor stops working skim off the refusi and fill up the cask with the reserved 1 quor. It will begin to work again afte this, and when1 the movement ceases pou in a quart of the best brandy for ever six gallons of wine in the cask. Bun it up close for eight or nine months, the bottle up clear, and lay the bottles o their sides in a cool cellar. To Make Sponge Roll-J. F. (Sprin View): Beat together three eggs and a cu of sugar; then add a cup of.flour previousl mixed with half a teaspoonful of carbon ate of soda, and a teaspoonful of crean of tartar. Mix the whole lightly to gether, and gradually add about thre tablespoonfuls of hot milk and essene of lemon or other essence to taste. Talc care to always stir the mixture in oni direction or the sponge will crack durini the baking. Put the mixture about ¡ quarter of an inch thick in long, flat, til dishes, and bake for two or three minutes until it becomes slightly browned. Thei turn it out on a wet cloth, and trim of the sides and ends. Roll as soon as pos sible, and strew powdered sugar over th< roll. Ice Cream-Subscriber's Wife (Orange) Ice cream is made with a pint of crean and six eggs, with sugar to taste. Th< mixture is stirred over a gentle fire til the cream comes, when it is . placed in c freezer, which in turn is plunged into a bucket containing ice broken small ant mixed with about half its weight of com mon salt. The freezer must be kept ir rapid motion, backwards and forwards until its contents are frozen. As thc cream congeals and adheres to the sides, it is broken down with the ice spoon, sc that the whole may be equally exposed tc the cold. As the salt and ice in the tut melt, more is added, until the process is completed. The freezer with the cream in it is next placed in a leaden icestand, and is at once packed all round with ice and salt, and closely covered. Pickled Onions-Inquirer: Let the onions lie in strong salt water for about two weeks; then take them out and peel them. Put them in fresh salt water for two weeks mare, then wash them, and let them lie in fresh water all night. Next day place them on a cloth to drain; then put them in a jar, and pour over them hot spiced vinegar. If you wish them to be a nice color, use white vinegar. Hero is another recipe: Peel small silver button onions, and throw them into a stew-pan of boiling water; as soon as they look clear, take them out with a strainer, and place them on a folded cloth covered with another. When quite dry put them in a jar, and cover them with hot spiced vinegar. When quite cold, bung them down, and cover with bladder wetted with the pickle. The Municipalities Act-G. M. (Waterloo): Clause 111 of the Municipalities Act says: "All Mayors, aldermen, and auditors elec ted . . . and all officers appointed by the council shall as soon . . . after such election or appointment be notified in the 'Government Gazette.' " Does the act mean that once a council clerk has been appointed such appointment stands good for all time, or should the council clerk be appointed yearly the same as tho auditors and valuers?-The length of term of engagement is regulated by the terms of appointment There is no reason why the clerk should be app¿ointed annually. 2\. An aboriginal is an Australian native. A child born of English or other parents in Australia is an Australian, and may be correctly termed a native of Australia. If anybody imagines that such child is a blackfellow there is no help for it. Castor Oil-D. R. M. (Adaminaby): Tho best castor oil (cold-drawn castor oil) is prepared by pressing the shelled and crushed fruit (seed) in hemp bags in a hydraulic press, and heating the oil thus obtained along with water in well- tinned vessels until the water boils and the albu men and gum separate as a scum. This is carefully removed, and the oil (as soon as it has become cold) is filtered through Canton flannel, and put into bottles. Tho commoner kinds are prepared by gently heating the crushed seeds, and pressing them while hot. Another method some times adopted is to put the crushed seed into loose bags, to boil these in water, and to skim off the floating oil. Castor oil is sometimes adulterated with rape oil or with lard oil, a fraud which may be de tected by its diminshed density; and when the added oil exceeds 33 per cent, by its insolubility in its own weight of al cohol of .S20. In many cases croton oil is added to increase the purgative quality of tho mixture. Points of Law-M. V. (Moruya) : 1. If tho first office was held within three years of the second the council acted legally. 2. We think there should be a separate bal lot.-E. G. (Enmore): 1. No; he cannot compel A to remove them. 2. A is Hablo to an action for libel. 3. No; as long as A does not connect B with it in any way. -J. H. (Grenfell): 1. Yes; Mr. Waller i3 the liquidator. 2. Can the official liqui dator compel me to pay calls on shares that were applied for, but which were never allotted?-No; but you should op pose the settling of your name on the list of contributors.-Rostra (Brookong): Can stock be impounded from unfenced private property which adjoins a public reserve set apart from Crown land, such stock having been put to graze on the re serve and having strayed on to the pro perty in question?-Yes.-Subscriber (Wingham): If a tenant occupies a house under a monthly tenancy, paying rent every fourth Friday (no written agree ment), and leaves before the month is up without paying for such month or giving notlco, how much can the landlord claim, and how can ho recover it?-Ho can claim for current month and month in lieu of notice. Recoverable in District Court. .--H. A. B. (Campbelltown): Does the law prohibit mariage with a step-mother? -Yes. To Kalsomine Walls-Selector (Wollon cough): In case the wall of a large room (say sixteen by twenty feet square) is to be kalsomined with two coats, it will, re quire about a quarter of a pound of light colored glue and five or six pounds of kalsomine. Soak the glue over night in a tin vessel containing about a quart of warm water. If the kalsomine is to be applied the next day, add a pint more of clean water to the glue, and set the tin vessel containing the glue in a kettle of boiling water over the fire, and continue to stir the glue until it is well dissolved and quite thin. If the glue pail be placed in a kettle of boilingi water, the glue will not be scorched. Then after putting the kalsomine into a large water pail, pour on hot water, and stir it until the liquid appears like thick milk. Now mingle the glue liquid with it, stir it thoroughly, and apply it to the wall with a whitewash brush, or with a large paint brush. In case the liquid is so*thick that it will not ñow from the brush so as to make smooth work, add a little more hot water. When applying the kalsomine, stir it frequently. Dip the brush often, and only so deep in the liquid as to take as much as the! hair will retain without letting large drops fall to the floor. If too much glue be added, the kalsomine cannot be laid on smoothly, and will be liable to crack. The aim should be to apply a thin layer of siz ing that cannot be brushed off with a broom or dry cloth. Tinning Old Saucepans, &c.-Tinker; (Charters Towers, Q.): The first operation is to remove all traces of grease from the saucepan This is accomplished by heat ing it almost to redness. Next make a scouring pickle by adding to a gallon of water, eight ounces oil of vitriol and four ounces muriatic acid. If the saucepan can be filled with it so much the better; if not, keep the pickle flowing over it for about five minutes; then rinse with water, scour well with sand or coke dust, and rinse again. The iron should then be a uniform grey color. If any red or black spots appear repeat the pickling and scouring. Have ready some chloride of zinc (muriatic acid in which some sheet zinc has been dissolved), some powdered sal ammoniac, some tow, an iron rod about a quarter of an inch thick and having one encl flattened out and bent up a little and flied clean, and a sufficient quantity of bar tin. Dip a wisp of tow in the chloride of zinc, then into the powdered sal ammoniac, taking up a good quantity, and rub it well over the surface to be tinned. This must be done directly after the scouring or the iron.will oxidise. Put the pot on the fire, and when it becomes hot enough to melt the tin, brush the bar, of tin over it. Melt down about half the bar, and with the flattened end of the iron rod rub the tin well over the surface of the boiler, taking care not to heat too large a surface at once, nor to let it get too hot. If thei heat is too great the tin will become discolored, when some dry sal ammoniac should be thrown In. When the tinning has been completed, warm a wisp of tow and wipe the surface of the tin lightly with it. Finally, scour the boiler when cold with sand and a bit of tow. and rinse well with clear water. Miscellaneous-E. H. W. (Gilgandra): The questions you ask were replied to some time ago. The answers were re peated in our sporting columns in last week's issue.-F. P. (Basewang): He should sit on the left side of the female in each case.-Hurst (Tomingley): 1. The first syllable is pronounced like "why." 2. No; it was a man.-In quirer (Balmain): We should imagine that he would have to pay. Because one offi cial makes a mistake it does not follow that a passenger can legally decline to pay.-Constant Reader (Condobolin): He was a justice of the peace in Victoria at the time mentioned, but as' far as we can ascertain he was not a J.P. for New South Wales in 1882.-Inquirer (Warwick, Q.): Mr. C. V. Broughton is the managing di rector of the company you. mention. Night Owl (Cudal): You can make it and sell it without danger of breaking any law.-C. F. (Melbourne), V.): You had better advertise in the "Evening News" and the "Town and Country Journal." A. W. M. (Bega): There is a sale for it in Europe. Chop down the stems with an axe, break up the pieces on a sheet of canvas or very close bagging, and then pass through a coarse sieve.-Constant Reader (Sydney): The best thing you can clo is to rub rum well into the scalp once a day. Do not take any drugs unless by the advice of a physician. The possibilty of the resuscitation of criminals executed by electricity having been discussed in America, an experiment is to be permitted to settle the point. A murderer is to be electrocuted, and should the efforts to restore him to life be suc cessful, he is to be pardoned. Grass Tree Gum.-Messrs. Geo. Wilcox and Company, ll Pitt-street,. Sydney, notify us they have several inquiries from Eur ope for grass tree gum or blackboy gum (Xanthorrhoea). The firm will be glad to receive samples and quotations from par ties interested in collecting this product of N.S.W. It is believed a large export trade is possible at prices to give a good return on cost of collecting. The roar of a lion can be heard farther than the sound of any living creature. Next comes the hyena, then the screech owl, the panther, and the jackal in suc cession. The donkey can be heard fifty times farther than the horse, and the cat ten times farther than the dog. It is strange that the quiet and timid hare, when she cries in fear, can be heard far ther off than either cat or dog. 