[C0NTI>TED FROJI WEDNESDAY'S ISSUE. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED! THE PIRATE TEH. . A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RDSSELL,:. . : Author of "The Goldek Hope," "The DeathShip," "The Good Sgxp Mohock," etc. CHAPTER XVI. The Mate's Boat. All night long aboard the brig a smart look-out was kept. Boldock was of opinion that the Queen waa not more than thirty or forty miles ahead of the Wellesley; she was ri^ht ahead, he conjectured, by the circunn stance of the girl having floated in a bee-line to the brig's cut-water. He was of opinion with Mr. Hardy that when the ten men rose to seize the Queen they would not find the field an easy walk ; they might be worsted, in which case there would be loss of lite more or less considerable, and Boldock, whose imagination was tolerably active, figured the Queen rounding up in the wind and lying all aback, helpless, Benson shot down, her mates dangerously wounded, and piratic passengers and seamen of the barque bleeding about the decks in dying agonies. • So a smart lo ik-out was kept for any. shadow of ship blotting the stars of the horizon of that fine night, for any blueor crim-. son ball of distress spangling the dusk witn a sailing constellation. But nothing show ed, and when the dawn broke the sea stretched a bare breast, sallow to the sulphur light north-east. , ' This is a nice little air of wind, said Commander Boldock to Mr. Stubbins, the boatswain, who had relieved Mr. Hardy at four o'clock. . - •' It was now bright morning, the sun strong, a sparkling curl of wave upon the sea, and a "wonderful plenty of little clouds ' of an oyster-like form and shell-like in their tin ta, scaling off a light and fairy shadow of coat-, ing the south-east; sky into the aspect of vapor a coast. The boatswain was of the Com mander's opinion. The breeze was a nice little air. T'lere was more of it a-commg, and here Mr. Stubbins under the sharp of his hand gazed severely at the south-east shadow as though he should say he had used the sea-for some years and knew a thing or two, and there was no use in the weather trying it on with him. ' We are pretty well off for small arms, I think, Mr. Stubbiest' said the Com mander. „ „ ' ' The natives '11 find us well off enough, X dare say, sir,' answered the boatswain, with a grin. : ' About a dozen of muskets, I think, ana twice that number'of cutlasses.' ' That's r.bout if, sir.' ' You might like to hear me tell an extra ordinary story of the sea,5 said the Com mander, in hi3 deep and plaintive voice. ' All hands should have the news. Itjnay, engender some deviation. But if we.can. recover a noble- ship, the liveB of a number of passengers, and a little mountain oij nugceta from the remorseless clutches of ten , broken-down gentlemen whose ideas o£ j humanity are exemplified by their cotiduct towards the lady whom we picked up yester- ; day morning, all hands of us, Mr. Stubbins, j will deserve well of our country.' | He then gave the boatswain the story., Mr. Stubbins listened with a face dull with wonder, head hung as he trudged by the Commander's side, mouth open, eyes askew lifting at the jolly hot flaming countenance beside him. , . / ' ' It's about the rummiesfc rooking job as ever I've heard of,' Baid the boatswain. 'Passengers, too! Cuddy adoin' the fore-, castle work! My now! If Jack don't nynd his eye he'll lose his reputation. Ten bush,, nippers of a company, and not a sailor of the ship in the job. Well, all I can say is, let Jack mind his eye.' , The Commander uttered three or four ' ha-ha's' like deliveries through a speaking, trumpet. ' And it ain't known I allow where they're going to carry the ship to, sir, if they suc ceed in seizing her 1' said Stubbins. ' The lady says she heard them speak of an island. They pronounced the name. Unhappily she cannot recollect it. Also she heard them speak of a brigantine and one Saunders. That's intelligible. The .vessel will rendezvous off the island to receive.tho booty out of the ship, which the scoundrels will probably wreck.' _ . . ' It'll be a wonderful piece of crdenn , sir,' said Mr. Stubbins, after a pause, 'some thin0, proper to make a man thoughtful in his prayers, if so be it should happen that the young lady the men think drowned dead, should be the hinstrument of deltver in<* them into the hands of justice.' " Here comes a little more wind, Mr. Stubbins,' said the Commander, and as he snoke the brig with a groan through the length of her old frame leaued to a shriek of dry" bright blaafc which had whitened each long blue curl till the whole windward ocean ■whs running in delicate lines of snow out of that tender far off shadow' of cloud. The Commander and the boatswain stopped in the march anc}. looked aloft watching and waiting. The: brig was clothed to her trucks, all plain sail was on her, studding sails she r-id not carry. She sank her- fat bilge, lifting t'other with a wet green glare of sheathing to wind'ard, and the troubled water dazzled into foam all around her, streaming off astern in splendid masses, re volving, eddying, soaring, sinking, bursting off the bow in storming showers of crystal smoks over which the sun flung bows of many colors. J 'An old ocean rweeper, Mr. Stubbins, said the Commander, as ho put his head QYgj. the rail. 1 Hero is tne sputter of line of-battleship flying through the thunders of the Bay, and a speed,' he continued, in his most mocking complaining note, of really not more than six.' The breeze blew a steady wind, which pre sently headed the vessel. The windward thickness rose and went to pieces in small cloud, and the ocean ran in a regular curl of surge. The boatswain held on with his royals and the brig ploughed along with good way. A seaman sat in the foretopmast cross-trees to report a sail, ' but, bless my heart,' said the Commander to Mr. Hardy, who came on deck at eight o'clock, 1 what's this old wagon going to do in the wake of one of the nimb lest fliers that slipped down the well greased ways of a shipyard 1 We are doing six, and in this wind the Queen is doing twelve. Just the breeze for her mould of hull if they're still heading her off Horn wards.' ' If those ten men seize the barque, sir,' said Mr. Hardy, 'They'll surely not attempt to carry her round the Horn.' 'They'll make for that island whose name the young lady unhappily can't remember,' said the Commander. ' In that case,' said ?>Ir. Hardy, ' they may shift their helm and cross our hawse within hailing distance.' _ ' What good would that heexclaimed the Commander. Mr. Hardy leered at the gun. A ninopounder !' said Boldock, folding his irms, advancing one leg, and eyeing the gun n the attitude Napoleon the First is usually lictured in. -'■?'.Weight' ehongh. there ;to. bring down a mast, sir,'said the mate; r:: ■ -' The,Queen's a witch ; she sails, two feet to bur one, man ; it would be touch find away with her whilst you were trying to bring that piece to bear. Our only chance in that way lies in blood having been shed aboard—in fact, Mr. Hardy, in tho ship being thrown into confusion by the demon of carnage. She conies to a 3tand head to wind all shaking. In that condition we may hope to sight her, in none other.' He took an earnest view of the sea ahead after speaking these words, crossing the deck four times to master the liquid distance spreading in a deep blue line from the spring ing bows; then hailing the cross-trees and be ing answered by the man aloft that there was nothing in sight, he went below to break fast. It was'a little before eleven o-clock the same morning when the sailors witnessed a sight novel indeed aboard the Wellesley. First of all Mr Hardy came up the companion hatch hugging an old folding chair to his heart. He opened and set it down in the great rolling shadow cast by the trysail, then through the skylight, received a couple of pillows which he placed in the chair with ceremony, patting and smoothing them. A little later the figure of the Commander up rose, backing and staggering as he assisted the young lady to mount the steps. She moved Blowly. She was,weak, and needed tho help of his strong and gentle hand. • ■ She came out of the hatch into the flying sunshine with a frown at the brilliance, but a smile that showed her white teeth as she drank in the liberal rush of wind that whistled in her pale lips. The sailors for ward stared ; they had seen her lifted out of tho sea, a drenched and streaming body, ghastly with its gag and black iines ofbrine glued hair; and now they beheld a fine figure a young woman, clad in crimson with a rope of colors round her waist. Her hair was coiled down upon her head, and its abun dance was manifest spito of the round white canvas cap that gave a new. character to her eyes, enlarging them and deepening their soft luminous glow. ' ' Yet poor Miss Margaret Mansel looked ex ceedingly pale, and anyone could have seen that she was fresh from a violent shock or a dangerous illness. She had been admired by some of the gentleman aboard_the Queen, particularly by Mr. Masters. She was with out beauty, but her features held a grace •which brouglit them near to it. On board the Queen she had chiefly pleased by her pen sive expression, her habitual down and thoughtful regard, so that the faint bloom on her cheeks was often shaded by the long lashes of the upper Ms. They had also con sidered her teeth and figure unusually good, and her hair very fine. ;'' ;She was tall, and stood up bravely, holding on by the companion hatch to the admiration of Mr. Hardy, and when she had gained the deck Commander Boldock let go her hand. 11 feel now that I am alive indeed,' she ' said, as Bhe looked aloft with a bright glance, and then smiled at Boldock. ? ' It is ladies' -weather—very charming,1 ' said the Commander. 1 Let me seat you.' He led her to tho folding chair, and Mr. Hardy laid a rug over hor knees. She smiled with gratitude at both men. ' This is a little ship after the Queen,'said she. ' Where is this fine wind driving usT ' We are bound to a part of the ocean ; where there are rocks and shoals whose j position is improperly shown on the charts. That done,' continued the Commander, ' we shall then proceed to survey certain islands. We then return to Sydney. We are ■ at ptesent off our course ' It will be hard upon me,' said Miss ■Mansel/ to return to Sydney. I have no money. The little I had w?s in my box in 'the Queen. All that I possess in clothes, books, keepsakes, and other things, was in that ship. I suppose they are lost for ever.' ' We shall not allow such considerations to be a trouble to us,' said the Commander, stoutly, a brave smile making his -wide sun "set of face as engaging as if he were handsome 'on so bright a day as this and with the memory of your deliverence as green as yesterday morning can let it b&.' She hung her head touched by the rebuke, and her eyes filled with tears. But this fortunately for the Commander's sensibility, he did not observe. He was gazing earnestly at the sea ahead. 'It would be a prodgious satisfaction,' said he, ' if you could recollect the name of the island. Was it—' and he named a great number of the islands of the Polynesian groups, including reefs and barriers. \- It was that of a person—it waa—it was—' She strained her memory with closed oyes, and then said, ' It will come.' • 'The necessity for your remembering it,' said the Commander, bowing and smiling with an air of fine, old-world, quarter-deck gallan try, 'will give me the best excuse in the -world for keeping you on board the brig.' • She glanced at her dressing gown, and looked with some confusion away. ' Why,' said he, reading her thoughts, and beginning to strut up and down within easy xhatting distance, ' If I could get hold of their place of rendezvous we might fall in with the Queen herself. Then all your pro perty would be restored to you. We may presume there would be somebody on board fit to take charge of tho vessel to England.' ' If those ten men seize the ship,' said the girl,.' what will they do with the passengers?' ' Hum !' said the Commander, ' If we are to accept their manner of dealing, with you as a specimen of their method and skill, then if those ten fellows have successfully risen I would not give much for many lives in their power.1 ' You don't think—,' cried the girl, with a shudder, and then stopping, whilst she looked up at him with eyes of dismay and horror, her figure half starting from its resting pos ture. ' I think it may end in your discovering,' said the Commander with a smile, ' that you are tho best off of them all.' ' There were several ladies.' ' You are a lady, but that did not seem to . appeal to them,' said Boldock, in a deep lamenting voice. ' The wretches ! to throw me into the sea ; gagged and almost choked. What had I done V Boldock paused in his walk, and stared at the ocean in silence. Miss Mansel's words had roused the spirit of roast beef in him ; she saw his face hard with that heart of England which no nation can resist at sea. It was the working, burning, triumphing face of the boarder who waits for the instant of collision to spring into the chains. ! '1 sincerely trust,'said he, breaking with a jerk of head out of his fighting mood, ' that you will remember the name of the island, or that we shall fall in with the Queen. I have seen a few men hang.-d.' His gaze went thoughtfully to his weather main yardarm, and there rested, as though, lie considered height and scope of fall. His sight was still aloft when a cry from the ; foretopmast cross-trees made him start. ' Sail ho!' ' Whore away Y bawled Mr. Hardy, run ning forward, and leering. ' Broad on the lee bow,' answered the voicc high in the song of the wind. ' I see her, sir,' thundered Boldock. He lifted the immense brass telescope off its brackets, and resting it on the rail took aim at the working breast of soft dark waters on the port bow, ' It is no ship,' said he, ' but a boat with a shoulder of mutton sail. One of the Queen's boats for a million. If so, the ten men have seized her, and where is siie V Ho handed tho glass to Mr. Hardy. The girl rose to look, and the Commander, seeing she needed support, gave her his arm. The st.il showed like a flash of froth on the blue, coming and going in the melting whito curls about it, but once got by the eye it was easily held ; clearly a small open boat within threo or four miles, and already sliding abeam. The brig's helm was star boarded, the mainsail hauled up, royal and top-gallant sails clewed down, and so' slowly running before the wind under reduced can vas the broad-bowed wagon surged to the boat, whose occupants were seen to consist of several men, one or other of whom con tinuously flourished an oar with something white attached to it. The brig was thrown up into the wind, the boat was cleverly sheered alongside, her sail melting into the bottom of her as she rounded with a seaman in her bow stretching out his hands to catch the ropo's-end. Miss Mansel shrieked. ' It is Mr. Matthews,' she said to the Com mander. ' He is the chief mate of the Queen, and the men are five of the every of the vessel.'' ' Then the ten have stolen the ship,' said Boldock. There was a smart wobble of sea on, and '.he boat danced friskly alongside. The sailors sprang into the mainchains and 1 clambered with tho silent hurry of ship ■wrecked men over the rai], Mr. Matthews staying to call out to Commander Boldock, ' Will you take this boat, air?' • 'Ay, she is a good boac, we'll hoist her aboard.' . 'There's plenty of provisions and some wine and spirits in her, sir, sung up Mr. Matthews. 'We'll""have them, "we'll -have them all, pray coma on board.' Mr. Matthews, with a pale funereal coun tenances-watching-his-chancer.gat-into the mainchains, and with the leisureliness which spirits-sunk to the_sulcidal degree will sober the limbs to, made his way over the tall bul warks. Meanwhile, the five seamen observing Miss Mansel, had come to a halt, and were dodging and ducking at her_as they shoul dered one another in twenty inimitable pos tures. 'Smite me dark iE it ain't she herself, Joe!' said Tom. ' No, no! she's too tall, ain't got the other's color,' muttered Joe. 'She's what they call her factotum, her identical.' ' ' It's the girl who was lost, bet your bloom ing boots,' exclaimed a third seaman of the Queen. Mr. Matthews dropped laboriously on to the deck. Instantly Tom called out •. ' There's Miss Mansel, sir.' The mate was slowly walking aft to the Commander when, hearing these words and seeing the lady, he halted as though withered by a lightning dart. Miss Mansel made an effort to approach the astonished man, ex claiming, 'It is I indeed, Mr. Matthews— I Miss Mansel—none other.' I 5 Well, I am bubbled!' whispered Mr. I Matthews to himself, in one of the deepfst breathes his lungs ever fetched, ar.d he went straight up to her. 'It isn't your ghost then, hey V he exclaimed , taking her hand with a half note, almost comic, of blubbering in his • voice. 'Well!'said he, so astounded that his eyes met in a squint as he looked at her, ' this, to be sure, is amongst the miracles, You here ! t'is enough,' said he, turning upon the Commander, and letting go the girl's hand, 'to make the whole previous business feel like a nightmare out of which the second mate's going to call me to stand my watch.1 ' I am heartily sorry for you, sir,' said Boldock. ' Mr. Hardy, let the men get the stuff out of that boat, and hoist her aboard. Stow her forward. She is a good boat. And you will tell me that they have seized the Queen, sir T said he, turning to Mr. Mat thews. ' Rose upon us this morning, and sent every mother's son adrift,' replied the mate, with a bewildered look at Miss Mansel. ' But how do you happen to be here V ' The young lady had sunk into a chair, and the Commander and Mr. Matthews stood beside her. 'They called me from my cabin, caught me by the throat, gagged me, and dropped me into the sea,' answered the girl, beginning to tremble. ' Who did it?' said Matthews. 'I believe—I could not swear—it was Mr. Davenire and Mr. Caldwell.' ' We found her floating,' said the Com mander. ' Such things have beeu heard of, but a jockey would call them top weight amongst the preservations.' 'Oh, the rogues, the wretches, the accursed villains!'cried Mr. Matthews, turning an en raged face tetvards the sea over the bow. ' How long have you been adrift V said the Commander. ' Since five o'clock this morning.' ' Where are the others?' asked the girl. ' I don't know. We were four boats. Poole who was tolecward, slacked his shcetand went away, and tho others followed, thinking I dare say, that he had a sail in sight. The boats can't bo far off.' . When Boldock heard this he went below and returned with a binocular glass, which he gave to a man who climbed with it on to the main: royal yard and saarched the bright shivering waters in all directions, but he could see nothing to report. ' A boat ia little, and the sea is big,' said Boldock. 'All the people may be aboard a vessel whose topmast cloths are just out of sight of that fellow up there, and which there fore, has no more existence to us than any thing lying or not lying in the Kiver Thames at this moment.1 ; He spoke with his usual deep note of re monstrance, and Mr. Matthews looked at him. ' Did Captain Benson take charge of the liuuei'i' eftid Miss Mansel. ' He is dead,' said Mr. Matthews, with a face of utter gloom.' ' Murdered !' exclaimed the girl, in a light gasp. ' Why, no, I believe not. I'm willing to give the demons the benefit of that doubt,' answered the mate. 'As I was stepping over the side I'asked where the captain was and the fellow Trollope, whi was standing in the gangway with the scoundrel Davenire, answered quietly, 'He's dead.' ' Shot, I suppose?.' Lsatd, ...with. a. .look, at liim. '.I declare ...by_.iBJL..soul, before .God,' cried Trollope, so savagely in earnest that his face blackened with the blood that rose into his head, ' that when. I told him we had seized the ship he dropped dead of a fit upon his cabin floor.' 'I believe him,' said Mr. Matthews. ' Benson was the man to go oil so.' " t ' He had a full neck and his veins ran in fire,' said Boldock. ' I knew him. A good sailor.' His nostrils dilated with thought as he stood in silence watching the proceedings on the main deck. Tackles had been got on the yardarms, the provisions and liquor had been handed out of the boat, which rose and sank alongside ready for hoisting. ' What are they going to do with the Queen, Mr. Matthews?' said Mis3 Mansel. ' I have no notion. The moment the last boat got away they trimmed sail with the smartness of old hands, and stood away about south south-east.' ' She is scarcely out of sight,' said the Commander, straining his vision into the compass-bearing named by the mate. ' She is a very fast ship, sir,' exclaimed Mr. Matthews, with a melancholy shako of his head. ' But what in the name of mercy was their object in throwing you overboard?' Miss Mansel told him the whole story. He listened with an air of despondoncy, often sighing. ' It was the Captain's fault,' he exclaimed, j breaking out quickly, with something of fever I in his utterence. He had reason to suspect | tho ten men; his arms chest has been robbed ; Tho yowling of the midnight joker at the flying jibboom-end was, to suspicion, a good full hint of what was coming. Why didn't Captain Benson have them all seized ? Never n man, never a passenger of tho ship but would have stood by him had tliey made a difficulty on the vessel's arrival.' He stamped his foot, and cried out, 'I have lost so much that I value, so "much that I wan never replace!' ' So havo I ?' said Miss Mansel. He cast a despairful glance at her gown. Indeed the poor fellow's heart was so full that Boldock . wondered he did not cry. The Commander never thought the less of a man for weeping. He belonged to a school of stern sea-dogs which made nothing of shedding tears. Who that has read can forget that when the ironvisaged sea chieftains :>f Nelson's fleet met in one ship with Collingwood at their head to receive the Admiral off Trafalgar many of them shed tears, and amongst these who wept most freely was Nelson himself, Do you doubt this ? You will find a full description of the pathetic scene in one of Nelson's letters to his Emma. ' Mr Matthews,' said ilie courteous, deep voiced Commander,' you are wearied. Pray step below, and take some wine and rest," and he led the way, first calling to Mr. Hardy to give an eye to Miss Mansel. Mr. Matthews sank upon a "locker, and bowed his head in his hands. ' I am of opinion,' said the Commander, after contemplatina him for a minute or two, 'that a glass of bright red Jamaica would do you more good than wine.r 'I would thank you for it sir,' said tho ] mate, looking up. Boldook went to his cabin and returned with a bottle, took two glasses from the rack,' and into each poured a second mate's nip. Water was then added, but before the mate drank, ho, in a broken voice, thanked the Commander for receiving him and his men, and for the gentlemanly and handsome usage lie was now giving them. The Commander bowed and smiled and drank the other's health, and leaned against a stanchion and poised his ruddy tumbler, which came and went in blood red flashes in his hand as the swing of-a sun-dart in tho skylight struck it. ' My course,' said he, after a praise, 'won't I oxpcct be the course of the boats. Your second mate seems to have gone avay north. Tilt? utmost we can do, I think, is to keep the brig under easy sail aud watch for any signs of your people.' ' I am afraid there's very little chance of ever falling in with boats by following them 1 in a great open sea like this, said Mr. Matthews: 'And in a bulky old bottom like this,' said Boldock.- 'Something under seven is her handsomest short of a hurricane of wind driving in fury over her stern.' ..The mate looked slowly round the little old-fashioned interior. The noise of men singing out could be heard, the steady tramp of sailors walking away with a. rope. Mr.. Matthews asked several questions concern in? the brig and her voyage. The Com mander drained his .glass and put it down, and said in his deep lamenting voice, ' How was it as chief officer, the Captain being dead, that you weren't put in charge of the ladies 1' 'We had thoughtless scoundrels to deal with, sir. They were armed with revolvers they hurried us anyhow into the boats, which they had victualled and equipped. I, had scarce time granted me to ask the ques tion of Trollope about Captain Benson. We "ought to have kept together. I was the last to leave, and found five seamen only in my boat. When I shoved off I saw Mr. Poole going away to leeward, the others in chase. They were a mile off then. My men said there was uo use heading north. We had better stick to the track of the Australian liners. I was nearly mad, sir, and had they thrown me overboard I should have felt obliged to them.' He took a steady pull at his glass, and said, a littles vacantly, ' That's about it, sir.' 'Where can they intend to .carry that ship,' said the Commander, in a musing, lamenting voice.' 'An island is in their scheme ; the lady heard them name it. Un happily the name's gone clean out of her head. You say they went away to the south ward ?' He again entered his berth, this time to fetch a chart of the waters they were afloat in. He spread it and pored upon it, the mate's nose drawing close to his flaming countenance as he, too, eagerly overhung the tracing. ; ' It might well be,' said the Commander, standing erect after a long look, during which neither men had spoken, ' that the situation of this island is known only to these men. They will have given it a name, of course. Wilkes skipped a good deal, though no expedition was more admirably managed. I myself have charted two con siderable reefs in the direct linos of Wilkes' navigation, where, according to him, all was blue water with no soundings.' ' My notion's this,' said Mr. Matthews. 11 thought of it whilst in the boat, aud it's ■ confirmed by what Miss Mansel overheard ; they'll sail the Queen to some rock or island in a little visited sea, and after getting the treasure ashore they'll wreck the ship. Meanwhile the brigantine they talked of will i be in attendance or expected. If in attendance, I reckon they'll transfer the chests to her. There'll be jealousy and sus picion, and throats may be cut.' The Com mander rolled up his eyes hopefully. ' It is a vast sum,' continued the mate ; ' two hundred thousand pounds' worth of ore and dust. It sickens my soul to think of such a conspiracy, and we so blind—Benson so blind.' He smote his forehead and struck his thighs, and gave way to many other gestures expressive of helpless wrath. ' I'll step on deck,5 said Boldock, ' and see what my people are about. Meanwhile I recommend you to lie down and sleep.' (To be continued next Wednesday.) 