Pars in Parliament. Friday is proverbially -an unluoky day. It ap|Hiara to bo intensely so for private members of- tho- Queensland Assombly. That is their, .very/own field duya day set apart on'tiroly for them, on whioh they may attaiapt to foist new moasurcs on thoir already ovcrlogislated country. And thoy aro unluoky. Ono privato mombors' day tho Government may stonowail, another the Housb may bb adjourned suddenly for want of a quorum, while again a Friday night may bo wasted by tho attempt of tho Houso to lick into shupo a badly drafted measure. Last night Mr. Foxtoo did not loso any timo in moving that his littlo measure, the Succes sion Aut -Aincndmunt Bill, bo read a second' time. Its uim is to tnako. bottov provision for tho widow und family of a mail who dios intestate. It gavo tho member fur Burko'an opportunity to propound ono of his quixotic, theories. " It is said," said ho, " that a man liiis-a. right to do what ho likes with bis own. I bavo always takon itu opposite view to that. I hold that a man should bo compollcd first of nil to providafor his children, und then for bis aged parents if they aro alive." '" A man should provide for his father and 1 mother," said Mr. Barlow, " by making, a will," and liis colleague, Mr. Wilkinsuti, ' agreeing with him said "llenr, hear." Ipswioh is not altogether disfranchised after uU ; lior representatives ugrrco oil ono point. Of course Mr. Foxton wanted tho Houso to go into committee on his littlo bill, and equally, of couvse, if anybody elso bad wauted to do tho saino with regard to any other measuro lie would luivo objected. But tlio IIouso had held enough of Succession Acts for one eveuing, nnd baulked tho committal of Mr. Fcxtan's bantling. Messrs, Powers, Bell, Armstrong, and Plunkett all hud unfledged offspring of thoir own to bring in to be recognised, hud could not sco 'why Mr. Fox ton should bo allowed to monopolise tho whole of the day. But tho Carnarvon con queror thought it scmowhut unfair after liis kudos, his skilful management, liis foresight in getting this, ono of lust year's slaughtered innocents, so high up ou the business paper, that it should now bo blocked, when liulf an hour would put it through cominitteo. But tlie House wus hgainst liim and ho gave in. There was not a very hopeful look on tlio Loekyer laddio's visugo when ho moved the House into coniinitleo to consider tlio Lapsed Bills Restoration Bills. Mr. Dickson, on the first clause, intimated that it wus liis intention to oppose tlie bill, but he was ruled out cif order for making u second reading speech in com mittee. Mr. Bai- lmv also said bo would break tho back ol! tbo measure before it got through cominitteo, and with Mr. Foxton'n aid ho succeeded in doiug so. Clause 2 was vigorously attacked. Amen lmc-nt after umendmout wns proposed. Souio ware curried on the voices, others ou division, until Mr. Barlow l-osc, and, with a hursli, grating, diabolical l cugii, with out 0110 spark of inirth in it, informed tho Houso that- tho cliinsu had boon so hacked about that it was" impossible now to uiuke head or tail of it. Tho Burko Bouueor thought it wail unfair thus to piny with tho bill. It was unfair to waste tbo afternoon . iu that way. Hon; members, in liis opinion, should conduct tho 'business .of tlio Houso, seriously and not regard private members' day as a huge joke. Ho thought tluit tho clause us it now stood wus nonsensical, and characterised the pro ceeding of certain members ns n deliberate ut- toinpt to prevent liio IIouso reauhing tho Elec tions Act Amendment Bill, which tlio member for M ryborough was so unxious to soo biought on. Mr. Barlow said, " I'm generally charged with being of a gloomy disposition, but when I s 0 a bit of fun I can't help laughing. Tho man from Carnarvon is to blnmc." and Mr. Foxton snid, " Tlio lion, momber for Iriirkc lias helped to ninko nousenso of it by voting for the amendments, whioh mado con fusion doubly confounded. Ho does not know wlint ho is talking about, uud simply makes tlioso remarks bccnusn Mr. Bnrlow laughed at it." Mr. Dawson wanted to be in formed if it wus intended that private us well us Government bills could bit restored to the busi ness paper. "Yes,"' snapped Mr. Arm strong. "I'm .glad to hour it," snid tin Charters Towers funny innn, " for that is just tho thing to strangle it. I urn sorry to sco it (lie so young, but it is better so." Mr. Fisher iidviscd Mr. Armstrong to iriovp tho .Chairman but of tho chair, und re marked, "You liavo got on very well. You luivo actually made Mr. Barlow laugh. You will got on bettor still after tho amendments aro printed." And all this ti'nio tho litllo Loekyer "tit-willow" fidgeted uhout ou liis perch uncomfortably and lookod as if ho wore moulting. But 110. Mr. Armstrong would riot budgo ; so further amendment after further amend ment was introduced and' curried, until shortly after toil tho Houso divided 011 the eluuse. Tlio bell rang its merry two minutes', and tlie messenger closed tlio bur, wlion the Secretary for Public Instruction stalked like tho ghost of Hamlet's deceased parent into the Chamber — at least I10 was solemn, serious, aud Hiircustio looking enough for 40 such ghosts. A laugh went, lip which liiadc the gas lights flicker. Mr. Jhilrymplo could not inukc it out. Gynipio Fisher waved him buck with imperious gesture. But still tho ghost stulkod on, und it was not till onn of liis colleagues hud whispered to him thahlic hiid entered tlio Houso too luto to p rtiilco in tho division, that ho ruse, gave it mystified « luetic, and then stalked out to tlio Under Socrbtury's gallery, where ho gloqmilv waited till tho farco was over. Another laugh resounded through tho chamber us tho Cliuinnan appointed Mr. Glussoy and Mr. Kingsbury as tellers 011 0110 side. Yoa soo they had been mates before. Does tho thoughtless reader ask whore. , Don't you remembor? Why thoy stood as candidates for tho city of Brisbano at tlie lust clcotion when tho barrister, commission agent, bunk director wns elected, and Mr. Giussey was — but why rub it in'? Tlio clause was rejected. Mr. Armstrong looked unliuppier than cvor ns he moved tlio Chairman out of tho chair und asked, tlio IIouso to approvo of tho bill being further considered on Soptombcr 30, Moro laughter followed this proposal. Ho might just, as well liavo fixed it on tho "Gicok unbinds," for it will never seo tho light of day again. Tho bill to limit tho security to the mort gaged property was -put through its initial stage by Mr. Gross. ' This is generally a formal mutter, but Mr. Fuxton wanted to kuow what it was all about, and opposed it going, through so warmly that he pressed it. to a division. At first it appeured that his foolish self would bo tho only 0110 to vote against tho first rcad- iug, but ut last ho got Mr. Ghatuway to join him, jast to koop liim from boiiig too niisorahio and cold-looking. Thru tho 'WniTogo twins, Messrs. Cameron and Cromhic, walked over, and subsequently tho loyal mem ber for Oxloy and Woolloongabba Willie. 1 After this wusto of time, Mr. Cross got liis littlo bill through its first stages. Tlio next business to be token wiis tlio con sideration iu cominitteo of resolutions proposed by Mr. Boll, with tlio object of inducing tbe Houso to agree to u bill huviug for its object the wiping out of ' Dalby Municipality's dobt to the Government. Ho treated It us u formal , matter. Not so tbo Govornment, and Mr. Tozor- started to opposo it. This brought tlio polito young Oxonian to his feot with a Wild war-whoop. . "Tho Govornniont . opposo my measuro .' Tut ! tut!! tub!!! There .must ho some mis understanding.. Opposo my . \Vhy," wiping his. oyo with tlio baok of his hand,' " tho "Government agrood not to obstruct tbe passing of ' tho bill - in this its formal stngb." Then followed a wild half- hour of nugging. Btrong labguago. flow about the Chamber, and. sliooked tho modest olork of tho Assembly. ' Mr. Bell rofusod to urguo tlie subject mattqr of tlio bill, or to muko any explanation " whatsumdovor." Mr. Nelson was jfist oe firm. Membors wero in a quandary. All sympathised with Joey in' liis fix, hut Govornniont supporters did not know whnt'todo; At lust I10 ugrced to poBtppnp'the motion till a future; date! ; Now oanio aii Opposition move, whioh non plussed the Government. '-Rom after, item was postponed to oilablb'Mr. Powers, to get the seoond reading of his -Election Aot of 1885 -Amondmont Bill 'finishcid. It was the olovonth -item on the business papers. Tho Gavernraont objeoted to this sidewind way of . getting an item from the bottom to the top of the . business paper. They noyor. expected the Houso would reach Mr. Po'wors's bill that evoning and wore, not prepared to go to 'a division. It was nlti- 'mutcly agreed that tho talking should ho finished that night, hut thut tho .division should not be taken till ' .'Wedricsday "after ten, when there would be. n full"Hou6b. ' Tbo debate oh the second reading of this bill was'quiot. and luke- , warm. Mr. Kingsbury dolivoigd a oarolully prepared speech, filled witli Utopian ideab and unreulisable suggestions. Mr. Powers was eloquont, and .bus seldom been hoard to better effect. His remarks, in reply, wero ably put; and were woll reooived. When ho resumed liis seat tho shatters were put up for the week. 