His First Proposal. [By YMA NWKL. j Fer the MINSK. CB AP TER I. A.9SKA&T; day, a dreary square, a dreary heart, a girl's heart, Bessie's heart. Poor little Bessie ! She felt the great iiouse ia Market Square so lonely ; lifo seamed EO lonely. She thought there could be no girl in Australia so desolate aod wretched vi she on this grey wet day of June. lt could not be said that Bessie had been a social success in spite of her soft prettiness and her fortune. I can't exactly tell you why. but with the exception of Sir Ronald Mac t» via h. and a certain country squire she had not found favor in the eyes of that year's eligibles. Between Mactavish and Beasie, however, a chainlike ana totally UDsentimental friendship had sprung up since the night they mee at Lady Bottle by's. They met often, and Mactavish had called twice, on which occasion Auuc Emma had been graciously pleased to approve of him very highly. Ic mnsG be confessed that Bessie evinced an undisguised and undignified delight in her new friend's society at all times-a delight which subjected him to much mild chaff from his comrades. Not that he cared ; he liked the innocent, uncon- ventional little thing, he told himself with a queer unexplainable pang of regret, and if she valued his friendship why shouldn't she show thac she did. So he became Bessie's confidant and friendly adviser, and she admired him and trusted and looked up to him, much aa if he had been an elderly induisent uncle. I think £ hare hinted that to-day Bessie 1 was very unhappy indeed. Some love ; trouble 1 Nob ac all. The child had no \- idea of love as it ia understood between men and women. Uer trouble faced rather the other way, aa thoa : The country squire I have mentioned had laid at her feet his title (which was new) and his possessions which were inconsiderable) -and Aunt Emma'a fiat hadgone forth Bessie Haughton waa to be the squire'a bride. " I never will. I never will," sha waa sobbing paasiuuacety to-day under her ; breath aa she walked excitedly np and down her room. And yet she will make me give in. I know ir. Uh ! what shall I , do. There is no one to help me-no one." She sat down in a low chair by the window-and remained quite still for a long time, resting her head on her little bita of hands. Io happened on th«t particular Jane afternoon Mactaviah was sitting at his writing table dashing off some rather important letters for despatch by the evening mail. He. had jost Iib t> fresh cigar and selected a new pen when the door opened and his man said hesitatingly, " A yoong lady wishes to see yon, sir." Mactavish looked ap with an «ir of displeasure. ** I thought 1 told yon I was not at home," he said sharply. "I told the yoong lady yon'were not at home, slr," íetnrned Thomas, coughing quietly, " but she said she would come ap and wait until you came back " ** The deuce !" exclaimed his master. "Did sh« give yon her name 1" Thomar glanced over his shoulder. '* The yoong lady is .coming' upstairs now, sir,'' he observed with the impassive face common to his kind. Mactavish Bwore a little under his breath, pitched bb cigar into the fireplace and potting his remaining letters into the blotting book, turned to greet Bessie. At that moment he felt that he co old cheerfully have shaken her. "ße»lly. Bessie, you know." he began seriously as the door cloeed opon Thomas, 44 this is awfully imprudent and-"' "Oh, never mind about imprudence,n broke in his visitor hysterically. " What does it matter. I'm so very, very miserable. I had far better be dead." And to his dismay she broke into a storm of weeping. "Bessie, my dear child, what on earth is the matter 1" he said in a deeply con- cerned voice, patting her gently into a chair and feeling excessively un- comfortable. Bot Bessie only laid her head down on the table and cried harder than ever. Thomas at the keyhole drew his own conclusions. Really thia sort of thing would never do, reflected Mactavish almost savagely at last, finding that nothing he could say had any effect on the flood of Bessie's woe. And jut then Bessie checked her sobs, and looking np at her unwilling heat with sweet tear-drowned eyes, said in & quivering voice, "I knew you would be pleased to see me." Mactavieh preserved an embarrassed silence. "If it hadn't been that I knew yen would help me and not misunderstand me or anything, I think I should be mad by thia time," proceeded Mies Haughton, gulping down another sob. Her hat had fallen off, and her curly brown hair floated about her small face like spun silk. Hactavish felt he could noe lecture her on the proprieties just then. So he drew a chair to the table and sat down. "Well, Bessie, what is the trouble ?" he said in a resigned kind of way, upon which Bessie wildly enough laid her griefs before him. Ile listened gravely with a passing spasm of inward amusement at the fate that had led him tu become Father Confessor to the small unconven- tional creature. " Poor little» weman ! and you don'c care about bim," he said, when at last she paused. " But no, of course you don't ; you couldn't. Well, Bessie, I Buppose ycur aunt can hardly marry you to the man against your aili." .* Oh ! she eould, she would," burst out Bessie in another agony of tears. " She was io angry before about Lord Tomstone. This time she says -she is determined I shall obey her. She doesn't seem to mind who I marry so tongas it is somebody with a title," added the poor child bitterly. _ "Well, there, there, dot.c cry; that won't do any good you know," said MactaviBh in a^ soothing voice. He eat pulling his moustache reflectively for aboat a minute, while Bessie sat watching him with round piteous eyes. Then he said slowly, " Don'c you think yon might da worse than accept Tomstone. A word would bring bim back to yon, and ha's a good fellow. Bessie. I should think any women would get to care *br him in time." "Yee, I daresay," Bhe answered wearily, "any woman bot me." Then she went on with wild passionate gestares of her little hands. " Why can't they let me alone % Why should I be married BO soon % I used to think I didn't care, bat I do. I want Co walt until I am a little older ; or, if I must ba married, why can't I choose someone for myself-someone I can at least love and respect." " By Jove it is an infernal shame," exclaimed Maetavish hotly. " That old aunt of yours ought to be shot. Why j shouldn't you wait and mr ny someone j you can can for. Poor littlaj woman ! I Upon my soul I dau'c know what to say tD you." Bessie looked disconsolately ont of the window. Then she said, 44 Wait ahonld yon advise me to do ?" " I should advise you to simply say to your mut that-er-that-in fast -" hara he paused. "Oh, i: 's barbarous you know," he broke out impatiently, rising and walking over the length of the room and back ».gain. A dreary little smile had crept over Bessis's face. Mactavish feit strongly inclined to kiss her, she looked so innocent and tender. But of course he promptly nipped this inclination in the bad. " You see, little woman," he saûî, looking down at her with a very kind expression on his good-'.ookÍGg face, '* Marriage ia a serious busines. A young thing like you can hardly realise-yoa don't know." He paused uncomfortably. " Yes, I do," sha answered, a curious, solemn look creeping into her chili- like eyes "I have thought of all tha~. Una's husband should be kind, true, strong,|and gontle ; someone to respect very much, and trust with all one's heart." And the little thing went on gravely and earnestly. "I want you! I thought you would perhaps Buggpst it yourself, but you didu'r. I want you to marry me. Sir Ronald." Jfor the space ot one minute Mactavish preserved an astounded silence. Then the comic aspect of the affair strack him, and he walked over to the far window, where he successfully strangled a mad desire to laugh long and wildly. When be could trust himself, he turned to tho room again. One glance at Bessie, however, killed all thought of mirth within him. Good heavens 1 ha reflected ; what a child, what an innocent child she was ! And how awfully pretty and winsome she looked just then. Meanwhile Bessie bad risen and stood watching his face with sad, wide-upen eyes. " You will, Sir Ronald, won't you ?" she said pleadingly. "My dear child," he began in an embarrassed way ; then he stopped. For the life of him he could not find words in which to decline this-his first proposal. "I think we would get on very nicely," said the would-be bride elect, coming a step er two nearer to him as he stood leaning against the bric-a-brac-laden mantelpiece. " You see, I have such a lot of money, and you-you haven't much, you told me." Then, as she saw him draw his brows together sharply, she went OD with quick perception .'And you have a title, and Aunt Km Tia atys I must marrv a title." "GooaGod, child! donica ia that way," he said sharply; "it sounds horrible from yoor Ups." f ' "It's quite true, though," she answered in a hopeless kind of way. " And I know I should be very happy and content with yon," she added, raising her innocent eyes to his face. '* You are so sensible and kind, and so different from the others. I should feel so safe with you-so certain that, though you would alwaya take care of me and be good to|me, you would never think of kissing me or what society girls call making love to me;" and her short upper lip curled scornfully, while the tiniest of blushes tinged her fair face." *' On that latter point I am not alto- gether sure," mattered Mactavish.altering his position «lightly. ** But, howe» er, that's beside the question. You know Bessie, my dear little girl, I'm not at all a marrying man. And though I am awfully fond of yeo, yon know that I'm not one little bit in love with you. And you ought to marry some fellow who loves you with ali his heart and soul ; and ia short, Bessie, is wouldn't do." Here he paused, pulled at his moustache in a nervous kind of way, and knocked a china photograph frame from the mantelpiece to the fender, where it perished miserably. Bessie's lips quivered. VOh, very well," she said, m a voice Mactaviah could hardly hear. " I didn't know you disliked me, or I shouldn't have come." "Bessie, you know it ien't that," he began, feeling like a brute ; then he stopped. After all, why ahouldu'the marry her. As she bad plainly pnt it, she had what he had not-money. And he could make her Lady Mactaviah. He supposed he should have to marry someone. Why not marry little Bessie ? She would be docile and sweet tempered, and abe was a very pretty little thing, and by her own showing fae wrald not have to make love to her, nor play the devoted husband unless when he «hose. Their mutual indifference to each other would be rather an advantage than otherwise. And, well. tte hoped he should make ber a better husband than 90 per cent, of the fellows going. Birth and money-it waa fair enough exchange. These thoughts flashed through his mind while Bessie, looking like a small white ghost, put her hat on and walked half-way to the door. "Bessie," he said, hesitatingly, j " Bessie." She paused, but did not turn. ! and Mactavish. taking a few steps towards ber, drew her by one hand gently back to her seat again. Then, still holding her hand, he went on half awkwardly, " You think you could be hippy with me, Bessie ?" " Yes, I do " she answered at once, her face brightening swiftly. "You are sure that you will not regret it ; that there is no other man you care for ?" " I am very, very Eure." "And do you know," he continued, looking away from her upturned oyes, " that ill-natured people will say that I am marrying yon for your money?" "Never mind," was the cheerful answer. "You can tell them I asked you to marry me." " No ; I don't think I could do that," he replied with a brief smile. Then after a pause he added, " Then you will be my wife. Bessie?' " Why, yes, of coarse," she said, without the slightest embarrassment, putting her hands confidingly into his. " And you do not mind my not being in love with you V " Not in the least ; on the contrary, I am very glad." "Nor that I have loved another woman." " .Not one bit ;" and she ' laughed merrily. Why was he conscious of a twinge of burt vanity as she said this ? Who can tell? "It is a poor bargain for yon, child," ! he said slowly. " But perhaps we may get along together very well." Here he bent down his head to kiss her ; then, remembering, drew himself up again. ** I forget," he said, langhing somewhat awkwardly. "Shall we consider it settled, then, Bessie, subject to your aunt's consent." " Of course,15 she nodded gleefully like a pleased childe " Bat she may object.' " Oh, I don't think she'll objeot," she answered, *. because she tnougtit of you firBt of all / "Ob, indeed !" observed ber betrothed dryly- Bus one glance at ina clear, innocent eyes made him ashamed of the Bwift thought that had darted through his mind. " How old did you say you were, Bessie ?" he said ia a wonderfully gentle voice. " Sixteen and a half, is it noe ? Why, little one, I am old enough to be yonr father." "Yes, I know," she answered con- tentedly. 