CURRENT NEWS. Three local bookmakers were yesterday fined £5 and costs for having laid doubles. Speaking at Broken Hill, Mr. Garrard eulogised the Labour party, and said he had always believed in men banding together for mutual protection. The Bishopric of Adelaide, rendered vacant by the translation of Dr. Kennion to the See of Bath and Wells, has been offered to Dr. Selwyn, late Bishop of Melanesia. At the Chapter House, in St. Andrew's Cathedral, the Dean of Sydney presented the prizes and certificates in connection with the Sunday School Institutes' annual examina tions. Mr. Lyne, IM P., thinks that the Federa tion scheme of the conference of Premiers at Hobart is a new departure that will create strife, bickerings, jealousies, and inevitable delay. Mr. Justice Williams has evidently scored a win, and it looks as if Lord High Chan cellor Herschell would have to make as graceful a back-down as possible under the circumstances. Cardinal Moran, speaking at the Waverley Novel Fair in Sydney, highly praised Sir Walter Scott's works, but denounced yellow trash literature as contributing largely to moral anaroby. The Emperor of Germany and the King of Italy are about to have a little confabulation about the Triple Alliance. These are two, but why is not the third country in the alliance represented. Alexander Dalzell, ship's carpenter, was yesterday committed for trial on a charge of breaking and entering the residence of Mr. John Read, Hamilton-road, with intent to commit a felony therein. During the past fortnight South Bulli worked eight days. The Metropolitan and Mount Kembla are doing the most work, but the South Clifton miners did not average £1 per man. Coalcliff paid for two days and a half. Persistent rumours are current at Apia that Samoa will pass under German control in a few months. It is also stated that there is to be a naval demonstration in May by the combined squadron of warships, when the natives will be disarmed. Jabez B. Balfour is safe in South America, but the directors of the companies he floated are about to be indicted for conspiracy to defraud. Another great fire of London is wanted to make sweet the financial atmos. phere of the great city. France is on the warpath at Madagascar. Englishmen cry out that itis dangerous for Britain to allow France a free hand in that groat island. In the meantime the French Government enter into arrangements with an English shipping firm to convey a large stock of war material to the scene of operations. Frenchmen then cry out against their Govern ment for encouraging perfidious Albion, and between the two countries the Malagasy people go under. The City Councilmet last evening, andas it was the last night of the municipal year, all the aldermen were in attendance The attendance at the Victoria Theatre last night, to witness the wrestling match be tween Ned Blackburn and Tom Hogg, was good. The former won three of five falls and the victory. The Postal Conference has recommended yearly guarantees from Australasia to the Eastern Extension Cable Company of £227,000, and for the New Zealand cable of £20 000, the limit of deficits payable being £10,000 and £9000 respectively. Sir William Whiteway is again to be Premier of Newfoundland. The gentleman was unseated and disqua ified for bribery at the general election. They evidently do not remember a little thing like that over there. Newfoundland is a fishy place. The Premiers and the Federal Council delegates leave Hobart on Thursday on a visit to New Zealand, which is of a strictly non-political character. An ill-deserved holiday, after their fruitless labours, will be the remark of the people who have to pay for the picnic. In the Masonic Hall on Thursday night next Mr. Paul Ferris will give his entertain ment, "Spooks and Ghosts," during which the now well-known figures "Geordie," " Cissie," and " Josephine," are expected to materialise and dematerialise in full view of the audience. The Postal Conference has re-affirmed the desirableness of establishing a four- weekly mail service alternating with the San Fran cisco service between Australia, New Zealand, and Vancouver, calling at one of the main ports of New Zealand and such other ports as may be determined on. From the discussion in the Newcastle Council last night, it apps. rs to be the custom of the finance committee to formally meet and give sanction to the payment of accounts, all of which have already been paid. Under these circumstances, the ticking-off process is likely to be exceedingly rapid. It is said that the returning officer for the Glebe municipal elections informed Mr. John Maenamara, one of the candidates for the representation of Bishopthorpe Ward, that his nomination papers were informal, and refused to accept them. The candidate at once sought legal advice, and the returning officer has since reversed his decision. The Socialist and Protectionist members of the Chamber of Deputies amused themselves in the recent debate on the affairs of Mada gascar, by hurling abusive epithets towards Britain. Poor John Bull must feel remark ably small after such treatment by his dear neighbours across the herring pond. The Chinese have little ways of their own in diplomacy as in everything else. Envoys were recently sent to Japan ostensibly to treat for peace. On examining their papers, however, it was found that they were utterly defective. Consequently the Japanese very politely bowed them out. More than.' lie " -tea proceeds from the Flowery Land. A Paris paper considers that the confer ence of Premiers in Hobart presages the dismemberment of the British Empire and the formation of the United States of Aus tralia. Not a bit of it. All the men over the- water are too comfortable to think of such a change. Lean men and such as do not sleep o' nights are wanted for such work. The verdict of the public on the opening night at the Oxford Music Hall must have been complimentary, for the building was again well filled last night, when Messrs. Shipp.and O'Donnell's Company repeated the initiatory programme. The results were most pleasing to the performers, who were liberally applauded in every instance. A meeting of persons favourable to the idea of forming a Social Democratic Federation was held at the Sydney Trades-hall the other night. The objects of the movement are to propagate the principles of social democracy by the means of literature and other methods, to form a socialist party, with municipal as well as Parliamentary politics, and to carry out the principles of collectivism. Officers were appointed, and a committee formed to carry out the work. 