That Unnsual Ifoise. A.: 'What is the mattor with you thl- morning ?' B. : ' I didn't sleep well last night. There was an unnaual nolso in my loom.' ' Did it wake you up 1' 'Yes; any unusual noise wakes m« np.' ' What was tho unusual noise ?' ' Well, you see my wife never soolds dor. ing the day, but stores op all her resentment, like this stored eleotrioity.' 'But yon wore speaking oi tn ui.uic! noiao during tho night.' _ !' Just ao. I'm coming to that. Yon lit I'm so used to her scolding that it lots upon mo like an opiate. As long as she javri I sleep like a top.' ' But what was the unusual noise f' ' Well, sho began jawing and I fell ailcep as usual, and I would havo . slept all right if it had not been for tbo annioal noiBe.' ? ? , , ?J What unusual noise I' 'Sho quit talking.' Hn : ' Nioa night, isn't it ?' She : ' Ycs» good night.' Houbemmd (now to tho instrument) : 'Somebody xingin' at do bellophona, murm.' 't Is Mr. Brown ot home?' Servant: ' YeB, Bir ; yon will find him at hit olub.' Betkntive Mesioby : ' I fanoy I've seen that face before,' ' Yes, that's the way I wear it.' . A gmaut schoolboy has defined tho word 'Dormitory' as a place where you try to sleep, and oan't. Many a coffin is oovered with roses by hands that never before gave ita occupant anything but thorns. Yeist : ' Do you play ohess?' Crimson beak : ' Well, no ; 1 can't t,ay that I play it. I work at it occasionally.' ' I HEAii your huaband iB quite gallant Do you ever find any letters in hia pocket ?'' ' Only the oneB I give him to mail.' Society ia whero people who were poor twenty-live jeare ago tell ol the plebeian origin of tbeir neighbors and conceal thiii own humble beginnirgB. Now in the parlor meet the pair, When golden day ia done, Two forms with but one rooking obair, Two hearts that beat aa one. Ssutiiebs (reading eigr) : '' 'Hands t.£f.' Tbo poor idiots 1 Do they think anyone could look ot that atatue and not knot? the hands were off ? ' He could box and run and kink the ball With fine athletic aire ; But lie couldn't heed the family call To carry coal upstairs. ' \Vno was thnt ringing at the front door Inst night?' 'Tho policcman.' 'What didhewnnt?' 'Ho wantod tho baby to stop orying. It kept him awake.' Custosieii : ' I say, uncle, how long have you had these new-lflid eggs in stock 1' Baatus : ' I dunno eznetly, bosB. Yon see, I'so only been wu'kin' beab a month.' Mb. Sokek : 'Fanny how one forgets one's Latin aud Greek I 1 o&n;'t remember my 'hio, haeq, hoo,' even.' Mrs. S. : 'I think you remember jour 4 bio' p:e;ty well.' ' Oil, would I were a bird I' she sang. And the young man leaned hia hi ud wearily upon his hand, and mui muted : ' Would you were, and tho window were open,' ' Tueke must be a fire somewhere,' said Jinks. ' Why, I didn't hear tho bolls,' said Snicks. ' Nor I,' replied Jinke, ' but I just savy a messenger hoy running.' 'I HK.tit your coachman ran off with £100 of your money'. Are you going lo try to re cover it ?' 'No, tho poor lellow will need it ; my daughttr went with him.' Census Takeh (to iniddte-aged female): 'How old »ro you, madam?' Female: 'I, have, ahem, Been nineteen summers,' ' Have you always lived in the tropical' Miss Ajiy : ' And do yon admire Miss Tracers, Mr, Goelin?' 'Yes — awi'lyl She's bo unliko all other girls, don'tcher know I' Rescued (who has pulled a man out of the water) : Gracious 1 Your head ia bleeding. How did you out it 1' Betcued Man : ' On the water's edge, I gueaa.' 'Do great calamities move in oyolcs?' asked Brown. ' They frequently do in bicycles,' aaid Smithero, who had recently left three layers ot hia naanl cutiole on a macadamised road. Foao : ' I went to hear Gnsherleigh preach last Sunday.' Brown: 'Why, I thought you hated to hear him?' 'So I do ; but it \ma bia farewell aermon. I went out of pure gratitude.' Yes, Augustus, wc believe it is bettor to havo loved and loBt than never to have loved at all. It is bettor for the jeweller, and the floriBt, and the messenger boy — and sometimes for the lawyers. ' A fenny for your thoughtB,' exclaimed Mies 'Gertie to young M'GooBely. ' Oh, aw — I don't want to wob you like that, donoher know,' replied M'Goosely, and then 1)0 oouldn't see why everybody laughed so up roariously. He (at midnight): ' Funny custom the Chinese have. The hostess ia expeoted to notify the caller when it ia time to go.' She (with a sigh) : 'But we aro in Australia, you know.' Miss Lovelorn: 'Isn't this a pretty valentine Mr. Do Garry sent me?' Mies Cnusliquo : ' It'a tbo. very one he sent mu last year. I , returned it with all bus letters when our engagement waa broken off.' Teacheii : ' Willie, how would you feel if you should ask aomeboc'y for bread and bo given a atone?' Willie (a jeweller's eon): ' It it waB no better than tho one on your shirt front I'd feel awful.' ' I have this evening been proaohing to a congregation of idiots,' said a conoeited young parson. ' Then that waa tho reason you' always oall them ' beloved brethren V' said a strong-minded young woman. Ghost (ut a seance) : *' Do you recognise me?' Mrs. Topper (ounQdentigtlly) : 'Yes, you aro my late husband, John Topper.' Ghost (surprised): 'How did you Inow me?' Mrs. Topper (firmly): 'I smelt your breath, John.' ' You put your foot in it nicely to-night,' said Mrs. Sweefapeecli. . 'How was tiiat?' nsked her husband. ' When you U1-1 Mrs. Fourthly that you were sure her husband would never go tho way ho sent other people.' 1 ' Well, nnd what of it?' ' Why, her husband ia n preacher.' 'Great Scott 1 I thought he was a tV.!--10' j A Boston girl, the other day, said to a Southern friend, who was visiting her, ns two men rose in a car to give them seats : ' Oh, I wish they would not do it.' ' Why not? I thiuk it is very nice of them,' Baid her friend, settling herself comfortably, ' Yes, but you can't thank them, you know, nnd it is so awkward.' ' Can't thank them I Why not ?' ' Why, you would not apeak to D strange man, would you ? ' said the Boston maiden, to the astonishment of her Southern friend. 