Short Story. A LIVE GHOST ' There he is !'—' There she is !'—' There they are !' These outcries were not frag- ments of a conjugation, but the exclamations of a joyous crowd which leaned over the sides of the Campania, as she steamed slowly to her dock, and the mass of humanity waiting upon the pier became gradually individual- ised. Tom Stuart listened with a pang of lone- liness none the less keen because it was unreasonable. He had informed nobody of his return. Yet his heart was heavy with the knowledge that one of those eager wel- comes would be for him, thoug he had wan- dered so much farther than any of these other travellers. Two years before, he had rushed away in hot desperation of a lovers' quarrel. But in ' darkest Africa' death's every-day neigh- borhood had taught him many lessons ; and part of that stern teaching had been the translating of what seemed the dignified self- assertion of his abrupt departure in a cruel injustice toward the girl who loved him. For of course Mabel loved him ; else why should she have promised her beauty and her fortune to him, penniless Tom Stuart, who possessed only a paint-brush for future re- liance ? It was her money, or rather his lack of money, which had made him so easily offended when Van Eyck continued to haunt her steps after the announcement of their engagement. He had been jealous, she had been resentful ; they had quarrelled, and within three days he had joined an ex- pedition fitted out by a couple of wealthy young fellows of his acquaintance, who were inspired with the craze for African exploration prevalent among the youthful millionaire ' unemployed.' Good God ! how long were those two years ! Through what a lifetime of monotonous marches and dreary watches he had dreamed of the letters from her which he was con- vinced he should find when his party got back to Zanzibar, where civilisation and the mail service ended. Was it not one of her half-tender, half-mocking assertions, in the first glad days of their engagement, that a woman must naturally prefer to ask forgive- ness of the man she loved, rather than to be- stow her forgiveness upon him ? But, though dozens of letters awaited his friends, there had been nothing for him,— nothing ! He was entirely bereft of family ties, and was of no social or financial importance. Only to Mabel had he desired to cable news of his safety ; and her anxiety was ob- viously not incapable of further endur- ance. In the midst of the joyful messages sent home by his comrades, Tom Stuart had main- tained the silence of his disappointment. Nor had he wished to break it through all the many weeks which are required even nowadays to bring a traveller from Zanzibar to New York, until this foolish longing for a welcome overtook him as he arrived, unex- pected and unrecognized, among the happy meetings upon the Cunard pier. Yet not quite unrecognised. While he was accounting to a customs in- spector for his portfolio of African sketches, he became aware of an oddly amazed stare fixed upon him, and recollected the per- petrator thereof to be a former acquaint- ance. ' Halloo, Jackson !' he exclaimed gen- ially. His offered hand was accepted hesitat- ingly. ' Tom Stuart ?' Jackson stammered, with an uncertain smile. ' Beg your pardon. I— I thought you were dead.' ' Nevermore alive,' Tom declared, strug- gling against an absurd dismay at the quality of this first greeting. ' You look splendidly,' Jackson continued, with growing cordiality. ' I heard that the expedition had returned safely to Zanzibar a month ago. But there was a rumor of your death soon after your depart- ure.' ' I am happy to be able to contradict the rumor,' Tom said, cynically ; ' though I dare say most people will have forgotten both me and my demise, if the rumor is two years old. You should be proud of your very retentive memory, Jackson ' With this utterance of a natural if unjust- ifiable resentment he stalked away into a cab, and was driven up town. New York was as dirty, dusty, and desert- ed as it usually is early in August, and Tom's remembrance of African heat became more kindly before he arrived, perspiring and per- plexed, at his club. He had never been a prominent member of that agreeable institu- tion, but he had frequented it for many years, and, should everybody he knew be out of the city, he relied forlornly upon recognition from the servants. The hall porter, however, proved to be a new-comer, who replied to Tom's inquiry for a room with the formula, ' Only club mem- bers recived, sir.' ' You will find my name on the books, Thomas Stuart.' The porter drew a careful finger up the column belonging to the letter 8. Then he confronted Tom dumbly, divided between amazement and indignation. ' Well ?' Tom demanded, a chill of suspicion stealing down his spine,—not a plesant chill, even in August. ' The Thomas Stuart on this list is dead.' ' Don't you see that I am alive ?' cried Tom. ' Yes,' the other admitted, sharply ; ' but I don't see that you are Thomas Stuart. Here is the star opposite the gent's name.' ' Call one of the old servants. I've been away two years,' Tom said, resolutely con- trolling his temper, as he saw the grinning cabman standing guard over the portmanteau he had just brought in. ' Guess you know that the whole lot of old servants were cleared out six months ago,' the porter rejoined, with a derisive wink at the cabman. ' I will have you discharged for insolence to a member of the club,' Tom began im- pressively. ' I ain't afraid ' the other interrupted, triumphantly. ' If you are a member you must be a ghost ; and I don't believe in ghosts.' Stammering with wrath, yet equally de- termined against a row or a retreat, Tom ejaculated the names of several acquaintances likely to be available for his identifica- tion. ' Out of town,' his adversary repeated, with a leer, which grew more objectionable at each repetition, until Tom remembered David Wynne, an elderly bachelor who pro- fessed a conviction that London and New York share the comforts of life between them, and that a man of reasonable experience is to be found either in one city or the other at any season. ' He is in town,' the porter conce- ded. ' Dines here every evening, eight sharp.' ' I shall return at eight ; and I shall report you ' Tom declared, turning away with but small consolation in anticipating the vindi- cation of his course which would crown his reappearance : for he was impotently aware of another exchange co winks across his shoulder. ' The Brunswick,' he ordered, haughtily, and hid his discomfiture in the cab. At an hotel he was assigned a room with- out accusation of being a fraud or a phantom, and there he proceeded to consider the singular position in which he found him- self. The lawyer with whom he had left his will, previous to his departure for Africa, could probably give him all details concerning the origin of the rumor of his death. Was his small patrimony already divided among the distant heirs ? Tom started from his chair to seek the lawyer's office at once ; but he sank back again with a half-smile : the old gentle- man's holidays occurred in August, and Tom shrank from confronting a clerk possibly as sceptical as the club porter. He must wait for Wynne, who was a certainty at eight o'- clock, and who, always well posted in every- body's affairs, could inform him not merely about the rumor of his death, but about some imaginable results of that rumor which troubled this perplexed young man more than the temporary doubt of his identity or the brief disarrangement of his fin- ances. Before the star was printed beside his name in the club list his death must have been widely credited. This explained Mabel's silence : she believed him dead two years since ; a long, long time for faithful mourning of the dead,—the dead who had been neither just nor tender in his farewells. Good God ! how should he bear to hear that Van Eyck had won her ? Very ghost-like he felt as he wandered rest- lessly from the hotel to the streets. Poor ghosts,—real ghosts ! he hoped that heaven, or even the other place, shut them securely from any news of the world which they had left, and which did not miss them! Eight o'clock found him again at the club, where his enemy the hall porter took his card in eloquent silence and presently announced that Mr. Wynne would see him. There was a keen look of question upon David Wynne's clever countenance as he awaited his visitor. ' This is a most extraordinary coincidence, or a most——' he began, but broke off ab- ruptly as Tom advanced under the electric lights : then, with dilating eyes, he exclaimed, ' Great Heavens ! Tom Stuart ?—you are alive ?' 'According to my own sensations I am,' Tom said, smiling unmirthfnlly ; ' though so many sane people seem sure of my death that I begin to doubt.' ' My dear fellow,' Wynne interrupted, grasping Tom's hand in both of his, and speaking with delightful exaggeration, ' I have never been so glad to see any one.' He broke off again, to stare at the other's hand- some sunbrowned face. ' This is inexplicable,' he muttered. ' If you mean the rumor of my death, I in- tend to have that explained very thoroughly,' Tom declared, grimly. ' And I come to you to start my investigations.' ' It was much more positive than a rumor : it was a cablegram,' Wynne said, ruminat- ingly. Then he drew forward a big chair for his guest, dropped into another, and took a letter case from his pocket. ' I sent to my rooms for this when the porter told me that some impostor was claim- ing your name,' he began, briskly. ' This is my receptacle for newspaper cuttings which interest me particularly and are not too long. Here is your obituary——' ' Which was not too long,' Tom interpo- lated, bitterly. ' Better be a living dog than a dead lion,' Wynne cried, genially. ' I assure you, my boy, that you were very much talked about for a week at least. One must be a Bismarck or a Gladstone to expect more of one's world. Hear what the Herald says : ' With deep regret we announce the death near Zanzibar, Africa, of the talented young artist Thomas Stuart. He had joined the expedition fitted but by Messrs. Blount and Brooke for the purpose of making sketches among majestic and unfamiliar scenery. His death occurred after a few hours' illness, during the second day's march from the coast, and the sad intelligence was cabled to his lawyer in this city by a servant of Mr. Blount's, who had been sent back to Zanzi- bar for that object. Thus again does the Dark Continent deprive us of geni- us.' ' Gratifying to you hereafter to know how a Herald reporter classifies you,' Wynne said, giving the cutting to Tom with a smile. ' Just now it is more important that we should analyze such facts as you may remember con- cerning the servant who sent that cablegram. Did Blount discharge him ? Or did he have any grudge against you ?' ' Not the slightest. Nor was he dis- charged ; he simply got funked and left us after our first bivouac.' ' From whom did Blount get him ?' ' From Fritz Van Eyck, who had em- ployed him on his yacht, and who recom- mended him strongly.' ' Van Eyck ?—If somebody influenced this servant to send the cablegram, that somebody must have had an object to gain by the report of your death. Van Eyck couldn't, of course ?' Wynne paused, as Tom uttered an ex- clamation : ' The scoundrel !' ' Go slowly, my boy,' the elder man said, gravely. Tom, who had grown very white, pressed both hands over his eyes, while, with a flash of divination whose vividness dizzied him, he understood the whole plot. Two years in which to win Mabel from the memory of the lover she believed dead ? Such had been Van Eyck's object in devising and accom- plishing, through his old servant, this curious fraud. Doubtless the well-paid servant had vanished. The master's complicity would be difficult to prove. Yet, more and worse, Van Eyck was attractive, devoted : Mabel was probably already his wife,—pure, proud Mabel, whose misery, should she discover that her husband had been guilty of so base treachery, would not be lessened by the knowledge that he was tempted by love of her. ' What has Van Eyck been doing these two years !' Tom asked, presently. ' Loafing, as usual, and making love to Miss Nesbit.' ' Has that occupation been successful ?' ' Slow but sure, those say who profess to know. There are bets—bad form, those bets !—that Miss Nesbit will be Mrs. Van Eyck before Christmas. Keep cool, my boy,' Wynne added, with an odd change of tone, and a glance across Tom's shoulder toward a man who was approaching them. Tom rose. The new-comer stood stone still. For a moment they stared at each other, with a gaze of such entire mutual comprehension that words were needed merely for its disguise. ' Alive, after all the weeping and wailing for you is ended ? Very indiecreet, Mr. Stuart,' Van Eyck exclaimed. ' You evidently did not share the general belief in my death.' ' I rarely share a general belief, even in matters which concern me more deeply than the rumoured death of an acquaintance.' ' This rumor took the form of a cablegram sent by a servant whom you recommended to us.' ' I stood sponsor for the fellow's cooking, not for his veracity, or his sanity.' The short sentences, sternly swift as the first passes in a duel a la mort, ceased sharply. During another long moment neither man moved,—a moment in which Tom fought a nobler battle for Mabel's future happiness than ever knight of old waged for his lady's name ; and the adver- sary he conquered was his own fierce desire to strike his clinched hand against Van Eyck's sneering smile. ' Good-night, Wynne,' he said, rather breathlessly. ' Being a ghost, I am inspired by the well-known ghostly liking for solitary prowling.' Without further word to Van Eyck, he walked down the room, followed by Wynne. ' Right you are,' that gentleman mur- mured, rejoicingly conscious of having escaped complicity in a row. ' I doubt whether you could prove anything ; and accusation, un- less proved, seems mere blackguardism. Clever rascal he is.—eh ? Neat, that hint about the cook's canity. Breakfast with me to-morrow, at ten, my boy. I'll hunt up two or three old chums, and we'll drink to your new lease of life.' Van Eyck was turning over an eve- ning paper when Wynne passed him again. ' Has Stuart been interviewing his dis- appointed heirs ?' he asked languidly ; ' or did he lose his manners in Africa ?' ' He has had a curious experience.' ' I should like to hear how be enraged my very peaceable cook.' ' He says the cook had no cause for grudge against him.' Van Eyck shrugged his shoulders. ' That is a statement which few will believe, even though a man return from the dead to tell it,' he quoted, cynically. Then he rose. ' Ta-ta, Wynne,' he said, without offering his hand,—perhaps because Wynne's remained somewhat rigidly pendent. ' I sail in the Majestic to-morrow ; due in Scotland next week for the August shoot- ing.' ' Scotland ? Capital idea. You couldn't do better,' Wynne declared, and went to dinner chuckling softly. ' Tom wins, by Jove, after throwing down his cards. And there must be one woman yet as constant as Penelope.' Tom Stuart, however, had not thrown down all his cards. Though he had resolved to leave unaccused the man who had by such ingenious treachery won Mabel from him, he owed it to her to write her of his return, and of his unchanged love, not mentioning Van Eyck's name, perhaps. As Tom walked swiftly along a way that had used to be the way to Paradise, there drifted across the tu- mult of his thoughts some lines which thrilled him wondrously : There's a time in the lives of most women and men When tangled threads would grow smooth and even If only the dead could know just when To come back and be forgiven.' Was this ghostly coming back the ' just when ' ? Surely he would not lose the chance of it ! Mabel, of course, must now be out of town ; be could get her address from the care- taker left in charge of her house, and she should have his letter before seeing Van Eyck again. Very bleak and black the tall house looked as he rang,—darkly different from the bril- liant welcome its lighted windows had been wont to offer him. ' Her address, is it ? She's here herself,— come into the city for a couple of days,' the care-taker replied to his demand, then van- ished in haste to finish one of the perennial meals of her class. The drawing room, despoiled of curtains and portieres, yearned before him, a dim cave, with an atmosphere redolent of linen furniture covers instead of mouldy stone ; and into its depths he stumbled. Yes, she was there, rising tremulously from the shadows, white as the vision she be- lieved him to be. ' Tom ? Tom !—Is this dreaming ? or dy- ing?' she whimpered, awed but not afraid ; not afraid, because love, thank God, is mightier than death or fear of it. With this thanksgiving he took her in his arms, and forgave the rest of the world its treachery and its forgetfulness.—Ellen Mac- kubin. 