? EDITOR'S NOTES. THE GAWLER WATERWORKS. The figures which were published three weeks ago concerning the Gawler Waterworks were more favorable in ^several respects tbau were those pub lished for the year ending December 31. 1«92. The latest statistics refer to the year ending June 30 last, so that the , %ores relating to the six months from Jaosarj 1 to June 30, 1893, are missing. It was represented, however, that it would be more convenient for the department to supply the figures for the financial twelve months than for the calendar year, and it will, of course, make no difference to the Corporation. ? :??*?'? + * * The most .notable feature of the 1893-4 figures is the falling off ?£ working expenses and oost of main toaahee from £1,152 18s. 9dVinl892 : to £776 14a. 9d. This item stood at £630,88. 7d. in 1890, but jumped to £B«a 13b. in 1891, and £1,152 18s. 9d. m 1«92. The cause of the jump was not altogether attributable to the increased quantity of water, pumped, but the real reason has never yet come to light. ? ♦ * ' * There was a falling off in the quantity of water pumped last year of over 5,000,000 gallons the reduction in the demand, for the railways being responsible for nearly half this. The revenue for railway supply was only £292 7s. last year, as against £478 llsr 6d. in 1892, and £503 5s in 1891\. Thanks, however, to the more moderateworking charges thepercentage of profits again exceeds 5 per cent. On the whole we have reason to be satisfied with the returns, and look for concessions in some direction in the Bear future. Unclaimed Letters.— The following un- claimed letters were lying at the Post Office, 11th inst.:— Mrs H. Colemau, Agnes Cook, J. Child, A. Edmonds, H. Goedecke, C Freak, G. Freak, 0. HiUier, G. Hyde, E. H. Heaery, Miss M. Johnson, Mr. H. A. MoOormaok, G. fl. Morgan, Mrs. GL H. Morgan, Rose Power. E. Roach, A. 'Stock- strom, T. Sanderoook, Mrs. Thomson, F. Thomson, G. T. Wright, Wm. Wells, Mrs. W. Wells, Thos. Ward, Miss F. Woode* field. Good News jrom the West.— The W.A. Ooldfidds Courier oorrespondent at Ninety Mile writes:— 'The first crushing machine on the Ninety will start on Monday. It is Lenz and Paynter'a patent made by Messrs. James Martin & Co., Gawler, and will .crush 5 ojrt per day. I was at the trial yesterday. It was purchased and brought up here by Hawson and party, who have decided not to sell their lease, but to work it themselves, considering they will extract far more than £5,000 worth of gold during the next few months. If the stone goes on like that out through at the trial it would not ttke long to tot up a thousand ounces,' This is the claim in which Mr. Sid. Fotheringham is interested. Tkb Hok. Johh Wabbek t. the Hon. Gr. McGregor. — We understand that a publle debate is to take place between the above members of the Legislative Council, at Wiliiamstown, to-morrow evening. The subject is ' The Labour Party ; its actions and policy.' The Hon. John Warren will lead off, and will have three-quarters of an hour in whieh to express his opinions. Mr. McGregor will have a similar space of time to defend his party, and then eaoh speaker wOl have fifteen minutes for the last reund. The debate, we believe, is the outcome of a leoture reoently delivered by the Hon. G. McGregor, at Wiliiamstown, under the ausploes of the local branch of the Barossa Political Reform League, which, likewise, has made the arrangements for the present wordy contests OrsS'AtB Concerts— As our readers will already have seen the Corporation have decided to arrange for; a aeries of six open air concerts on the Recreation Ground during the next few weeks. This sort of entertainment is the most popular that can be desired for hot mmmer evenings, and the object in view is not only to provide an enjoyable evening pastime, but to raise a sum of money whioh shall be applied to the reduotion of debt on the Exhibition Build, ing. The illuminations will be la the cap* able hands of Mr. J. B. Broderiok, and the attractions provided wiU.be such as .should ensure a double success for each evening. The first of the series will take place on Tuesday 29th inst. Forestry.— The quarterly finance meeting of Court Bushman's Pride was held at the Oddfellows' Hall, Gawler. on Wednesday evening, Chief Ranger Rebbeck presiding over 60 members. The Finance Seoretary (Mr. C. H. Biles) presented the balance* sheet, and the Auditors reported on the gratifying result of the quarter's working. The Chairman of Trustees {tit.' C. (J. Roediger) reported on the condition of the funds invested. The finance statement showed :— Receipts, .£444 4s. 3d.; amount paid in slok relief, £83 6s. 8d.; total worth of funds, £2,553 3s. 4d., as against £2,509 16s. 7d., the previous balance ; gain for the quarter, £45 6s. 9d. The loans on mortgai e amounted to £1,889 10s.; Bank fixed deposit and current account, £542 3s. 7d.; benero lent fund, £49 7s. 5d. The total number of members is 375. The election of officers for the ensuing six months resulted as f ol- lows:— C.R., Bro. T.Gill; Sub-C.R., Bro. W. Sheriff; Seoretary, Bro. A. Gartrell; S.W., Bro. Antwis ; J.W., Bro. R. Bassett ; S.B., Bro. T. Penna ; J.B., Bro. S. Sheriff: The usual presentation to the retiring Chief Ranger and the installation of the newly eleoted offlo&rs; were held over until the next Court meeting. A Useful Invention.— Mr. H. Hart, J.P., to #hom the district, for his enter, prise, is under great obligation, during the holidays set himself to work to make a seed sower and manure distributor combined. The machine, if such it can be called, is fixed to a three-furrow plow, and distributes bone-dust just as the hindermost furrow is being turned, themangoid seed drill follow ing in rear sows on top, and when the plough goes the next round the seed is covered. Mr. Hart is trying the experiment of sowing swedes with the mangolds. To do this he has fixed another seed drill at the end of the shaft which drives the other two, and sows the seed on top of the mangold seed. The former is being sown at the rate of about 2 ozs. to the acre and the latter 2 lbs. to the acre. A hopper, whioh carries sufficient bone-dust for a round; has an auger working horizontally in it, whioh draws the manure through a somewhat larger hole. The whole is driven by a length of short link ordinary chain on two wooden wheels and does the work well. In fact the whole contrivanoe does its work thoroughly, and though of a primitive appearance its appearance could hardly be improved on. An ingenious fixing of a cord to the lever of the plough throws the affair out of gear simultaneously with the plough being put out of woik.—Millicent Timt». ? The Failure of Demccract.— Annie Besant is said to be disgusted with the failure of demooraoy in Australia. A good many other people are likewise disgusted with the failure of democracy iu Australia, and in many other places as well. Few of these, however, stop to consider that mon arohy and aristooraoy have been failures for 5,000 years or thereabouts, while democracy only began to be seriously heard of on any luge soale half-a-oentury ago, and isn't really started yet. When half-a-dozen large civilised nations have run an absolutely de tnocratio government — a government where the whole legislature, the President, and all the other powers that be, are eleoted by adult suffrage only — for 1,000 years, then it wilt be possible to deoide whether democracy is a failure or not. The professed democrats who propose to throw up their faith in dis gust beosuse a few small obsoure states, with a polidoal system which is one-third de mocracy and two-thirds oligarchy, haven't revolutionised the world in a single genera* tion, and who therefore desire to go baok to the system whioh deluged the earth with blood for fifty centuries, are not like to do much good to any cause. They belonged to the class that would give a two-grain quinine pill to a Methuselah la the last stage of leprosy, and demand that he should become young and healthy. again in one act, The world is very, Tery old and diseased and rotten, and unwieldy and ignorant ; and It is debased by countless ages of oppression and weighed down by the ghosts and fetishes and wandering spooks of more old super* etiUo&s; than any man oan count. It has first to learn by a long slow procession of evolution what liberty really it. Then it has to acquire its liberty and defend it when acquired. Then it has to ilearn how to use It, and if these processes fchow aiy definite sigo of accomplishment in another ten cen turies the good work will be makii g reason* able progress.— Bulletin. 8x. GMBort Cmjb.— AMeattoa is called to an advertisement in another oolama. Preliminary notice Is there given of a aeries of open-air entertainments in aid of St. George's Club, on the lines of the Baden. Baden concerts, which were so successful last Oeoember. We have received a oopy of the January ilcumgtr, the organ of the Club, containing further- particulars of-th* forthcoming attempt to ral«em sum ef money for the building of more suitable dab rooms. Toe Holidays.— Daring the past lew,; weeks A. Sheard has been busy opening na new shipments of all classes of goods. A nice lot of holiday 9SAPBRT, Jblousea, straw hats, aprons, pinafores { the newdre|» linens in pink, blue, and other dark colours, A full stock of the noted cashmere hosiery direct from the beat manufacturers la the world ; a large ehoioa of fancy goods, useful and ornamental for 'Xmas presents. Visitors to Gawler are recommended to call at Eessex House Cash Store, whare both excellence of quality and reasonableness in price can always be relied on.— B6. Death of an Octogenarian.— Yesterday afternoon there passed away at his nephew's residence, Church Hill, Mr. William Woods, one of the few octogenarians in the district, and one who spent nearly half of his life in Gawler. Born in Belfast, Ireland, on June 17, 1810, he spent his early years in that city and at Newry, but in 1834 he moved to Liverpool. After working there as dock turncock for the waterworks for 19 years he embarked for Australia,coming out in the ship Albatross (Captain Geves.) The deceased gentleman paid £50 for the passage of his wife and three children and worked his own passage as second- cabin steward. The ship arrived in Hobson's Bay after a trip of 87 days and the Adelaide passengers were transferred to the barque Alice Brooks (Captain Davidson). The voyage from Melbourne to Adelaide took 14 days and the deceased with his family arrived in Gawler on August 15, 1854. Here he resided up till the time of his decease, with the exception of about eighteen months spent at the Yacka station near Black Springs. While there he erected a pine building for a schoolroom, and this was afterwards fitted with a pulpit, and used as a Wesleyan chapel for 16 years. This was in the fifties. Returning to Gawler Mr. Woods entered the employ of the late Mr. Gozzard, and filled the dual position of bread and letter deliverer, for at that time the late Mr. Gozzard fulfilled the duties of postmaster. Of late years Mr. Woods had lived a retired life, and was known only to the old residents of the town. The deceased gentleman was possessed of vigorous mental powers, and had high intellectual tastes. From his youth he was a diligent student of theological and philosophical subjects, and until the last year or two, when his sight failed, regularly read the leading reviews and other current literature. He was gifted with an excep- tionally good memory, and his friends spent many a pleasant hour in hearing him recite extracts from the poets, committed to memory perhaps scores of years before, reminiscences of his early home and colonial life, and historic incidents in the religious, scientific, and political life of his youth and manhood. It was a sore trial to the deceased when failing sight compelled him to give up his reading, but the loss was partially com- pensated for by his friends reading to him the latest works on his favorite subjects. From his youth he regarded religion as an all important matter, and was a member of the Wesleyan Cburch for eighteen years. While living at Liverpool his voice was frequently heard in exhorta- tion at the docks. His studies, however, led him into doubt. "I could not reconcile the goodness of God," he said recently to a friend, "with the doctrine of eternal punishment for the great bulk of the human race.' After describing his unhappiness and struggles to overcome this feeling he con- tinued, "After much anxious thought I gave up theology altogether and turned to the book of nature, in which no impostor can forge a page and whose scroll is spread out before the eyes of every man. On the earth It is illustrated by all that is magnifi- cent and beautiful, in the heavens its letters are suns and worlds. It has ever been my object to live a moral and upright life not for fear of punishment or the hope of reward, but because it is the only life worth living, and because there is happiness along the whole line. But perhaps some friend will say ' But what about the end of life's jour- ney, old man?" Well, I am quite resigned to my destiny. I came into being by the operation of natural laws and natural law will blot me out again," The deceased gen- tleman, who was very highly esteemed by those who ware associated with him, was twice married, his second wife dying four years ago. Of the children of the deceased the only one now living Is Mrs. Kitson, of Broken Hill. The late Mr. James Woods, (of Messrs. Woods and Robertson, Willaston) was a son, and Messrs. W. H. Woods, (Terowie), F. J. Woods (Adelaide), C. E. Woods and W. Kitson (Gawler) are grand- sons. 