SCARSDALE. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The promoters of the Horticultural So ciety must have been highly gratifred at the success that attended their efforts in connec tion with the show.held in the town hall on Saturday evening last. The hallvwaa well filled by ladies and gentlemen from all parts of the surrounding district. The exhibits were beautifully laid out by- Messrs Ward, Young, Clarkson, Bird, Carnegie and Ben nett on the centre table. About 100 varieties of chrysanthemums exhibited by Dr Donald son and Messrs Wishart, Cochrane and Barry at the recent Linton show, for which prizes were obtained, were on view and greatly admired. Button-hole bouquets by Miss Agnes Young; heart and lyre floral design and basket of flowers, Miss Jane Young; bridge and anchor-floral design,- 'Miss.Johnson, of Linton; 6 varieties' of cut flowers in vases, Miss N.' Carnegie; 93 varieties of . chrysanthemum, Miss Kate Clarkson; and a handsome collection of pot plants (34 varieties), Miss Bird, with a nice collection of pot plants; basket of flowers, tastefully done up by Miss Miller;- Mr Carey, of Italian Gully road, 30 varieties of chrysanthemums; Master W. Slater, b-’uquet, including 19 varieties; Mrs F. Voutier, Italian Gully, 28 varieties; Miss Bosch, 7 varieties; and Miss Sarah Nemon, a beautiful bouquet of 19 varieties; Miss Ward, a fine collection of pot plants; Miss Carnegie, collection of cut flowers artisti cally arranged, . There were also several floral, designs arranged .by the ladies and committee. Mr Barry, of Linton, brought a magnificent display of flowers, that filled a large side table, including 50 varieties of chrysanthemums, also several bouquets, in cluding one handsome bridal bouquet, and 12 varieties nf splendid dahlias. Vegetables —Mr A. Young, jun., a choice collection of melons; Mr Frank Bird, miscellaneous col lection, including melons, radishes, red beet, tomatoes, turnips, and amber cane seed. Mr A. Young, in a neat speech, thanked the Linton friends who had sent so many beauti ful flowers. Mr Cochrane ably responded. Mr G. R. S'oker announced that the secre tary (Mr F. Voutier) would take the names of those wishing to join the society, and several ladies and gentlemen at once handed in . their names. Some nice music on the piano was rendered at intervals during the evening by the following ladies and gentle men, viz., Misses Clarkson, Miller, Young, Carnegie, and Mr A. Young, jun. Some good songs were also given by Messrs Davies, Harris, and Gordon. The Linton Curlew mintrels gave an enter tainment in the Newtown Library Hall on Friday, 3rd instant, in aid of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. There was a fair attendance. The first part of the programme was gone through in a highly creditable manner, all the numbers beiog well rendered, causing at times hearty laughter. For the second part of the programme Mr A. Young took the chair. and introduced the singers, whose efforts in this part of the programme were highly appreciated. Mr G. R. Stoker proposed, and Mr Isaac Allison seconded, a hearty vote of lhanks to the performers and to all who had assisted in so nnbln a cause. The performance concluded with the farcical comedy entitled, “The Ghost of the Pawn Shop,” which caused roars of laughter. The hall was then cleared for dancing, which was kept up to the “ etna’ hours.” m 