WISE AND OTHERWISE. It will doubtless be most gratifying to tho Australian natives to know that all our publio men do not belong to that paok of howling dotraotora who havo set up tho ory of " shoddy" about nil looal productions. It has beon ralsod by frcc-lrado rcaotionarios liko Mr. .Taincu Howling uravos, Mr. Maddon and Mr. Irvine, and linn done incalculable mischief, for whioh thoso very ostiinablo politicians will no doubt in duo oourso rcocivo tho reward thoy so rlolily deserve. But whllo suoh cxircmlsts say wo aro incapablo of producing anything Imt shoddy ; whilo Mr. Graves slanders our liaimols and Mr. Madden libeln tho onndlo makers by insinuating that they uso oiay ns an illumiunnt, it is refreshing to nota Sir John Madden— appearing for tho defendant this timo, ns it wore — publicly dnclnres that there is, at all avontB, nothing " shoddy" about tlio personal courngo of the "ohildren of our soil," and tiiat (to uso his Exccllenoy'a spread caglo plirnss) " no people on earth" can surpass tho nativo for pluolt. Sotnohow tlio ainglo tax cause is not flourish ing in our midst, notwithstanding the offorts of Mr. R. M. Smith's "industrious foreign friend." It is truly disappointing, after so muoh noiso and hustle, to learn that for 14 months' " pro gress" the Icaguo has only only boon ablo to scrape together, by hook anil by crook, an income of £80 14s. Id., wliioh lias proved insuflioiont by £19 19s. 4d. to cover tlie very modest oxpensos incurred in spreading the gospel of tho single tax. Of oourse, with a paltry 5s. a day available for boor and billsticking no lengue can liopo to successfully work up tlio enthusiasm of the multitude. Mr. Mnx Hirscii has, mora in sorrow than in nugor, told ids disnppointsd conjrires that his duties an ohlef of tho loaguo was not a bod of roses. But let him take heart of graao from tho shining example of another noblo eon ,/rirc — Mt. It. M. Smith — who has for a quarter of a oontiiry beon successfully lending tho free-trade baud from ono dofoat to unothur. Tho French poso as tha most oulturcd raco on onrtb, but its military boroes are a olaBi apart. The Frenoli soldior is alone great in battle. Ho recognises that his true dcatiny is to kill with tlio sword, not with words. Boing truo to this destiny, Gonoral Dodds found himself in tlie awkward fix of not understanding a singlo word of tho oloquenca poured into his oar by somo perfidious Albions who sntsrtainod liirn at Par liament IIouso this weak. Yot it is marvellous Iiow muoh a Frenchman oan oonvoy by n shrug of tlio shoulders, or by elevating his eyebrows, or by simply ejaculating "Woo, woo" ami "All, Monsiour." Still this sort of conversa tion did not scorn nltogctlior satisfactory to ono of liis entortainers, who, taking it for granted that though a Fronohman may not understand English bo ' is certain to know something of Gaelio, launched a long "discoorao " about the glories of tlio High lands, of olaymoroH, of tho maRsaoro of Glenooo and tils fascination of "wliusky." And tlie surmise of tlie enthusiastic Scot proved' well founded, for his guttural noises produced a more marked ortoot upon General Dodds than tlie "Watoh Am Ithino " did at Sedan. However, tlio general still lives, though ho almost fell beneath tho Highland oharge. Some pooplo oan't livo without nlways having a bogoy on bonrd. And as soon ns one is laid out thoy straightway hasten to raise riiiotlicr, and so tlio foolish game is kept up. '1 hat is called fighting for free-trade. The newest bogey is that a wioked Commissioner of Customs — "a Jaok in oflico" in faot, as tlio journaliBtia oraole elegantly puts it — has datcrininoil to lloeco tho poor ratepayer of £100,000 duty oh sanitary ware, which must bo importod " for tho soworago works — tbat drentn of Fitz-Gib-Bon. Tho must bcoomoa obvious whon it is explained that the chairman of the Seworngo Bonrd lias written a pootical oironlar on the eubjoot, whioh the ProBB Ornclo echoes tlihs : — " It is not to be expected that any local firm will undertake to mako tlio whole of tlie material." Of oourso not ; how could .tbey do anything so idiotic, wlton they mightoom- fortably sit idle and workless, while tho "job" is snapped up by tho importers ? Of oourso it is not obligatory for Sir Oracle to consult any looal manufacturers bofore writing authoritatively and with oonfitlonce on the faots ns affecting any particular industry. That is not tho way weighty freo-trado argumonts are manufactured. Tlio facts, however stubborn, must loam to accommodate themsolvos to tlie nigumcnt or eiso take the ooiisoqiicnocs. In tho present inatanco tlie local manufacturers say that thsy can, and arc, waiting to mako all ware required for our Bawtrago works, nnd thus the £100,000 duty bogoy turns into what Mr. Chutnshide would call a "rotton" nrgu. ment. But Mr. Fitz Gibbon's attitude in this matter requires explanation, booauso it is iu tolornblc that a paid Borvant of the publio should bo attempting to oircumvent tbo protootivo policy of tlio oouutry. A nice timo we should have if Victoria fell into tho hands of a few free-trade bagmen. A considerable proportion of tlie latter-day philosophers bold that tho world , is bocoming ovor oiviliscd,and that excessive and ever increas ing refinement will lead to tho elimination of every manly element from human nature. Hor- rihlc pictures nro limned of timos whou cold tea will be tlio solo refreshment, dispensed ntoqiially oold ooffeo palaces by tho spcotnolod virgins of tho W.O.T.U., and when the threo seientifio rounds, in whioh " Plug " Gilligan and "Tippo" Johniteno are wont to settle their differences will have given placo to a severely respectable) debato between two mild-eyed spcoimons.of an atrophied humanity. In view of tliia contention it is a mattor of satiifaotion to find tiio Coburg shiro oouncil so pregnant with sporting instinct as to grant permission to nn ninbitioiis ratepayer " to shoot goats and gcosc." Tho nbssnoo of all big gnmo, with tbe oxcoption of Obinamou, from any spot within thrcopcnny tram radiue has beon tlie causo of much lionrtburning among tlio sportsmen of Molbourno for somo years past. Tho stillness inherent to tho summer afternoon, whon the ourse of tho barraokor has faded 'away iu a melancholy cadence, will ho enlivened by tho Bnap of tho rifle, tbo howls of tho viotims of those who "didn't know it wns loaded," and the patter of bullots on tho galvanised iron roofs. Possibly, also, tbe placo will bocomo tho favorifo shikkar ground for tho sassiety shooter, and thithor " Gundagai " will get to invigorato tho energies waatod in a 28 days' libel notion, while tho figure of that votoran sport, Monsoignor O'Hea, walking home along Gsffney's-road with a trusty Abrahams gun over his shoulder nud a goat dragging behind him, will probably be n speotaole familiar to tbe inhabitants of the locality: Tho unfortunately " luoky " man who won an elephant in a rnllle, and was utterly ruined tticreby, had a least ono otnim to sympathy — he did not dolihcrately and in cold blood purohaso the oolossui whioh ate him out of house nnd home. Victoria, on the other hand, line no suoh mitigating excuse for her poisossion of that remarkably useless and expensive its elephant, i her alleged navy. She bought the liydra- lieaded monster in open market, paid about nsldear for it an possible, and line most handsomely rationed and providod for its wants without grudging, requiring nothing in return oxccpb a quasi-popular marine display onco a year ; but still fondly hugging tho illu sion that tlio timo would come when tlio steel- olnd squadrons and ironbound armadas of kaiser, oztir, king or republican autocrat would bo soattored in fight by Viotoria's "navy." Now the bottom is knocked out of that dear delusion. Wo know what our navy is worth as it stands, and havo the cheerful additional consolation of being informed by tho Imperial Defence Committee, backed by naval exports, that floating harbor defenace are not only supererogatory but a source of weakness. Shall we Bltirve tho moustor to death, put it on half rations, dispose of it by lottery, or simply bond it till we can afford a littlo extravagaucu, or until Providence delivers a purcliasor into our hands? Soinothing must be dono, anyway. Tho monster oats up £20,000 a year. How would It do to insure the navy heavily and aotually send it to sea? But of course tho familiee of tbo orew would objsot. Whether the variations in terrestrial mag- netism whioh generally accompany snowfalls in tlisis latitudes havo anything to do with it or not, tho reoont " oold weather wavo " has beon as significantly aooompaslcd by outbreaks of that pooullar form of idlooy known as " practical jolting " asevor a full tinoon has been with dovelop- nonta of lunaay. Something, at all evonts, has seriously affeatod, in peouliar fashion, tho brains of a nuinbor of persons in various parts of aub- traliaof lato;aud though tho manifestations havo lioan diverse tho general characteristics of the opldomio are uniform. Tito symptoms are a burning but utterly motiveless desire to oauso peln, annoyance, disoomfort, oithor bodily or mental, indiscriminately to as many persons as possible, undor the illusion that shook, fright or physical irritation coadministered Is a "joke," Tho first notable demonstration waa at Albury, where three youtliH of tho superior larrikin typo oonoeivod the happy idoa of inflaming tho cyca nostrila nnd bronaliinl tubes of the guests at a ball, by filling balls of eotton witli oayonne peppor, soaking them in kerosone and oonooal- iug those villainous fumigants in the dauolng hull. Next, somo idiot who had henrd of "Spring IIool Jaok," and had acquired somo knowlcdgo of tha effects to be produced by phos phoric painting, proasedsd to startle timorous women and young ohildren in Melbourne suburbs by masquerading as a Mophlstopliollsn ghost. Then a superior genius arose in tho viainity of Orcswick gifted with tiio marvellous power of seeing the humor of informing a woman in a very delicate atato of henlth that hor son was drowned, thoroby Bonding hor into convulsions end bringing her to tho edge of tho grave. Other littlo humorous pranks, suoh as outting the tails off horses and throwing dogs down wells to perish slowly of cold and starva tion, aro reported, nnd it is sulfioiontly elour that a regular epidemic of alleged prnctioal joking has sot in. For the more advnneed cases of humor a strong oountor-irritant, suoh as tlie oat, would be absolutely ouratlve. ( A charming country is Western Rlvcrinn, and one of its most pleasant features is that, though tiiera is always something wroug with it, there is plenty of variety, and no one particular kind of plague has ovor timo to bsoemo really monotonous. Sometimes tho Darling is up and the oountry under, water ; but mora genorally it is tlio other way round, and the cry of tho Wost is drought and desola tion. Sometimes travelling stock perish from inability to sustain oxistenae on fencing wire, nnd at others becauso old " man " salt bush is too plontiful, or tho " Darling pea " in profuse bearing. If tha squatters ara not oomplaining that thoir feed hns all been burned away by fierce sitnsliino tboy are sure to bo lament ing that Ilia frost has out it up to nothing. If tho rabbits liavo not eaten up all tho feed, you may be Bure that the wild dogs havo eaten all the sheep ; and the latest aeoounto from "way beck" rocoived in Wiloamiin thoroughly endorse this axiom. "On Boulka Lake the oountry is at present occupied by din goes" — food being too soaroe for rabbits. Singu lar, isn't it, how tonaaioualy those Western Riverina graziers cling to thoir desolate Darl ing leasea and anatbematiso progressive Land Acts ! South Australia's Premier has again eoverod himself with glory and notoriety, and is con sequently happy. With that happy knaok of intermingling personalities with politics in his pubiia and parliamentary doliveranocs far which ho is noted, Mr. Kingston so aggriaved Mr. Sparks, tho somewhat in- fiatnmahlo rnnnagcr of tho South Australian Company, that he undertook to rehulto tlie l'remior in Adelaide's main street with a horsewhip. Honors seem to have boon about easy in tho rough and tumble that ensued ; for though " first blood " was drawn by Sparks, Kingston bore the whip in triumph from tho Hold of battle, and clnima to havo countered heavily, spraining the thumb of his left — " ae I usually do in these little affairs," he modestly explains. Of course, it is a mere mattor of taste aa to whether one menaooa a political opponent with tongue, fist, whip, pistol or writ. Mr. Kingston lias himself offered the pistol and suffered tlie whip, but he scorns the writ. ; though a lawyer, is, or was, a "military man,'" and liko ltudyard Kipling's Mulvaney, he oannot forget " I wns a corporal wanet "; aud now ho lays tho additional olaim on Ade laide patriotism that " I havo shod my blood for South Australia." The ohargo has often been brought against the ohurohes in Victoria that thsy do not suffi ciently enter into tho temporal necessities of their flooks, that, in faot, tbey evade sooial questions as subjsots for sermons from the pulpit. Tliis roproaoh oan no louger he brought against them. During tha last two or three years ministers of almost all the de nominations have visd with eaoh othor iu attempts to show by word of mouth how noar to their hearts wsre these very quostions whioh they were supposed to ignore. And yot the melanoholy faot remaine that at a couDoil of the ohurohes held last week msmhers present pledged themselves to take immcdiato action in ordor to prevent tha legalisation of tho totalisator (in regard to tho Satanio influenoo of which tliore are two opinions even amonget church going people), whereas in refcrcnoo to the matter of sweating (a crying evil about whioh none but thoso who profit by tlio proooods of swoating oan have any opinion but one), tbey were satisfied to send to tho Anti-Swontiug League an "expression of sympathy with it in its philanthropic labors." Sympathy, indeed 1 Mr. Thomas Lang Is the latest apostle of phonetic spoiling in Molbourne, The idea is a most fnsoinating one. Mr. Deakin seems to think so, seeing that he took tlie choir at a mooting held tho other evening with a view to popularising the system. Setting aside as a flippant jest that a large number of Australian justices of tho psace aro said to habitually uso tlio phonetic method of spelling, it might very well bo asked what would happon to tho languago if Sootehmen, Lanoaahiro- men, Dovouahiremon, Ulstormen, Connaught- nieu, Cockneys and other natives of the British Isles, speaking dialeots almost unintelligible to eaoh other if set down in print, were to adopt the pbonotio eystom without demur? This leaves altogether out of considera- , tiou tbo psouliaritios of Australian twang. Tho result would probably be that newspapors printed under suoh conditions would havo to be divided into so many columns devoted to tbe speakers of eaoh dialect, with a glossary and translation at tbe end for the enlightenment of the speakers of mere English. A distinguished member of tb Victorian benoii of judges seized an opportunity lately to deliver an encomiaatia oration on tbe spotless purity aud unaBsailability by outside influence of any. kind, overt or covert, wbicit charac terised members of tho Viotorien judicial bench. Long words have to bo used upon this oooaaion, because the judgo used tbem. Everybody agreed with him, inoludiug the press, and wo .wore all very proud of eaoh othor. And now Mr. Goold, J.P., of Balrnsdale, threatens, to shatter this idol of ours into many ignominious pisoes. In a long lottor written by him to tho Grown Law department, this Gippsland icono clast remarks that, amongst other things, the most remarkable feature in oonnootion with tho judges' visits to Gippsland la the wonderful celerity exhibited by them iu getting out of it. From whioh it would now appear that tho Gippslanders aro gluttons for law. But tbo real reason for the complaint seems to lis deiper, namely, in tho faot that the judges do not prolong tho sittings sufficiently to enable the local lawyers to pile up anything like what thoy look upon as deoent hills of costs. Tho iaok of esprit de corps thus displayed by tha judges is naturally regarded as callous iu the extreme by tbo legal fraternity of Gippsland. 