A JUVENILE CONCERT. A juvenile conccrt was given on Thurs day evening week, in the Sabbath-school attached to the Alma-road Presbyterian Sabbath-fcbool, St. Kilda, in aid of tbe school funds, and -was an unqualified success. Tbe Bev. S. Robinson, D.D., presided, and Mr. Harper, tbe energetic secretary of tbe Sabbatb-school, was io a great way responsible for tbe excellent arrangements, Tbe 6tage was most taste fully decorated aod the nnmorous audience thoroughly appreciated the evening's entertainment. Owing to the extreme length of the programme no encores were allowed, had such permission been given every performer would have been honored with a recall. The programme was con tributed to as followe ; — Piano and organ duet, ' Festal March,' Misses A. Avery and J. Hamilton ; violin duet, ' Le Calais Royal,' Masters A. Anderson and C. Beaucbamp ; pianoforte trio, Misses J. Waugb, M. Peers, Peers, and Master J. Wnugh ; violiu solo, ' La Screnatn,' Miss Florrie Mnnson ; piauoforte duet, 41 The Fairy Queen,' Misses A. Avery and J. Robertson ; recitations, ' Modem Logic,' Master F. Robertson ; ' Baby in Church,' and '* Burglar Bill,' Miss Lala Pelham ; ' Ode to My Son,' Miss Dorotby Hiscock ; ?'Jack on Ghosts,' Master Jack Pelbam ; 'A Child's Appeal,' Mibs Maude Bowers; ' Wallaoe's Address,' Miss Mary Sbedden j ' Meddling Mattie,' Miss Millie Buon ; ' The Rose Girl,' Miss Amy Everett , and 'The Enthusiastic Conductor,'' Master Os. Jones. Ducts, ' The Sea,' Masters B. and G. Jones; ' Come o'er tbe Moonlit Sen,' Miss A and Master — West; 'List to tbe Convent Bells,' Miss A. and Master E. Daly. Songs, ' Alice ; Where Art Thou 1' Master E. West ; .'The Blind Girl/' Miss F. Munson ; ' Little Dame Crump/' Misses D. Richards, A. West, A. Daly, and Holyoake ; ' Ora Pro Nobis,' Muster Os. Jones ,* 'Daddy./ Miss A. Daly ; ** Birdies Ball ' and ' Come Birdie Come,' Miss Hilda Jones ; ' Mother's little Maiden,' Miss Dot Bunn; „Tbis and That,' Miss Alice West ; '? Consider the Lillies,' Masters B. aod G. Joues ; '* Chirrup,' Misses West, Daly, Richards, Sbedden, Bunn (2), Rowan, and Goodwin. Misses Robertson and MunBon made most efficient accompanists. Tbe concert was repeated with equally good results on Thursday last, in aid of tbe funds of the Ladies' Sewing Class. 