THE INCOME TAX. «'iii;<]nt .voir e iv.u'lio:! the people against the in'.rj.liiiMoij ii an liic ime I ax, except in tin": very la-t esur;, we piinted out the dangerous nut ur< i.f this particular form of tax. i» Joiim So H p w not claiming any lii'iiiiant discovery, for the mi me danger bad been frequently refened to in other countries. Wo drew attention to the fact that the country that has an Income Tax is always at the merry of the (iovernment of the day, because in an established Income Tax the Treasurer and his assistant torturers have the thumbscrews ready to hand —particularly ready to other people's hands, Tne machinery is all ready, there is no complicated bill to pass through Parliament, but just i simple little measure altering the rate in the £', and then, as Dame Carruthers says iu " The Yeoman of the <jtiard," " The screw may t «ist, And the rack may turn.'" Speaking broadly, just to illustrate our c intention, we may assume thai the average rate of the Income Tax all round is HI. in the A", and tint i' produces £-J4<J.WJ0 If the Treasurer linds that revenue and expenditure will not balance by, say, i'-'JO.OOO. lie need not wear his hair oil'by trying to retrench or tiud a new and statesmanlike way out of the trouble. He can give ihe screw a little twist, only a penny twist, and Jo ! he is .saved. When, in the past year, we warned the people, we fel' that this "free, easy and accessible " manner of getting at the taxpayer would soon be operated : but ive had no idea that the machine would he called upon to work so «<joi?. Ii ire can believe the ruin ours current about tlte Treasurer's monkeying with the Income Tax, we are lo have an altered and additional tax next year—the second year of the existence of the tax. We cm only say that Mr. Turner's hurry is only paralleled by that of the wife of the ghost of Jiamb't's father—" Not two nionthsdead, or yet the boots were old with which she followed my dead father, 7 <Ve., Ac. The Income Tax is not yet a year old, yet as soon us he finds that he cannot make both ends meet, he comes forward with his halh'ireii thumbscrews and refined tortures, and declares that " i'he screw may twist And the rack may turn." Or in plainer English, as there is a deficiency, that deficiency must i)e made up solely by those persons wh i are iu receipt of over A'liOy j)er milium. Although we do not say this advisedly, ue may assume that ihe tax »'jj] he iucremsed, but that the exemption will not be lowered. And for this reason. In the Jrons we are told 011 Monday that there is a proposal iu the Cabinet to increase the revenue from the Income Tax, and that the method ivill probably take the form of a re-adjustment uf the eJasses, and possibly the exempt minimum will be changed from A'l'W lo A'HiU per annum. At lirst sight there is h savor of ingenious policy about this, whether the ingenuity be that of the Arg us or of the Ministry, because it does not make the altered tax afl'eet that large body of Civil Servants who receive not more than A'o per week. On Tuesday the Age, a journal which, we presume it is no libel to say, is in the confidence of the Government, calls the Argus report "mere surmise," hut adds that "It is obvious that the decline in the revenue has excited the apprehension of the Treasurer, and he ivill, no doubt, have to find means of balancing the loss. But, to say that he contemplates spreading the Income Tax over a wider area so as to include incomes down to i'UJO is a wild guess at probabilities that have not been conceived by any responsible Minister." Tne statements of the rival dailies are only inconsistent in detail. The j4rgu> is probably right except as to the lowering of the exemption to A'Hi"; the .-ly is Machiavellian in not den J'ing, but referring to matter* ax pure surmise. We assume that the fact will be that the exemption of A'-'tW will remain ; that there will lie some regrading of incomes above that amount : and that there will be an increase in the rate of taxation. It is in this simple method of applying taxalion that the Income Tax fails to do justice. If all incomes were taxed it would be the fairest tax that could be designed, iu theory, at any rate; but the moment an Income Tax with ait exemption comes into force it is a tyrannical power in the hands of a Minister. Take the jiresent case and remember that this is only the lirst, r and . that ;.,,!,„ the tax i, „ not • 1..., a year <1 „ old. It is op«nly suted in the 1 re,s hat the necessity for further taxations ts the steady decrease it, the railway returns. 1 hat taxation. ./ retrench, mmt he imp-jstiUe, is necessary to pay for this decrease we are Muite willing to admit. The railways are very desirable conveniences, and like, say the Post Office or the Telegraph Department, are such public c mveniencien fiat H inigbt. be advisable lo run them at a loss. Hut it is surely unfair to make the Jiersons iu receipt, of over £-.'(11) a year jiay for the .'xpeuse ,,( running trains which are daily patronised by the members of the cominanity receiving less than £i>i)i> annum, hi the eise of the railways, all classes may lie said tn participate in any ndviiiil«g« that there maybe in running them lit ii III.SK, and it seems only fair that, i/' thai l"ss is vuiinrithhu, all classes should bear some share in it. But Ministers ure only human, and the convenience of increasing the income Tax could not be overlooked liy the most virtuous of Treasurers. repeat (bat we warned tlie public what the introduction of an Income Tax meant, and now, all too soon, that public will iind that the screw must twist, and that the rack will turn, A J'HO.tnsiiNT Victorian, whu has interested himself warmly in Federation, was travelling south on the Sydney express from Seymour one morning when a little incident occurred which he describes to his friends with great unction. We will call him Smith, for convenience. Opposite to him sat a red-faced, assertive-looking man, who looked like a traveller for somebody's soap. Time were half-a-dozen other people in the compartment. Presently the conversation turned upon Federation, just then a blazing ijuestion, and soon became general, .Nobody in the carriage recognised Smith as an ;ul of Federation, of whom all had read, ml ill due course the red-faced man dragaed his name into the discussion. " '! here's Smith," he said, pompously, " a little minded creature with no ideas of his oirn worth mentioning—a fellow who is getting tw/os out of a scheme tint 1 put him up to myself six months ago. Anyhow, 1 don't believe he's genuine ; lie's just notoriety hunting. What do you think'!" " Well," answered Smith, w ho was addressed, entering into the humour of the situation, .Smith may not hcauygrext shakes, but at least 1 believe him U> :be'ho,)est ttl)d earnebt in his enorts inthtsTOatter. ..JNwu^u^e; nonsense :" blurted the traveller. " 1 linoW-Snuth—kiiowhim well-went to Beh?^ ititk lijt.ii—and his politics are like baatity, skthaeep.'. " Indeed," said Smith, "trhai iosy your name be / ] have a niL'moryfo'r.'Jiices, hut 1 do not remember having met you before." The traveller's jaw fell, and he eyed Smith doubtin^lv for a moment, but .Ling a good drum,^: im was a man of much assurance. you mean f' )te blustered, politician, " that 1 am 6»<v you in my life before." "Oh: come" cried the drummer, " you can't play that game off U on 1 me ; I know . Smith ",""".," too well! Vou Smith : Ha ha l,a : J like that." The politician pulled Jhk travail from under the seat and showed the name upon it to the amused passengers. For a moment the drummer looked II ibbergaeted. but his orofessional cheek came 10,IUH. x u<„,, H„uw „OK * ' you came by my friend's travelling-bag, but it looks suspicious, and liaug in,-1;' 1 dm,'t give y u in charge alien r-.ach 'MM'mrnc." Smith's reply is not given for publication : it is enough to say the red-faced drummer took the earliest opportunity of losiug himself in the crowd when he train reached Spencer- strev*. 