British Liberal Debacle. The present position in England of what for convenience is designated the Liberul party reminds one of nothing more forcibly thua of an assertive youth who, for hi» unendurable arrogance, lias received at tbe hands of another youth, over whom ho hud vehemently crowed, a (instigation as thorough as it was unoxpected. Cowed by the custigution he has received, he retires to a place apart that he may pondor o'er his woes, and cogitate on means for avonging the cbastisoment under which he groans distressful. The result of the last general election in England to the miscellaneous nnd hetero geneous combinations which, grouped under' the ' desr»"n'afi6u''"Liheiial,' W'e're set against tho comparatively homogeneous Conservative , and ? Liberal Unionist phulanx, is in no degree overstated by "the above simile. Tbe " party " is abid ing in a .place apart, and is cogitating on .means for.. avenging tho. discomfiture, of retrieving the rout.,- ' , During the months .'which have passed since the outgoillg ;6f'tbe'';Libernl party, endeavours to"'" account fori tba.ovorthrow have been" iinany, and the" suggested means for rehabilitation have not been few. One of the latent of ' these endeavours / and , suggestions . appears as " Hints, for, .Reform," "dn the Daily Chronicle " 'of Ootober 22. It purports to be frainfa: correapdndeqt with consider able knowledge. .pi Liberal; organisation. .The indubitably ipv'erwheltning' defeat of the party has affected :the vision and the memory of the party mnuagers. One of the chiof symptoms of, this is .exhibited in tho bitter condemnation of previous party organisatmn. 'Twa3 ever thus ; just as the '"olii'msy" workman donounoes his tools, so do men .whoforvcurshnve believed in and olung to an organisation, when. a stupifying reverse conies, fall upon and belabour that organisation as the cause of tho reverse. Prior to about. 1870, althotigh 'eaoh- of ' the. sections milking up ' the Liberal party,' such- as Whig, Liberal, Radical, or' Deinoorat, had eaoh its organisation) there was no bucii thing as a national Liberal organisation. Bir mingham "early in the seventies led the way with a new, and ut the time popular, movemMit,, and;dhp- mraeswgiveu of the moil who luid thAfoumlutioria will waken thrilling memories in thu minds of many a man here to-day. There was Muntz, of metal fame ; there was R. W. Dale, the accomplished and sturdy minister of Carr's lane chapel; thero was If. "W. Crosskey, the highly talented Uni tarian ; there was Charles Viuce, the refined and eloquent Congre- gutionalist ; there was Goorga Dawson, the witty, clever, and honest qunsi-Unitarian, and every where popular lecturer; not to name Joseph Chamberlain, John Bright, J. Elkington, AY. Harris, and others "now mostly dead, or," as the writer, ap parently rather spitefully adds, " done for politically." Tho writer in the Chronicle traces tho rise, the operations, and the deca- denceof the combinations which sprang up in many places, " born for elections and died afterward," there not being sufficient interest or principle to keep thorn alive. The oritic regrets that it ia only little better to-day. The Central Liberal Doderation he insists novcr was national, except in name, and any little show of the popular element about it vanished on close inspection— an all. ghosts do, and when effective work was needed no such work could be done. The suggestive or constructive part of the " hints " is not very dourly brought out. Yet it appears to bn of u very simple sort. Let every earnest Radical assert his case ; let earnest Radicals combine locally; let local combinations constitute con stituency combinations ; lot constituency combinations make up by delegation a nationally elected body. Classify the work which has to be done, and set praotical and experienced men to do that work. Lnt.every member pay somothing weokly to a'local association, and lot the local associations subscribe to - the con stituency bodies, and thoy in their turn to the central body, " to pay the costs of parliamentary olectious, and "allow its members £250 <i year," The writer is caustically condemnatory , of the great meetings — tho programme promulgating meetings, like the Newcastle one. They are waste of time and lead, and waste of paper. AVe are quite sure that if oil, this were done, it would be found ineffectual, since the wcakness.of the Liberal conglomera tion would remain untouobed. Tho Con servative party of 'tb-dujrj- vitally remodelled' by : the late Lord' Randolph Churchill (whoso recently published life by.-Esoott should he widely read), and frequently designated . Tory Deraooracy, has with tho Liberal Unionists, compact ness and solidarity. Tboir aims aro olear; their leaders are trusted ; while opposed to thorn is a mixed mass of men grouped as Liberal, but really comprising many noisy feather-brained zealots, each' of whom hue some patent' medicine for set ting the world's wrongB right; prepared to remove even the obliquity of the earth's axis by a resolution, and to. take all the kinks out of the coil of humanity by means of mad manifestos and nonsensi cal pronunciamentos. Eaoh of these separate, sections of the Liberal army can whoop — but whooping is not effective fighting, and will not dislodge the present combination iu power. In order to do that, the party must have an inspiring leader, must have a programme, and must havo a con stitution ; and at present, as we stand facing each of these three musts," we wonder where thoy are to come from, how they, especially . tho second, and third, are to he obtained, Given the inspiring leader to bo lloBebery, Harcourt, or Morloy (Heaven forbid that tho last should again deBert the fruitful fields of literature, to wallow in the mire, of poli tics) how are tho many and varied sections of olomourers for change to bo brought to agree upon the elements of a common policy, nnd consequently to work together in one huge organisation for the attainment of common aims 7 To the real Liberal, the AVhig modernised, the present prospect is not pleasing, is indeed in no way hopeful. But even he may gather some comfort from the knowledge that in the - hands of the Conservatives the old interests of England are safe, and that.. the conservation of tried principles', is?' safer than the so called "progressive" experimenting of 'prentice men. 