TOPICS OF THE DAY. " Materialising a ghotfc" ts tbo fitio of an Aunirallan story iu tho "Woekly Times, " bat the spook has no relationship to the romantic Mellon group nor any afliuitj with the Husking missions. The serials and other tales tbis week are vary interesting. The illustrations comprise an srtistio sketch of the wreck of the \V, J. Taylor ou tbo Lonsdale raid on Boxing Dsy, a page of portraits of tho Austrulion Klovoe, and a view of the picturesque Hunting Rock at Woodend, in addition to eoveral general and farmiog iiiustra- tion«. Tho country edition was published this morning. The Dune&sttr; Tower Hotel, a popular resort of driving parties from Molbourno ou holidays and Sundays, was de stroyed' by fire yesterday ovening tho . famous tower beside it baring' a narrow c»capo from destruction. Tho Box Hill fire brigado arrivod after a hard gallop, and succeeded iu saving tho Inrgo dining hall and soino of tiio outbuildings, getting a good supply of water from the wells. The iiconsoe, Mr Nissan, snfforod some sovero burus tliniugh endeavouring to save tho till in tho bar, whore » sum of LB was known to havo been loft, and wat ouly rescued after Homo difliculty by Mr A. Mcsdor, a onco prominent Kssondon footballer. Tlio loss is Ir.rgeiy cororud by insurauce. A well-attondod mooting' of cab-owiiora and drivers wus hold at the Temperance Hall Inst night, Mr W. G&unson; in the chair. On tho motion of Mr Loo, seconded by Mr Broadway, it was resolved that the cabmen of Molbourtio nin) suburbs form a Frotoctiro and Benefit Union. Upwards of seventy membors onrnllsd their names us moinbora. An nddroni on the bonofltw of unity wus do- livored by 1?. If. Bromloy, M.L.A., and tho moating thon adjournod to Friday work, the 11th inst., wlion ofllcors wiil'bo uloetod. . . Jiiraes M'Au'ey, of Evans street, Port Melbourne, woe jammed by a trolly at tho seworago works, Port Molbourno, Inst ovening, and had his thigh fractured. He was taken to tho Molbourmo Hospital and admitted for'troatuieut. This mbrnlng at tlio District Court throo residents of Carlton were sunrmonod to show cause why, they should uot be sent to gaol for failing to oboy an order ef tho :Cuurt, Theso persons had been summoned for baring unregistered dogs, and fined 'in nominal amounts, which, howover, they doclinud to pay. Distress warrants were tbon issued, but roturnod marked "nulla bona." Ths oity inspootor, however, determined to soothe matter through, as the pavtioa wore believod to be ablu to pay, and had had the saroo dogs for a considerable time. "Show cause summonses" were tbcuissned, with the rosuR that ono man was coday seatendod to six hours aud tho others to twbtvo hours' imprison-' cuent. A blind man, uarned William Kelsey, aged about. GO,. yosrs,. wus found this mtfroing hanging from a boahn- in a shed at bis resideuco, 14 Nottingham atroot, Prahran. with a clothes ' lino wire round bis rock. Tho body was dis covered by a neighbour named William Wilcox. Ths deceased had ovidtntly loekod hiinaelf in tho shed and so fixed the ropo that his foot would not go stoisr than two inches to tbo ground. When the body waa out down by Constable Wall at lO minutos to 9 itwae almost cold, death having apparently taken place some time during the night. Tie matter bos bo£Q reported to the Coroner and sn inquest will be bald. Thomas Sanders and Win. Davis were charged at the Carlton Court to-day with behaving in a riotous manner m a publio Iilaco on the night of the 18th December oat. Constable Taylor stated '.hat tho dofcridanta withsovcral otharu were mis conducting themselves about midnight cn the date mentioned iu Rathdowno street. Sanders did notoppear at the Court, aad was finod 40, in default 14 days' im- priiionment, and Davis, who appeared and pleaded guilty, was finod 20s, in default 48 hours. The latter fino wan paid. John Hegarty, a militia-man, was chargod at tho Prahre. Court this morn ing with behaving in a threatening manner to bis wife. According to tho eVidonco of Mrs Hegarty, tho accused had started to dig a hole, us he said "far burying ducks." bub she really bollovsd it was to bo a grave for her- aolf. At any rato to be on tho safe side, she took tlio cartrldgo out of his rifle, aad thon boltod over tho fonco.' The row bogao ovor tho hanging of a dog. Mrs Hegarty got someone to cut tho dog down from the tree, aud ner husband thon threatened to " put a buliotthrougb her," and " a wire undor her ndso." These statements were bomo out by ovidonco, and tho Bonch fined Hegarty £5, aud bound him ovor in a surety of £20 to keep tho psaoo far 12 months. " lie's had an advertisement in tho 'Ago,' your Worships, for scvoral weoka past, stating that ho has a claim ou un oefato for seventy-seven millions," said Constablo McCarthy to tlio Prahran Bcncli thin morning, whon an old man named John P. Lloyd waa chargod with insulting behavior. "And what can bo tho matter with him?" inquired Mr W. Davis, the chairman of tho Bonch. "Oh," replied the constable, "the polico beliovo that ho ia out of bis mind. Ono of the papers, which bo a ays ih tho drawing of tho land that ho is te inherit, coataioH only tho drawing of n man riding a bicyclo." Tho accuotd was re manded for a weok for medical examiua- tiun. James Doyle, ot Bourke street west, had a quarrel laat night with some men at a neighbouring hotol, suddenly slipped fall, and fractured his lag. 11s was at once takon to tho Melbourno Hospital and admitted. There was another good attendanco at tho Opera Houso lost night to witness the second pcrfonnstico of tho farcical comedy Tho Nightmare. The piece is ono which is productive of great amuse- mout. It will be repeated tbis even ing. To band is the .January number of the "Tem perance Near#," containing a oonsiderablo amount of Interesting information, iooludfaig a fow bints by no moans to he despised. 