T lREUUU1O AT TIi FOVUU \- `CORNERS, (CIRAP iEt IL-u'ONTINUEi) Old Man looked round i??on his . `elghbours with the air of?o?ie. who. hid been.. mignanimous under : elr cuinstances where magnanimity. was the last thing to be expected. . ,The, Reverend, Arthur 'turned to Sally, .who, ,with.flashinu; eyes and pointed .revolver, stilll stood at bay. covering Old .Man in a manner which evidently caused.that worthy a little Suneasiness. " ut it down, Sally-pdl it down," he urged gently. " Them things has a way of-goin' off-.when folk ain't used to 'em.n You'd better be careful." ':'"If it do go off,"- said Sally, with the :'cheerful directness which was one of .her most prominent charicteristics, " you bet.your boots, Old Man, that it ,wll hit sonething." . Old.Man looked uneasy, as he stood out from the group of. his friends, and the torchlight shone on- Sally's shining revolver. \- If it does go off, Sally," he said pacifically, "I reckon I sha'n't be able to bet about anthin'.: It bein' sorter cold; an'- onladylike to be out at this time o' night;.mebbe you,d better sling home-agin.:i You mout know as me ? . an'.-Ikey'll attend to the remains' for 'friendship 'ssal s& ' ; I ydttUiu have enough torhdt-at .l Wwxhftm Sally,,,. ,as iwell as 'yours,K1f J- t.oni sdon't stop this foolishness. ' NoW,' -:;you just clear. out, and get the right man --If you canl see straight enough to ,know him." This 'ungenerous 'allusion to a slight obliquity of vision on" the part of Old Man 'touched him on the tenderest point. " ,,Seein' as .how 'you're gittin' real onladylike- an' personal," he said gently-" Seein' as how you're gittin' .real- onladylike an' personal, Sally an' Si'nt- no consideration for the feelins of .them. as -brought you up, I ain't goin' to have nothin' more to do with this yer business. I resign.: I've bin a :member of -the Committee for over forty years, au' now you comes an' in suits my grey hairs." . Sally laughed recklessly. " I meant your squint, Old Man, not your grey. hairs. Eh, what ?" The Reverend Arthur .had again plucked ut her sleeve. "Don't bother me. I .must keep my eyeon Old Man, or he'll be trying to rush us. He's as. trust-. ,worthy as a crocodile." The leader of the Yigilants came 'forward Irresolutely. "If you wasn't a parson - ," he -, began.. Then he stopped. "Promise to say nothin' about this an' we'll drop It." The Reverend Arthur hesitated. "He'll promise," said Sally, cheer fully, "or if he won't I'll be answerable for him. Hadn't you better be off after Jake ?" -" That's it," said Old Man admir ingly, anid' iinmedlatey sinking all S questions as.to his own blood-thirsty proclivities. " Seein' as how we've settled matters amikerably I don't row, -Parson, an' we'll go on with SBaptismal Regeneration' an' smoke a. pipe over it. Now, boys, scatter for the Bush an' see if you kin git on the trail of that skunk. I'll take the land " In' place an' try to plug him if he ain't crossed. Good night, Parson. It's real chilly, Sally. Your father, .bein' an ,official,- couldn't stop for the. hangin'. You'd; better go home too an' study up on the impertations you've cast on someone as shall be nameless, though, mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, he kin see a deal further'n you." , Sally nodded a gay good-night to the men as they filed.through the narrojw doorway .of ..the-' store; W-oman-like, "she :-,had- not thought-of the construc to ich .th'e,":Reveren'd4 Arthuir; ' libhalf tth ardedrlahee :-r?=cofhiis' Shidin- geess"her -own: drooiped: a? he' sought to possess himself of her Shand and thank.her. " I'm goin' home," she said abruptly. "Don't you know better than to ex -pect me to stay here all night talking' -to you.'? S "But; Sally, If you ladn't cared for me," .he began. SSally turriled upon him -with rising . and illogical Indignation. - " See here, -is this anyway to talk ? Because I've been unladylike enough to save your life," she said, dropping the revolver on the ground, regardless of consequences, "you expect mie to be in love with you.` Men are always so ungrasteful, so-so unre:sonable." She' gave a sniff and began to cry softly. The Parson picked up the revolver. -:."That's enough, Sally. I don't mean to distress you,". he said softly. What ever my own.fate may be I shall think uoly of your happiness. Always re= member that.-. Don't, you think if would be Safer if I took the cartridges out of this revolver ? Sally' began to smile through her tears, the-rising ghost of laughter in her eyes " N-n-no, I d-d-d-don't," she 'sobbed. "It-it-it wasn't 1-1-1-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-as afrid they'd f-f-find out I was bluffing them. Old Man, wihoe had lingeredl behind the others in tile doorway, callle for ward. .reproachfully. " It's playin' it low down on a man as hias dandlcd you on his knee to go an' bluff him like that," he said.; "but I'll forgive you, . Sally, if you take back what you said S about my squintin'. I'm thinkin' of -.marrin' agin an' it might git.round(. A cross-eyed man don't glt nio show now Sadays, specially with widders." Sailly held out her Iland with a riDp pling burst of laughter good to hear. "I take -it all- back, you bloodthirsty \- old monster," site said merrily; "but if anything happens to hllim," she looked at the Reverend Arthu', lwho turned red and white bleneath her amused 'glance, "'ll hold you-responsible;" and shefled into the night. : Old Man gazed affer' her with a sar castle glance. " Seein' as how she's a woman," he said, "she ain't account able, Parson, she nlin't.accountable. If -youriaIn't: sle'idy j'yois'd better - come •: I=. -home .wvith mc ean-" -', " , - :."ialippe - througfflethe diooi'/Way "nd!dis : ' appeared.. Though a charitable man, \-- even-his clfarlty -had 'limits, and lhe Swag In no mood to discuss theological Slioints withl.one who-had-been clamor lng to hang him a few 'minutes ago. S -Old .Man looked- after him in an In jured .way. "An' that's the man as I've wrastled with dn doctrine till he's able-to floor all them 'Hill' folk I Why, It's disgustin' ;-that's what it is, dis 1-- be ain't got no more manners 'n a hog. gustin' ! You'd expeck better style from a catfish, an' not be disappointed nelther." - . - - Ho-e cut himself an ample chaw of tobacco and wandered home through tile grim, grey-dawn, brushing against the wet branches of the pine as they flung their resinous fragrance in his face.- " Thaor ain't no fun goln' nowa days," he grumbled, disconsolately. "'.I. was most- forgettin' that fellow .Take." His manner brightened, and he Inhrried down to thelariding place on the chance of geting a pot-shot at that Worthy, but in vain. The darkness lad mysteriously swallowed up Chil Vey .Take. Only once again was he to revisit tile Four Corners-only once again ; but then- his coming would be attended with tlhe.majesty and terror of tile . gaunt king whose name is Death, and who speaks notneither nahketh any sign, but bireathes upon uas for a little space, until we-:become as the leaves whirling before the blast, -and are blown and driven hither and thither from out of the Land of Life into the Valley of Darkness and De spalr, and whence Man cometh not until the, sound of the Last Trump shall call the sheeted dead fromu out the tomb. r , . { . , .i -i S129) CHAPTER III..= ' ~~PLAGUE. ON BOT'H YOUR: HOUSES." A PublIec opinion- began..to ..run very :strongly . against "-The' Hill."_ people "when it;, was rumored at"- the tFour Corners that; in deflance of all the un writtenlaws of the neighborhood, they had refused to stir one step in aiding the Vigilants to recapture- Chilvey Jake. -although-:that worthy was sup posed to be in hiding at the 'parental farm until he could be smuggled safely across the Canadian frontier. The contention of ".The II11" people was that the: summary action of the Vlgi lants had wiped out all moral obliga tion which, they, as a community, might feel to hand over Chilvey Jake fdr punishment. If :the Four Corners folk. had chosen to take. tlle law into their own handns,aud then fall to carry it :'out, the -matter had, come to a legitimate end. Even the question: of compensation to the widowed mother of 'uljah Fuller could not now be en tertained. As a matter of courtesy and good feeling, however," The Hill" folk were willing to subscribe five hun "dred dollars. This amount the widowed mother's representatives in dignantly refused, with the. significant statement that they would raid '.The Hill" in a body and ''string'up" those accomplished ornaments of society, 'Ir and Mrs Jake, senior. A little hang ing, they hinted, `would soon deter mine the whereabouts of the cold blooded murderer who. hid shot an in offensive fellow-.creature from mere lust- of slaughter. The only possible 'rejoinder to this, was .a significant hint froil "The. Hill' folk that they hadflaid:in ai -ample store of hmplulii' wbuld'preferf it'po'ssibile; 'that the matter should remain over until' after their annual dance, as in the event of an -invasion, many influential mem bers of the Ball Committee might be obliged 'to miss the fun, and, conse quently, would feel. embittered against their former friends. The Four.Corners' folk were much touched by this appeal to their gene rosity, and the probability is that the Chilvey .Take episode would have died a natural death had it not been that. in defiance of all precedent and" custom; after the Four Corners' folk' had un dertaken not to molest " The Hill " people on the night of their ball; the usual invitations requesting the presence of the lending people of the Four Corners were not forth coming. As the ball at "The Hill " had been- talked of for months this wmas a slight whicli could not be passed over in silence. The affront was too gross, too offensive,and was taken to mean an unmistakable desire on the part of " The Hill" folk for a separation of all those pleasant bonds of.friendship which, in spite of occasional difficulties, had so long sub sisted between the two towns, even to getting their supply of whisky from the same sources. It was not as if the difference had arisen from, a worthy cause. The slaying of an insignifi cant youth, when life was, so lightly esteemed, could scarcely be accounted an adequate reason for the discon tinuance of social courtesies. To add to 'the bitterness of the whole affair. a rumor went round thitt Sally Wrong had been seen walking.with Pete Har rlson, one of the leadliig"slirits of "The Hill" Ballroom Comm"ttbe;' That Pete should have dared to' sliow himself near the Four Corners at anil during a a crisis of this.nature argued an incre dible recklessness. Tile Four Corners' folk had made up their minds that 'as Sally had saved the minister from hanging, it would be a very mean thing on her part not to marry him and cause the diminutive cleric to wish that Lynch Law had been pei mitted to run its course. Under the circumstinces, it was felt that the matter was" one calling for public in-. tervention Either Pete Harrison should be shot or the Parson must marry Sally. Public intervention, how ever, in-the form of a representative; mingling, of age and .wisdom; as. a' " If you're1 so- upset. at not- being asked to 'The Hill '.dance as to want to-lead me one with the parson," that perverse but beautiful being remarked, with her customary' vigor and a sus pielon of heightened color in her fair cheeks, "you'd better give one, too; it is time you did something to prove your selves men instead of idiots who want to lynch' innocent people. No wofder 'The Hill' boys wouldn't have any of you on the premises. At this unnatural, unpatriotic, and uncalled-for rebuke, Old Man turned on0 his heel, accompanied by Ikey, who was only too glad to get away,: and ,went straight' off to- the Sheriff, " Sheriff, we've got to give a dance, " he said, " or the women'll talk our lives out. For the . sake of peace an' quietness confe to the Imeetin' to-night an' we'll settle the pesky thing right away. If. you wants to be popular you've got to git the bulge on tliemn "'Hill' fellers somehow, so tliis is the way to.do it. The women'll make all the men do what you want if you git.up a dance. They're like colts. As long as they kin fling their heels about they're all right; when they can't, they git into mis chief." Then he :went to Sally,' and told her, with much Machiavellian wisdomn, that he. alone had persuaded the Sheriff to promise that there should be a dance. (To be Continued.) 