Sermon for Sunday. Cleansing: by the Blood. By Rev. Join; Ronuni'sox. Peter onltH unto Him. Thou sluilt never wnsli my funt Jesus nusworcri liim, it I wash theo not tliou hast l'.o part with AI". . It looks very nice on the surface, this objec- tion of Rotor. But tlioro is a pruln ttint can npo humility, and that is tho worst pride of all. , AVliou Thomas a'Bcckct; was appointed Arnli- liislinn of Canterbury ho eortuinly wont in for humility. Formerly ho was King's Clameolior, and liis cquipago vied iu spleiidiitu' witli tho equipugo of tho kiug ; wino flowed liko a river. Tho light and splendour of his gather ings wcro preferred oven boforo thn courtly assemblies, and all nt onco this fleshly proud mini, when ho booumo a cliuroli official instead of a State dignitary, oRtimtnliouHlyhud thn poor nhont. his nmlriepisoopnl paluco gate, ostenta tiously washed their feet-, ostentatiously doled out alms, and tho whole thing was about tho most offensive pride in thai, proud man's life. His ccclcRinstii.nl ".basement smells inoro if ooncoit than did all his nhanoellor expenditure and grandeur ; and so _ I am a bit suspicious about this humility of Potor's, beonnso it certainly vofleots on tho rest of the brethren. They mado no objec tions to thn Lord washing thoir feot. Can't you do teat I'oter marking himself nut as an exception ? They may think it right, hut I, Potor, I will nnvor allow it ; mid ho puts tho Atnstor away, and whatever pats tho Ataslor away ennnot ho part of faith. Wlintover puts away that blessed Hand that was nailed to tho ti'oc in certainly not of God. JuHtbocauso Potor put thn hand tiway ill carnal wisdom, it is muck bastard humility nt tho bast. It in proud Poter over again, atal thn Lord, just ivitli a, word, brings a pamlytio shook to this tarkeyeook of a man With ono word the Lord shivers his glass lions-?, und Potor fools tiio throb of true humility. Tho Greek is this —tho tense is thn peculiar Greek one of a present, moaning a past, and tho Lnr;l virtually says to Fetor, "If you do not. lot. Ale wash your foot. I question if you huvo any part with AIo at. all : if that spirit Unit, is in your heart, niook humility, is your spirit." If I wash then not thou hast; no part, with AIo, and if I laivo washed then with tho major washing of Aly nrecions blood and glorious sacrillce. tlin smullov, lessor wusliing is not to bo objected to. In fact, t-lio Lord nays. "Potor. 1 question if you nro a rniil follower of Aline if tlm t- is yintr spirit." Tint it wnsnnlvn temporary spirit with Poter. If voit were judged by Homo rnomniits of your life, you would lm a devil, not a man. If a certain moment of year existence was to become eternal, liell would be your atmosphere instead of-heavnii : inn; it is by an solitary moment, it is liy no special tick of ihi< clock, by no separate ro'oling t hat I "in judged. H is by tho haul- and the spring hank ngain. when tho wniglit is removed, tliat givoH tho clno to the nature. So Peter, immediately paralysed, falls into linn and says with tho glorious enthusiasm of his now nature "Ltml. forgive mo, blundering tn tho ond, not only my feet lmt. my hands and my head In tiio' tirst; place there is having a part with Jesus Ohi-ist as a fact, and this having part with Jesus Christ is not merely sharing ill his nan. so. AVlicii Prince Oharlio visited tho High lands. when the strong loyal hearts that heat beneath thn tnrtans gathered round him. when tho Alncdniuilds mid tho Highlanders mudo thoir lot, with Prineo Charlie. I know that, if lio had pressed on to l.mnlim instead of wasting liis titan iu the Edinburgh hulhnimis, and Borliy dissipation, ho would linvo distributed tho honours of his kingdom to tiio faithful fmv. Tlioro is pride iu having a part with n 111.111 in sharing iris triumph, boeauso you havo been with him in humility, and that certainly ih so in lmviug n part with Jesus Christ. Tlioro ia no mtin that lias stood up for God in a world that hntcd Him hut siiirii be rewarded in thn bliss of tho return of tho crowned King. But it is not. the cross — it is not mornly tho shaving of Christ's reign — that is hero referred to. It is t.lio having a part with Him as tho branch box a part with tho trunk ill the life of a tree. It is t.lio nonvbrsioa of tho soul that is referred to— tho regeneration of thn soul 111 tlm Holy Ghost, It is the lining mudo tin heir of God in Christ Jesus, nod that, is n fact in n man's lifo — as big a fant as his being bom onco is tlin lming bora tlm socoml lime, na literal an experience, as literal the pnwo-siuu of tho heart, tho having a part with Jcsas Christ, so that, the blond "that flows through tho veins of tluit holy Alan on tho throno of God flows through lirino, and gives tho heat to my heart-. Is that a fact with you? Aro yon horn ogiiin? Tlint is a qiioslioii thut tho Lord pressed as u sharp pointed dealing into His disciple's heart. Aro yon n child of God ? Huvo yon part with .Tosus Christ ? Uncle Job n A'hssur, ho who led into the kingdom, perhaps, u million souls throughout. America, wnn famous for Iris faithful dealing, and liis keen, strong, Uod- blossod questioning as to thoshite rif soul in tho pooplono met. Thoy all lovod Undo John Vnssur, for thoy all holioved in him, and tho question lio asked was accepted IjecuiiHo they beliovod in tho quostiouor. Sometimes our questioning does not got nil answer because pcoplo do lint holiovo in tho'qucstiimor. And wlion tlioro is any doubt ilbniit that, tho quostiori, " Aro you a Christian ?" becomes tho verioRt oriiI and tho (dieorost impudence, to he flung bnuk in thu questioner's face ; but Undo John VtiRsar could pvbbo deeply and novor give cifeneo, for Iris own lifo was seraphie. In tho hotel in Now York wliero lio was staying tlioro woxitludy quito unknown to hint, so tho old man wont up and said, " Aladam, have you part with Josns Christ? Aro you a Christian ?" " Of course," slio said. "All, I ilo not mean thut kind of Christina. I mean, aro you rogouorato? Huvo you boon honi again ! Aro you a converted woman? Aro you a child of God?" Tho lady who hnd moved iu tho moat brilliant Now York society had nover mob that, question hol'oro ; nud slio looked into the oven of the old man. Sho lookod lior answer, slio did not need to spenk it. And tho old man said, " Shall wo kncol in prayer hero, aud you will givo your heart to God " ; mul there, in tho publio room, with tho commercial travellers ready to como in at any moment, tho lady -was on lier knoes with the old man. AVJion lior husband enmo in he Rftw Hint kIio was flurried and agitated, mul ho nsltod tho cause, und sho said, " Tlioro was an old mnu uamo into tho hotel, anil lie asked mo if I wan n Christian." " AVell," xnid tho man, " why did you not toll liim it wns nono of his businoss " Ah, if you could only liavo soon liim and lioard him, you would laivo neen it was his businoss." Su it was. It is Hie businoss uf tiny man wiio is con- 'soiously in tho possession of salvation, uud who is holioved in by his follows, to ask tho question beyond nil questions, "Havo you part with Jesus Christ?" 'i'lion thiiro is unother fact re ferred to in tho Lord's utterance, . uud that is tho washing from sin, -for this is tho' washing tluit is referred to tlioro. "If I havo not washed thoo (of wliieh grout washing this bnsiu uud towel are nothing lmt emblems) thou bust no part witli Aro." Tim washing trom sin is thofact of conversion. Tho Lord always dwells -v' ' / ou tbo uocoNsity of eoiiverslon. Ho always tokos for grunted tho fact' of human depravity. Ho never speaks of evolving tho divius out of tho sediment thut is loft in mini's nature. Ho always, in tlin lihiok oohiurs of complete depravity, writes His Gospel aicssngo, nnd with tho best of lives, with tho highest; morality, t.liore is the need of washing from sin. Louis Kossuth, who lias just; boen" burno to tho grave in Hungary, timid tho ai'ol.imutious of aa eiitlmsiastlo populace, said of liis gcaett- logieal tivo thatti'om o.vcrv brunch an ancestor wus htuigiau'. His genealogical true was like a gallows. Seventeen of his i'orofatlierx in direct lino laid boon proceeded against and punished by tho Hoaso of Hapaburgfiir treason. Bo with you and mo, our "noes try is hud. Tiio goiicalogionl trco that wo laivo is moro liko a gnlloWH treo. Washing from shi is tho begin ning of tho Christian life, regeneration by tho Spirit of God, lioing horn from above, whioli is tho right rendering, is tho start of tho Christ iaii life. Oh, you may say what you liko about your church going and your outivurd ruitpootubility, hut; I tell you tho most rebellious hearts in Glasgow are tho beating- hearts tlmt are woiiring a church going dress. AA'hnt says tho mun about it, who leunw it? Though it was lightly penned, tlicro ia a great doal in it : — I fool a solemn sunctity, Sweet rest of uoul is mine : My hearts abides in perfect pence, My honuot sits divine. Graoo liko a river Alls my soul, In ohostened joy I ait ; 1 fool religion's dropout powor, My dress is such it fit. 