; -. :. .C UAP'TER XXX IV. IN" W1ICII 'PERENCE AND DESIREE FIND THE ENCHANTED PALACE. Howden bad a dim consciousness of being Sconveyed a long distance in a carriage; that his wouind was dressed; that a. man in a mask sat beside him; .that a woman was opposite, who looked like Madame Vancourt; r'that hiwas- tfinally lifted from the vehicle "'I nd borhne iritoia dark place. Following' these circumstances was a period of insensi \- bility';' therilio was rational again but weak, siuffering: much pain in his side. He found himself reclining in a large chair, in a win 'Ydowless apartment, lighted by waxen cnfiidles. Pictures of a religious character hung upon, the walls. While he was con templating them dubiously, and trying to make out; his positioni and. how he came there, he.heard a hollow voice exclaim : iGod of iny fathers ! . My box ! my box I' Had Jules Howden been strong and normal, he might have kept fear at a dis "'tance; but' exhausted as he was from loss of blood, he could not struggle successfully 'with the demon Terror. Those oniinous words fell upon his ears like an accusing voice from the nether world. Was not the Jew dead and gone to his own place. Had h?'rt joinred 'the great'army of ghosts that numbered-' countless generations of men in its ranks ? There was a shuffling sound upon M'th~atone floor;' .He feared to look up, but .could not resist the desire. :His eyes sought the cause of the sound as if by enchantment. 'He beheld the sickly face and 'bent figure of Levi,'the'Jew I 'Howden gasped for breath. '' 'For an` instant he believed he was dying of Shorror. 'Perfidious wretch I I have come for my box L I cannot rest among the ghosts of my "fathere till..I have my box.' 'In the name of all the fiends, avaunt I Driveling old phantom, baek to your mould I' cried Howden,.making a desperate effort to ,.'conquer hisd terror. He was even then too strong to yield to superstitious feelings. , I;haven'come,' screamed the old man, ' for my box and you I'. SHowd~ni .w?as s'ilent a moment, agitated by coritending, emiotions. He answered pre. sehtly,. with; a perceptible return of his natural energy and firmness: 'Pshaw I thereiis neither spirit nor angell ,I, will 'ot, T cannot succumb to the illusion. I am wounded, perhaps 'dying, but I swear :'to'youw:hatever'you are, that I have suffi ,oient life in ime to scoff at apparition 'and'hobgoblin. This is jugglery I' 'The synagogue I the synagogue I' shrieked .+:;the phantom, then laughed horribly. 'Mock on I mock on I' said Howden, hoarsely. 'Man or ghost, you cheated me cursedlyP ?~You t'ricked'"me even when :,dying--you left'me lead for gold. May you sink deeper into perdition for it s' Tlie phantom 'laughed 'that terrible hlaugh agaiii'f6m"~' reply. Howden stared at him 'withi'rirting'nyeballs.' His. head sank back ,upon his cushioned chair;. he was sick and fainti. Hi, unbelief in the supernatural was shaken. , a + ... " . , + , S'4 The-'guilty conscience witnessed against iiiielf.' 'Rbobber, swindler, assassin, look up 1' : The voice of the Jew was greatly changed -it was deep, clear, resonant. Howden, :.,i1whose sight had failed for an instant, obeyed the injunction... He 'saw his anomalous visitor pluck a grey board from his face, a wig from his head, and::cast off the faded dressing.gown which 'he 'had worn. '.A ,differentitigure was before Howden-a form tall and commanding, a pale,'handsomo face, 'with"t eyes bright as diamonds: ,,-Bertoli.! "stimmered Howden, reeling in He taketh the wise in their own crafti nessT' riiiwered i3ertoli, solemnly. ' ' old, bail mran i. 'I have tracked you. The hand Sof'the ordilr, is upon you.' ". ' i Yo-'i you'-were Levi, the Jew ' queried Howden, in a voice'soarcely' audible. 'I -was that miserable Israelite, whom you n,i and=your ,knave'Stein intended-to murder, if death did not come soon enough. Pitiful knavie I thiat cuoffr C6st you much painstaking and bitter disappointment. The wages of your hypocrisy was lead. lBut this is scarcely worth inertioning il 'comparison to your ,tHd dmirn . Y~ i I 'hv. beer'' industrious, Jules,., Howden, and, your perserverance : ihld hiinve 'ndnored 'a better? cause. "You wyere;!sunnjng, you wore subtle, bub I have presided over a power that overshadowed yours as a cloud oyershadows a grain of sand. You worked silently and secretly for a long time ; but the hands of the Order reach everywhere, its ears are open and the footsteps of the Occult %re noiseless The grand muystery of the diamond, and its pos session by the Mmontreuils,-is known to me. Jules Howden did you ever hear of the Agqua Ta'fena of Perugia?' - Howden tried to speak, but could not. He was- frightfully pale. 'Your accomplice in crime, Madame Eugenia Vancourt, has proved more than your intrigue, finesse, and wickedness. I have seen her victims dying piecemeal. I sat by the bedside of MXlontreuil and fought the dreadful poison that had been infused into his blood. They called me Levoison.' 'Bertoli! Bertoli ! you have dragged me clown to ruin I' muttered Howden. He groaned and shut his eyes. He felt a slight jar and tremor -of the floor. Lifting his leaden lids wearily, he saw a wall of the apartment ascending through the ceiling steadily. It went quite up, and revealed a semicircle of masked men upon a raised platform," in front of whicli was a table draped in black, arid at which a lman sat with a pen in his hand. Upon the table he observed a goblet, a dagger, and a-purse. Jules Howden was before the Secret that has influenced the fates of empires, kingdoms and nations. At opposite sides of the apartment he saw Lavigne and Madame Vancourt, the latter exceedingly pale but composed. , Jules Howden,' asked the Grand Master of this august tribunal, ' do you know where you are Look around you.' ' Useless questions !' sneered Howden. ' I know well where T arr. I am before an association, the power of which reaches all over the world. It is a gigantic ghost that stalks abroad in all places, to hear, to see all things, to dog, - to 'haunt, to imprison and assassinate I' ' Apostate! list !' erclaimed the Grand Master. - The order is for the good of man; it is the hand of providence seeking out crime and punishing it. Jules Htwden, you are here to be judged.' ' Who are you I dispute your" right:; There is but one who is supreme in the Brotherhood.' - 'And I,' anvwered the Judge,'impressively, ' am he. I anm General of the Brotherhood of Loyola !' As he spoke, he removed his mask, and showed the face of Bertoli. This announce mnent alteoted both Howdon and Eugenia. I knew not this,' said the former. 'I knew that you were high in the order, but not that you stood at the summit of that t'rniblo power. I am here to be judged, and know well what my doom will be. I imu weak in the body, and suffer great pain from this wound; but as wretched and miserable as my condition is, I curse you and your brotherhood. Adjudge me' to what fate you will ; I will'baffle you. The great purpose of my lifo.has failed, and. what is.failure but death.' Anger lent a momentary flash to Howden's face ; he bnut forward in his chair and cast tierce and vindictive glances toward the masked and motionless circle.before him. 'As for -her,' he pointed at Eugenia, 'it gives me great joy, to know. that she shares my downfall and ruin. False andi intriguing woman I had you not betrayod me, this would not have happened.' He gnashed his teeoth with rage. 'I had skill, I had persnveranreo-elements of success-but for you, this game would hiave been. successfully played anid won. Wretched creature I seo to what you have brought us.' ( The time for reproaches 'and inorimina tions is past,' answered Eugenia, calmhnly. ' I was true till you cruelly, faitllessly betrayed me. Remnenmber your stolen innonlighb moetb. ings with Ursula, the words you whispered in her (ars, when you walked in the garden, your vows of lnve, tmhe promises you maslk I I was there ; . heard you, I saw you. \VlWerFE is she niow Ask the, worm, ask thoae gel of Death 1 'You killed her! you killed her !' cried Howden passionately. 'She died horribly. t I loved her. r3h,it was dreadful. I shud der to think of it.' ' You shudder, Jules. Howden 1 No,. it cannot be ; it is anger, itis liate,-it is any thing but, pity or remorse. Iin might have died a th'ousand titnes, a~d you ov6uld not have given my memory a tear. You wished to make me a creature only subordinate to your wishes; I was to be the hand to bring you riches and power. - The hand-has smitten you ; you are in the dust; you will never rise from your humiliation, your shame, your infamy. You have lost your prize, you have lost yourself. The glorious. gem that has heen the object of -your thoughts, hopes, foirs, and longings was snatched from you by me; it never sparkled in your ftice,-its radiance never gladdened your eager sight, and never-never will I' ' Murderess I short and pitiful will be your triumph. Your treasure will go to enrich this accursed Order; it has swallowed up millions ; it will engross it and you.' ' Please not yourself with the thought. No human hands save mine will touch it. I am not the short-sighted fool you imagine. I have had opportunity of placing it beyond thi reach of any living creature but myself. When I have ceased' to live-it will- cease to be accessible to any one on earth.' ' Calm and serpent-like to the last,' muttered Howden. ' Well, if there is another world, you will meet your victims there.' ' And have yout no victims to meet, no crimes for which to answer, no romorse to feel, nor punishment to bear ?' (7o be continued.) ONE Box or CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure all disoharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or con stitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free Irom Mercary. Sold in Boxes, 4s. Od. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world Proprietors :- TýE LINCOLN AND MIDLANI' COITrTIES Daeo CoNrnANY, Lincoln, Englani. 