SINGULAR OCCUKRENCK I AT HIN^LETOK. A MYSTERIOUS APPARITION. THE towD of iSitigletoa last week was much excited over lhe supposed appear ance of n gboBt. Some yeaiB Hfc'i u mati Domed Viofeery, wf,o bad in Ills pcssee bIod b large sum of uiooey, ie alleged io bave left Blnglelea one nijjht for bis bome at Balga, acd to bave »eeu seen for tbe laet time wben going duwn to toe river near Fawceti's paddocSis. He nuver reached bome, aod bia diettppearuuce Dp to tbe preaeot moment is altogether au accoDDted for. Binoe Vickery vauiabed tbere bave been ramoure ol strange lights and apparitions about tbe locality Id wbiob be was last neeo alive. It is said tbat a well-known resident, while walk ing glODg tbe road one evening in tbe gloaming, overtook as be tbongbr, a per sonal friend, aDd be tapped tbissnppoeed friend on tbe shoulder, only to find tbat bis band met witb no rp=ioUuce, but went tbrougb something ousuhetantitt!. Tbe wraltb or form, wbiob be tried to tonob, immediately vanished. Ddrioe the last [DODth or t wo It is a-seried tbat BtrBnge lights bave been seen hovering about in a paddook near tbe spot wbiob Is said to be bauoted, aDd tbeee lights make their appearauce at 8.35 p.m. On Friday night, May 3lsi, a party of sis or seven, including Mr. Playford aud bis son and Mr. Moran, employees at tbe railway station, wont to «vatcb for the light. At the boor expected, a light sud denly made its appearance in a paddock nearly opposite tbe cemetery. Wben first eeeo, tbe light was about the size wbicb would be emitted from a baud lantern, bot different from tbat iu appearauce, being thin and diffused, without a very definite centre. It was a little ahove ground, and moved towards tbe party of watchers, apparently without tbe aid of tinman agency. After it bad travelled witbfn a hundred yards or so of Iba ob servers, it stopped. Tbe watchers then began to approach tb° iigbt, wbao a regu lar ' will o' tbe wisp' cbaee commenced. As the pursuers approached trie light, wbich bad gained considerably in eiz?, It began to retreat at a rate ex-'-otly regulated to tbe movements of the followers. [I tbey raD ft moved very quickly, and befit pace with tbem. If they walked, it went at a slower rate; it tbey Blood still, it stopped. Fioaliy, after leadtcg tbem h pretty long chase lo the pariducK and by tbe river, tbe mysterious llt;ht vanished, and was seen no more tbat ulgbt. A party of over 100 people, ou borBfl und on foot aud in buggies, were out on Mon day night. They watched for a long time, bbw nothing, and most of them re turned to town, but a few who remained I later assert, however, that (hey again saw the mysterious lig'-.r. 