ANNIVERSARY. ? v ? O.S.T., ENTERPRISE DIVISION, NO. 10(J The Foresters' Hal), South Yarra, presented a woll filled appearance on Wednesday evening last, when the members of the above ladge, with their friends, met to celebrate theii iirst aunivcrsary. Since its isiception this lodge has held several very successful socials, aud the one held on Wednesdiy rfuwwino- r*rrtv-*»i1 t-\ l-w* J.hl- f».mwnilltr R11WRSK of the' scries. Tlie genial secretary, Sir. A. Ottaway, and the committee, were very energetic iu attending to the needs of the large number present, and much credit is due to tiicai for the admirable manner in which all arrangements were carried out. A good programme of dances was goae through, Mr. XWnsend officiating at the piauo, while tue duties of M.C. w-;re satisfactory per formed hy Mr. Stewart. Daring an interval H-;ht refreshment was partaken of, and interspersed with the dancing was an excel lent programme of singing and recitations. Mr. Jones gave -some very realistic ghost stories in the life of ' Mr. and Mrs. Bags,' and the imitations from nature by Mr. Allen created much amusement, and were -heartily applauded ; Mr. Allen also sang a comic soag entitled ' Sasan Jane.' Miss Green's rendering of ' Say 'Aa fievoir ' was much appreciated, and was followed by -Miss -fiurkby, who danced an Irish jig with giaceful precision. Miss Johnston, who possesses a very sweet voice, sang ' Love is a Dream '\writh- much feeling ; and that ever popular comedian, Mr. Kirklipui, delighted the audience with his description of the vagaries of ' The New Woman,' for which he was heartily' encored. Mr. Metcalf con tributed '' 'O'JiaSecfy 'iwouMthe Cniile,' arid Mr. Adams sang ' Toa'd better stay at home, lad,' in good style. Mr. W. Thorn was in good voice, and was heard to advan tage hi his song, ?? The Mot.' Borne Irish specialties by Messrs Denton and Burrowes concluded a really good programme. In ?connection- with the Joan Oough Division of this order, Mr. Secretary Ottaway -announced that a social will be held in the Protesiaut Ha\l, Cecil L'lace, early in August, whsu a pleasant gathering is anticipated. 