THE THIRD VOLUME. by fergus hume. . . (ALL . RIGHTS RESERVED.) toriapters I. to III. were published In pur Issues of Saturday, 5th, and Monday, 7th insts. . Chapters IV., V,, and VI. were then Inadvertently omitted, and we, 'therefore, now give them before roliowing up cnapier published on Monday).. CHAPTER " VI.— TRUTH IS STRANGER THAN FICTION. This astonishing statement was reeoived by Claude with a disbelieving smile; and so convinced .was he of Its untruth that he affected anger at what he really be lieved to be the flippancy of Talt's con duct. "It Is no doubt very amusing for you to ridicule my story," said he, with cold dignity, "but It is hardly the act of a friend. Some matters are too serious to form the subject of a jest; and this " "I .am not jesting," Interrupted Tait, eagerly.- "I assure you that the tragedy which concerned your parents forms the subject matter of this novel. You can read the book yourself, and so be con vinced that I am speaking the truth. The names and places are no doubt fictional, but the whole story is narrated plainly enough." Larcher turned over the three volumes with a puzzled expression. That a story with which he bad only become acquainted within the last twenty-four hours should be printed in a book, and that the book Itself should be brought so speedily under his notice, seemed to him quite inexplic able. The strangeness of the occurrence paralysed his will, and, contrary to his usual self-dependence, he looked to Tait for guidance. "What do you think of it?" he asked, irresolutely. "Ah! That requires some consideration, my friend. But before we go Into the mat ter let us understand our position towards each other. You believe this story of your father's death?" "Certainly. Mr. Hllllston would not tell me an untruth, and moreover this bundle of extracts from provincial newspapers con firms his statement. I truly believe that my father, George Larcher, was murdered at Horrlston in 18G6 by — and there you have me — I know not by whom. My own opinion Is that Jerlngham Is " ' "One moment,' Claude! Let us settle all preliminaries. Are you resolved to take up this matter?" "I am! I must clear the memory of my mother, and avenge the death of my father." "Would it not be better to let sleeping dogs lie?" suggested Tait, with some hesi tation. "I do not think so," replied Claude, quietly. "I am not a sentimental man, as you know; arid my nature 13 of too practical a kind to busy itself with weaving ropes of sand. Yet in this instance I feel that it Is my duty to hunt down and punish the coward who killed my father. When I find him and punish him, this ghost of 66 will he laid aside; otherwise, it will continue to haunt and torture me all my life." "But your business?" "I shall lay aside my business till thl3 matter is settled to my satisfaction. As you know, I have a private income, and am not compelled to work for my dally broad. Moreover, the last four years have brought me in plenty of money, so that I can afford to Indulge my fancy. And my fancy," added Claude in a grim tone, "is to dedicato the rest of my life to discover ing the truth. Do you not approve of my decision?" "Yes and no," said Tait, evasively. "I think your hunt for an undescribed crimi nal, whose crime dates back twenty-five years, Is rather a waste of time. All clues must have disappeared. It seems hopeless for you to think of solving tho mystory. And If you do," continued the little man, earnestly, "If you do, what possible plea sure can you derive from such a solution? Your father Is a mere name to ynu; so filial lovo;cap have nothing to do with the matter. Moreover, the criminal may be dead — he may bo " "You have a thousand and one objec tions," said Larchor, Impatiently, "none of which have any weight with me. I am In the hands of Fate. A factor has en tered Into my life which has changed my future. Knowing what I now know, I can not reBt until I learn the truth. Do you know the story of Mozart?" he added, abruptly. "I know several stories of Mozart." But this speclal one I may not know." "It Is told either of Mozart or Mendel ssohn! I forget which," pursued Larcher, half to himself. "When Mozart— let- us say Mozart — was ill in bed, one of his friends struck a discord on the piano, which re quired what is technically known as a reso lution for its completion. The omission so tortured the sensitive ear of the musician that, when his friend departed, ho rose from his bed and completed the discord in accordance with musical theory. Till that was done he could not rest." "And the point of your parable?" "Can you not- see? This incomplete case of murder is my discord. I must com plete it by discovering the criminal, and so round off the case, or submit to be tor tured by its hinted mystery all my life. It is not filial love, It is not sentiment, It is not even curiosity; It Is simply a desire to complete a matter hitherto left undone. Till I know tho sequel to the Horriston. tragedy, I" shall feel in a state of suspense \- — and suspense," added Claude, emphati cally, " is torture to men of my tempera ment." "Your reason is a trifle whimsical," said Tait, smiling at the. application of this musical theory to the present, instance, "but I can understand your feelings. In deed, I feel the same way myself." "You!" "Why. not? I'm reading "The Whim of Fate.' I could not go to rest without knowing the end, and I feel a like curios ity towards tbl3 tragedy of real life. I shall not bo content till I learn the truth. My feelings are precisely the ' same as your own. Therefore," pursued Tait, with em phasis, "I propose to assist you In your search. Wo will discuss the. matter calm ly, and see what is best to be done. In spite. of the lapse of five-and-twenty years, who knows but what we may lay hands on the murderer of your : father, who is no doubt now1 living in fancied security?" "Unless he Is dead." "Who is ; making tho objections now?" said Tait, smiling. . "Well, Claude, will you accept me as your brother detective in this matter?" "Willingly, and I thank you for this proof of your friendship." "I am afraid there is an element of sel fishness mixed up in my offer," said Tait, 1 shrugging his shoulders. "It is not every day that one can find an Interesting case like this to dissect.- Excitement Is the joy of life, and I rather think we will he able to extract a good deal from this investigav tlon. Come! We now understand ono an other." Larcher grasped the hand held out to him, and gratefully accepted the aid thus offered. From that moment the two dedi cated themselves to hunt down the crimi nal at whose hands George Larcher had met his death. .It was as strange a com pact as had' ever been made. Halting Ne- mosis', who had rested all these years, once m'oro resumed hor stealthy progress, and before her ran these two young men, as ministers of her long-delayed revenge. This junction of unforeseen circumstances savored of the dramatic. "The first thing to be done," said Tait, when the compact was thus concluded, "is to read both cases." "Both cases!" repeated Claude, curious ly. 1 "Yes. You remember how Browning gives .half a dozen aspects of the. same case in his 'Ring and the Book?' In a minor degreo vo benefit in the same manner. There," said Tait, pointing to the roll of newspapers, "is the case from tho real point of viow, and hero, in these three volumes, wo will find the same ense as considered in a fictional fashion by the novelist. By reading both we may come to some conclusion whenoo to start in our talk. Last night you read tho newspapers, I tho novel. T6-day wo will reverse the process. I will view the. affair as set forth by tho provincial press, and you will devour tlio three volumes of John Parver as I did last night." "And afterwards?" "Eh! Who can say?" replied Tait, shrug ging his shoulders. Several sojourns in Paris had left their trace in Gallic ges tures, and possibly In Gallic flippancy. "Wo must know what foundation wo havo before we build." Claude nodded. Ho was of the same way of thinking himself, and commented on. his friend's speech after his own fashion. "Yes," said he, a trifle vindictively, "wo must build our gallows staunch and strong. You can proceed with your tollot, and afterwards we will read novels rind newspapers, as you BUggost. Tho result I of our reading must appear In our ac tions. I rather think," he added, slowly, ' that the result will he a visit to Mr. Hllllston." "Without doubt, He was an oye-.wlt- ness, and it Is always preferable to : ob tain evldenco .first hand." "Then," said .Claude, reflectively, "there Is' Mrs. Bezel." , . "Quite so. The enterprising lady who started the whole thing. Was she also, an eye-witness ?." "I can't say. Her name does not appear in the newspapers," "Humph!" muttered Tait, scratching his chin, "Nor. in those three volumes can I find a characler likely to develop into Mrs. Bezel, of Hampstead." "I wonder who she . can be," said Claude, curiously, "or what she can have to do with the case." "That wo must find out. Depend upon it there is more in this case than in nows- . papers or novel. Wo must find out all about Mrs; Bezel, and,"- said Tait, with emphasis, "we must learn all that is to be learned concerning John Parver." "Who is Joliu Parver?" "Who- was .the Man in the Iron Mask?" replied Tait, in a bantering tone. "I can not say. But whomsoever he may be, he knows all about thi3 case?"' "There is that possibility, certainly," assented the, otlier, smoothly, "but I think it hardly likely. A man of to-day would not readily corno across the account of a tragedy occurring in a llttle- kuown town 25 years ago. Do you know," he added, after a pause, "that it occurs to me that the publication of this book containing an account of the case may have been the cause which incited Mrs. Bezel to write tho letter?" ''I thought so myself. Mrs. Bezel may think the John Parver. Is a nom do plume assumed by Claude Larcher." "Or another alternative — Mrs. Bezel may bo John Parver herself. It Is the fashion nowadays for women to write under the name of men." There was a few minutes' silence, during which each man was Intent on his own thoughts. Tait, whose brain turned quick er than that of Larcher, was the first to break the silence. /"Wellt" said he, moving briskly towards 'his bedroom door, "before . we can say. or do anything, we must learn the facts of the case." As ho vanished Into his room, Claude laid his hand on the first of the three volumes: (To ho continued.) 