CHAPTER XXXVI. The Gnosis op the Past. " An old, bont man, worn out and frail, Ho came buck from seokingtbo Holy Grail." Scarcely two years had "elapsed Rinco Clement Dunraven had loft Ahoyne Court for the foreign travels, during which ho hoped to find that peace of mind which passeth all understanding ; when, one evening, when he was by no means ex pected, he crept into his own house by the back door. One of the maids, who saw him, ran shrieking to the housekeeper, und said she had seen Sir Clement's ghost. The house keeper told her 'not to he a fool,' and went out to look for herself, and then she too trembled with affright until she heard the well known voice. ' Don't be alarmed, it is myself ; Clement Dunraven in tho flesh. I have been very ill, and have come home to die.' ' Oh, Sir Clement, why ever didn't you let us know that ; wo might have had things a hit comfortable for you.' 'All right — all right; dou't trouble yourself. There'll bo comfort enough for me. Light a firo in the library, Lady Gortrude's favourite room, and 6ond for Dr. Watson.'- The night was a cold one, though it was only.mid- October, and tho trees were etill heavy with mellow, golden foliage. There was something about Sir Cle ment's manner and appearance which repelled question, so tho servants bestirred themselves to prepare dinner, got his bedroom ready, and mako the place as homelike as the short notice would per mit, without asking for any further orders. , Sir Clement, meanwhile, sat down in front of the fire, which had been speedily lighted, and took no notice of anyone. It was not until Dr. Watson entered the room that he roused up from his reverie. The summons to come at once to Sir Clement Dunraven had been re ceived by the little doctor with no email dismay, and a presentiment of coming trouble took powerful possession of him; nor was his dread of the future in uuy way lessened when he saw the man who had sent for him. ' Doomed to death,' was the Doctor's mental verdict, and that torture of mind hud ended in produoing torture of body, he was not slow in deciding. Sir Clement held out his hand, and said, feebly : 1 It is good of you to have come so soon.' How gladly would Dr. Watson have grasped it, but that the recollection of the awful acousation made by Jim Glen- dinning rose yividly in his mind. Ho pretended not to see the extended hand, hut drawing a chair close to his patient tried to speak cheerily. 'Sorry you have come hack ill, Sir Clement, we mast see if we can patch you up.' But Sir Clement noted at once the want of cordiality, and said, bitterly: ' Tou cannot " minister to a mind diseased," but since I see you know or have guessed the truth, you will make my task easier.' Dr. Wotson merely answered with an 'Ah,! and Sir Clement went on : 'I havo not muoh belief in parsons. They would ruin you if thoy could,, as Singleton tried to ruin me. But I have sent for you, Watson, because I know you to be a true and- honcBt man, and as such you will help me' to make the best atonement for the past that is in my power.' 'I will use my best endeavours so to do,' answered Dr. Watson, 'but would not Sir Miles Berkeley ' t ' Xo— no,' cried Sir Gloment, in- 1 tempting. 'Berkeley has a wife, and, I hear, a child. Let him be happy and ignorant. I will not have him freighted with my misery. You must hear many a talo of wretohedness, Watson; it is in your calling.' - .'Alas! Tales of wretehednoss and Buffering that one cannot alwuys assuage.' ' There isojily one incurable disease of . .which the torture eannot bo alleviated, and that is the disease from which I am dying now — :it is called Remorse.' 'Oh, Sir Clement, repentance must ; bring alleviation of suffering, even to tho 'piOBt remorseful.' 'I havo repented, humbled myself in dust and ashes for my sins, but I am no . happier, llemorso gnaws as a cunker worm at my heart. Should I be uny happier if 1 had made u. public confession and allowed tho law to - take its course ? I tbink not. Anyway, it would have \- brought misery and obloquy on innocent people. So I resolved to keep my secret. It is wearing me out, and the severest punishmont I can inflict on mysolf is that I have rofrained from my own destruction. However, the oud is not fur off now, und beforo that end comes I want you to know the truth;' '.What good to tell it, Sir Cloment. .Before the words have fallsu' frota your lipsyou may. regret having spokon thorn.' ' I can never regret 'liuving asked n \- good man to be the.- guardian of my child . : >-ryou will not rofuso ?V - ' Dr. Watson winced, but he accepted the guardianship. 'Lisa is my child,' continued Sir Cloment, 'and Lisbeth her mother, my lawful wife, which Lady Gertrude never was.' 'Sir Clement, for mercy's .sake keep silonco. Think of the memory of that pure, virtuous lady, and keep Bifenoe.' ' To nil but you I will do so, but you must know the truth, or you cannot do tho host for my child and her brave mother. If I die without a will this property cannot go to Lisa, unless her legitimacy is proved. In justice to Lady Gertrude, I am going, with your help, to make a will, leaving everythingto Lisa, my adopted daughter, who is to take the name of Dunraven. This inuy seem to yuu to be unjust to Lisbeth, hut she agreed to be suppluntod by Lidy Gertrude, in order that I might become my uncle's hoir, and, therefore, she must bear her share of the Borrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had never deserted Lisbeth, I might have been a poorer, but I should have been a far happier man.' 'She is tho best and noblest among women,' said the doctor, fervently. Sir Clement looked at him keonly. His eyes fell as beforo those of an inquisitor, for ho felt that Sir Clement had guessed the desire of his heart. ' I see I have appealed to the right man,' said Sir Cluraent, nftev a short pausp. 'Win her if you can, IVutson, and if my blessing, tho blessing of a wretched criminal, is of any avail, you have it with all my heart. To know that my poor Lisbeth will have a restful happy home is far more than I doserve.' Nothing more was said on tho matter ; what could ho said as long as Clement Dunraven lived? Fens, ink, and paper were produced, and tho last will and testament of Cloment Dunraven was written out. In it ho left everything of which he died possessed, including Ahoyne Court and all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whoso birth had been registered at a registrar's in the City road under the name of Lisa Ellis, on condition that she henceforth took tho name of Dunraven. Tho guardian and tho sole executor to bo his tried and valued friend, Richard Watson, M.D. The butler, and Brown, tho bailiff, were sent for to witness the signaturo of their master, and this supreme effort having been made, it seemed as if Sir Clement Dunraven's work on earth was nearly done, for he then lay back in his chair in such a condition of By ncope (hat brandy had to ho poured down his throat, and Dr. Watson doeided that ho would pass the night at Aboyne Court. But, considering that he had been left executor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what his own feelings were towards Lisbeth, ho did not believe himself to ho justified in remuiuing there without lotting anyone know of Sir Clement's return. So he sent n man on horsobaok over to the Snuggery, to acquaint Sir Miles with tho fact of Sir Clement Dunraven's return in very bad health, and to request him to ride over in tho morning. After a time Sir Clement rallied some what, and Dr. Watson and tho butler got him to bed. Ho seemed in such a strange, semi conscious state that tho doctor took up his position in an armchair, aud arranged for the butler to sleep in an adjoining room, so that he might be at hand if his services were required in tho night. As the doctor ha:l expooted, tho dis- trossing unrest which tho unhappy man experienced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr. Watson tried every available, means to quiet hira. He tossed cease lessly from side to side in feverish excite ment, muttering every now and again somewhat incoherently ; only Dr. Watson, who held the key, understood full well how sorely the poor distrusted mind was troubled. As is frequently tho ease, . with tho break of dawn the restlessness and excitement grew more intense, and the mutteringB became Bhouts and loud cries for help. Dr. "Watson was thankful that the butler was a heavy sleeper; he would not for worlds have had him hear the unhappy man's ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, he plnckily determined to manage him, if possible, by himself. 'How dare he come between me and Lisbeth— ah — the water is deep — and black — and cold. What! no movement — no sound— silonco 1 My God, what silence 1 No voice — not n loaf stirring — nothing but that black, still water— and the rushes. Ah, .the rushes will hide it. Lot me go ! Lot me go! I can stay here no longer 1 Away, away, from this terrible place. You shall not hold me, let me go — tho police aro coming — the manacles — tho mob in the court — old Jim's jibbering face — -the gallows 1' It was a fearful and awful sight, this torture of mental agony, and in all his wide practice Dr. Watson had never beforo witnessed Rueh a scene. Ho fought through bravely, however, and by means of an amesthetic, for whinh he had Bent to liis surgery early in the evening, he managed to quiet the agitated brain, and by the time the first awakenings of life were heard in the house, Sir Clement had sunk into nn nneasv, unnatural Bleep, While as for Dr. Watson, he was so exhausted by what he. had gone through, that it was only by an immense force 'of will that he managed to pull himself to gether so us to be able to proceed with tho terrible duty of tending this wretched mnn. Till this hour ho had pub away from his mind, as tho more chimera of an un hinged brain, Jim G lenrlinning's assertion 'about the part which Clement Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Yaughan. Now he had no farther doubt- on the subject, tho true murderor lay before ' him, and might even yet he brought to' justice. Dr. Watson thought that the hours of his life wero numbered ; still there was no saying what turn he might take, or who might hear the ravings which could not fail to ennviot him. For himself lio intended to say nothing. The punishment Clement Dunraven had reooived was a heavy one, and who was he that he should dolivor him over to the law, blighting the memory of one true loving woman, and the lifo of another bv liia fall. V Many might cavil at and argue about Dr. Watson's reasoning, and . how he justified himself in thuB condoning crime, but ho cared not. The presence of death was omnipotent In that room, und the 1 terrors of remorso accompanying itjmade all earthly punishment soem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrudo and her memory free from the tpint were, however, to meet with success. . . : When Sir Milos Borkeloy arrived, it was to .find the oufferor still slumbering. Nor did he over recover sufficiently to recognise any of those, who were about him. The terrible crisis 'was over, and thanks to Dr. Watson's, loyalty, the dire ovents then revealed would never,. bo divulged. - Sir Clement lingorcd for many hours, vitality. ..being stronger than tho doctor had expected. He took what nourish ment thoy gave him upatheticaUy, but did not speak ; the brain was numbed, and the pulse and powers were gradually growing feebler. Towards evening a taU figure in a long blue cloukcame up the stairs with a halt ing step, and Lisbeth gazed for the last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, thiifc_ she bad sacrificed all her happiness in lifo for his dear sake. She know nothing of the will, nothing of what had been dono for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All licr thoughts were absorbed in hitn who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the victim of his own sin. Nor wore there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, but prayers, heart felt and deep, were in her heart ; prayers that he might not be punished ever lastingly for his grave transgressions. Considerate always, Dr. Watson, went away, and left her with the dying man.. He would not pry into tho secrets of that woman's heart, and truly a voil should be drawn over her sorrow and her agony. An hour later Clement Dunraven wa9 dead, and tho tall figure wont down the staircase noiselessly, as she had mounted it, away into the silent night, where the moori, shining brilliantly to guide her steps, and the stars offulgently beaming, gavo her hope that the pathway even through the valley of the Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy was extended even to the greatest sinners. The news of Lisa's heirship, which was spread about Boon after Sir Clement's funeral, took the entire neighbourhood by surprise, und, of course, various were the comments made upon' it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that he knew the truth, had known it tor years, but no one guested the riddle -aright, save Dr. Watson and Mrs. Singleton, and they were silent as the grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, the gossip ceased, the social gatherings recommenced, and the world run on its usual course as if Sir Clement Dunraven had never existed. Dr. Watson took means to have Lisa educated in a manuer befitting ber future position, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth. Whether the little dootor will ever persuade Lisbeth to give up her ' Home ' and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him in the red brick house on the outskirts of the town, is one of the problems of the future. Lady Maroia says that of course she ought to marry him, aud that thero is plenty of money to found a real big ' Home,' in memory of Lady Gertrude. Hitherto Dr. Watson has beea too shy to put tho question himself, and if the marriage takes place, it will probably be becauso Lady Marcia has brought it about. The End. J 