SUNDAY READING. (Selected by the Rev. G. E. Rowe.) HEAVEN. BY THE REV. JAMES STALKER, D.D. (Preached in Free St. Matthew's Church, Glasgow, on Sunday afternoon, June 23. 'Then shall the King say unto them on His right hand, Come, ye blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." Matt xxv, 34. Many people, and some of them good Christian people, would, I am sure, confess that they do not make very much of heaven. It is not that they disbelieve in it, but it does not take any hold them. In comparison with this solid earth on which our homes are built and in which our business lies, heaven seems to them a land of shadows and a world of dreams ; and although they are aware that they ought to wish to go there, they know quite well, in. reality that they would far rather that it were possible to stay here. There may be several reasons for this state of mind. In some cases the reason, I have no doubt, is the simple one that they have never reflect- ed on the subject. When we wish say secular subject to impress us, we know quite well what to do. We know we must bring our minds to bear on it, that we must give it long entertain- ment within us, allowing it to make its own impression; and we would never expect a secular subject to im- press us deeply, unless we had pondered it deeply. But when we are dealing with religious subjects, we sometimes forget this common sense principle, and we complain that a subject like heaven does not impress us, when the truth is we never had given it a chance. In their case the reason may be a lack of experience. I have a notion that people never make very much of heaven, until some very dear to them have gone there. Of course it might be said, one who is un- speakably dear to all Christians is there Christ is there, and for some minds that may be enough to invest this subject with all the colours of reality; but for most, perhaps, come one whom they have seen, and touched, and walked with here below, must enter heaven, before it becomes very real to them. I know there are some here to whom it is very real. I was saying a little time ago that this world seems so solid, and that world seems so shadowy. Yes, but there are experiences, and there are stages of life, when it is just the reverse. It is this world that seems shadowy, or it looks like walking on thin ice, that may dissolve beneath us at any mo- ment, and if there is reality anywhere it is there. Perhaps there are some who would give still another reason. They would say this subject has been spoiled, it has been so often handled in a child- ish and unnatural way. Pictures of heaven have been drawn that do not correspond with human nature, and cannot take hold of any sensible man. I would lay it down as the very first principle in speaking on this subject, that our ideas of heaven must be natural. We most take it for granted that we are to be ourselves these — still men and women as we are in this world and, therefore, that the features of heaven most correspond to real necessities of human nature. It is the principle that I shall try to go upon this afternoon, as I dwell for a little upon some of the features of this world, of which we all hope some day to be inhabitants ; and I daresay, for some of us, the time will not be very long. Let me take op four points: (1) It will be a place of rest for the body; (2) Of occupation for the mind ; (3) of fellowship for the heart, and (4) Of purity for the spirit. REST OF THE BODY. It will be a place of rest for the body. Heaven has a physical side. This is the side that first of all occupies our attention, because children have to have all truth presented to them in physical images. The Scripture has stooped to tins necessity, and drawn glowing pictures of heaven as a paradise, full of flowering meadows, and crystal streams, and fruit-laden trees : -with golden streets and splendid mansions; with white-robed multitudes and glorious music. But this can be over-done. It is well known how the morality of Mahometanism has been corrupted by too material pictures of heaven.; and I would list the suggestion, that the season why heaven does not impress some minds is because they have not taken the trouble to translate these material pictures of childhood into the moral and spiritual equivalents, which are suitable for the mature mind. And yet there must not be too much spiritualizing. Monks in their cells, and recluses in their studies, have drawn pictures of heaven that are quite cben to the ordinary mind. A heaven that one eternal gaze on spiritual beauty or one unending burst of song, cannot attract ordinary minds. The certainty that heaven will have a physical side is guaranteed by the resurrection of the body, because where there is a physical body, there must be a physical environment to correspond to it. It is true the resurrection of the body is a doctrine very difficult to the intellect, but per- haps we make it difficult for ourselves by conceiving it too grossly. Now, for instance, the popular idea that at the resurrection all the atoms of the body are to be collected from the four winds to which they have been driven, and reunited so as to form a heavenly body, does not seem to be countenanced by Scripture, which, while comparing the body that is buried to the seed as it is sown, and the body that will rise again to the stalk that springs from the buried seed, ex- pressly draws attention to the fact that the atoms of the stalk do not exactly correspond with those of the seed that has been buried. There is a certain identity but it is not such an identity as leads us to suppose that the atoms of glorified body will exactly correspond with the atoms of the body that is buried. We shall be ourselves, certainly, even in respect to our bodies, the men and women -we are in this world but how the identity will be preserved we do not know. But surely we do not need to know. It is enough to know that our resurrection body will be like our Lord's glorified body, and will be totally free from the vices and defects of the body in the present state. My hearers, the New Testament well calls our present body a ' body of humiliation". Oh, what ugliness and blemishes, what aches and torture, what thousandfold variety of disease it is subject to ! I suppose there is not a man in the Church, who has not a weak point somewhere in his constitution. Many persons known to us live in a prison that is loathsome both to themselves and others. But in that other state it will not be so. There not only the soul but the body will be without spot or wrinkle or any each thing. Can yon remember a day of your life when yon were absolutely healthy, perhaps a spring morning, when you awoke in the country, with the sweet movement of the spring in your blood, and with strength going up every sinew, and with the cense that the hand could per- fectly and coolly accomplish the designs of the active brain? Perhaps that is the best conception you could have of' what the bodily state in heaven will be. FELLOWSHIP FOR THE HEART Heaven is a place of fellowship for the heart. The majority of human, beings are stronger in the heart than in the head, and there happiness comes rather along the channels of affection than through the avenues of thought The glow of friendship, the wealth of love, the charities of the home — these are the sources from which we derive our happiness. But the blight of im- perfection is on this part of human life also, and if the heart is the chief centre of our happiness, it is the spot also in which we receive the deepest wounds of sorrow. I suppose there are many who never in this life receive the opportun- ity of lavishing all their affections, and taking in the harvest of mutual love; and there are others who have been: draining the cap of love to its depths when it has been suddenly dashed from their lips. In public we wear quiet and smiling faces, but behind these masks there is often raging a storm of unsatisfied desires, and the heart is bleeding though and eyes are dry. At the be- ginning of life our desires are unlimited, but we think the world is rich enough, and life long enough, to satisfy them all. Long, however, before life is half over, we have begun to bury hopeless hopes, and ambitions that never can be satisfied. The good and the beautiful are torn away from us by the cruel hand of death, and we have to put up with those between whom and us there can be no sympathy. Even between Christians there is often war, one Church, persecuting another, one party anathematizing another with, them in the same Church, What heart does not sometimes complain itself. Oh, that I had wings like a dove, that I might fly away, and be at rest!" Now, in Heaven one of the principal pleasures will be the company. There the wicked will cease from troubling for all will be holy. What a world this would be if there were none in it but Christians, even with the imperfections of the present state ! But in that world all will be children of God, and everyone will be better than the best here are. What enjoyment we have had some- times, when in the company of those thoroughly sympathetic ! We have been able to speak out the deepest con- victions and feelings of the heart, and we shall have that pleasure without limit in the land to winch we are going. What will it be there to converse with Abel and Enoch and Abraham ; with David about his Psalms, and Isaiah about his prophecies ; with Paul about the deep things in his Epistles, and with John about the mysteries of the Revelation ; with Polycarp and Augus- tine and Gregory ; with Luther and Calvin ; with Milton and Wesley ! Aye and it will be a far deeper pleasure to converse again with those who had no name on earth, and who were far from be- ing perfect, but whose name were written on our heart of hearts, and wet often with the rain of secret tears. When Luther was dying, some one asked him if he thought we should know our friends in heaven. His answer was as profound as it was expected. 'What' he asked, " happened to Adam and Eve when they met each other in paradise ? They never had seen one another before yet they knew each other perfectly in an instant because they were both full of the Holy Ghost" 