A straw showc how th« wind blowa — the straw. No mora than that. Som« painfully aceurato obaorver has demon strated how easy it ia to be misled con cern ins the general direction of the wind if depsndant upon no better gauge, and if adequate account be not taken of all the eddies and side-whUTaby which the straw may be iflootod> No doubt the soourate observer is quite right. Just now from this and that little incident, a straw bare and a straw thore, iuon are trying to form tome idea of how goes the new 'foroe In the character of the young Gnar « Russia. That freah and almost unkown quantity in the problem of European affaire ia puzzling the minds of dlplomekiste the world over. Vor peace or wart For harmony or discord P For Buss Urn wesl or Russian woe 1 For the good of the world or for the powers of evil? For what? Hr "W. T. Stead rejoices tosoe his own estimate of the Ute Czar accepted by the whole British press. For his tfrau tbe privilege 11 first amoegst the journalistic crowd to discern the truth about the Czar, to publish it to the world.'' . He atsrts the new Czir upon hia caroer— liicliolas IT. would hardly have ventured to start without Mr Stead's toleration— with a mixed sort of description and blasting. "Of whose (Nicholas's) per sonal character," writes the great journalistic I Am, "little or nothing ie known excepting that it ia usually re ported that he bae displayed weakness rathor than strength ; ia said to have acquired bod habits which were cal culated to impair both moral char acter and physical vigor." 2 hia much admittedly on heanay. Yet hardly a send-off upon a monarchical caraor that good taste would suggest Chacon a son gout 1 Then follows a itory told to Mr Stead by tba young man's tutor concern ing bis reception of a recitation of some linaa from tbe Lady of the Lake:— Gravely bs greets each clij sire, Notee each pageants qaai&t; attire, Givee to the dane«r« tfaanka aload, And eoiiloe sad node upon the crowd, Wbo read tbe heaven with their acclaims, Loog live the Comaooe' King, King James. M That is what I should like to be," is tho exclamation attributed to tbe young student. Ia that what he now, aa Nicholas IL, Czar of -all tbe Russians, would still like to be ? A couple of straws waftod our way yesterday would givo readers of The Herald cables a chance of judging. First there are tbo terms of a re script in commemoration of tbe ap pointment of tbo pacific Count Schn- valoff, who bocatso Govornor-Genoral oi wsrsaw m aacoesuon to tbo fiory Gourko, whoeo great gpirit revolted at the idoa of managing tho Poles with a singlo crack the laea of Comtek whips, ' Next was tho fact that tho Govornore of provinces had bean con voked by the Czar inorder that they might givo him counaol as to the operation of the law and tho boat means of relieving public distress. "Ob, Czar, our father, lot us not die of starvation I" was tho pitiful cry of (be peasantry to Alexander 111. during tho Russian famino of 189L The present fatbor of hia people has at least been prompt to act, to anticipate cries of woe from the almost uncountable millions over whom he is lord and master. These signs' are good. Indicative are they of the eoutinned vitality of that wish to be " ike Commons' King." Ner are they nec&ssanly; cen tralised by the sign given in that earlier blown etraw anent «»ui theatrical soldiering projoctcd at Smo lensk. On tbe whole, there deoo seem hopo for Russia and for the European world in this yet brand new autocrat He accepts with bis father's crown tbe sacred legacy implied by the title "Peacekeeper of Europe," and— Nihilism permitting - Nicholas IL may make history aa no Czar has dens since the dsy of Poter tho 'Great, The Vionna correspondent of the "Daily News1' is usually well informed, and he gives ths following testimony alike to tho young Emperor's oourage and judgment Tbe Czar has held a eonanltation with ths Grand Dakaa on the subject of tho secret Court police, which he In toads giving up altogether, beeaase, as he says, if it U hto fate to be killed, tho secret police will not be able to protoot aim. The Cxtralse UGnW. q| abolishing tbe state of siege almost immedi ately, He declared opealy that be waa in favor ol establishing the freedom of the ftcse, as a mesas of bariag the abuses of high sad lew officials exposed and pot a stop Bomething -of a fatalist, it would isem, Nicholas will gin the Nihilists a.obance. It would be a docent thing on their part If they could Rce their way to reciprocate —and observe what come of it. Our own prognostication would then bo a Russia hrougbt into line with the nations under constitutional Government within five years. Tbe "Argus'' calls it a " murder, j the " Age" prefers tho word " assassina tion." We wondor what term the Ar menians , would . employ ? Probably, enough tholr-word would be " execution. ' Wo are alluding, of oourse, to the killing of tho Turkish governor over that district ia Asia Minor which - waa' ' ' i latoly given over te the lust and fury of the Tarkish soldiery. Presumably the governor was the guilty head of that horrible series of ghastly outaages. Ha fall si the hands of to " Armenian patriot," as tho cable message describes him, who immediately afterwards coro- cuifcted soieids. Hs cheerfully gave bis own life after performing what be con ceived to be his plain doty. Was be wrong ? Was Charlotte Corday wrong in destroying Marat ? Niee questions of ethics for tboee wbo love such conun drums. In tbe way of help te them lit us recall what happened in Armenia : — Whole village— tbe "Standard" aaya twenty- rlx— have been given over to the sworda of the Kurds, neither old men, women nor children being spared, even by ths regular soldiery, wbo alM took part la the atrocities. Hundreds of women sod girls, it is declared, hsva been outraged and murdered In the moat awfnl faatiioo, and " tender babes have been impaled with the same weapon on tteir dead mother's breasts." Some# of afofcening atrocity seme to have taken ptaoe which recall the horrors of the Bstak butchery In Bulgaria whleh seat a t rill cf Indignation through Europe. The " SUodard," surely a Safe authority, pule the nomber of deed at " some thousands." Another account stated that the soldiers were poaitrrely ordered te violate tho women end girls before murderiog thsm. It is tbe official that authorised these things who fell tinder tho knife of that Armenian patriot; who was—well, killed! Wo wish te announce this evening that oar allegiance to Mrs MsUoq and the wholo spook family is once mora with drawn. Wo withdrew it, if our memory ervea us, once or twice before ; but that is no reason why vt may not do it again. Just as Mr Judge, claiming thoosopbicaOy to ba the real 8ir Roger, " depostd " Mm Beoant — all tho more solemnly because be bad no right to do anything of tbe tort — we now depose Mrs Mellon, also tbe fair Josephine, little Cisrie and the robust Geordie. Farewell to them all 1 It rends our hoart to part from them, but our duty is plaiu go whore glory waits us. Therefore, on tho first convenient oppor tunity wo start for Thibet, there to present our respectful duty te the Grand Lama ! Oa him our hepos wo fix ! He is indeed the true Mabatms, Medium, Ghost-maker, Oiairvoysnb, what you wilL Besides bis achievements in the realm of the esoteric, Mellonistio phantom- making is but ths by-play of an idle brain, and tbo graceful eloquence of a Bcsant more in fantile prattle. Hail te tbo Grand Always qmse pivn ana csnaia who our resdorv, .we frankly oonfesa that our conversion is due te an socount of a visit te the Grand Lama paid by a certain Dr Hensoldt. This solid Gorman is aneakcr after strange and eorie things. Ho wsnt to Thibet in tho make-up of a " Hindoo of rank," the greater part of bis body having been " elaborately stained " in ordtr to assist tho decoption be proposed to prac tice on tbo keen-witted people of Lhasa. An account of the doctor's experiouce apptars in tbo current number of tbe "Review." 'Premising that the Grand Lama, as everybody ought to know, is tho incarnate Buddha of to-day, this ia the sort of being tbe intrepid Tcutonio traveller interviewed : — A yoath indeed I found him— a boy perhape tight years of ags, certainly not ovsrnino— but instead of a face of idiotic maamioftleunaaa and iodifTsraoee, I encoun tered a look whiob at ooca filled mo with aatonishmaot end aw#. It was a faoa of great symmetry and beauty, a face never to b« forgoUvs aa aeeoust of Its singularly melancholy expression, which fiootrasted strangely with tba childlike features ; but whet startled mo most were the ay#. It is not a good start when ono goes out with an intention of studying tho Motoric scientifically te bw filled wifh awe at tho ayes of a nino-yoar-old boy; but lot that pass. The doctor's bowildormont was to come. . Wo would crave tbe reader's pardon for tbe fallowing rathor long quotation, but we feel that it la good for him te read it, and forbear apologies. Thus continues tho good doctor I knew and felt that I was ia tbo pretence of one whooonld read my Innermost thought. He addrensd me in my native German, ted moreover in a dialect which I had not beard for many years, and which hs could not hare Acquired by any process known to ordiaary mortal. . . . Among ths higher adepts of India and Thibet, the acquisi tion ol any giTD language by in tuitive process unknown to Western philosophy m aa undoubted fict. . . To all intento and purpeiea the Dalai JLama could mad my thoughts and reply to ihm in any possible laaraaie, but this wa not the only thing which aetoolahed me ia thia my- terioae individual. He displayed an amount of wisdom whieb I have never since Men equalled in the most famous Oriental or Western tblokere. He had a profound knowledge of Western eoleace, sad wa so thoroughly fit home In every de partment of rweereb that be as tonished me beyond expression by his detailed knowledge of mineralogy, botany, mioroeeopv, ate. Indeed, he wee Intimately aoqoeibtod with every, anbjeot that oeme within the scope of our dtoaeelon, and we tmvelled over a considerable amount of philosophical territory, Every isntenoe he ottered waa full of thought, aod hit logic was at once convinthsg and evarwheimizg ia the force of hie appUoatien. He spoke with the authority of one who hoe raised tho veil of 11, and to whom nothing in the put, preaent, or future ie hidden. After thia, it will surely be conceded that the mediums and inch like we are went to hear of are of decidedly trumpory order. Give us the Grand Lama— him with tho gift of 'languages, evoh as vu vouchsafed only to the Appetlee and to an odd mediaeval saint or two whoso names figure in tho oalendar. And a little child shall lead them 1 Although but a more chad, theGrandLamahaspeered with those mar vellous eyes of his, baok ward and present- ward and forward, to wonderful purpose. Aa for the gifted and privileged Dr Hen oldt, who has made this thing known to a wondering world, nothing abort of a monument high as Straeburg Cathedral would do him adequate juetioe. 