NEWS AND NOTES. VS. Wittenoom reports A raitifall at of 4.38 iijohed. At' MUrgoo, we from Mr.TVIclony.'tlio "fall was about 4 inches. The rains wore not no heavy further up the river and on tho Upper Gascoyne, but have been good everywhere throughout district. CONCERT of a specially attractive and picasg character is announced for Wednesday next, when a benefit is to .bo tendered to 1 rofessor Hughes. The prpmoter is Mr. W. U) Oonteur, who is being warmly seconded in his efforts by our leading amateurs, both male and female. We hopo tho entertainment will prove a financial success, and that Mr. Hughes, who has been most kind in assisting all local efforts in a musical way in our midst for some months past, will reap a benefit of as substantial character as he deserves. ON Tuesday evening last an entertainment was given in aid of the building fund of the Parish Room, in connection with Christ Church, and was very well attended, considering counter attractions." The programme was a good one, and some of the numbers were rendered with more than ordinary merit, especially songs by Mr. Jenner, Garrett,-Coulter, and Hyslop, and a pianoforte duett by Misses Palmer and Davis. The children, too, who recited and sang various pieces, deserve special mention. Mrs. Loueh acted as accompanyist in a most perfect manner, and Mr. Moore made a capable and genial stage manager. After the concert those present had a little dancing, which was thoroughly enjoyed. YESTERIUY being the anniversary of the Declaration of American Independence, a number of leading citizens called on Mr. Charles Conway, over whose premises, for some years past, the stars and stripes have flaunted as the Glorious Fourth of July has recurred. Mr. Conway is a citizen of the United States, and duly honors the day of days for the American people. Cake and wine were provided for;all-comers during the day, and • at 12' o'clock, in the presence of some twenty gentlemen, Mr.Maitland Brown proposed the toast of the Great Republic, which was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. Conway suitably responded, and proposed the toast of the Queen, which was received with equal enthusiasm. Other toasts were proposed, including that of Mr. Conway, the Government Resident, and the Press. THE press correspondent of the W.C.T.U. writes: "The Woman's Christian Temperance Union (Geraldton Branch) held a special meeting of prayer and praise on Wednesday evening, July 3rd. As it was requested by the Australasian Convention of the British Woman's Temperance Association that the first week in July be set apart for special prayer and praise for past benefits and future aid. The meeting, which was well attended was opened by the President with some very earnest remarks on the necessity of prohibition of the liquor traffic, and mentioned Canada as being in that happy condition of total abstinence, and the Union hopes to see the day when Geraldton shall " Unfurl the Flag " of prohibition.. Adjutant Upton (Salvation Army) spoke most impressively on the baptism of the Holy Ghost, inviting his hearers to get filled with it in order to carry on this great work of Alcoholic Reform. The meeting was a very hearty one, and was brought to a close with singing and prayer." MB. H. S.'Ainsworth has, we are informed, received a well-signed requisition asking him to como forward as a candidate for the Council, but has not yet decided to stand. Should he accede to the request there will be at least three candidates in the field. A MEETING of the Geraldton Branch of the Anti-Asiatic League will be held at the Mechanics Institute on Monday evening next at 8 o'clock. FOOTBALLERS are invited to " roll up " to a smoke social to be tendered by the Rovers at the Club Hotel on Wednesday night next OWING to the impassable state of the roads, and to the ordinary passenger traffic bein^ suspended Messrs. F. & T. Mahomet have decided to select a number of the best riding camels from their mobs to convey passengers as quickly as possible to the Cue. If sufficient inducement offers k camel train will leave Mullewa on '^Thursday July 4th after the arrivial of the train. Communications on this subject should be forwarded at once to Messrs.' F. & T. Mahommet's office at Geraldton. IF the Minister for Mines, Mr. Wittenoom, has not had the experience of parliamentary life which Mr. Parker, the late representative of the Government in the Upper House, had, he i3 quite Mr. Parker's equal as a tactician. Already during the present session of the House he has not only given abundant evi dence of this, but also of bis extreme readiness in returning a Roland for an Oliver when it Jcomes to a question of counter attack, as Mr. Crowder for one is in a position to testify. Mr. Crowder, the other evening, made a characteristic onslaught upon Mr. Wittenoom on the grounds that be had changed his political opinions, and in reply the Minister not only silenced his opponent by inciting the House to merriment at his expense, but quite abstracted the sting out. of Mr. Crowder's remarks by stating that both his conscience and his constituents were satisfied with the action he had taken. Of course we are not the keepers of Mr. Wittenoom's conscience, but as regards his constituents we can endorse his remarks on the occasion referred to, and that most emphatically. Mr. Wittenoom, by accepting office, so far from losing the support of any of his constituents, rather, cemented and strengthened the ties which already bound him to the electors of the Central Province, who in the event of a general election tomorrow would be only too glad to again return him at the head of the poll. IN our advertising columns will be found the copy of a requisition received by Mr. Alexander from a number of electors of the Central Province asking him to come forward as a candidate for the Central Province, also of Mr. Alexander's reply to the requisition. For a long time past the electors of Geraldton have complained of the difficulty of securing the services of local men to represent them in parliament- .This difficulty will ofi course as'the place' advances disappear 'and we hail with satisfaction the appearance of a local candidate on this occasion. Although we do not attach much importance to the "local man " idea, we do think that, all other things being equal,thereis a distinct advantage in having as representatives'men who are personally acquainted with the legislative needs of the districts or provinces which they represent. This acquaintance Mr. Alexander can certainly lay claim to possess. Mr. Moorehead, the other candidate, is a gentleman of undoubted ability, but it will, we think, be pretty generally conceded that the legal fraternity is already too well represented in our Parliament, and that what is most wanted is a strengthening of the sound commercial element, of which the local candidate is a tolerably good representative. AT the Geraldton Board of Health meeting held on Monday night, Cr. R. D. Hutchinson gave the following notices of motion:—(1) That on and after the first day of January, 1896, the Geraldton Local Board of Health shall employ men to do the whole of the sanitary work in connection with the removal of night soil from places within the area controlled by the Local Board. (2) That on and after the first day of January. 1896, any person or persons (other than an employee of the Local Board of Health) removing or assisting to remove, burying or assisting to hury, any night soil from any tenement, building, closet, or place within the area controlled by the Local Board of Health shall be liable to a penalty of not less than £2 nor more than £5. (3) That all closets within the area controlled by the Board shall be supplied with sanitary pans of an approved pattern, and such pans shall be emptied at least once a week. WE have to acknowledge with thanks the receipt from the Clerk of the Legislative Assembly of parliamentary papers to date. These include " The Public Accounts for the Year ended, June 30, 1S94," and the Fourth Report of the Auditor-General. Also the following Bills—namely, a Bill to amend the law as to the appointment of Justices of the Peace; a Bill to regulate the interest payable to depositors in the Post Office Savings Bank; a Bill to establish and T maintain a Branch of tho Royal Mint iti mo Perth ; a Bill to confirm certain expenditure for tho year ending 80th June, lH'Jo ; a Bill to amend the Tariff Act; a Hill to regulate and restrict the wearing of naval and military uniforms ; a Bill to establish a standard of time in Western Australia ; and a Bill to tepeul cortain export duties. A writ 1ms been issued for tho election of a member to serve in tho Legislative Council in the room of tho late Mr. E. T. Ilonty, one of tho representatives of tho Central Province. The date of nomination is tho Kith inst,, wind tho poll if any will be hold on the 25th of this month. Wr, W. Alexander „f Geraldton, and Mr. F. W. Morehoad of Perth, have signified their intention of contesting' tho float. Other; names >havo been mentioned, but so far us we know'-no oCher porsous have made any overtures to tho electorate. MAJOE Gardiner, who by the way wo have to congratulate upon his too long delayed promotion to tho Commission of tho Puaeo, has been in this district for tho past week instructing tho schoel tcacliers in tho now physical drill which now very properly forina part of the school curriculum. Tire Press Correspondent of tho W.C.T.U. writes :—The usual monthly gospel temperance meeting under the auspices of tho W.C.T.U (Geraldton Branch) wiu> held in Gray's Hall on Friday evening, Juno 28th. On entering the hall each persou, as usual, was presented with aprettily arranged bouquet of flowers with a text of Scripture attauhed. Tho flower mission is an important department in connection with tho W.C.T.U. The chair was occupied by tho President, who in her opening remarks spoke on tho Benefits accruing from Total Abstinence," and earnestly solicited that those presout should eive it a fair trial. Mrs. Masscy sang during the evening with great feeling, " Heaven and Earth," and " Before the Shrine." These two sacred songs were greatly appreciated by tho audience. The Rev. A. H. Macdonald gave an intere&tinjr; address on tho " Drinking customs in Scotland years ago." Mr. Reckner (Chief Templar) sang " When tho Mists have liolled A)vay,'' the audience jpining ujj the chorus. < Sfeveral Sankey's hymns wera eun^ during ^the eyening-. Professor Hughes presided at the piano and also ..rendered a. pianoforte solo. Tho result of the meeting was very gratifying: five persona joined tho Union. The President gave a cordial invitatioil to those present to attend the W.C.T.U. special prayer and thanksgiving meeting, to bo held in Gray's Hall on Wednesday evening next, July 3rd, at 8 o'clock. The meeting closed with the benediction. MB. F. W. Moorehead, the city, barrister, telegraphed to us yesterday intimating hi.) intention to nominate himself as a candidate for the forthcoming Central Province election. Mr. Moorehead expects to reach Geraldton on the 19th inst. A SPECIAL meeting of the City Fathers is to be held on Monday night next to consider the report of the lighting committee, and to prepare proposals to bo submitted to the ratepayers at an early date. There appears to be a concensus of opinion among the Councillors that, for Geraldton, gas is to bo preferred to electricity us au tilluiniiiunt, tho value of the by-products of the former evidently influencing this opiuion. However, the matter cannot be decided without reference to the ratepayers, and in the meantime wucauouly congratulate the Council upon having advanced one step further towards the settlement of this important question of lighting the town.' ON Monday evening last some fifty niPiubarH and office-bearers of Christ Church, G.'raidton, met in the parish room in order to present the Rev. Alfred Burtou, who has, lor the past two months been officiating iu tho place of Canon Louch, and whose connection with the Church extends over two years, with a token of their regard ere he took his departure for Southern Cross—his new sphere of labor. The presentation took the form of an address nicely printed on white satin, and a handsome gold cross, to be worn a.» an appendage to a watch guard. Mr. Maitland Brown, R.M., made tho presentation, and referred in felicitious terms to recijiinnt's labours in their midst. It was his pleasingduty (said the speakev) to present Mr. lJurton with these small tokens as indicative of the respect, esteem, and sincere regard in which he was held by the churchwardens', vestrymen and members of Christ's Church. Their knowledge of him had not extended over a very lengthy period, but they had known him long enough to understand him, and to recognise in him an earnest worker iu the cause of Christianity. They had known him also in a prominent positiqji in commercial life, and they had recognised that they had a young man iu their midst' who would make his mark whatever might bo the goal of his ambition. He was glad that ho had chosen the better path, the noble mission of inculcating Christianity into the mincls of those to whom he ministered. He had doubtless followed that path from choice, and it was pleasing to see a young , man makifag such a choice. There was nothing, to his mind, nobler than spreading the truth of God's Holy Word, and pointing out the path to Eternal happiness. Mr. Burtou had gained their respect and sincere regard, and they would watch his future career with interest, and best hopes for the happiness of him - self and Mrs.'Burton." The address rwad as follows :—" The Rev. Alfred Burton, Assistant Curate, Christ Church, Geraldton. Rev: and Dear Sir,—We, the Churchwardens and Vestry of Christ Church, Geraldtou, a* representing the Parishioneers, cannot allow you to leave the Parish without expressing our high appreciation of the many valued services rendered by you since your arrival in Geraldton. We have noticed with much pleasure, the able, earnest, and faithful manner in which you have discharged the various duties undertaken by you, viz., as a Teacher in the Sunday School, Secretary and Treasurer of the Parish Room, Building Committee, Lay Reader, aud Assistant Curate during the absence of the Rector; and are of opinion that the Diocese is fortunate in having secured your services for such an important Parish as Southern Cross. In wishing yourself and Mrs. Burton goodbye'wehope and pray that a kind Providence will follow and guide your footsteps wherever you may be. In conclusion we ask you to kiudly accept the accompanying token as a momento of your residence amongst us. Very sincerely yours, Chas. E. Hardy, Wm. Moore, Churchwardens; Maitland Brown, C. B. Elliott, J. T. Shepheard, J. C. Reeve, J. J. Jenner, F. W. Lodge, S. J. R. Greville, Vestrymen." The Rev. Burton, in thanking those who had contributed towards the handsome present made, expressed himself as being at a loss for words to do so adequately. It was just two years and half since he landed from Adelaide a stranger amongst them, and duriug that period he had received nothing at their hands but unvarying kindness, the consummation of which wis the practical sympathy and honest good wishes extended to Mrs. Burton and himself that night. Ho felt deeply grateful, and wherever he might be in the future Geraldton would always bo associated in his mind with pleasant memories, and as the place where ho first started to work in the vineyard of the Lord. The singing of a hymn terminated the proceedings. THE following arc the approximate movements of tho Auglican Bishop of Perth, during his first visitation to Geraldton and Murchison districts. He will reach Dougarra so as to hold confirmations ou Sunday. 1 ttli July. From thence he will go on to Cue direct, and will preach there on Sunday, 21st July, and also on the next Sunday, 2Sth idem., and will no doubt make a thorough visitation of the vast Murchison district. His Lordship will reach Geraldton on his return from the fields op tho 31st July and will remain in this Parish until Monday, 5th August, then going northwards by steamer Carnarvon, Roebourne, &c.; He hopes, however, to bo well enough on to.night to appear iu the role of vocalist in which case,, judging from the reputation Mr. Abbot brings with him a treat is in store for us. Of course it goes without saying that the Hellers will have a good time on their last appearance in Geruldton where they have maae so many fliends. On Wednesday night tho company play at Mullewa. WE have referred at some length iu our leading columns to Mr. Vosper's meeting in tho Masonic Hall on Saturday night. MAILS close at the Ger.ildton Post 0:lice for tho United Kingdom and Eastern C Ionics on Thursday next at 8.45 p.m. HK W. A. rifle competition for (.lie Comandant's Chnllonw Clip, which took'phieo on Friday it'Nulled in it win for Fivniantl... Tie Geraldton team, which ««oro.l iv win hint year, (joining xecynd. Tho w.-iither at (!,. r . rtldton ou Friday \nn not conducive togood shooting tho wind being variable mid i), 0 light doubtful. Moreover, two of the local team were not fit to fdioot, (jmtain Cowan heintf ill while Color-Sergeant IJepbuni wux suffering front iiiHumnia, or HOIH- kindred ailment, roKidtititf in his mukinjr the lowest score ho Ins put up for year*. TIM- ii^'rii. gate score of the winning (ciini WMM o't\\), thn highest Scorer bring .Sergeant llirk* with !K», Tho HOOI'O of tho (Jeraldt'iu iturkmncn was 6'23, Sorgwiut Taigg lending tho sevon with Ki. TUB overland train from lVr!h on Saturday did hot bring the maiN, the oi!i i.-iN at. tli'o metropolitan Post. Ortl-o having it appears, in OIK,' of their frequent fits of mental aberration, forgotten the oxiKtrncr o| (icnildtoii. Verijy Mr. Wittenoom will have to put Home of his threats into pra.-tice if thing* don't soon mend in Mr. Sholl's fearful and wonder, i , department, which in in ;i chronic state of o don't know where o' are. A SPECIAL meeting of tho commit tooof the Geraldton Chamber of Commerce fvfiu li«M at tho Club i lot el on Thursday we.o'.c last, tho object being to discus, w'iMi tho Inspoctor of Explosives, who was on a nhort visit to the district, matters relating to tho proposed niHgn.'inc. Mr. M inn, theGoverninent official referred to stated lie lr«d vihito l the proposed situ whi-.h met with his approval. He would, however, mouiinaud to the Government that tho merchants build their own magazine or magazines as tho case maybe, as was dono in Victoria. The proposal did not meet with tho approval of the Chamber, but tho discussion of the matter was deferred, after a desultory conversation until the noxt regular meeting uf tho Chamber when it will be gone into fully. Qi RITE a novel idea for Geraldton in tho way of advertising was tried with a g^od ileal of apparent, sucr-ess by tlw Geraldton J ITI port Co. on Saturday night lust. A living figurp, dLsguishcl by mask and a clown's costume, was put «n exhibition iu an elaborately got up window, and succeeded in altractiug a crowd, aud in causing infinite uinusemeut by his drolleries. The fun, however, was somewhat one-sided, for the heat of the lamps melted the wax music, and servo 1 toIt. ep the youthful clown in a sort o.' Turk'sh hath. Ultimately tho lamp* werj n move I, a-i I replaced by candhu, the observe 1 of all observers, it neel tear, ely bo «a-.d, fu'ly appreciating tho change. A HKSTING of all persms interests 1 in the organization of n Flora! and Industrial Inhibition for Geraldt »n during the out'tig season are requested to in-ot at the ."iiiiit.iry Ilall on Friday night nc.xt a'. 8 o'clock. Xo cu- uulars have bcua Lwu-.-l, W : are !••.• JUO^IML to etate, because everyouo is invited. 