HER AMERICAN NIECE. By "WILLIAM WESTALL, Author of "The I'iiastom Citt," "Biboh Dene," "Bed Rtvington," &a; All Riorns Reserved. Chatter VI. Whan Mr.. Bollericay heard that Iier daugh« tor had taken to fox hunting .he folt very un easy, and the "habituoB" of the hotel, to whom oho, of courso, communicated tho new., con firmed her in her fears. Thoir ideas of hunting wero derived exclusively from Illustrated papers, whose artists, whon sketching incidents of the chase, delight in depicting tbe most ghastly scones imaginable— men standing on their heads, horses an their tails, a dozen people riding at tho samo place in a fence of appalling magnitude, tumbling over eaah other like acrobat at n fair, or Ivinir nil in n linan lilro dead dragoons on a stricken field. It happened, rather unfortunately, that in tho second letter aftor sho began fox hunting Evelyn described vividly, and with a slighttouch of exaggeration, natural in tbo oiroumotances, ft " clinking run," in wbioh her horso Dixie bad distinguished himself, mentioning, among other things, that there had boen a good many falls, and that ono unhappy stood, having broken bia back at a water jump, had to be shot on the spot. 44 Dear I dear! I am afraid this fox hunt ing is frightfully dangerous," criod Mrs. Bol- loricay distressfully, when sho had read the letter in question to a choson fow of her guests. ,rD&ngerouB; I I should think so," said tho editor of tho Breczct who happened to be one of them. 44 1 havo it on tho best authority that it causes the death of 10 pooplo and fivo horses a wcok the year round. It is a holocaust. It's a relic of feudal barbarity. I'm going to do an editorial about it for my next number, of whioh I shall sand eoflipR tn thn T.nndnn Vimta nnd Saturday Beview . 44 1 really don't know what Evelyn can bo thinking about to run such risks— and me ft widow, and she my only ohild# Dear, dear 1 Why does my sister-in-law allow such goings on? Sho is surely old enough to know hotter— seventy next birthday ! I'll writo and stop it by the very noxt mail, and send her the Braze with your editorial, Mr. Slinger." 44 Next mail !" said Uuclc John solemnly 44 Next mail ! Why the girl may bo killed two or three times over beforo tbo letter reaches her. You must cable, Mrs. Bclloriony." 44 But consider the coat. Five or ten dollars, at tho very least." 44 Consider tho cost when the girl's life ia at stake! Howevor, it's your business, not mine Keep your dollars and loso your child. But I don't envy you your fooling? when you hear sho - has broken her back at a water jump, like that horse alio mentions." This was decisive. After demanding whether Unole John wanted to break her heart, and re lioving her feelings by shedding a fow tears, . Mrs. Bellericay produced paper and a penoil, . and with Mr. Slingcr's bolp a telegram to tho. following citeob was concootcd, and forthwith despatched: — 4 4 Quit that hunting right away or youll get killed.— Mother." Whether owing to the clumsiness of tho, Bosworth operator, to the waggishness of some wioked New Yorker, or a more error of trans . mission, I am unable to say, but when tho message roaohed its destination it read thus ' 44 Quit flat hunting right away, or you'll get spilled. — Mother. " Evelyn could mako neither head nor tail of it ' If the message had come from anybody else sho. might havo suspeoted a joke; but her mother! was the last person in the world to crack jokes at the rate of 30 cents a word. After a while, - howevor, and somo brain cudgelling, she sua cceded in forming a shrewd guess as to tho true' reading of tho riddle. Whatever 4,flab " might mean, the message, as a whole, meant that she was to quit hunting, and as it was improbable that her mother would, uso "spilled" as ft synonym for 44 thrown," she felt protty sure that 44 killed " was meant. Nevertheless, it suited Evelyn to appear' obtnse, and make as though she understood the< telegram in itsHteral signification. So she en closed the document in her next letter home and asked her mother to bo good enough to ex-/ plain what sho meant by 44 fiat hunting." If ' she meant running after young men, Evelya could a8&uro; her that she had neither done nor tbougnt of domg anything of tne sort, and she folt really hurt that her mother should consider . her capable of conduot so unmaidenly and un becoming. Besides, there was no young men to run after at Heatherdown. While, as forgetting; spilled, her horses, Dixie and Doxoy, wero a great deal too olevcr to spill anybody who oould - stick on, and, thank goodnoss, sho could do, that, Then, by way of a clinohor, she added that since receiving tho message (whatover it might , mean) bIig had not been out hunting onoo — the reason being (a fact whiob, however, she omitted to mention) a hard frost thai seemed likoly to last . This letter croated almost as great a sensa- tion atBollcrioay House as if a bomb shell had; dropped through the roof. It was thei ..town's talk for a weok, and the .Breeze made it the. subjcot of a charaoterlstio editorial. 44 Five dollars cloan thrown away, and my - ohild wounded in her tenderest feeling,", cx-. claimed Mrs. Bellcrioay# 41 Why, she's quite, heart broken, and no wondor, poor lamb. Flat hunting, indeed ! Who put that in, I should, like to know ? It WA9 you who took tho message to the office, Mr. Slinger." And then, without listening to the editor's indignant repudiation of the damaging insinua tion, sho turned to Unole Jolin and reproaohed him for having advised the sending of tho message. However, all's well that onds well, and as itrf' none of her subsequent letters did Evelyn say. aught of hunting or mako allusion, thereto, Mrs. Belloricay and her cronies camo to tho con olusion that the cablegram had effected its pur pose, after all, and tbatEvolyn, liko the sensible1 loss she was, had quitted that terrible fox hunt' Ing, so dangerous to lifo and limb. But Evelyn had done nothing' of the sort. Oa tho contrary, Bhe was hunting moro koenly than ever ; aud shortly after tho break up of tho froBt met with an auvonturo wuton nau im portant consequences. At a distant fixture, to whioh sho drove with tho rector, Evelyn observed two or three men' whom she had not seen before. Mr. Waynfleet thought they were officers from tho barracks at Barley. Ono of them singled her out for notice in a way that mado hor teel very uncomfortable. Ho was continually following her with his eyes, whioh wero dark and piere- ing, whilo his skin was fair and his hair ohestnut. His get up was irreprochable— ; Bcarlot coat, in the latest mode, shiny silk haty;-' baggy whito brecchts, patent leather top boots and- gleaming spurs. Evelyn heard soveral peoplo ask who ho was, but nobody seemed to know. ' .-Attcv drawing two covers blank a fox '. . of the right sort was found, which gavo tbcm tt galloping run of 40 minutes over a difficult,- country and died 4Mn the open." . . , „ v"! - .: During the Interlude which followed tbia/ event the dark cye'il stranger, who JmdVHddch.!-' ; in tho first flight, wns introduced by soma. common frler.d to the master,,- and', to Evelyn's;, . surprise presently eAmo up to her, and, raising \- - fait bat, trad stniliag pleasantly, said inter rogatively — ;"Mis Belterioay? I beg pardon, Miss Bel lerleay's niece?" Evelyn bowed. " And I have the honor to be your oousin, Meredith Mozley. Ae I was not sure at to the reception I might meet with I thought It bettor to introduce myself, for which I pray you to hold me excused." "There is nothing to excuse. I am very S leased to make your acquaintance, cousin lereditb," said Evelyn frankly, as they shook bands. " I want to make my aunt's aquaintance, too. I oannot seek her out while I am at Heatherdown ; but beforo I return to Atnerioa X shall certaiuly do so." ' "I am so glad you don't share Miss Boiler! cay's prejudice against people in trade, Miss Evelyn—" " Plenio call me Evelyn. Aren't wo cousins ? Why should I be prejudiced against people in trade? Everybody is in trade hi Boswortb. Be ides, your father is so distinguished." "I don't know about bis being distinguished ; but he is an uncommonly good governor. But for him I should not hold her Majesty's com mission. I have nothing to do with the shop. Evelyn ; but I am neither ashamed of it nor of the old man ; they have made me what I am." " Of course not. Why should you be? In't his position just as honorable at yours — 'Tailor fay special appointment to her Majesty tbe Queen and His Royal Highness the Prince of TOdes?'" " Ho you mean that as a compliment or some thing else?" asked Captain Mozley, who did not seomed so pleased with this'rcfercnoe to his father's connection with royalty as might have been expected. "Asa compliment, of course. It is surely a great distinction to be the Queen's tailor. Does your father go to Windsor of ton?" "Very," replied the captain, with' a merry twinkle in his oyo. "Also to Marlborough House, and as often as not his Royal Highness invites the governor to take pot luck with ' him." - "That is very kind of the Prince; I have heard he is a very nice man," said Evelyn, who could not understand what there was in the remark for her coiisln to laugh at,' 'Thoy rode together for the romainder of the day ; and Meredith told her that as his regiment was now stationed in the neighborhood lie Intended to put in all tho hunting he could, and hoped they should meet often and become good friends. 'Evelyn said ebo was sure tbey would, and when they parted begged him to give her love to his mother. Captain Mozley'a hope was' realised ; tlieybe- came good friends, and it was hot long before be made her acquainted with bis mother. ' The occasion was a lawn meet at & country house. Meredith told Evelyn that he wanted io Intro ducn her to somebody, and led Iier to a well appointed waggonette in which sat three ladies. One was stout, portly and elderly; with a full f&co; and whito hair ; the others were young, rather good looking, and stylishly drowsed. - "My mother and my sisters— " began the . captain, but introduction was superfluous ; they knew eaob other nt sight, and. Evolyn, slipping from her horse, got into lbs carriage, and was warmly embraced and very muob kissed, end they had as long a talk as circumstances permitted— and It is surprising how much talk four womsn can get through in 10 or 15 minutes, especially if they all talk at once. Mrs. Mozley warned Evolyn to say nothing of their meeting to her aunt MAty. "Oh, itscems so sad, "said tho girl. "Can notbiug bo done to put nn end to this estrange ment? Come to Heatherdown ; let me speak to aunt." " I shall not come to Heathordown unless I am asked — never. Ami it is of no ueo whatever speaking to your aunt. You would only vex i her. The attempt has been made repeatedly, and always failed disastrously. No, Mary and i I shall never meet again in this world," said Mrs. Mozley, sadly. "Eveiy advance I have made has been repulsed. I shall make no more." Here the rector came .up, and after exchang ing greetings with Aire. Mozley-' was introduced to her daughters; but beforo the conversation could be resumed tbe bounds were under way, and Evelyn had to mount her horso in haste, after an affeotionate leave taking with her rela tives, whom she did not see again for some time. " : Sport was indifferent that day. Foxes were 'found only to be lost, and at 3 o'clock Evelyn hd tho rector, finding themselves. a long way from Henthetdown; left off, and turned their horses' heads homeward. "So you have made your aunt Beatrice's acquaintance," observed Mr. Waynflset. "I bad not seen her for 15 year?, and I recognised bar only from her wonderful likeness to her mother when alio was about the same age. I bopo your aunt M&ry; won't got to know. It might hurt you." " How could it hurt ms ?" ' "Well, I think— it is ontiroly my own Infer- ace, miud — that she means to adopt you, and perhaps make you her heiress. 'That would be ory .nice for you. " , 'Very, and more than repay the wrong done tb my father." "The wrong done to your fathor?" "Yes. Don't you know that my grandfather disinherited him beoauso he fought for tbe South?" "Oh— ah, yes— of course— I was forgetting that oiroumstanoe," returned the rector, who was far too kind hearted to put tbe girl right as to her father's character. "All the am?, your aunt is absolute owner, and o&n; dis pose of the estate aa she likes." . "And do you think so ill of her as to Buppose that she would think any the worse of me for peaking to her own sister, with whom I havo no differenco, and who is as good a woman as herself? I am going to try to reconcile them, Mr. Waynflaet, and I think I shall succeed." "Well, ,'ponvmy. word, I never heard of such thing/" .You afp a sanguine young woman. .. . t." All tbo same, it is just on the cards," added the parson. "It is just on the cards YoUr aunt js not what she psed to be; she is lens, prejudiced and opiulonated,? and the pre sence of a bright young faoe.-luthe house has made a great difference. If anybody enn do it you can. But you will1 have to wait for a favorable opportunity ; and until it comes I should not say I had met the Mozleys. They aro not what thoy used to be either ; they have made a lot of money, and Mr. Mozley is at tbe head of a large business. It is not as if ho had just one shop and nuasured his own ous tomers." . "I thought he did." "Not he, faith ! He has a fine place in Hert fordshire, lives like a country gentleman,, and only goes to town two or three times a week." "But doesn't he measure the Queen and the Princo of Wales ?" "Tho Queen mid tho Prince of Wales? God bless tho girl, what is she thinking about? Oh, the advertisement— special appointment, eh ?" aid tlio parson, laughing heartily. "That, I fear, is an honor more ornamental than useful. 1 don't know how these things are munogtd ; but I fancy any respectable tailor can obtain a similar nm>ohitment by asking for it, mid pay jog somebody a fee." is all bunkum, then !" said Evelyn, with an air of supreme disgust " No wonder Mere dith looked so queer when I eaid that I thought his father's position as tailor to the Queen was quite equal to his own as an officer iu her Majesty s army." "You said that, did you? Good, good I" ox- olaimed tho parson, laughing more heartily than before, and slapping his thigh in an costasy of delight. Chatter VII. Once, in the month of January, the Bank- shire hounds mot in the Heatherdown country, and late In'thsday ran into Pyramid Wood, where the hunted animal found a safe refuge from his foes, and two others went away simul taneously in opposite directions, to the groat confusion of field and hounds. Horns were blowing, men galloping, and "tallyhoing over," and " tally hoing baok," and what not, nil over the place, aud in the result Evelyn, the captain, and the parson were thrown out. When the hounds did get away thoy were not with them. "This way 1 I think wo can nick in. That will be his point," quoth tho p&rson;, pointing with his whip, and off they went, belter, skelter across a piece of stubble, but they had not gono a furlong when the captain's mare pub her foot into a blind drain, turned a somersault, half rolled over her rider, and ae she got up g Ave him a tap on the side of tbe head which drew blood. Evelyn t-creamod. Mr. Waynflcet pulled up his horse, and slipping out of the aaddlo with the agility of a oircus rider, tan to tho fallen man, who lay like one dead. "It's only a toalp wound," he said, u<dng his pookot handkerchief as a sponge, " and the wind is knocked out of him. My flask, please." Tho rector raised tho onptain's hoad, and, helped by Evelyn, who bad also dismounted, poured some sherry down his throat, wheroupon Mozley sighed, stared, groaned, tried to rise, then fell back and groaned again. "Where are you hurt?" miked Mr. Wayn- fleet. " Every where I think, my leg, my arm, my side." ' The parson, who in bia long lifo had seen many acoidsnts by flood and field, folt Meredith all over. " A contused leg, a broken rib, a broken collar bonennd a broken hesd ; nothing very serious, thank God," ho muttered " Where shall we take him Miss Evelyn ?" "To the Hail, of course." ' " What wUl'your aunt say V " My annt is a Christian woman, Mr. Wayn fleet. 'Sho will receive Meredith into her house, and do for him exaotly what she would do for any other gentleman in similar .circum stances." ' "Very well." Stay ! I have an idea. I have an idea. We will oall hira Captain Meredith simply— nothing more. Then, when he is bettor, and my aunt has got to like him — tbey say you always do get to like people on whom you confer a benefit— we will tell her who he iB." " And a very good idea it- Is. Do you hear, Mozley ? You are Mozley no longer. We are going to take you to Heatherdown Hail, and Introduce you asOsptain Meredith." "All right. I'm in it," said tbo captain, faintly. "Another drop of sherry, Wayn- fleet. "And now we must contrive a stretcher." Mr. Waynfleet directed several yokels, who were looking on, to take a gate off its hinges, and lay on it their ooats and his own covert coat-, using the latter ns a pillow. Tho wounded man was then transferred from tbo ground to thoimprorised litter, which thoyokclsshouldercd and carried Blowly to the Hall, whither Evelyn was already gono. Her aunt eaid she bad done quite right. " My house is always open to geutlomen who are hurt in the hunting field. I will have a room prepared at once and sent for a dootor. Poor fellow ! An officer from Barley, did you say ?" "Yea. His name U Meredith — Captain Mere- dith." "Do you know in what rcgimont?" " I think I beard somebody say the Royal Koothing Rangers." " Formerly the one hundred and fifty-second. Your grandfather's- old regiment. What & re- markable coincidence ! It is really quito providential. Captain Meredith shall have every attention. I do hope he is not seriously hurt," Presently tho patient oamo and was put to bed, and the dootor, when he arrived, oon- firmed the rector's diagnosis. Thero were no Interna! injuries; and though the scalp wound was rather deep, the contusions were not severe ; but for ton days or more Captain Meredith would havo to stay where ho was aud keep very quiet. Ho had rather a bad night, naturally, and stayed in bed all tbe next day ; but on tbe day after that ho was bolpcd into an adjacent dressing room and there, as he loy on tho sofa, was visited by the lrulios, and Evelyn wrote several letter for him. Miss Bollcricay took kindly to her guest from tho first. It seomod as though she could not do enough for him, and before he had been in tho houte a weak confided to Evelyn that she had seldom mst a young man who had impressed her so favorably. "Such a thorough gentleman, yon know, and so bright and intelligent. I wonder who his people aro?" When the oaptain was pronouncod fit to come downstairs he asked Miss Belleriosy whether his mother aud sisters might see hitn. " Of oourse. Say I shall bo delighted to make their acquaintance. Your place is in tbe next county, I believe ?" "Yes, Waterbrook Priory," "Lot ino see? Wasn't that Sir Humphrey Clutterbuck's place?" "Yes, my father bought it a short time ago." " Aud tho estate?" " And tho estate." " Dear me ! These Merediths must bo rioh," thought Miss Bellericay. Two days later the three ladies, with whom Evelyn had born carrying on an aotivo corres pondence, arrived at Heatherdown Hall, and were shown Into tho drawingroom by Phippo who was In ths plot " Mrs. Meredith, Mis Meredith, Miss Alison Meredith," aunouueed the butler. The captain was reclining in an espy chair. Miss Bellerlcay on one aide of him, Evelyn on the other. The girls had no sooner been intro duced to tho ladies of . the houso than thsy rushed to their brother aud nearly smothered him with kissts. "I thonkyou with all my heart for being so good to my boy. Miss Belleu'oav, it was inuced very kind of yon to receive him " into your house," and as she spoko Mrs. Mozley raised her veil, whereupon Miss Bcllericay turned deadly pale, and started as if she h&d; sccu a ghost. "Who— who arc you?" sho oriod. "That face, that face — Oh, pardon mr, hut you are so like my mother, Mrs. Meredith, so like—" " Like our mother, Mary." " No, no, it is imposiblo j you cannot be—" " I arn indeed your sister, I did not thiuk ever to see you again. But you have entertained my son unawares, and treated him ns your own, for witioh God bless you, Mary, and I. am oomc to thank you aud make a last appeal in the name of our mother, whom you say I resemble, for a xenowal of our friendship." "But how — I don't understand — you marriod a Mr. Mozley — this gentleman calls himself Meredith," exclaimed MissBellericoy, who was ovhlently laboring under great excitement. "That was my doing, aunt" said Evelyn. " His name is Meredith Mozley ; but I wantod you to know him before you found out be was your nophew. Also, the coming of Aunt Bent- rice is my doing ; for I felt sure that if you mot ones more, faoe to face, in the presence of her children, who arc as near akin to you an I am, and she appealed to you in the name of Him who bade all who lovod Him to love ofie another you could not refuse to be reconciled." " And there is another reason for reconcilia tion," observed Mrs. Mozley, "those two havo thought fit to fall in love." " Evelyn, is this true ? Was it kind to keep it from mo?" " I bnvo not kept it from you long, Auntie dear. We only made it up yesterday. And as you said yourself that he was the nicest, brightest, anil best young man you over met, I thought it would bo all right, you know. I am in no hurry to be married, though I daresay Meredith would like to bo some time ; but only with your blessing and consent, dear Auntie," and tbe girl put her arme round dear auntie's neck and half smothered her withkisnos. " You will give it ; now ray you will give it 1" " I give it— you have won," murmured Miss Bellericay, in a broken voioe. "Forgive me, Beatrieo, and may God forgive me also for being bo hard. And don't think I hove been happy. Oonsoionco has often prioked me, especially of lato ; but pride conquered conscience, and now, nature ana this dear child have conquered pride. I thank heaven for putting it into my mind to send for her, and into bars to bring you bers, Boatrice." "And I thank heaven for putting it into Topsy's head to turn a somersault," mused the captain. " But for that I doubt whether it would havo come off, after all." (The End.) 