THE MU11CUI SON RE-VISITED, [SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOB TUB " EXPRESS' RY F. C. B. VOSPEH.] IXIII.] THE LAKE AUSTIN DISTRICT. At the close of «»y ; last article I incidentally mentioned a small buggy accident at Mount Magnet. Since then I have come to consider myself a veritable Jonah among carriages. En route from the Magnet to the Island we had the felicity of being driven by Bill Collins, who runs hie brother Jack very close for . the premier position on the road as a " whip." Accidents will happen, however, and nobody could be blamed when we had the further happiness of a breakage of the axle. Luckily it was detected in time to prevent our being thrown out, and the only evil result was the trouble of walking to Ned's Well, a distance of about twelve miles. Mr. H. R. Williams aud myself turned out to be the beet pedestrians, and we arrived at Ned's Well in sufficient time to buy up and consume most of the provisions before our fellow-passengers came along. Tiicnce a buggy was sent back for the mails, and after some delay we were brought on to the Island. Arriving there, we found the place in a mild ferment over, first, the lamentable death of its most respected resident, Pat Philbin ; second, over the decease of a resident who wasn't respected at all, and whose death proved him to have been a miser of the deepest and cheapest dye ; and, last, two robberies had occurred, and people were alarmed lest these were the precursors of an epidcmic of theft, while on the following day a specimen valued at £40 was picked up on the surface near the Sham-, rock by a working miner. So that, small as the place was, there was no necessity to complain of dullness. For the benefit of the many people who have never seen this paradoxical Island, which, like that which Sancho Pnnza was sent to govern, is situated in the midst of dry land—and rather drier land than usual, at that—a few brief words of description are necessary. Lube Austin, then, is one of those immense sheets of salt and sand which dot the interior of Western Australia, and serve to give maps of the country a deceptively hennid appearance. This particular lake is known to cover some hundreds of square miles, and is probably of very great size, as the eastern end has never been explored, and the view in this direction is clways blocked by mirage, which gives the impression of a boundless sea stretching away towards the rising sun, which, like all water effects in this superlatively arid region, is merely a delusion and a snare, and not to be regarded of any man. This vast expanse has its beaches, bays, gulfs, harbors and creeks, its points, headlands, promontories, peninsulas, and innumerable islands ; in short it lias all the adjuncts of an inland sea except the water, whi«h has long ngo vanished, leaving behind it a melancholy waste of shining salt, sometimes transfigured by the sun into «?parkling mirages, ghosts of the dead and lost waters. The most promi- nent of the islets in which this strange sea abounds is named distinctively " The Island," or, as some of its more enthusiastic and poetic inhabitants love to say, the " Island of <*old." And the last name is not misapplied, for not only has the Island produced a vast quantity of the precious yellow dross, but it very closely resembles that vision of the old buccaneers of the Spanish Main who were ever seeking the fabled city and island of El Dorado, which was said to exist in the midst of Lake Parana. Here, In Western Australia, the dream is realized, and we have all the accessories as well as the actualities of the famous fiction for which so liitmy brave men lost their lives in the grand old Elizabethan age. The Island consists of a bold ridge of slates and ironstones, rising above the level of the lake to about 200 ft. in height. It is about three miles long, and perhaps one broad. It is the site of a town, recently surveyed, which is to be known as "Austin," s<) nttuied after Mr. Richard Austin, the discoverer of the great lake which also hears his name. The Island is intersected by several lines of reef, and has also been the source of a large quantity of alluvial gold, being the only place, perhaps, in Western Austudia where the alluvial follows a distinct u lead' or channel, as it does i»t Bailarat and other Eastern fields. The Golcotida, Austin, Orient, Chicago, and other celebrated mines are upon this island, and the reefs may be roughly described as being exceedingly rich but very, very patchy. Good consistent crusliings -ire rare, rich patches followed by barren internals frequent. The inhabitants of the Island are for the most part scattered around the two big mines—the Golconda and the Austin, but now the new townsite has been surveyed, a general migration will, of course, take place. The new site is situated close to the lake shore on a level piece of ground ; and although more convenient of approach and easier to walk over, I do not think that the Inlanders will benefit by the change, as their immediate proximity to the glaring sand of the lake will be damaging to the eyesight and injurious to the general health. However, the people are agitating for a hospital, which shows that their prophetic instincts are in good working oidi*r, and that if the administration insist upon !hc people acquiring the fever, they mus*. pay for the luxury. Reverting to -the mines, I first visited TH E GOLCONDA GOLD MINES, wl'icli comprise a series of blocks totalling 57 acres in area, held by an English coui pany called the " Gok-ouda Gold Mines, Ltd " I was very courteously receive 1 by Mr. Benson, the manager, who showed me over the surface works and also exhibited some magnificent specimens rc cently taken out of the mine. Permission to go bolow was refused, as is usually lies case with these English concerns, who apparently "do good by stealth, and blush to" find it in the newspapers. I shall have a few remarks to make about this peculiarity at the close of this article for which I reserve them, as £ do net wi«h to point tjO any mine in particular. I was tola by Mr. Benson that there is a reef running through the ground from north to south, on which vertical shaft is down 145 iu. rum whit-li are cut a variety of crosscuts, di ivi;-, « inze*, &<•., necessary tor the •lluiciu Wwiking of the mine. At what appeared to ine to be an unnecessary distance from the shaft is a ten- head battery, fitted with Challenge self-feeders, and worked by a 30-h.p. engine, while the winding engine at the shaft is of 12 h'.p., and performs its haulage over a pair of shear legs. Each engine Is fitted with a surface condenser, and there is also a marine-condenser oa the ground of the latest and most approved pattern as used in the Royal Navy. These machines are rendered neccssary by the circumstance that fresh water is unobtainable at the Island, as ut parts of theCoolgardie fields. The water obtained from the mine and lake is intensely salt, and Is also impregnated with other dense minerals, such as magnesium, gypsum, and others. By evaporation, the Golconda water leaves a residue of 28 oz. of solid matter to the gallon, and is therefore quite unfit for either boiler or battery purposes. A very complete retorting and smelting furnace and assay laboratory completes tlie surface arrangements (together with the necessary pumps) the \\*nole of the apparatus being supplied by the Sandycioft Foundry (England). There has as yet been no cleaning up, and what the result may be it is quite impossible to guess, more especially us the strict exclusion from the shaft renders it impossible to form any opinion concerning the stone going through. When I was last in these regions, two years ago, I was shown over the Golconda workings, and the impression then formed was that the reef was rich, but patchy and unreliable. Subsequent events have verified this opinion, for while small quantities have yielded enormous and phenomenal returns, bulk parcels crushed have not been so conspicuously successful. This circumstance makes investment in the property purely a speculation, and in 110 sense an investment. Like everything else hereabouts the Golconda ia vastly overcapitalized, and whether it will even pay adequate returns on the capital Is open to doubt. Of course it is always possible that a huge shoot or pocket may bo struck which will return the whole total of the capital, but, on the other hand, it is even more probable that the great bulk of tho reef will be comparatively barren, relieved here and there by small but superlatively rich dabs. Of course this is an impression formed two years ago, which the 1 history of the mine since has seemed to confirin ; but if matters are any different now it is the Company's fault and not mine that it is not so recorded. Time will toll, and it is pretty safe to predict that the first crushing or so will be rich, whatevei those that follow may be. Adjoining this mine on the north is tho territory of THE AUSTIN G.M, CO., LTD. which consists of 45 acres, comprising the Evening Star, Golden Gate, Austin Lease,, and Mons Meg. Here, as at the Gol conda, the contents of the mine are a sealed book, the Directors being apparently determined that if they know nothing about the mine nobody else shall either. I regret to say that the Austin bears an unsavory reputation locally. At the time of my visit there were events which gave strength and currency to sinister rumors. In the first place a new manager had been appointed, a Mr. Williams, from Victoria. There was nothing in this but the fact that the resident director of the mine absented himself two days before Mr. Williams* arrival, and that his (Mr. Williams') predecessor also left on the very day that gentleman came to hand, caused ^ some comment, more especially as Mr. Williams was apparently left without instructions, almost all work having ceased upon his arrival. Little or nothing was doing when I visited the mine, and this capital with the intense secrecy which had been observed with regard to the two last crusliings, had caused a very palpable feeling of discomfort and distrust. This is always tlie case—whatever is secret is distrusted, justly or otherwise. Mr. Williams treated iue in a very friendly manner, and showed me all he is permitted to reveal to the lan llords of the mine—the long-eared and long-suffering public*. THE AUSTIN LEASE is an irregularly shaped block of 23 acres said to contain two reefs running north and south, and dipping to the westward. These have been sunk to the depths of 150 ft. and 60 ft. respectively. Tho eastern reef on which the deep shaft is down Is fitted with poppet heads and a 14 in. winding engine and Cornish pump, and a drive is being made to connect it with the shaft on tlie western reef. THE EVENING STAB adjoins this block oh the south, and is also irregular in form- Through it an oast and wes't reef is said to run, with a northerly dip. This has been sunk upon to a depth of 170 ft upon the underlay. At the mouth of this shaft there is visible a big body of haematite ore. To the west of tho Austin is the GOLDEN GATE, upon which is a shaft down 60 feet, and a large open cut, revealing an immense mass of ironstone conglomerate, which lias yielded from time'to time immense dollying returns. To the north of this lease is the MONS MEG, through which two reefs are said to run t each explored to a depth of 40 feet. To the west, and close to the Inke shore, Is a 10-hcad buttery, fitted with the newest appliances, hut which was idle when I saw it. In this battery there is an electric light installation, with a dynamo capablc of developing 120 volts„ which can be translated into an illuminary power of 700 candles. The water obtained on tho property is exceedingly salt, the proportion of solid matter being as high as 33-ws. to the gallon. Water for the battery is brought across the lake by piping a distance of two miles, where it is raised from a well by a windmill puuip This water is unfit to drink, being impregnated with ulkili, but is ftiillicit'11% clear for battery and boih'r purpose*. It in stored on tho ground in two large tanks, having capacities respectively <>f 25,000 and 10,000 gallon*. This iu all that can bo said respecting this large property, and I can pass no opinion regarding its merits. I am glad to be able to record the fact that Mr. Williams, the new manager, who ia a man of long and varied experience, thinks very well of the property under his charge, which uiftj be a couifort to all concernod. 