Small Debts' Court. MONDAY, November 4th, 1895. (Before the Police Magistrate.) Estate of G. Skardon v. T. Gleeson.— £1 143 6d claimed for goods, — Mr. J. Knapp, who appeared in support of the claim, stated that Gleeson had admitted the debt, but the summons had been served on the wife in the street. The Bench ruled that this was not sufficient, and a fresh summons was ordered to issue. W. T. Bonnor v. J. Sloggett.— £2 11s 7d claimed for goods. — Verdict for plaintiff. E. J. Curran v. T. F. Bell.— £4 claimed as balance of dishonored promissory note. —Verdict for plaintiff. Kelk and Beer v. J. J. Smyth.— £7 19s 4d claimed on dishonored promissory note. —Verdict for plaintiffs, for whom Mr. Thompson appeared. W. H. Hudson and Co. v. J. J. Smyth. — £1 4s yd claimed for goods.— Verdict for plaintiff. National Advocate v. J. J. Higgins.— £4. 2s 11d claimed for newspaper subscription. — £3 was paid on account subsequent to the issue of summons. The Police Magistrate said that the ac- count before him shewed that it was out- side the jurisdiction of the court, as the items shewed the debt to have been partly incurred in 1891. He had previously sub- mitted the case to the Crown Law Officers and the reply he received was that it would be a splitting of the cause of action and this could not be done. Mr M'Phillamy said he had given de- fendant credit on the first amount, and he would withdraw that. The Police Magistrate said that he could not eliminate the amount from the plaint now, and he could not abandon the claim. It would be an illegality to allow this even by consent, although the claim had been continuous. It was a point which should be considered, and he would postpone judgment. Same v..D. Gallagher. £4. 7s.— This was also a claim for subscription, and dated back to 1891. Defendant had written in July last acknowledging the debt but the P.M. preferred to postpone his decision. Same v. P. C. Turner. £2 10s for work done.— Verdict for plaintiff. Same v. J. T. H. Young. £3 16s claimed.— Verdict for plaintiff. Same v. B. Armstrong. £3 7s 6d claimed for subscription. — £3 was paid on account. The Police Magistrate said he would adjourn the decision. — Mr. McPhil- lamy said that when paying the amount defendant promised to pay the balance. Same v. John T. Piper.— £4. 4s 6d claimed for subscriptions. — Verdict for plaintiff. Same v. John and W. Willis. — £2 11s 2d claimed for subscription ; the court fees amounted to 18s for bailiff fees.— £2 14s 2d was paid into court and a verdict for the remainder was returned. Mr. Ryan, Managing Director of the Company, proved the debts. Mr. McPhillamy appeared for the Advocate. J. B. Tonkin v. Joseph Simpson.— £4 9s 10s claimed for goods.— Verdict for plaintiff. Same y. George Starr. — £6 9s 10d claimed for goods. — Verdict for - plaintiff . same v. Robert Kerr. — £2 6s 11d claimed for goods.— Verdict for plaintiff. Mr. McPhillamy appeared for plaintiff in these and the debts were proved by Mr. Patrick Parker, clerk in plaintiff's employ. L. Edgley and Co.v.J. J. Smyth — £4 15s 7d claimed for goods.— Verdict for plaintiff. J. Meagher and Co. v. J. J. Smyth— £7 us 6d dishonored promissory note and interest,— Verdict for plaintiffs. R. D. Robertson v. George Montgomery. £4 17s 6d claim for goods. — Verdict for plaintiff. Tames Dewar v. James Davis. €s claimed for goods. — The Police Magis trate said that the affidavit of service was insufficient and he could not go on with the case. H. P. Craig v. James Simpson. £4. 10s 2d claimed on goods sold — Verdict for plaintiff. National Advocate v. Antoni Ganonf, Tames Petitt, Edward J. Shindlair, Richard J. Doyle, John Maloney, A. R. Amos and William Tooley. Defendants, as members of the Eight-hour Demonstration, were sued for damage done to a printing machine, £5 17s 6d being claimed. . ? Mr. McPhillamy appeared for plaintift and Mr. Thompson for defendants. Mr, McPhillamy, in opening the case, said that in 1894 the Eight-hour Commit: tee applied to Mr. Ryan for the loan of a machine to take part in the procession. Mr. Ryan consented after consulting his directors, providing it was returned with care, pointing out that it would take six mejn to lift it. The machine was returned by a man and two boys. In unloading the machine was broken. j The P.M. asked who was the responsible party. Mr. McPhillamy : The members. of the Committee.- ? ? ? - -. '?? * The P.M.: Who applied for the machine. -» , . ,:?;?? V\ 1 Mr. McPhillamy : Mr. Doyle, secretary. ' Mr. Thompson said that he did not admit damage, and according to Mr. McPhil lamy, six of the defendants must be non suited. Mr. McPhiilamy argued that according to the Act any or all members of an in corporated company carrying on business were sueable. ? Mr. Thompson said the Bench should not consider this seriously as the defend ants were not an incorporated company which was carried on for profit. This r.nmmirtpfi vaaa fnrmfirt evp.rv vnar tn r.arrv out' a demonstration. As to the other point : If Mr. Doyle went behind the back of bis committee they would not be re sponsible, and any agreement must be in writing. The Police Magistrate said that Doyle was the party responsible. . : Mr. Thompson said the plaintiff might have sued the whole town, a9 some of the defendants were not on the committee in 1894- . The Bench said they would hear evidence. ? Patrick Vincent Ryan, deposed: I am Managing Director of the National Advocate; prior to the eight-hour demon stration Mr. Doyle came to the office and asked, as Secretary, if he could have a machine for the demonstration ; be came prior to the 1st October when the demonstration was held ; be said his com mittee were in a fix through not being able to get a machine to take part ingthe demonstration ; they could not get a machine from any other office in town, and he was deputed to ask if the company would lend a machine as they had done previously ; said it was pretty cool on their part remembering the way they had treated the company before, but if they did lend it it would be on conditions that it would be removed and replaced without cost to the company and returned in gooJ order and condition ; he said ' We will agree to that ;' I said I had no objec tion to lend it, but I would write him after seeing my directors ; I wrote to Doyle as secretary ; Mr. Doyle then came to see me and I pointed out that the machine was very heavy and would require 5 or 6 men to handle it safely, and I would not agree to it going out of the yard unless they under took to send six men to remove the machine ; this they did, and when the pro cession reached the Show Ground gates it was to be brought back immediately; Doyle said that one of the members of tne committee would take charge of it and he would see that a proper number of men came back with it, aud that it was taken off without damage; Mr Christian was the name he mentioned; on the morning of the procession I saw Doyle again at the Advocate office and I repeated the instructions ; he referred me to Christian ; several members of the committee came with the trolly j do not know which of the defendants were there ; when they took the machine away I again told the driver and Christian that it would require six men to replace the machine and unless they agreed to this 1 would re fuse to let it leave the yard ; Christian replied 'Oh that is alUight. I will see that six men come back;' I saw the machine in the procession : I next saw it lying on a platform with a crank broken ; this was about two hours after it was taken away ; I wrote to Doyle immediately pointing out the damage ; I afterwards srw him on the Show Ground and told him that the machine was broken, and he agreed that bis committee were respon sible for the damage ; I pointed out that we wanted the machine at once and must get it repaired ; he replied ' Very well, you get a duplicate crank made and send in your account to the committee ;' I then had some temporary repairs done by Mr. Johnson as it would take a week to get the duplicate ; these repairs cost £1 ; we have not had a new crank, but claim the value. ~ Mr. Thompson : Then why commence the action. The P.M. : This is a claim for debt. .. Mr. Thompson : The money should first have been paid and then the claim made. We don't care if it cost £'50 we arc not responsible. Witness : The new crank, with freight, would be £4 173 6J and we paid Johnson £1 ; told Doyle what it would cost and on his suggestion got an estimate from a local engineer ; he examined the machine and said he could not do it ; I told Doyle this afterwards ; I have spoken to some of the defendants; Pettitt said he thought the thiag should be settled ; Maloney said the same. ..'?.'.;?-.. Mr. Thompson : That is the pass word. The P.M.: Did he say--by whom it should be settled. Witness : I was speaking about the committee ; iu reply to the claim for the £5 17s 6d received a letter from the secre tary stating that if I sent in my claim for £1 he thought it might be paid ; I then placed the matter in the hands of our solicitor; the letter was signed by Mr. Amos. ..'..'? To Mr. Thompson : There was no ad mission of liability in that letter; the machine was not sent out as an advertise ment for tho office; we had sent a ma chine out before, but a crank was not broken ; this was a couple of years before; one of our employees, a lad 16 or 17 years of age, was on the trolly; he was not in charge of the machine ; he had a day off for the purpose, but on account of the committee requesting it he worked the machine ; they had not a man to work it themselves ; I understood Wallace could work the machine ; the machine was broken in the Advocate yard ; I saw Pettit in our office ; I knew he was a trustee ; any mftnbers of the committee I met were met casually ; I only wrote to Doyle be cause he was secretary ; I first suggested that he should get a duplicate crank, and he then said I should enquire as to the cost ; I should like to know where Christian is; I know Mr Williams and told him that if we were compelled to send the crank to Sydney it would take six days and we would charge the committee in addition to the damage; I might have said this would' amount to £50; I have not brought this claim because of illfeeling towards the committee ; the machine was being worked and ' dodgers' struck off in the street ; cannot say whether the com mittee purchased and presented them selves with medals from the surplus funds'. Mr Thompson : This shews your sweet feeling. Witness: If it was illfeeling against them I would have refused them the loan of the machine ; we waited 13 months be fore sueing. . ' To -the Police Magistrate : One or two defendants were trustees; no committee can act without trustees who hold the funds. ? ...''-..' Mr. Thompson : You do not charge anything for that opinion ? Who holds the trustees ? Witness : The trustrees were not mem bers of the committee. Mr. Thompson : This is not a trading company. Mr. McPhillamy : They trade in medals Mr. Thompson : This comes with bad taste from. you, sacond hand. It was from ill-feeling on Mr. Ryan's part that this was resurrected in order to throw mud at these men. Witness, to Mr. Thompson fit is over eight years since the medals were pur chased. Mr. Thompson : Then why go to the graveyard and try and resurrect them. To the. Bench : I cannot give the names of the committee but from the newspaper : reports. ' 1 Nelson Paget Whitelocke, editor of the National Advocate, deposed : Prior to the 8-hour Demonstration of 1894 I saw Mr. Doyle in the office talking to Mr. Ryan. Mr. McPhillamy: Do you remember the conversation. Witness : The tenor of it. Mr. Thompson : Now you are suing for a "fiver" of it. Witness: Mr. Doyle importuned Mr. Ryan to lend the committee the machine for the demonstration ; I heard him dis- tinctly say he came on behalf of the 8-hour Committee ; it was understood that the machine should be returned in good order ; there was nothing in writing. William Pratt, one of the staff, deposed that he saw Mr. Doyle before the proces- sion, and he said there would be no danger to the machine as they would send the necessary number of men to put it on the trolly, and the same men would return with the machine and put it in the same place they took it from ; he said this was the agreement he made with Mr. Ryan. Mr. Thompson urged that under the Statute of Frauds the plaintiff could not recover, as the agreement was not in writing. They could not succeed without the minute book. The Police Magistrate said that there was insufficient proof of the formation of the committee. It would be necessary to prove who were the committee, and he suggested that Mr M'Phillamy should ac- cept a non-suit on these grounds. Mr M'Phillamy said that he could have sued all the committee but he preferred to go against those who were worth powder and shot. Mr Thompson said that if Mr Ryan had been foolish enough to make a bad bargain without due care he must bear the respon- sibility. Mr M'Phillamy said he would call fur- ther evidence. Norman Stephens, one of the staff, deposed : When the machine was put on the trally it was in good order; I was there when it was brought back ; Mr Miller and two young fellows brought the machine back ; six or seven put it on the trolly ; they were Mansell, Wallace, Christian, Doyle and others ; I think Doyle was outside ; when I saw the machine after it was taken off it had the crank broken. To Mr Thompson : Pfahl went away with the machine and worked it on trolly ; he was employed by the office. P. V. Ryan, re-called : The machine was in good order when it was taken taken away. To Mr. Thompson : Ever since the machine has been repaired it has worked all right through not as well as previously. Edward Joseph Shindlair, one of the defendants, was called. Mr. Thompson asked if he could be called tn give evidence against himself. He was not going to call him as a witness. The Police Magistrate said that he was one of the parties and could not give evidence. Witness : I was not a member of the committee in 1894. The Police Magistrate said that as no further proof of the formation of the com- mittee he must non-suit all the others ex- cept Doyle. . Mr McPhillamy asked for a non-suit in all the cases. He would bring it forward next court. Mr Thompson asked for costs on behalf of the other defendants. The Police Magistrate thought they should not apply for costs in such a case. Mr Thompson said there was not a ghost of a case against the defendants Mr. McPhillamy said Mr. Thompson would not apply for costs in such a case. Mr. Thomson : Which was for Mr. Ryan's amusement. Mr. Ryan : Perhaps for Mr. Thompson's profit. . Mr. McPhillamy : They must admit that they were members of the committee, and now tried to get rid of their responsi- bility. Mr. Thompson said he would prove that they were not, and Shindlair was at Root Hor. Mr. Ryan to Shindlair : Where you not at the annual meeting ? Mr. Thompson : You hold your tongue, Mr. Ryan. Mr. McPhillamy can talk for you. It would be an outrage not to allow casts. The plaintiffs should keep the miserable machine at home, and not have it carted round the town like any circus show. The Police Magistrate said he considered Doyle was responsible for the whole amount if the evidence was true. Mr. Thompson said that negligence should be proved. The P.M. granted the non-suit against the six defendants and the case against Doyle proceeded. John W. Percival deposed that only three were on the trolly when the machine was returned— a man and two boys; they turned the machine on its side and the wheel caught on the cart and the crank snapped. To Mr Thompson: Six put it on— Doyle, Christian, Gregg, Wallace, Mansell and the carter. To the Bench : When they brought the machine back I refused to have anything to do with it as the power to remove it was not sufficient ; I had nothing to do with taking it off. William Pratt deposed that the carter brought the machine back by himself ; he said the men refused to come back and and help him ; he backed the trolly into the yard and wanted our men to help him ; I told him we would take no responsi- bility and he threatened to take it to Evans Plains; he went out and brought in a couple of youths ; they turned the machine on its side and, were sliding it off the trolly when the flywheel snapped and the crank broke; the machine was left on the waggon. To Mr Thompson : The machine was brought back all right but the carter said the men would not come back to help unload. For the defence : — Frederick Pfahl, deposed that he was engaged on the Advocate on Eight-Hour Day, 1894 ; only four men could get at the machine to lift it ; when it was brought back Percival and Cameron — two em- ployees — helped the carter to unload it ; I was placed in charge of the machine by Mr. Ryan with instruction to prevent any one from interfering with it while on the trolly. To the Bench : I had nothing to do with the return of the machine ; after the shaft was repaired the machine worked as well as ever. Walter Wallace, compositor, deposed : I assisted to load the machine ; there were six or seven men in the room but only four helped to put the machine on the trolly ; any more would be in the road ; was not there when it was brought back; Doyle was not there when loading ; he was in the street when we drove out. Richard Joseph Doyle, defendant, de- posed : I was not present when the machine was loaded ; did not give anyone authority to unload ; gave no undertaking for anyone to look after the machine ; do . . not remember Ryan asking me to under- take responsibility in the return of the machine. To Mr. McPhillamy : In the face of evidence given to-day I swear I did not undertake any responsibility, either on my own account or for anybody else; do not remember making any arrangements for its return ; the driver of the trolly usually takes it back ; this was done in previous years ; received a note about the machine being taken back and broken and I sent a message to have it taken off the trolly. Mr Thompson urged that plantiffs were not entitled to succeed. The claim was against the Eight Hour Demonstration for damage. Doyle was not responsible for this as the account had been made out against a body of men and it was not now right that the case should be shifted and fixed upon Doyle, and if a non-suit was granted against six of the defendants it should also be granted against Doyle. One startling fact was that the claim was made for an amount not yet due, either for assessment of damages or for any other cause. The plaintiff had come into the court in a slipshod way, and no case needed to ba more particularly proved than one of damages. They had not shown that any of the amounts had been paid. If Mr. Ryan, as a provident man, had failed to obtain a written undertaking as to responsibility he could not now claim for damage. This re- diculous action should never have been brought. It was untidy in every respect, and the plaint did not disclose the cause of action and the plaintiff would not be compromised by being nonsuited. The Police Magistrate held that Doyle was personally responsible and it had not been shown that he had authority to pledge others. He had no doubt that he had undertaken the responsibility and would return a verdict against Doyle for the amount claimed. As to the matter of costs for defendants he must admit that sufficient care was not taken in the first instance to ascertain who was responsible. They were therefore entitled to expenses. Mr. McPhillamy said that some were master men and they should surely not be allowed expenses. After their defence to- day they had conscience enough for any thing. He would apply for costs for his witnesses. The Police Magistrate granted costs as under : Whitelocke 7s 6d, Pratt 5s, Per- cival 2s 6d, Stephens 5s, Ryan 10s, for plaintiffs. For the defendants who 'were non-suited expenses were allowed : Gan- noni 9s, Pettit 10s, Maloney 7s, Tooby 7s 6d Amos 7s 6d, Shindlair 5s. 