NEWS OF THE DAT. Id this week's issue of The Leader the illustrations include several interesting photo graphic views of tho . Kight Honrs proccB- aiou, and a sketch of the Royal Ilortioul- tural Show. A number of admirable views arc given of scenery in Kastorn Gipps land, including Mallacoota Inlet, the islands at tho Entrance, the Benison River, tho mining operations iu tho locality, and tho bridge over the Snowy River at Orbost. There is also a portrait of the Rev. H. R. Hawaii, the well known preacher and lecturer, whoso course of lectures commences on Monday next. When the conference of Railway Commis sioners on the intercolonial border rate question adjourned last week it was expected that pro ceedings would be rosumed to-day or to-morrow. In the iutorval, Mr. Fohon, of Sydney, and Mr. Smith, of Adelaide, returned to their head quarters to consult their fellow commissioners, aud wheu they return to Molbourne they are to state whether the proposals of Victoria are acceptable. A mossago has been received from Mr. Fehan that he oannot get back to Mel bourne this week, and tho Victorian commis sioners accordingly scut to Mr, Smith to arrange for a meeting uoxt week. The confercnco will probably be rouimad on Tuesday afternoon, when it is expected that the other colonies will bo preparod with a definite answer. Evidence of great interest and importance, as illustrating the manner in whioh the work at the Spottiswoodo tunnel, under the Yarra has been carried on, was given yostorday at tho opening of tho inquests into the deaths of the six unfortunate men who were drowned on the evening of Good Friday. Tho inquiry is being couducted at tho Williamatown I police court beforo the distriot coroner, Mr. Candler. Tho witnesses examined were Evan Davis, the braceman who assisted to t&ko; the iron segments into the air . lock just beforo the aooident happened ; Hunry. Hoare, the fitter, whoso duty it was to place them in position ; 0. Smith, the forom&n; fitter, and John Watson, an inspeotor of the Metropolitan Board of Works, who were also in tho lock ; R-ch&rd; Johnson, the eugine driver, and C. A. Oliver, superintending sewerage engineer. Some of the evidence shed considerable light on the manner in whioh the air lock was used. Hoare, the fitter, stated that when be' went for the segment ho was half an hour away, during whioh time the door of tho lock was open. If, in the meantime, the men in tho face had tried to got out thoy could not have succeeded. Watson asserted, and was supported in this view by Davis, that even if the door leading into the air face bad been opened, the men inside could not have got out owing to two trucks completely filling up the air lock from door to door. Watson also stated that whan ho looked through the window iuto the air face just beforo the aooidont bo saw tho men, some of whom were standing, whiUt'others were sitting down as if at "crib." Tho inquiry was adjourned until to-morrow at 10 a.m., in the Footsoray police court. This morning the jury will inspect the air lock. . In dealing with the organisation and expendi ture in connection with the Agricultural depart ment it has transpired that the retrenchment committee reoominendsd that tho amountplaced on the estimates for expenditure on the Viticul- tural Board should be struok out. There is no objootion to a viticultural board holding moorings and advising ths Minister of Agricul ture concerning matters which afTect that industry, but it ought to bo done without involving the Government in expense. Tho oommittee, however, does not regard the work of ' the board as of any practical value, and suggests that auy service which is performed by the board in furthering the viticultural industry might he oqually well done by the Department of Agriculture. The committee also 'considered the question as to ths functions discharged by tho. Council of Agricultural Education, and while not making any definite recommendation, it has boon sug gested fur the consideration of the Premier whether tho counoil might not be abolished and the colleges be placed under the control of the Minister of Agriculture. The view entertained by a largo section of the agricultural community that the duties of the council might be performed by the Department of Agriculture has the full sympathy of tho retrenchment committee, aud it is also felt that the existence of a board with largo administra tive and spending powers— tho council lays out nearly £9000 per annum— without the slightest responsibility either to Parliament or to any State department, is an anomaly whioh ought to bo suppressed. It is probable that a bill deal ing with the council will bo submitted to Parliament next session. Another board has also come under the ban of the retrenchment com mittee. In reporting on the Customs depart ment, tho committee recommends the abolition of tho uioless and expensive Marine Board and the trausfer of its functions to tho depart ment In the future management of the Cus toms branch of tho service, it is suggested that the work of the department should be divided into two classes— one dealing with marine matters, the control of ports and harbors, fisheries, &c.;, and the other collecting customs and excise duties. It would bo in tbc former of these two branches that the work of tho Marino Board would be included, and the board as a separate institution would be dls ponsed with. Relative to the question of retrenchment in the Government printing department tho retrenchment committee will probably come fo the eonolusion that £11,000 can be wiped off the vote for the supply of paper, .type and other material for tho next financial jy'ear. ' It is likoly also that the amount whjc|i appears on the estimates for the employmou.p.i'/pasual hands, about £10,000, will disappear, u. In order to effect the latter saving a great deal of work now done in the Government Printing Offioe will be let by contraot, and an appreciable saving will be eifcoted in regard to muoh of the unolesi printing of verbatim transoriptn of evi- donqptfou)jy committees and commissions, The Government Printing Office ought' to show a saving uoxt finauoial year of at least £25;ooo;v'-:o A great deal has been Raid of late by persona intcrcstsd from otto motive or anothor in bring ing down railway freights about the groat saving ofFeotml by cattle owners who travelled stock by road to tho market instead of forward ing by triiln. Thero seems to bo little more than bombast in those representations. An Interesting comparative tost of the two systems has just boon made by Mr. Tyson, of Cowwarr, and the results of tho experiment have been com- munioatod to the railway authorities. It was arranged that two drafts of cattle from the same herd should he sent- away so as to arrivo at tiro market at the same time, one by road and tho other by rail, and thoy wero sold at Urit week's nale.1. There were 23 head sent by rail, and these brought £190 17s. 6d., or an average of £8 Gs. Tho railway freight was 10.. each, so that tho net result was £7 16.s. per head. Tho draft sent by road numbered 24, which Rold for £185, or £7 14s. 2d. averngo. Tho cost of droving was 5s. per head, giving n net return of £7 9 a. 2d. Thus, the oattlo carried by rail wero lnudcd in suoli a condition — apart from tho saving of timo on tho journey— as to realise 6i. KM. each more than thoso sent by rond. In the form of a special supplement of the Government Gazette the first supplementary roll of teachers employed in the Education depart mont after the passing of tho Reclassification of Softools Act has been issued. It npponrR that there aro 13 sohoola formerly in tho firnt olass which are now placed in the second, 10 in the second have bean reduced ' to the third, 16 in tho third reduced to the; fourth, 31 in the fourth reduced to tho fifth, $7$Jp the fif'tlt, put into tho new sixth olass, and 132 In tho firth trans ferred to the now seventh olass. This will enablo a largo saving to'b.c made, eventually amounting to about £70,000 or £80,000, but it will take Homo years to attain that end. How ever, eovcral thousand pounds will be saved iu tho next year or two, owing to tho voluntary retiromont of teachers on pensions and on six mouths' full pay. Bendigo and Ballarat are apparently ambi tious of having State endowed universities in their inidit. A doputafion representing the schools of mines in these places waited on tho Minister of Education yesterday, and asked that materia inedica might bo subsidised as a Hubjeobto bo taught in the two lohools, and thattho miningcoursenhould bedivided into three portions— mining geology, the principles of min ing and practical mining. The Minister was personally against'any subsidy for teaching medicine, as it was a purely professional sub ject. If a subsidy wore given for medicine, law students might reasonably claim the samo concession. Tho schools were schools of mines, intendod to provide instruction for the poorer olassei, and not for equip ping young men for the higher pro fessions. He was in sympathy with the pro posal to divido the mining course into three parts, and he would oonsult his Ministerial col leagues on that subject. It is understood that at the next meeting of tho Executive Council Major Hond, of tho Vic torian military forces, who has been filling ths positiou of Deputy Assistant Adjutant- General, will be gazetted to the post of Assistant Adjutant-General with the rank of lieutenant colonol. A deputation from the Victorian Railways Association waited on tho Railway Commis sioners yesterday to urge the granting of the half day oil once a week for the permanent way repairers. Thoy submitted a scheme showing how, without oxtra oxpeuse to the department, or without injuring the elficienoy of the perma nent way, the concession could he granted by a rearrangement of the hours. The commissioners promised to consider the matter, and to commu nicate with the secretary to tho association at an early date. A deputation from the Dandenong Water Trust, introduced by Mr. Longmore, M.L.A., waited upon the Minister of Lands yesterday, and requested that he would reserve a catchment area of the Monbulk Creek, in the Dandenong State Forest, from occupation by village settlers. It was stated that if settlement was allowed within the area referred to the sewage would drain from the catchment area into the creek from which the district got its water supply. The Minister said he was quite satisfied that the water would be polluted if settlement were permitted on the area in question, and he would take steps to make the reservation desired, so that there might be no interference with the works of the trust. The Minister of Mines, accompanied by Mr. Moloney, M.L.A., and Mr. Thomas, chief steward of village settlements, visited the village settlement at Soruhby Crook, a few miles from Whittlesea, the other day. Mr. Foster was highly pleased with what he saw, and is satisfied that tho settlement has the elements of permanency. This is all the more remarkable from the fict that the eettlers have not reoeived much assistauoo from the State. The only request mado was that the settlers should be supplied with wire netting for their garden patches, to oxoluda the rabbits whioh came in from the Metropolitan Board of Works rosorve. Tho Minister promised to comply. Mr. Purves addressing the jury in an in teresting case draws better than a popular comedian at a big thoatre. There is always a rush to mark out seats in adv&uce;, but the court officials keep no box plan, and refuse admittance to straugora until within fire minutes of the time appoiuted for the jury to oome on. It was so yester day when tho learned Q.C., immediately after the lunchoou hour, oommenced his sddicsB to the jury on bolmlf of the plaintiff in the action of Greener r. Abrahams. A groat crowd gathered during tho adjournment, and on tho doors being opened seats were quickly filled and tlie passage ways partly blooked. Had It been a theatre rather than the First Civil Court, there might have been an excellent opening for a zealous young constable to take out a summons against the manager for a breach of the regula tions relating to overcrowding. The principal ofrendere in tho blocking of the gangways, how ever, wero "gentletnep of this honorable court," and tho officers were consequently silent. Tho task was apparently to MtyPurvcs's liking,, and ! his address was studded; with 'humorous illustra tions that were frequenilV responsible for hearty laughter, in 'wh'fcft' the jury, joined. Passing on to the eyi4jmc#, he described the defendants "as alike-,, each other as four spurious bullets," snd'in answer to a state ment made by Mr. Duffy yesterday, aaid even if he were an excellent'" painter in black " there would be no need for him to waste timo over thedefendants. " Ho would just take a snap shot; and thero they wore ! A more admirable quartet ii« iiau nurer seeu." Mr. Purves liuu not concluded his address when the court adjourned. Tho interminable dispute, Lange r. Bsge, cropped up again in tho Practice Court yester day, when Mr. Justioe Ilolroyd gave his reserved decision upon ail application to stay execution, which had been issued against the defendant upon a judgment dirootiug him to pay the plaintiff £750 damages for libel. Qia Honor said that tho application was to stay proceedings pending the hearing of a motion for a new trial. No speoiftl circumstances were stated in tho affidavits forming sufficient ground for staying the execution generally or until the defendant should give security for the payment of the £750, and pay the costs of the plaintiff's solicitors upon the latter giving an undertaking to refund thern in the event of the defendant proving successful in his motion for a new trial. For that reason ho would substantially refuse tho motion, in accordance with the general rule that special circumstances must bo shown to justify a stay of proceedings. On the other Imnd, this caso was in some respects a remark able one, and oamo before him in a curious way. Not application was made to the judge at the trial for a stay ; but an application having been madf/ to bim afterwards be stayed proceedings for ;24, hourd to allow the application to be inido "to lnm (Mr. Justice Holroyd), and he, was informed the judge who heard the caw expressed do indication of his opinion one way er,thevIqther,ibut preferred to refer it to bim. Thero'wero some circumstances iu the case which were peculiar, and he imagined that the judge if the application bad been made to lilm »t tlio trial would litre granted >om. kind of, stay for a few days to enable tliu defendant to endeavor to ralaa the, money. lie would grant a further stay of iirooeadinge for seven day from thia date, defendant to pay the coats of tho motion. Thosohemoof oompromla.reoentlyagreedtohy the creditor of tho St. .Tamea'e liulldini; Society waa yesterday submitted to Mr. Justioo Ilolroyd for the nenotion of the court. Mr. Woigall, who made the application, said that the aolieme had boon adopted by the oredltors with only one dissentient. The society was called Into exist- enco on tho demiso of ths Victoria Mutual Society, and tho new soolety paid off the oredi- tore of the old society by means of dobentnrcs In the new sooioly, payable in three years, hearing interest at 5 per cent. The creditors had aonsented to a reduction of the interest to 3 per cent. The depositori nnd debenture holders were oreditors to the extent , of £140,801, and of this amount £63,000 wax represented at the meeting which approved of the toheinc. Mr. N. Lovi, M.L.C., on behalf of some of till shareholders, asked the oourt to ad journ the application, for a fow dsyj in order to enablo him to instruct counsel. He thought the soheme of compromise could he atnonded to a considerable oxtent. About £250,000 had been invested iu tho society by tlie shareholders, and in a few days they would have a halnnos sheet for tho last half year, bowing tlia precise position of thn sooiety. Ho was of opinion that nothing should he paid in the shape of interest. Uo did not think that tli.ro had been £100 in new transactions since 1892, because there was no money coming in. Tho oreditors would have beon in a hotter position if tho money had been divided pro rata, as it eamo in, as lmd beea done in many other socie ties. Since this application was originally inadr a sum of £4800 had been paid over to five pre- fcreut creditors, llis Honor said that if thi solieiile:Boggested by Mr. Levi wer. backed uj by,B|bpnsiderable numhor and value of creditors it, might iiavo heon a matter of consideration for tho court, hut it was now too late. A inoeting had been held, and the oreditors by n majority had aooeptsd tho sohemo now before him. He would sanotion tlie soheme as adopted by tlism. Tlie important question whether the owner of land lias the right to erect a building in such a way as to .xolude tho light and air from the adjoining premises, when those privileges have been for many yeera onioysd by the proprietor of tho latter, was argued in tlx. Supreme Court yootordxy, beforo Mr. Justice Hood. Tho plaintifTa wore Thomas Ilanry John Thwaites, John Scott Peterson anil John Thomson, trustees of tho Congregational Church, Collins- street, aud tlie defendants wer. William Alexan der Itrali. and H.rinan William Buttman, the registered proprietors of the laud adjoining on tho east. In order to obtain the opinion of tho court a fiction of law was rssorted to, wlisrohy plaintiffs doolnred that tlisy had srsoted a hoarding, nnd that defendants had removoil it, both tiicse acts . being purely imaginary. On this basis plaintiffs olnimod nominal damages from defendants for trespass, as well as a declaration that they wsro entitled to block all holes whieli defend ants mado for the purpose of admitting lightand air, and also that defendants had no right to the passage of light and nir from plaintiff's premises. Defendants base their claim to the right of ingross for light aud air on tho faot that they have enjoyed tho privilege for more than 20 years, aud that consequently thoy sre entitled to ita continuance. The caeo is sur rounded with legal technicalities, but this is the main issue. Ill viow of tlio uncertain stato in which this branch ot tho law is at present, his i Honor resolved to rof.r the matter to the Pull Court. Tlio Attornoy-Ceneral nnd Mr. Davis appoared for plaintiffs j and Mr. Biggins snd Mr. Hayes for defendants. Tlio validity of a by-law passtd by tilt Williamstown borough counoil was yssterday challenged in the Praotioe Court before Mr. Justioe Holroyd. Uy virtue of tho provisions of the Local Government Aot the council had adopted a soriss of by-laws for ths control and management of n reserve situated nsar the baok buaoli, by ona of which tli.y prohibited persons from getting into tho cnoiosur. by going over tho fence. A man who had jumped his horse over the fence, whioh it appoared was in some places not ihoru than 11 inches high, wss brought before the local bench and fiued 10s., with costs, for a breach of this by-law, and it was now sought to review the decision on the ground that the by-law was ultra vires. In support of the rule it was contended that the council could not pass enactments for tho con trol of such a plot of ground as the reserve in question, ns it did not eomo within tho msaning of the aot reiorring to parks end gardens. Hit Honor coincided with this view and made ths rule absolute for reviow. Mr. Coldliam moved the rule absolute, and Mr. liox showed canto. The litigation nrising out of th. removal of the wreok of the Gambier was renewed yesterday by an application made to Mr. J uatioe Holroyd in the Practice Court for leave to appeal to the Privy Counoil in tho oats of Wilson v. Smith and Sons. The defendants, Howard Smith and Sons, ware owners of the sunken vessel, and as they failed to remove tlie wreck after due notice, the plaintiff, Alexandor Wilson, harbor master of the port of Melbourne, oaused it to he removed at their riek nnd expanse. He then proceeded ngainst them in tho a court of patty sessions for tho recovery of the amount he had expended in tho operation and obtained avordict for tlio sum claimed. Ths defendants appealed to the Pull Court, whioli uphold the decision of the justices, nnd from this finding it was now sought to appeal to ths Privy Council. His Honor said in visw of the important issues in volved ha would refer tho application to the Full Court. An example of what some men are able to do with land was illustrated in a display of npplss at the Lands department yesterday. Tlio fruit was part of a crop grown by Mr. James Barnard in tho Beaconaficld ltsnges, near l'akenlism. Nearly two yoars ago Mr. Barnard selected 55 acres in the ranges, and by dint of hard work oieared the land of some of the heavy timber aqd planted apple trees. Already the results have bean almost pheno menal. Despite the youth of the trees they have produced large well-flavored fruit abso lutely free from disease. Tho fruit is of woll-knowu varistics recommended for export and horns consumption. The apples are au objsot lesion in what intelligent cultivation on suitable soil is ablo to accomplish. On and after Monday next tlia train now leaving Cacterton for Cranxholme at 8.30 a.m. on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, and from Draiixholme to Casterton on tho same days, will be L run "on Monday, Thursday and Saturday. Tills vJlil enable passengers to leave Ararat by tlie 'early trains on Thursdays and Saturdays for Casterton and return the same day. Mr. F. W. Holder, Treasurer of South Aus tralia, will this evening deliver an address in the Molbourne Town Hail, entitled Why Pricts Hive Fallen, end Her to P.ei-e Tli-m. Tlie chair will bo taken at 8 p. in. by tlie Mayor, Cr, Snowden. The public are invited to attend. The Melbourne Telegraph Ofiice yesterday received at 5.15 p.m. the following notification from Adelaide : — " Perth reports that ths north and tlia Coolgardic linos are twisted beyond Guildford, and that bueinsss is oonaequently delayed." The annual meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce will be held thia after noon at 3 o'olook in tlie boerd room, Colonial Mutual-ohambers, Market-strut. The annual report of the counoil of the chsmbsr to be submitted to the meeting deplores the continued depression in trade and finance, although thare arc signs of a coining revival, - whioh, it is trusted, " will become increasingly manifest in the immsdiate future." The report seta out that the council has, as far as it waa practicable, endeavorsd to assist in the t (moral of obstaclsi to a return of prospority, nnd congratulates the members on the successful efforts made by local pro ducers to increase the colony's exports. This, it is trusted, will be lollowsd by a rise in staples, lteferenco is made to the Tariff Commission, and the counoil has noticed with groat satisfaction that the. num bers of that board recognise the importsnco of an assimilation, ao far as practicable, of the tariffs of this and the other colonies. Tho remainder of tho report dsals with various matters that have engaged the attention of tha chamber daring the year. Another addition is likely to be made shortly to the liet of Australian vocalists under training in England, namely, Mini Qortrude Jcrrnrd, ilimchlur' of n Into tonohcr of Hinging in thisoity, JJurinjt tlio visit of Mr. Charles Santley to Mel- Imtiruc, he «n mtioh impressed with Mist Jviiard's vooni nbilitie.1, anil offered to undertake flic training of her voice gratuitously if. she would go to London, With tho vlow of assist ing her to accept thin olfor, n number of Indies nnd gentlemen inot yesterday to arrange for a benefit oonoort. Dr. Torranoe presided, nnd amongst those who addressed tho mauling were Canon Tuokor, Mr. J. M. !ruco, Dr. Marrioks and Mr. J. Law. Tho meeting doeided that n oonoort nkould ho held in tho Melbourne - Town Hall on Wednesday, 22nd May, nnd 350 of the tickots were taken by those present. It was announned that Mrs. Palmer, Miss Stirling, Mr. Armcs Beaumont, Mr, George Howard and others had promised to take part in tho ennoert. All present woro formed into a general committee, and an execu tive committeo was appointed, consisting of Dr. Torrance nnd Messrs. J; M. Bruce, W. Lswors, U. A. Smart, W. 11. M'Cutohoon, H, M'Lean and W. G. l'ipcr. Mossrs. Alfred Cornish and C. S. Cunningham wsre appointed joint honor ary secretaries and Mr. 11. G. Kent honorary treasurer. Tho arrangements for tho aourso of popular lectures whioh the Rsv. II. It. Ilawcis will deliver in tho Athemonm Hall next week are published. The opening Icoture, Musio and Morals, with violin illustrations by thelecturor, wilt lio givon on Monday evening, and ' this will be followed by leotures on Tonnyson, Marriage, Christ and tlio Cataoombs, Musio and Noise, nnd Modern Ghosts and Spiritualism. ' Tiro only lecture that will not ho illustrated is 'Marriage : Is it n Failure V Tlio plans of soats will be opened at Glen's to-morrow morning. Houses and land in Westnn-atrcot, Brunswick, will lie offered for sale by Mr. li. Cooke, on tho ground, this afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Professor Davis is ndvortiaed to appru'r at- St. Mary's basnnr, at tlio town halt, North Melbourne, this livening, and give a spirit unllalle exposA Messrs. Pruser and Co. will sell by ainltton at their rooms to-day, at 11 o'clock, a superioy, assort ment of iiniisuhnld furniture, piano, silver and clfctro-nlntrd ware, Ac. ' Mr. W. ,1. G. Turner, secretary to tho Austin Hospital for Incurables, acknowledges receipt of a cheque for £40 from the National Kito committeo ul tlio Australian Natives' Association. Messrs. .Ino. Bnchnii and Co. will offer for sale at their rooms, 91 Quueii-alroet, to day, at tinon, six sevioi- rooineil houses, situate in Goorgo-slrnet, Must Melbourne, and known as llopliurn-terraee. Messrs. C. J. and T. Ham ami Messrs. Powors, Rutherford and Co., acting in conjunction, offor to-day tlio Viow Hill Estate at Tarrawarra. Tim sale will commence at noon at tlio rooms of tlio Itrsiuaiuod firm. 