TYPHQED AT COOLGARDIE. The fever of Cooigardie, according to an article in Cosmos, the new Sydney monthly, is typhoid. Mr. John Law, the writer, pats a good deal of blame on township loafers and the blacks, who come and go ; but this is hardly fair. Householders used to living in municipalities where drainage and sanitation are attended to by the authorities easily fall into bad ways when lelt to manage these things for themselves. Typhoid and diph theria arise Irom public and private npglect, and such diseases fipiing up as a matter of course wherever white men lorm large camps, and omit to at once put themselves under firm municipal rule. Cooigardie, with its very dry climate and dusty soil, happens to be much less easily drained than most settle ments, and therefore diai-ase has got a good start from the first. " Doctors and land speculators," says Mr. Law, "divide the spoil just now. The young doctors scam ptr about amongst the tents on ponies ; the older ones stay at home to be consulted. One doctor died of the fever he came to cure, a yountr Englishman of 2G; another escaped from it by the akin of his teeth; a third looks like a walking ghost, thanks to relapses." The Government lias provided a hospital for pauper patients, and a tent for patients who can afford to pay £1 Is. a week. There are three private hospitals. Some nurses get £3 3s. a week to attend a patient in his tent. " They ore women who have strayed to the field in the hope of mak ing money, and have soon found that bar maids who run sly-grog shops are the only women who make fortunes in and round about Cooigardie. They work from dawn till dark, run errands, cook over a camp fire, and nurse the patient, who lies on his bunk curs ing the Hies that swarm over his face, arms, and legs. All sorts and conditions of women may be found doing this kind of nurs ing, from the good- hearted washerwoman, who believes in rubbing plenty of whisky into all parts of the patient's body, to the Melbourne society girl, who was too proud to work in her native city, so came to make money in Cooigardie-and it is hard work." " Cooigardie doctors," proceeds the article, "like Gil Was, have two specifics for the fever. They believe in anti-febrine and sponging. The latter remedy is much ap preciated on hot days by patients. With a temperature of 103deg., and a hot wind blow ing, a man rejoices to see the water-bag in the nurse's hands. Ice made its appearance for a few weeks, then went the way of other luxuries. Now it is possible to buy cow's milk and fresh eggs ; but, of course, these things are very expensive, and most patients have to content themselves with condensed milk or water, sago and arrowroot. Some are too poor for anything but 'billy ' tea and whisky. The poorest man who has a mate is sure to be supplied with whisky. Everyone on the field swears by whisky as a fever specific. .Whisky will keep off the fever, men say, and help you better than anything else to get rid of-it. Some men take quinine, others con 6U&e;$aw and cooked onions, in the hope of | ke£ft&ta; well. The wiser sleep outside the fcownjdDp and only visit Bavley-street for 2t^laMU business. *>" life yfever lasts three weeks when the attune tf slight, three months when it is It is followed in many cases by -ftevtaaftheamatism in hands and feet, so a man is of little use to himself or any one else until he has 'gone down,' that is to say taken a trip to Perth. Cooigardie is a bad place for convalescents. The nights and mornings are intensely cold, and at noon the sun is so hot that invalids can scarcely endure it." 