novelist* GHANA. (IX TITO FAETS.J PABT I. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more proportioned than was this one. A combination af masculine strength and feminine beauty —not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. Her dress was half one and half ' other. A man's black slouch hat covered » head, and a man's black coat protected her shoulders; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and fiery and scornful as the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fearlessly bestrode his back. . An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, upflinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable defiance tbe close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them. Diana pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebony-statued Centaur. Before them the sun was setting—sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the futhermost edge of the plain. So sulfy and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it afire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its manyieague crystal bosom seemed struck by some Budden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to the ground ; it took off its slouched hat, its four eyes looked straight into the vest. A Heard scampered amy, ratling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and • jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquiringly up; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur as those of the Centaur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that inhabited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow; the glory In the west and the gray in the east touched \- edges at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten-: -ing, diamond- bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle' • ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to tbe earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the purenesB of the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak-^the only tree for miles around—stood near; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly garmented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and as he watched the process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any conscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, " Diana." Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear ? She touched the rein and Satan bennded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and smiting the earth with contemptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direction. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the door of the enigmatical coustruction burlesqued with the name of " House," " See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walkin' home in the shadder of his coffin, and Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' •heep." The m^n, to whom the words were addressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice .than tha other: i " Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. I wouldn't wou- 'der if he'd seen that woman again, fit's enough to make one think she's a ghost {haunting him the way he looks after he's :Beeh hail," F " Ham be dogoned; I'd like to have such a solid lantasmagory a ha'ntin' me. Stop—he'll hear you." f The one who spoke last got up and walked out at tho back door to stop the talk of tbe fitter. " Well, I'll be gouea; it L was as thin- •kinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd get me a patent outside," muttered Brassy. The cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and commenced whittling. "-Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper; " aliuz whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein'jcuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an* them fine- haired feelin's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with tbe brine so close to his eyelids to bile murpbys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. " Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready?" " No, but I've got her on a-bilin'," cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have rejected the mathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. ".Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a bard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected that grub hez to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstofeel the symptoms of approachin* meal time. But which ever side you git on grab's in the middle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makin' it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by those figgcrin' that grub is the syntax of life, in' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy hea to cook it." Brassy bad to talk. If he bad not anyone else to talk to he talked to him3elf. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child-hearted Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by by Brassy because of his slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepressible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked .when he should have said nothing, and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong place. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tnat territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesom^ness. But in a climate where tbe squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might harmonise. The moon was full, and the men sat outside of the cabin,-two of them taking their after-supper smoke. The mysterious caim of the breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly between his thumb an<l forefinger, and blew contented little puffs of smose away from bis mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim -of his bat. Bill," saidhe, " you ought to smoke; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stove-wood." Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle vigorously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understanding. He always maintained it was arainst his principles to take bints. Yes, smokin' is tbe most continuous comfortin'amusement I know of ; nothia' likeit to put a man in good sperrits. onless it's puttin' good sperries in a man: an' stovewood in this country is mighty hard to get. )Tesf Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'llabian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up insmoke, but they're his while they're goin'. If you're hunglj, it's a sort of sootbment to the place Ye acbin' for victuals.' If you're alone in a howl''* 1 wilderness it's wife, children, and friends—they go up In smoke, too, tra* yon have 'em while they're goin'; an it keeos the female 'sect from ha'ntin' a lonesome bacnelor." He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown and asked, " Brassy, do you know why you are not like my old kinte ?" "Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some difference between Ipeople and old knives ; now, there's Bill " Dainty jumped np and threw away bis cigarette. *'Boys,"said he, "let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat." Brassy pocketed biB pipe immediately. " liight, me lord, I'm yourn when it 's wild cats you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed ; if be don't * He may sigh to the winds, to the Goddess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.'" He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-out-of-date song in a most unmusical voice, and it might have been the melody that made Bill start 60 suddenly that he overturned the stool oa which lie sat; it might have been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they bad better start. He could not have -told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natures that knrw nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up " varmints," was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of thesheep-herders'existence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses. It has been said jocularly of sheep-herding, " It takes but three months to turn the strongest biain." The saying had a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attributes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating sheep—sheep are always bleating; day after day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, to sbiue all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To near, night after night, the west wind— always the west wind—blowing its urearj music, and the howl of the prowling coyote, eight after night the same sounds, day after day the same scenes, bis companionship the lizzard and tbe horned-toad—always following round and round that thousand head of bleating sheep. The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the river, which was about three miiea from the*" camp. . " Boys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehow sorry 1 asked you to come to-night; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick as we can. "Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose could happen 2 Think Go<iquin Marietta er Three-fingered Jack's a luxuriatin' in the shadders of the underbrush, scented our money-pocket" an* lay in fur us, as it were ?" Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of Lis undefined fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to Brassy's di»- gUBt. Tired out, they started home. Listen, don,t you hearacurious sound ?" •aid Dainty. All of them stopped and listened, but only for a moment. j ; ! ! : j | j | i Merciful God 1" 6houieu or assy, rut for your lives, it's the river overflowed !" They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of blush, and briars, and many stumblings. " If we could only get to the slough f ustt' p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but.a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness . upon them. 1'iie water from the river overtook them and Lapped around their feet and up to tbtir waists. It waB useless now to .try to reach the slough, impossible to crosB it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without decidiug. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted bim into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Behind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of tbe eternal snows; before them the slough,over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swiftflowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent witb their weight, sometimes dipping them into tbe chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose tbe flood and swathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold —so cold clinging; and the night so balmy and warm, and the moonlight so soft and so beautiful. "Partners,"said Brass j, "Ireckon we're eucbered this time." " Looks like it," responded Bill, " and I'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that wa. ready for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is 4 easy death; but to.be drownded like a parcel o£ treed squirrels disagrees with me- 1 might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeastpowders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I've lived ni^h the river long enough to be a-lookin' out fer. a thing like this. An* I deserve a soakin' fer bein" so oathoughted, but I don't like to be drownded Hire a miserable squir'l." (PAET n wnx. APREAB rs otra NEXT.) 