fo\\)t Hatnes' Column. KISSES AND KISSING. "i'HE word. kiss" is Anglo-Saxon, and may indeed fee taken as an instance of how plea sant Anglo-Saxon can be. The philologist assures ns that it is allied to the Gothic " kustufl," a proof or test, and to the Latin " gustus," a taste, which suggests the old saying, that " the proof of the padding is Pgoein' «iqe ? Gothic _ "kustus" comes from the veA "kiusan, to choose, from which one would imagine that among the Goths kissing -went by favour. According to Professor Skeat, writing with all the austerity and scholarship of an expert, a kiss is "A gust. a fcaete, a something choice." Bowena, the beautiful daughter of Hengist, the Saxon,is credited with having introduced kissinginto Great Britain; but had the natives beeniso utterly unenlightened, the Romans could scarcely have failed to anticipate her. The Sromans had really a delightful word for a kiss o&culum;, which came from " os," the mouth, and meant a little mouth, a sweet mouth. " Give me a sweet little, mouth," would be the phrase used when a good little Soman boy asked his mother for a kiss. Our English word occurs pretty nearly in its present form in Anglo-Saxon, Dutch, Icelandic, Danish, Swedish, and German. And this is worthy of note, because natural as kissing may seem to be, it is a practice unknown ."to the aborigines of Australia, to the Maoris of New Zealand, the Papuans; of New Guinea, the people of Tabbati, the negroes of Central and Southern Africa., the Botocudos of Brazil, the savages of Terra del Fuego, Laplanders, and the Es quimaux. Most of these benighted mor tals have got beyond "the low stage of rub bing noses together. Kissing points to ancient discredited be lief in a veritable union of spirits-a belief common, to all the Aryan people that the breath of a man was. his soul, his spirit. " Spirit" is "breath," . and " ghost" is a " gust"-which possibly accounts for the cold air which is said to accompany appari tions. - SOCIETY WOKEN Who BET. I TTA-n occasion to be in the establishment of a fashionable ^ladies' hairdresser at the West-end of London, getting material for an article on toilet matters for a ladies' paper, when my talk with the proprietor was interrupted by the entrance of ayoung woman-a. lady's-maid, as I afterwards dis covered. She placed an envelope on the counter, and I heard the unmistakable chink of gold. The coiffeur opened the envelope, entered something in a book at his desk, and gave the maid back a perforated slip of paper, " This may be something in your line," he observed, as the maid left the shop. "That was the Countess of 's maid. She's just backed Ladas to the tune of twenty pounds to win the St. Leger." " What, the maid ?" I asked. " No, the countess. But that is nothing unusual. Scores of titled and -other ladies bet habitually, and they utilise their maids in the way you have seen. It's one of the crazes of feminine aristocracy. They imi tate men in dress j they smoke, because men do; and now, to still more evenly balance the sexes, they have taken to bet ting. " The lady whose money I have just taken bets in her own name with her hus band's consent. But the majority put money on in their maid's nameB." "Do they win?" "Well, sometimes; font- as is ihB case with men, the bookmaker wins in the long run. Some of .them, I believe, get tips from stablemen at Newmarket and else where, but most back their * fancy/ One lady, who keeps a big establishment in Park-lane, has been inost fortunate. She won three thousand pounds -overarace a few weeks ago, and kept it. Many ladies lose their heads if they "win a fair.sum. They, foolishly for "themselves, put their ?whole winnings on one horse, thinking, their lnck will continue." . " How came they to select your place ?" "Well, you see, it is quite natural'for ladies to couie here, for toilet requisites,: and so it doesn't arouse suspicion ; .for, al though so many do it, ladies don't like each other to kuow they bet. " It's a profitable business, but not so paying as you might imagine. There are a number of doubtful bets, yon see." . " Doubtful bets ?" I queried. _ " Yes. I make a lot of verbal bets with - ladies; that is, they say what horse they wish to hack, and I enter it in my book. If a lady loses, she sometimes denies hav ing made the bet entered in her name. Of, course it is possible for me to-make mis takes ; but one lady in particular fire times s denied making a bet, each time when she lost, andtoever when she won. I always had to give in to her, as she declares she would take her custom elsewhere. That meant her toilet custom, and not only that, but she would recommend all her ac quaintances-a very large circle-to go elsewhere for what they wanted in my line. Of course, I couldn't afford, that." "Of course not. Who was she?" But the hairdresser "would not trust me. And so I bade him good day, pondering the ; degeneration of Englishsociety. 