( fit MONEY OH FOB LOW <v <j i ' ' NOW' FIRST PUBLISHED. ' Nn« By GORDON STABLES, M.D., EN., . AUTHOR OF "THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE," "THE MYSTERY OF A MIL LIONAIRE'S GRAVE," "THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT DUN.l'HEIM," "A THOUSAND MILES IN A CARAVAN," &c.;, Ac.. " " ALL EIGHTS EESEBVED. CHAPTER XVI,— (Continued.) jjonaon was nil aarit ana sneni. Dark save for the lurid glow that shines here and there at night in the sky of the great city ; silent save for the wind that tore rustling through the plane trees far beneath. It was a wind that chilled her to the bones, hut still she stood there. Strange thoughts of half-pleasing melancholy were stealing through her mind, Now and then she , leant further out Sho could feel almost certain she hearda voice libeTom'ssing- ing high over the howiing of the wind. She pressed her hands before her eyes. And now, as in a dream, she saw Tom's barque far away at sea. Saw it by the fitful gleaming of the lightning, now clinging to the crest of an inky wave, now down, down, down in the hollow of the fearful storm- lashed sea. She closed the casement, then, pale and trembling, staggered back to the footstool and burst into tears. There were two beds in the ladies' bedroom, but to-night Ella chose to be the baby, and snuggled up with her auntie. Lady Brewer petted and Boothed her, and' when Ella dropped off to sleep, as she soon did, she settled herself to read. Pot well she knew that on this night of all nights sleep wa3 out of the question. Twice within the next half-hour she shaded the candle and gazed anxiously into Ella's face. " Surely the child is going to be ill," she thought. For Ella- frequently sobbed and started, and her colour came and went. Suddenly she sat bolt upright jn i bed, very pale, but smiling. She seized her aunt's hand, clasping it till her nails almost pierced its palm. "Don't leave me now," she gasped. " Don't leave me. I must tell you now. Tell you what I had forgotten for years. Tell you what I had meant to tell you long, long ago, had not a weight like lead fallen on that portion of my memory. But it .has ail come back. "I am in! a rbom. It is in the haunted wing of the Grange, I have been put away, for I am but a' tiny child, but have crept back, and hide fearfully behind the curtain. Two "men are there in that half-darkened room. One is my dear father. The other is my rich bad uncle. Poor father crouches in terror before him. My uncle says terrible things. He speaks of a fearful murder, of a tramp who bas changed a marked coin. That tramp is my father who is crouching there. My uncle's face is as dark as night nnd storm ; his hand and finger are extendetj. ' You oommittod that heartless murder,' he Bhouts. 1 You ! The coin condemns you 1' Then father sinks senseless at his feet. " The scene is changed, Aunt. I am still in a room of tho haunted wing. But father has gone. He ha3 been gone for weeks. I am alone at this moment, save for the presence of Tyro, a beautiful collie. We are play" 2 "'tl lumping together. Sud- cc _ g passes by the ball I have J lirown him, and sniffs strangly'fn a corner of the room. Now lie scrapes aside a portion of the carpet, and I see a board that is loose. I try to lift it. It yields. What do I see ? A chain, a watch, some coins, and all — -O — all are darkly stained with blood I "The dog howls and ' leaves . the room. I hurriedly replace both plank and carpet. : 1 am but a young child ; yet something tells me there, is a con nection betwixt. that watch and chain and the murder done. " > " I am not alone now.' I am in the arms of my governess. She is chafing my hands, and bathiDg rny brow. I had fainted, she said. Foolish child ! she calls me, for fainting, and asks if the dog hurt or frightened me. I have a hazy notion I have boen dreaming. Then falls the leaden weight in that tablet of my. memory, and all, all has been a blank till now." Ella speaks no more.' ' Horror-strioken, with widely-dilated eyes, Sheila sits beside her, watching her face. Will she speak again 1 " Ella— Ella — " gasps Lady Brewer at lnst, "did you — notice the shape of chain and. watch ? Oan you describe them 1 " , There is , no reply. The questions have evidently fallen upon ears that hear not.' Ella stretohes. out her left hand as if feeling for something, and clutches at the air. Then she turns . towards the candle, regarding it with i a stony stare. Her aunt had just time to note how pale the face is, that the muscles twitch, and that beads of per spiration are standing on the brow, ere the girl sinks back as if exhausted, and her eyes close again in sleep. No Bleep for Sheila though. Ella lies upon the pillow with her face to wards her, and one white arm is thrown baby-like across her aunt's breast. Sheila removes it with a slight shudder, and recoils a little from the sleeping child — her father's habds, she says to herself, have been red with the blood of my murdered uncle. And of that crime she, Lady Brewer, had been ac cused — may even yet be tried for it. And yBt — it is no fault of the inno cent girl's. Lady Brewer restores the sleeping arm to its former position, draws the sleeping face closer to her own and kisses the brow. "Then she weops long and quietly, jusc letting the tears fall heedlessly on the pillow. Those tears bring some surcease of sorrow, her mind becomes calmer, and she tries to think of better things. Her life on earth is a lost one, she would lain be wafted uway in thought to the land beyond the grave, where there is neither sorrow nor crying, But during the long dark hours that preceded tho dawn she has lived in thought all her young life over again. The wind without still raged and roared, but gradually it seemed to die away. Or rather it melted away into the sounds of awakening life in Lon don. The distant noise of carts and even carriages, now and then a shout or a cry. It might bo a cry of agony, a shout for help, but who that' . hears them cares to take note of shouts ' arid cries in this gretu city. A streak of grey dawn shows round tho blinds at last, footsteps are now < heard in the streets ; and voices in conversation j men are hurrying away f to ' their work ; by-and-bye. there is the rattling clanking of flagons and the milkman's eldritch scream. And in the next room now she can hear the I rattlo of fireirons. Little Maid Marian1 is up and about, and the day has indeed begun. Sheila gets languidly up, and shades Ella's face, from the broadening light, for the morning sunshine is streaming on the blinds, A bath refreshes her, her head -is now clear and she can think, She seats herself by the bed side and takes the girl's hand' in hers. Yes, who but her father could have committed the murder 1 Who but he was the awful tramp, described in every paper, for whom reward after reward was nil'ered, and for whom the police had searched in vain. Carrying his child — this very Ella — he had gone to his brother's house, and his brother had hidden him, and finally spirited him away abroad. That brotherwas her husband, and he had lied to her. He had spoken of no visit, but had told hor plainly and apparently truthfully, that he had sent the money for his brother's emigration. "Well, perhaps after all, he hud lied in a good cause. Was it right though to screen his guilty brother — guilty of a crime so appalling? This was a . question she dared' hardly answer.' But all the ghastly story was clear now. Was it not better as it was, sho thought. ' Better that now tho mur derer had fled from justice and was 'safe, perhaps even dead, no hue and cry should be resumed ? And Ella, her darling — she was now Ella Lee, no one knew her as Brewer, why should she know all the bitter- life-blasting truth 1 Better she should believe her father dead. Better— but this was a problem that was too puz zling for poor Lady Brewer just then. She got up and took a few hurried turna up and down the floor. Think ing though. Yes, thinking all the time. Suppose, so ran her thoughts, she wero to form apian to possess her self of tho watch and ohain 1 But if found in her possession — and she has reason to believe; the sleuth hound Stranson was still upon' tlie track — would not that possession be taken as a proof of guilt ? "No," she cried half aloud, "for the child Ella could prove sho had seen them there hidden in the haunted. room long before I came to the Grange. "All, no, though," sho added, "for Ella was but talking in a drenm. A dream that might, never return." A dream ? . Yes, and - dreams are often false. This drearit might be false. Lady Brewer stopped suddenly in her walk. She stood there in the middle of the floor, upright, stern, resobered, "If," she muttered, " those trinkets are hidden in that haunted room' I will see them," ; R.at-tat-tat at the bedroom -door. It was Maid Marian';' . " It's your'ouip of tea, please, ma'am.- Arid please; iriUm, shall I clean Dickie's cage 'cause the cat's gone out." , CHAPTER XVII. . Sir John Brkwkr Sees a Ghost. Sir John Brewer was not the sort of : irian to let the loss of a wife swamp his whole life with sorrow. True he had loved Sheila a3 ardently as a nature bound up in self could love any woman. Well, he had won her. She had palled upon him. He told himself he had made a mistake. Hers was a character that would not amalgamate with bis. She was not go-ahead enough, not sufficiently ambitious. Did not care for the pomp and panoply of civic life. Did not care to lead society. Preferred to be found for ever and'aye in her boudoir, or by the lire, or in the sunniest corners or tite great garden. A beautiful oat would he as satisfying to a man of bis soar ing tendency as this. The simile is Sir John's, not mine, reader. True, her portion camo in handy. It helped, nay, but even sufficed, to maintain tho dignity of "Sir" that had been added to the plain John Brewer. But then there had been other ladies with portions almost as large as Sheila's — ah, yes, he admitted this, but not with Sheila's form and face. Many a tirue and oft he had ad mitted this during the. nine long years that had fled since his wife left him in so mysterious a manner. And even when he did so he sighed. He had turned Sheila'B portrait with its face to the wall. This to show to the world that he considered himself a doserted arid much ill-used man, but there wero eveninss when all alone in hiB easv chair, with his favourite port near to him, that ho returned the picture that he might gaze on what was to him the sweetest face in all creation. On nights like these Sir John drank deeply, and his face was flushed and his gait unsteady as he went up the wide , staircase to his lonely room. (to be continued.) 