MONDAY KEADING {Selected btteeEevG. E. Bo we) THE GOSPEL FOR THE DAT' Byy.HA; BEV. 2ULBK GUT PEAEEE. Tee Temptation of thb Lord Jxbtjs Ceeist, A Meditation for Lent. It -will greatly help us to realize the sympathy of the Saviour and Win one ness with us if we can get a clear, strong, settled sense of the Temptation. The Scriptures lay much stress upon the Temptation, ' He is able to succour them that are tempted in that wherein HeHimse'f suffered temptation' (Ueb. tL.18, B. V., marg.). And again it is mtten — ' We have not an High Frist, rhich cannot be touched with the feei ng of our infirmities ; but was in all points tempted like as we axe, yet with jot sin' (Heb. iv.. 15). 5\. He was tempted in dXL points as we «we, yet without sin, — then was He in His human nature in all points like aa we are. The real human nature of Jesus is a truth that we have feared to grasp in its completeness, yet if we lose that we lose ' everything. Let us think it out carefully step by step. He is in all points like as we are in Hi* Body. Bond of our bone and flesh at our flesh, His bodily life was in all respects like ours. He ate and drank and slept just as we do. He was weari* ed and needy as we are. His wants . were similar to ours : and he had^exafctly t^»f» taking limitations in TTig linnria.T| nature that we have. TTin eye saw no further than our eye sees ; His ear heard precisely as we hear. Hunger meant to Him the same thing that it does to us; and the des.re to eat when hungry * was as strong with TTiTu as it is with or. His body was in all points like ours. Then let us hold firmly the same truth, -us we pass to the mind of the Lord Jesus Christ. As really in his mind as in His body He was in all points fikeas we are. He knew as we know wad only as we know, His brain had the same method of thought as ours : with Him perception and reflection were as they are with us, the sources of knowledge. The Babe Jesus could know no more than other babes can know. The Boy Christ Jesus grew in wisdom precisely as other boys grow in wisdom. The Man Christ Jesus had mentally the limitations and conditions that we have. Here, too, He was in ail noints like as we am. Then we must hold to the same truth in regard to the Spirit, the Soul, of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hope, faith, desire, joy, were to the Man Christ Jesus pre cisely what they are to us. And here too He was subject exactly to the same conditions and limits that we axe. Obedience was not with Him the result of any compulsion, — it was a choice. ' Lo ? I come to do Thy will' is the testimony of the book con cerning Him. If disobedience were impossible to Jesus Christ then obedience would also be impossible. Free- willmustbeourSjOrtherecan be no temptation. Hot more than man but less was Jesus Christ, if the power tochoose was not His as it is ours. The power to choose is our greatness and dignity; as the power of tin is our rain and misery. He was tempted in all points like as we are, only because He was able to choose in all points like as we are, or it could have been no temptation. The power to choose xns His as it is ours : but the power to refuse was His as it is not ours except by His grace. I knew that there is ever alongside of this the mystery of tike Divinity — that we reverently accept and adore; but we do not make the Deity less because we nuke the man hood complete, exactly like our own. That first : The temptation is possible only because oftherealandperfecthuman ity of Jesus Christ. Then comes the next point. The Man Christ Jesus, knowing only as toe know, could know the things of Gad only as they were illuminated and revealed by the Holy Ghost. All that the Holy Ghost must do for our human nature that the Holy Ghost did for the human nature of Jesus Christ, — save only in the one great ex ception of the conviction of sin and the cleansing from unrighteousness. Just as the eye has no light in itself but sees only what is revealed to it by the light so is it that the knowledge of sin is made known to us only by the revelation of the Holy Ghost The words of the Master to Peter are true of the Lord Jesus, — ''Flesh and blood hath not re pealed, this unto thee, but my Father which, is in Leaven.' As He enters up on His work it is to the Holy Ghost that He ascribes Tfi« fitness for it, ?The Spirit of the Lord hath anointed Me because, because He hath anointed Me to preach the Gospel to the poor; He hath sent Me to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord.' go then with this, complete and per fect humanity the Lord Jesus comes to the baptism of John. 'And Jesus, whenHe was baptised, wentup straight way out of the watar: and lo, the the heavens were opened unto THn^ and He saw the spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon Him: and lo, a voiee from heaven, saying. This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' Ever was that gift of the Holy Ghost His, — but now as not before that Gift Divine was given to prepare Him for the great work of the liessiahsMp, and to reveal to' Him this fitness. From this moment the life of Jesus is transformed. No more the carpenter dwelling in the obscurity of Kaxareth, He at once becomes the Christ the Anointed of God. At that hour there was revealed to Him the fact of His Messiahip; of the great work that lay before him; andthe fact of His Divine relationship. That is the second point that the Man Jesas in all points Tflr« unto us could know the mind and will of God only as made known, to THip by tbe Holy Ghost. Let us think of this Divine re velation coming in upon the mind of Jesus overwhelming TKna with wonder and awe. He had lived in the quiet seclusion ef Nazareth, doubtless with those great yearnings which were th« prophecies of God to His soul : with ?ueb. blessed and unbroken communion with the Fa* her as none else had ever known on Hum earth : with pity and eagerness to help sudh as had never filled any other. And now these dreams and longings were to find their fulfil ment. The opportunity had come, and the fitness was given. And yet awork was it that oould be accomplished only at the cost of an infinite agony and shame. Weil might He seek retire \- meat rightly to consider this revelation, and by communion with the Father to surrender 'Himself utterly for this sub lime service. So was He led up into the wilderness. Sow let us turn to think of the other personage who comes before us. It is to-day unphfloBopuical to think of a personal devil; we must talk of the spirit of evp, that is the tendency to the evil in the man's own heart. Well, I &ia; anxious to be philosophical when I can be common-sensed, Bat wn&iever; wae thvt -writ of til w- Jesus Christ — and' if it was the spirit of evil outside Him, — who was it P what was it? Within the sinless Christ was no evil tendency whence came the tem ptation. The Book of God does not play with us. It does not meet the awful problems of life and death, of sin and suffering-, with mere myths and fancies. Do you think thepoor heart of humanity could have found solace and strength in it for all these ages if it were so ? Just as this Book reveals to us the truth of God, of sin, of eternity, so it reveals to us a very real and per sonal devil. Satan knew of and waited for the coming Christ. Long before, in the moment of hell's triumph over the first man and his wife the word had been spoken, — ' the seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's head.' All through the ages he had watched the prepara tion for that coming, — all things lead ing up to it, until the angel sang the birth of Jesus, who should save His people from their sins. Now comes the hour and power of the Tempter, and Jesus is led up into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil .The son of David goes forth against this GoKath who has blasphemed and defied the Israel of God. Whether the Tempter net the Lord in some bodily appearance or as aa. in visible spirit we cannot telL On the one hand the words ' tempted in aU points like as we are' would seem to suggest a spiritual and unseen presence ; and also the fact that afterwards through all His life the enemy met the Saviour step by step, yet ever unseen. On the other hand the record seams to suggest that it was in some visible bodily form in which the Prince of this world assailed the Saviour. Very quaint is Milton's conception : 'An aged man, in ratal weeds Following, as seemed, the quest of some stray ewe, Or withered slacks to gather.' The fact that as on this occasion the Holy Ghost rested on TTim in some bodily and visible form, suggests that thus on this occasion came the Temper. The record is certainly most intelligible and significant when we take it with a hard literalnesB from beginning to end. For forty days the Lord Jesus had lingered in the wilderness, dwelling there is sweetest communion with the Father and in joyful consecration, — for this cause sanctifying Himself. Then comes the reaction. He is spent and worn with the excitement of such great thoughts and revelation ; and' together with weakness there come the keen hun ger. The place as well as the hour was fitted for such a trial, — the dreary wil derness where he was ' with the wild beasts,' as St. Mark tells us. Never was there any whose soul so lay open to the influence of Nature as His. To Him the flowers of the field were sweet messages of the Father's care ;the birds sang of the love of God ; and all things breathed a sweet 'Fear not.' But here was- He in all the dreary loneliness of the desert where Nature had no such ministry. On every side there stretched that awful solitude. As the work of Christ ended in the awful cry, ' My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken Me V so might it have begun — alone as if forsaken, for long and hungry He wanders in the wilderness. Such was the place and such was the hour of His temptation. Bee how in these «ery circumstances lay the possibility of aU temptation. Every temptation comes either from the husk of things, or their abundance ; envy and pride, theft and tyranny, lying and lust, are the sins of want or plenty. The two extremes of temptation are represented in tha Bible in Job and in Solomon — in the* sorest poverty and in the greatest possession ; in having nothing and . in having all things. It is at once with each of these temptations that the devil ap proaches Christ. At once He is poorer than Job, hungry, perishing with hunger with all the cravings for food that we feel when we are hungry ; and yet is Healso greater than Solomon — having' all power at His disposal. He can speak and ' a thousand liveried angels ' shall wait upon Him, and swiftly minister to every need. He can speak, and this very wilderness shall bud and blossom as the rose ; becoming at his bidding a Paradise where fair things grow ; and trees bead down with golden plenty. This twofold extreme of weakness and ef power was the tempter's opportunity all through His life. We see it when the soldiers come to take Him ; betray ed by one of His disciples, deserted by the others, seized by rough hands and bound ' as a thief,' He is led awaj to condemnation ; so helpless is He. Set then is it that He aaith, Thinkest thou that I cannot new pray ike Father, and He shall presently gtveMemore than twelve legions of angels ? Yet again, and still more wonderful was this extreme of weakness and of power as manifested on the cross. When he hung accursed, rejected, despked, and on Him beat, that awful storm of fury, and there rang the cry : 'He saved others,- Himself He cannot save.' So low He sank. Yet there was the conscience power to loose the very gates of hell, and Sing wide open the very gates of 'heaven, and in the greatness of authority He said to the penitent malefactor — Thit day thou shall be with Me in Paradise. To him then, thus alone, forgotten and forsaken and anhungered, comes the proud Prince of Hell, looking it may be as Goliath looked upon the stripling David, with haughty disdain. Is this He for Whom they had waited so long and whose rumoured advent had filled all with hell terror ! Is it with a sneer that the words are flung out ? — -If — If Thou be the Son of God : it is a matter one will hesitate to believe. It does certainly seem most unlikely. Delusion in such matters is very easy. Many others have fancied themselves the favourites of heaven ; but surely never did such higt pretensions go with such poor surroundings. I* — Thou be the Son of God. Indeed, it is a matter easOy settled, and for Thine own sake it should be settled speedily. Thou art hungry: the hired servants of Thy Father have bread enough and to spare. Pat forth Thy power: silence them doubts, and end this cruel need ; command that these stones be made bread.' A very real temptation it most have been to Jeans, thus to assure Tfiwngrff of that which had been declared. Bmt what if He had! Then all that relation ship with His poor brethern would have been for ever broken. In proving Himself the Son of God He would have ceased to bj the Son of Man. No humi liation was it to the proud Prince of Hell that he should be vanquished by the Almighty : to Omnipotence He would yield. Only let the combat be with Him as Divine, and defeat could beorne. 'I come to Thee as the Son of God,' said the haughty Lucifer. ' But Jesus answered and said unto him, It is written Man' — I come against thee as man — the Head and Bepresentative of the race over whom thou has triumphed. It is as the Man filled with the Holy Ghost that he comes forth against t&e; Tempter: the Man having that powed which availed for all men— 'It is written': the sword with which He fought was the sword of the Spirit, the sword which is given ns for our defence. Bo as Man, for us men, did He wage that war, said gain that great vietory which is tb© pled** of onr deliverance^ ' 