THE GR1EAT CRICKET MATCH. Heard Round the Board. The third battle .for supremacy between Stodd:art's English Eleven and the piclk of Australia is over, and the Kangaroo is vic torious at last. The victorj gained fairly and squarely on a good wicket, is hailed-with joy from one end of the continent to the; other, and of course interest in the next meeting between the sides will reach fever heat. In.all three test matches have been played, and England having won the first by 10 rues and the second by 194 runs, it looked odds on that they would win the rubber, especially when our team only succeeded in putting together 238 rune i s the first innings. The end of the match, however, came yester. day, and as Australha won with the large slice of 382 runs to spare, those who supported the visitors will, until the next match commendsie, have to accept a back seat. Never in the history of cricket in these coloniee' has the oxcitementruu so high as during the test games now being played, and it ia note worthy that the native bro-population stuck to their side like SBpisrtihs, their belief in the infallibility of Giffeh, Iredaloe Callway aild Co. never for a .mmont il-ggieg.--- The Britishkrs on the othtr hand warmly sup ported their countrymen, and until the third match they had the thick end of .the stick, and suncceded in.msaking the lives of many Australians a burden to them. In fact, We know of one onthasiast who, hIaving loudly. prolaimr:d du'ing the progress of the first matche that the visitors "h'ldn't a ghost of a chance " of wianing one of thbe five test gams.s, repentoed fier tIhe end of the match, and to escape the baff tof his assoc'atee he psnt'; thtt fH!lg2'in s ay in an obscure northern tovs. During iLhese conu game he was a bit quieter, but there wasi no nolding hin oestesray, and the opposition had serious thoughte of trkieg a trip utp ha lino iu search of bu.insts. In tIl" mntches plsycd errange1nts.a wc.' -d the this office to receive telsgram~s- mt~e fall of overy wicket, but t r . - 1 workove thels~~.,at wee the reesh of lt ta o,' .er.soloial. liwcs dU.si, the four or, .uest that veory ften a hbunch of O. . .voe wires would be received togoth, r. Sthe last day of -the second "m'oh, lihen the Australians required 42? runs in' their seoond itaiigs- to wmi a fsuny seeo .took plaoe in front of -oar. soching-board. It wras meat. - time, AsL the crowd wabs large, ani one well kuown eitires, whose burly form obscured the whole board, was holding forth on thle match. The score showed 280 runs for five wick-ts, and Iredale was not out. "They'll do it yet" said our townsman, and the crowd wase speedily divided into two sections each hold ing contrary views. "I tell you" said ths big man, " there has not been a wire for nearly two hours, and as they are received at every wicket the boys are making a score. In fact Iredalemustbe over the century now." Some one else said that Lyons had come out of his shell st last, and at length when a bandy legged Geordio ventured to suggest that perhaps the lot were out he was nearly blown kway with the taunts he received. The burly citizsn had by this lime got excited, and was on the point of saying "If I were a betting man I'd lay 0 to 4 on the Australians," wahen theboard was taken down andagainhung up. It showed all out for 333, and the burly man suddenly disappeared. Some vwry funny remarks and curious seaenes were heard and witnessed around the board. Even the.schoolboys spoke of Callaway as ' Sid," of Giffon as "George," while anyone who happened to be paroonally acquainted with one of the heroes had only to say so to collect a crowd round him eager to hear his little fairy tale. Unfortunately, yesterday was wet, and thle crowd round the board was small; but hundreds came, looked at the scores, and left. Nearly all had a word to say. That chestnut of chestnuts, "I told you so," was of course repeated so uften that the printer's devil, who noted as gum.boy, and who is all patience and ink, almost lost his temper. Among other "sayiugs was : "Ah! we've won this time. I said so as soon as Callaway and young Trott were put in. That just bears out my argument that the oldt heroes are too popular, and we lost the other two games tecaueo Turner and Lyons wore lefoi in." This speaker's comnpanion, also an Austra lian, agreed with him, and at that moment r Civil servant, high in his department, stayeod for a maoment glanced at the scores, and said, "The Englishmen ate no fools. If they had won this time the interest in the last two matches would bhe gone, and the gate nmouey would not pay expenses. Noa the excitement will Ibe greater tha. ever." Whi-king up his gingham he left one or trwo onlookers remnarking "Why - his eyes, he said the Eanglihmen sold it." " Yes," sid the other, "he's a file Government officlal, he should be sacked." Next to quoits the North country EEnglish miner loves cricket, and what is more he backs his opinion, and gives it with a degree of eloquence that bshooks the average Australian. They formed a good pare of the crowd on Saturday, and althotugh miners they altogether neglected the news of the strike ballot put up two yards away in their auxiety tb read the cricket scores. Two sauntered up yesterday anfter noon, and on seeing the score one said, " Maun, th' heat was oorful. They say Stoldart was near deed. and spent the neat in a shoor bath." "They didno try that hard, maun," said the other, "it would no da to win three running." A stranger ventured to point out that the team reaped no benefit from big gates, but the Geordis wouldn't believe him, and so his breath was wasted. "Look ye here, laddia," said a Scotchman who j iucd the rest, "bet you breeks on the next mnotch, and you ha' two pair ween it's over." This reanark, coming as it did from a man from north of the Tweed, where cricket is ahnmost un known (!), created a laugh; but the weather was wet, and the crowd soon dispersed. A little boy in bare feet spent half an hour copying the scores, and, when assisted by one of our staff, he said "Dad's in bed wi' the cold; he'll no bhleeve the reeting till he sees the .Adccate in the morning. " What countryman is he," said our reporter. " Same as Ward," said the youngster, as he ran off. Summed up, it must he said that the victory of the home toam is a popular one; and should they win the next match, the final meeting of the two teams in March on the Melbourne ground will raise the ex citement to fever heat, and the electria telegraph efeficials will have hard work to cape with the oncreased business that must result. 