COUNTRY NOTES. A week or two ago we were startled by the strange tales regarding the conduct of a certain 'spook' in the Singleton dis trict. Not to be behindhand in the hunt, Morpeth has now raised one of the shadowy gentleman (reports the Maitland paper). It appears that two persons, whose words can certainly be depended on, were pro ceeding to their homes after coming from Maitland by the train which arrives at Morpeth at about 7.20 in the evening. Their way ied them down the road towards the Hinton punt, whieh they have had to (and do) travel at all' times, and especially about the time mentioned above. There are no houses on either side of the road from the corner to the putt, and after goincr about 100 yards past the former place — strange freak of fate ! — the talk j turned to the subject of ghosts. One asked the other if he believed in such pheno mena, and after a few general remarks on the subject, expressed a wish to make the acquaintance of one. No sooner had the words gone past the lips than an in describable shape rose, as it were, from the gutter, and gliding across the road just in front of them ?nritb noiseless movements, disappeared in the darkness on the other side. The friends did cot run — they were incapable of it, for reasons better ima gined than explained. They managed to get away from the spot, however, and one of the participants in the adveuture de clared that the shape was about three feet high, and white with black rings on it. lie also declares that he made a kick at it, but his foot we%t past it into empty space, tie that as it may, when he reached tne terry, so rumor (ana tne puntinanj say, ne was very white and could scarcely speak, and now is very cautious when he has occasion to pass the spot. Strange as this may appear, there was an old man injured at this very spot some four or five years ago. He was riding a horse, and a mail coach coming behind him either struck or frightened his horse, so that the animal jumped against a telegraph post and threw or fell upon him, breaking his thigh. He was taken to the Maitland Hos pital, aud after being in the institution some seven or eight weeks, w*s just be ginning to knock about again, when he fell and broke his thigh the second time. Some few months before that accident, a man named Asinussen was riding along (the victim of the above accident, strange to say, was his companion) when his horse went over the bridge, and he received such injuries that he died about forty-eight hours later at the Hunter Eiver Steam Packet Inn, whither he was removed. It ?will therefore be seen that there is some slight grounds for the feelings of those, Buperstitiously inclined, to work upon. An unfortunate accident o£ a somewhat sensational and alarming character occur red (the ' Albury Daily News ' says) at Hamilton's circus on Monday evening, during the progress of the trapeze per formance. One of the lady artists had been going through a number of clever feats which involved a continued and severe physical strain. Towards. the $ nish, and when suspended at a Leiffht of about twenty ieet ironi the ground, the per former faltered, and to the horror of the audience appeared to lose her hold. Fora , few seconds ehe managed to. retain her hold, but after making several attempts to recover, the performer seemed to become wholly exhausted, and, letting go, fell to the ground, just touching her husbant^ who was on the lower bar, in her descent ( There vras no break to the terrible fall, however, and the girl struck the ground shoulder first with tre mendous force. She remained where §he lay perfectly motionless, and lor a moinent the audience were apprehensive that the girl ha.d been killed outright- When picked up she was lound to be ^uite in sensible, but injury to the spine is feared. The accid&nt;, it is said, was due to ex haustion, owiSm* to the prolongation of her act on the \mp&& ? On Friday night a large and influential meeting of selectors, graziers, and people interested in the land was held at Tat tersall's Hotel, Moree. The object of the XUC^ LIU.^ WAS K.\J J-VT-L ±±X O. MJ. CU-L^U \J±. tMt W& lectors and Graziers' Association in the north-west. The Mayor (Mr. S. L. Co hen) occupied the chair, and the room was crowded. Mr. Sheldon, ex-M.L.A., ex plained the objects the association had in view, namely, to band together all classes of landowners in order to take united action in all matters affecting the landed interests, either to support the Govern ment in measures for the benefit of the settlers, to oppose any detrimental mea sures. He pointed 'out that hitherto no united action had been taken for or against any Government action affecting the land ed interets. The audience was in. tho rough accord with the speaker, and at the conclusion of the meeting an influential committee was appointed. The commit tee met after the general meeting and for mulated all the necessary preliminary busi permanent footing. Many gentlemen were present from the surrounding dis tricts of Narrabri, Wee Waa, Millie, and other places. The movement is being supported in every district in the north west, and there is every indication of its becoming a strong political power, as all parties are coalescing in the matter. A magisterial inquiry was held at Jack's Corner, Kangaroo Valley, by the coroner (Mr. Z. G. Bice, J.P.) touching the death of Catherine Neville Gemmell, aged 14 years and 8 months. Evidence was given by the deceased's mother and her stepfather, William Henry King, and also by Dr. Samuelson, which showed that de ceased had been suffering at intervals dur ing the past two years from hysteria. She was suddenly taken ill on Friday, 14th in stant, and becoming gradually worse, Dr Samuelson was called in on the following Sunday morning, but deceased died about 1 p.m. the same day. The coroner found that deceased died from natural causes, to wit, epilepsy. Deceased's father was at one time carrying on a bakery business at Kangaroo Valley, where he suddenly died from epilepsy. His widow afterwards married her present husband, a son of John King, J.P., of Kangaroo Valley. Though a good many years have flitted since Mr. Robert Frost was in business at West End, he is not forgotten, says the Mudgee paper. He was the victim of a sad misfortune recently. From what seemed similar to a chillblain on the toe, and was treated as such, more serious symptoms developed, extending up the leg, until a few days ago, Drs. Nickoll and Beith decided the leg would have to be amputated below the knee. This was accordingly done last week, and though nearly 70 years of age, Mr. Frost is again well and hearty. Prior to the operation the patient scouted the idea of chloroform being administered, and wanted the doc tor to operate without it. The veteran was prepared to 'stand it,' so he said. We are pleased to hear that he is again cheery, and thankful to be spared a little longer in life to his family. At the Armidale Police Court on Tues day, before Mr. J. M'Lean, Thomas Cannon was charged with attempting to commit suicide. It will be remembered that Can- . non, who was a miner working at Herbert Park, attempted suicide at that place last ?New Year's Day by discharging the con tents of a gun into his left side. jHe was taken to the Armidale Hospital, where he ihas been under treatment until Friday 'morning last, when he was discharged as cured. Evidence was given i by Constable Cahill and Dr. Wigan. Accused, who elected %o be dealt with summarily, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to twenty-four hours in the lock-up. Wife: 'John, dear, what would you do if I were \o die?' . . . , . ; Husband: 'Don't speak of such a thing; I would be desperate.' . . - .. - ^ 'Do you think you would marry again?' 'Well, no; I don't tMnk I would be as j desperate as that.' ' 