THE GAME AND ITS PROGRESS. FULLER PARTICULARS. (BT BALL.) MELBOURNE, SATURDAY. Friday night the sky presented en ominous aspect that was sufficient to cause doubts to arise in the minds of many as to whether the clouds which so effectually concealed every star in the heavens would not weep more or less either before or on the following day. These gloomy anticipations were, however, completely dispelled this morning, when a precisely similar day to the previous one made the conditions meteorologically as perfect as cricketers and spectators alike could desire. A steady rush of the public invaded the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and when the hands of the clock pointed to twelve all the pavilions and stands were packed, while the "bob" crowd pre sented every appearance of being the phe. nomenally large on3 which Major Wardill anticipated it would be. To look rou id the ground one could not help giving a sigh of sympathy with the V R.O., whose attendance must have been terribly discounted by the strong attraction which the cricket match in its interesting stage presented. Among those present in the pavilion I noticed several prominent Lmunoeston residents. The Englishmen turned out into the fie!d punctually and were warmly received. Darling, not out 72, and Gregory, not out 70, followed them out and took their place at the wickets, their reception at the hands of the spectators as may easily be imagin, d b.ing enthusiastio. Pool opened the bowling to Darling, who got a smartly run single off the second ball, but Peal fielding the hit and th owing it in at his own end to try to effect a run out, an overthrow for one resulted. Darling hit out at the next, but the break beat him, and instead of driving it he sent it in the slips, whore Ford effected a smart left-handed catoh, and the South Aus tralian had to return to the pavilion with his score standing at 74 Lyons opened with a single off his first hall, The crowd watched him with breathless interest, and his confident style, despite one or two strokes, seemed to please them. At 286 disaster ogain overtook the Australians, for Gregory just touched a fast one from Richardson, which flew straight into the hands of Philipeon behind the wickets. The rule of partnership applied to that of Darling and Gregory, for when one went the other soon followed. The applauio which greeted him was, however, considerably subdue I by the knowledge that six were down for 286, and that two good wickets had fallen in rather more than five minutes. Graham now joltel Lyons. A loud " Oh !" from all round the groun 1 greeted a bad stroke on the part of the South Australian, which Peol made a gallant attempt to reach, but it fell out of harm's way, and when the over-a maiden-had been negotiated by the giant of the team the spectatrse felt so relieved that they burst into a kind of automatio applause. The burly South Australian was not long in getting into double figures, a fine out for four- all run out-making him 10, and his many admirers were immensely delighted and sure that Jack would make a score. One of Peel's best Graham, but his pads stopped it, the bowler raising his hands over his head in mute expression of keen disappointment, it having beaten the bat and failed to obtain the wicket. Graham's first good hit-a four to leg off the Surrey fast bowler--brcught the 800 on the hoard. When four runs, however, bad been added, Richard'os bowled the Victorian with a beautiful length ball, which took the stumps just below the tails. Graham had only made half a dozen, Three wloktsa had fallen in half an hour for only 22 runs, and Alb. Trott went in to stay the rot. In the remain der of the fast bowler's over he made a two and a three, while he cut the last ball of Peel's next over above the heads of the field to the cba'ne, making his total nine. Trott for some time monopollsol the bowling, but Lyons the next ball he received-one from Riohardson-oredited himself with a quartet a beautiful drive aleno the carpse. An appeal was made against hioa for a catch at the wickets cff the next ball, but the umpire would not listen co it. The prospect of a lengthy stand by Lyons and Trott roused the immense crowd from the despondency caused by the disaster of the first 30 minutes' play, and each hit was loudly applauded, the scene being positively enthusiastic when Lyons put two successive balls from Richardson to the chains, and the next to leg for a single, which made his score 30. Trott's standing at 10, while the total was 330. The extraordinary antics of a "Yorker" from Richardson, which Lyons blocked, provided amusemon. for the specta tors, the ball screwing round to leg while Lyons was vainly searching for it to see it did not roll on to his wicket. At 3'35 Trott fell a victim to Peel, being taken by Lockwood in a very easy manner. Peel hid throughout provel too good for Trott, who repeatedly opened his shbouldors to him, and tried to get him away but failed. Jarvie took the crease. Lyons snicked himself into the forties off Richardson, the ball reaching the fence, The nex3 was a very bumpey one, and jumpod off Lyons, but dangerously high, in the air, Luckily for him no one could reach it, Brown making a gallant attempt at it. But it wanted a man as tall as the batsman. Jarvis was playing bs adily, leaving Lyons to do the run getting, but he credited himself with a triplet by a pretty cut off a full pitch ball from the Surrey bowler. He also got Pool away to square leg for four in most workmanlike manner. At 3'59 Lockwood took the ba'l from Riohardson. His first delivery whistled over Lyons's wicket, and the crowd whistloe too. The next Lyons out to the boundary, which made him 51; the following twa he drove for a couple each, but just as the spectators were beginning to comment on the expensiveness of the over the South Australian with a most wretched stroke tipped one gently and burely into Poiliipeon's hand., and nine wickets were down for 367. I'Kibbin, the colt of whom such griam things are expected in the bowling line, partnered Jarvis, and the field was brought closer in, presenting a marked contrast to its arrangement when Lyons was batting. Several smart runs were effec'ed, but Mt'Kibbin nearly run himself out by his own hesitation. When half-past one arrived these two were still together and batting freely, though popular opinion was that they would not last long, judging at any rano from the stoentorian yell of "Play on" teat resounded from the "barracking " element of the assemblage Of course no heed was taken, and the adjournment took place as usu l. The luncheon hour witnessed a very large influx of spectators, and when play was re sumed at 2'15 the players were hemmed In all round by a solid phalanx of humanity, the attendance being estimated at close on 30,000. Speculation was rife as to whether the last wlket would see 400 hoisted, and when M'Kibbin was instrueeontal in doing this by a nice drive for four at Peel's expense those who had won drinks on it felt plea'ed as well as thirsty, while those who lost did to with a grace born of satisfaction. Stoddart had to try the effect of another change in the bowling before tho Innings closed Richardson and Briggsreplacing Lockwood and Peel. Richard son seemed rather too much for M'Kibbin to negotiate, but he survived the over, only, however, to fall a victim to Brigge's slows, one of which he lifted to mid-off, where Peel effected an easy catch, and the Australian's first innings closed for the excellent total of 414\. When the bowling analysis was made up it was found that Briggs came out top with two for 45, Peel following with four for 114, while Richardson's three cost him 133, and Look wood's one was obtained at an expense of 72 ru'hs. The score at the fall of the vat ions wickets stood at 40, 101, 126, 142, 284, 286, 301, 335, 367, and 414. A quarter of an hour saw the wioket rolled and Brockwell and Ward facing the bowling of Giffen and H. Trott. The toath Australian bowled first from the railway end, the over yielding six, of whlch Brockwell mado five. Trott met with extraordinary success, inasmuch as Brockwell went out to his first delivery, and was smartly stumped by Jarvis, who never gave him a ghost of a chance to get back over his crease. One for six was a disas. trous beginning for the Englishmen, and Stoddart seemed in a very pensive and dis appointed mood when he went out to take Brockwell's plaoo, only raising his eyes off the ground to acknowledge the hearty reo ption he received. The utmost care characterised the play of both batsmen, an:d for a long time singles were the order of the day, and the innings bad lasted quite forty minutes before tho Middlesex amatour made the first four, Trott having to pay for this luxu'y. Scoring now bee ime faster. but both Stoddart and Ward felt the responsibility upon their shoulders and ran no risks, Ward in particular playing a blocking game; In f-ot he only made six while his oaptain put on 26 Whin the score reached 45 Harry Trott, whose one wicket hbd cost 14 runs, was taken off, and his brother A. E put en, while Giff-n, who had boon punished to the tune of 30 without the satisfaction of a wlokoigave way, t, Mb'Kibbin, and the crowd was on the tiptoe of expectancy to see how he would shape. Ward did not seem to relish his deleveries, and in his firstover put one up over the head of Trott at point, the fieldsman just touching it, though it could hardly be called a chance, The double change diminished the rate of scoring for a few overs, but before long the batsmen began to put on runs steadily by sci nttfia and accu rate, if not brilliant, play, and when 91 was on the board H. Trots was brought back to his old end. ' Bowl himr, aid let's get on," yelled an uneasy spectator to M'Ktbbin as he com menced an over at Stoddast, but it was a csee of easier said than done. The English captain's time was not yet come, and before the crowd experieno d the relief of seeing him on his way back co the pavilion they oero destined to witness the cleanness and prclision with which he punished anything which it was safe to hit. Only one loome ball did Stoddart miss-one that pitched outside his leg stump-and no doubt iM'KIibbi' duly coogratulatod him elf when the batsman mls~ed such a glorious opportunity of making the first five of the match. The honour of dismissing the English captain was reserved for Harry Trott, who, after repeated unsuccessfal attempts, at length succeeded in tempting him, When the score stood at 110 he jumped out to a tioer, and missing it Jarvis had the olils off in the twinkling of an eye. It was rth smartest bit of stumping imaginable, and for a time the throng was uncertain as.to whether Stoddart was in or out. But when he commenced to move away from the crease a scene of intense enthusiasm prevailed. Hats were waved, handkerohiafs displayed, while those in the pavilion and the stands rose to their feeoot and choeered lustily, first for J.rvis, then for Trott, while when the full figure of the dismissed batsman drew nearer the reserve every eye and every cheer was directed at him, the fallen hero running into the pavilion in order not to necessarily prolong the ovation bestowed upon him. The Aust:alians now breath.d more freely. Jarvis immediately soared to a pinnacle of fame in the eyes of the crowd hitherto un known to him, and eo great was their coufidencoe in him that every ball that passed the wicket and was taken by him was for a second or so regerded as anoth.r wicket down. Indeed, whtn Jarvis did mike an appeal against Brown a loud whoop of " Out" from scores of tbr sats was heard long before Phillips's calm "' Not out" was delivered. The wish was In-teed father to the thought. When Giffen brought H. Trott back in place of his brother many anicipatod he would relieve M'Kibbin at the other eud, but the colt was allowed to continue, and after he had sent down a malden bowled Ward with a splendid ball that osame in from leg. Tere were down for 112, of which Ward had made 32 by very olu:ious play. bl'Kibbln had been bothering Ward a'l through, and at last succeeded in getting his wicket. I'Laren was next in, aud coring became facter, iM'Laren being credited with two fours off sue. ceessivd balls through Graham's carelessness, the next ball, too, beiog despatched in the same direction, but the loudly ex)reaced disappAint. ment of the crowd had its effeot on Graham, and this one was smartly returned. With 140 up Bruoce, ielding very close in at equaro leg, tried to snap Brown off the bat, but he was not quite able to roach it. At 151 A. E. Trott was brought back in place of his brother, and after M'Luron had made a o:uple of graceful leg sweeps to the boundary--one off e0ch bowler- Giffen took the ball from M'Kibbin. The South Auctrallan, however, was dec.dodly off colour, and repeatedly sent down loose balls, which were immediately despatched to the boundary. It is said th.t he is soffering from the effect of several smart raps he re ceived on his fingers when batting. However, young Trott with a fast ball bowled the York shireman, who had played a free innings for 30, including five boundary hits. Peel j ined M'.L ren, who had made 25, and both scored freely off each of the boelore, the manner in which the amateur swung rouud and punished Glff-n to leg being very eff:otive. M'Laren raised 200 by putting M'KibLin, who at 185 relloved A. E. Trott, to leg for four, and at that stage stumps were drawn, lI'Laron being not out 40 and Peel not out 18. MELBOURNE MONDA'r. Compared with Saturday's Immenseu atten dance the ground was only sparsely filled to. day whin the b-el rung to warn the players thb t the hour of twelve was at hand. Never theloess there was a great many present, and they continued to pour in in a steady stream, which was sufficient to indicate that publie, Interest in the contest was in no way di minished, and that after lunch the ground would present its well-fi lel aspect of Friday afternoon. There was a change in the weather, the beautiful o~ol breezy of the first two days having been replaced by a wa:m northerly one. Within a few seconds of twelve Giffn led his men out, and 7M'Lareu and Peel soon followed to continue their innings. A E. Trott opened the bowling to M 'Laron. who got a single off his fifth delivery. lM1'Kibbin took the ball at the pavi ion end with the wind behind him, and opened with a malden. M'Laren g ,t Trott away wi:h his charscteristio lo, g.ance for a couple, and next ball but one a pretty late out to the boundary showed plainly that Sunday's rest had by no means put his eye out as an interruption so often does. Peel brought 210 on the board by putting M'Kibbin In the slips for three, all run out. Another leg hit by M1 'Larea to the fence off M'Kibbin made him 51, and when he drove the next ball to the on for another quartet he was decervedly and impartially cheered. Peel was content with singles,. Twenty runs were added in lest than a quarter of an hour. A fast late out by Peel cff Trott was beautifully stopped and returned by M'KIbbin, who was fielding splendidly, and then the Yorkehireman made a lucky two by a snick to leg whial just kept the ball cff his stumps. M'KIbbin'then pitched one well up to Peel, and it went clean and hard along the grass to the fence for four, brioiog 230 up. Lyons smartly stopped a ball, which was appre. elated and duly applauded by the crowd, the South Australian not being noted for his work In the field, which is often enough to demoralise the whole team. So far, however, in this match he has fielded fairly well. M'Klbbtin appealed for lbw against Pool, but unsuccessfully. Trost and M'Kibbln now managed to materially re dueo the rate of scor ing, but the batsman, M'Laren, played the bowling with the grestest confidence and with a bat so straight as to make his wlcket im pregnable, Trott, with a very fast one, surprised batsman, wicketkeeper, and indeed everyone on the ground, thebs ball travelling to the pavilion fence and bringing sundries In'o double figures. A smart piece of quick running stole a sing'e, the feat roeelivng a double round of applause, one for the run and rne because with it 240 went up. Giffen took the ball from the Bathurst representativo, and the char ga was received in silence, his punishment of the pre vious day being remembered. The over yielded four. His next was a maiden, the amateur playing it carefully. The first of Trott's next over rose abruptly, and weont up is the slips off Peel's bat, but fell out of danger, though three men made a ruih for it. It was, how ever, not a chanoe. When 250 went up hM'Laren had 61 and Peel 43. The average rate of the scoring h d been a run a minute. A splendid bit of fielding by H. Trott at point looked for all the world like a high one-handed catch, but Peel had cut the ball hard on to the turf and was in no danger of losing his wicket. There was a great improvement In the Australian captain's bowling on that of the present day ; he kept a far' better length and was much more difficult to negotiate. Twos and singles, chiefly by iM'Laren off Trott, brought 260 on the board, and then Peel pulled Giffen round to square leg for four. Driving the next high over the bow'e:'s head, Iredale rushed from near the fence to get under, but though he succeeded the puce at which he was travelling was too fast for him to hold the ball, which he let drop. Disappointment reigned supreme. The two run for the chance made Peel 50. At this stage Bruce was tried in place of Trott, and sent down a maiden for a start. Peel made a precisely similar bit to that off which Iredale so nearly caught him, and Giffen brought that fieldsman almost directly behind bias for Peesl' especial benefie. This hit brought the total to 272, M'Laron having reaohed 70,while the York shire professional was only one short of 60. Both batsmen had " refreshers," and soon after 280 appeared, M'Laren just touching one of Giffen'a to the boundary t leg. Asingle by Peel made the score 282 for four wickets, exactly the total when Darling and Gregory returned to the pavilion on Friday evening when stumps were drawn, and for the same number cf wickets. It did not, however, remain long at that, for Peel, as soon as the figures were u?, legged Giffeo for a quartet. M'Laren was loudly cheered when his total reachod 75, which was top score of the match so far. Giffen va.iad his tactics by bringing the fiold on the off side much closer in, some of his balls being pitched rather short and getting up awkwardly. M'Laran, however, refused to be had, and kept them down. At the adjourn ment the total was 295, of which M 'Laron had 78 and Peel 66, both being heartily cheered as they came in. The attendance since play commenced h d increased enormously, and all the pavllions and stande were densely packed by a large gathering, whi.h took a c'ooe interest in every detail of the play and applauded almost every stroke or bit of work deeme:l worthy of such, Taken all round the crowd was very impartial. 