/HENRY GEORGE AND CHRISTIANITY. Thus the Prophet of San Francisco in a sermon »t Glasgow :? - Think of What Christianity teaches as ; think of the life and death of Him who came to die for men I Think of His teachings, that -w© are all the equal children of an *'? almighty Father, who is no respecter of per . ? feonl, jand then think of this legalised in justice— this denial of the most important, most fundamental rights of the children of God, which jotne men— the very men who teach, tJhristiaoity — nphold ; nay, which they blasphemously assert is the design and the intent of the Creator Himself. Better to me, higher to me, is the atheist, who says there is no God, than the professed Christian, who, prating of goodness and the Fatherhood of God. tell us in words as some do, or tells as indirectly as others do, that millions and millions of human creatures tat this point a baby was heard crying]— don't take the little thing out — that millions and millions of human beings, like that little baby, are being brought into the world daily by the creative fiat, and no place in this world provided for them. Aye ! tell ns that by the laws of God, the poor are created in order that the /Lab may have the unctions satisfaction of dealing out oharity to them — tell ns that a state of things like that which ?xUti in this city of Glasgow, as in other great oitift* on both sides of the Atlantic, where little children are dying every day, dying by hundreds of thousands, because, having come into this world — thete children V of God, with His fiat, by His decree— they find that there is not space on the earth , ' . snffident for them to live ; and driven out I ' of the world because they cannot get room 'enough. 'cannot set air enough, cannot get . , sustenance enough. I believe in no such , \jtpis If I di.l, though I mi«ht bend before u jMm w fear, I would hate him in my heart, . . ' tflp* aronnd any country in the civilised ''world ; is there not room enough to spare? ': ? Not fo-kt enough? Look at the unemployed ' ? Jlajbpr^ look at the idle acres, look through '?.',.'.' ; »veYy country and see natural opportunities \- , going to . waotei Aye ! that-Cbrirtianity that puts on the Creator the evil, the in justice, iheanffering, the. degradation, that .arb; due ' to. itnan's injustice* -fa wore', far 'worsV, thWath-Um. That is the blasphemy, anA if there be a sin against the Holy Ghost, ikalb tut unp*rdon»blo sin, 