COMPLETE STOJir. A BAB NIGHT, dy MUIRHEAD ROBERTSON, Author of "A Lombard Streot Mystery," &o.; All Queensland Rioiits Rebebved.' An old friend nnd I wero discussing one ovoning tho subject of supornatnral manifesta tions. T expressed my sceptioal opinions with out reserve, nnd pooh- poohed ovory so-called "ghost story" as oithor the invontion of tho novelist, or tho result of a violent dis arrangement of tlio digestivo organs, or of hysteria, unusual nervous strain, or of other abnormal conditions which I mentionod. "Anyway." I suid, bringing down my fist with a thump on too table, "there nover has been suoli a thing us a real ghost, or an aotual spiritual manifestation. I havo slept in a variety of queer places, and havo been disturbed by unoanny noises, all of whioh, after a little cool deliberation, I wns able to account for on uatural grounds." " I, too, after having travelled for more than thirty years, lmvo experienced all kinds of nocturnal disturbances', all, or most of whioh woro easily attributable to natural cnusos." "Of course," said I, with tho emphasis given by deeply rooted convictions. " But, uftar ull tlioso foreign travels, it was a thriving English town whioh wus destined to bo too soeno of a visitation to mo— us I mUBt cull it — whioh could hot possibly have arisen through human agency." " Are you quite suro ?" " Quite." "I Bhould like to hear tho story, only I toll you candidly that whatever it may turn out to bo, my opinion will remain unaltered. It isn't a very horriblo story, is it ?" "Not very." "Thon, pray bogin." "After a \v est Indian voyage I arrived in England. In a short timo I had to pay a visit to a bnsy provincial town, and put up for the night at a respectable private hotel." " Were you in good health?" "In oxccllent health. I was ns vigorous as I had ovor been in my lifo, unil was labouring under nono of tlio ailments whioh you men tioned just now. I had noither purtakon of fiot'k ohops for suppor, nor beon drinking. I ravo always beon a most tomporato man. I ought also to remind you that I am not, by any means, a nervous fellow. I havo faced dangora ofton und often, both on land and soa, without thut unpleasant sense of fear whioh forces all one's self-command to oozo out at the fingor ends. "Well, to continue too story— an attendant at tho hotel showed mo to my l'oon), which al though olean and tidy, had no ulr of comfort about it. It was large and lofty, witli two windows nnd a fireplaco. Tho scant furniture was substantial and old. A tablo stood in tlio middle of tlio room, with a few books lipon it. Tlio bedstead was uu antique four- poster," " Of course— always a four-poster whero ghosts tiro concerned,"! remarked. " But, go on, and excuse mo interrupting." " Bosidos two or tarco chairs, two looking- glilBses and a fow knick-knacks, tboro was u stroiigly- mndo woodon olosot, erected in n recess of too briok wall. I was too tired to inspect anything closely, and in a fow minutes I hud undressed, nnd was fast asleep. In about two hours — but I'll not bo suro about tho timo — I was disturbed by a door bunging. At first I blamed somo Into arrival who hnd no considera tion for other people, but on socond thoughts, I suspected by the nearness of tho banging, that the noiso was in my room. So I got out of bed and lit toe caudle. Suro enough, too door of that empty closet was wido open. " I coneluded that it hud not boon proporly fastened, or that, , from somo trifling cuuso — warping perhaps— i.'.bad flown opon. I fastened it necuroy,,'got snugly utidor tho shoots, and was soon iu a socond sound sleop. Again wus I disturbed by tho door banging — not. once, but two or three timos. I vowed diro vcngcunco on tho thing, und on somo puff of wind tlrat may havo been frolicking with it. As soon us I was quite awako it ceased banging. ' Bothor tlio door,' I exclaimed, us I drew too bedclothes over my sliouldors. ' It muy close itself thiB timo, or go on bunging tu doomsday, I shan't troublo any raoro about it.' So I resumed my tdumbois. "Baug! It camo louder tlrau boforo, and banged me out of bed in quiok timo. I was despurately annoyed nt tooso frequent disturb ances, but hud not tho remotest idea of assign ing a supernatural causo to tliora. Again I oxumined the refractory door, und also tlio interior nf tho closot ; but I found tho walls well eovorad with paper and no signs of a looso briok or of an opening for admission of a strong draught. "Tlioro was no key; hut tho fastening seemed strong nnd in good condition. Sol adjusted it once more, nud thon tried to pull tho door opon, but failed. That was sufficient proof tlint uny draught muBt bo of hurricane strength to forco it from its fastening. Thon I returned to bod iu an easier frumo of mind, being quito confident that I should rest in peaoe for tlio remaindor of too night. " Bang— bang— bang 1 Thus I was startlod again, and very soon, too, after losing con sciousness. And tboro wus mora than n hanging door this timo to bothor 1110. Tlio bedstead bogan shaking and creaking in a peculiar and most unaccountable nrann'er. As soon as I stirred, both door and bedstead woro motionless. Presently I slipped out of bed and re-examined tlio closet, too door and its fastening, but could discover no cause for tlio disturhunco ; nor was there any sign of great forco having icon used to drive tho door open. "Tho noxt thing I did was to oxnmino too bodstoad. I shook it, and pulled it in ovory dirootion, but without oxtraoting anything liko the noiso. that it hnd been making only u few minutes boforo. Finally, I looked carefully undor tho bod, inspected closely every bit of furniture, priod into ovory liolo and" cornor' und oxumined tho walla from floor to ceiling, but found nothing to explain wlrat lind oc curred." "Are you euro it wasn't all a dream P" "Positive. I wus us conscious ns I am now." "You don't apponr to have boon nervous." "No ; boeause, I snpposo, the idea of a super natural visitation was entirely absent from my mind." "Did you go to bed again ?" " 0, yes. I refastened ton door, tumbled into bed, and wns dozing off into anothor sound sleep when both <(oor nnd bodstoad renewed their vagaries, sometimes alternately, and sometimes togotlior. As soon as I moved tho noises ceased. Woll, J thought, thoro was no nso in bothering nbout that confounded door any further, ho I remained in bed. A strange kind of fcoling camo over me, but not from nervous alarm. It was nn uuplcnsnnt, almost sickly sonsation, but difforont to anything I ovor ro- momborod experiencing." " I suppose you rang the bell nnd asked for another room P" " No, I did not. I thought of doing so ; but somohow, I hnd grown so interested 111 specu lating on tlio possiblo cause of toeso noises that I dotorminod to lio in bed quietly, and await any additional display of self-assortivonoss pos- sossod by Bomobody or somotoing boyond my ken. But I waited in vain, for no more noises ocourrod. As morning bogun to dawn I dropped nsloop, awaking at breakfast timo undor tho conviction tlrat I hnd boon robbed of a good night's rest." " Of courso yon complained to too landlord." " I complainod to tho first attendant I met on leaving my room, a man who lrad ovidontly boon in too placo a long time, und who, I boliovo. was too manager. 1 ' " 'Tlioy had 110 buaineBS to givo you thnt room,' said ho. 1 It ought to lmvo boon looked up. It is unuBual to put any visitor thoro. I urn oxcoediugly sorry you havo bcon so dis turbed.' " 'Then I am not tho first to .complain, of thoso noises?' " ' No, sir, you aro not.' "It thus appoared that tho night attendant, who wus now to his work, lrad allotted mo un annrtmont whioh oonfosscdly, was untenant able. - "Boforo loaving too hotel, I learned, after ,man? fatilo attempts, a littlo bit of tho history of that room. It was a difficult matter to get any ono to enlighten mo ,011 too subject, from a fonr, I afterwards judged, tlrat too interests of tho house might suffor." "Well, wlrat. was tho 'littlo hit of history' you Bpeak of?" I asked my friend. " It wns simply this. A certain murderer" (mentioning a notorious villain's name), " after committing his foul orimo, slept in that room for several nights. Ho was, as you romembor, at lost convioted and hanged." "Then I presume you infer tlrat it was his Serturbcd spirit that was banging opon too oor und shaking too bed?" " I do. I can como to no other conolusion." " I can't agree with you." "Then how is the occurrence to bo ox- plained?" " I don't explain it at all. I loave it. among the tilings tlrat are inoxplicablo without an ex haustive inquiry, for which tho game isn't worth tho candle." My friend told mo too namo of tho town nnd tho unmo of too liotol, and also described tho situation of toe room. It is my private intention to spend a night in that houso nt tho oarliest opportunity, and oooupy tho "haunted" room. I havo given tho account just as my friend related. His voraoity is unimpcaohablo, and ho is ono of tho most cool-headod and solf- possosscd inon whom I havo ovor mot. Perhaps, by noxt Christuius, if I got the ohunoo of runhing down to , I may havo a supplementary account to givo of a visit from too mardoror's spirit, and liavo causo to rofrain from mliouling in futuro too painstaking re searches of tho Psychical Sooloty. 