A CAPTURE BY THE POLICE. (By' Luke Sharp :tin -.Exchange.) j ,;Billy Sims waB enjoying'tbat period of! rest and peace 'which corned to a man! whenhiB wife and family go to the ise'a-1 side^nd leave1 him in possession r'pf .the house. Then a person can 'stay out ad late as he likes ; h& may sinoke id' any, room in the house ; he may even go toi bed with' 'liia boots on If it so pleases! him.' '''' ' '\ ' ../? , ' .'????; ? Billy had expected to stay ab the sea for a ; couple of weeks, bat a telegram had j recalled him to town after being a day ori two away, and he came joyfully back, for' the sea bored hi'-m and there was nothing! lively going on at the -resort his family had-cboaen. Before-he 'left town Billy ] had fold the' police of his-Buburb that thej house would be closed f or a'forttiight, and; he, asked them 'to keep an eye on the! premises. Billy's faith In the force was j somewhat shaken when he unexpectedly! returned, found he had left his latchkey at Marine ville, and was thus compelled to! climb in at. a window a little after mid-! night, yet no notice was taken of him. ' He gob out in the same way next morning \ and telegraphed for his keys. He i roamed all-over the house with a lighted ? candle at various periods of the night, but iho guardiana of the peace never disturbed him, and 'Billy made up his mind that the next time he went away he would take out a burglar insurance and not trouble the guardians who guarded bo carelessly. 'On Saturday afternoon Billy, having a day orfi, took a day on, as it were, and Went for a long Bpin through the country on his bicycle. He had dinner at a way side' inn and got home hot and tired. Put ting his machine in Its shed he entered the house, poured out for himself a glass of cooling stimulants, and rested his weary body in his most comfortable armchair, - Bipplng his gratifying mixture In accor dance with the directions on the bottle. The house was very quiet, tnd soon Billy dropped off to sleep. He woke up sud ? denly and found everything still very quiet and very dark as well, yet he had the feeling within him that he had been awakened by a noise. He listened intently sitting still in the comfortable chair, and presently the chandelier above his head gave a slight rattle as it was in the habit of doing when someone was walking - in the room overhead. Billy did not be lieve in ghosts, for he was a newspsper man and could hardly be said to believe in anything. Again the chandelier jingled, yet there waB no noise of a footstep over head, and it dawned upon Billy's scarcely awakened faculties that whoever was above him waa going around in his stocking feet trying to be as silent as possible. Billy regretted that he did not own such a thing as a revolver, for he felt convinced that at last burglars were in the house. He vaguely saw himself writing an account of the Incident headed, 'Desperate Encounter with a Burglar — Heroic Conduct of a Suburban Householder,' Fired by this thought, and in spite of the distinct creeping of his scalp which wb exaggerate into terming the sensation of the ba-'r standing on end, Billy grasped the poker that lay on the fender by hla chair and cautiously orept out into the hall, making his way like a oat up the sbair, fervently hoping that no step would creak. . ?.'.'.'.?. At the landing above Billy peered into the bedroom from which the light isaued and was appalled to see not one burglar! but three. This exceeded Billy's most ardent expectations. He had - been pre-j pared/ for a desperate encounter' with one,, especially jf he could have crept ''W on, him and landed him one on the nob with; the poker before the burglar was aware that' there was anybody else in the house, but; a fight with three was5too much of a good thing. One of them would be certain to; have a piBtol, which, would make things; even more interesting. Glad as he would'; be to have an exclusive item for his paper,; he had no desire to have some one- else! write it up, and head it, 'Dastardly! Marder of a Reporter in Lonelyville.') There are some sacrifices that- a man does! not care to . make, even for his paper. : Moderation in' all things was Billy's motto.j The burglars had evidently come to thei conclusion that there was no one in the| house, for no guard was set. They moved about quietly, but that merely came from* long practice in an arduous profession! where there waa much night work and! luueinanKB trom a callous public. ±$uiy did not pause to think that these men had no Saturday night off, and that they were most induBtrioua while the people were sound asleep. We generally think that our own particular occupation has the moat drawbacks, giving little heed to the discomforts of others. '-?? One man was holding a bag open and the other two were creeping about filling the raceptical with various useful articles \ prized by connoisBeurs and collectors. ' I think we've got as much as we can carry, ' whispered the man who waa hold ing the bag. xnis remarK caused istUy to reflect that if he was going to do anything in the matter it waB time to set about it. So he emulated the conduot of the celebrated Duke of York, who marched his men up the hill and straightway marched them down again. Billy crept down the stair with the unused poker still in hia fist. He realised that if he went to the police station, which waa some distance away, the burglars would be gone before help came. . Then the brilliant idea occurred to him that he might follow the thieves silently on his bicycle, mark their lair, come with AT* n Wt*^ls\ W«#«lSv«r« £-«.a«KM a !? 1. - _ 1 ? _1_ ? 3 an autjjio jjujiuo luiuaitt U1B DaUK unu capture the whole outfit, tfeuB earning the eternal gratitude of the entire neighbour hood. Then the item would be headed : ' Clever Capture of a Band of Burglars— The Silent Cycle Followa Them to Their Rendezvous.' Billy, quietly got his machine out from its shed, noiselessly unlatched the back gate, closed it again as silently as he had opened it, and waited in the shadow Of a tree across the way. In a few moments the burglars came out, each carrying a bag. They peered up and down the deserted street and then slipped out, walking rapidly away together. Billy had no difficulty in following them. His only trouble was the, street lamps, which he avoided as well as he could. by keeping on the opposite side of the road irqm them. He hoped he would meet a police man, bo that he might give the alarm, and hia wish wan gratified. The 'officer stepped unexpectedly out from ; beside a tree, and he grasped 'Billy by the arm* ' c What are you doing' cycling out at this time of'the night without your lamp lit 1' ' My lamp lit, you fool,' gasped Billy, taken by surprise, and therefore not having time to choose his language with the care -,a man should use when address ing so important a personage as a. police- man. ? How the— —could I chase burglars with a lit' lamp 1' 'That's all very.fine,'.' said, the officer ; ' I've heard- that -kind of a-'Btory before. A man doesn't get up and dress himself in a full bicycling suit to chase burglars at 2 in the morning.' ' '; '? '-li '^ 11 Bub I slept in my bicycling suit, yon ass,' protested Billy, feeling; as he said it, that it sounded rather thin and unbeliev able in the keen morning air. t 'I'll report the language you are using to the magistrate,' said the policeman calmly, knowing the whole machinery of the law waB witi him. : ' My house has been burglarised,' cried Billy. 'The three thieves passed yon with their swag and, I don't suppose you ever saw them. Precious lot of good you idiots are.noi only letting the rascals slide, but arresting and stopping a man who ia robbed and who is trying to do the work you are paid for doing.' ' Come and tall all this to the officer on duty at the station. You're bicycling without a lamp at night, and that's all I have to deal with, and I'm going to deal with it.' Billy broke into language that was both deplorable and Indefensible, but the policeman merely noted it down and took the unfortunate man to the station. Billy speedily convinced the night man at the police station that a mistake had been made, and two of the force were sent to investigate. They reported that the house had been buglariaed with neatnesa and despatch, and the burgling birds had flown. The magistrate told Billy next' morn- ing that if he had been more moderate in his talk this miscarriage of justice might not have happened.. He should not use such language, the magistrate said, and when Billy asked what else he could have used, seeing that he had no club with him, the magistrate remarked that he would fine him for contempt of court if he tried hia flippancy on the bench. So the irem appeared as ' Burglary at Lonelyville,' and another paragraph stated that Bill Sims, a -well-known journalist, had been fined for riding about the streets at two in the morning on a bicycle with an unlit lamp, and that Billy was supposed to have been intoxicated at the time, whereas the truth was that the magistrate let Billy off with the repri mand aforementioned. Aa the police have not yet succeeded In capturing the thieves, although they are always coming on a new and gratifying clue, Billy thinks this is a faard world'. 