'Acooa'a Ghost.' A apeciai meeting ot tnn Jaurrutn|-i(jgeo Tun CIuk C inmitte*(aaya the Wagga Ex press) wts held lasteveaio^ at Tattertati^, A ist' iliaa Ho. el, to ^oa«dsr a -h»g« of lurf miprictiae ia eonaeatiaa with the running of Co.sair in the Selliig Rioa on (b«s-coail day of the recent Cup meeting brought by the rider, M'Oregor. againlt the' portsm m who taca under the nom -f-p(umc of Mr. W. J. Braddan. After a lancrthir Alt. liberatlsa the oammittet by a large majority decided tbat the charge had not been sus tained. The various trainers who patronise «ur local heath are getting their various oliarges in trim for tbe Chriatm ?$ and Sew Year Meetiags, and, as a result the course pre sent* a gay aud animated appai a,nee in the siorniag. Jim Beck's team coosia t of The Boas Tailor, Qaumain, and a two-year-old filly, hu Hi»tframYtit.YVimfchv anil th^rftfram h^li brother to Oautnain aud Euvy. The Tailor, who U on the 014 aide, is nominated ireely for the events down the line. He moves well ia his work, and whatarer h« mentor decides to l«t him have a ' eut for' be will ahake 'em up. Oaamain loiks nios iind fr*«h after his ip-ll. The Birigam'.i! filly ia, to my mind, the best of the three ra m b* rs of the family, and if 'lie doe* not turn out a good oue, then I will be v-sry much, surprised. Old Jaok Hoysted hot 6ve anfar hit eare, viz , May Day, Lindsay, 8tewardeu, VVid giewa, and a yo«ngtter. ' Ma,yd-y, was going to Hay, but the. handloappers have put that out of the questim, and the baa b'-en tor tohad. Hoys.ed is vry wrath ovr-r th* mare't impost, and lightly ton. He says that he would have UUen, the jour ney, only be was uot tore whether h ? wouM be able to borrow a su ky on hit arrivil. Lindsay and Stewardess bath look and go well, and should win a race or two at D*r liogton Point and Whtcton. AU. trtaooo hu .St. Sierra in again. 8he has thrown off all her soren*f«, and moves very fret. The Trenton filly under this trainer'* Charge ia improving diily. Envy attl^aoatruke, uader the nuirdlan. ship of W. Andrews, get through th* tafk allotod them very tatiifaotory, the tatter bowls along In great heart. Bnvy ?» picking up, and witb *£e, will no ilouht Improve. Watty Bilwin bat Daybi-eak in t;ood nick, ami I will b* dUappointeJ if he Joes not bring gist to the mill during tb* noliriavi. Jaik Mukell baa Mamba and a Sunrise youngster iu hand. The former, who has had a long apell owin^ to an injury ia a hurdle raoe ia Melbourne, is to be given an. other try ar the illegitimate business, bat it, is doubtful if he will stand ft pnptratioii. a-.rath«r fine looking horse, by The Broker named Sting, hat been in work h-re lately.' He bus the reputation of being a firsc-olast jn op«r. It it proposed to wad ateara of N arandera cricketers to Wagga at CbristmM time, but ftsyot nothing definite is known. The programme of tbe Fire Brigade Cat.' Z1 nival on Roting D .y appea ? in ou r adver* , v ?? Using column*, and judging by tbe wide range and length ot the program no, the day ehou i be a red letter oae for the fire; quenchers. Whi ton Races next Twtduy. Boss Tailor or Stewardess should win the Whirton Handicap, ant St Sierra or Sun stroke the Plying. 