. THE CHURCHES, . ST. 'ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL.— THE CHURCH SOCIETY. Yesterday being Trinity Sunday, special sermons were preached In all the churches In the Anglican diocese of Sydney, and col lections were taken up in aid of the Church society fund. At St. Andrew's Cathedral the Primate preached in the morning, and tho rite of ordination was conferred on the Rev. T. II. D. Morgan, of St. Paul's Col- lego. and the Rev. Frederick J. Dillon, of Mooro Theological College, and they were set aside to the priesthood. Mr. Morgan will, for the present at least, labor among tho seamen. The Primate's text was takon from Psalm xx., 6, Proverbs xvlll., 10, and Matthew xxvlll., 19. In his dis course he referred to tho special services which were being held that day on behalf of the Church Society, tho function of which is to assist struggling churches In localities where the parishioners are unable to support without aid a minister. Then, speaking of the ceremony of ordination of priests, ho called to mind tho Saviour's parting injunction to his disciples after Ills crucifixion to go into all the world and preach the Gospel to all nations, baptising them In tho name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. The solemn service of crdinatlon was then taken, and the two young priests ordained. In the afternoon tho Dean preached, and in tho evening the Rev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Newcastle, officiated, taking his text from Ephesians iv., C. He showed how God works mediatorially, and, so to speak, by degrees. As tho light of day does not burst all at once from the dawn to the glory Of the noon. SO Onrl In "Win rovAl.oHnn to man did not reveal all at once. His first revelation was an assertion of H!j own supremacy. He spoke in the imperative mood: thou shalt, or thou shalt not. Then He revealed Himself as a being to be trus ted and loved. He did not intend religion to be, as it were, a fringe of our daily life's fabric, but a controlling influence throughout tlio dally lives of men. Ho worked mediatorially; He wanted us to be instruments, and in that regard the Church Society was one part of the machinery by which God worked for the supply of His ministrations to parishes where tho inhabi tants wero not able to subscribe sufficient to supply their needs. The Cathedral was well filled at each service, and the collec tions of the day realised a little over £20. In the city, suburban, and country churches of tho diocese there was an almost general exchange of pulpits by the ministers, and the collections., were all devoted to the funds of the Church Society. 