Coal Mines Commission ITS TERMS AND SCOPE. The following are the terms and scope of the Royal Commission appointed to in- quire into the coal mines of the colony which commenced its sittings today:- ' That Mr. F. E. Rogers, Q.C., Mr. James Curley, and Mr. Jesse Gregson is appointed to make a full inquiry into the questions which arise upon the provisions of the Coal Mining Regulation bill, and into all questions which arise upon such amendments proposed in the said bill as were not agreed to, in order that the bill may be again submitted to the working collieries and define the rights of the proprietors there- of. The commission which was appointed on the 15th instant has the same powers as are possessed by a Supreme Court judge. A wire from Melbourne statss thae M inquest in connection with the recent -3H oster at the M'Evoy Mine was coucluw on Monday. The jury found thar tl* deceased died from suffocation, but tha* was no evidence to show that deatii **» caused by any neglect or incompetenoy °3 the part of the manager or owiiers or !» mine. The jury -unanimously agreed titfjj there was a great want of proper judgroo* in the management of the mine, andthJ- in view of the men working behind, tbertl should have been additional strength » securing the point where the breaks? occurred, as recommended frequently lfj the inspector. - I In the dark hours of Sunday morning* week ago, says the Hobart (fas.) 'MH cury,' a young man was wending his wj homewards past the disused burial-t'roaSj1] in Campbell-street, when he sav af«J white-robed figure stalking among wjl tombs. He did not run away, but 'y&\ for' the ghost, only to find it was arousg woman in her robe de chambre, and in »j sound sleep ! While meditating as to wn»l was to be done, he was made aware ot*\ man similarly attired, who asked him «(j business in a rather gruff sort oi f''H Explanations followed, and if came o'-1 that the ghostly-looking figure w..s '^j wife of a respectable artizan, who, uiissuy her from his side, rose trom his b.a -:1- 1 ?want to look for her, and found her - ?Jpl daring in the gloomy necropolis. I 