'BURNED FOR A WITCH. STORY OF THE CRIME. A HORRIBLE AFFAIR. Eight men were recently sentenced to terms of imprisonment varying from six months to twenty years for the murder I of a womanl named CGoper, whom they t burned to death, under the delusion that I they were destroying a with. The fol lowing particulars of the crime are taken o from theLondon "Times": A shookingoceurrence, recalling the bar. I barities practised in the Middle Ages upon prisoners charged with witchoraft,.has taken c place at Baltyvadhen, a village situate on the 1 slopes of Elievenaman, in the county Tippe. I rary. It would be incredible if the account ware nit subceniari?.ci by the sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men and a I woman are charged with causing the death of a woman 27 years of age, named I Bridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing her, as she was eaffering from nervous excite ment and mild bronchitis, to drink noxious potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and then seizing her and roasting her under the supposition that she was. a witeh. "Her husband called on her to say, in the name of God, that she was not his wife. She was held over a fire to make her say this. These proceedings were repeated on the fol. lowing night, when the husband knocked her down, stripped off all her clothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set fire to her with a h-rningeticIg from the hearth. While she wa burning-to death there were pFesent six of the male nrisoners and two women, all re latives of the deceased. Some of them re monstrated with the husband, but did noth ing more. He told them that it was not his wife he was burning but a witch, and that she would disappear up the chimney. During the process of the protracted and terrible tortures described by a witness as having been inflicted on the unfortunate woman, some 'of the party repeated the words, "Come home, Bridget Boland" (the maiden name of the victim), in the belief, ap parently, that they were doing what was necessary to bring back the real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the "good people," the fairies,and that ii was a super stitious counterfeit they were cruelly killing. The savage orgies were formed in the house of the woman's father. The dead body of the victim, withthe stomach burncthrouah, was found buried in a ditch atter a week. The following is taken from the evidence at the magisterial investigation at Clon mel: William Simpson, a caretaker, stated that on the night of the tragedyhe went to the house ofPatrickBoland, and on the way met Mrs Bourke and her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, and gn reaching it heard shouts, apparently in men's voices, oi "Take it, you old-, or I'll kilt you." He could not seein through the window, but the door opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. Colonel Evanson: Was there anything that led'to the door being opened? :The witness : They were obliged to open the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. Continuing his evidence, he said thathe and the two women went in, and they heard shouts of "Away she go ; away she go." He then saw a number of men holding Mra Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, James Kennedy and Wm. Kennedy. Mrs Cleary's husband was stand ing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked Mrs Cleary, "Are you Bridget Boland. wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost "' She said, in reply, " Yes, I am." The question was repeated several times. Wetness saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in:a spoon out of a saucepan. There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into his wife's month, and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, "Are you the daughter of Pat Boland? Answer, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." She did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once. Questioned as to what these people were all in the house together, for wit ness said he believed " they were driving out the witch," and the door was open for the purpose. When she would not answer the question some one, he believed John Dann, said "l ake down a good fire, and we'll make her answer." There was a fire burning at this time in the kitchen. She was then carried in front of the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, WilliamlKennedy, and her husband, and was again asked the same questions. Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the time. The body was bent, and forced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other persons in the room made no sign of disapproval. In reply to her father, who asked her, " Are you the daughter of Pat rick Boland, wife of Michael Cleary ? An Swer me in the name of God." She said, "I am, dada." They were then satisfied they had tneir own. What do you mean by that ?-That they had Mrs Cleary, and not a'witch. Then what had they got before ?--They believed they had a witch. They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, "Away with you. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the nameof God." The same men took her off the fire when she had answe:ed eatisfac torily. She was then put into hbed, and they asked her questions, and she recogoised allin the room. Some of those in the room then tzied to console her. At 6 o'clock in the morning Cleary went for the priest. SThe Bev. C. F. Ryan was next examined, and stated that he attended the deceased woman previous to her death, and gave her the last rites of the Churoh. On the Satur day following her death Ie saw Cleary inthe h nras.aw - marwrnewsngaimumm amadman, tearing his hair, and appeared to be suffering from remorse, He asked witness if he thought he would ever be forgiven. Donn, who was along with Cleary, told witness that they had burned her to death and buried her, and that he had been asking Cleory all the morning to give.her Christian burial. Had le known there was any sich thing as witchcraft or foul play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had communicated with the police, and told them to have thnir eye on Cleary. On.Tuesmay Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witness William Simpson,generally confirmed hisotory. WVhen the woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that "All the ques tions should be answered before midnight," which she understood to mean that the witch could not be driven away later than mid midnight. She saw nothing in reference to a hot poker, but there was a mark as of a burn on the forehead of the deceased. She knew where the "fairy ring" was at lylenagranagh Fort, but was never there. She heard Cleary tell her nusband on the danday followding the murder that his wife was at Kylenagranagh, that they would go for her, that she would be on a grey horse, and that they would have to nt the cords thatbound her on the horse. She did not know whether they went. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in the strongest terms in Cloneen Chapel, and sailed upon those of his hearers who knew anytheng of the affair to communiate with e authorities. The total loss is reported of the barque Brodrive, while on a voyage from Cardiff to Hayti. Six of the vessel'e company were drowned. 