Sermon for Siihdav. Divine Comfort. By late ReV. C. H. Spuroeon. Are tho consolations of , God smalt with thoo ! Is there any seoret thing with thoo I— Job xv. 11. The moaning of tho . two questions . asked in tlio text, and their exaat appropriateness to ourselves; will be found by asking four ' other questions. This is a matter of groat import ance ; for if, as Christian people, wo are living near to God, oiir huppinoss, our " consolation, ' cannot bo small, but of very groat comfort. In tfoublo, our consolation will be suffioient and sweet, for wo ore oommandod to "rojoiooin tbe Lord always," and It is our duty and privilege to bo of good : olioor. If wo are not so, there is a reason for it. Lot us uso the text as a candle, and .try and find out the reason. " Are tho oonsolations of God small with theo ? Is thoro any soorot thing with thoo P" 1\. Now, the first question grows out of tho true moaning of tho text, according to the revised version : Do you regard tho oonsolations of God as small P Do you consider tho com forts of faith as insignificant P Are tho joys of roligion and tho consolations of God too small for thoo P If so, friend, I would ask you first, if you have taken up tho old and very common notion that roligion is iutondod to make peoplo miBorablo, and that roligion cannot exist savo in despondency and foar, and is not consistent with, anything higher. Permit mo to. warn you tlmt in this ense " common fumo is a com mon liar," and ooraraon failure will surely bo the rcBult. Somo of iis eau assure you that tho J' oonBoItttionB of God are not smull," and tho joys of religion by- no means meagre. Do not let groundloss projudioo prompt yon to refuse tho dainties of God, bnt taste und soo whothor thoy will not pfovo sweater than lionoy. Will you for a minute consider a littlo as to what thoso consolations are. Notioo they are " tho consolations of God." If God Himself dolgns to comfort mon, will Ho not greatly ohoer thomP . God can givo us ovory comfort, and of tho kind whioli man cannot givo. Ohrist Himself knowing human sorrow by tho deepest personal oxporionco of it, stoops to soothe it. In that Ho Him self was no stranger to it. Ho is ablo to succour all who havo to hear it. Tlio oonsola tions spoken of are applied by tho Spirit of God ; and to show how ournestly Ho performs His work, Ho hus taken tlio nnmo of "Com forter." And great indoed is tho comfort of tho Holy Ghost as His work is curried on in tho human heart. Can it bo that lio should doign to givo His supremo wisdom and skili to the comfort of HiB peoplo, nnd yot tha comfort ho . small P Think not so, I pray you. Again, obsorvo that tlio Lord Josus Himsolf is tho substance of thoso consolations ; andean a man havo Christ for his portion and yet ho' poor P Can a man havo Jesus for his joy una yot ho weighed down with sadness ? I cannot far a momont dream of such a thing. For is not His namo tlio source of all comfort P Thou, notioo aguin that thoso oonsolations of God go to tho root of ovory sorrow. Sorrow, wo know, is tho hitter fruit of sin. Thoso thorns und thistles thut causa our souls to blood now and again, are not tho frnits of tho earth as God created it. Edon with its garden- fruit lias gono, nnd in itn plaoo thoro is n world of sin — nnd now the consolations of God are for our battles with sin. God Himsolf tolls us this. But Ho tolls us also that Jesus Christ, by His atoning doatli on the oross, lias put away sin, so that tlio fruit of tlio full nppoars us though it had novor boon. Wo havo sorrow now lor sin, but tho sorrow may ho takon away by fnitli in tho Soil of God. Sin in the heart always cuusos sorrow, and until wo aeoopt salvation wo aro unhappy, und must lio so. It is by tho now heart und right spirit, and power whioli Ho bestows, that wo can enter, conquor, destroy, and anni hilate tho reigning powor of sin. This is our consolation, tho comfort that takes away tho guilt and powor of sin. Oh ! dream not that it can ho small — this principal consolutiou of tlio numerous comforts of God. 2\. Tlio Bccond question will como homo to many Christians : Havo tlicso consolations boon small in their offoat upon you P Though groat in thomsolvos, has thoir iniluonco upon yon boon small P Lot tho rovolation of thoir great ness oomo now as a ohcoring light in tho darkness. It .is true you have sorrow meeting you nt various points on tho read of lifo. iou havo lost a child, porhaps ; and dark, would bo tho faot if it stood alono ; but thoro is tho resurrection. You will dio yourself, hut you will riso again from tlio dust. Your spirit qnivors as you think of this, but that is only whon you do so by yourself alono — apart from Christ. You huvo lost your proporty, but horo aro all tilings iu Ohrist Josus — all things : houses nnd landB, nnd in tho world to como evsrlusting lifo, where no thief approaoliotli and no rust corruptotii. Rejoice, therefore, and bo glad, for tho consolations of tho covenant of tho Cross of Ohrist aro suoh that our light affliotions, which aro hut for a momont, aro not worthy to bo compared witii tlio glory 'that is coming. And oven thoso "light affliotions work out for us a far moro oxcoeding and otornal woiglit of glory." Ono oonsolation I may moution which should tend greatly to sustain you — you nro on your journoy homo, and nouror thoro, perhaps, than you think. Whon you got thore, you will soon forgot all tho sorrows of tlio way. Ono hour of glory will miiko upfor nil thopoln, illnoss, sorrows and troubles endured lioro, nnd ovon for a life time of such light affliotions. Oh! sirs, wo havo tho host of it ! 3\. ;0m- third question is tliio : Sinoo tho con solations of God seom so small to you, havo you nnything hotter to put iu thoir placo P Por haps this is what Eliphnz mount when ho said, "Is thoro any soorot thing with thoo?" Ho soomod to Bay to Juli, "Wo cannot toll you anything ;' you will not hoar us. Havo you somo wonderful discovory of your own, Bomo soorot cordial, somo unknown joy, that will liolp you P" Lot mo asli you a similar question. If tho blossod Qospol of Christ fail you, whitiior will you goP Have rou found oqt a now roligion witu brightoi- lopcs P I don't think you havo. I havo boon informed by thoso who know something about tho now religion of " modorn thought." that it will ho a long timo boforo it will assunio any definite shape. It hus ulready assumed so many shapes as to havo no slmpo at all at lust. Whilo the grass is growing tlio stood is starv ing. I ailviso you to koDp tlio loaf youi-fatliors feu oil. Now broad is ulways indigestible. I shall koop to tlio old broud without any arsonio of ilouht in it, and koop to tho old manna till I oross tlio rlvor and oat tlio corn of Canaan, Are you hoping to find comfort in tho world P Somo ot you may bo saying, if you oould only pass that examination for whioli you havo boon working so hard ; if you oould only savo so muoh monoy. you would -ho happy. .Did you ovor road a littlo book called tlio " Mirago of Lifo," publlahod by tho Trant Sooioty, iu whioh this stato of mind is doult with P It ought to oonvinao anyono of tlio non-satisfao- tion to bo found in tho greatest worldly suo- ooss. Tho riohest mon havo ofton bean tlio most miserable. Ono of our riohast man onoo said, "I supposo you fanoy I am happy, boenuso I liappon to bo rich. Why, I often, in tho course of a your, got tliroo or four threats to shoot mo unless I sond £109 to oortnin ' porsous ; and do you think I nm happy P" To hope to find happiness without Christ, is to mako tho greatest mistake of lifo. 4\. Horo comos tho Inst und most praotlonl question of nil. If tlieso oonsolations hnvo boon siuuU in tlioir offoot upon yon, and yot you have nothing bottoi- to put in tlioir placo, do you not think thoro is a oauso for your failure P Lot us try- to-find it out. You aoslro to be a Christian, nnd .yot oaunot rcjoico in- God- Ie it not booauso of soma sin indulged P A ohild of God may go on for yoars with a sin unwittingly, und all tlio timo that sin will bo causing a loakago in hisjoy. Examino your self in tho light of tho Word. You cannot bo wrong in living up to tho Word. , Investigate your life by tho laws of Boripturo,, nnd you will find that you havo mado somo trifling oxouso for your sin. Whon this Aohiui is put away, you will bo surprised to see what joy will oome into your soul. Wo aro not saved by bur own works ; but if a Christian uogloots to work lio will find it affcots his orood. Thoro ore many Christians who novor got into tho olohr liglit of full assuranoo booauso thoy do not oboy their consoiouoo upon ©very point. Do not quarrel with consoiouoo ; if you hnvo n oloar consoloneo you will not bo likoly to quurrol with it. Go oontrary to ovnsoionoo, and thoro is tlio trouble insldo that will mar your happl- lioss. Havo you over considered' tlio misery bound up In tho omission of duty, and tho train of sins whioh will follow in tlio wake of onn noglcotad dutyP How ofton omis sion creates a" sin,' 'and 'that sill another, and so on. -You oannot tell the end tliorcof. - As ofton ns it - plunges you Into din, it -onoguragos to go u littlo. lartiior in tho wusto pastui-e. Got it out, friond) , it will ho muoh safor travelling, Thoro may bo some idtfl . in yoiir heart, ' sbine'Tmage you like better than > ; '' tho faco of God: Husband, ohild, friend, or porhaps ' tho'pursuit of honour or wealth. O lot your prayer he — " Tho dourest idol I havo known, Whato'er that idol bo, . Help ino to tear it from its throne. And worship only Thoo." If you do not get consolation of God. tbbn yon do not- love him s'uffiolontly. Oh,-I wish wo \ oould Hvo .nearer to God I Wo turn to "see rots," and busy ourselves about forms, while, if wo are cold, it is booauso we do not got near tho sun; Wo say how oold wo ore, nlthough thoro is a firo by wliioh; wo can bo warmed and oomforted. I pruy that tho Sun of Righteousness may have abso lute sway ovor all our henrta. Hope in God, and you , shull yot praiso Him, Got more of God, and wo shall lieur less of your sorrow and more of your comfort. I hnvo known a ohild of God so happy nnd usoful that ho got a good deal of pity from the big brethren who oould not endure a lifo so full of lovo as that, preferring to bo filled with . thoir doubts and fears; Gou does nob lika that. Hor will not havo you Bneor nt thofooble. Another reason why you find tlio consolations of God " small " is that yon will not bo bumble. Take tho lowor plaoo. If you Will lift yoursslf up, God will surely oust you down. 