CHAPTER XSVIEE. The Meetixo-plick of Watees. At To"baro there had been .a long halt, j delay forced upon the travellers by the' condi-. tions of climate, by the sickness and idleness of their caravan; bat this iuteriral of rest had not been altogether disagreeable. ' The place was a place of. fatness, .a settlement in the mid*t of a fertile plain where the flocks and herds, the Arab population, the pastoral life, suggested those familiar pictures in that first, book of ancient history which the child takes' into his uewly awakened consciousness; and which the hard and battered wayfarer—believer or agnos tic—loves and admires to the end of life. In just such a scene as this'Itebecoa might have given Isaac the fatefuldraught of water frorh 5ie wayside well;, upon jnst "such a^level "pasture Joseph and, his brethren might have tended their flockisl. .* The visions of the young . dreamer would have shown him this pal9 milky azure; o ver-arching the rich level where the sheaves bowed down to his sheaves, and in just such a reposeful atmosphere would he have laid hiraselt down " for the. noontide: siesta, and let'his foncy slide into the dim labyrinth of dreamlandJ -, ^ • " "At Toharo therehad been overmuch time'for' thbught^ and the yearning for a far-away face . must needs' have been'in the'hearts of 'both, those . young Englishmen, whose .bronzed' features/were sternly and steadily set .with the resolute calm Of mea who do not mean to waste •iu despair and die for love of the fairest woinsu : upon earth. ' • | - .Often and often in the dnsk, Allan heard his I comrade's rich baritone rolling ont that old song— ... \ "-Shall I, wasting in despair, die because a I . . woman's fair ?. Shall my cheeks grow pale with, care Because another's rosy are ? The Toice thrilled hire- What'a gift is that music-which gives a man power over his fellow men ! Geoffrey's fiddle talked, to them nearly every night beside the camp fire, talked to them sometimes at daybreak, when its owner had been sleepless: for that restless spirit bad watched too. many long, blank hours in the course of his travels. It had been hard work to convey that fiddle case - across the rolling woods, through swamp and river, guarded from the crass- stupidity of native porters—from the obstinacy of .the African donkey—the curicsty of the inhabitants of the villages on the way. Geoffrey had carried it himself for the greater part of the journey; refusing to trust Arab or Negroid with so precious a burden. Riding or walking, he had managed to take care of his little Amata, the smallest but not the least valuable of all his fiddles. . There were some among his dark followers to whom Geoffrey's Amati was an enchanted thing, a thing that ought to have been alive if it was a living creature. • The velvet nest in which he kept the strange thing, the delicate care with which he laid it in that soft resting place, or took it out into the light of day; the loving morement with which he rested his chin on the- sinning wood, while his. long lissome fingers twined themselves caressingly about the creature's neck; the strange light that came into his eyes as he drew the bow across the strings, and the ineffable sounds which those strings gave forth; all these were tokens ot a living presence, a something to he loved and feared. . | fWben he tuned his fiddle they thought that he was punishing it, and that it shrieked and groaned in pain. "Why else were those sounds so harsh and discordant, so unlike the melting strains which the thing gave forth when he laid his chin upon it and loved it, when his' lips smiled, and his melancholy eyes looked far away into the purple distances, across the woods and the plains to the remoteness of the mountain range beyond. . If it. were . not actually alive—if it had neither, heart nor blood as they had, why, then, it was a familiar demon—a charm—by which he who possessed it could influence his fellow-men. He could raise them to savage raptures, to shrieks, and wild leaps that were meant for dancing. He could melt them to tears. , - _ \- From the first hour that he played by the camp fire, on the third night after they left Bagamoyo, Geoffrey's music had given him a hold over the more' intelligent members of the • I caravan." They had "listened ~at first almost as the dog listens, and had been ready to Hft up, their heads and howl as the doghowls.^ But. gradually those singing sounds had exercised a soothing influence; they had sprawled at bis feetv a ring of listeners, with elbows on the gronnd, looking up at him out of onyx eyes that flashed in the firelight. "Among their followers there were- some. Makololos from the1 Shire Valley, men of snperior courage and determination, a finer race* than the common herd of African porters, of. the same rrace as those faithful followers of Livingstone's first great journey, who. after wards - became chiefs and rulers of the land.' These Makololos adored Geoffrey. His musio, the achievements of. his Winchester rifle, that ardent fitful temperament' of his exercised an extraordinary inflaence over these men, and it seems as if they would have followed him without fee or reward, for sheer love of the man himself; not for meat, and cloth, and beads, and brass wire. ' Never a word said Geoffrey or Allan of that one woman whose image filled the minds of both. They: talked of other .people freely enough. Each spoke of his mother ten derly, regretfully even; Allan taking com fort from the thought of Lady Emily's delight in her farm, the occupation and interest which every change of the season brought for her. Such letters as had reached him on his wander ings had been resigned and uncomplaining, although dwelling -sorrowfully upon the husband she had lost. "He used to live so much apart, shut in his library day after day, and only joining me in .the' crening, that I could hardly have believed my life could seem so empty without him. But I know.now how muah his presence in the i house—even his silent, unseen presence—meant, for me; and I realise now how often I used to go to him, interrupting his dreamy life with my petty household questions, my. little bits of | news from the farmyard or the cowhouses, or the garden. • He was so kind and sympathetic. He would look up from his books to interest himself in some story about.my Brahmas or my Cochins, and if he was bored, he never allowed ,me to see the . faintest sign of impatience; X think that he was the best and truest man that ever lived. And my • Allan is like him. May God protect and bless my. dearest, my only dear, In all the perils of the desert." Lady Emily's mental picture of Africa represented' one far-reaching waste of - level saud, a" desert flatness.incompatible .with..-a. spherical earth, . pervaded . by camels,, and occasionally varied' by a mirage.' "A pair of pyramids—like tall- candlesticks at the: end of a board-room- table-f-a sphinx and a crocodily river occupied the north-east; corner; of; this vast plateau, while the Bouth-west was distin guished by a colony;.of ostriches,.and. the place to,'which':Indian officials*used to resort for change of air some fifty years since. To. these' narrow limits were restricted- Lady Emily's notions of the continent on which her son was .now a wanderer. - She feared that, if he, got out of the way of crocodiles he might .fall in -with, the .ostriches ■ whichdoubtless were dangerous when encountered in large numbers; and she shuddered at the sight of. her favourite feather fan. . ,. • Mrs. IVbrnock's,letters were, in a strain. The key .was distinctly minor- . ; Sbe wrote of. her -loneliness, of the monotonous days; -.the " longing.,for the face that had vanished.'-.. . ** My; organ. talks to .me of yon—.Bach, Beethoven,: Mozart, Mendelssohn, - all .tell me tlie same story. You are far array—array for a Jong time-rand life is very sad.". There was not a word of Snzette in those letters.. If; she was everat the manor, if his mother retained her.affection, and found solace in her society, there was no hint of that con soling presence.. It might be that .the girl hated the house because of that vehement stormy love which had assailed her there; the love that would not let her be faithful to a more reasonable lover. . "And yet—and yet! V thought Geoffrey, hardly caring. even in. his mind to put the question positively. Tn his innermost consciousness there was the belief that she loved him—him, Geoffrey Worabck—that she had refused him perversely and foolishly,: out* of a mistaken sense of honour. She wonld not marry Allan, whom Bbe did not love; and she refused to marry Geoffrey whom she did love, in order to spare her jilted lover the pain of seeing a rival's triumph. • "But lam not beaten yet," Geoffrey told himself. "When I go back to England—if I hat find her free—I shall try again.; Allan's .wounds will have healed by tbat time.; and even her Quixotic temper will have satisfied itself by the sacrifice of two years of her lover's life." 44"When I* go back!" Musing sometimes on tbat prospect of the homeward journey, whether returning by the road they had come, or dropping down southward by Trivier's route to the Nyassa or the Zambesi, or by the more adventurous westward route by the forest , and the Congo, the way by which Tnrier had come to the Lake, whichever way were eventually chosen, Geoffrey asked himself if the three travellers would all go back? " One shall be taken and the other left." Throughout the record of African travel there is that dark feature of the story; the traveller who is left behind. Sometimes itr is thefever fiend that lays a scorchinghand upon the fearless adventurer, flings him down to suffer thirst and pain and heaviness, and delirious horrors, in the foul darkness' of a bee-hive hut, to die in a dream of home, with shadowy faces looking down at him, familiar voices talking with him. Sometimes he falls in a ring of savage foes, hemmed round with hideous faces, foes as fierce and implacable as lion or leopard; foes who kill for the sake of killing; or cannibals, for whom man is the choicest ' banquet. The hazards of the pilgrimage take every shape, death by drowning,- death by massacre, death by smallpox, or jungle fever, , death by starvation, by tho burstiug of * gun, by beasts of prey. ; In, every story of travel there is always that dark page wmch tells of the mau-who is left. Dillon, Furquhar, the' two Pococks, Jameson, Bartelott, Weissew--; burger—the ghosts 'that haunt the pathway of ; tropical Afrieaare many; but those melancholy ' shadows exercise no deterring influence on thetv -traveller who sets oat to-day, strong, elate, hopeful, inspired by an eager curiosity which ;-1 takes no heeS of trouble or of risk. "Whichof usthree is to stay behind?" Geoffrey asked himself in a gloomy wonder.: Not Patrington. He had come to tho stage .', at which the traveller bears a charmed life. - It is seldom the experienced wanderer, the man • of many journeys, who falls by the wayside.-. Hot-headed youth, bold in its ignorance of danger, perishes like a bird caught in a trap: . The' strong frame of the trained athlete shrivels \ like a leaf iu a hot blast of fever. The careless boatman tempts the perils of a difficult passavrs, and is swept over the stony bed of the torrent,.. and vanishes in the fathomless pool. The . hardened traveller knows what he is about, and : can reckon with the forces of that gigantic; nature which he faces and defies. It is the - tyro who pays the price of his inexperience and, in the history ofAfrican. travel, the sur- . vival of the fittest is the rule. V "Which of us?" . That question had en-* tered into the very fabric of. Geoffrey's* thoughts. Sometimes, sitting by the camp-:. fire as the chfJIin&ss; of night, crept around.', them, a grisly fancy would flash, across his . reverie, and he would think that the pale mist .; that rose. about Allan's figure, : on the other side of the circle, was the visionary abroad •• which the Highbinder sees upon the shoulders of a friend marked fur death. v Would it be Allan ?" If it were Allan, he, Geoffrey, -would hasten, home to tell the sad story, and then—to claim her whose too ! tender conscientiousness had refused happiness - at Allan's expense. Allan gone, thsre would be* ■ no reason why she should deny her love. "For I know, I know that she loves me," Geoffrey repeated to himself. . ' He had been telling himself that story • ever since he left England. No denial from those lovely lips, no words of scorn, would convince .; him that he was unloved.' He could recall looks and tones that told another story. He had seen the gradual change iu her which told - - of an awakening h«-.\rt. She never Knew what love meant tall she knew me," he told himself. Did he wish for • Allan's death? No, there was no snch hideous. •; thought-in the dark labyrinth of his mind; or at least, he believed that there was'not. One must perish!' He had so brooded over, the story of former victims that, he had taught ' himself to look upon oh^ lost life as inevitable. Bat the lot was as likely to fall upon him as . tipon Allan.- Hore likdy, since his habits were more reckless and more adventurous than Allan's.' It there was danger to be found, he and his llafcalolos courted" it. Shooting ex peditions, raids upon unfriendly villages, hand to-band "skirmishes with. Xlirambo's brigand tribes; he and his Hutulolos were ready for ■ anything. He . had travelled over hundreds of . miles with his warlike little gang—exploring, shooting, fighting—while Patrington and &H;in were living in. dreamy inaction, waiting for better weather, or for the recovery of half a dozen ailingpagazis. Assuredly he who ran such.•/ superfluous risks was the more likely to fall by the way. Well, .death is a solution of all : difficulties.. v "If I; am dead, it will matter to merely . little that my bright, ineffable coquette is trans- • formed into, a sober, middle-aged -wife, and. that she and. Allan! are smiling at each, other across'the family breakfast table, in a common* place domestic paradise. .But while I live and ' am yonng I shall think of her and long for her, and hate the lacky wretch who wins her. If we should both go'back; if Patrington's tough bones are the bones that are to , whiten by the way,- and not'Allan's or mine, why, then, we shall again be rivals; and the yean of exile will be only a dream that we have dreamt." " It was a strange* position in'which these two young men found themselves. Friends, almost as brothers in the close intimacy of that soli tude of three, only three civilised thinking beings amidst a crowd of creatures who seemed as far apart as if they, had belonged to the forest fauna—the great antelope family—or the Simian race; these two, so nearly of an age,, reared in. the same country, and the same social sphere, united and sympathetic at every point of contact between mind and mind, and yet keeping this one deep gulf of silence between them. They spoke to each other freely of all things, except of her; and yet each knew that she was the one absorbing subject in the mind of the . other. Each knew that her image went along with them, , was never a"bsent, never less dis- r tinctlj lovely, even when the way was fullest. . of hardship and peril, when every yard of progress meant a struggle with thorns that tore them, mid brambles that lashed them, and the tough, rank, verdure-carpet that clogged their feet. Neither had ever ceased to remember ' her, or to think of these adventurous days as anything else than exile from her. Whatever interest or enjoyment there might be in that varied experience of a land where beanty and ugliness alternated with startling transitions, it waa not possible that either Allan or Geoffrey ' | could forget the reason they were there, far I from the fair faces of women and from all the I ease and pleasantness of civilised life. | ^ Geoffrey bad the better chance of oblivion, ; ! since those wild excursions and explorations of his afforded all the excitement of the untrodden and the hazardous. The caravan road from the coast to TJjiji with all its varieties of hard ship, was too beaten a track for this fiery spirit. At every halting place be went off at a tangent; and if his comrades threatened not to wait for his return, he would pledge himself to rejoin them farther ou, laughing to scorn . every suggestion that he and his little company, of Uakololos. and Wanyamwesis could low .1 themselves in the wilderness. [to be continued next week.] It is notified in the "Government Gazette" on Saturday that Mr. Hany Courtenay Luck has -. ' been appointed returning-officer for tbo elec* .• toral district of Toowong, in the room of the late llr. Samuel £aye, deceased. 