Knock. Bv Lire Rev. C. H. Sfceoeos. Knock, and it be opened tmto you.—Matt. | / vit 2. Mr. Banyan, in Ha "Pilgrim's Progress," sans, "Now over the gate there waa -written, "knock, and it shall be open unto you.'" His ingenious allegory is always as trathfnllyin s tractive as it is delightfully attractive. I con cluded that this should be my text. If it be thought worthy of being •written ova: the gate at the entering in of the way of life, it must have a great claim upon the attention of those who have not yet started for glory, hut are anxious to do so. May (rod the Holy Ghost instruct and quicken them while we hear the Lord from within His palace, saying, " Knock, and it shall be opened unto you." 1\. First, then, dear friend, whoever you are, 'if you arc desirous of entering into eternal life, I would expound to jon thcinscription over the gate, by saying first that the door of mercy may appear to you to be closed against you. That • is implied in the text, "Knock, and it shall be opened unto you." If to your consciousness the door stood wide open, there would be no need of knocking; but since, in your appre hension it is dosed against you, it is for you to seek admission in the proper way by knocking. To a large extent this apprehension is the result of your own fears.. You think the gate is closed because yon feci it ought to be so; you feel that if God dealt with you as you would deal with your fellow men, He would be so offended with you as to shut the door of His favour once' for alL Yon remember how guilty yon nave been, how often tou have j refused tho Divine call, and how you have gone i on from evil to ev3, and therefore you feel that 1 the Master of the house has already risen up ; and shut to the door. Tou fear lest, HVc the obstinate ones in Noah's day, you will find the door of the ark dosed, and yourself shut out in the general destruction. Sin lieth at the door :md blocks it. Your desponding feelings fasten up the gate of grace in your jadgment- Yet it is not so The gate is not barred and bolted ns you think it to bo; though it may be spoken : of as closed in a certain secse^ ret'in another senseit is never shut. In any* case it opens very freely; its hinges are not rusted, neither ; do any bolts secure it. The Lord is glad to ; open the gate to every seeking sonl. It is 1 ' dosed far more in your apprehension than as a matter of fact; for the sin which shuts it is removed so far as the believing sinner is con- I corned. Had yon bnt.faith enough you would enter iu at this present moment; and if yon did once enter in, you would never be put out ajrain, for it is written, " Him Hint coimeth to Me I will in no wise cast out." One thing wc should remember when we fear ihatthe door is dosed against ns—namely, that it is not so hist closed as the door of oar hearts has been. You know the famous picture of 44 The Light of the World." It seems to mo to he one of the finest sermons the eyo has ever looked upon. * There stands the Kver-Blessed, knocking at the duorof the soul, but the hinges are rusted, and the door itself is fast bolted, and wild briars and all kinds of creeping plants running up the door prove that it is long since it was moved. You all know what it means; Itow continuance of sin makes St harder to yield to the knock of Christ, and how evil habits creeping up one after another, hold the soul so fast that it - cannot open to the sacred knocking*. Jesus has heen knocking at some of your hearts ever since you were children; and still He knocks. I hear His blessed hand upon the door at this moment: do you not hear it? Will you not open ? He has knocked long, and yet He knocks again. Let me warn you that the door can be closed and kept shut by unbelief. Hc'that helicveth enteretk into Christ when lie believeth: he that cometh in by the door shall be saved, and >hall go in aud out and find posture; so our Lord suysin the tenth of John. "He that believeth in Him hath everlasting life "—there is no question about that; but we read on the other hand, 41 So then they could not enter in because of unbelief." Forty years the tribes were in the wild era e?-q, going towards Cauaun, yet they never reached the promised laud because of unbelief. And what if some of you ehould.be forty years attending this means of grace i Coming and going, coming and going, hearing sermons, witnessing ordinance.", and joining with God's people in worship: what if after all the forty years you should never enter in because of unbelief! Souls, I tell you' if you lived each one of you as long as Methu saleb, you could not enter in unless you believed in Jesus Christ. The moment you have trusted Him with your whole heart and soul, yon are within the blessed portals of the Father's house, but however many years you may be asking, seeking, and knocking, tou will never enter in till faith comes, for unbelief keeps up the tbnin of the door. Do you, however, complaiu that you should have to knock? It is the rule of the Most High. Am I addressing any who have been earnestly praying for several months ? I can sympathise with you, > for that was my case, * not only for months,. but even for years through dhe darkness of my mind, and my cruel mi&pprehenirion;* of the Lord. - I did not' find peace when1 first I began to ask for it, although I also sought with much earnestness, going to the house of God every time X could, and reading the Bible daily 'with'a framing desire to know the right tray. X did not enter into peace till I had knocked long and heavily. Harken, therefore to one who. knows jour trouble, hear from me the voice of reason. Ought we to expect to enter into the_ glorious boose of mercy "without knocking at its door ? It is so witfi onr own houses! Can every straggler carelessly saunter in ? Is it not God's way in the world to give great blessings, but always to make men knock for them ? Unless i it can be said of a man, "Behold he prayeth!" how can there be any sort of hope that he knows his God, and has found reconciliation? lie prodigal did not come home dumb, neither did he enter bis father's boose in sullen silence. No, but as soon as he saw his father, keened, "Father, I bare sinned against heaven." There must be speech with God, for God gives not a silent salvation. 2\. A door implies an opening. Wliat is a door meant for if it is always to be kept shut 1 The wall might as well have remained "without a break. I bare seen certain bouses and public buildings with the form and appearance of doors where there were none, the idiaxn dooT- ' way being made for architectural purposes; hut nothing is a sham in the house of the Lord. His doors are meant to open; they were made on purpose for entrance; * and so the blessed Gospel of God is made on purpose for yon to enteriotolife and peace. It would he of no use to knock at a wall, hat you may wisely knock at a door, for it is arranged for opening. Tou will enter in eventually if you knock on, for the Gospel is good news" for men, and how could it he good news if it should so happen that they might sincerely come to Christ and ask for mercy, and ho denied it? A dear brother beautifully said in prayer on Monday night: " Thou, O Lord, art perfectly satisfied with the Lord Jesus, • and if we are satisfied with Him, Thou art satisfied with us." That is the Gospel put into sr few words. God is satisfied with Christ, and if you are satisfied with Christ, God is satisfied with you. This is glad tidings to every soul that "is willing to accept the atonement made, and the righteous ncss prepared by the Lord Jesus. Lear friend, this Gospel must be meant to be received by all sinners, or else it would not have been sent. "But," saithone, " I am such a sinner." Jnst so. Ton are the sort of person for whom the news of mercy is intended. A Gospel is not needed by perfect men; sinless men need no pardon. No sacrifice is wanted if there is no guilt; no atonement where there is no transgression. They that arc whole need not a physician, bat they tbat ore sick. This door of hope which God has prepared, was meant to bean entrance into lite, and it was meant to open to sinners; for if it does not open to sinners it will never he open at all; for we have all sinned, and so we must all be shut out unless it be o! free grace for those who are guilty. I am sure this door must open to those who have nothing to bring with them. If yon have no good works, 110 merits, no good feelings, nothing to recommend you, be not discouraged, for it is to such that Jesus Christ is most precious, and therefore most accessible, for He loves to give Himself to those who will prize Him most. A man will nerer have Christ while he has enough of his own; hut he that is consciously naked and poor and miserable is the man for Christ's monev? he it is that has been redeemed by price. You may know the redeemed man, for he feds his bondage, and owns that he must remain there unless Christ's : redemption bo applied for bis deliverance. Dear friends, that door of hope will be opened to von though you may be ignorant and weak, ! and quite unable to fulfil any high conditions. When the text says, "Knock, and it shall he opened unto you," it teaches us that the way of winning admission to the blessing is simple, and suitable to common people. If I have to enter in by a door which is well seecured, I shall need tools and science. I confess I do not understand the art; you must send for a gentle man who understands picklocks, ''jemmies," and all sorts of burglarious instruments; but if I am only told to knock, fool as I am at opening doors, I know how to knock. Any uneducated man can knock, if that is all that is required of him. Isthcroa person here who cannot put words together in prayer? Never mind friend, knocking can be demo by one who is no orator. Perhaps another cries, " lam no scholar." Never mind, a mau can knock though he may be no philosopher. A dumb man. can knock. A blind mau can knock. With a palsied hand a mau may knock. He who knows nothing of liis hook can still lift a hammer and let it fall. The way to open heaven's gate is wonderfully simplified to those who are lowly enough to follow the Holy Spirit's guidance, and ask, seek, and knock believingly. God has not provided a salvHtion which can only bo under stood by learned men; He has not prcporod a Gospel which requires half a dozen folio volumes to describe it: it is intended for the ignorant, the nhort-witfed, and the dying, as well as for others; and hence it must be as plain as knocking at a door. This is it—believe and live. Seek unto God with all your heart and soul and strength, throngh Jesus Christ, and the door of His mercy will certainly open to you. The gate of grace is' meant to yield admission to unscientific people, since it shall be opened to those who knock. 3\. A knocker is provided. When persons can he admitted by knocking, a knocker is usually placed oh the door; and if not, we. / often sco the words, "Ko admittance.*' Kotr, the Lord lias provided a knocker. VTL&t; i* It? First of all, it may i>e found in the promises of God. If you can only quote a-promise appli cable to your condition, and spread it before the lx)rd in faith, you must obtain the - blessing. Heading- the promise gives such a knock at the gate ofhcaven that it must be opened to every seeking soul. Tbe great knocker, however, is the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If a person were to call upon you In the name of some dearly beloved son who is fjr away—if be brought you due credentials, and a letter saying, "Father, treat the bearer wdl for my sake," you would bo sure to show him kindness ; and if the afore* said person was authorised to receive a promised amount in the name of your son, would you not hand out the money ? Now, when we go to God and plead the* name of. Christ, it means that we plead the authority of Christ; that we ask of God as though we were in Christ's stead, and expect Him to give it to us as if Ho were giving it to Jesus. There is something more than pleading for Christ's sake. I suppose the apostles at first did plead with Gocffor Christ's sake; but Jesus says to them, " Hitherto ye have asked nothing in my name." It is a higher grade of prayer, and when wc get to pleading Christ's name with the Father, then do we gloriously prevail. At a Primitive Methodist meeting a person was trying to pray, but did not get on at it, and presently a voice was heard from the corner of the room, "Plead the blood, brother, plead tlie blood I" I am not very fond of such interruptions, yet ibis was to be commended, for it gave the* right note, and set the pleader in lias right place. Plead the precious blood of Jesus Christ, and you must be heard. "Alas!" says one, " I see the knocker, for I know something of the promises and of the person of our Lord, but how am^I to knock?" With the hand of faith. Believe that God will keep his promise; ask him to do bo, and thus knock. Believe that Jesus is worthy, whose name you arc pleading, and so knock in confidence that God will houoor tho name of His dear Son. If you are not in Christ, my dear hearer, do not give sleep to your eyes* nor slnmber to your eyelids till you hare found Hira. If you have prayed once, go and pray again; and if you have prayed ten thousand times, yet continue in prayer. Kncek with all yonr might, with all the vigour of . your spirit; plead as for life; knock at the j door as a man would knock who saw a wolf ' ready to spring upon him. Knock as one who found himself rendy to die of cold outside the door. Throw your whole soul into the work. Say unto theLord, "I beseech Thee have mercy upon me, and hare mercy upon rac now. I faint, I die, unless Thou manifest Thv love to me and take me into Thy hotise und tieart, that I may be Thine for ever." " Knock :uid it shall Iks opened to you." 4\. Next, to you who are knocking at the gate, a promise is given. That is mui'e titan having a door "before you. and a knocker to knock with. The promise is above the gate m plain words. Bead it. You are growing faint and wearr :*read the promise and grow strong again. " Knock, and it shall be opened unto you," Observe how plain and positive it h», with its glorious " shall' * burning like a lamp in the centre of it. In letters of love the inscription shines out amidst all the darkness that surrounds you, and these are its words, "It shall be opened unto yon." If you knock at the door of the kindest of men you see no such promise sot before yoii,. and yet you knock, and knock confidently; how much more boldly should yon come to* the door of grace when it is expressly declared, "It shall be opened unto you!" Wherefore do you doubt? Do you think He will not keep his word? A God who cannot lie, who was under no necessity to promise, freely, out of the greatness of His divine nature, which is love, nays to a poor tinner, "Knock, and it fihaU be opened nnto you." Oh, be sure of this, that He means it: and till heaven and earth bhall pass away His word shall stand, and neither you nor any other sinner that knocks at His door shall be refused admittance. I waut to say this, and I have done. Some people think if they have begun to pray, and are a little in earnest, that this is enough. Now, praying is not an end, it is only a means. Knocking Is not the ultimatum: you must enter in. If any of you .are seeking, I am glad of it; if yon are knocking I am glad of it; but if yon say, " I am perfectly satisfied to aland outside the door ana knock," then I am grieved for you. You are foolish to the last degree, because yon are resting in the means us if they were the end. You must enter by the door, or else knocking will be labour in vain. Would any of you be content to vista friend, and merely to* staud for an hour or two outside of his door knocking. Did you ever nay, " I do not want anything more; I shall sit down comfortably on the door step, and then get up and have another knock or two"? Knocking would not give you a dinner, nor do your business for you. Knocking is only the war of entrance, but if you. stop at knocking, it is poor work. The znost earnest praying is only .a way of getting to Christ; the Gospclitself is, " Believe in theliord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Come, then, to Christ. If yon fuid the door shut, knock. But oh, remember, the door is not reallv shnt; it is only so in Tour apprehension ! Heaven's wte stands open night and day. At once bdieye and hre. Trust in the merit ot Jesus Christ, anil you aro dotted with it; trust w the blood of Christ, and vou aro washed in it. laitn saves in an instant. It touches Jesus, and the healing virtue pours forth from His garment's hem; frith steps over tto threshold, and the soul is safe. The ijont grant that too mar enter in at once, and then Ft shall be our jov and the angels' joy, and tlie great Father's jnr, for erer and ever, to see von rescued fretn destruction! 