THE PASSING SHOW. I Bib,— Would God it were ! 1 fear that a show of this nature has come to stay. To be no worse than others is poor comfort, bnt before we iudce tbe Southern ritv to be th*» wickedest place on earth let ub look at statistics. In England one in every 61 of tbc entire female population is a prostitute. In towns one in every 10 between the ages of 15 and 40. What is tbe percentage in Hobart, and what here ? Now, it takes at Jmat 20 men to support each x rom&a; livings life of shame ; therefore the sinners who can sin without being shamed are at least as 10 to 1 of those whose sin brandB them. M.v txperiencc of citv life leads me to be lieve that though it may l)c our duty &b; Christians, yet it is of little use to attack the 'supply.' The real remedy is in de creasing tbc ' demand.' Iu the present day it is very hard to get at the young men en bloc ; it is increasingly difficult for those who would teach young men better things to get at those whom tbey would fain instruct in the way of wisdom and purity. The real remedy, and the only one which can be efficiently brought to bear on this problem is ?' parental control.' ' All great and good men have hail good mothers ' is near enough to the troth for my purpose. Hood mothers are cot those who pet and in dulge their children and give them their own way, but those whose gentle, loving guidance is felt far into manhood, a guid ance which restrains by the mere power of its weakness strengthened by the Spirit of God. Fathers arc supposed to look after the boys' morals when they arc passing through the stage of adolescence and arriv log at tbat of puberty, and a father's con trol may certainly effect much by the mere dominance of power, but the father can then | do little unless the caey yoke of loving obedience has been laid by both parents on the neck of the qhild from infancy. The best way to combat the growing evil iB to form an association of parents — one of mothers, another of fathers— who will pledge themselves to carry out day by day the spirit oi the words, ' Train up a chi-M io ihc way bo should go, and when ho is old he will not depart from it.' There is too much ' like' and too little ' ought' in the lives ot our young people. This looks boldly out, not only in tbe matter of social purity, but in many other ways. Rut, having suggested a remedy for the 'demand,' what shall I say of the supply? It is very sad I ' Vox' says that the jjarson puts it down to 'empty cupboards and lack of employ ment.' That might be true if the women j offered only their own virtue in exchange for bread, but would not account for their selling their children to shame. According to the testimony of London pawnbrokers, they can tell tbe habits of the women who bring things to pawn by the order in which they bring them. A sober, industrious woman, overtaken by poverty, strips gradu ally her house, herself, her husband, and, lastly, her children. The drinking woman strips her bouse, then her children, her husband, and, lastly, herself. This shows that intoxicants have a remarkably de moralising power over Ibose who abuse their use. Drink sc- mB lo destroy the finer feci- 1 ings, to take the manhood out of tbc man, and to kill the 'mother' iu the woman's breast. May it not be that what pawn brokers notice to be tbe effect of drink upon mothers, leading tbem to first sacrifice the children's comfort, may also be the pre- I disposing cause in this ease, leading the I mothers to pawu their (laughters' honor for I reward 1 1 cannot think tbat distress in | Hobart has reached such a pitch tbat woiuen arc driven, as a last resouice, to offer their daughter* to devils in order to provide the family with bread. 1 have known hundreds of married women driven by their hUBbaniB to walk the streets to provide them with the wherewithal to spend in drink. 1 am not a total abstainer, and 1 may be on the wrong track. J am merely speakiDg from tbe depth of a vast experience of human life in all classes and many lands. There is another phase of the purity question which comes nearer to the hearts of most pioplu than these shocking details of juvenile immorality. 1 speak of the ten dency of young people of both sexes aod of j all classes to follow without restraint the iucliuations implanted in them by nature, I not heeding or not knowing that the God given gift of rcn&jQ; was not bestowed upon tbeiu io enable iliem to indulge the flesh without being fouod out. but Ihsl thfj might learn so io Uiakc the lleah Bubscrvc the j S| iru they may be fit temples of the Holy Ghost. Here again parental influence, teaching, and control Btand forth as tbe remedy. Until young men arc taught that girls arc not playthings, and uhlil young women are taught to cultivate a man '6 rcsi-ect by respecting themselves, so long will there be sad hearts in many homes where the glad, happy laughter of innocence ha6 been banished by the secret smile of precocious vice, and then by the sobs of conscious guilt and shame. — Yours, etc,, W. H. Webbtee. 