'FAIBT G-OLD. BY THE AUTlIOli OF All in the Wild Mauoii Morning.' I CHAPTER V .—(Continued). ' But that is no reason why you should devote yourself to them, Dallas,' Lady Nora says decisively. ' I will . watch your interests thoro if need be. The girl is o sentimental impressionable little tiling, I fancy, and you could very easily reinstate) yoursolf at any timo in the place in her cs'imasion which I havo no doubt, you hold at presont j and Lady Nora smiles an ugly cunning little smile. 'I have found out from the old undo that the money — this, girl Yo lande's money, at all events — is strictly settled on herself — her own sole and separate use and all that sort of thing, ho gave me very plainly to understand ; and it is' carefully invested and in the trusteeship of himself and her aunt nnd a wholo pose of relatives — cousins or something of that kind— jam aud pickle makers.' 'What?' Dallas asks. 'Jam and pickle linkers,' Lady Nora repeats airily — ?' sardine importers and so forth, you know — people calli d Sarjent, or Wilmot, or some such name.' ' Oh, ay — I heard her speak of cousin Wilmot!' Dallas says, with a sliglu sardonic nnile. ' I thought there were ' 3vsi-«t ' association? with the name.' ' --o in. iliac case, you know, with any nf uir vulgar trustees set over you, tii;;.- Im opering restrictions, ntxt v/.uroTiu ? pr-i rsr settlement?, you coul l no'.: think oV the girl,' Lady Nora de claies decis' v,;ly. 'She is not very pre sentable either— a mere raw schoolgirl. I told the old uncle plainly that to tit Yolande to appear in good society she would at least need a thousand pounds to be spent upon her. He looked thunderstruck,' her ladyihip adds, laugh ing, ' and asked me, 'What for?' And I replied quietly, ' To polish her in mind, manner?, and appearance, to teach her fashionable accomplishments, and give her the tone of thoroughly well-bred people — a work of time in itself.' One has to put one's foot down on the pre judices and ideas of that class of people,' continues Lady Nora, daintly pushing aside the dead leaves with her parasol as she walked along. Dallas laughs. It does not matter to him in the very least, and his mother's hard, shrewd, selfish worldliness affords him cynical amusement. By-and-by tea is ready, and Dallas flnwloc o nitn Vnlnnrln nnd fafrnViPn nnA for himself, and sinks down oil the grass | at her feet, to drink it and talk with her. It is with an acknowledged feeling which he would be ashamed to put into words — as of giving her a little more of the society she evidently prizes — that he does so ; and he sees the expected result instantly. The quiet pensive face and ?s? clouded wistful eyes brighten and glow as if with the light of a mystic hidden lire, the blood ebbs and flows in delicate transient flushes beneath the clear pale skin, as he talks to her and looks up into her face as no man has ever looked at her before — with a calm masterful regard. And tho woman's awaking soul \- owns his sway and admits him now and for ever as lord and master. * * * The evening air is cool, tho golden light of the setting sun is making long deep shadows, the wind is whispering amongst the osiers on the river-bauks, as Dallas and Yolande walk back to the fwaiting carriages. ' This has been a very pleasant after noon, has it not ?' he says in his tender est manner. 'Yes — very,' she replies timidly. 'You might givo me a bit of that mint-blossom as a souvenir ! Will you?' he asks entreatingly. 'Have you the bit I gave you 1 Yes, I see you have. Are you constant then to any thing or person you like ?' 'I hope so,' Yolande answers, her voice husky with nervousness, her face hotly with shame and liappi ? i' i nd gathers a blossom I ?f s': Thin ii vo:, . .rnnde,' he says softly, ?tiid prcsr.. ( hand that tenders him t-nc Jinv. ? hich he puis away in his pocket-booic ,,nd forgets, until ho tumbles . it out one day and thinks how horribly , * suggestive of peppermint-lozenges tb o pas fume ib, iutd so tosses it into the fir?. xlui the L.'ippy hours extend into the happy nigh fc for Yolande. They have a dauce and a' supper at the hotel when \- , they ' return, and, when it is near mid v night and Dallas is feeling sleepy and inclined to yawn, he resolves to bid his . , ' little partnor who waltzes so very badly good night and good bye, nnd tell her that* ho is going back to England the next morning with his cousin Viscount Glynne, and that in all probability they v shall not rueet again. ' Poor little girl, I dare say she will be disappointed,' he says rather pityingly to himself j for Captain Glynne is good natured, and would rather draw a smile than a sigh, especially for a woman. J ~ - ' So, to mako tlie telling of the news pleasanter to her, ho takes Yolande down ' into the entrance-hall, which is a cool, dimly-lit promenade, with a few twink ling gas-lamps and tubs of myrtles and laurels along its whole length, with shady seats between. . And there the man and tho girl sit down side by side. A fleet ing recollection occurs to him oddly enough at this moment of the scene in Vknily Fair , when George Osborne's stern old father tells him he shall not ? marry Amelia unless her fortune is satis factory ; and tho shallow heart of the vain young officer is stirred into tender nets and compassion for the girl who * adores him, who grows precious to him when ho thinks he may have to put her and her love away from him for ever. ' I want to say goood-byo to you here, ' Yolande,' Captain Glynne says softly. ' CHAPTER VI. 'I am going to England to- morrow with my cousin Viscount Glynne,' Dallas explains to Yolando, after a pause. 'The boat leaves early ; so I supposo I shall not cee you again for soinu time.' And tho girl's foolish heart sinks like a leaden weight. ' I don't suppose you will over seo me again,' sho responds unsteadily, with the ghost of a little careless laugh. Captain Glynno is silent for a few moments, looking at her as thay sit to gether in the moonlight which Btrenms in through the open doorway and the windows. They aro quite alone, and it is lato ; and, man of tbo world as he is, there is some glamour oven for him in this shadowy hall, with its few faint gas lamps glimmering amidst the shrubs and flowers, and the trailing creepcrs and vine-branches swaying against tho moon lit window-pane3. Tbero is a glamour in the presence of the girl by his side, with her slender nun-liko grace of figure, slim and willowy in her clinging, black robe, her bare, white throat abovo the black, falling laces, her long, slender arms and hands ' As wliito As ocean-foam in tho moon,' her eyes like wells of liquid darkness when tbey dare to meet his glance. ' That depends on you,' he returns, in a low tone, with the lightest touch of his fingers on her wrist to adjust the jet bundles that have slipped down too far. She trembles porceptibly at his touch, ar.d he draws n little closor to hor, as ho asks — ' Would yon like to see mo again?' JTr, Dallas Glynne, is a man among men l.- the »iui]-le urde.it sjul which is aflame with passionate womanly admira tion of him, a demi god in evening dress. Cousin Wilmot Sarjent and cousin Wil mot's friends — dashing young City men, whom sho has hitherto thought so fashionable and elegant — she sees now in the glaring light of vulgaiity — expen- sively-clad plebeians, even with their superfine silk-faced drcss-coats and flash ing diamond rings, in tho presence of this pale-faced che3tnut- haircd aristo crat, with the cold calm eyes and proud firm mouth. 'Would you like to see me again?' he persists, and the blood tingles in her veins beneath the magnetic pressure of the fingers laid gently on her arm. ' Yes,' whispers Yolande. ' Then you shall,' Dallas says, and his strong sinewy hand clasps hers. 'You won't forget this pleasant after noon, will you, Yolande?' His very pronunciation of her name is, as it were, in a different tongue from the pronunciation sne nas imuerco heard, her friends and relatives laying a line British accent on the first syllable. ' No,' she answers nearly inaudibly ; and Dallas Glynne's lips draw very near to the girl's dark glossy head. ' What,' he murmurs, his moustache almost touching her little pink ear. ' Won't you tell me, Yolande ?' 'No — I shall never forget it,' Yo lande answers a little louder, though her voice trembles with emotion, and the broken words have a passionate emphasis that almost disconcerts him. For to her — poor, ignorant, unworldly child — these questions and replies are thrilling and solemn as pledges of mutual feeling confessed to each other. To Dallas Glynne they are the merest bubbles of society small-talk to a girl after a dance. ' Then it is not to be good-bye, but au revoir f' he says softly. His voice is as clear as ever, and as perfect in its modulation, Yolande thinks, with almost sorrowful admiration. ' Yes — if you like,' she falters shyly, dreadfully ashamed of her unsteady tones. ' Certainly I should like,' Dallas says warmly. 'Then good-bye for the present, Yolande dear.' ' Good-bye for the present, Captain Glynne,' she responds, trying gently to draw away her hand from his close clasp. 'Is that a rebuke to me?' he asks, reproachfully. ' Can't you address me more kindly than that?' 'No, no, I can't!' she answers, hurriedly, with a bashful frightened little laugh. And here Captain Dallas Glynne thinks it is just as well thab he should stop. He has hud half a mind to make a very tender farewell of it ; but some thing in the look of the pirlish profile, the innocent parted lips, tue pure trust ful curves of t ie young i:v,turned face, checks him with a throb of compunction which is almost shame. ' Good-bye then once more,'' he says, with both her hands clasped in his ; and then, for the second time that day, he stoops nnd touches her fingers with bis lips. ' Here is your governess coming to look for you,' he adds aloud, seeing that mademoiselle, with dainty mincing gait, is gliding softly up to them. 'Pardon, mademoiselle,' she begins with an exaggerated air of humility, glancing affectedly upwards from be neath her long lashes at Dallas Glynne while she speaks ; ' but madarne your aunt sent nie to look for you. She is very tired, and has gone to her room.' 'And it is quite time I went to mine,' Yolande rejoins nervously, laugh ing. ' Thank you, mademoiselle ; lam sorry you had the trouble of looking. for me.' Then turning to the young man, she says, ' Good-night and good-bye once more, Captain Glynne.' 'Good- night and good-bye — for the the present,' he responds, in soft low tones, looking into her eyes with a half veiled smile. And then he stands and looks after hor as she goes down the long hall, with mademoiselle following very slowly. She has bowed doferentially to Captain Glynne, with another of her keen quick glances, and he has returned the bow very gravely and courteously,' without even looking at her, At the foot of the staircase mademoi selle glances back, and sees that Captain Glynne has gone out into the court-yard to enjoy a cigar in the moonlight. (To be continued.) 