The Drayton Deviation. Deputation to the Looal Members. YKstimpAY morning a deputation, oonnintlng of Mossra, W. J. .Ponlt (Praidont), Win. Crawfonl, J. Shopnord, nml G. MoClororty, representing tho Drayton Shiro Couttufl, waited on tlio local niomber. cousiHiucntutiou a motion pae<l at n provlous meeting of tho Counoil, to seo them nnd nscortniu if there was any likelihood of tho Drayton Deviation being constructed at an onrly duto. Afr. Peak, C'liainimii of tho Sliiro Counoil, Iu introduoiiig tho deputation,, antd tliat tho niatlor oropjied up nt tlio last mooting of tho Council on tho motion of Air. Crawford. It appeared that somo rnilynya woro to l?o con- struotefl, nnd they thought it only right tlmt tho Drayton Deviation should rocolvo somo attontkm. Mr. Crawford said that tlio Drayton Dovla- Hon was tho oldest promised railway. Tho late Mr. Afticroiuian had promised it to them a long timo ago, hut ho dhl not boliovo in doing away with llm Wellonmp line. It had boon promised a long timo now, nnd ho would like to 8co It carried out. Afr. Sheppord suid that hoth tho Atolhvrnith nnd Griffith Government hml promised tlio linn to them, hut it hnd not boon oonstrunted yet, aUhongli tlmy wcro thoroughly entitled In . it. Tlio monoy had beou borrowed and placed ou tho estimates, and tho mnmbor should push thoir enso aud try and havo It constructed. Ar. W. H. Greoin, Af.L.A., said tlmtou tho 18th of Decemhor, 1881, tho thou Colonial Treasurer (tho Hon. J. R. Dioksou) "pro posed a grant nf £44,000 hy wny of loan for tho proposed Drayton Deviation. Tho pro- posed Dovintion," Mr. Dickson said, "would bo 11 or 12 mites in longtli, and It would olfcot a saving of between olght and nliio ihilo lietwcen Toowoomba nud Warwick. Tho araouulnskcd tor woa thoenglnecr's csdmato." It was Rtiungly opposed by Sir Thomas AToTlwmilh and his party, who wont so far us to declare that it was simply a hribo to tho couMtituouoy. Tlio latoHon. J. M. Aruorossnu, howover, differed with Sir Thomas Motl- wraith ou tho bribo sido of tho question, nnd mndo a very strong speech, but was opposed to tho construction of tho line nt thut timo. Tlio ntoliou of tlio Treasurer was carried on division hy 20 to 1 1, tho voto taking placo nt a Into hour of tho ovening and iu a thin llouso. On tho 27th of August, 1889, tlio then Minister tor Rail ways, tho Hon. II. AT. Nulsou, moved reso lutions, "That tho IIouso approve of tho plans, suctions, aud books of rcVercnco of tlio proposed Drayton Dovlatiou,. iu length 19 miles 53 olmiti 04 links"; nud "thut tho plans, sections, und books of roforcnco bo forvvurdod to tho Legislutivo Council for their upprovul," Tlicse motions wcro dolmted tor a considorablo time, nnd in thu eourso of tlio debute the Railway Commissioners' re port . was rend approving of tho liun, and pointing out tho great saving that could tie effected if it woro constructed ; tliat thoy woro objected to allow a robnto of 18 miles botwocn Warwick and Toowoomlia, nnd botweou Pittswortli nnd Toowoomba, in oousctjueiico of tho eirmiUuoii routo ctti Gowrio Junction. Ou thut ouoasion tho Hon. J. M. Macrossnu said On this occasion ho would ask tho nttoiitiou of lion, mombors to tho report of tlie Railway Comtni sioncn>, iu which it was s'ated that thu Duviatian would affect a saving of 16 mites raliato which was now allowed by tho Dopartmont. Tlmt aving would ho effeoled in this way. Thoro were 16 mile of carriago liotwcon Tocwonniba, and Wurwtok and Stnnthoqic, whioli wiih nut uharged hy tho Department aa tho lino wub so much longer than the rend. Tho read was 40 miles ami tho railway 05 mile long, Tho Dovintion would uuiko tho lino whcrolt should havo genu nt first, and tho grounds for asking for a robato would thou ho re moved. Tliat was a point worthy of con sideration. Tho saving hy tho Doviutiou would be O imloH of carriage. Tho Minister tor Railways informed him that the cost por trniu milo at' prcsont was 3s., aud thut thuro woro 12 trains por duy. Ho (Mr. MuurosHiin) Imd mudo a calculation a fow minutoi ago. By nmbiplyiog 12 by 9 they had lD8 milu which would bo saved In railway carriage daily, and if thoy oontinucd tho cnloulntton thoy would find that at tho ond of tho year thoro would 1» n saving of £1967. Tho cot of tho coiifitruation of tlio lino woum do, to wan snui, £u7,uuu. Tho interest, flay iqwn £70,(100, would bo £2,800, So tbut tho ' interest upon the cost of. coimtruutioii would be a Httlo more than oiio-hulf of tho saving which would ho offcoti'd by tbo couHtruutiuu of thi nine miles of railway." Mr. Alnernssnu admitled the necessity of this lino of railway from conviu- tlon, although at first hu wan uppuscd to it. llonttuohed considorablo iniportnnco to tho report of tho Railway Cotiiiuissiaiiors, who wore Hutisfit-d that tlio lino would bo a re- munoratlvo 0110. It would effect a consider- ublo saving, nml, moreover, shorten the dis tanco liotwcou Brisbane and 8y<lney. Tho motion was Inst 011 divihlim hy2t to 23. Sir Thonms Atollwruith abstained from voting. How tho motion wa lost was now a mutter of history, Hud tho thon Government de sired tho motton of the Minister for lluihvays ourricd, tlioro woiihl havo been no difficulty iu scouring a majority. That was how thu nmt- ter stood in 1889. At tho close of 1890 tho Atullwridtii-Morohead Government were practically dotoatod on their iinuiiciiit policy, and tho Coalition Ministry was formed, wilh Air. Uiininok as Miuistor for Railways, and then part of their |iolioy was tlio total oossa tiou of all railway construuttou. Ah tliev wore uwuro thai hud been thu polioy of thu Conlitioii Government up to thu present time. No railways, oxcopt tho two short Hue or deviation approved of last seHsion had been prepoHcd. New, in tho tncautimo, tho sus- ionion of tho buuk occurred, and two inillionH of loan inouoy, of whioh tho £44,000 tor tho Drayton Dovintion formed part, was locked up in Uio Quoousland National Bank tor 11 period of )2 yours from 1803; and for a period of six yoni-ft not ono penny of tlmt. can tm touohed. So that what, prospect there might ho of their having the rni-wuy built thuy could imugino from the position in which tho money stool ut tho presont timo. It was no fault of tho representatives of tho ditriut: that the mnuoy was not now available, but of uireumstanrcs ovor whioh thuy hud imd no control. Thu poliuy of tho Government ut tho present timo was hard to dofiuu, booauso Mr, Nelson hud announced Unit lio Imd uo works polioy. What he hud stutod was simply till : That tho local authorities, Brisbane, chiefly, hud paid £90,000 of loan, monoy, uud tho Queensland National Bank had paid it first instalment of £101,000, and with tho two sums combined ho proposed to submit to Par- liumout somo public works to 1m constructed out of that monoy. Ho has further announced tlmt for tho future there would bo no .political . railways, but that ovory railway would, luiyb to l>o decided by tlio House, not 011 party lines, but on its merits. Tlmt was how tho matter stood so tor us tho prosont Government and thu present Parliament woro concerned. He was not committing uny breach of oonfidenco iu stating tho polioy of tho Opposition so far as tho Two Million Loan money was coucomed. Thoy would submit to Parliament, if thoy had a majority nt tho next ohmtiou, a scheme for issuing dolnmtiires payable upon thn maturing of tho deposit m the QuccnHluml National Bunk, so as to obtain tbo money for tho vurions publlu works tor whioh tho loan was autiwrhed, and thus enable thowo works to bo carried out. That wa part of tho programtuo of the Opposition, which would be submitted to the electors of tho colony at tho proper time. Wliothor or not any aetioii could lio taken tills session regarding tho Drayton Deviation would depend vory tnueli upon tho works to bo proposed by tho Government, and which Air. Nelson 1ms promised to submit to Parliament at au early date. Whether thoy would ho railways or not, of courao thoy did not know. Thoy hnd already called tor ton- dcra for another section of tho Rundalmrg-GlHdstono railway, a distanco of <8 miles. That would al)orb 9 consider- nblo portion of tho £259,000 whioli Mr, Nolsou had at hfa' dhposal tor works. Ho thought Air. Fogurty and himsolf could pro- iniso tho gontlcmon present, on behalf of tho other mumlicrs, Messrs. Tlioni and Daniel, that if there was any prospect at till of nny- thlug being dono to udvaiico tho chums of tho Drayton Dovintion thoy could rely 011 thoir best effort being put forward in that direction- Ho hiul very littlo hope that any thing would Iki done, and it would rely more chiefly upou tho united exertions of thu people of tho district next year when tlio general election camo round Ho luul )>ccti requested lo apologises tor tho absence of Afr. Danio!, thu member for Gnmbooyn, who could not bo prosout but who woulu work in perfect harmony with Afr. Foguny, Mr. Thorn, and himself in tho matter. Any thing thoy did Afr. Daniels would glvo tliem oonlial assistance. t11 comdushm ho might sav that whatever their views on tho Drayton Deviation they were opposed to thu doing away of tho Wellcamp route, for the largo settlement that had taken placo botwocn Gowrio Junction and Cninhooyn, and hi view of a still furt hot inoreaso of settlement it would not 1k> just to ubondou that lino. Vested interests all along th»t lluo had bcei crested, aud tho 10,900 acre of Wcstbro' new to be opened up and settled upon would add lurgely to sottlemcnt aud trafuo. Thoy would not with justlco to all putts of tho district. \ Atr. J. Fognrty, M.L.A., also apologised for tho ataeuco of Air. W. Tliorn, tlio member for Aubigny, who was unfortunately uwny, but who would nKi render them overy nMlstnnco. Air. Thorn was in perfect sympathy with tho movement. Tie (Mr. rognrty) endorsed all that Afr. Groom hnd said. Ho thought it wroug to disturb tho present Hue, as thoro was a great doal of traffic thoro, and sottlomout was increasing, ntd would, hi all probability, luoreuso tlireo- told by tho rcecnt purehase by tlio Govern ment of somo of tho Wostbwek laud. Sir Thomas Atollwruith, judging hy tho Jlnmtartl rojuirt, was opposed to tho construction of tho Drayton Dovuitlon, which was strongly re commended by tlio Railway Commissioners. If Ins memory twrwd him right aineo 1888 tlio viows of Sir Thomas Atollwruith underwent a considerable ehuiigo. Sponkhtg in tlio As- numbly Roflmsin favor of Air. John Gnrgot's candidature that gontlonmn implicii that in the ovent of his succoedihg at tho pnllH.tho Dray ton Dovintion would Ikj constructed. AVoll, gentlemen, ho wna successful nt tho imlls, but ho rogrcttetl to say that that preinlso was not kopt. Ho had tlio pleasure of making tho sumo statement 011 tho floor of tho Houho in tho presenou of Sir Thomas Atollwruith, nud tliatgentlomniididiint deny it. 1 luhndnlMihiid n conversation with Air Aratiiiesou, Chief Railway Commissioner, and ho beliavotl lie was very strongly in favor of tho Drayton Deviation. When the Railway Cmumliuion- era reporhMl on tho lino thoy strongly favored its coustruutiou, but thoy wcro not qulto so strong, infant rather luko- warm, on thu Buuya Mountain lino from Dalby, and that was curried, hut tho Drayton Dovlatiou wa do- fcutad. Both Air. Groom aud himself woro always prepared, and at times with consider able sacriflco, to bo presout and voto lu tho in terests of thoooustUuonoy, aud they could rest assured that if thoro was any of tlmt quarter of n million avnilahlo thoy would ondoavor to secure what was duo to thorn for tlio con struction of tho Drayton Dovlation. During tho prcsont wcok thoy would wait upon tho AUuifitcr tor Railways and make application !n thoir interests, nnd it would ho no fault of theirs if tho liuo wa not oomplotod hoforo tho noxt general olootion.' It hail bcon hang ing about for a great many years, and always cropped up, liko tho Kinmn Ghost, nt gene ral election timo, but that was not tho enso uow. If thoy saw any opportunity of having tho Dray ton Dovintion oonstrootcd thoy would not fail to movo in tho matter. Air. Crnwford said ho was sorry that Alcssrs. Daniels and Thorn woro not prosout. Ho .went to tho troublo of going through tho doctoral rolls. In Drayton and Toownomba thoro woro 2585 naimrH, Aubigny 1257, ami Cambooya 1130, making a total »f 4081 veto. Now toko them at four of a family, thu total population represented hy tho tour momt>cra was 15,924 pontons, and ho thought that alonu should awaken tho Government to tho no- oexsity of building that lino. Ho said tlmtau Act luul been passed last Hussion to divert tho mioxpouded balance (uaut -tho 30th Juno, 1804), of curtain loans aiulinrisod for railway eotiHtruotimi, aud to apply tho iimouut of snub bnhinocs in carrying out certain workH iijHin. railway lluos, otliur than tlioso fur wldoh tho loans woro originally authorised, uud by that Act thoy were douo out of thoir money fortlio Drayton DoviaUon, audit appeared as if it was going for tho Goombungoo lino. IIoHhought Uioy had flrst right to tho monoy. Afr. Groom said that tho Aat Mr. Crawford reforred to was ono to whioh no opposition was offsred. Thosohodulo to tho Act comprised tha loan balances standing over, whluli hnd boon voted for partloulnr purposes, nud whioh could not ho spent ou any other works without tho consent of Parlliimoiit. Ho could givo thom ono item na nu uxampto. Years ago it was proposed to oonstruct a " iriglitlelds Inoliuo" u railway on tho oog- wheel prin- clplo from Highflelds stntioh to Koojarowou, and a sum of £0009 was voted tor thut pur- poso. That could not bo uxpouded 011 any other work oxcopt willi tho consent of I'arlmmeiit. That Item was Itioludod in tho Act to whluh Afr. Crawford referred to. Tho nohedtilo in cluded thu whole of tho bahmuos of loans un expended, which amounted In tho Southern Division of thooolouy to £70,8(17 19s. Id., and ill tho Northern Division to £50,990 l is. 2d. Tha monoy voted for tlio Drayton Dovlatiou wus not included iu tho Aut, aiulonuld nut ho devoted to any other ptirposo without tho special cotisentof Pnrliainout ; and tho oleutors of tho diatriot would havo umplo notice of any iutoutlou to devoto tho monoy to any othor purposo. . Ho might add that ho did not think tlio lino should bo constructed midor tlio proposed Railway uimrnniuo inn, nor urn liu think that Bill would apply In this enso, bcoauso, although termed uiiuviutioiqitwouhi undoubtedly tonn jmrt of tho main liuo of railway lietwcen Bnsbnno and Walhmgurni, and R would not hu orcotud so cheaply as a branch lino. Tukinu tlio Into Afr. Alacrossau's caiimato aa a correot ohu, tho lino would cost sny £70,000, although 1m thought it would hu dono muoh olmapor, and supposing tlio Go- vernmunt declined toronstrunt tho liuo iuiIchm unun tho giuirautuo of Uio tonal authorities of 2 por eout., that would oomo lo £1 100 per year upou tho Afuuioipality of Toowoomba and Drayton Sliiro Oounnil, and tluty eorlainly could not afford to pay at tho present, timo £1400, liecauso it would praotlcaliy amount to a special tax of something llko>jd. in thu £ upon tho capital value of all tho laud within tho Muniuipulity aud Sliiro every year, in addition to general taxation. TJ10 Goom- bungeo liuo cmitd bo constructed tor £1400 por milo, while tlmt of thu Drayton Dovlation would Imi more expensive lit construction to ataiiil tho heavy traffic. The t wo linos wore not at all iiiialogoiiH. Mr. Oniivfenl said ho was phased with Afr. Groom's explanation. That goiitloumn hail promised to watch imd see that the money for tho Drayton Deviation was not eajsmded else where. Ho wa informed tho Aut nf last HONHinn Imd dono so, hut hu now saw that such was not the cuso. IIu hoped tho mombors would look sharply after thu mouov. Air. Poak, ou 'behalf of the doputatlon, thanked thn membors tor thoir courtesy aud littontion, und thon withdrew. 