S t. -·Paul's Anglican t?hurch5 INSTITUTION OF THE REV. A. B. BA-BTLET, ,¥A. The Rev. A.B. Bartlett, MA., the new In combant of St. Paul's Anglican Church (sie.. cesaor to the* Rev. B. Meers, who has been1 Iaduteas the past?or of the Angloan Church at Wasek), wass jnlt~ied-pn Saturday even ing last by:r. ,pebber, Rishop.o Bn?taban A geodlrssumberr~ ol persons ,sueaemhtle ·In the hozh?.towitness the ceremoyn. lter?devo tional exerolase had bean engaged in,- ... Br~D. Woma8:n enter~edthlk e plpn ad havingl m a passage ;f, Scripture, delivered a brief ?.?_e?. - ,e ooure.of which he observed thiAthe orin dentSl idea which he wished his hearers to beer in mind was the building up of the body of Christ, and he urged upon them elf to endeavour to promote the uIlding up of the human life intothetemple-o Christ.. Refer ring m?mre ,rtpucly to the objeet of their mee?tngt? ?gethe rthaveing,the Bishop said: ?.-.?l'??islo 'this "h striving to build upI .thetodyfb'tlst thht'he itho, now waite t beo ma4owlztstftiitedto r oaniosle has a t y?rhatnn earnest r yorown rapes nsominators- In con 'o i hon its now before jebboongratulatad on ouknowthefaiheeasno wisely. The ,heso dlh d pseon to take up isislandte 4bpnftritseb him who, a fowMe$ttgo tYm .eetOua to andther cure. You kn~ow o'abdul and ansiossly he labourd dnring sye fortyearsa that ha was here, and I am Indeed thankful that ha left this panabh ondersuch manifest tokens at good. will sad appreciation; and I have only to be. speak the same eanst care and the ;ame deep Interest on your paetfor him who Is now before Iohe is no child- men, as yne well know. son kowh the ifn e of his minisryIn the mission which lie recantly conducted amongst you, and his nine or ten years' service in the sister colony intlitseli speaks with no stlerrt~tgnae.l' These Acts are sufficiently e yoquent in tblmsels fof the charaterof the man.. What Ito he to do nowis ovbspeekr your! hinest sympathy, and that you wilt e? press wt in the most earnest manner; and to what moo earnest manner ean ti be expressed than by Iinercassory preys:?" The new Incumbent then knelt before the Bishop, who, addressing theotntregation, said: -"B1rethren, .IP ~arega sue exhort yan to praye tonenally for the minister of Christ daled to the Iritual oversight of hthisparBish, and to aseist with all jorpower in the douse of his holy calling, for -the esio HityWt o lived and died and rose aga~infor us, curnrd IJeans Chr~ist" a 'Praher avtingbeen offered, the Rev. A. B. Bartlett was than duly instituted. Kneeling hefore theBishop, the ltter sail-" In the namWhof the Father, and of the Son, and of the eolri Ghost, pr es. I, W illiem Thomas Thornhill, Bishop of Brisonesdo hereby give thee, Athur Bartlett, Institution and mission end careof susig as peste of this peish, and aithority to preach the word and to administer the eacraerents hereIn." Than, puteing a Bible itot the hand of the oeaw ncnmbent, his lordship said :-" I charge they before God and the Lord Jesus Christh Who shall judge the quick and the deed at His appearing, preach the Word; be instant to season, out of semeon; reprove, rebuke, exhort with al long suffering end doctrine." Than, havIng led the new Incumbent in the stali, end having nducted him thereIn, the Bishop said:-r"0 praise the Lord for His goodess and declare the wanders that lie osbfrthe children of man. Exalt Him aloo in the congregation of the people, and praise Him In the seal of the benediction" A hymn wee than sang, after which the Bishop pronseened the heascdiotinn and tire .gathering dispersed. The ceremony wasa veyipesiese throeghout, anda d'evMotionlspritperv aded the congregation. 