J SPORTING.. ? *y. 'awjob's oaosr- ' MtJT: Foley was not the buyer of the? Hhypony Ba'rshot, as reported by ' Mas cotte'1 in the ' Grazier,' nur is Barshot the ohampion pony of Kiverina. Winning a selling race at the Hay races, with only oner oppsnent does-not constitute a, champion.. The match between Luhrs. nnd Heather r- bell which luis beau talked of for some time past seems as far off as ever. The arrange ments have almost been twu-e clinched (lur ing the last week, but somehow or olher just (us the bawbees are to.phnked. down, a hitch -occurs. Our Tingsombe has issued his programme for the Narandera Turf Club, in book form, which oontains besides the programme, a lot of useful information. . Mr Tingcombe will forward same to -uny address on application.' The Urana pony, Gipsy Queen, won a. couple of good races in Melbourne lately.. Ripple won the Ascot Handicap, for H.I: ponies, at Ascot, on Wednesday lust. Cannon has been sold for 1009 guinea to a foreign-buyer.. . Fortunatus,. Malolo, Beek'eeper, and La Gloria' have left for India. Turmoil, who has just arrived from Hay» has goae into Jaok Hoysted'e stable. Bob Thomas' menu for the week consists of the two oups «nd J)erbv, and paying over of? Daimio, Bob hiuathave deserted hia lucky book. * The bicycle folk have almost got their track completed. It is to be hoped they will aoon.be able to come out with a pro gramme-tor an afternoon's apart James Cope,'who,'it will' be remembered, ?trained Tamenund, whenrhe won the Town Plate at the annual' meeting of the Naran dera Turf Club in 1893, met wth- a fatal accident at the Finley Races on Tuesday last, while riding; Wedding.: March, in : the Hurdle Race, by which he met hia death. \- Daiinio time for the Grand' National Steeplechase, 6min-45i sees., is : the record for the race, being a quarter of. a eccond faster than Bedleaps in.l8P2. The polo people round the district will also-, have, a enp fr- be oompetcd for hy. D iinio'« win on Saturday, the Messrs Gibs m Bros again bning the donors. It is -stated; on good authority that the Gibson Bro-, whose horse won- the G. N. Sceeplechase on Saturday, never bet, but that they only win for the honor. Not many sportsmen of- this calibre are to be se-n at the present time: A football match between the Mechanios and Grong Grong, played here on Saturday, rosnlted-inavictory for the former by 9 goals to.£.. - A polo match' was plnjed at the race course on Saturday between thj team of three goisg to Hay, and four af tha other players,. th« team going, awajr, wuning. after a keen contest.. The team that is to tafe part in the pole tournament at Hay, are Dr. Watt, and Messrs M'Phenun and M. Jenkins^ : J: E; Brewer purchased Bill for £125. . Emmalea is the only mare that has won a Grand National Hurdle Race.' ; I beUere the Me8srsGttbsou Bros:, promised » Onp to the Narandera Turf Club, should Daimio.win the Grand National Steeplechase, The Club have now a Cup, a Braoelet (the gift of Mr F.Badd), and *-trofhy(Mr T. ;Qough), to be oompated for at their next annual meeting.. A very good begioninp. Sunflower, by Sunrise— Mimo»a, tell and broke her neck, while taking, part in the Open Hurdle Race at Flemington on Satur day.. Sunflower who has won a number of races, both on. the flat and over the sticks, was bred by Mr M. Devlin, and has been racing under Mr E. Davis' name until the latter was disqualified for 6 months. Early/Mom gave us : another taste of his good qualities in Melbourne on Saturday by running a dead heat with Bung Bung for second place in the Lawn Handicap, won by .ThB^Biinsienno. Tbe six. furlongs was eaiVed bit in the fast' ti'rhe ot lrnih. ' lSseo. It iiTeportad that MrOough has-dispoeed of 'his pet ' to* Sydnejr4-uyerat a- aaiiifao- tory 'figure.. ''- ''? ?' ' '? \j; ' ;''-. 