CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY.] DEPARTURE OF A LADY MISSIONARY. This afternoon Miss Alice Phillips will leave by the Melbourne express on route to join the Church Missionary Society's mission at Julia, in Persia, which is in charge of Bishop Stuart. Miss Phillips is going out under the auspices of the Church Missionary Association She is not the first lady missionary the association has sent into the foreign mission field, but also enjoys the distinction of being the first who is Australian born In connection with her departure a special service was held in St.. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday morning, at which the Dean of Sydney delivered on address from the text, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," the Dean's subject being the sustaining power of the Christian missionary. At the conclusion of the service Holy Communion was administered, the Dean being the celebrant assisted by the Revs. Canon Moreton and R J. Read In the evening a valedictory a meeting was held in the Chapter House, which was crowded The Dean of Sydney presided, amongst those on the platform being the Revs. Canon Moreton, Canon Puddicombe, M Archdall, M A , J Dixon H Martin, W. Martin, C. King, Messrs Kent, Shaw, Close, and Walsh. On the walls of thobuildingvv orohungtho inscriptions " The harvest is great and the labourers are few," " Christ for the world and the world for Christ, and the names of places where the Church Missionary Society has stations, such as China, Persia, Baghdad, India, and Coybil The proceedings were of an impressive nature, and were to a great extent devotional Appropriate addresses were delivered by the chairman, also by the Rev. Canon Puddicombe and the Rev. A. S Bellingham The Rev Mr. Martin read the instructions of the committee, and the Rev. Canon Moreton delivered a farewell exhortation to the departing missionary. Miss Phillips gave an interesting address, after which there was a common date prayer, followed by the hymn, " God be with you till we meet again," the proceedings closing with the benedictions 