|[tteratra& THE DRIFT OF FATE. By DORA BUSSEEL, Author of 'A Country Sweetheart,* ''Ofte Broken Seal,' 'His Will and Hers,' 'Hidden in My Heart,' 'On Golden Hinges,' &a;, &c; [Published by special arrangement with the -author. All rights reseired.} Ohaptbb XHL-A Young Mam's Foces. Godfrey Seton did not accept the invitation contained in the letter that hehad read with a frowning brow. But he answered it and car ried his letter to the post himself, and as he did so his memory went back to hours and scenes that he would how fain forget. ? He remembered when he had first met Mrs. Fanshawe — the wife of another man—at an Indian hill station. He remembered Bitting with the goiden-haired woman who had smiled on - hi*n in dusky gardens while the band played in the distance and when in a young man's folly he had deemed he loved her. Years had passed since those days of brief delirium, but Godfrey Seton had awoke from his dream fettered by a promise he could not ignore. ' If ever you are free I will ask you to be my wife,' he had told Mrs. Fanshawe many a time in the early days of his love, and now Mrs. Fanshawe was a widow ! But long ere her freedom came Godfrey had wearied of the bond. She was handsome, but her mind was of an utterly inferior quality to his. A woman whose instincts were low and : whose soul never soared to higher things. She lacked the depth, the subtle power that can bind a man's heart even when passion is dead. But she did not recogise this ; she had not the mental scope to see it Godfrey Seton had been her lover, and 4a her way she had loved him and thought that she had risked too much for his sake. But she had been prudent withal, and when her husband — an Indian judge — died this merit was at least found to be rewarded, for Mrs. Fanshawe had been left rich. And she at once wrote to tell Godfrey this. She was rich, she was free, and she never for a moment doubted that he would be only too ready to throw himself at her feet. But he was not ; he kuew she was unsirited to him and suddenly across his path had come one with whom his soul had a strong and secret sympathy. He knew Mrs. Fanshawe had become a widow shortly before he met Nell Fraser, and had he not met the grey-eyed girl, whose thoughts seemed to find an echo in his own, he might have drifted — as many a man does — quietly, on his part, into at best a loveless marriage. But this was not so now ; the resolute young face he had watched to-day; the girl he' had asked to be his friend, had quickly become part and parcel of his being. He meant to break through the old bond as he strode across the fields to post the letter he had written to Mrs. Fansbawe. To have fol lowed him to Northumberland he considered, to say ths least, unwomanly. But he knew he had not a very scrupulous woman to deal with — a woman who had deceived her husband and who no doubt in turn might deceive him. So he posted the letter, which was certainly not lover-like, and then returned to Northesk. He felt angry with himself, as well as with his old love. 'What fools men are,' he thought, slashing at the tall thistles in the hedgerows with his walking- stick. It was the old story of the fire burned out and the bitter ashes of a dead love and a living regret. However, by dinner time he had smoked himself into a more amiable frame of mind. And Mr. Seton had also apparently recovered bis temper. But he did not speak of the in quest in the morning. He was vexed that a girl he liked as much as Nell Fraser should have acted as she had done. *' But after all, she is only a girl,' he had re flected and he spoke kindly to T^ell at dinner, and after dinner they played billiards and the evening passed as usual, though Godfrey Seton had no opportunity of any_ private conversation with Nell ; perhaps his mind was too much out of tune to wish for any. And the next morning a fresh annoyance occurred to him. About 12 o'clock he was standing talking to the two girls in the garden, who were sitting on a rustic seat on the lawn, when the sound of carriage wheels were heard on the approach to the house. They all looked round, as it was an unusual hour for .visitors, and Olive said — 'I think it is Mrs. Fenwicke, of Lilbank ; I must go and speak to her, Godfrey, and I see there is a lady with her.' A dusky flush passed over Godfrey's face as he listened to these words, but for a moment he did not speak. Olive rose and walked quickly towards the carriage now standing before the entranoe, and Nell and Godfrey saw her shake hands with one of the ladies in the carriage and apparently be introduced to the other. Then the two ladies got out of the carriage, and to Godfrey's secret consternation commenced crossing the lawn with Olive and approaching the rustic seat where Nell was still sitting and Godfrey standing in front of her. The flush deepened on Godfrey's face as they drew near and ne raised his cloth cap and took a few steps forward to meet them. , One of the ladies — Mrs. Fenwicke, of Lilbank — was a very stout, fair, good-looking woman of some forty-five years ; the other was a fashionably-dressed woman with golden hair and a brilliant complexion. This complexion, like Godfrey's, was somewhat flushed and there was a look of suppressed excitement on her handsome face. ' Well, how are you V she said as she met Godfrey and clasped his hand. He made scarcely any audible reply. He shook hands with her and then with Mrs. Fenwicke, with whom he had a slight ac quaintance. 'Well, Major Seton,' said Mis. Fenwicke in her bright, jovial way, 'I have brought your old friend Grace over to see you this morning, as you did not come last night and we were all quite disappointed.' 'It is very good of you,' answered God frey, with slightly faltering lips ; and then he again looked at his 'old friend Grace.' She was undoubtedly a good-looking woman of a certain type. A sensuous, yet hard ex pression lurked round her full red lips, and a certain boldness in her bright blue eyes. God frey remembered her slim and fair in her white frocks when he had met her long ago : but now her form was shapely and developed and her dress a rich black Bilk was supposed to be worn as a mark of regret for hec departed 3U'gHow could I ever love herf thought Godfrey, as she looked up emilingly in bis face. _ _ ' ' How handsome he is,' thought Grace Jfan Bhawe, and the though pleased her; for had she met her old love maimed or disfigured her affection for him would have rapidly declined. Olive introduced Nell to the two ladies, and then Mrs. Fanshawe again looked at Godfrey. 'Shall we have a stroll under those lovely trees ?' she said. ' ' You have a charming plaoe here, Miss Seton— oome, Godfrey.' She called him by hisname and IN ell glanced up for a moment in surprise, and Godfrey ^?Weli, I think Til sit down,' said fat Mrs. Fenwicke, 'but vou and Grace have a moe walk together, Major Seton, and I will stay with the young ladies.' -?,.„?,, 'Had we not better all etay T said Godfrey 'No, I have a hundred things to nay to vou.' said Mrs. Fanshawe, once more looking L Godfrey; and so Godfrey, was foroed to walktwitbher, and Mm. Fenwicke, Olive, and Uell ?were left behind. m ? ?'Mrs. Franflhawe was a great friendof your ^rcpn'gont in Jn^J&w; fjetooii/' mft JMift Jfepwickain her oily good-natmyid way, for the woman tow brimful of kindness; 'and when she heanilie was at Northesk 6he wrote and asked me to take her in for a while as she wished to eee him. She is a widoifc you know, and well off.' And Mrs. Fenwidce laughed *' I did not know,' answered Olive, with a Bort of painful reserve in her tone. 'Oh, yes, I fanoy they had a bit of flirta tion out there in the old judge's time, for a good deal of that kind of thing goes on in India I'm told. But if he fancies her now she is really well off, for the judge left her every thing. Neither of the girls spoke. Mrs. Fenwicke imagined she was doing a good-natured action in telling of her friend's money, as she thought she would be a very good match for Major Seton, but as she got no response she changed the conversation to other things and began frJj''g pf her poultry and her pigs with equal satisfaction. In the meantime the two who were both thinking of the past had walked on together and Mrs. Fanshawe had begun the conversa tion. 'Why did you not come last night; God frey?' she said. 'I could not come,' he answered, with averted face.' 'I could not rest till I saw you,' continued Mrs. Fanshawe, 'so I made that good natured mass of flesh drive me over this morn ing. Oh ! Godfrey, it's come at last — my re lease, my freedom 1' 'Yes,' said Godfrey in a reserved tone. 'And I've thought of nothing but you ever since. And, Godfrey, the old man left me well off — there is nothing to part us now.' 'I am gping^ back to India very shortly, ' eaid Godfrey with a great effort. ' But you need not go ; you can exchange if you wish to remain in the army. But why not leave it altogether! I have enough for both.' Poor Godfrey Seton. If ever a man was paying bitterly for his early folly he was at this moment. He bit his lip under .his thick brown moustache; he moved his hands rest lessly. ' We must think it over,' he said alowly. ?* I have thought it over for years and years before I was free and for months since. If we wait another two months I think that is all that can be reasonably expected of us.' 'How long is it since Mr. Fanshawe died ?' 'Four months; surely six months is long enough to wait after the poor old man's death?' Godfrey gave rather a harsh and bitter laugh. ' Itf e not very long,' he said, '^to mourn for a husband.' Mrs. Fanshawe .drew herself Tip with an offended air. 'Really, Godfrey,' she said, 'you speak very oddly, considering ? ' ' I think it is certainly too soon for a woman to think of marrying again after her husband's death.' ' It may be a little soon, but under the cir cumstances, considering how our names were coupled together in TnHii^ I do not think it is too soon.' 'Well, do not talk about it any more to day, at any rate,' answered Godfrey Seton impatiently. 'But why?' 'I repeat it is too soon ; and I think now that we nad better return to the others.' Mrs. Fanshawe felt very angry. She knew that Godfrey Seton had changed to her, but all the same she meant to keep him to hia word. She had some old letters, in which his promise was written, to ask her to be his wife, if ever she were free, and she remembered this now. ' I suppose he has fallen in love with some one else — some other married woman, per haps,' she thought bitterly ; ' but it shall not avail him.' She, however, did not refuse to return to the others, as Godfrey had suggested. She went back with a flushed face and an angry heart. Mrs. Fenwicke looked at her with an enquiring smile rippling over her fat and rosy face as ehe approached the garden seat. 'Well, you have not been long over your ohat about old times, my dear,' she said. ' Major Seton perhaps does not care to be reminded of old times,' replied Mrs. Fanshawe with suppressed bitterness in her tone. Godfrey Seton said nothing. He looked at Nell and wkhed the woman by his side were a hundred miles away. But the woman by bis side had no idea of going. one Sau down on me boab wiiiu cut; uuxen, unit she talked almost exclusively to Godfrey. She had begun to think that she had been foolish in showing temper to him and she speedily began to smile on Mm again. It was 'Do you remember that and do you remember the other?' She told anecdotes in which they were both concerned and looked even more than she said, while Godfrey stood embarrassed and almost silent. And presently Mr. Seton came out on _ the lawn and joined the party. He also invited Mrs. Fenwieke and Mrs. Fanshawe to stay to lunch and the two ladies were nothing loth. And during this meal Mrs. Fenwicke insisted on the whole party promising to dine with her on. the following day. ' I will take no excuse, Mr. Seton,' she said, waving her fat, white, be-ringed hand ; ' Mr. Fenwicke will be delighted and I must not let my friend, Mrs. Fanshawe here, die of dull ness.' And she laughed joyously. ' I am sure no one oould be dull with you,' said Mr. Seton pleasantly. ' Oh ! I don't know that ! Young widows, you know, like company, and as we are neigh bors I hope, Mr. Seton, that you and Major Seton will often come over during Mrs. Fan shawe's stay and look us up.' 'Only too happy, I am sure,' answered Mr. Seton, but Godfrey did not speak and cast his eyes down on his plate to the disgust of his old love. Even when luncheon was over the ladies lingered. It was close on 4 o'clock when Air. Seton and Godfrey finally handed them into their carriage and they were driven home. 'I will see you to-morrow, then,' 6aid Mrs. FanEha'we as she pressed Godfrey's hand in farewell, and with a very gloomy brow Godfrey turned away. 'So you knew that lady in India, Godfrey ?' said Mr. Seton as the carriage disappeared. 'Yes,' answered Godfrey, but he did not enlarge on his fonner acquaintance with the judge's widow. He went out alone fora walk in the park to consider gravely the position in which he found himself. Marry Mrs. Fanshawe he was determined he would not, but how to make her understand this was very difficult. And besides Godfrey knew that he had made this promise and there was an uneasy feeling in his heart whether his honor bound him to keep it. ' It would be unjust feeling towards her as I now do,' he finally told himself. ' I love another woman; I will try to marry the woman I love.' He returned to the house somewhat com forted by this idea, but still he felt anything but happy. Nemesis in the shape of Mrs. Fanshawe was pursuing him for his early folly. Chapter XIV* — A Yocng Man2b Love. The next morning at breakfast, when Mr. Seton made some allusion to their dining at Lilbank in the evening, he added, looking at Nell 'You will think it a very pretty place I expect, Miss Fraser ; it is most picturesquely situated. Nell slightly colored and then said quietly — ' If you do not mind, Mr. Seton, I should rather not go; you see I do not know the lady.' 'But you go as our guest, Miss Fraser,' answered Mr. Seton, surprised. ' I should rather not go, please,' said Nell, looking down. ' It is a great bore dining out in the country, with the long drive there and back,' now re marked Godfrey Seton; 'I will make some excuse too.' 'Why, Godfrey, the party was made for you ; made that you might meet your old Indian friend. I do not see how you can refuse.' 'Oh ! do go, Godfrey,' begged Oliva Godfrey's face colored and he moved un easiiy as he listened to his uncle's and cousin's words. '.I should rather not,' he said half im patiently : 'but I suppose if I must go I must. You had better go too, Miss Fraser ?' he added. But Nell shook her head. Mr. Seton felt disappointed, though he would scarcely admit this feeling to himself. ' It will be dull for you all alone the whole evening,' he said, looking at NelL 'Oh, no,' she answered, and she smiled: and Godfrey too looked at her and wondered what excuse he could find to remain 'the whole evening' at Northesk. . Suddenly an idea struck him and he acted ODLit I think I will ride over and sea young Hayward this morning,'' he said, addressing his uncle ; ' the lad, I suppose, will expect me to call, as I helped to nurse him through his fever.' ' It's a stiffish ride when you have the drive too in the' evening to Lilbank before you,' replied Mr. Seton. I feel in the humor for a long ride,' answered Godfrey. ' Be sure you are back in time to dress for dinner, then,' said Olive a little anxiously. 'I shall be back in plenty of time. May I ride Tomboy, uncle V ' Of course ; you may take your pick of the stables and Tomboy has plenty of go in him. But iffi a good ten miles' ride to Colonel Hay ward's.' 'Thafs all rights said Godfrey; and half an hoar later he started on his visit to a young fellow in his own regiment, who was at home on siok leave from India. Olive seemed a little restless after he was gone. Then she suddenly proposed to Nell that they should go down to the lodge and en quire after the dead keeper's widow. 'My father says he has to be buried to jDBqEicnv«Mro4KHud wot $p then; and I feel that she will think it unkind unless we go to day.' 'Yes, I think we ought to go,' answered 'She is sure to wish to talk to you, as you were with her poor husband when he died. I feel so much for her !' 'And so do I; and the poor little boy; it is all so sad.' After this the two girls spent some time in arranging everything that they thought would be useful or acceptable to the unfortunate woman. And as they did this Nell said softly— 'And if I may, Olive, I should like to take some white flowers, to place near him, as I saw him die.' 'Oh I how dear of you to think of it,' cried Olive. '?' Yea, let us go and cut the very best we can ; your kind thoughtfulness is sure to please Mrs. Martin.' They went into the conservatory together and gathered some beautiful white flowers, which Nell's supple fingers soon formed into a cross. They took some flowers also to place around the dead keeper and then started for the lodge, where he lay in his last sleep. They were both moved as they approached the pretty trellised dwelling-plice with roses and jasmine falling over the windows with the drawn blinds. The door was slightly ajar and Olive rapped softly, and in answer to her summons a woman appeared, who curtesied when she saw the two girls. 'We came to ask after Mrs. Martin. Can we see her ?' said Olive, ia-a low tone. 'She's as bad as bad can be, Miss Seton,' answered the woman. ' You see her man has to be carried away to-morrow and she's just nigh distraught.' 'I am so very, very sorry,' replied Olive, almost in a whisper ; 'we have brought some things — some flowers ? ' But at this moment there advanced to the door of the darkened lodge a figure so tragic that both Olive and Nell half started. It was Mrs. Martin ; her striking face grey tinted and drawn and her hair dishevelled. But it was her dark sunken eyes, wild with misery and despair, that startled the two girls. As she came forward she put up a worn hand to shade her face from the sunshine, and then she said in a harsh voice — ' ' Who is it, Mrs. Peters ? I can have no one here — his last day at home.' 'It's the young ladies from the hall,' answered Mrs. Peters, who was one of .her neighbors. Then Mrs. Martin looked at Olive and Nell with her despairing eyes. 'We have brought some flowers,' repeated Olive gently; 'Miss Fraser wished to bring them ? ' ' Is she the young lady then who saw him die T now asked Mrs. Martin, fixing her eyes on NelL ' Who was with him when he drew his lost breath ?' ' Yes, Mrs. Martin,' said Nell pitifully. 'And yet ye refuBed at the coroner's 'quest to swear to the man who killed him ? To his murderer who passed ye in the wood ?' con tinued Mrs. Martin accusingly. ' I could not swear to him, answered Nell bravely ; 'a man passed me, but I did not see his face except for a moment. I would not know him again.' 'It was his murderer, and you' know it !' said Mrs. Martin harshly. 'Him that's killed the best man that ever lived — that's broke my heart. Oh, Martin ! Martin !' She burst here into a sort of spasm of con vulsive cries ; the muscles of her throat strain ing painfully, but no tears came to relieve her burning eyes. 'Oh, hush, hush, Mrs. Martin,' said Olive, trying to take her work-worn hand. ' Ye must bow to the Lord's will, dearie, ' suggested Mrs. Peters with a groan. 'Why did He take him then ? What had he, done ??' asked the bereaved woman fiercely. ''There's enough that's weary and sad; enough that's ready to go, but not my mau, my mau !:- Her grief was heartrending and over whelming. In vain Olive tried to feooth her and Mre. Peters entreat her to be still. At last, however, she once more fixed her sunken eyes on Nell. 'Ye were with him when he died ? What were his last words ?' she asked. ' He said ? ' began Nell falteringly and then her own eyes filled with tears. ' What did he say ?' 'He — he spoke of his son; he said — 'The little lad ; the poor little lad,' answered Nell with emotion. The woman listened and a strange change crept over her haggard face. ' He said ' the little lad ; the poor little lad,' ' she murmured almost below her breath ; 'and I — I have never thought of the bairn !' 'Where is he? \Vhere is Jack?' asked Nell with quick instinct, turning to Mrs. Petere. 'Let me bring the child to its mother.' 'The puir laddie's lying down in the inner room,' answered Mrs. Peters. ' He's ailing ; he grieved sair about his father, too.' Without another word Nell went into the inner room and on a little bed lay the deformed child, looking very sickly and ilL 'Jack, come with me to your mother, saia Nell, going up to the bed and lifting VnYn up ; 'you must try to comfort your poor mother, Jack.' 'She takes na heed o' me,' answered the boy, ' since father's dead.' ' But you must love her more to make up for the loss of your poor father, Jack — he died thinking of you— his last words were of you.' Jack fixed his large serious eyes on Nell's face, as if trying to understand her meaning, but he got up, and Nell, after putting a shawl round him, led him to where his mother now sat rocking herself to and fro with her apron thown over her face. ' Here is jrour little boy, Mrs. Martin,' said Nell ; 'you must be both father and mother to hiin now, you know.' Mrs. Martin thrust her apron aside and caught the boy at her breast. ' My bairn ! niy bairn !' she cried; 'my poor fatherless bairn !' And suddenly the liard dry eyes filled with tears and the woman fell sobbing on her knees by the child and laid her head on his neck. 'My lad, my lad, my poor little lad,' she kept niunnuring ; and then after a while she lifted him in her arms and carried him back to bed. 'I must mind him, 'she said, and so bore him away, and when they followed her she was placing him in bed and shaking bis pillow. ' Give him some of the jelly arid fruit we have brought, Mrs. Martin,' said Olive; and Mrs. Martin did so. They left her sitting by the boy's bedside ; but before they quitted the lodge Mrs. Peters drew them into another room, where the dead keeper lay in the strange grand dignity of death. The man had a fine rugged face, brown bearded, and with a certain nobleness of ex pression, which had deepened in his unbroken sleep. Nell stood looking at him in silent awe, and then, still silently, placed the white cross she had brought erect immediately above his head. 'That will please her, miss,' said Mrs. Peters. 'She thinks naught's too gude for him.' Neither Nell uor Olive spoke. They stood a few moments, gave one last look at the dead man, and then turned noiselessly away. The sight had impressed them both, and they were very quiet and subdued as they returned to thehalL And when they arrived there they met Mr. Seton, looking anything but pleased. 'Here's a note from (roafrev.' hfi said. 'He'6 sent a lad over with it from Colonel Hayward's to say he cannot go to- night to dine at Lilbank as he's promised to stay and dine at the Hayward's. I think it is very shabby behavior of him when the party was just made up by theFenwickes for that Indian widow friend of bis.' Olive said nothing. She grew pale and after a moment or two quietly left the room. 'You see Olive's quite vexed about it,' con tinued Mr. Seton ; ''it's too bad of Godfrey.' 'Perhaps his young friend is worae,' said NelL 'Don't believe that's his motive; my opinion is that the Indian widow, Mrs. Fan shawe, is an old flame of hia and I suppose he's tired of her. Not a bad looking woman, though, was she ?' ' I did not like her face much.' ' Nor I for that matter ; but all the same she is good looking. I fear Master Godfrey has been a bad boy and made love to her some time or other.' And Mr. Seton laughed. This speech somehow jarred on Nell's ears, but she naturally did not show this. She told Mr. Seton about their visit to the lodge and in a moment he was all kindly sympathy. 'I am glad you both went,' he said. 'Poor woman, she has had a terrible blow.' 'She seemed quite in despair at first.' 'So she is; I am going to attend poor Martin's funeral to-morrow and after that we must see what we can do for her.' He made no allusion to Nell's evidence at the coroners inquest during this interview; indeed seemed to have forgotten it, but he had not. He liked Nell, however, too well to risk any quarrel with her and Nell felt grateful to Viim for his forbearance. Olive did not return to them for nearly an hour and Mr. Seton stayed with Nell and chatted pleasantly all the while. When Olive did come back she was very pale, but still said nothing about Godfrey having disappointed them. She poured out afternoon tea for her father and then again asked Nell if she would not go with them to Lilbank. 'I should really rather not go,' answered NelL 'You must do as you like, of course: but it will be so dull for you dining alone,' said Olive. ' If you don't mind,' replied NelL smiling, 'should rather not dine. I should rather have high tea and I am sure Mrs. A very will give me something substantial to it.' 'You shall have whatever you like,' said Olive, with a little laugh and Mr. Seton also laughed. ' What a funny girl you are,' he said, look ing at her good- naturedly. 'You won't go to a grand dinner at Lilbank, for the Fen wiokeado give really good dinners, and you won't have dinner at home. However, order what you like and at least don't starve. ' I do not think I could manage that in this house,' answered Nell pleasantly, and then Mr. Seton retired to have a smoke before he dressed for dinner and after a while Olive went to her own room for the 6ame purpose. And when the time arrived for them to start on their drive to Lilbank she came down stairs looking very pretty. She was dressed in pale blue silk trimmed with cream lace, and it became her lovely complexion admirably, and Mr. Seton looked at her with fond pride. 'Well, you are a swell, my little girl,' he said. ' I think,' he added, turning to Nell with a laugh,, ' she wants to show Godfrey's Indian sweetheart that there is nothing like the English lilies and roses after alL' 'Why do you call that lady Godfrey's Indian sweetheart, father?' asked Olive quickly, and the roses deepened on her smooth cheeks. 'I thought she seemed to wish to take possession of him,' answered Mr. Seton; 'and my opinion is that Godfrey is showing the white feather in not going with us to-day. But come along, Olive, we haven't over much time, and mind you take care of yourself, Miss Fraser, until we come back.' He nodded and drew Olive's arm through his and led her to the carriage, and Nell Fraser was alone. She rose somewhat rest lessly after they were gone and went to one of the windows of the room and stood there look ing out at the waving trees, and .as she did so she sighed She was thinking of Godfrey Seton and wondering if there was any truth in Mr. Seton's light words about the Indian widow. _ ' But what is it to niet' she reflected, ' it is nothing to me,' and again she sighed. Then she took up a novel and tried to read, but still her thoughts stole away. She could not concentrate them on her book ; they went wandering back always to the old theme. Then the 'high tea' she had asked for appeared and Nell sat down to her solitary meal. After this was oyer she again went to the window, and then tying her hankerchief under her chin she went out into the grounds. It was about 8 o'clock now and on the luminous western sky a grey bank of dark clouds lay, with feathery cloudlets sailing from the mass. Nell looked upwards dreamingly and the poetic instincts of her soul soared as she stood watching the drifting vapors. The up-yonder seemed so wondrous ; the mysteries here more wondrous still. The vague longings — the creators of faiths — swept over her as they have swept over thousands and untold thousands of restless hearts. ' If we only knew more ; only more 1' she murmured half aloud, still looking at the sky. But suddenly her face flushed and her heart beat fast. A sort of thrill crept over her and the next moment she heard a footstep on the grass. She knew almost before she saw him that Godfrey Seton was approaching her. And when she did see him a strange agitation and nervousness seemed to seize her. But Godfrey came forward smilingly and took off bis cap. 'Are you surprised to see me?' he said. 'Yes, I am rather,' answered Nell, with downcast eyes. 'Well, to tell the truth, I went away only because I intended to come back. I wished to see you — when the others were away.' Nell did not speak ; her breath came short ; her heart beat faster. 'I am going to ask you something,' con tinued Godfrey, with his eyes fixed on her changing face ; 'and you must not think me too bold.' 'Oh, no,' said Nell, still without looking up. 'Can you guess what that something is ?' Nell's lips moved, but no word came forth. 'It is this,' said Godfrey. . 'Among the vague theories that from time to time have passed through my brain is one that in you I believe to be realised. You have heard of twin souls, have you not ; souls bora with strange ties to each other, strange affinities ?' Still Nell was silent. ' When I saw you I seemed to have found mine,' went on Godfrey; ' I seemed to under stand your thoughts and I know you under stand mine. You discovered what I have told no one, that I have written more than one book ; and you know now, Nell, what I feel to you — tell me if this not so ?' He bent forward and took her hand as he spoke and drew it gently through his arm. 'Tell me, 'he said, bending Ins goodlook inpr face nearer to hers, ' if you do not know that I love you ; if you do not know that I have come back to-night to ask you for your love ?' ' Oh, no, no, Major Seton, ?fou must not say that !' answered Nell in a half -frightened tone. 'I — I am your friend — I wish always to be your friend — but we must not think of anv thing else.' 'But why?' 'There are reasons, many reasons ? ' ' But you do not dislike me ?' interrupted Godfrey as Nell paused and hesitated 'Indeed, I do not,' answered Neil earnestly. 'Hike you better — well, I will tell you the iruirii — utJbwsi. viiu-ii. i*u^uiic j. uavt; ever Known. I — I feel, too, that you understand me and that I partly, at least, understand your thoughts. But for all that ? ' ' What are the reasons that part us, Nell?' 'Something,' said Nell and she put a trembliner hand over her face; 'something that we cannot get over. It is wicked even, I suppose, for me to like to hear you say that you care for me ; but for all that I do like to hear it and to : think it, too. Major Seton,' and she looked straight up with her grey eyes into his face, 'will you trust me? I will be a true friend to you always; the truest friend a man ever had — more I cannot be — but I will be that.' She put her hand into his and stood there, looking at him with her steadfast eyes and as she did so Godfrey Seton seemed to read her soul. ' It is something real and great then,' he said, in a low tone of pain; 'something that we cannot get over ?' ' Yes,' answered NelL with quivering lips. ' But how can that be ?' went on Godfrey, still looking on her face and holding her hand fast in his. ' ' You a young girl — pure and in nocent — what past can you have to part us ?' ' Yet I have one,' said Nell ; 'a past not disgraceful ; not shameful, yet one that parts me from you. I could trust you — but ? 'Trust me and you will find me not un worthy of your trust.' 'I know that ; I am sure of it — and yet ? ' ' Nell, trust me !' Nell paused and hesitated. 'If — if you really like me,' she said, 'it is but right that you should know.' ' I do really like you, Nell ; I like you as a man likes one woman in his life. I came back to-night to ask you to be my wife and to tell you also of a great folly — nay, worse than folly — of my own. ' You mean ? ' ' Never mind just now what I mean ; I want to hear your story first and to know if the reason you speak of is as real to me as it seems to you.' ' It is real, but to-night let it rest ; I will tell you — yes, I promise— but to-night, oh 1 let us not talk of anything painful or sad 1' ' Very well ; let us be happy to-night and leave the ghosts of the past behind us. Tell me what were you thinking of, NelL when I came back and startled you V Nell looked up half smilingly in his face. 'I can scarcely tell,' she said; 'I was watching the drifting' clouds; all sorte of vague fancies were passing through my mind.' 'And through mine, too, as I rode back. Nell, how like we are — only^ ? ' ' Do not speak of any difference between ub. But let us go down to the waterfall ; there is still light enough for that.' So the two went together and stood watch ing the water falling, falling on its ceaseless flight. Ajad presently the stars came out one by one and shone down on the darkening world. ' Which is ours ?' said Godfrey, looking up at the luminous sky, ' the star where we lived together lone ago ? Nell sighfed Boftly. 'It looks very peaceful up there,' she answered wistfully, 'far away1 from the troubles and worries here.' (To be continued.) 