AN UNKNOWN ACTOR. I was very .young aud fresh from Cam bridge, full of that keen knowledge of tho wurld which one acquires at a University. 1 hsd obtaiuod an undefined position on tho staff of tbo " Dram»tio Hegenorator." " Any thing original wo will consider," tho Chief said when accepting my honorary sorvices. ' Any- tiling very original wo may print, anytmng strikingly original wo might pay for." I found the original idea on a tramcar. Smith— Silvanus Smith— inspired mc. I saw him walking down Upper-street, shabby and disconsolate, and then tho brilliant thought struck me — hero wan copy ! Why not interview him ? Irving nnd Hare aud Alexander aro interviewed, why not Smith ? I descended from tbe cur and followed my subject at a discreet distanco, I had known Smith by igbt for yearn, I had seen him leading conspiratorn to their doom' iu seedy dress trousers, and had watched him portray a taciturn millionaire from Cadiz iu those socdv black trousers ; an a ailont hut well-moaning brigand, as a rollicking villager, and iu a host of other speechless parts I had scon him at many London theatres. Ho turned to tho left in Koscbery-avenue. I followed - him into a many-storeyed house, up innumerable stairs, aud as ho entered hid room on tlio top Hoor 1 called to him, " Mr. SmitU," " Yes," said lie. " Could I ask you a fow questions ?" I queried, producing my noto book. "Board Sohool," I hoard him mutter in a etago aside, "No, not the Board School," I answered. " I am here ou behalf of the ." Dramatic Itegoncrator " to interview you ; tho British public want to know more about their ' un known celebrities. ' will you help me to gratify their dosiro ?" " Well, 1 don't sooas I 'av any. objection, sit down," said Smith as ho motioned me to tako a scat upon the bed. . I took a glance round tbe room, the furniture was severe in its simplic ity — a strip of antique linoleum, a mediaeval Windsor chair, an unreliable table, tho bed, mid u cradle boing tho principal articles of vcrtu. " How lung hare you been nn actor, Mr. Smith ?" 1 interrogated, poucil and uatebook iu hand. " About thirty-five years, ou and off." " And what theatres have you played in ?" . " All of 'cm, from the Brit at 'Oxton to the Court Theatre, Chelsea." " Yau mast have played a good many parts, Mr. Sinitli ?" " 'Uuilrc'ts. .Romans and countrymen with- Wilson Barrett, conspirators and citizens with Irving, anil pi-nsunts and swclla with Sir 'Ariss. But, bless you, what 1 '&vs; wanted ail my life is a part, I mean a part with words, but 1 nover bad a fair chance except once, and that waa when I wus at the Lyceum playing tho first un speakable part iu ' Faust ' nnd understudying tlm man who said ' Drink ' in the Nuremburg scene. "Weil, I played that nnd apoke the part, and 1 may say made a 'it, but did it do mo any gaud ? — No ; only roused a lot of onvy and malice amongst the others, jealousy is the ourse of tho profession, Kir, they can't bear to see a man get ou " . " Now, what do you think of tho young actor of tho present day ?'' was my next question. "Young wlint !" he exclaimed with n laugh of derision " Now, I ask you, sir, is it acting ? I should liko to sue some of them young whip- peranuppci's in a toga or. a good stage light ; but thut aiu'c the voral of it ; they are elbowing us old actors out. Tako Mr. Alexander or Mr, Tree, YVhon thoy put on their sooieby dramas, do they send for me if they want a few guests to decorate the stage, do tbey send for me ? No, thoy get toffs ; if tbey want a Dook, well, tboy engage a real one, just as if a real Book could over look liko tlio genuine stage article. Bnt it cs n't last. The British public won't stand it. Those young chaps nro all right in a draw ing-room with a mantelpiece to lean against, give 'em a dross snot nnd a cigarette, and put a gurdenor in their button-boles and tbey pass muster, but put a broad sword in their 'and, an l armour on 'cm, and a 'elmet weighing eight pounds and n 'alf on their head, 'ow would thoy look, eli ?" " Foolish,' I replied, diplomatically, " That's it," snid the indignant Smith, " foolish," and Ira mopped his perspiring brow. " l)o you find tbe profession remunerative ?" war. tbo ucxt query 1 put to him. " Does it pay ?" " Well," answered lie, " it's all right when vou are in work, but 1 'avo been out a long timo aud so has the missus, but there, that's all right, uho linn gono to settle an engagsmont this morning with a manager nhe has beeu with off and ou for tbo last twenty years." As he was speaking the door of a little room openod, and a woman entered. Sho wasbreathless'with the exertion of climb ing tbo stairs. A weary, faded woman, of 4S or so, with hair a curious mixture of dingy gold and binok tmd grey. Although it was summer she was wearing n shabby fur-iinod cloak. Bhe seated herself quietly on an upturned box, atill punting for breath. " Well, is it all right, dearie ?" said her bus- band. " No, it isn't ; it isn't." Smith seemed thunderstruck. " Why, what do you mean ? You don't say that you aro uot going back ?" ..... " Yes, dear," slio answered, with infinite pathos, " that's what 1 meau. I am not going back." Bnt it's nonsense. "Why, you have been there for yours and yours." " Yes, that is why it is," she answered, with a little break in lior voice; " they say— they say that I am too old," Too old ?" " Yes, dear, too old "—she was trying to upoak calmly. " Iam too old, and they say I don't— I dou't look pretty enough,". The husband aud wife stared at eaeh othor in mnto dismay. Shi: tried to smile, then, woman like, began to woep iu a quiet, bopelesa fashion, tlin tears rolled down her wau cheeks and fell in largo drops upon her shabby cloak. Somehow I felt strangely out of place, and taking my hat and stick stole softly sway ; as I olosod tlio door I could bear Smith cross the room, and with tender,' loving words, try to comfort her. " Don't cry, Mary," I heard him say. " You are just as youug and pretty to me as you ovor were. We've kopt starvation a way for many years, and wo can do it still," bis voice rung oat strong aud dear. Wa oan' t," slid the woman, and her hope- iesq manner of speaking brought conviction to my listening- ears ; " thsy havo only kept me on out of charity." ' Charity said Smith, fiercely. _ " Yea, dear, zharity ; there are good-looking girls, and buys who aan play our parts rauoli better thau we can. There ia no room now for us. You are ill und out of date, and . I am old and thin and ugly. No, we most starve now. There is no place for tho likes of its." I am ashamed to say that I stood listening. I am more ashamed to describe'my conduct. I, the callous, cool, cynical man of the worid, took from my poaknt all my loose change, sovereigns nud silver and coppers, aud laid it in a little heap outside tbo door, then with my walking- stick I knocked' loudly, and bolted liko mad down tho cnrpotless stairs oat into the street. \ Foolish conduct, I. know, -and utterly an- i worthy of a newspaper men, bat, then, remem- bar I was very vonng.— " Sun." I THE GENERAL'S STORY. Wis I over ronlly frightened P Well, yes, though not in the Hold. I havo seen some bard lighting, aa you know, but I think tho gjfair I allude to was the closest sliavo 1 ovor ba J. 1 wss'studyiug law in Now York at too time. One day as I sat iu my office writing, the post, man brought uio a neatly-folded envelope bear- . ing my address. As I tore it open a faint odour of perfume tilled the room. Tho contents of, the letter, as near as I sen remember, wore ns follows I — _ Dear Friend;— Call this evening at eight o'clock. I (wish to see you on nume very pirtioitlar busiuens. Do not fail inn. M. A. 3. To say that I was much surprised at tho in vitation is a mild description of my feelings. I had known the writer only a fow waeks. As sho was wlist Dickons would rail u mature young lady, and 1 was a mere buy, our inter course liail naturally lieou very limited. What " particular business " .-lie wished to sea me about passed my comprehension. I thought of tbo matter all tho nfteruoon without coining lo any reasonable conclusion. However, 1 was young and tmrious, and nt the appointed time set out for tho place indicated iu tlio letter, and with n nervous band pulled the door-boll. After waiting for a few momeuls I hoard foot steps approaching. The door was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before mo; making a gesture to indicate silence. Reaching nut her hand riio led me through the trail to a small room which was enshrouded, 'as was the hall itself, in tho deepest darkness. In a whisper sho told mo why sho wished to consult me. " My sister," shesnid, " is about to run away to-night to get married. Father is bitterly opposed to the match ; ho is a very violent man, and keeps a pistol on his tabic boforo bioi iu the next room vowing to shoot my sister's lover if ho dares to enter tbe bouse. IVe think ho stia- pects_ that this _ is the night appointed for the marriage, and is prepared to execute his pur pose. Wo havo done all wo could to pacify bim, but in vain. lie is in a terrible rage." " But, my dear Miss Sandys," X said iu somo perturbation, " what has nil this to do with mc." " We may need your protection ; I told sister I fait sure wo could roly upon you." " You nro very complimentary. It sooms to mo, however, that in family mutters, a straugcr should not interfere." " Oh, wa don't consider you a stranger, Mr. Stanton ! I am suro you will not refuse to oblige us. Hnsh— I bear papa moving. Keep perfuctiy atill iu this room uutil I oall you." Thus sayiug sho noiselessly disappeared, leuving me to my own reflexions, which were riot, as may well tie supposed, very pleasing. . I could hear tbe heavy footsteps of the head of the family as bo paced unceasingly about the next room. I could liear the deep multur- ing of his wrath as he oalled down maledictions on the head of bis prospcctivo son-in-law. As tho timo passed his words became blended to gether, indicating that he had been drinkiog heavily, and once or twice he staggered viotont- ly against the door, almost breaking into the room in which I sit. " lie will certainly burst the door opon," I said to myself ; "be will mistake lira for Brown, aud before hu discovers his error I shall be slain, and then it'will Ira too lato far mo to prove my identity. 1 shall have died the death of a sup posed burglar." Several times - 1 made up my mind to step ont of the room and escapo ; but tho footsteps of tho infuriated father sounded dangerously near ; I was unacquainted with tbo bolts aud aud lock by wbicb the front door was fastened, aud did uot think it was possible to remove them without making uoiso enough to start my vigil- 1 ant neighbour ou my track. How long continued wrappod iu my own un comfortable reflections 1 do not know. II seamed to be an age I could almost hear my heart beat in ithe sombre stillue.ss of that dark room, but tbe "ceaseless tramp continued, and the bourn roiled ou until I was in drrquiir, and the copvictiou forced itself on my mind that 1 should never get out of that bouse, nlivc. At last f heard the rustling of a woman's dress near me. and tbo noise iu tho street of a pass ing carriage, whioli appeared to stop near. Then a femalo voice anid : — ' We are alt ready. Make no noise, and follow me." Silently, and as quick as possible, she led me to the ball door.where tbe younger Miss Sandys tremblingly stood. The bolts were drawn, the key was turned in the lock, nud in a second we wera.in the street, where Mr. Brown's carriage awaited us. For a man weighing two hundred and fifty pounds Browu displayed a wonderful amount of activity. Iu less than two seconds he had jump ed from his seat, kissed his prospective wife fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from the sidewalk and placed her on the scat beside him. Miss Sandys and I quiokly followed, and ne time waa lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity. Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be of a facetious turn of mind, introduced a new phase in tho elopement. Addressing himself pointed ly to mo, whose acquaintanceship he had jusl formed, he remarked :— "Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself are going to got married, and it is a good timn for you and May to follow suit. What do you think ol tbe idea i" " Ob, -Dick, don't !" giggled Mias Sandys, "We nevor dreamed of such a thing when wc started We only want to sea you and Sarah safely through. Isn't that all, Mr, Stanton ?" sbo coquet! ishly added. Here was a predicament far a bashful boy of l'J ! How could I affrout the youug lady by refusing tier band ? And yet I fait I could not many ber ; better the revolver from whioh I hail just escaped than that ! Fortunately for me, Brown did all' the talking and now ceased urging the matter until the carriage stopped at the minister's residence, whero we all alighted. Just before wc ascend ed the sto|n lie turned around and delivered hi: parting admonition " Now as soou as the minister completes tlx ceremonies in our case, you aud May cum step forward and take our places, and in a few mo ments you will both be made happy for lifo. Don't he afraid ; it will be all right !" I supposo the man was joking ; he saw mj trepidation, and wished to havo a little fun at my expense. But to mo tbe matter was a grim reality. I have never been sentouced to capital punishment, but I know 1 experienced, while uscending those stops, the exact seusntions of a man who is about to momit the scaffold, and sees, for tho first time, tho rope by which he is to bo executed, 1 remember how my limb; trembled, and feel convinced I looked as white as ghosts aro said to look, although I have never seen one. Side by side Mias May and 1 followed Brown ami his prospective bride to the minister's study. The solemn words wero pronounced whioh nnitod them for ever, and ere they were ended I made up my mind to escape before it was too late. The door boing left open I retreated in haste without the formality of a farewell, and never atoppod running uutil I reacbed my owu door. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight 1 do not know, as 1 never saw her afterwards ; neither can I divine her motive in placing one who was almost a stranger to her in such a try ing position, - Yes, I plead miilty to having made a cowardly retreat at Toast once in my life ; nnd yet— would any of you havo been braver ? 