LITERARY AND THEATRI CAL GOSSIP. , [From our Special Correspondent.], , London, April 26, 1805. Mr. G. W. Anson has the leading male part in Mr. G. W. Godfrey's comedy, 'Vanity Fair,' due at the Court Theatre to-morrow. Mrs. John Wood returns to her old house to play a middle-aged lady with pronounced ideas concerning the rights of her sex, and Arthur Cecil is also in the cast. Business has tallen oft in the better parts oi the St. James's Theatre to nothing since Oscar Wildes arrest, and the last night6 of the 'Importance of Being Earnest' are ^ con- sequently announced. H. A. Jones's 'The Triumph of the Philistines;' will take its place on May 11. 'Delia Harding,' at the Comedy Theatre, calls for no detailed description, as it is a failure unworthy alike of Sardou's genius and Marion Terry's exquisite art. The plot turns on the hopelessly improbable sacrifice of the heroine, who to save her brother from im prisonment for shooting a rascally gambler swears away her own character, declaring it was whilst he was coming out of her bedroom her brother winged the wretch. Presently, when she loves a young baronet, this idiotic untruth rises up in judgment against her, and threatens to ruin her life.. The brother 'she saved is dead, and the villain wants her for himself.: Delia pours out a glass of 'cold pison' to end all, but the villain kindly drinks it by accident, and also clears her character. The piece is shopking stuff. George R. Sims and Cecil Raleigh have brought back old times to the Strand. In place of Scandinavian drama we have now a rollicking farce. It is all f up from beginning to end is ?' Fanny.' Starting with ready-made compli cations, the business of the piece is to- clear_ up a mystery instead of to make one. The piece is called 'Fanny' after a young person who does not appear, having ended her mortal career six months prior to the lifting of the curtain. Her sister Flo, however, is mas querading as 'Fanny' for the purpose of drawing an allowance made to the departed by Professor Bixley — per his friend Captain O'Brien. Fanny was a bar maid, who married the professor but separated from him when a doubt arose as to whether her first husband was really dead. The captain who pays the allowance has never seen Fanny, and the professor is equally ignorant of the person of sister Flo. You ca.n imagine the upshot when they all meet, the professor having in the meantime married again. When poor Bixley hears from O'Brien that his first wife still exists and has turned up, his embarrassment takes an incongruously serious turn. But the comic element speedily supervenes and the piece bustles merrily along once more. 'Fanny,' of course, is bowled out in the end, but not before she has afforded us a good two hours' pure amusement. Mr. Arthur Law's new farce, with which Mr. Weedon Grossmith has commenced his managerial career at the Vaudeville_ is an olla podrida of funny ideas. To appreciate ' The Ladies' Idol ' one has to see it, for to adequately describe the adventures of the comic singer, who is Joseph Wex at home and Lionel Delamere in society, mixed up with the search for a missing baby and the pursuit of a disap pearing bracelet, and sundry other matters brought into the jumble, is an impossibility. The piece serves its purpose well — that is to say, ' The Ladies' Idol' amuses the audience and brings together full houses. Mr. Gros smith plays Delamere, the ladies' idol. He has made his name and fame by singing comic songs ? ' with a pathetic touch. ''' For the purposes of his business he has to pretend to be a bachelor, otherwise he would not be run after, and his wife, who is helping to make a fortune for the baby by skirt dancing, pretends to bn a single lady, a deception which encourages many admirers, whose different methods of paying her court make many laughable scenes. The little misunderstandings arising from the deceptions of Delamere and his wife, however, are better imagined than described. The piece will un doubtedly be picked up by one or other of the Australian entrepreneurs before many days are gone by. Mr. J. Maclaren Cobban's ' Avenger of Blood' is a fair sample of it? sort, i.e., the sensational story written for newspaper, pur poses. A young Moor, whose father has been treacherously imprisoned by an infamous potentate, yclept the Basha-Ben-Aiida, follows the latter to London, when he is made Ambas sador to the Court of St. James, and by various devices frightens him out of his wits. The first idea of Mohammed, as he is called, is to kill the Basha, but after a careful study of British methods he decides that it will be at once more civilised and more effective to make his life utterly miserable. Ultimately Ben Aiida's own dishonest cupidity delivers him into Mohammed's hands, and, after some excit ing captures and escapes, the Basha is irre trievably disgraced, and the young man and his father regain the Sultan's favor. A new novelist of the school of Stanley Weyman has arisen, who promises to take a leading place amongst present-day historical romancists. This is Mr. S. Levett Yeats, and his story is called ' The Honor of Savelli.'' I have no hesitation in pronouncing this book quite equal to either 'Lady Rotha'or 'Under the Red Robe,' and can recommend it strongly to all who enjoy a stirring, well-constructed, well-told tale. The hero, Savelli, is an Italian soldier of fortune in the sixteenth century, and the first chapter shows him the victim of a shameful conspiracy, which deprives him at a blow of honor, knighthood, and fortune. He could save himself at the expense of a lady friend's good name, but, sup ported by a glance, of approbation from the famous Chevalier Bayard, who happens to look on at the trial, he declines. This seems to the reader ultra-chivalrous, as the duchess and he were perfectly innocently engaged. However Savelli 16 utterly ruined, and changing his name makes his way through many adventures to Florence, where just as he appears likely to starve a ready sword enables him to preserve the life of Machiavclli. The great man takes up Donati (as he now calls himself) and sends him on an important mission to Rome. Therehe temporarily joins the household of Cardinal D'Amboise, and again meets the great Bayard. A conspiracy to dethrone the Borgias is afoot, and needless to say our hero ? throws himself into it con amorc This portion of the story will be found absorbingly interesting, as vivid pictures are given of Alexander Borgia, the wicked Pope, of his still more infamous son Cesare, and of the notorious Lucrezia. The description of Alexander's awful death from a wound deliberately poisoned by a mock doctor, a poor man whose daughter the holy father liad ruined, has seldom been equalled, for ghastly power, in historical fiction. But, as I began by saying1, the book altogether is out of the ordinary, and if Mr. Yeats continues to write up to its level of ex cellence he has a brilliant future before him. Those who missed ' A Drama in Dutch ' in the 2-volume form may like to make its acquaintance in a cheaper edition. The scene is laid in the Dutch colony in London, and the story has to do with the rivalry of a father with his unknown son. Peter van Eijk is a struggling tradesman, with a young wife and child, to whom he is passionately devoted. He goes over to Holland to arrange the details of a new business, and when he returns his wife and child have disappeared. The little woman whom he believed devoted to him was in reality a selfish, luxury-loving cat, and has run away with a well-to-do city clerk. The blow well nigh kills Peter, and for twenty years he hardly looks at a woman. Then the daughter of his dearest friends begins to grow into his heart, and he recovers the joy of living. The girl likes him, and but for his in explicable hesitancy to propose he might have been married to her a year before the crisis occurs: Tliis comes with the arrival of a young man, the boy for whom Peter's heart is always yearning. Father and son do not meet or know one another, but both love Etta Griendt. The girl's parents are on Peter's side, but her he*rt is on 3'oung Martin's, and when Peter recog nises this fact he gives way. ' Are you sure you love this young man, this Martin '{' * ' Yes, Peter, I love him !' He let go her hand and pressed his beating temples, fearing he would go mad. Once more there flashed be fore him his bleak desolate life full of unsatis fied yearnings and relieved but by few oases. Etta loved another. What right had he to stand in the way of her happiness? Twenty one years before his life had been- wrecked and held by fate in an iron grip, while the endless years of a lifetime stretched before him. 'Yes, Etta,' he said, 'I will help you.' Peter makes money matters all right for the young couple, little guessing his successful rival is the lost son he so longs for. One expects a denouement every moment to wards the end, as Martin is just like his mother, and if Peter saw the lad he would probably recognise him. But he carefully avoids him. At the last, just as he has left all that makes life worth living, and is standing on the deck of an outward-bound steamer in mental, moral, and physical darkness, Peter lights a cigar. ' After you with that match, sir,' says a young voice, which seems to have a familiar sound. Too depressed to feel much curiosity, Van Eijk nevertheless looks round, and as he does so the match flickers out. He can consequently merely discern a man's form. So father and son remain strangers in this world, and never guess how close they have been to discovering one another. Francis Thompson, one of the 'little blue bardlets,' whose discovery the world owes to Mr. John Lane, is about to bless us with a new volume of verse, entitled ' Songs Wing to Wing: an Offering to Two Sisters.' It contains a single poem running to something under a hundred pages, and will be got up uniformly with the same author's book pub lished in 1893. Since July, 1862, when the Dickens novels passed into Chapman & Hall's possession, that firm have sold in Great Britain in various forms 700,000 copies of ' Pickwick.' This of course takes no count of the scores of cheap editions published by other firms since the .copyright uneecL One way and another Ieb(«4d thmk quite a million 'Pickwicks' have been dis^ persed in these isles. ,'',., „ o A New Zealander,- who found the ' Sermons of Gourageand Cheer/' by Dr. Brooke Her ford, published by Green, Essex Hall, Essex street, Strand,- which I recommended you & year ago, of the utmost help and encourage ment, asks me if I can name another volume of the sort equally suitable for the family circle. ' It ^ .not easy. The majority of such collections of pulpit utterances are either painfully dog matic and doctrinal or tiresomeJy common place or Deriilexino-lv nrnfnund. I did, how ever, by chuuee come upon some remarkable . sermons the other day, though whether the book is easily obtainable now I am not sure It is called simply ' Sermons bv the Rev. Stop ford Brooke,' and was published in 1867 by Sinipkin Marshall, when it ran through several editions. This was «f course before Stopford Brooke left the church, but the ser mons are not in the least doctrinal, in fact any and every description of Christian ought to tind them helpful. I do not, to be candid, like Mx. Brooke s later manner or matter half so well as these earlier and simpler discourses. London,'May 3, 1895. The lady who has attained such popularity of late years in middle-class Scotland as Annie S. Swan is now the wife of Dr. Burnett Smith, a London medico. She was brought up in Midlothian, about twelve miles from Edin burgh, and most of her youthful acquaintances and surroundings figure in her books. Michael Maitland in ' Maitland of Laurieston' is ad mittedly her father, and her mother was lovingly limned as the Mistress of Lintlaw in 'Carlowrie.' Miss Swan's literary career commenced very unluckily. ? She fell into the hands of the Charing Cross Publishing Com pany, a notorious firm, whoBe methods of prey ing on the budding author were ultimately expjosed in Trutlu They took her story 'Ups and Downs' on the half -profits system, with the result that her grim and rather tight-fisted parent had to pay up £45. Naturally he thereafter viewed his daughter's literary labors with disfavor and advised her to devote her energies wholly to domestic matters. Fortunately the girl's second effort, the popular 'Aldersyde,' was brought out by reputable people, and its instant success assured her future. Miss Swan, or rather Mrs. Burnett Smith, has now been writing seventeen years, yet is still quite a, young woman. 'Sliiela ' she thinks her best! book. It was written at Aumtree, in the Highlands, and is perfectly true to life. Over 'The Lost Ideal' the author expended in finite pains, but it had not a quarter of the success of ' Homespun,' a short story knocked off during a summer holiday, of which 50,000 copies have been sold. In an interview with Mrs. Hodgson Burnett in the May Young Woman the genesis of ' Little Lord Fauntleroy' is related in rather fuller detail than we have seen it before. _ It seems that whilst Mrs. Burnett was recovering from an illness her son Vivian's quaint childish chatter with Mammy Prissy, the household's black cook, and other servants and visitors amused her even more than usuaL She took to musing how he would comport himself in the society of a Conservative English noble man. Then she thought, ' PU write a story about him. I'll put him in quite a new world and see what he'll do.' 'How,' she reasoned, 'shall I bring a small American boy into close relationship with an English noble man — irascible, Conservative, disagreeable. He must live with him, talk to him, show him his small unconscious Republican mind.' Then came the idea of a son of a younger son separated from his father because he had married a poor American beauty. The inter mediate heirs must die out and the boy of the mesalliance come into the title. Then Mrs. Burnett decided that Vivian should be he — Vivian with his curls and his eyes and his friendly little soul. He should be little lord something or another, and finally it was Little Lord Fauntleroy. An old black aunty's esti mate of the young original deserves quotation. ' Dat chile,' she said, ' he suttanly ain't like no other chile. 'Taint jest that he's smart — smart as they make 'em. It's sump'n else. An' he's the f ren'liest little human I ever seed, he suttanly is.' Mrs. Burnett wrote ' Little Lord Fauntle roy' in six weeks. It took the civilised world by storm, remaining to this day the most popular book of its school, save perhaps 'Little Women.' Mr. Vivian Burnett, now a young man of 18 at Harvard, has as the original of the little lord en dured lionising to an unendurable extent. In England such a position would have been trying. In America it amounted almost to persecution. People write to him for his autograph, pester him with idiotic questions, and introduce him to their friends as Lord Fauntleroy. No wonder the poor boy groans at the very mention of his prototype. Lady Gwendolen Cecil, whose ghost story in a recent number of Blackwood excited approv ing comment, is the author of the clever but . ? grim satire entitled ' The Curse of Intellect,' recently published by the Edinburgh firm. Lord Salisbury's youngest daughter has evi dently inherited her full share of the family brains. All the worst faults as well as the brassy brilliance of the National Observer under W. E. Henley are now to be ' found in the New Revieic. Fortunately, however, we are only called upon to read the latter once a month. In the April Jnumber, you may remember, a superior young man disposed to Ins own satisfac tion of Ian Maclaren and S. R. Crockett. In the May issue Mr. Vernon Blackburn bludgeons William Watson, John Davidson, E.. Le Galhenne, Norman Gale, and others. For no contemporary minor poet has he indeed a word of sincere praise save Mr. Francis Thompson, an obscure Bodley Head bardlet, whom few ? outside a tiny ring of specialists know any thing about. Mr. Blackburn's style is 'fine and large ;' one cannot say a word against his manner. But his matter consists of destruc tive hyper- criticism and cheap sneers. To find too much fault with Davidson and Wat son would be to give himself away. Yet it is plain that in neither can his blind eyes see ? virtue. Le Gallienne, Mr. Blackburn flatters himself, he can 'dispose of in three lines.' Well, I do not myself think great things of this writers verse. But it is honest work that thousands understand and enjoy. Can as much, I wonder, be said of the lucubrations of the Henley-cum-Whibley gang? 'The Vengeance of James Vansittart' relates the punishment which overtakes Diana Charteris when to lift her family out of a slough of money troubles she marries Maurice - Vansittart, a moral and physical weakling', but the heir of a millionaire. Hardly is this sacrifice consummated than through a com bination of circumstances it would spoil the story to' .indica^':-j^urice;.:fiiidB himself a beggar, anbVJDiana discovers that she has been defrauded- The biow falls specially heavily as the girl loved a man now rich who could have done for her relatives all the wretched Maurice promised to do, and made her happy into the bargain. For tunately Diana's moral fibre is really fine and she makes a gallant and successful effort to do her duty by her husband. How it is rewarded I leave you to discover. A new novel entitled 'Old Mr. Tredgold,' by Mrs. Oliphant, commences in the June Lonpjnan's, and the same month will see the beginning of Rhoda Brough ton's 'Scylla or Charybdis ' in Temple Bar. In the May Young Man I note an interest ing article on Mr. Quintin Hogg's magnificent philanthropic, religious, and educational work at the Polytechnic. On the books of this in stitution there are now 15,000 members and students, and it is almost as difficult to secure entrance to some of its clubs within a club as to be put down for the Traveller's or the Badminton. At present 3,500 young fellows are attending the afternoon and evening classes, 500 of which are held between Monday and Saturday. Mr. Hogg, who was an Eton boy himself, believes intensely in the moral influences of games and athletics. As he very truly says, 'a fellow who keeps him in good training for .athletic exercises cannot be morally bad. That is what I want to get people to see.' The , Polytechnic has always ' been worked on this principle, neither religious nor educational matters being permitted to usurp the proper periods for physical exercise. The Young Man also contains a very fail article on Ibsen by W. J. Dawson, and some observations on sensational preaching by Dr. Parker, which are more pertinent than most) of that fearful Philistine's deliverances. The manuscript of White's 'Natural His tory of Selborne' was sold for £294 at Sotheby's 'last Friday, when a fair set of the four folios of Shakespeare fetched £446, the third, which is the rarest and was a fine copy, realising £280. A first edition of ' Robinson Crusoe' (all three parts) was knocked down for £72, the Tennyson 'Poems of Two Brothers' £15, 'Vicar of Wakefield' (first edition) £56, and Milton's 'Poems' (first edition) £42. Forthcoming books include a novel by_ the Hon. Mrs. Henniker (sister of the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland); 'Othello's Occupation,' by Mary Anderson (not Mrs. Navarro); 'The Heart of Life,' by W. H. Mallock ; Hollingshead's 'M- Lifetime;' and 'The Convict Ship.'' by Clark RusselL ' 