;?4RLIAMENnM NOTES. A After the usual recess the Assembly are gained its, duties yesterday. Twenty members were present. The earlier part of the sitting was very tame, and was made up of answering questions and considering the reports of one or two "(Committees of the whole" upon the Bids. To this succeeded the consideration of the Married Women's Property Bill. Little or no progress was made with it, however, an My James found fault with the measure for not providing means to compel a woman to pay for her debts out of her income. He wished to move , a new clause to effect this desirable object, and progress was consequently reported. ?" The result of the select committee's consider ration of the Rocky Bay rubbÜBh-fjuestion was embodied in a resolution for communication " In the Legislative Council. After this the Goldfields Bill was to have been taken, butterfat Attorney- General moved its postponement, and despite the very vigorous "Ko" of Mr. Moran it was agreed to. Then the estimates were taken, and Mr Leake opened the debate. To the general principle pervading them he gave his assent. He'daimed for the Opposition the credit of " suggesting the expenditure of the surplus on public works, and assorted that led the House known what the Budget proposals in detail would be, at the time the question, of the tariff was before them recently, they would have found less difficulty in liberalising the tariff. Regarding the increase in salaries he was anxious to see a fixed salary attached to each office, and the suitable officer appointed, instead of having .. Minister s .bfflçieged by appli . stations (in increases. The hon. members started a theory which will not find favour, with the lower grades of loggers, namely, that the junior clerks were fairly remunerated,') whereas those of longer say twenty years wir servia were, comparatively 8pe9kirg"ua underpaid. He said it was not his intention at the present time to criticise the increases in detail, but there were two or three items to which he wished to refer. '-The hospital gestion was one upon which he desired information, in connection with the proposed reorganisation of the Colonial v Hospital in accordance with the Act of last A session. The police bad not been increased to the extent he had anticipated, and it was evident that the member for Albany desires more inspectors and sub- inspectors.. He approved of the proposed ii 100 a year increase to the Commissioner's salary of £600 and he wished to see a system of exchange he tween this colony and Adelaide and Melbourne introduced into the detective branches, for the protection of property against the spieler and adventurer. Another matter to which the speaker referred was the management of gaols, and the promise of the Attorney-General last session that the question of prison discipline and remission of sentences should be looked into. This apparently had not been done, he said, and as one of the results a man who had been in prison under a death sentence, commuted to life, or 20 years, had been released after serving seven or eight years. \--- Other matters were referred to by Mr. Leake. He spoke in disparagement of the field day and State ceremonial item in the Defences vote, and criticised the Agricultural Bank as an institution which had not the ghost of a chance of paying its way, as it had, he said, post 2871 to lend £112. It was an institution which would have to be swept away, but the present was not, he admitted, the time for it to be done. After advocating the substitution of the stamp system for the present system of collecting fees, Mr. Leake referred in terms of approval to the principle of separating the Railways from the Works Department. Then dealing with the works and buildings vote, If complained that while Perth and Fremantle were amply provided for a scant share was given to Albany. " It do less' c deserve more," inter j ted a member. Mr. Leake supposed it did not for sending such a member as it had. After dealing with various matters of minor interest, he advocated the necessity of post office reform, and asserted that the telegraph operators were dealt with in a niggardly spirit, considering the long hours they had to work and the professional skill demanded of them. A curious episode occurred at the conclusion of Mr. Leake's speech. Whether it was that its generally congratulatory tone was such a surprise to members as to deprive them of ready utterance, or that speeches on the estimates require to be punctuated with reverential intervals of eve minutes whether it was due to either of these, or to any other cause, cannot be definitely conjectured. Certain it is, however, that Mr. Leake's speech. was followed by a wait. The Chairman of Committees looked round the committee. No one seemed wishful to speak, and Mr. Traylen put the first vote "His Excellency tbe<Goveimor, Jäl^46.">ü)ne or two members dubiously said aye," no- body said " no," and then as the Chairman, declared that the ayes had it, Mr. Illingworth was to be seen following a practice the hon member rather affects of standing up either at the last moment or-of the -seeming Hiberniamsm may be allowed after, ready primed to speak. For a moment the committee appeared impaled on the horns of a dilemma. The vote had been taken, and yet Mr. Illingworth wanted to speak. The thIS eil ty was removed by allowing Mr. Illing- worth to reopen the debate after it was closed and the vote taken. The member for Nannine then spoke. He appeared to approve generally of the increases, as he congratulated the Government upon being able to check a tendency.io_go in for large expenditure. The hon. member then proceeded to scorn details and deal with principles. The Government were blamed for not being able to more accurately gauge the receipts last year. On the question of taxation through the Customs, it was pointed out that last year it was £5 10s, per head in this colony and £1 16s. per head in Victoria, and wills we were able to afford it at present, it was a grave question, and he urged upon the Government the absolute necessity of using the surplus revenue only upon works which could be stopped at any moment when the inevitable dark days appeared. For this reason be urged the Government to be careful in the extension of the civil service, as they were extending the permanent service of the country. The hon. member invited the Assembly to consider the question of the Western Australian Atlas, who was bearing upon his shoulders the whole world of the Railways and Works Department, and he urged that there should be separate Miniet rial control of these departments. Next, referring to the trade of the colony, Mr. Illingworth reopened the old question that when the exports exceeded the imports it showed the colony was in a bad way. Mr. Randell at once denied this, and not even Mr. Illingworth's remark that Adam Smith had settled this long ago convinced him. Having upon this, as upon nearly every other, sub pact said " one word the " one word " being demonstrated to be capable of much "reproduction-Mr. Illingworth confessed to feeling tired, and it appears that the Ministry are to blame. Notwithstanding their denials, and in these Mr. Alex. Forrest assisted Mr. Illingworth persisted in saying he, was tired, and that it was the Government who tried him by saying the mines were a burden upon the country. But though tired, he had sufficient strength to ask the Ministry to give what the Ministry already intended to do, namely, give the goldfields all they were entitled to receive. No doubt, he was assisted in these efforts by the fact already referred to, and which he admitted, namely, that the Government were prepared to give the gold fields all they were entitled to receive. After " tea " the House was treated to a digestive in the shape of Mr. Richardson's logic. To make his propositions clear he worked this. out in the method adopted in the textbooks of Algebra, resorting to alphabetical symbols to show that the railways were worked at a profit. He was positively satisfied that the agricultural railways were in a reproductive position, if not directly, certainly in an indirect fashion. He demonstrated that the colony was keeping up its average of cultivation a man to two and a half acres. Mr. Piesse supplemented the remarks of the, Lands Minister. He enunciated the proposition that, agriculture was of more lasting advantage to the colony than was the mining industry, although at present there are only 133 000 acres under cultivation, whilst there were no statistics of the area at present occupied by march leases. He declared that hastening to the House as an exponent of the agricultural interests. Mr. R. F. Sholl grieved members by paying he had not studied the estimates as much this session as m past years. This departure from his wonted practice he emphasised upon one or two occasions. There was one thing that he did speak of in terms of warm approval, namely, that the Premier had, under estimated the revenge. But there were two under-estimated that he did not approve of, namely, an amount of £42, 110, wl in the House had authorised to be spent on necessary public works, and a similarly authorised amount of £1,749 ea roads and, badges. Against this, however, there was an amount of £33,2 22, by which the Ministry had exceeded the authorised amount of expenditure, and though Mc- Sholl was averse to mentioning the word " cops," as he always is, he detected the flavour of " sons " in this amount. And for the reason of this excess he thought it was misleading of the Premier to claim credit for having spent .£¿7,000 short of the authorised expenditure. Mr. Sholl electrified the House by stating he did not object to increases of salary to officials, but at the same time he wished to see the increases systematised by a Civil Service Act. By a natural and easy transition Mr. Sholl passed to the consideration of the Civil Service Com- suasion, to whose existence he attributed the neglect of the Government to bring in such an Act. He described it in effect as being useless so far as the House was concerned, and said that if no other member moved this cession he should move that it be cancelled. Mr. Sholl also referred to the Bureau of Agriculture, called indifferently by members during the evening " Berroo," " Bawra," and "Baree' in addition to its orthodox name. This body, notwithstanding its usefulness, does not according to Mr. Sholl keep its accounts in that practical manner which one expects of such a practical institution, and its accounts are not so audited as to enable members to keep that " eye " upon it which ought to be kept upon it. As to the Agricultural Bank, criticism was at present premature, and its manager would prove a veritable guardian angel of the interests of the colony so far as that institution was concerned. Mr. Sholl had a variety of other subjects to touch upon ; the reduction of timber rates on the goldfields which he found had been in duced the introduction of Artesian boring, the creation of good impressions in England by undertaking the surveys of the Coolgardie railway extension, the creation of bad impression in Mr. Sholl's mind by the proposed expenditure of £25 000 on Law Courts, which he thought was £15,000 too much. Mr. Simpson discovered in the Premier a resemblance to Sir Richard Burton, which no one had thought bore, namely, that he had given the colony, imbis speech, a new edition of the Arabian * Nights. Then the hon. member was ^¿*--sarcastic on the repairs of the Fremantle jetty. Months ago it had, he said, been injured by the burning of the Bothwell Castle, and the repairs were still going on these being effected by three' men and a boy, the latter of whom had little' to do, while three large steamers lay out in temp<>8tuous<weatber. Having been sarcastic, Mr. Simpson grew indignant over the an. wisdom, as rite regarded it, shewn by the Premier in the language he used concerning the banking institutions of the colony. His attitude towards the Agricultural Bank was that of DidymnB, but on the subject of arte- I mean boring in this colony he was. a perfect Stephen. Towards the proposed commuta- tion of'theEcclesiastical Gransha suggested the House might act in a useful way if they I prescribed the manner in which the money should be invested, Mr. Lefroy, after a few generalities about the revenue, the (population, the Customs, and a favourite theme of the hon. member's, namely, " the present moment," referred to that perennial! subject, depression amongst the agricoltnrists,'>whiob.-needed grave consideration. Having done this, he advocated in creasing the attractiveness of the colony to outsiders by the erection of buildings of, decent proportions. -tHe also called attention to the trio which had been sung by Messrs. Leake, Illingworth, and-Simpson in praise of the Budget, and then, looking down, the long vista of the years to come, discerned toe almost incredulity with which the children and grandchildren would regard the goldfields-of the colony. Mr. Moran had been, as he expressed it, " living low, and he also seemed to have been in a state of suppressed (indignation because agricultural members- regarded,mining mains bers as being 'Opposed to agricultural interests. Tbi? indignation he wanted to fire off, and being worked up to explosive, point, as BOOB as Mr. Lefroy sat down Mr.' Moran shot up like a rocket, and then coming down>to the floor of the House he uncorked, the vials of his wrath. Then he plunged into figures dealing with the earnings on the Yilgarn railway line, which were much above working expenses and interest on the cost of construction, and therefore entitled it to a, reduction of rates. After this the hon member dealt with various subjects in therEatirnates, and probably because he had shot up, rockets like, at the commencement of his speech, every now and then he announced be- was' coming down to first one subject and then another. He also announced that the question of water supply on the fields was coming during the year, and. he kindly promised that when it did he would come also. In the meantime, he wished the Government to keep their "eye the Government losing, opti- cally, Cyclopean-on the field water supply and field sanitation. Mr. George rose to speak, and-two or three members also rose. The number for the Murray knew they were not going to speak, and was therefore suspicious, and asked how many formed a quorum. " There is one," said Mr. Sholl. Upon this a small exodus took place. Said Mr. George to the Chairman "I must draw attention to the fact that there is no quorum." Here one of the members of the exodus stood, and the Premier said "There is a qu rum," and so said the Chairman. Then Mr. George asked for' information of the Chairman as to how many formed a quorum so that he might know, when to call attention to its absence. Several members said so long as attention were not directed to it it would not matter. Mr. George said it did matter, as he desired a quorum. " Oh no," said the Premier kindly, " we will listen well," to which Mr. George gratefully rejoined, "I will make you listen to what I have to Bay." Here several other members walked out, but several came in. Mr George then proceeded to talk about railway management, and he was interrupted by the Premier, whom he then addressed directly, instead of the Chair. The Chairman warned him that personal convey a action was contrary to Parliamentary el requests. Mr. George was beginning to point out there were so many interruptions and so many at ticks of which the Chair took no notice, when the Chairman was understood to say that if the hon. member offered such observations as these he should always call attention when he interrupted. Than Mr. George went on with his speech on the subject of railway management and public works. The member for Murray was shortly after interrupted by members, whereupon the Chairman said his (Mr. Traylen's) conduct had been challenged in allowing any interruptions at all, and he would be very glad if hon. members would allow the member for Murray to have absolute silence. This was allowed, while he spoke of the mischief of day work on public works, a large staff of civil servants who were engaged in manufacturing huge piles of correspondence, his knowledge of this being gathered from his experiences on a Commission, whereas he would prefer -to see a smaller but more capable staff with less waste of time over useless correspondence, and the more speedy payment of Government accounts. With Mr. George's remarks hoped the general debate on on the estimates. None of the speeches were particularly interesting, as it was very noticeable that those who might be expected to be very critical, such as Mr. Leake, Mr. Simpson, and others, were not up to their ordinary form, li was a surprise to some that the general debate did not last longer, but the interest in this part of the consideration of the estimates was feeble rather than spasmodic. Several votes were then agreed to, and progress was reported. A couple of new Bills were agreed to. A motion by Mr. James regarding free railway passes was agreed to, and the House then adjourned. 