" Bread Cast upon the Waters." "WHEN tlie crushing season commences at the Colonial Sugar Company's Mill in Broadwater there is a steady stream of swaggies flowing through the towns and villages on the Richmond Hirer for weeks towards Broadwater. There are always men who are not engaged, and most of these wander off in search of honest hard work of any kind. A few work the towns and villages systemati cally, begging, borrowing, stealing, &c.; At most times these loafers are a nuisance-and sometimes they are an en joyment. In the beginning of August, 1890, the crushing season began, and in the beginning of August three swaggiee, looking for work and praying that they wouldn't find it, strnck a slice of luck in Twowharves. The local banker is a student of men and a humorist. When the swaggies applied to him " for a job," he smiled and said " Knife-and-fork work, gentlemen, is your dart, I expect." | They smiled also, and remarked that a square meal would not be half a bad thing, The banker supplied thein with seats under the weeping willow in his yard, and gave each a goodly meal and-the flwaggies did open their eyes-a quart of beer. While the men who wanted work were attacking the eatables and drink ables like finished tradesmen the banker said to his boy " Jack, take this axe and carefully put it out of sight in the kitchen. If it's left here these gentlemen will not enjoy their meal because of their anxiety to be up and doing. I want them to enjoy this meal." The axe was removed, but the swag gies exhibited unmistakable symptoms of regret as its departure. They were afraid that the banker was going to ask them to do something harder than cut ting a little wood, and hence they re gretted the departure of the axe; but their regret did not injuriously affect their appetites. When the three yearners after employ ment had finished eating and drinking, the banker supplied each with a plug of *' Black Charlie." "Look here, boss," said Joe, "you don't intend to adopt us, do you ?" " Not much," replied the banker. " I have not heard a good story for months. The commercials avoid this township be cause of its poverty ; the two story tellers we had here left three months ago, and, as times are bad, the timber- getters are growing morose ; so you see, I hear but few good things. I know that you gentleman tourists are capable conver sationalists, and I desire each of you to tell me the exaggeratedest stretcjicr you know; remember this, I like, a racy etory, but I abhor filth, so fire away." The banker settled himself contentedly in a comfortable, locally-produced easy chair, and waited. Swaggie A. opened fire. "Johnnie Barton, the well-known ?sportsman of Possum Shoot, has a dog, b splendidly-bred retriever, which is at once the envy and the admiration of all sportsmen on the two rivers. The dog is phenomenally 'cute. He seems not only to understand everything that is said to him ; but in addition, and more especially, he appears to divine his master's thoughts. Johnnie was out shooting one day, paddymelons in par ticular and anything in general. As usual, he had his dog Carl Carl with him. In pursuing a wounded bandicoot the dog sprang 011 to a long, sloping ehelf or rock, at the bottom of which was a pool of water surrounded by a strip of white sand. " The rock was covered with slippery green moss, kept always ready for a slide by the water that trickled over it. Directly Carl Carl landed on the rock he executed some wonderful acrobatic feats, and went sliding tail-long down the treacherous slope into the pool. The pool was planked on three sides by high/ walls of sandstone. The only way out ?was the way in. j " Carl Carl made a dozen attempts to get enough way on to carry him up the provoking incline, but each attempt -ended in his slithering back into/the pool. Johnnie whistled irad coaxed. <3arl Carl Taced madly round the /pond ?seven or eight times, and then, witfh one grand effort, dashed Bt the slipper^ rock. "He made a gallant fight, but he .slithered back again. Then be s^( down <011 (be sand. f J "' Cesar's ghost !T said Johnnie, ' surely Carl Carl ain't going to sulk ?' Carl Carl was not sulking. He was meditating. He pondered for perhaps a minute-Johnnie coaxing him all the time. Suddenly the dog sprang up like a lion from his lair, shouting, or, I should say, barking the canine equivalent for ' Eureka!' Carl Carl had, indeed, found it-the' solution to his difficulty. He opened his cavernous month to its widest extent-he took a huge mouthful of sand, and racing once round the pool jumped at the rock of ages. " It was a superb jump, but he soon found himself slipping downward, so he spluttered some sand to his left, and thus getting a grip with his front feet be paused-three more springs-three de positions of sand, and Johnnie Barton's fowling-piece, with braces attached to the stock, hauled the intelligent dog to a place of safety. That's the lot." " Do you really think the dog hit upon the sand idea ?" queried the banker. "'No, boss, I don't. I think that Carl Carl had seen some engines at work on an up grade in wet weather.' " Just so," replied the provider of the food and drink. Then he added " Next, please." Swaggie P. next carefully extracted a half-used plug of tobacco from his mouth, and placing it by his side for future re ference, commenced to pay lor his grub. "' Well, mister, yer carn't expect me to sling my yarn in so newspaper-like a way as my mate. He's the toff of our crowd. We calls him, ' Gus the Toff.' He's got the call over us two. He's writ stories and things for the Western Champion, he has. However, I'll wire in and do me best. They used ter be a nold cove at the Richmond called ' Old Gus.' He wuz a horse-shoor, and his brother was one of the best trainers that ever handled a horse ; but Old Gus he drank, and drink made him awful low and dirty. JJe wuz the most filthiest j cove I ever see-blacks not accepted. ! The bloomin' dirt was on him in flakes, with just a crack here and there between 'em, they was that close. He had a bed in his house, a nold rockery belongin' to M'Namara, the storekeeper. He let the place get so terribly dirty that old Mac ordered him to burn the bed ot clear out. Why, the bed was that foul, that I'm d d if yer could strike a match near it-leastways if yer did strike a match, it flickered a second or two and went out, same as in a sewer. Not enough oxygen or something in the air. " Old Gus got rid of his bed somehow, and then he useter sleep rolled up in straw ; and when any of the cockies or timber-getters or cane-cutters came early-Old Gus was an awful late riser -they used to poke in the straw with a stick till they rooted him out. " Th' old cove went up to Wyrallah one Annerversary Day. Wyrallnh's a town which consists of a mill, a school,' a few houses, an' a lot of pine logs arid heaps of sawdust. They useter bg a cove there wot wuz a hard case, and no git out. He offered Old Gus a qtfart of beer if he'd go and wash himself in the river. Old Gus could lush, an^hc stood out for two quarts, and the cove agreed, " Well, on a Saturday evgnin', 'bout dusk, Old Gus goes down to the river just below Joe Quail's old'' wharf. He hardly knew how ter begjh ter wash, it was so long since he'd dffoe it. Some of the boys gave him instructions, and he done the washin' pretty well. Crickev, he was a time at 'it! On Suuday mornin' the people O/n the lower part of the river wuz puzzled. They said,' It's funny the river aft't riz, and yet the water's discolored/just like as if they was a fresh.' They was a fresh, sure 'nougb-a fresh/man up at Wyrallah. The fish died thfat plentiful that at Bal lina men wuz paid ter bury 'em." The man Twhat hadn't writ for the Western Champion" took up his chew and began bis mastication and expector ation. / "Well,/what happened eventually to Old Guy?" asked the banker, and added, hopefully " ^ BtJppose he became quite respect able-perhaps rose to be a country alder man or/ even a J.P." " fifes-pect-able ! No, mister, the day after his bBth he caught cold through not vw>arin' extra clothin'. The cold settlefl on his lungs, an' he died in a de cline/ He would a lived if he'd bin care ful ybut he was awful raBb, an' wore only his/ ordinerry clothin' after his bath. Wjfhy, it was tantemount to suicide." {" Cleaniness is next to godliness," tyaid the banker, as he looked towards tylie third gentleman tourist, who began to eradicate his deficit. " You see, boss, I am afraid I can't tell you what you call a bloomin' stretcher. My mates is good at lying'. I'll tell you some funny facts about a telegraph operator what I knew down South in the Bland country. There isn't much to tell, but it's true, and I don't know no funny lies, and I can't make them up out of my head. This fellow's name was Bob M'Nab. " When he was seventeen years old he had to give up ridin* on horseback be cause his knees chafed his cars. When to was nineteen years old and bad just learned to smoke he was walking down a street in Toung-pretty place, Toung -and a kid what he met suddenly jumped back as if he was afraid of Bob. Bob asked the kid what frightened him, and the youngster said " Blest if I didn't think you was a tree afire." " Bob gave up smokin' after that." " gome of the yonng larrikins who used to cheek Bob made a big mistake in runnm' away. That just suited him, for when they had gone far enough Bob was able to kick them in the rear. When they stood a yard or two off they were safe. " Daring the fever scare at Craki the fish in the river got so bloomin* afraid of the increased death-rate among them that one couldn't catch fish unless one used disenfectant on every bait. Fact." " Good evening, gentleman," said the banker. As they turned to go lie said, " Bring out the axe, now, Jack." The axe was brought. In the morning of the next day it was missing. 