The Gippsland Times THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1895. Ir is a matter of regret that the measure fixing the rates of the Income Tax for 1895 has been put off to the last moment. Tile Premier, hoping against hope for a realisation of the estimates of revenue, annooieced in his Budget speech last .Jly, has been aware for the past month that his anticipated surplus of £19,000 by June, 1896, will not be realised. The Railway Commtissioners have also furnished estimates, based on five months actual receipts, to show that under favorable circumstances the total for the year will be £30,000 less than for I54i.5P. This l?ss, together with shrinkage from other sources of revenue, may be met by a continnance of those miscalled economies, effected by neglect ing maintenance works : but this is only deferring expenditure until the accumu lation is too large for any one year's income. The longer repairs are put off the more costly they become. A fort night ago the Government could have explained the situation to the House, andi have got the necessary increase of revenue by a revision of the income tax rates. Figures have been published by the t,,mmissioner of Income Tax, show ing the incidence of certain readjust tmenots. Bly taxing at ;d in thie £I incomles over £sLuI derived from personal exertion, amd sd in the £1 those over £1U00, with the corresponding increases on similarincotmesderived from tcroperty, an additional revenue of £!0O1U0 would be obtained. The largest increase of revenue, however, would cotme from those whose incomes are under £000. There are 30,225 per.sons assessed as having net incutes over £2o'U, and if each of these paid 13S 4d more than they did mnzler the ]I14 :iasessmelnt there would Ie an increased revenue of over £20,00,. In view of the dednuctions allowed before an izncome is assessed at tihe net value of L£2z0 a year, it has been suggested tiat the exemption should be lowered to £.10T. This would not only largely intcreate the number of people taxable, i but it would make available over £1,600,000 exempted under the 1894 assessment. The reductions in the Customs tariff would go far towards compensating those payir,g income tax for the increased assessment. Parliament, however, would not be fulfilling its duty to the public if any increase in assessment was sanctioned without also making reforms in the administration of the income tax act. A number of points have been raised on the assessments of tile Commissioner, yet scarcely one has been decided on its merits in the law courts. In the first pla e it is not fair that a private citizen should be put to the expense at,d worry of establishing his rights by law, because Parliament has neglected to clearly define those rights. Next, in those cases which cannot be defined by any general rule tie procedure for an appeal to thie courts, instead of being made purposely difficult, should be so simple that the dispute can be decided on its merits. There is no justice in quashing proceedings by in equitable privileges assumed by the State, as represented by the Commis sioner of Income Tax. Take for instance the claim of the Commissioner to levy income tax on properly that has in the same year paid legacy duty. Snrely Parliament never intended that the family of a man who died intestate, leaving say £52,0100, should pay fitst £4000 probate duty, and then £3000 income tax. Another example is that of a widow left £20100 by her Ihusband. Thle probate duty would be £40, sand the income tax £110, yet invested in sound securities the annual income would be only £slo, so more than one year's incomle is seized by the State for taxes. Another point of serious import to mlanufacturers and farmlers using mnachinery is that no deduction is allowed for renewals of machinery, although a deduction is allowed for wear and tear. This ruling severely handicaps all those who are not already provided with tile machinery best suited to their industry. The clause prohibiting mort gagees from making agreements with mortgagors as to which party shall pay income tax is also an unfair arrange ment on those who take mortgages as collateral security only. The clause which needs amendment most urgently is that relating to the procedure for determining objections. The Act pro. vides that if the Commissioner considers an objection his decision shall be final, except as to amount. The section reads so that if a person assessed submits his objections to tile consideration of the Commissioner he is barred from appeal ing against his decision to thle law courts. If the objector decides to test the question in the law courts, without first ascertaining whether the Commis sioner accepts his view, he is not allowed to adopt tile usual procedure. lie must first lay his case before a police magis trate, then lihe may appeal to the County Court, and if Ihe can get a special case stated by the judge Ihe may go to the Supreme Court. Not only is the pro cedure tortuous and needlessly expensive, but it is inequitable, for tile Commis- i sioner who forced him to go first to the police magistrate may appeal from the decision of the tribunal of his own choice. If there was any probability that the Income Tax Act would not be renewed I at thle expiry of the three years for which it was passed, the payers iight submit to these inequities, but everybody hasI already realised that the tax has "come t to stay." This is the reason why the I public are anxious to hare the Act amended, and the Premier, Iby neglecting the opportunity has d?eidedly lost sonime of the reputation Ire has so laboriously striven to obtain as tile head of a thoroughly practical Ministry. There will be no publication of tile Gippeland Times on Thursday next (Boxing Day). The Oippalasd Times calendar for 1896 is published as a supplement to the issue ofI to-day. The Adelaide batter by tile Orizaba sold at 106s. Last night Mr G. 91. Smith was presented with a clock and an illuminated address by his brother olfiers on his retirement front the postal department' alfer31 years service. The presentation was made bty Mr St. Leger in a few well chosen words, and Mr Smith feelingly responded. The event took the form of a "surprise" party at Mr Smith's residence. We have received from the agent., Messrs Gordon and Gotch a copy of thie Christmas number of "Black and W\hite." The stories and illustrations are of the usual high standard. The supplement consists of a large chrotnmo reproduction of Robert Gibbh' famous painting, "Comrades." From E. W. Cole we have received "Cole's Childland," a bhook of pleasing poems and pretty pets for ctiltren. lice one shillieng. .Mr J. Baull hIas found his Sale S.hIool of Mlines training of great value to htil in Johanneserg, as by hIis latest letter he has received a most lucrative appointment owing to Itis knowledge of assaying, The general lists for thie Sale division of the Gippsland Province is now printed and may be iospectedl free of charge at the office of thle registrar, .1r E. S. Gutteridge, the Rialto, and at every post olice In thes division. A meeting of ratepayers to appoint managers to the Sole common will be heltI tifs evening at the Temperance Hall. Tie retiring managers are eligible for re-election. The close season for quail does not terminate till the end of Fcbruary, and William 'Pateman, who went for a little shooting in a hay-fiell at Camlpbelifield on Sovember 16ith was fined £2 st the Coburg police court on Tuesday for killing a pro tected bird. His defence was that he did not know be had fired at a flight of quail. The steamer Omeo will ruu an excursion on Christmas day in the afternoon, to the Rivier Avon, leaving Sale wharf st half post 2:o'clock. The fare is only Is Gd. On BHring daya trip will be muade to lairnsdale, starting at thie convenient hour of 8 a.m. and on New Year's day the boat will run to Lakes Entrance and back. Thie fare is only 3s and the usuoal allowance is made for children. The Sale BIorough Band has been engaged for each excursion, and tickets can Ihe purchased brforehaod at thle agencies advertised. At thie Sale Police Court on Tuesslay, 1easrs l'ettit and Cherry, J'e.P'., made as ordler at the suit of W. 1). Leslie and Co., against Francis Caitns for £8 14e 55, goods sold andl delierertl, with costs £1 "s 6it. Mr Staveley appeared for the complainants. Moe.srs J. E. Loder anl Co., Jewellers, Riaymond.street, desire special attention to their advertisement of goods specially suited for presents st Christmtas and New Year. People contemplatiog making gilts sllould remember Mr \Wemmick'e liking for jewel lery as "poratlle property." lMessrs Loder and Co., intimate that tie price at which they are selling brooches, rings, links, etc., makes investmlent ornamental as well as safe. They also hrave a specially selected atck of watches and timepieces at very moderate prices., It is stated that steps are being taken to induce Mr D. Methven, of Carrajung (ex. M.L A. for Brunswick), to contest South Gippslend at the next election. Sir Mleth. cen was recently in charge of one of the Government track cutting parties in East Gippsland. The quarterly summoned meeting of the Sale Branch, A.N.A., will be held on Friday next, the 20th inst., in the Masonic Hall. A full attendance of members is requested, as business of importance is to be transacted, viz., the election of medical officer and officers of the branch. In addition to the usual attractions at the Christmas Carnival this evening, two glees will be sung by the Presbyterian choir, under the baton of Mr T. R. Phillips; Grand March and chorus, arranged by Mrs Purdue; songs by Misses Dunne, Ison, and Mr Jas. Thomson; military item by the rangers, and two performances by the Royal Marionettes, in which " Pat" and "Biddy M'Gee," "Johnny and Susie Snowball,' and "The Rival Darkies" will sing and dance for the amusement of old and young. Also " Cæsar's Ghost," " The Skeleton Jug gler," "Jacky Tar," and the " Tortise" will appear. The Marionettes are managed by Mr Joe Clues, assisted by Messrs E. J. Osmond and P. J. Wallace, who guarantee a really funny performance. The Borough Band and Mr Paul's Orchestra will also con tribute towards the enjoyment of the even ing. To- morrow the bahlar will be open during the evening only, but on Saturday it will be ipenat II a.m., and during the after. nonzl, while in the evening the Art Union will be drawn. The ladies of the Australian Natives stall desire to state that the hand scone lace handkerchief was presented by the Convent of Notre Dame de Sion, and that the painting was by bliss Coffey, not biss Co:hrane. The acle of Mrs Short's furniture at the Commnrcial bank building attracted a very large attendance of buyers, and the auctioneers, lMessrs Little and Borthwick, consider the prices realised as very sati.s factory. There were fewer mere sight-seers amongst the crowd than was anticipated, as the room in which the tragedy had been enacted was kept locked. Mrs Short left for Melbourne by the afternoon train last Monday. She has recovered marvellously from the injuries to her face, and thanks to the skill of Dr. Gibbs the disfigurement wil be very slight. Accounts awaiting payment at Sale for P. Brennan, J. C. Hagger, AI. O'Reilly, W. T. Sprod, B. E. Webb, E. Wolff, and J. l'Gann; at Stratford on Friday for J. M'Carthy; and at .Maffra on Friday for A. H. B. Kelly, J. Turner, T. Connolly and A. Hardie. There is no better known hotel in Mel. bourne than the Post Office Club Hotel in Elizabeth-street, next to the post office, and t is sure to find increased favor with visitors to the city, now that it has been ebuilt and fitted according to the latest Designs. The arrangements by AMr C. Richardson for the convenience of his patrons are unsurpassed in the city, and those Gippslanders who have for so long made this their house of call, speak in tighest terms of praise of the attention they ;et. Visitors to the metropolis during the eolidays should look in at the Past Olice :lub, where they are sure to meet familiar faces. A fatal waggon accident occurred near Bulumwaal on Sunday afternoon. It appears that a carrier named John Hamilton was driving a bullock team to Merrijig, when a short distance from Bulumwaal, he fell under one of the wheels, which passing over his head killed him instantly. At the in quest a miner, named Thomas Harding, said he accompanied deceased at his request. Harding was walking by the bullocks, when he heard a noise, and looking back saw de- ceased lying on his face a few yards behind the waggon. Hamilton was under the in- luence of liquor at the time, and appeared to have slipped while trying to get at the middle brake. A verdict of accidental death was recorded. The decision of the Full Court in the appeal case Clarkhrry v. City of South lelbourne, ic the subj.et a of leading article I the " Argus" on 'Tueld y. That journal :akes preciely the same view expressced in :le G'ii'pp u'l Timer of the 0:h inst., where t was pointed out that the judges had ap. )areotly taken no notice of the Local Go. rernment Amending Act of 1891, when rul. ng that municipalities were not rresposihle or injllies caused by their failing to repair oads. l'ile "Argus" states that "one cannot oelp thinking that the court has allowed ts mind to be somewhat unduly overborne cy the views of the English appellate ribuuals on similar, but by no means iden ical local government laws in other colonies, tnd has paid too scant attention to the fact hat the Victorian Legislature has again ad again dealt with municipal law witll `ull knowledge of the effect of the earlier ulings of our courts, but has never sought , limit the dutly and liability of the coon ils as the Full Court has now idone." At the meeting of the tiosedsle Shire Jouncil on Mtonday Cr. Kelly brought rorward his tmotion to rescind the resolution osopending the carrying out of all contract or day labour wolk uo:il thio bhok overdraft oas paid off, Cr. Pearson seconded the motion, and Crs. Crooks (President), and 'endlebury also voted for it, but as all the :ounciilors were not present a two-thirds majority was required to pass the motion, which was cons:quently lost. The bank ovsrdraft has been reduced below the limit tipulated by the manager, but the Rosedale ridling is tile only one with a credit balance of £l1. The DenLison riding is in debt to thie amouoot of £52 and thle Toongabbie riding to £427. Thie. Toongabbio repre entatives led the opposition to any money being expended, at least till after Mlarch, andl Cr. Keneran was of opiciou that the roads in his riding were ntot in urgent need of repair. Tihe engineer, blr Henlerson furniashed a strongly woried report on tihe need of immediately repairing mauny of the main roads, and travellers on the road from Sale to Ruscdale can endorse the report, for the holes are numerous audl deep. There is a swampy reserve known as Bald Hlls, at the railway crossing on the Sale to Rosedale rood. It is about 100 acres in extent and used as a camping ground for travelling stock and a drinking place when tihe water is not too brackish. A feo, months ago the thirty acres out of water in winter time was recommended Iy a conference of municipalitie s as good site for isolating small pox patients. The BUard of Public Health asked for thle local Health olficcrs reports on thle site. One could not fiul the place, another declared he would not send a sick bandicoot to thie spot, and another conscientiously declared that it was un suitable as a quarantine ground because it was too near a mnain road and a habitation. Since then someone has applied to tie Lands )Department to rent the land nuloer annual license. Thie Rosedale Council last Monday informed thie Deptrtmleut by resolution that they are tired of objecting to the laud being alienated and desire tie Mlioister to reserve it permanently as a campiug ground for stock. The annual distribution of prizes in con nection with the Sale Stale school, will take place on Friday next at II a.mn. His wor. ehip, the mayor, Cr. J, G. Pettit, will dis tribute the prizes, and if the weather ahould prove favorable, the prizes will be given outside the building, and arrangements will obe made for the convenience of thfsg who may wish to bsteprent, The appolntment of a Health officer, in the place of Dr. Dow, resigned, was dealt with at the Rosedale shire council meeting on Monday. The ballot resulted in Dr. V. lirowne, of Sale, being appointed at a salary of £10 per annum, by four votes. Dr. Macdonald of Sale recceivig three votes. Mr Kleesattel, of Traralgon, was appointed analyst. The question of granting the secretary the usual allowance for collecting statistics was brought up on ama3tion by Cr. Pendlebnry seconded by Cr. Kenevan. Cr. Fogarty opposed it on the ground that thie secretary when accepting re engagement at a reduced salary last March, had undertaken the duties without extra fee. The President ruled the motion out of order, as notice to rescind the former resolution must be given fitst. 