MY ONLY LOVER. AM an old muid ; worse than that J I am decidedly plain. I toll you this frankly, at the beginning; so that if you are expecting a succession of adventures all about the loves and sorrows of one of the fairest flowers on earth, you can makeup your mind to bo disappointed. Well, as I have said, I am exceedingly ordinary, not downright ugly—would that I were ! for then there would be something remarkable about me—but just one of those commonplace flesh-atid-blood mortals who till up the niches. This fleshly tabernacle seems in my case to be rather a wall of separation than a connecting link between myself and humanity. I have always lived in a very retired manner, and have been accustomed, for want of society, to solace myself with books and castle- building. When I was just verging on young ladyhood, I confess to have read such a quantity of novels as to passionately desire beauty and a heroic lover. But the comeliness which I fondly dreamed " sweet sixteen " would bring came not. I did .not grow fairer ; my hair did nob gradually become soft and wavy ; my eyes were no more of an azure than ever, only there was more of me. Th erefore, instead of the moonlight walks, the balls, the attentive admirers of my maidenly dreams, I, plain Kitty Bell, remained quietly at home, all the long evenings, just because nobody ever asked me to do otherwise. And so, becoming painfully conscious of the fact that I was neither pretty enough for a " witching little fairy," nor yet ugly enough for a "genius," I just gave up all the romantic notions I had ever indulged, and resolved, without one agonising death struggle, calmly, firmly resolved to submit to a life of single-blessedness. Thus situated, I betook myself more than ever to reading. My uncle's scanty library was soon exhausted, so I made depredations on neighbouring ones, devouring everything •which came in my way, from Jack the Giant,-Killer to Walter Scott and from the Catechism to Voltaire. I had just become nicely settled in this groove with a feeling of great contentment as to my lot, and had given up all idea of ever having a lover and being like other girls, when there came— but I am anticipating. One day, when I was sitting with my nunt in the back parlour, hemming some pillow cases, and not dreaming that anything remarkable was going to happen, an invitation came for me to attend a german at Mrs. Browne's. Now Mrs. Browne was a Very fashionable lady who, though usually conforming to the round of society conven- tionalities, let fly occasionally some strange sparks of electricity. It so happened that she had an extensive library, to which she had allowed me free access. Perceiving my fondness for books, and perhaps something of my habitual reserve, she conceived the idea that I, Kitty Bell, was literary. And so she, being quite a naturalist in her way, and of course wanting to collect all sorts "of curious animals for her menagerie of Wednesday evening, invited me. Now I had never attended a german, excepting in imagination with the lovely heroines of newspaper stories, and was astonished at the idea that such a thing was possible. 'Tis true I had attended a few parties, and watched from the corner the progress of coquetry between the gay Lotharios and their fair ones ; but this was quite another thing. However, I really waiited to go ; and since Mrs. Browne had shown me so much kindness, and even sent her cousin to say he " would be happy to attend me," I decided to do so. Of course I had to examine my plain wardrobe, and plan considerably, with my good aunt's help, to make a decent appearance; and I scarcely knew myself when I was enveloped in all the pretty things suitable for the occasion. When I finally found myself in the spacious parlours of Mrs. Browne, and heard the hum of joyous voices, the lively chat, and remembered that I was really old Kitty Bell, witli no pretty ways and admiring friends like other girls, I admit feeling a pang, all my philosophy to the contrary, notwithstanding. But I soon became edified and amused in watching the course of divers little flirtations. Yonder was a tall, dark-eyed, fine-looking young man, who, I soon perceived, was quite a lion among the fair ones. He was decidedly the centre-piece of the picture—the reigning beau of the season. As for the belles, there were two or three struggling for ascendency, and whether one or the other triumphed was ascertained by the attentions of the superb Mr. Sunderland. I amused myself in watching the course of things till my eyes fairly ached, when I betook myself to some volumes which graced a side table to catch breath in my natural element. I turned over a few leaves, read half a dozen verses of Moore's, and raised mv head to encounter Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed admiringly upon me ! Thank fortune, I always had strong nerves, so I did not faint, but kept on the even tenor of my way. I beheld the gentleman seek out Mrs. Browne. That lady in turn glanced at me, and in another moment the two bad advanced towards the corner where I sat, and Mr. Sunderland was introduced to Miss Bell. Had the earth opened and swallowed us up, I could not have been more astounded. However, I had little time for conjecture, as the gentleman seemed desirous of entering into immediate conversation. " A fine evening for a gathering. Mrs. Browne was a very interesting lady, a superb woman ! I was an old acquaintance of hers, was I not ? Was I fond of the german ?" "I was not in the habit of attending germane," 1 told him. "Ah ! he suspected I was fond of intel lectual pursuits. He honoured my choice. He did not himself find satisfaction in these light, frivolous amusements. He was most happy to find sympathy in the higher grade of enjoyment." For the first time in my life I felt the inconvenience of not having been initiated into the mysteries of small talk. But, since regrets were of no avail, I was obliged to fall back upon plain common sense, and reply in a straightforward manner to the best of my abilities. 'Tis true I was not a little surprised at the literary turn this brilliant lady-killer had suddenly taken ; but, after all, many queer things happen in this world. •Strangely enough, Mr. Sunderland persisted in remaining by my side during the rest of the evening, as much to the astonishment of the fair rivals as my own, and not a little to their chagrin. There was some tittering, too, I observed, and suppressed wnisperings of "Who is she?" " What a, sober looking body!" It was quite evident the proud beauties were exceedingly vex'-d. Perhaps this was just what he intended jf so, I'd help him to carry out the jest ; and laughed and chatted with great animation. Whatever might have been the cause of the phenomenon, it was evident, as the entertainment drew to a close, that Mr. Sunderland meant to continue, his extraordinary course, for he begged to be allowed to see me often at "my home. A»d so, when I had at last established nvystdf in snu«» quarters for the night, it was wily to puzzle my brain with vague conjectures as to whether the conduct of my apparent admirer was due to some sudden pkjjim of his own, to a disgust of the vanities of the world, or to my own (possible) charms. After that memorable evening matters progressed at an astonishing rate. I attended operas, concerts, readings, lectures, and what not, with Mr. Sunderland in constant attendance. A new world was opened before me. I saw with my own eyes, heard with my owu ears, what before I had onlv read and imagined. I listened to noble truths, soul-st irring sentiments from the lips r.i real human beings like myself. I sat iu the brilliantly-lighted lecture room amid a C- feasant hum of happy voices, and watched ttio gvoupsof friend* laughing and chatting together, with a strange feeling of Singled pleasure and pain. Amid all this, had my escort been a noble, whole-souled man, I don't, know what accidont might have befallen the organ that beats behind my blue merino bodice. But fortunately he was just a cipher, so I kept my equilibrium. The devotion of my admirer and the mystery of tho whole affair continued to incroase. The now docidedly literary and profound Mr. Sunderland nearly every evening honoured our little back parlour with his nresence. He admired my simple mode of life. My plain merino dress was more beautiful than all the gaudy trappings of the gay butterflies of fashion. And, at length the affair reached its culminating point, anil the glorious Mr. Sunderland, in the most approved manner, knelt at my feet and told me that his happiness or misery depended upon a word from my lips. I insisted on his taking a more rational view of the matter, and finally Bent him away in a most melancholy frame of mind. This, however, was not the end. The fortress of my heart was immediately besieged with numerous passionate letters. All my philosophy was put to rout.' The man seemed to be in earnest—really, desperately in earnest. Here was a very shallow specimen of humanity—and I could not fathom him. But at last a change came o'er the spirit of the dream. The missives ceased. Mr. Sunderland came not—sent no message. I met him on the street and he knew me not. Would there ever be an end of mysteries ? The transition was quite like a calm succeeding a storm ; but the spoils of the chase were mine, and I quietly settled down again as of old. Still I wondered, and might have wondered to the present day had not a circumstanco occurred by which the whole mystery was unravelled. One day Frank Browne called to settle some business transactions with my uncle. It so happened that the old gentleman was out, and consequently Frank condescended to amuse himself with me. He inquired how I enjoyed the German, and finally, with a mischievous look, how I liked Mr. Sunderland. I suspected something from his manner, and begged him to solve the strange riddle, whereupon he burst into a fit of laughter which he seemed to enjoy exceed ingly. When he had recovered sufficiently to be able to speak, he said :— " Miss Bell, I could describe a little scene of the evening which you might interpret for yourself." Of course I insisted upon heating it. " Well, then, Mr. Sunderland and Ed. Ryder were standing a moment together ; you were looking over a book, and another young lady, at the opposite side of the table, was toying with her fan. Ed. whispered, looking at the latter fair one, ' Sunderland, she would be a fine bird to catch—that girl over there at the table—an only child, and her father is worth two million dollars, they say.' They separated, and I saw Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed admiringly on— yourself. Is that satisfactory ?" It ought to have been ; and, of course, I laughed heartily, and declared it to he the richest joke of the season. Still, I felt just a little nettled. However, I counted up the cost, and found I had gained much experience, beside the fun. So I have relapsed again into an old maid, feeling doubly <;ontent with my lot now that I have bad a over. DISENCHANTED. all things, a night journey is the most tedious," said Clarence Hatfield as he let himself fall heavily into the stiff and uncomfortable seat of the railway carriage. "I say, Clifton, do you think we might smoke ?" " Well, I rather imagine not," said I. "There appear to be ladies on board." Hatfield shrugged his shoulders. "Such ladies." " Well," laughed I, " they don't appear to be particularly stylish in manner or costume, but nevertheless, my dear fellow, the divinity of their sex hedges them around like a wall." "Divinity of their humbug !" shortly interrupted Hatfield. " As if these ill-dressed dowdies, with babies and handboxes, could possioly belong to the same world with Beatrice Hale." To this I made no answer. It did not seem to me exactly appropriate to lug the sacred name of Beatrice Hale into a discussion in a place like this. Yet what could I do, except to feel my cheeks flush and the roots of my hair tangle T For I was unmistakably in love with Bee Hale, and so was Clarence Hatfield. Which of us did she like best ? Ah, that was the question. It was something like the children's old game of see-«<aw, "Up I go, down you come." Sometimes I fancied I had a ghost of a chance—sometimes I was convinced that Hatfield was a] together the preferred, and that I had better emigrate to Australia at once. Clarence Hatfield and I, be it understood, were employees in the extensive business of Messrs. Jenkins, Jumperton, and Co., auctioneers, and had been down to the country "putting up " a sale of lots, cut into streets and squares, according to the most approved metropolitan, methods of doing such things. It had been a dism business. November is not an inspiring month at the best, and a three days' fog had, conspired against the success of "Mount Morra Park/' as Jenkins, Jumperton, and Co,. had christened the new speculation. Yet we had dome reasonably well. As the train ?i«ive its starting lunge the door flew open, and in came a tall old lady with a prodig /ous black bonnet and a fur cloak, surroun/Jed by a perfect chevaux-defnseof squirr .el cages, leather bags, brownpaper parcels, and sandwich boxes. She was foil owed closely by a younger lady, dressed in black and closely veiled, and paused hes ftatingly in front of our seat. ' « oun Tn '/' a n," said she, in a low voice, as gruff as that of a man, "is this seat engaged 1" " Ye?,," isaid Hatfield ; " it is." " For- your feet ?"' "No nriatter what for," superciliously replied the head clerk of .lenkins, Jumperton, and'Co. " Please to pass on, old lady. iOu'11 find seats enough beyond." But tl lis was a stretching of the truth. There were no seats beyond, as the old lady could easdly perceive, unless she chose to sit directly opposite a red-hot coal fire or upon «no of those corner arrangements close to the door, which was equivalent to no seat at all The> old lady hesitated and changed her heavy cajrpet bag from one wearied arm to the other. I thought of my own good Aunt Polly at home, and rose at once. ^ " Pray take this seat, ma'am," said I. " And let, me put your parcel up in the rack for you." " Cliffcon, what a fool you are !" exclaimed Ilattield, in an imperative sotto voice. " Why couldn't you have sat still and minded your own business?" " It is my own business," I answered brusquely, " to see that every lady is made as comfortable as it is in the nature'of things to be. Now the squirrel cage, ma'am—It"li go very comfortably under the seat I think." Hatfield uttered a contemptuous grunt, but he never offered to trust his feet off the opposite cushions, although the young woman stood in the aisle, uncomfortably swaying backward and forward with the motion of the train, until a woman bevond, observing the state of affairs, drew a sleeping child into.her la,pand beckoned the other to take the piace thus vacated. By this tim*3 my old lady had established nerself to her entire satisfaction, and opened -her sandwich 'tl " itfueh'atillgVd rife she. " It's easy to see bHafc ywt've a mother of your own at home, and that you are in t he habit of doing reverence to her grey hairs. As for this person," with a nod of her poke bonnet in the direction of Mr. Hatfield, " if he' s got a mother, I can't say much for her bringing of him up. Perhaps he may be old himself one day, and stand in need of a little politeness and consideration from the young." " When I'm anxious for your good opinion, ma'am, I'll let you know," returned Mr. Hatfield. " Hatfield," said I, in a low tone, "you might behave like a gentleman." " So I will," he retorted, with a shrug, " «. ..en I find myself in company that calls for such measures." I said no more, but leaning up against the side of the door, prepared to make myself as comfortable as possible until the train should stop at Stamford, its first way station, and some descending passenger might make room forme. Reader, did you ever stand in an express train in full motion ? Did you ever feel yourself swayed backward and forward, bumping one of your phrenological developments against one side of the car, and bringing the base of your spinal column against the top of a seat at the opposite swerve of the train? Did you ever grasp blindly at nothing for support? Did you ever execute an involuntary pas seul, by way of keeping your balance, and then grind your teetn to see the two pretty young ladies beyond, laughing at your antics? If so, you will know how to ity me during the hour and a half between S and Stamford. Hatfield went to sleep and snored ; the olcl lady in the gigantic bonnet ate sandwiches and drank from a wicker flask of excellent smelling sherry ; the young lady sat as noiseless as a black veiled statue ; fretful babies whimpered ; old gentlemen uttered strange sounds in their sleep ; and the shriek of the train as it flew through sleeping villages sounded like the yell of a fiery-throated demon. " Stamford !" bawled the conductor. At last I succeeded in dropping my weary and stiffened limbs into a seat, where slumber overtook me in just a minute and a quarter, for I had been asleep on my legs once or twice even in my former disadvantageous attitude, and I could scarcely believe the evidence of my own senses when we finally thundered into the echoing vastness of the Grand Central depot in New York. Hatfield, alive to the necessity of catching a car before all the world of travellers should crowd into it, stumbled over the old lady's ankles with small ceremony. " Oh, take care ! You have knocked the squirrel cage over !" cried she. " Confound the squirrel cage !" shouted Hatfield, gnashing his teeth as the ancient dame placed herself directly in the aisle to set the furry pet up again, thereby com- pletely blocking up his egress. " Serves you right, Hatfield," said I, as I stooped to assist. Just then the young companion of our ladv advanced, flinging back her veil. "Grandma," said she, "the carriage is waiting. I'll send Thomas for the parcels. Mr. Cliftpn, I am very much obliged to you for your politeness to tny grandmother, who is unused to travelling. As to Mr. Hatfield, the less said about his courtesy the better." And Beatrice Hale's black eyes flashed disdainfully on Clarence's cowed visage. " Miss Hale," he stammered, "if I'd the least idea who you were " — " You would have regulated your conduct accordingly," impatiently interrupted Miss Hale. Thanks—I prefer to see people in their true light. Mr. Clifton," turning graciously to me, "you call and see how grandma stands her journey to-morrow, won't you ? Ob, thank you ! The carriage is close by." And to this day I believe that is the way I won my wife, for' Clarence Hatfield was a brilliant, showy sort of a fellow, who far outshone me in general society, and I think Bee was inclined rather to fancy him until that night. But she was disenchanted now for good and all. And Grandma Hale comes to see us every Christmas with a hamper of good things from Hale Farm. THE SINGLE MAN. HE meets the smile of young and old, he wins the praise of all, He is feasted at the banquet and distinguished at the ball; When town grows dull and sultry, he may fly to green retreats— A welcome visitor in turn at twonty country seats; He need not seek society, for, do whate'er he can, Invitations and attentions will pursue the Single Man. Fathers and brothers anxiously attempt his taste to suit; In every trout- brook he may fish, and every where may shoot; Political opponents to his principles concede, He quaffs the finest Burgundy, he rides the fleetest steed ; And never yet were families, since first the world began, United, bless'd, and fond as those who court the Single Man. The price of bread, the price of funds on him no ills inflict ; He fears no winter avalanche of tradesmen's lengthy bills; "Academies" and "colleges" he passes calmly by ; Nor casts on fancy dry-goods stores a sad and timid eye; The rates of life insurance he never cares to scan, " Trustees" and "jointures" boast no power to rack the Single Man. But years steal on, and he begins with careful folks to class, And shuns the picnic scramble, and the dinner on the grass; And dreads the cold spare chamber, and the crowded hall of mirth, And loves the spreading easy-chair, and blazing quiet hearth; And votes warm rooms and early hours the best and wisest plan ; But home affords few comforts to the ailing Single Man. He lacks a true and kindred heart his joy and grief to share, He lacks the winning tenderness of woman'* gentle care; No children gather round him, a beloved and loving train, Eager to win their father's smile, to soothe their father's pain— He rates his poor dependents as a mercenary clan ; Attachments come not ready-made to cheer the Single Man. He stirs the fire, undraws the blind, and counts the clock's dull chime ; And friends they sometimes sit with him five minutes at a time ; "Longerthey really cannot stay, so nervous he is grown, It seems a charity to go, and leave him all alone!" No earnest eyes to his are raised, his change ful looks to scan, The bland physician's queries must satisfy the Single Man. Physician to convalescent patient — " My bill, sir, for attendance during your late illness." Patient: "Great Scott, doctor," looking over the bill and and turning white, " was I as sick as all that ?" Time and fashion stay for no man. Jones (to Brown): " Whete can you ba running to at that railroad pace ?" Brown "Why, this is a present for my -wife a bonnet, and I am trying to arrive at home before the fashion changes." "IT'S a blessed'good thing," said Mawson, as he gazed on the ocean, " it's a blessed good thing the ocean's bottom is solid." " Why ?" " Think of what a geyser there'd k* on th' other «id« 9t the w w if it total.,' 