gia AMJiBiB'E J| JpMim 7 .'. . ' V . - "tt: f:/, : : 'i"_ ' T. ', ' 'Vf' w .f X :' ' " '" \ " f .. ' . v .: ; <;.'.;/. . -vv ' "i: -fi "!fe,r. ;f " ,-' '." , . . ; < ,-t : -: . :-- . .: . ? . . .. .. .; ..... - A X01IANS VICTOR?. ' '-v. m . v . p ". . f By "EEIOA," -/" " - ' v- . V,! ALL RIGHTS RESBRV ED. "If \-- - - CHAPTER vJXPL— BROTHER AND f&£R3BR. -Jwar Hje, lu« Goaded! Too don't tell me so! What a heartless creature She must be!" Tt la quite true, my dear. I beard It from Hiss O&terw;&U;, and Mis K&l-; t Jos Rharp «n well. "She gave Mm a sleeping draught ih&t; might have caused his death on purpose to spend the night looking through his private papers; but the Captain woke up, or didn't take it, or something, and discovered her plot. Ho left the next day — in fear of his life, I suppose." "It was a good thineJhat Captain Furnell found her ocwp did. She has made tenlblefnems'.een him and his grands«nrhat han<8#ttie young Royal Boomca|t alphas beew the means of keepintohem t forv years. Is it not terrSSHo thtofc of>, the amount of mischief j$$a gnlnVo- man can accomplish?" y "Why do you not speak about her? Surely she does what kind of guest she has invited to meet our young people? She ought to "be regarded as a dangerous character, this Gay Ftirnell." "Oh, my dear, I dare not! Mrs Rose has taken her up, and makes quite a pet of her. We must not say anything. She would quarrel with us on the spot." This was quite true. If Mrs Rose had been aware of the slander that was circulating among her guests, she would have marked her displeasure by leaving them, and shutting herself in her private rooms, if she had done no more. Gay and Frank had heard. They had seated themselves in front of an ivy- oovered screen, and the voices proceed ed from the other side of it. " And there is worse than that, if worse can be," Mrs Golded proceeded. "They say that she — " Frank took the girl's hand, and led her away. "I must go at once," she said, look ing as colorless as a white lily. She glanced at Frank with an expression of unseeing, heartbroken bewilderment that caused him to rage secretly against "those two old hypocrites," meaning Mrs Golded and her auditor. "Dear Miss FurnelL, you are looking quite ill," he said, "Come round to the hreakfastroom. No one will be there, and I can get you a glass of wine or something." "Oh, no, no," she sobbed, "I must go home. I will not stay. Oh, let me go! Let me go!" Seeing that she was too greatly agi tated to meet anyone just then with becoming composure, he brought her wraps and his own. After Insisting upon her drinking a glass of wine, the two made their way cut of the side gate, like a couple of criminals. "Did you hear what they said — that my guardian left in. fear of his life?" she whispered, still with that horror- stricken look in her eyes. "Yes, I heard the miserable slander ; I have heard it before." "You have heard it before, and did not tell me?" He laughed a little, then looked don# at her in a tender, protecting way »»» roaae ner almost begin to cry again. "Do you suppose that I should honor such mean lies by repeating them?" he asked. "Relieve me, I would shield you from all and every trouble, now and always, if I could." "You are so brave and reticent that I honor you more than I can say; but will you not now tell me what caused "the alienation between Captain Furnell and yourself. I might be of some ser vice. Could you trust me with the mat ter, do you think? I would be your friend against all the world." "I can; I do," she answered, holding out her hand to him. "I will trust you because you believe in me." He kissed the snail fingers then drew her arm through his, and Gay told him aH the story, as they walked slowly on they scarcely knew whither. Frank's indignation and grief were unbounded. He saw at once how she had been victimised. His murderous Instincts found their way into his fin gers, so that they tingled at the thought of how he' could enjoy lashing that fellow Boomeraft until he howled for mercy. Frank fully recognised that Boomcraft was Jtbe prime mover and leading spirit of the fiendish conspir acy. "Don't tell me any more! I caiinot hear to hear ft," he Med, as Gay began to describe some of her gaol ex perience "My dear little friend! iWhat you must have endured!" " Hie voice broke down. T6e thought "V,-r -7 7: ; 7.'"' . .. - \- V-'' have passed; her mental and physical suffering; and not least, her brave en durance—unmanned "I con understand the whole matter," he remarked at length, after they had walked on In silence for some time, "Miss Ransom must, have thrown you Into a mesmeric -trance and made your subsequent actions appear seriously re prehensible in your guardian's eyes." ''The thing is as plain as day. Did she ever do so before?" "Twice before I remember losing my consciousness as we sat hand in hand, I listening to and looking intently at her. On each occasion I remembered nothing more until the next morning, when I found myself in my bed. Three times I remember this happened; the fourth time she tried the trick, I be- bcame aware of her intention, and resis ted successfully." NShe told him of the last interview wfih'Lina and Its results. /'Did Captain Furnell know anything 'of all this?" "Nothing whatever." "Where is he now? I think you should write and tell him, Miss Furnell." "Oh, no! no! I could not," she answer ed. "I think that whatever he saw, he was unkind to leave me without a word of explanation; without giving me an opportunity of setting myself right in his eyes. After ail his goodness to me, and all the happy years I spent under his care, he could believe me ungrateful, mercenary, wicked, and not allow me to defend myself! No, I cannot write- to him. No doubt he grew tired of me, and was ready to believe me in the wrong." "He did not grow tired of you; I am perfectly certain of that," Frank an swered. "If he believed you in the wrong, it was because appearances were ..very much against you, Miss Furnell. I think you owe it to yourself to set yourself right with him." "Well, perhaps I will write and tell him some day," she answered, "but not yet." She turned the conversation. Very soon Frank told her all about the ter rible deed which had robbed him of friends and home, and left him the haunting suspicion that his mother's hand and heart had turned criminal tor the sake of being revenged for the wrong done to her by his father. "I will never forgive you, never! You have been the enemy of my whole mar ried life!" "These were almost the last words I heard her speak." "The next time I saw her, she andmy father wecelying in death together, and her hand held the weapon which I be lieve sent him into eternity. "Child as. I was, I knew better than to repeat her words, even to the clergy man, who bestowed a father's care and affection upon me during his life, and bequeathed his all to me at his death. "I repeat them now to you for the first time. Public feeling and suspi cion had both condemned her already. I thank God I said no word to inten sify the suspicion, which was so pro nounced and keen that my father's I friends would not allow him to be laid in the same grave with her. "Thus they were divided, both in their lives and their deaths," he added, with deep feeling, which he could ill dis semble under Gay's sympathetic eyes. "Perhaps the truth will be made clear some day," said Gay, softly. "Until it is brought to light, if It ever is, I must walk through life's ways a lonely man," he answered. "Because I am a firm believer In heredity, it is forbidden to me ever to seek a woman in love and marriage. The. sacred ties of home affections must never be mine. My feeling upon the subject Is so strong as to be unalterable." T do not believe In your murderous instincts," Gay remarked. "At least. If you have them, I share them. There are times when I fee! capable of un heard of depths of wickedness — I do, indeed." "You look like that," Frank answer ed, looking down Into the fair, sweet face upturned tp his. With its habitual expression of truth and ingenuousness, and its look of ear nest? sympathy for him just touched with a trace of archness and sense of humor, it might almost have been the face of an angel, who had received special permission to " learn laughter and mirth, and all the innoceht joys of earth life, "We ought to be brother and sister, then," said he. Every kind of affec tion te not denied me. Letmebe your brother, Mies FurnelL I will try to be a good one; I will, indeed." "What a charmlnglde!" she cried. "A brother Is— let me see— a. brother Is a rotation who may scold and he scold ed; who gets Have to light hledgar at utOgUlo wed seflwsoas— - . ' - . ., . ' ' ... y..v.v.. .... 7 V-VSW: :.\rvW-. q» «=%. i- P ;; ' ' :' ' ?T;. r-CsS."' . '--7 V " Tr WOTkfcoursaroover, puxmingly, -1. ylejy possibiU- Ftodlay ha# -a good brother;" Qey continued; "the handsomest and best glr-1 ever bad. She need to tell as about him at schooL" .. "Then I will be the next beat" "She went out rowing with Mm one ; day, and dropped his signet ring— the parting gift of a dear dead friend— Into the river. He had taken it off and giv en it Into her pare addle he rawed. She put It on her thumb and dabbled her band through the water, the eflly girl. They oouM not find it, but do you know that the kind man never eaid a single angry word. When he saw how sorry she whs, he went out and brought her the lovliest bouquet of flowers that could be got for money. "When she told us, every girl of us the school would have had him for a 'brother if we could. He never knew how many sisters he could have been possessed of If he had chosen." "I think I could be as good as that, if you were, the sister." "But I would never lose anything of yours." "Brother and sister call each other by their Christian names, do they not?" he asked. "Of course they do, Frank. Ella's brother calls her by aft sorts of odd names." "Sister Gay will be the name for me," he decided. He ratified the relationship by kissing the little hand once more; then he watched her disappear through the door of her temporary home with the satis fied air of a man who has found some thing- belonging to himself of which he (has long been in quest. When he got into his train there was only one person in it — an elderly lady of sixty- three, a lone and unprotected widow, with an extremely long, straight upper Hp, a thin, pursed- up mouth, a religious nose, a knob of hair, small, but pugnacious, and the bump of acquisitiveness. Opposite to this lady Frank took his seat, and her he &gardede; with a bland and beaming smile, being utterly un conscious of her existence and obli vious of her presence. "I was waiting for him to speak just one word," she remarked, describing the insult afterwards. "Just one word! And I'd have had damages out of him!" But for a gentleman to smile at a woman is not damageable, however enraging; so the culprit was enabled to keep his purse in his pocket. He did not mean to be rude. He was only thinking of his sister. The new relationship was duly pro claimed by the pair the next time they made their appearance at Mr and Mrs Rose's hospitable door. The announce ment was received with becoming gra vity by Mr Rose. Possibly that gen tleman's experience of l|fe was of such a serious nature that the assumption of gravity was easy of compass to him. Mrs Rose, however, departed from the room in search of a jug of lemonade, and returned with the ghost of a laugh just vanishing from her comely face. They wondered what she meant. Gay introduced her brother at Mrs Durables' mansion, also. That lady re ceived. him quite aa graciously as could be expected, and remarked to Gay after wards that he seemed one of the "harm less sort," her experience of mankind having naturally inclined her to sum marise the species into the numerous class of the violent, and the small class of the harmless. "But you'd better keep him in his place, Gay. You never know what they turn out in the end," she added, shak ing her head sepuleh rally, as she re called the vision of the misdirected flat irons. So Gay kept Mm In his place, which appeared to Include the office of family physician. In this capacity he pre scribed frequent afternoon walks for his sister and himself, to be taken In com- ; pany with each other— a prescription which induced much merry talk, and tended to foxgetfulness of such haunt ing shadows as hereditary instincts and treacherous friendships. \- Then there were Sunday evening visits to Mr Rose's house fgr the pur pose of keeping Mr Rose in spirits while Mrs Rose woe at church — a duty they performed by strolling in and out among the flowers,- -oblivions of their host, who slumbered peacefully in his verandah chair. So that they found the fraternal and sisterly bond an Immense gain and ad vantage. They would, no doubt, have remained brother and sister to this day but for an event which upset aSl Mr Went- worth's preconceived Impressions, and ; caused him to repent of the bond Into j which he had entered with such readi ness and pleasure. This event was led up to by a return to the bosom of his . family of Mr Bumbles. | It was a sptendld summer afternoon, ; clear, cool and breezy—just the sort of | afternoon to walk with one's favorite sister through the gardens and along the quieter streets, for a constitutional, j Frank knocked at the door of Mrs H&s-; ; her boardlnghous. and afterwards at the door of Number ! In the side street, according to dhtons xeceived, where he discovered Gay busy shelling peas, | In an apron of tremendous khse. I He wondered why she looked more dignified frith . Wfogr \- ... . - - „ occuptoii promised iistinctly." "So I am coining out," she answered;; "coming out in the character of a pro- I have ' found my at last. :j "But why this interest in, aqd atten tion to plants of the leguminosae spe cies, if one may as?" "Your education has evidently been neglected, or you would know that vege tables are an essential to every well- regulated dinner. With vegetables, the cold meat is a meal; without them, it is only a 'snack,' or 'a bit of something.' It is necessary to the enjoyment; of our friend, Mis Dumibles, that her evening repast should be a dinner rather than a snack, as often as possible," she re plied, with an air of grave, preceptorial dignity. "Oh, this |s Mrs Dumbles's place, Is It ?" asked a voice. They looked towards the door. A man, powerfully built, of rough and dilapidated appearance, stood -eying them curiously; then he walked in and seated himself without waiting for the ceremony of invitation. "Mrs Durables Is my old woman," he explained. "I suppose you are my daughter, my dear," he added, leering at Gay with an expression that made her shudder. "Why, lord ! I could have sworn to you anywhere. You feature tne to a T." Gay hoped withip herself that the re semblance had not reached as far as A, much less T. If she "featured" this gentleman, one of her eyelids drooped permanently, the other was darkened temporarily, also her brow receded very much more than did those of the Greek heroes, and her nose was villainous both in Itself and as to its indications of character. She questioned Frank about the mat ter later on,, and received the assurance that the likeness was a speaking one; but just now -he was looking at the man as if he <Frank) would have liked to hit out straight from the shoulder. "Old woman seems comfortable off," Mr. Dumbles remarked, "That clock cost fifteen and six, if a penny. Them chairs and side table cost money, and you could not get the looking-glass under a pound." He seemed to lapse into a pecuniary reverie with a view to the realisation of future profit. ' "Come, Gay," said Frank. "And what might your name be, my young gentleman?" Mr. Dumbles asked, suddenly rising to his position as host and master of the house. "Wentworth is my name," Frank an swered. "Not son of Vincent Wentworth, of the Manning. River?" "Mr. Vincent Wentworth was my fa ther." "Eh? Was that so? I knew all about your father, then," said the man, with an expression half scheming, half de fiant, and all villainous. "He was mur dered by the hand of " "Stop!" said Frank, stepping close to him, and looking into Mr Dumbles' eyes with a look that that worthy dH not venture to defy. "Don't be peppery, my chappie. Look , how you're frightening the young lady! Looks quite pale, she does, the pretty creetur! You'd better let me go and get her a drop of whiskey." Frank took Gay's arm and led her out. Mr. Dumbles called after them hos pitably, "Look round some night, when you've a mind for a pleasant chat, sonny. I might be able to give you some news about your people." "Here is a deplorable turn of affairs," said Gay, with a dismayed face, when the two were walking away together. "Oh, that poor Mrs. Dumbles! What will she do?" Frank did not answer, and walked on in silence for some tim& Jtjfl "Of what are you thinking Gay asked at last. "You ha$fe biaen twirling your moustache forsake JSkt five minutes. You have alwusssoil thing brilliant to say at the tteT3 operation, as I know by expenaSjgfe/' t He smiled, and drew her handWllkin his arm; for it was growing duskXT-j "There are several ways of trwirlhqj; a moustache," Gay continued. "There is the supercilious twirl, as when a girl's face and frock does not please the male fellow-creature; there is the conceited twirl be affects when he looks down up on other people from his own high opinion of himself; then there is the thoughtful twirl which comas on of It self, in which you have been taanigfag for some time. On the whole, I con sider that it takes a really clever, sen sible man to twirl & moustache nicely." "I was only thinking whether this fel low could really tell me anything about my people." "Has bo one else ever told you any thing about them, Frank ? None of your relatives, for Instance?" "My relatives are all in New South Wale I have seen none of them stoee 1 I was token away from them nineteen years ago. My godfather, who brought me itoi you know, Gay-t-J" T remember." "He was always very reserved In the expression of his opinions concerning the terrible event which cost tfce.ilves, J>t ay. fagttt fga mother. WJen J»» V\' K-.'J - v ,."1.- "J V. , / . V-v./ . t- - b1 ,r: "i-" and thoute>SuyritJL Latdw " however, ! have resolved to come t? a ; H full understanding and knowledge -of alt .. the circumstances of that sad mystery.' 'T think you we quite right to do sd/ - % Frank." . . "I have two months' leave of absence from, office, and have determined to vlsi£ my mother's sister who lives in Port Macquarie; also to revisit my native place." "Shall you be away for the whole of the time?" "Very likely. Shall you miss me at all, do you think?" he asked rather, tremulously. "Miss the beat brother in the world $ Why, of course, T shall miss you very very much." He wished that she had been leaa ready to make the admission, and ai little more shy about it. : i < CHAPTER XX— FRANK DISCOVERS HIS MISTAKE. With such a mother! faith M>«'woman- kind, Beats with his blood, and trust in all things high, Comes easy to him; though he trip and! fall He shall not -blind his soul with clay." "Ellen, I want to ask you about one or. two little things," said Frank, the same night, coming into the spotless kitchen' of his house, and taking his seat upon the table. "Dear me, Ellen ! how you keep things so beautifully bright is bey.ond my understanding. You must be scour ing and polishing all day long. I never see anybody else's place like It." This speech was an attack upon Ellen's vanity at a vulnerable point, as this artful man was very well aware, to keep " her boy's" house In rigid order and spotless cleanliness was the main object of Ellen's life ; not to mention that she was naturally oi painstaking, conscientious worker, un satisfied until she had done her very utmost. She was a rather stern featured wo man of forty, with no pretence or affec tation of youthfulness in her dress or manner. The dress was of plainly-cut black stuff, with neat cap and apron. Sha "hated finery." The manner was un compromising, and rather severe — the manner of one who petted very small trifles until they grew into great' troubles, and went more than half way to meet them. A pessimistic character rather burdensome as a domesticity, but faithful and staunch was Ellen. Frank had been In her bad graces lately by reason of unpunctuality at dinner times, and on account of wear ing a general air of abstraction unusual to him. "Coming in nearer seven than six, and the cutlets turning to chips, and! everything spoilt !" she would say In dignantly. "Though, to be sure, ha doesn't seem to know or care a bit what; he's eating, and hasn't for months past." Then she would shake her head! dismally as one who feared the worst. "Yes," she answered him as he sat looking about him appreciatively "You'll never get any ope else to do for you Hke I've done, and knit new feet to your socks, and make youc ribbed winter -singlets, and all the other things that & man takes as cool anil careless as if they grew of themselves without trouble or care." One of the troubles Ellen met half Way was her fear of a possible mis tress. "I know that, Ellen," he answered "I never mean to ask or expect anyone else to do them for me. I know my own interest better." Ellen smiled, pacified, and passed intq high good temper at once. "Ah, Master Frank !" she said. "Tv« cared for you since you were a tiny fellow, no longer than my knitting! ggeedle." PEllen," he said, "have you no little d&ngs; that used to belong to my; rag&er; or my mother? Of course, I! dogsjic mean valuables, but little things th .should treasure for their asso- yciaSms; any old letters or papers,: Xe< jfanfjgyr"" JHe frus watching her face. He sal( |to«tAhe changed color a little at thfl Sedition of the word "papers." She did not answer at once. She ap peered to be weighing some grave sub ject mentally. < "Have you, Ellen ?" be persisted. T have something valuable that. 1 have been keeping for you all thesot years — ever since your poor "father audi mother died," she answered slowly, one who had made up her mind an last. "Something that will make yea? fortune. Master Frank." 1 ' "Dear me, Ellen 1 that's a good bear ing; especially as my face will never be my fortune. Let us see the mhglo spell, wfll you V no laughing matter, flflhfii "Frank! r inra ht to fltoe toem u|r<£ you toe day you wag twenty-one, loir, you was nothing but a slip of a'toQfc with no head for anything but them awful bboks, and then go oat fo| cricket I own t&t; 'youW £etlt«i£r 5 little bit more of man lately/- 1 "Thank you, Ellens' - [?] 