SUNDAY READING, » '???? (Solootod by tho Rov, G. E, Rowo.) THE DAY WHICH THE LORD HATH MADE. BY THB HOT. R. CORLBTT COWUIjIj, 1 This is tho day whioh tho Lord hath inndo ; we will rejoice and bo-glnd iu it.'— Piulm oxviii. 24. Om1 lifo is mainly ono of duty and trial j and this holy day, whioh is moant to bo a source of gladnoss and Btrongth to us should bo roirui'dod as a vory pro oious boon. For wo aro easily discour aged ; and to lose hoard is to mil a proy to woaknoas and failure Depression is f oeblenoss, and foeblonoss in a lifo like ours is a groat calamity, Yot many aro subjoot moro or loss to depression in thoir opi ritual lifo, Somo poraona, wo grant, from a happy combination of tomporamont and oirouih&tauoo;, Boom evortollvoon tho Bunuy side. Thoir faces aro porpotually bright, and thoir volcoa ohoory, and apparently they aro never haunted by foars or porploxitios. No gloom from tho mysterious world boyond ovor floatos ovor thoir buovant spirit. No dronohing fogs of doubt en wrap tho landscapoor thoir lifo, and no shivering ioo-winda of sadness piorco thorn through And through, If any shadow's fall, thoy aro fow and fleeting as thoso oast by tho light clouds that swoep ttoroaa tho lnndaoupo on a radiant Bummorday. Bntporsons ofthisolass aro fow. Ourrausiois too ronotobo in tho mlnoi' key. In most Hvo3 thoro aro ? rainy dnys,' days whon tho light is darkened, and gladnoss huflhod, and strongth' for God's Borvioo woll-nigh paralyBod, and wo ought to bo pro Boundiy thankful for this Baorodfuatival of worship that llfta uaaway from our solvos into communion with tho Lord of tho Sabbath, and thus invigorates us with Divino joy, 'and oaro lios slum- boring on tho lap of poaoo.' It is not: nocossary to prosont the argu ments for tho Divino origin of tho Sabbath, and tho obligation that is still winding on us to sanctify it. It ia oulll olontto say horo thatitwos iustitutod as soon as oroation was finished, as a memorial of that stupendous work, as a day of rost from labor, as a foatlval of worship and of apodal bloasing from God. On Sinai it was placed, by Divine auth ority, among tho prooopts of tho moral law, and onjoinodas a perpetual ord inanoo on all' generations. Further, ' tho Lord' of our text is ono with ' tlio Lord' of tho Now Tostamont, who as sumcfl tho titles and olaims tho pro rogatlvon of Jruovah, Tho Person Who iu this Psalm ia doolarod to havo 'made' this holy day is tho samo. Porson as tho 'Son of Man,' Who Ms Lord of the Sab bath.' And He, Who appointed this (lay at tho oroation and sanotiflod it, has without doubt sanctioned tho alter ation of tho day- from tho sovonth to tho flrat day of tho wook. It has thus bocomo tho'momorialof Hisownrosur rootion from tho doad, whioh is tho primal fount of ffladnoBS to His pooplo. Aamodintorial Lord, Hohonorodtho first day of tho wook by Bonding down thoreon tho Holy G host, tho Lord aud Giver of LICo. Aud when tho disoiplos full of that oloaiyoyod wisdom which tho Divino baptism had conferred, wont forth to proclaim tbo glad tidings of salvation, tho ovorywhoro obsorvod, not tho old Sabbath, but tho first day of tho wook. And thisday St. John nuniod, for all timo, ' tho Lord's day.' ' This is tho day whioh tlio Lord hath mado' the day which oolobratcs tho complotion of tho Croation, and tho or didatlou of a stated porlod of roab for mankiud,whon ' tho morning stars sang together, and all tho sons of God shout ed for joy' j thisday on whioh tho Christ triumphed ovor doath aud tho grave, and tho sons of God sang again, and this was tho strain - 'Lift up your hoads. Oh ye gatoa j and bo yo lift up, yo ever lasting doora 1 aud tho King of glory shall oomo in ' j this day which marks thodoscont of tho Holy Ghost, Who looood tho fottorod tongao of doubt and sorrow, and flllocl tlio waiting hoarts with gladnoss, It is not a fitting thing that wo should rojoico aud bo glad in this day P Porhaps thoro Is not na muoh pure joy in this land' of ours on tho Lord's day na thoro usod to bo in tho oarly days of ouv fathers. Thu uol'ouui of tho railway ongino, tho hoavy roar of trafllo, tho buBtloin tho stroots, tho orowds of ploaaui'O'Bookors— all thin contrasts un favorably with tho mmnorioa of forty years ago. Then tlio pooplo in larger numbors roveronood tho Sabbatluis God's day, and tho sanctuary as a spot saoi'od to thought aud to worship j and all lifo was of ten lifted hlghor, into a grand manliness, and into swoot, solomu rojoioing, by tho study of inspirod truth by kneoling togothor at tho ' throno of graco'. Can nothing bo done to rodeom tho Sabbath from the ouoroaohmonts of tho ploasuro-loving multitude and tho rostlosa politician, and to rostoro its spiritual brightness P Parents oan do tt great doal to mako tho home a happy place ou thiaday. Lot thorn provido suitable books for thoir children 1 books full of intoroat 1 books of missionary travel aud incidont, or vroll-writton dolinoatiou of noble Chris tain oharaotors j fascinating books like tho Lifo of John' Colevidgo Pattoson, or that of Mtiokay of Ugiinda \ ov tales of tho highest type, of whioh Scripture tenoning ia tho substanoo. Sunny books.that iutroduoo into tho soul puro Christian thoughts and lofty idoao are as priceloss valuo, Tlioy bow tho naturo with soeds of light and gladnoss. And muslo and Christian song and unfailing sources of brightness, It is a boautit'ul thing for parents to fostoi1 this lovo in tho homo. What could bo moro de lightful than tho asoent; of holy melody from tho ilresido to tho Author of all our good P Something must bo said about tho brifihfcjuingpf tho houso of God. Tho' simotuary ought to bo tho most joyful of places, utterly removed from duluess ana monotony, Everything about it should bo oharged with gladness. The atmosphere should bo olootrlo with happened, Hymn and Psalm, and prayer, should contribute and elova tion of thought and fooling. A woll ordered service will toud to soouro this ond : harmonious singing, apreaohor who knows whereof ho spoaks, and speaks it with tho aooout of oonviotion, which never grates on tho rovorent spirit ) reality in tho devotional oxorcisos blonded with sympathy and tondorueBS, and tho strain of gratitude that oarrioa us up, through Christ, into tlio light of tho. Father's lovo. But a preparod hoartmustconioboforoaUolsQ. Wo must bo in tuno. Tho joy of Bauotnary sorvlco must bo a joy oxoooding ropontanco, whioh prepares tho way for it as winter proparos tlio grouud for tho road; a joy that springs up within, whon wo boliovo personally iu tho Saviour. It is no mystio inuaouco, whoso sourco is un known to us. Tho Now Toatamont gives a oloar acoount of it 1 ' Wo joy In God through our Lord Jeuus, by Whom wo havo now rowivod tho atonoinont.' 1 Tho God of hopo fill you with all joy and poaoo in bolioving, that yo may abound Iu hope, through tao power of tho Holy Most.* . Tho gladness of tho holy day 'a t'10 Olmroli ttf Jesus is mwe. ^mn a naturally happy tomporamont, moro than tho flro of oxoitomont, moro than tho offorvesconco of strong fooling oroatod by oarnost words Bpokon in prayor or proaching ; it is tho rojoioing of thoso who know tho Lord of tho Sabbath as thoir Friend ; who havo found thoir Holneo iul-Iifl lovo, and thoir dofonco in His powor ; who havo loarnt, or aro loarning in tho placo of tho Holy, that submission is tho koy to rest of heart. (To bo continuod.) 