RACECOURSE RAVfLMENTS. (By HUGH KALYPICS ) I met a man who had been to the raoes; npon my word he did not look like a lunatio; I don't think be was one, because be said to xne—"Mr. Hugh Kalypfeua, you'r e a sensible •ort of felloW—showing hit perspicuity— "now what do you think of an ass who goes to the races on Saturday and Gnp Day, and let's himself be guided by the women and bis friends aa to what he shored put on the tote?" < " Well," I said, jast a little bit flattered by his direct appeal to my common sense, whioh so few. people have acknowledged, especially •my own kindred, "well, you know, women 'somehow hit the right point without knowing [anything about the why or the wherefore. It is a kind of an instinct they seem to have that we men don't possess." He paused, and added reflectively — | "Perhaps—it—is—because—they don't liquor i«p f '' J tut ao," I eaid, remembering my own bad "luok and enndry English ales between the acts, "women want to keep their heads level if they expeot to oope with man" (and we both expanded our ohests and planted our feet mire firmly on the ground—out of eye - shot of our- better halves) — '"Women, well, women are, ahem! Women cannot oome within oooey of us men, they cannot) ah—they seem, well, inferior—ah, notable, you'know, to grasp the—well, to see into the—well, to understand the, ah totalizator —women—" I went <on, when my friend interrupted, and said— "Your wife is waving her parasol to you. I think she wants you." I disdained to turn round; but in thede- . tetrained manner habitual to me and Charley Kingston I said "Come and have a drink." We came, we bad, and we drinked. My friend said— j "Touohing these raoes, I haven't struok a •ingle thing—not even a sweep ! When instinct prompted me to go on the winning horse some confounded fool got in my way •nd put me off it." "Put you off it?" "Yes; put me off it, and on to a horse that didn't get placed. Why, when I said I had suoh confounded bad luok that if I backed the first horse, the last was sure to come in ahead, and I meant to put a pound on First Bolt, because he was the last on the list, and (here ooour several lurid adjectives which the moral oompositor would sooner strike out than set up) a neat groomy ghost of gumption gene .gravelled, suggested that I should split the difference and take the middle borse. I did. and if he was not near the middle at the finish X don't know where he was." I tried to console him. "My dear old chap, don't out up rough ; you're not the only one. In the last race on Cup Day I saw Pat Auld, or some Burnsider like him, backing 'Burnside.'' Good,' said -1, ' Pat knows bis way about; I'll venture a pound on "Burnside," I'm in the distriot, and Imight get my rates back.' Did I baok him? Not a bit of .it'. Some animal called 'Clytemany thing else expletive), oalled Clyteemnestra,'because it reminded me of one 4 of Bret Harte'e characters, took my fancy, and now we are not on speaking terms. * Burnside' wonj and still I have to pay the rates ont of my own pooket, instead of out of the totalizator. In future I don't take Bret Harbo as a tipster." After another drink, my friend (it was Mclntyre) said he missed the big dir. First Bolt paid. "So did all but nineteen odd," said I, "if I had known that First Bolt was going to win, do you think I would not have backed him?' I 1 asked with an air and tone that brooked no contradiction. He did not attempt it. He said in a deprecatory sort of way, as though impressed by my argument, that he hai no doubt several others would have done the same. "Several," I interrupted, with an assumption of lofty disdain. "Several! I should think there would be quite a number." This appeared to impress him, and he eaid sadly— " I have enough for two shouts and a sandwich, will you come? We can toss up for the sandwioh." I magnanimously let him annex the sandwioh. I know the kind of sandwioh; it is half the round of the loaf out thin, an insertion of tough beef or ham, and people generally eat the bread and throw the meat or bam down in the ton. This sort of eandwioh,.if itoould be trained and rip on the course, oould stay out every raoe. I ate one and it "stayed" till the following even ing. A fellow eaid to me after the raoes— " D'you have any luok ? No; well, no more did I. Had SBveraP'morals'—moral certainties—but everything outside of * morals' seemed to oome in, and other people got the div." "They generally do; as far as I have seen, in a mixed community morals are by no means a oertainty, although they are backed by so large a section of the community, whose representatives never gave their piarents a moment's anxiety." "Oh, well, I don't know about that; if they don't back a horse they gamble in some way or other. Business is first cousin to gambling; it is all on the ohance of a ' spec turning out right, and in eome cases it is a 1 moral." 