? IN A FLORIDA "SINK." A TERRIBLE FALL INTO THE BARTH—A PONY LOST IN THE QUICKSANDS. 1 £ (Btf E. S. TRAYMORE.) My parents -moved from their old home ia Ohio to the eastern part of Florida when I was twelve years of age. The following year, on my thirteenth birthday, a little " cracker" pony named Bob was given me by my lather lor my own especial use. "To be yours, my son," said my father, "just so long as you treat him kindly. If you neglect him or misuse him I shall take bim from you. Now lead him to the barn and get him into good shape as quickly as possible. Poor ieliow! He has bad an extremely hard life among those cattlemen, and I bought him to-day out of .-sheer n: any, people would have thought Bob, forlorn and unkempt as he then appeared, a rather difficult subject to get into good shape, but I brw great possibilities in him, and the tangle of saml-spurti, burr-grass, and pine-pith ooze with which his mane and tail were decorated did not dishearten me. Although be did not prove to be as intelligent as I had hoped, he was so gentle and comical in his matter-of-fact way, and be grew to be so pretty, as bis bright, clear-bay oat shone under the daily curry- ing, that I soon loved him as the apple of my eye. Bob and I became inseparable, literally by day and by night, for many and many a hard weary tramp did we have away off in the dark'pine woods long after sundown searching this/way; and that after our little bunch of cattle, which would persist in joining other bands and wandering miles sway. . s Bob was always obedient except in one way. Boberastieseemed he dearly loved a frolic, and if be could contrive to slip the halter, or bridle lrom hit head off be would go/leading inea pretty chase for hours. Many a time after a long afternoon's work hoeing in. a neighboring orange grove have I walked iome with Bobleading the way 'ust so far ahead that I could catch nothing i >ut his heels—which I knew better, thin to touob—-I canying the bridle, while Bob gaily brought the saddle upon his back. Fathdr used to. laugh heartily when he saw us thus coming along home together, and declare, that .Bob believed in a division of labor. 4 1 You carry the bridle and he will carry the saddle," he Would say. " No, no, boy! Don V beat him for that trick! It would do no good and end in making him afraid of you. Be patient Tie your.-line tighter next time and it won't happen very often but way. Bob's a clever little fellow and he loves his Joke; that's all." So Bob and I were the,best of friends till my fifteenth year, whan my father do cided to abandon the little clearing he had made and accept the situation of, manager on af large, tobacco plantation ia West Florida. -Oar journey overland was made ia « waggon very similar to a " ptaiciaechooner," which was drawn by two stout males, while Bob and I followed in the tear. '' On the, way we.shot .wild turkeys, rabbits, And occasional deer; partridges and quail were' as plentiful as are the sparrows in Boston C imnion. We travelled elowly and greatly enjoyed our tree out-of-door life. Thi load was ?igh f , for the occupants of oUr wagcjqu were my father and mother and baby sister, and we carried but a small stock of household goods. After three, weeks of -this pleasant journeying we : Wero near cur destination. b Already the sandy soil had changed to limestone'ridges in many places, and travelling was mucn eafiier. for the trails were fitmerand betterdtfined. One/beautiful morning I was riding slowly along beBide the waggon, wbeD, chancing glanca down on a grass-grown track that led 4 into; ihe forest, I spiod a wild turkey far away;.' ' "I<et me have a shot, father," I exclaimed. i " Don't wait, pleaso. Drive on and £11 soon overtake you." This had been my caetom all along; so with only the inuch needed warning to look for " eiakii"—for wo were now in the region where these stranga cavities in the earth were found in all directions— they v drjJve on and I turned Bab. carefiiHy into »be troods,pursuingthe handsora e, shy fcW that still *tood motionless. Then the turkey caught sight of me and flew further back into the depths of the forest. Incautiously I followed, forgetting my fathers warning After eome time, the length of which was not noted by me in tny great eagerness for my prize, I eucc&eded; in getting within easy shooting range. To my chagrin I missed the bird, which sappeared before I could reload my rifle in a tbick scrub, Into which I dared not venture. Wildcats and bears not infrequently bide in dari clumps of palmetto. Itheniumed Bib, meaning to get back to the main trail, but to my dismay I could not tell which way to go, nor from which point of the compass we had come. I gave Bob the rein, but after a few starts be grew bewildered and Btopped short, Beemiog to share in my confusion. Quickly shouting a number of ehrill cattlecries, I listened Intently for a reply; but the breeze was strong and undoubtedly carried my voice in the wrong direction. In the absorbing interest of the turkey-hunt I had probably wandered a full mile from the place where we had first entered upon the chase. Ia a Florida pine forest, where one tree 1b precisely like thousands of others, to find one's way is always difficult. I knew very well that I was in a dangerous position.' J net then I noticed an opening between the trees at seme distance. With a faint hope of fiadiog the trails I put the ipurs gently to Bob. All at once Bab plunged heavily. As I tried to pull bim to his feet the ground gave way beneath us and with a eickening sense of helplessness we sank down, down, down, I knew not where. I was half-suffocated by the Band and rubbish that came pouring upon us in showers. Clinging to Bob with all my strength I buried my face desperately in his heavy mane. Together we plunged with a heavy splash into a roaring torrent of icy water. Instantly tb« fierce current Bwept us onward in the bed of a b'ack and unknown subterranean riverj and I knew that we had fallen through a soft place in the earth into one of those; death- traps known in the limestone regions ae " sinks." Sly breath, was almost gone, but my strength gained with despair. Bob struggled furiously at first, but bis efforts were useless against the mighty force of the torrent. At last, too much exhausted for further effort, we floated along with a black datkness. A heavy blow against a hanging rock warned me not raise my heai, for the tunnel through which' we were going was evidently low. I expected death at any moment, either from crushed skull or from drowning, for poor Bob was becoming exhausted under my weight and chilled as well. I knew the plucky little fellow must soon succumb. Suddenly I felt Bob's back firm beneath me, as if he had touched bottom with his feet. He certainly was walking and the water seemed to lessen in depth. A few more steps and be stood shaking and gasping out of the water, while I heard the roar of the stream we had just left a little distance away at my right hand. I conjectured that there were two tunnels which joined here and that the one into which Bob had fortunately turned was the bed of a tributary scream, full during tbe summer or rainy seasons, but now in April almost dry. A iaint glimmer of light at a distance gave me new hope and we started towards LB sHguv K^u* vn thiB slight gleam ol dBy UOJ. Bob hesitated and snorted loudlv as we I crept slowly along, dreading some new pitfall. But the light grew stronger and we were soon alle to make out our path. At last we came to a sharp bend in the waterworn tunnel. Once around the bend a flood of the rightest, of the warmest, of the most welcome rays of God's sun poured down upon our wet and shivering bodies ! How my courage came back under its reviving influence! I looked about joyfully, but discovered that we were still in a prison. The sunlight had not given ns cur freedom. All its brilliancy came down upon us through a wide opening m the rock sbovdi We were in a space eome twenty feet square. Along one side ran a hne ol solid limestone, which formed a path some three feet wide, while the remainder ol the floor seemed like a bed of damp sand. for quite a distance Vhile I walked on to make discoveries. Some four or five hundred feet farther on I came to an intewecting tunnel, down whose depths I again saw another faint glimmer of sunshine. We were not very deep in the bowels of the earth, lor our fall probably had not been more that twenty feet. I fancied we might find a better way out in this direction. I whistled to my pony to come to me. He did not notice my call. I whistled again and again; and then, fearing some new trouble, hastened back to the place where I had left him. As I approached a strange whinnying sound alarmed me and I ran with all speed, blaming my thoughtlessness in leaving him alone, for I well knew bis habit of moving about when left untied. Where was he ? Not where I had left him. Poor Bob ! His uneasiness had led him to wander about the sandy section of tbe river-bed and I came back only to find him struggling is tbe fatal grasp of a quicksand. He had already sunk as deep as his body, but was desperately trying to climb out, cat-fasbion, upon the firm edges of the limestone path. As he was close to the side and within reach with all my strength I pulled Bnd urged until I saw that my etfjrts were only making matters worse. Ob, for a rail to put beneath him. But I might as well have prayed for a derrick, for both were beyond possible reach. I grew desperate and ran wildly up and down, screaming for help. Then I knell at Bob's head and bagan hysterically to pet my pony as he sank lower and lower. Poor little Bob! My faithful pony His soft eyes pleaded fcr help, for hi? strength was going fast and his struggles were ceasing. He stretched out his head towards me, whinnying in a strange moaning way, and licked my hand gently with his tongue as I stroked his soft nose and delicate ears. His neck and head alone now remained for the sand had silently and steadily closed over his body. Again I rose to my feet and shouted for help. As my frantic voice echoed and re echoed through the dreadful silence I fancied I heard an a&Bwering; cry. I listened straining my ears, but I beard nothing ex eept the notes of a cardinal bird singing outside in the free world to its mate in the shady woods, Bob mast die. There was no hope but could I see him suffocate so slowly and cruelly before my very eyes ? Would not his death be easier if a bullet conld be sent quickly through his brain and to B&ve; him the last agonising struggles ? Already his neck was submerged and only his poor head lay stretched upon the surface, while his loving, despairing eyes were turned toward my own. Could I? Yes j it must be done. My rifle had fallen off long before, but my pistol was sfcill faBt in my belt. The caitridges were water-proof, and I found the weapon in good order. Fiercely fighting away the tears which, lam not ashamed to say, were pouring down my cheeks, I threw all my strength of will into my trembling hands to steady them, and the merciful deed was done. I arose to my feet dizzy and trembling. As I stood looking down at tbe strange death-trap a strange thing happened. There was a slight movement over the surface of the sand and I hastily retreated some twenty feet. Then silently as a breadth the place where my Bjb had met his fate disappeared from sight! I gazed in wonder, terror, and doubf, but it was true. Before me was now a yawn- ,i«g P». Irresistibly attracted I crept cautiously to the edge and looked d.w. into tbe black depths, As the sunshine gradually made obj'ctivieible I saw same thirty feet below me ' hr steely glitter of another rushing snbterranear iiv»-r. Another " sink" had occurred, hastened undoubtedly by cur struggles. Shndderiug and new completely unnerved I drew back and ran wildly away. Oh, to gain the outer world. Should I ever find my way to it. I turned down tbe tunnel leading to the 8ec3nd glimmer of light, running heedlessly along. The distance seemed endless, but my brain was on fire. How long I ran I do not know, but the gloom lessened rapidly as I approached the brighter goal ard with a loud cry of joy I sprang ol last out i^to the open forest. Then I felt sure that I heard human voices, I paused for an instant to be quite certain, then called loudly for htlp. There ground just I tap our own white-topped " prairie-schooner" come tearing tHrongh the pines to my rescue. For & moment i laughed loudly in my excitement, then became unconscious. I remember reviving sufficiently to see my mother's face bending over me, haggard with anxiety, and I cried out—" 0 mother, mother! Bob 1 Bob is dead—and I shot him 1" Then I knew nothing more. They told me after my recovery from the five weeks of fiver into which the shock had thrown me—for I was never a robust lad—(hat I had been missing about three hours. My father as soon as he missed me, asked the help of a party of cattleman who fortunately passed. They knew tbe country well and iu their search soon found the place where we had plunged into tbe "sink"—proved beyond doubt by the presence of my rifle lying close to the brink. Although the cattlemen regarded me as lost tor ever, they advised hastening to an opening in tbe ground about a mile aw ay, which they knew might be safely entered. They hoped that it might connect with tbe stream into which we had fallen. So the party divided and under the guidance of two of the rangers my father and mother proceeded across the country to this opening. There they found me, as I have told, a mere ghost of myself, wet and torn, battered and dishevelled. I am now twenty-five years of age eni have owned several horses since the death of Bob, but none can ever revive the affection tbat my boyish heart cherished ten years ago for my faithful little cracker pony.— Boston Youth's Companion, 