LITERAL TJJRE What, if anything, can 'a • rational'creataire "who has studied and nndorstood' the work of any poet, -great or i.-mall, from "Houior down to Slff Cbu'', ',r."r. I,i;<'.ro.tiuK ti"wc to MarUftl, from DabtVddWU to-M.-'tjintasin, from Villop -dowii to V-blbiiro; from Slialrn: ou're down to, Eyron, find to to iippwvoor to condone in the work of Waiter Whitman? jTo this very rea?onable-and invevilab^e question the answer is not far to sock. I have myself repeatedly IpointedlPUt!—it may be (I have often been told so) with too unqualified sympathy and. too uncritical enthusiasm—the qualiHes which givca certain touch of greatness to his. .work, tlio Eources' of inspiration which - infuse - into it-s chaotic jargon some passing or seeming notes of cosmio beauty., and diversity wifcii somotliinff of occasional harmony, the strident and barren discord of its' jarring and erring .atcmn. His sym-, puthiea are usuaily i^enerouH, - his views of life are occasionally just, arid his views of death are invariably uoble. .In^oiher words he generally means well, haviug a gojd stock on hand of hone&t; emotion ; ho some rimes .sees well, having a natural sensibility, to such aspects of nature as appoul to an oyo -rather quick than penetrating; he seldom writes :well, being cabined, cribbed, ctinfiDed, bound in to the limits of a thoroughly un natural, imitative, histrionic, aud affected Gilbertian humour cannot be affiliated to other forms of humour. Its primary cbarao teristic is, however, conspicuous enough. It proceeds upon an intellectual basis. It appoals to the logical sense, Tt applies ratiocination, the processes of puro intellect, to regions governea in actual life by instinctive habit, the will, blind forces of nature. Tho:usual outcome of this is what, is commonly known as Mr. Gilbert's ' topsy-turveydom.' . That France loves her children is ehown'by tho fact that never in art or literature hai she made them vulgar.', Neither in birth - nor' in ii^faccy. have' their nurslings been 'ihftde comtnon Trith the dulness of habitualjlifo. Hie children of France had neither Sterne nor Dickens on thn wutch for the humour .ojt tho "natfl Four!"-"And-tlie lifcEle girl la's nivjir in France t worn .the tediousness of the house/ the street^ andl^bb^nbii^bfe as she has worn'iit in England. Nor has she, on the other hand, borno the hurden of the elieapost of -all' ornament, as a ready-made subjoct of bad j >lfiklutes'.'' Ami te'plenty'^f kaedibcrityIn France, as elsewhere. But it has never absorbed French children. " , As a. scieDpe, fepgraphjr,. poin^ .with her magic wand i^ot ^nly.1tp(,t}ie tcrriistijifl..bjitto the celestial globe. Sho teaches us lo .read the secret of things above and things' below, of the movements of. the.stars no lets ,.thap the dirk genesis of 'sorae -decp :ocean current, of cradle, of the winds, 'of the birtli of the'olouds of tbe falling of grateful showers, of the roaipig of the mighty.trade winds, of the tlufnd&fous; fury of the/devastating hurricane; she tells us Why the 'stagnant pools are foul, why tho breath 'of 'sweet-lipped "morn is fragrant, wliy:thc morning mists are formed, why thp skies are clear; she lectures to tis on the economy of the ocean, the equipoise of the elements, the ever-surging mutations from pole to pole. ,; • A man or womau who lives frugally, who takes tho simple food he vras. made to subsist on nud no m^re, who drinks,the one natural, fluid, .water, who lives,'in. regard to .eating and drinking, the natural. life, is 'fitted pri-j marily for the.best life, the .strongest, the. most active, the most enduring. Fresummjr he is born of. gpod and. whowsoine coiisutation, ho iftLheu, except for, aocidnnuil des- .traotiye Agencies'.in a fair way. to„ jive'five times his maturity, that.ii'five tiiqea,^enty one years, the,natural tori?, of,-hfsianatomical lifo—one hundred and five years—a term few reach, but which is attainable as a matter' of natural law, and,.the .majority, would attain it . if they lived on proper , food and Jrink. Our forefathers'pressed their views, whatever they might be, at the poinc.of '.the pike and by the persuasive force of the good y ardehofti -They, ioew wfcat. they beiievod, and tluy.intendodthaipieothersihoalA.aknowdt' too.. Weil for those who yrere content• to' follow- as thejr were led, and who forcbore "to question the absolute wisdom of their masters! Wittiusion the contrary, everything is pasted through the fire of doubt autl criticism; and who would now burn or be burned for'a dogma? Tn6hpirit of agnosticism basdisplacci '.,as.;.trrion and opened the door to possibility^ and tiie 'May be' on (ho one side balances She ' Is it so?' -on the .other: This gives a wide&outlook; over all. theitracts of human .thou/u; but .it is less comforting to the souls which need certainty fo^ttoS support. - Mrs. Lynn Linton. - . IC . - .Contemporary politics liave bccomc aeort ofen^swsystem cf'Kootoo* to the work-j ing daaKc^. It is as ptrticulor. f riends and ] humble servants that statoTOon.and jidliticiaus of all shades and colours are now in the habit of. founding their chief and most urgent ciauns to the con.1 denes aiii approval ot the public. No scheme which pretends to advanoe_ the welfare of the working daws, material, inteUeotual, or mornl, <s too extravagaut or VM absurd for respectful and sympathetic attention. It appears to bo taken for grained, indeed, that '.hey are to bo roiarded a« an exceptional and' privueged order in the State, who are' to lie expected 10 do nothing for themselves; Manual labour. it seems to be assumed, is tbe whole. Wjity of ) man; when5t ib accomy»ljVued, itemincipa^es the pecformen from all the odinitry'obliga- ' lions and 1^ responsibilities w£ioh tbo rest of. tho oommunity arc compelled to fulfil and endure.—World, Despite the generally assumod connection bctwton ghosts, pork-pios, and tho works of such writtTK a< Sheridan Le Fanu, diet docs not determine the torrn of a dream ; other* wise, those of m who are ofton visited by tho visions of the dark would sup, now on a salad of rose leaves, now on a well lfung grouse, and agnin on foods of grosser fibre. Anothot man will fancy ho has solved the riddle when be says that dream; aro pictures woven on tho tapestry of tho nigbt by an uncontrolled imagination. ThiB goes a step further than the undigested blot-of mustard theo'zy. '.'But how comes it that the imagination has escaped control? How should it play anties'of whicb its wide awake sobriety is incapable, and ball your other faculties— the will; the memory—to join its soundless revelry? Another man sets down all dreams as supernatural, and holds that they, like ourselves, are— no other thah a moving row Of tnagio shadow-shapes, that oome and g° . Round with sun illuminated . lantern held In. midnight by the Master of the Show. • That,*again, explains without elucidating. In the present state Of our knowledge we must always hpid the.door ajar for the supernatural.' Tho, youngster who' passes half ; his time in lolling ft' the bow-jpndow of his oliib is no longer content'to decide small questions: to award the guerdon of beauty, to give his opinion on .the ninnmg at the ^ger, topronounce'Mpin"it''b , i'tSiffl Jie^^thi nffltt sensation of tho burlo»quo( ,'H»ge.; He mhy^ still have th^byebf'"a : c^ribisseurin^ female charms; may decree the faShioK of 1 a'tie^tl^e shape of a coat, thfi^buttoning or 'unbuttoning of a glove. Bnt ho 'sd'ars far higher; his mind seeks greater ''cqiijiuoats. - He 'aipires !-td tackle litemturo, science, und tile arts;'ho will rulo tho ppsitions of authors, ^eck to : make,or mir rdpi^tati/in«, : evon of thb great 'tliinVers ahS'loadors'bf the world. Although incapable of koen observation he pretends, to bo a master W ^Mtjiss '; unable ; to rcnfion soundly or log^ca^y, having' ab yet niodo no pretence to performance, Defbre he'ean say Foci' ho takes' Dixi' as his motto in life, and is as unhesitating in his fiats as an irresponsible king. His judgments aro as unyielding as they are inept; they aro as sweeping as tho newest of brooms, as severe as thoy are generally unjust. In my earliest days in London they produced on the stage Tennyson's 1 Promise of May.' I was present ut that frightful fiasco •Tho play was not a good ono, but its failure that night was not so much due to its artistic defects as to its daring treatment of morals. It presented the conventional seducer, of innoecnce not as a ruffian who ought to bo kicked, but as a thinker who had even something to say. forhiuiself. This was grotesque to tho English public, and they howled .and howled. , , I alque, or almost alone, with my friend T^^odoro Watts, cheered and cheered. It .wasn'jt tWt wo cared a ha'p'orth fprthe .scoundrel on tlio stage, but.that, yre claixnod ythe right of the .drama to deal with, moral questions. ;,.£ba.t night in my lodgin^H I iwirote to Tennyson. . 1 meant him to. get my .letter .with, the uewspapors next, morning. ' The stage,! ho answered, ' must be in a Tory low state indeed, if, as some dramatic critics .are tolling. us,..nono of tho great moral land social questions of the time can .bo touched, upon iu ,a . modern play.' That was only twelvo years ugo, and what have those twelve years witnessed i— Hall Coins., 