DORA DEENE; or neither wipe nor widow. By BERTHA M. CLAY. — — CHAPTER-XXVIIL an usbxtectbd belay. Locksley did notretnra to Greely'a Hotel, bat wflB driven tD his club in Piooadilly, where he dismissed the ostler and gave him a handsome fee. You have more than atoned for the blunder yoa made," he said. " And I shall not forget you, Hoshins. " For an hour Edmund talked with Rogers, and it was decided to postpone the inquiries concerning the missing Lord Morden, until the present difficulties had been surmounted. "I would prefer that you keep watch upon Miss Deene until I return to Hammer smith this evening," he said, finally. ' Engage a room for me somewhere in the neighbourhood, and arrange with your nearest clergyman to be ready to oonduot a wedding at nine o'clock to-morrow morn- ing," 'Yes, sir," replied Frank. "We live within a stone's throw of an Episcopal church, and my mother attends regularly and I know thejpastor very well. His namo is P.unket, and I believe that he is a man to be trusted, though I should .suggest for safety that you go before a registrar in the morning. He will tie the knot in five min utes. if yon are provided with a special. ' No " saidLLoctoleyr "T »hould_have ime reefing that I had not been married at all, were the ceremony not conducted in a church, and by a recognized servant of God. There iB something revolting in these marriages, by consent, in the presence of a lawyer, who gabbbi over portions of the service, juft aa ha would a business con tract. 1 am snre that Miss Deene would object as strongly as I do. Besides one or the other has to live in the district for a pre scribed nnmber of days. Arrange with Mr Plnnket, Rogors, and hint at a re.pjctable fee. Clergpmen are bnt human, where money is concerned." "I will have everything ready as you desire, sir," Rogers promised. When he was gone, Locksley hastened to the chambers of Fred Fairfax, his barrister- friend, having taken the precaution to send a telegram oarly in the morning. " Just in time to lunch with me," said Fairfax, as he walked into hie rooms. "Wol1, I see that yonr mind is resolved npon some important step ?" " I want you to witness my marriage to morrow, at nine o'olock prompt." smiled Locksley. " And to assist me to-day, if you are not otherwise engaged, in obtaining a special license. The clergyman will be readv." " With pleasure, old man — I may say the greatest pleasure in the world 1 Oh, how freely do yon lambs go to the slaughter. Come. Wo will lunch at Cavali's in Fleet street, then walk to Doctors' Commons, where I can get all the information desired, and Becure a special license from His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury. While lnnohing, matters were freely dis cussed, and Fairfax whistled when he heard of the enemy's latest move." "By Jove! if they, get wind of Miss Deene's whereabouts, you will find yourself a disappointed bridegroom, old man." "Don't hint at snoh a thing," groaned Edmund. " Well, if your man, Rogers, is as smart as yon balieve him to be, I think that yon are pretty safe, though it was hardly tiises to employ the cabman who is known to the other side." "I. thought it better to do that than engage a stranger." ' Well, perhaps so. Have yon arranged a little home- nest to bill and coo In ?" Fair fax observed. "Not yet ; things have been so hurried." " Ha 1" Fairfax was silent for a little while, a Btrange melancholy having settled upon his face. "Edmund," he said, presently. "I am goiDg to tell yon what is known io a very few out of my own family. Perhaps yon have objected to my bantering tone ?" "No; still it. is not pleasant ; but I excuaa you becanee you have never cared for a woman 1" " I have never cared for a woman ?" Fairfax laughed harshly, then he turned npon Locksley a look that he never forgot. " Edmund, yon would hardly believe that a false woman has rnined my life 1 I have loved as few men love, only to find that I was a mad fool on the very eve of my wed ding-day ! It is all over now, thongb, and sorely six months is long enough to heal a broken heart. I did hot intend to tell you this, and should not have mentioned it at all, only that the home I prepared for my expected bride might be o£ use to yon, for — for a little time, at least." He spake huskily, and brushed a tear from his eye. " Yon aBtonish me, Fred," Locksley said gon£ly. "Bnt theD, I have been abroad so much daring the past few years, it is hardly likely that I shonld have heard anything abont this, if yoa yourself had not told me. Yon have my sympathy, old fellow." " Yes, hut what of my offer ? The honse is useless to me ; it has never been lived in since I had it furnished and decorated, and. if yon like it, and yonr wife likes it, I will sell you the place cheap. Take it on approval for three or six months. Yon will find it a perfect little paradise, for I spsred mo expense, and I hate it now !" "Yonr offer is kind," Locksley replied, thoughtfully, "and I will look over the place this afternoon, if you will take me there." "You must go yourself. I will never Bet foot in it again ! It is situated at Riohmond, about a mile from the station, and is called 'TheMyrtles.' The keyB are at tbe post-office In tho village. If yon take it off my handB, I shall he grateful, and I trust, that you may never know what it is to snffer as I have done." "I will look at ' The Myrtles' as soon as I have my licence." They walked in silence to Doctors' Com mons, and were referred to a prootor by the clerk. The proctor listened to the applica tion, and announced that it wonld be impos sible to supply a special license nnder twenty, fours, aa it would have to be presented to the Archbishop of Canterbury for approval and signature. Locksley was terribly disappointed, and wondered how he could endnre the anxiety of yet another day. The application having been made in dne form, he and Fairfax returned to the Temple, and found a gentleman waiting to see tho barrister. "Be seated, Locksley," his friend said, easily. " This gentleman is not here npon basinet's ; he is an nnoie of .mine, lately baok from India. Colonel Hassard, tbia is an old school chum, Edmund Locksley. Now we all know each other." t The colonel Acknowledged the introduc tion by bowing alightly, and eyeing Edmnnd keenly. " I think I should have known that yon were the son of Norman Looksley, even if I bad not known yonr name," he remarked, presently. "I trust that your father is well?' " HiB health Is very indifferent," Locksley replied, " and is a standing puzzle to the doctors." " He has been a great rover," admitted the colonel, "and suffered with the yellow fever in India." " I never heard him mention it." "No! That is strange. Ho was ont there' with Lord Alfred Morden." "Morden 1" exclaimed Locksley. "Cm yon tell- .me anything about Lord Morden, Colonel HosBard ! Do yon know if bo still lives ?" "Why not „usk your father?" the old soldier replied, raising hie eyebrows. " They appeared to-Jm inseparable friends, !®djl have aeen nelthO? for fifteen years. By the way, I must flo! upon Norman Locksley ; I am snre that he will be glad to me." Edmund did not reply, until tbe polonol'B voice again b:oke the silence. " Can you give me his present "address. Mr Locksley? I should like to know, also, if he ha3 a man in his servioe named Peters. Peters was my orderly for years, and I sent aim to your father with a strong recom- mendation ' "Yes, colonel, Peters still aots as his valet and nurse. I believe that he is a most devoted servant. I nover knew my father when he enjoyed health and oheerfnlness, and I hesitate to send you to him, colonel. For years he has refused to see friends of his early manhood, and lives in a gloomy old house surrounded by high walls, and Peters ever on gnard." " You surprise me. He was once the gayest of the gay. I do not think he would refuse to boo an old comrade, thongh, .and vou must contrive an appointmont. Mr Locksley, I have no wish to annoy a sick man by intruding npon him, but I shall expeot yon to write to him, smd say that I am home again." " I will do that," Edmund promised. " Thank yon, my boy, thank yon ; and I'll bet you a dozen of port that he sends me an immediate invitation." I truly hope that he wil1, colonel," was the fervent reply. ' ' I will write to-day from my club." "And where is yonr olnh?" demanded the colonel. "Tho Prince Albert, Piccadilly.!' " Thank yon. I will call there for my reply, say the day after to-morrow, in the afternoon — between three and four." " That is my wedding-day," said LockB- ley, his heart bounding with a joyous throb, "bnt I will bo there, colonel, aa I shall be anxious to hear from my father." — -After" chatting pleasantly for while, Fairfax consulted an A. B. C. time-table, and advised Looksley to start for Riohmond at once, if he wished to see "The Myrtles" in a good light. " I shall not expect yon baok here again to-night," he concluded, "bnt look in e9rly to-morrow, and let me hear what yon think of the place." Locksley said good-by to Colonel Hassard and Fairfax, and started at a brisk walk for Temple railway station. CHAPTER XXIX. ugly warnings. The rain bad aleared nway, and the dark clouds had changed to fieeoy little billows that ssiled high under a sky of intense blur. Thongh the winds were strong, they were soft and; plo'sant, 'tempered by the rays of the warm son. " I am glad that there is a promise of fine weather," thought Locksley. "It would not be nice to be married iu a storm of wind and rain.. I would not like it, for Dora's sake ; women are so sensitive, and we are already surrounded by so many chilling influences." He had not to wait two minntes for a train at the Temple station, and it seems that there are always trains for everybody on the underground railway. " Richmond train ! ' shouted tbe gnsrd. " Right away there ! ' He hadn't time to be civil to the passengers. The offioiala do not believe in civility ; it is sheer waBto of time in those hurrying, scurrying days. Looksley stepped into a nrst-olass com partment and sat dowD. His mind was foil of Dora, and a glad light came into his eyes. The plea<iant sunshine seemed to have awakened all that was beautiful and bright in tho world, after many hours of gloom. It was dark in this foul-smelling subterranean passage, but ho knew that the day was glorious beyond ! "A forecast of our lives — mine and Dora's," he thought, hopefally. He took from his pocket-book a tiny miniature of the girl he loved. She had only given it to him that morning ; and be sides it was a bit of cardboard, with a round hole in the centre. With what care had Dora made this little circle, for it was to be her lover's gnide when he should choose that magic rim of gold, her wedding-ring 1 Looksley gsz >d lovingly at the portrait, oblivions that his vis-a-vis, a man a year or two hiB senior, was watching him, a cynical smile on his face. "I am sorry to interrupt you," his fellow- travellor said, at length, " hut I want to smoke badly, and haven't a l:ght." Looksley looked np. " I don't believe that I have noticed yon before," he replied, " Here are some matches," The man laughed, but it was an un pleasant laugh. " Thank you," ho said. " I quite under stand the state of yonr mind. You are under tho spell of some pretty woman — for a time." Edmnnd looked up sharply, his face flash ing balf-angrily, bnt the stranger's eyes were turned away, while -ho was thrusting some golden tobacco into a bowl of his big meerschaum. " I was in the same fool's paradise myself once," he went on, bitterly. "Mine is not a fool's paradise," Locksley said. " I carried a woman's picture and a whole tress of her hair in my bosom for three years ; I worked in the mines of California. I toiled like a veritable slave for three years for a woman's sake— a woman who professed to love me. and who was to be my wife." "Well?" said Looksley, interested in spite of himself. " I oame home to find that my- faith, my hope, my happiness, were bnt a dream of tho opinm-eater !" "She was dead!" whispered Edmnnd, pityingly. " Dead ? no ! . A thousand times worse 1 the other said, with a savage sneer, and Betting his teeth hard. " She waa false ! My love died a cruel death ! I am blighted." "I am sorry for yon," said Looksley. And he realized how trifling were his troubles compared with those of this man. "The shock must have been terrible when yon had so much faith. " "And lam sorry for yon," replied the other, with anugly laugh. " You reminded me bo much of myself when I saw yonr ranturous gaze at that portrait," \- LockBloy smiled, ' Yonr disappointment makes a donbter of yon — a cynic. I am to be married in two days. My love is good and trne. There is no oloud on oar fn tare's horizon." "The old Btory," scoffed the stranger. " A mere conspiracy of nature for pairing people off. I tell yon that happiness and troth are but dreams of Utopia, invented to accentuate our misery. Be warned in time 1" .The train stopped with a jerk, and the stranger jumped out, without another word. " I am sorry for him," repeated Locksley. " Poor fellow ! He asrries his misery in his face. His is a strong nature of either loving or hating — for either joy or woe." The train was off again, and he had half a dozen companions until he reached Rich mond. Still, amid all their talk, for they were bnsy discussing the suspension of a great banking honsa, he could not forget the stranger's unhappy story — he conld not for get that this was the second story in one day of woman's frailty and man's misery. But be forgot it when he wis ont in the sunlight, and strode the platform of Rich mond station. A dczon hack-drivers waved their whips at him, frantically, shouting : "Carriage, sir, carriage I" "I want to go to Mortlake Road," he said to one of them, " There is a village near, I believe ? ' " Yes, sir. Kew Village. ' A mile and a half from here/' responded the man. "Take me to tho post-office,". Locks lsy ordered, " and from there I wish to go to ' Tho Myrtles,' in the Mortlake Road," The driver signified that he understood by touching tho rim of a battered silk hat with hie grimy forefinger, while Looksley entered the carriage. Another moment, and the yebicle started away, and was soon rolling through a ielightfnl country lane, whose htdge-rows were brilliant with the tints from autumn's lavish brash. " It is a pretty plaoe," thought Looksley. " I am sure that Dora will like it.'' This was the one burden of bis wishes. He hoped or he thonght Dora would like everything that he did—everything that At the quaint little post-office he presented a card that Fairfax had given to him. "I wish to look over 'The Myrtles,'" he said. -«I understand that yon havo the keys..' and she looked at him a little ourionsly, while handing the keys over the oounter. " Do yon think of renting ' The MyrtleB,' sir J" she aBked, respectfully. " If it suits me. I may buy the plaoe. I hope that The Myrtles' has a good reputa tion !" He spoke ha'f-laughingly, bnt he noticed that the postmistress only smiled sadly, and made an evasive reply. "ItiB a very pretty place, Bir. I hope that yon will like it, and that good fortune may attend you. ' He half-tnrned, than spoke again : ' Yon have lived here for a long time, madame ? ' "Forty years, sir." " It is a good neighborhood ? ' I want yon to tell me truthfully and candidly. ' I can trust yon to do this when I say that I wish to bring my wife here — my future wife, I shonld Bay, for we shall not be married nntil the day after to-morrow." For a minute the woman seemed dis tressed. 1 1" The Mortlake Road is the moat select in Riohmond," Ehe said, at length, "and near to Sheen Park, where members of the Royal family live. It is one of the healthiest n1ac;s in all England, sir ; bnt ' The Myrtles' is not a luoky plaoe." " I do not understand yon," smiled Edmund. "I do not place any reliance in mere Inck, as it is generally accepted. If the elevation is right, and the drains upon the latest scientific principles, there cannot be" mnoh the matter, unless," he added, jokingly, " there is a ghost !" '.'I never heard' of a ghost, sir," the post mistress replied ; "bnt I will tell you my meaning. I may be a foolish woman, but.I can't help it ; and since yon have spoken so nicely to me, I advise yon not to look at Tho MyrtleB !'" " Come, come ! that is too absurd. Now let me hear yonr reasons." Looksley was amused. " I will tell you in a few words, sir, and then I expect that yoa will laagh at me. It is jast eigat years since a tine young gentle man came here, air. He was a perfect stranger to everybody, bnt he had plenty of money, and he built the ' The Myrtles,' and famished it on the most lavish scale. The grounds were planned and laid ont by the most expert landscape gardeners that money oonld obtain ; and then, when all was finished, he brought home his bride. They came here from tbe chnroh to spend their honeymoon at ' The , Myrtles.' It is dread ful to tell, but the poor creature died that very night— died and fell into her husband's arms, while speaking to one of the ssrvants upon some trifling matter." " Well !" demanded Locksley. " I sup pose the poor lady had a diseased heart, and the exoltement had been too mnch for her ? ' " In a measure that may have been so, bnt it was rumored that one hour after their marriage the young husband discovered that the woman he had honored and loved beyond all others, was not worthy of even a kind thonght ! He had been abroad, fighting for his boantifnl homo-nest, for one who was fahe to her vows. The proof he held was indisputable, and the servant said that the look of hopeless despair upon his faca was terrible, when he gszed upon her lifeless form." "Heavens!" thought Locksley. "Can that man be my acquaintance in the train, only one short honr since ! " "When the ill-fated bride had boen taken to her last resting-place. ' The Mtrties ' was closed, and the furniture sold by auction, piecemeal," the postmistress went on. ' For yoars no one Beemed to notice the honse, hidden as it . was by the trees that.sur- ronnded it, until everybody was surprised by-seeing that it was full of workmen again, and the story aoon leaked ont that Mr Fair fax had; bought 'The Myrtles,' to bring his bride there." " Yea ? " questioned Looksley. I know that my friend was disappointed, bat ho has not told mo how." "His wife to-he eloped on her wedding eve, with another man ! " ' Great God ! " ejaculated - Edmnnd. " One wonld think the place waa haunted by grneaomo memories 1 Still, I am not of a superstitious tnrn of mind, and since I have come so far, I will look over ' The Myrtles/ madame. He thanked her and stepped into the waiting carriage. "Because there havo been two false brides, must there of a necessity be a third ? " he thonght, a little contemptuously. ''Even if I conld believe it possible for my darling to be other than an angel — to be influenced one iota by what I have heard, would be an insnlt to the dearest and truest little woman cn earth ! It is certainly strange how fate pursues its way, and I shall soon begin to believe that the novelist was right, when he accused nature of plagiarising tbe wonderful events and co- incidences of fiction." Tbe carriage rattled along smartly for ten minntss, then polled np before a pair of ornamental wooden gates, Locksley read "THE MYRTLES." CHAPTER XXX, the day before the wedding. Each of the keys in the bnnoh that had been handed to him was labelled, so that Locksley had no trouble in selecting tho3e he wanted. He opened a small door in the wall, then .threw wide the gates that led into the drive, .and told the coachman to follow him. The winding way was fl inked on the right by a solid line of magnificent linden trees : ontheleft was a high and continuous bank of velvety grass, flowering moss, and lovely ferns. Some two hundred yards from the high way he came upon tho houBS, almost sur rounded by a grand stretch of lawn, the borders of which were aflame with many flowers, growing in wild disorder. Beyond was a piotnresqne pleasure garden, and a miniature park, that ended in a gentle slope to the river Thames. Looksley- was dolighted by all that met his eye. The house itself was handsome from every view. There was not an anle or a nook that did not add to its outward beauty. Its architecture might have originated in a dozsn schoole of design at remote periods. There was nothing sufficiently pronounced to render it im posing. It was a. mixture of simplioity and tho echoes of far-away grandeur, softeoed by huge sprays of ambitions creepers, whose leaves flamed like fiery gold in the September sunshine, graduating to points that seemed to have been dipped into crimson blood. Locksley was entranced. He forgot the grnesame stories he had heard, and fancied that be oould see Dora's lovely figure flitting among the flowers. He opened a heavy oaken door, and passed into a square reception-hall of noble pro portions, flooded with light from a great glass dome that towered high above the centre of the house. A handsome staircase led to a gallery, npon which opened the rooms of th'e second floor, and he went from one to the other, delighted with everything that he saw. It was like a palace in miniatnre. Every room was in peifeot order, and tastefully fur nished. Tho honse conld ba made ready for occupation at a day's notice. " I will not lose so grand a chance," he thonght. " I cannot make any mistake ; I am dealing with an honorable friend, and he offers me this, on approval, for three or for six monthB, I will take it ! " He did not return with the keys to the post- office, but arranged with the driver of the carriage to see that half a dozen women were put in at onoe to clean it, and light fires in the ohllly rooms. -' The man was only too glad of the obanoe to earn a couple of sovereigns for himself, and Looksley retnrned to London highly satisfied with his bargain, After a hasty dinner at Greely'a Hotel he went to -Falham, and gave Madame Bell instructions to move to " The Myrtles " early | next day, so that she and Matilda conld- superintend the cleaning, and .make all ready for the home>cpmiogof Dor»,- "You oan look np this honse for the present," ho told her, " and yonr furniture can follow yon when we are settled." beoreTerfeldaBMatads 'plMsmTwas a'most hysterical. Locksley now turned toward Hammer smith, and it was quite dark when he knocked at the door of Frank Rogers' humble abode, his heart throbbing so wildly that he found it difficult to breathe. Frank answered the door, and one glance at bis faoe was a sweet relief to the young " All is well, Frank ? " " Yes, sir. I've got all arranged according to yonr wishes." " My newB is not quite so good, thongh I have reason to be pleased with -my. day's work. The marriage cannot take place nntil Thursday morning, and yon muBt see the minister again." He explained why the postponement was necessary, then hade him announce his presence to Mies Daene " And, Frank 1" he added, "oontrive to leave ns alone for an hoar. I will see you afterward to make final arrangements." Locksley was ushered into the same sitting-room where he had seen Dora so early in the morning of the same day, and the moment the door was olossd she rushed into his arms with a happy little cry. He was qnick to notice the dark shadows nnder her eyes, bnt Bhe met his questioning looks with a brave smile. "My dear love," he said, kissing her fondly, "all this doubt and uncertainty is teliiog on yon, Why will yon worry ? " ' Do I worry ? " she asked, naively. " Of coarse yoa do ! I can see the lines of carking.oare in yonr dear .face," he replied, playfully. "Thea I must be growing old and ugly ? " said Dora. "But, Edmnnd, I cannot help trembling a little, thongh it mast be very selfish, and inconsiderate of me to tell yon, when you have so mnch to do. Having to be in active, and knowing that I may be dis covered at any moment, makes me miserably nervous." He conld not find it in his heart to tell her j ust yet that there was another whole day to 'be endured. He spoke of the honse at Richmond— her fntnra home, I heir fntnre home — and she listened' to his vivid descriptions of the wonderful beauties of the lindane, the flowerp, the ferns, and mosses, with parted lips and glistening eyes. And when he had told her everything, he concluded : "And it only -rests with my little wife whethor I buy 'The Myrtles' or not. It wonld be one of the greatest pleasures in life for me to make my darling a wedding present— to give her ' The Myrtles,' with all the beautiful things it contains." "Myownlove ! " she whispered, ioyouBly. " How good you are to me 1 I would father share everything with you. Why should yon make mei this gift ? " " Brcanse I love yon beyond all else, either on earth or in heaven ! " ho said, rapturously. " And if it is ever needful for me to praotiBe my profession, I do not think that there is a more suitable place than Richmond in whioh to make a beginning." "Then why hesitate, Edmnnd? What ever yon like will bo doubly dear to me." There was a tender, beautiful light in her glowing eyes, and ho mnrmnred : -" Was ever man so blessed as I ! " An honr'passed quickly, and at length ho spoke, in a quick, nervous way : " To-morrow, Dora— to-morrow ' The Myrtles ' shall be made yonr very own." " To-morrow ! " she whispered, with a happy -blush, and he fonnd it harder than he had expeoted it wonld be to explain tho delay of another procions day. He felt her fiDgers tighten upon his wrists, and aaw that she had grown snddonly pale, but she looked up at him bravely. " And when will yon oome to me again, Edmnnd ? " she aakod. "To- morrow evening — another blissful honr, and the next day our lives will be one." Dora shiverod a little, and clang tightly to him. ; " Do not leave me yet," she said. "Iam a ooward. but I cannot help it. . Do you know, darling, that I had a horrid dream last night — and I dreamt that wo were parted forever— parted because of one day's delay ! Is it not strange that this much of my dream is true? " "It is my fault entirely," her lover re plied. " I onght to have made inquiries, bnt T bad an idea that a special license cculd be obtained without notice. Even Fairfax, who i3 a lawyer, was ignorant upon the matter. I shall bring it with- me to-morrow night, Dora, and tho wedding- ring ! " He tried to soeak light and cheerfnlly, but there seemed to be a leaden weight at his heart. The hour, that Locksley had asked for lengthened into three, and he was startled by hearing a clook chime eleven. At last he tore himself away, and Rogers went- outside to Bee that the street was clear. '"Yon will have to go back to Greely'a, sir," he said. "I couldn't get any accom modation here without raising suspicion." "It does not matter." Looksley replied, gloomily. " Only I anticipated some pleasure in being only half an hour from Miss Deene instead of an honr's journey." "I will walk wish yoa a little way," volunteered Frank. "Yos; I have some instructions to givo yon." They went ' ont into the badly-lighted street, and Edmnnd heard that hia faithful servant had lost no time in letting the minister know of the change of day. "He will' be ready at nine o'clock on Thursday morning." Then the master told him all that it was needful for him to know, and impressed npon him the necessity of keeping a careful watch over Miss Deeno, They parted at the end of Market Btreet, and neither saw a man oronching in a dark entry that led to the rear yard of a pnblio honse. The next day was a busy one for Looksley, He purchased " The Myrtles " out of hand at a comparatively low figure, and trans ferred it by deed of gift to Dora Deene. He provided himself with a wedding-ring, and contrived to ran down to Richmond to see how matters were progressing there, after buttoning tho special license in his breast pocket. together with the documents that made Dora absolute mistress and owner of " The Myrtles." On the first folio he had written : "A wedding present, from Edmund to Dora." He fonnd Madame Bell and Matilda bnsy, and the house bright and clean, nnder the vigorous hands of a little army of women. He engaged two gardeners who were wait- ing abont in searoh of work, and gave Madame Bell carle blanche in the matter of providing all that was needful for their home-coming on the morrow. " We shall bo married early to-morrow," he said, " Dora and I. Dora wished yon to be present, madame; but we shall have plenty of witnesses, and you oan be of more service hero." Then he went away to Bpend his last evening with Dora, as Dora's lover only ! To-morrow he wonld be her hnaband ! Ob, how joyously his heart bounded at the very thonght ! Tnat happy night was but a repetition of the one preceding, only that they were mnoh happier. Dora's fears were gone — to-morrow she wonld ba Edmund's happy wife. " And what of yonr awfal dream, sweet heart ?" he said. " I dreamt it again, and langhed at it," smiled Dora. "It was only the result of many sleepless nights. I fear nothing now !" That night there were many treasures nnder Dora's pillow, for Locksley had left the wedding-ring with her, and the deed which made her mistress of " The Myrtles.'! He had told hor over and over again of her new home, and had drawn many beautiful piotares of their future life. It would be s lovely garden, filled with perfnme and flowers, with singing birds and murmuring trees, and the snn wonld ever shine in azure skies ! It was a pretty piotnre ; it was a happy lover's piotnre. It wasrnot like.the aoene in the first love tragedy that killed the hride tnd rnined a man's life. It was not like Fred Fairfax's shattered dream. But Dora snew nothing of these things ; she knew nothing of the awful memories that hsunted " The Myrtles." I To be Continued ) 