Political Froth. Fenton objects to a plethora of lawyers. Mr. W. T. H. Brown averse to policemen acting as returning officers. Very difficult to regulate the Income Tax, Profitless improvements on land to otoape taxation. Hartnoll red hot on personality. Some heat orer election expenses pay ments. The broad and the narrow questions side by side. Anew uiaoic rod usher to be created, (ore dignity at a pound a week for the Chamber of Asses. Forests Brown advocating sensible and humane gaol reform. Dr. Crowther made another speech. The juveniles this time. New Town church land to be a solid fact. Hamilton humorous. Gilmore heavy on electoral reformation. Lewie in a generous mood mostly. The session rousing up a little. The Assembly getting on too fast. Hark ing back with arguments, Many contradictions on all sides, but work progressing quickly. The email-salaried man a great eyesore. Incomes from personal exertion enter the lists with incomes derived from realised wealth. Which will win P Urquhart got the BightHour Bill through again. Ayes 13 ; Noes 9. Many and various opinions upon payment of members. Watehorn reminds members tliat they need not take their money if they don't want No truth in the rumor that someone wae to go to England, ready to put on the Agent General's clothes. Can a country, unable to support a theatre, maintain a university P Is 6s. enough payment for being an Fiesse proved by figureB the university was necessary. Macdonald unable to carry his suggestion of postal voting. Some exceedingly useful work done with tho Electoral Bill. Voters can vote at any polling place most convenient. Matters pertaining to Federation in re serve. Rooke cawing upon new trustees clauses. Hart speaks feeling-Jy upon tho Trustee CrOBby wonld oartail all the members' salaries. Does a bonus give birlli to un industry !' Beetroot at it again. Strong determination to do battle uliown in the Council. Much argument over the different sources of wealth requiring taxation. The Attorney-General willing to oblige everybody as usual. Urquhart wants the polling places re strictions swept away altogether. The supplementary appropriation bill lot 1895 done with. The Trustees Bill rising a deal of argu ment. £2600 for tke University after all. Fat fnan's son not to be reared in ajrnoranoe. 'Plenty of new bills coming forward yet to keep the session going. Tasmanian industries to be encouraged. That Trustees Bill is only a small matter, bnt it has a big say. The Wages Attachment AboUtion BUI lapBtd under Gellibrand'e care, 1 Chief seorefcsry went in lemons over the Constitution Bill. . Very ancient history'used as a buffer. What is a representative House P We will have another Constitution Aot next year. ' The Women's O.T. Dnibji wants a^'ew O.D. bill. Salaries Payments Eeduotion Bill amend ments arranged. The Companies Bill further frothed. V.D.L. shareholders' troubles subject for argument. ? The Eleotoral Act before the Council next Tuesday. More noise. Constitution Act Amendment Bill akied by the Hupper 'Ouse. The country governed by Gellibrand and Co. How long will Tasmania stand it ? H. I. Rooke starred as a mongrel puppy, snapping, biteing, and frothing against the Constitution Bill. Then be voted for it, and wanted the Chief Secretary to throw more bills to the wolvea tof devour. Seleot oommittoe to enquire into railway matters. Hartnoll wanted all Northern men, Moloahy played his full hand, and sub stantiated MoDonnld'e statements. ? Bailway committee to report in three week's time. Committee appointed: The Minister of Lands', Messrs. Seibey, Barret, Dumaresq, Burke, OriBp, Lewis, itoles, Urquhart, and Hartnoll. If the Hospital Bill passes into law onr notoriously mean upper cruet will have to subscribe not less than 10s. per annum before they oan pose as philanthropists. According to Oobson, a great number of Tasmanians are paying calls into the recon structed banks of Victoria. BeBt considers that a minister of the gospel Bhould go before a schoolmaster. By the Federating Bill Taamanian repre eentativcB will receive £B per day if the convention sits outside the polony, or £1 if the meetings are held in Tasmania. It will be necessary for three oolonies to aooept the constitution before the Imperial Parlia can be approached to pass it into law. What la the ' Imnnriel Purlinmnnt P' Queen Victoria was made Empress of India by jingoism ; but the Parliament of Groat Britain has never been elevated into Imperialism. We might leave grovel out of Acts of Parliament. Eight Hour Bill division : Ayes.— Sir Edward Braddon, Mess™. Pillinoer. Fysh, Gill, Bradley, W. T. H. Brown, Mac! donald, Crisp, Hartnoll, Barret, Hiddle etone, Mulcahy, and Urquhart. Noes.— Stessrs. LewiE, Dobson, Burke, Orowther, Woolnough, Hamilton, Mackenzie, Dumar ?Bq, and Button. The sleik young man wko fills tho positian of valet-in-ohi«f to Governor Gormanston, accompanied by a friend, equally endowed with oily hair and dress, and nothing else in particular, turned up at the Legislative Council to eee the Constitution Bill thrown out by the House of Assess. A railway to Mildura, Victoria, is pro* posed to be built by a syndicate. Aland snavel of 60,000 acres is inoludod in the project. Ihc two Parliamentary Chambers of France annually tost the nation upwards of So far as the »o»e of Hon. J. Watchorn U concerned, the Constitution Bill had no luck. The old gentleman was evidently in a gouty dyspeptic mood, and eo conjured up the horrors of going home to eat and finding nothing on the table or in the cupboard, owing to his better half being engaged canvassing— perhaps for a local optionist. The bill was an insult. By the ejection of the Constitution Bill the electorate of Montagu is in danger of being wiped out, and to provide against such an unlooked for contretemps in the event of an early dissolution it will be neoessary to bring in a further short Electoral Act Amendment Bill. In the event of Montagu not being legis atedfor, Nicholas J. Brown would be de feated, for the Weet Coasters would be in he majority for Cumberland, and the Honorable Nicholas would not have the ghost of a show. Urquhart would also be knocked out as he is disqualified for the old constituency. What a muddle th* old women of the Upper House have made. Chamberlain's appointment to the Colonial Office is in accord with his personal .desires. His Conservative allies are said to have wished that he had chosen to be Sec retary of War, an office which would have required all his energies. They are afraid lest, having time on his hands, he will con cern himself with other matters, and even tually prove to be captain of the team. In fact Joey's glass optic is watching for the main chance. The Tasmanian Noos-ence has been raising a howl about juvenile depravity, and the Attorney-General is going to bring in a bill to send all the female kiddies to bed at a respectable hour. Won't one member yell into his ear that snoh vice is always the result of poverty and elnui life ; and that the caueo being eradicated, the fruits of the effeot at once dies f In the English Tory Cabinet there fire thirteen lanulords and four capitalists of enormous wealth — Goshen, money-lender; Chamberlain, ironmaster; Ritchie, manu facturer ; and Sir H. Jamee. lawyer. Nino of the Government are members of the louse of Lords. The working man of Great Britain has now the Golden Calf to worship. The member for Warrnambool in the Legislative Assembly for Victoria is ngain on the warpath. The defeat of his measure, the Totalizator Bill, 6eeme only to have in creased his ardor in the active crusade which ho is directing against the book makers. Mr. Murray's next effort ie to be a )ill to suppress street betting and all other kinds of betting. In Melbourne struct betting appears to have assumed undesir able dimensions and could very well be done away with ; but Mr. Murray's energies are sure to he roasted over thiif, his latest bill. Gambling will certainly bear regulath.g, but it's a large order to endeavor to en tirely supp rasa it. Notice to Heads op Fahilibb and Othebs.— If your stock of home made Jam is getting low be sure and tell your grocer that nothing but W. T1. Peacock's must be sent to replenish the larder. The verdict of thousands of ordinary every day judges is that Peacock's Jams are right up to date retaining the full flaror and aroma of the freshly gathered fruit in combination with Al quality sugar. This . verdict has been endorsed by five separate sets of special expert judges quite recently. What better recommen dation dan be expected f 