LOYM AM TRUE. I CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) North was on the point of telling nis ^rift' tlie news, when Rose returned, accompanied by a cousin of Miss 'Wel- jand's, as an escort The young man was a great bore to North always, for foe was a conceited, ignorant puppy; \\\v was on the point of going to the diggings, and he thought it must be as' interesting to other people as to himself: so he could talk of nothing else. He had a slight admiration for Bose. and thought he could cut out Davanent any day, if he would only take tbe trouble. Mr. North fidgeted a aood deal when Mary told Rose be fore this stranger that Fred Trench was found; that he had been at Mr. Davauent's as stockman, that he was a fine fellow, and very handsome, and that be had been disappointed at her absence from home. When the young coxcomb left, North said to his sister-in-law, 'Rose, I must Lave five minutes' private conversa tion witli you.' 'Come into the verandah, then, Mr. North; it is pleasanter here. Now, wbat are you going to say to me? Not to recommend this handsome young stockman, the heir of Elmslie, to me? I will not have Frederick Trench; it is of no use your speaking about him— I condemn him, unseen and unheard.' They were standing beside the rose tree— Sir. Davanent's rose tree, as she always called it. She had plucked a bud from it every morning, and worn it in her bosom all day since he had accepted of one from her; but the flowers were all over. Rose had taken the last one with her that morning, and said that she must wear a spray of green leaves on the morrow. 'Mr. North,' continued she; 'you know that I feel engaged to Mr. Dava Dent though he said I was free. I listened to and encouraged him, and when he comes again, I wall say 'les.' ' 'My dear Rose,' said North, gravely and kindly, 'it is on that subject I would speak. You despised Edward for falling in love with a pastry-cook's girl.' 'Don't bring that story up against me again, and recommend Edward. I never did despise him; I never laughed so much at him as you did, and now I feel nothing but sorrow for poor Lizzy's death and her mother's grief.' 'She is not dead, Rose. She is now living at Mr. Davanenf s station ? and as his mistress.' 'It is false! He could not be so base. He, the soul of honor— so fas tidious, so jealous of womanly purity! Oh! Mr. North, it is not true. Who told you such a falsehood?' 'Frederick Trench.' 'And what do you know of Fred Trench, except that he was a prodigal son, and had to leave England in dis grace? Do you take his word against She honor of my Davanent? Oh! Mr. Jforth, it is not true.' 'My dearest Bose, I am certain tiiat it is true; there cannot be the slightest doubt that it is the case. Trench told it to me incidentally. I had not mentioned Davanent's name; I forgot all about him in my pleasure at seeing the young man again alive, and well; but he told me that Davanent had offered to pay his passage if he would marry Mrs. Newton, and take her and her little boy out of the way. It is tmdeniable testimony.' North felt something heavy on his arm; and but for his strong support, his sister-in-law would have fallen to the ground. 'Come here, Mary,' he called out; 'quick, Rose has fainted.' 'What have you done to Rose?' said she. angrily. 'Told her the truth, Mary.' 'How cruel you are! You nave kil led her. Rose, darling, speak. What bas he said to you?' 'Nothing but what is kind and true,' said Rose, when she found her breath. 'Thank you, thank you, dear Mr. North. What a gulf was before me, and I was walking, dancing into it Oh, Davanent!' North led her in, and seated her in »is easy chair. She got wonderfully j-alm, and told him to relate all he knew, and he circumstantially repea ted Trench's information, about which ttere could be no mistake. 'You believe me now, Rose?' 'My poor darling! But I always doubted him.' '£our instincts are a safer guide jhan Rose's penetration, Mary. But « appears that he wished to dismiss ?-« before he got any answer from you, Rose.' 'That is the worst of it; what will 'eeome of her? Poor Lizzy and her Poor baby! and the poor old mother Ifjll not confess that she is alive.' 'You are overcome, my dearest,' jaid Mary; 'you have heard enough for to-night; you must go to bed now.' North might have kissed his sister «Maw that night; she would have ta wn it kindly from him in her trouble; out his kisses were sacred to his wife, 'Od very rare even to her, so he mere ?y shook hands as usual. . Rose liad taken it wonderfully well I 'Pon the whole; but she did not sleep, tad coma not get up to breakfast CHAPTER XXXL h« en ^ortn came home to dinner 'e came without Trench, who was to -*-me in the evening. Rose was sitting « 'the chair, wrapped in a large shawl, [tough the weather was warm, and looking so pale and so spiritiess that Be was shocked at her appearance. -G°od morning. Rose, you have got 'P at last,' said he, trying to smile. »ne smUed faintly. Her Bible was I f her hand; she was' evidently trying I *° read it, but found it hard. 'Is I *? Trench with you? I must go to f *J own room, if he is; i cannot 'sit B'Ko; he is not coming Wl later. I j'« not press him, for I wished to see 'ow you were. *My dear Rose, you J*jn to bave taken this Very much « heart I did not think you could 'we become so much attached to him ^so short a 'time.' *nlYou won Mary's heartJii a month, «W did not take half such pains, or y*z half the opportunities which Da janent had; and we seemed so suited £ each other. But I shall get over ™ls- I shall, if I try; in time, I may ! «*qner it; but, in the aneantime, I '°^ t seem able to -Io anything.' aorth took her hands kindly in his wn. «jt |g not vour disappointment, « his unworthiness that grieves f°n- He took down CarlyleV 'Sar- ™r Resartus' from the bookshelf; it Wfts a favorite volume withliini. *,«Here is a panacea for the mind, in cases of | doubt and difficulty. I think it will be effectual for some good in sorrow too.— 'Do the duty which llest nearest thee, which thou knowest tobe a duty! Thy second duty -will already have be come clearer.' ' Rose did not say querulously that this was nothing new; that she had seen the idea in the Bible often, though otherwise expressed; she was, on the contrary, pleased to have it put in -a different light. Rose saw her second duty clear in the light of her endeavor to do the first - Alas! haw long was it to be her second! She summoned courage, and received Fred Trench with kindness and cordiality; and though now and then she winced at the mention of Da vanent's name, and the recital of his great wealth in flocks and herds, she found real pleasure in the young man's society. But pale she was, and she .grew thinner every day; she ate al most nothing, and though nobody but Fanny made any remarks about it Fred could not help guessing that something surely was wrong. Mary wrote to old Mr. Trench; so did North; and Rose thought it would be taken kindly if she, too, wrote a few lines; but the usually fluent pen failed for once, and she broke down at the first sentence, and burned a letter that would have failed to satisfy anyone. When Fred saw other people writing, he remembered his promise to Walters; and going to the room he called his own, he managed, by dint of concentrating all his faculties on the task, to write three short pages in as many hours. It was long before Wal ters received the letter, but it was satisfactory when it did arrive; it gave him great encouragement to go to see Mr. North, who was a brick; Mrs. North, who was an angel; and the handsome pale sister-in-law, whom Fred shrewdly suspected to be the lady Davanent wanted to marry, and whom he had had half a mind to ask himself. 'However,' concluded Fred, 'I could not fall in love with a woman who made me blush for my ignorance every time she opened her mouth; and I could see, too, that I had not the ghost of a chance. Still, I am very glad that the ship sails so soon, for I should not like to meet Mr. Davanent after telling his awkward secret to the very people he would have wished it con cealed from. Well, Tm off; thanks to your schoolfellow, Mr. North; if he is proud, he has not shown it to me; he is a splendid fellow, and won't be above speaking to an old friend, though he is an under-overseer, &e.;' When Walters read this letter, there were some changes at the home sta tion; but he went to the house forth with, and gave a month's notice to Mr. Davanent Was he going to the dig gings? Was he dissatisfied with any thing? No, but he had heard of an old friend, and was going to Adelaide to see him. So Mr. Davanent thought Walters very ungrateful, but could not help himself. Fred Trench sailed not much later than a week after the day first fixed on, and the good wishes of all the family accompanied him. Rose again took out Edward's son^ nets; he, too, had made a mistake, though not so bad a one as she had done. Strange! that Lizzy should have been loved first by the only lo vers Rose ever had; for Edward's was her first offer. She had always dis couraged any admiration that, people had had for her before, so as to pre vent it from becoming serious. Ed ward's rhapsodies now touched her. How honorable his conduct had been compared with Dayanent's! When Mansfield came to town, he was struck with the change in Miss Lancaster's appearnce; she told him she was per fectly well, and he could not help en vying the compliment she paid to her absent lover. North could not understand Rose's impatience for Davanent's return to town; lie thought and said that she had better write. He did not like to expose her to the risk of hearing him plead his own cause; a fascinating man, very much in love, and with a most insinuating voice and manner. He thought Rose would be subdued by his repentance, his regret, and his pas sionate love; and he saw that such a marriage would be far from a comfortable one. Even as a man of the world— which he was not, for he looked upon Davanenf s conduct to Lizzy Newton as a Christian and a gentleman ought to do; but, even as a man of the 'world— he could not an ticipate any good from a union with deception on one side, and doubt and jealousy on the other, as the founda tion. Davanent would be for ever at a disadvantage, and Rose would be miserable. He really wished his sis ter-in-law to be happy, and this was no happy prospect So he urged her to go home to her father's, and leave a letter for Davanent But Rose was resolute; she said she thought she was to be trusted for one interview, and Mary did not doubt her. But the longest lane has a turning, and Rose's quick ear heard Davanent's foot at last and his own knock at the front door one morning. 'I must see him alone, Mary, but be within calif She sat still. She heard him hnrriedly ask the servant if the family were well. 'All well but Miss Lancaster; she had been rather poorly for some time back.' Could he see her? She supposed so; she was not confined to bed— she was in the parlor. ' Davanent entered. He had been prepared for blushes, and fluttering, and agitation; but there were none of these things. She gave him her band as matter of course, but his pas sionate pressure of it did not raise a tinge on her pale cheeks. He inquired as to her health; she said she was not very well. He was sqrrj, very sorry indeed; add he really looked his con cern. She motioned him* to a chair beside her, and her blushes, and flut tering, and agitation, began. He was too much excited himself to be a cool observer! 'Have I been long away?' '1 have been expecting you for some time now.' .. _.- 'I could not possibly come sooner. As you said, I was much wanted at home, and I have had a variety of business' engagements to settle. I wrote a few lines to Mr. North, saying I could not return quite so soon as I thought when I parted with- 700; bnt you know how anxious I must have been to see' you again. You under stand what I said to you jwfaen I left Adelaide?' -. Bose bowed acquiescence. She could not trust herself to speak till he gave her a cue.' . ~ 'And now, my beloved Rose, I have conie to renew my proposal; to entreat you to. think weUflf me. How much, how dearly, I love you! Your image has filled my lieart, during my eb sence from your dear self. Everything I have done has been for you.' (Rose felt sick; very sick.) 'I am rich; but I place no value on it except that I may throw everything I' nave at your feet and place you in such a position as you ought to hold. Oh! how I have longed all my life to meet with such a woman as yourself, who could understand me, and who was worthy of being under stood herself; in whose heart there was no meanness, no bitterness, no sel fishness—a woman, lofty, pure, gentle, pious!— a woman who recommends the doctrines of the Gospel to every heart by her sincerity and her earnestness. Here is the rose you gave me; I have never parted with it s,inee, for it bade me hope.' Silence is generally thought to be encouraging; but Rose's silence was peculiar. He fancied that she hesita ted about going to tlie bush with him; as he had never hinted at having a town establishment and he knew how passionately she loved her sister. 'Do not think, my beloved, my idol ised Rose, that I am so selfish as to think of tearing you away from all those you love. I would not have you banished at my distant station; you shall remain in town, or hear it, and I can come and go. Your sister would miss you.' 'This is all very well for you and me, I dare say,' said Rose, slowly and painfully. 'I suppose you would not like to take me to the same place that you took poor Lizzy Newton to — but what is to become of her?' Davanent started to his feet in the suddenness of his surprise. 'Good God! what of her?' He could not deny anything— he had not time. 'I thought you planned very well for yourself; but you left her and your child out of the question altogether.' 'She Is provided for, Rose— dearest Rose, I have parted from her for ever, or I would not have dared to speak to you; she made no objections.' - 'She dared not object Davanent was this the business you had to do before you could speak to me, and ask my hand when you had already won my heart? Was that poor girl to be the sacrifice? Was I to tread upon her bleeding heart to take the posi tion of your wife?' 'Forgive me, Rose. Miss Lancaster, forgive me,' and the drops stood on his forehead. He would have taken her hand, but she shook it off as if there were contagion in the touch. 'Yes,' said she, deliberately, 'I will forgive you, Davanent What harm have you done to me, comparatively speaking? (His face brightened.) I will forgive you from my heart, if you will marry her — do her the poor justice that remains in your power.' 'Marry her! and I love you!— you! oh, how infinitely more and better than ever I did her! iVow love to one woman, while every pnlse is beating for another! Place an insuperable, an eternal bar between you and me!' 'You have done that already, Dava nent You loved her once; yon can revive your love.' 'Have the whole world laugh at, and despise me and my wife?' 'I will honor you,' said Rose, with the old inspiring gleam in her eyes; 'God will bless you,- and your own conscience will approve. Oh, Dava nent, you would have tried hard to gain my love, will you not do that to regain my esteem?' He seemed to hesitate. She took the hands she had shrunk from before, and clasped them in the earnestness of her entreaty. He looked on the thin white hand, the wasted arm, with a curious mixture of compassion, pride, and self-reproach. 'I have suffered, you see,' said Rose. 'I have mouAaed over your unworthiness with a bitter: ness which I never felt before. But do as I beseech yon— marry her. She is young, and beautiful, and innocent but for you; I cannot believe that the daughter of so good a mother can have a bad heart Davanent, suppose she is ignorant, you can instruct her; if she is petulant, you can restrain her; if she has faults that you cannot conquer, you ought to bear with them, for you know you are far from perfect yourself. Let me not think that Rose Lancaster has come across your path to lead you to greater sin, and that poor young girl to greater misery. Marry her— restore her to respectabi lity, and her poor broken-hearted mo ther to her right— to a mother's pride; claim your litttie boy, and thrust him not forth into the wide world nameless and unregarded; marry her, and I shall think my own sufferings well repaid. I know what you can do with a woman whom you love and who loves you. Yau can make her happy, and yourself with her.' 'Rose,' said Davanent, with a qui vering lip and almost inarticulately, 'I could scarce refuse you anything that you ask with that white face and those earnest eyes. I would give my life and my happiness to recover your esteem; but what you ask is not in my power. Lizzy is married!' Rose sank back in her chair, and burst into a torrent of tears. He dared not approach her. 'Yes,' she said, 'that was your arrangement; and she agreed, to it willingly— very willingly, no doubt This is the great est sin of all. I thought I might have prevented it, but I am too late— too late!' 'Say what yon will, Rose Lancaster, I deserve it' 'Yo* know that if yon did think it necessary to part, it would have been really better and more respectable to have provided for her as a single wo- man, and sent her home to her mother; but you feared that I might hear of it in that case, and yon forced the poor girl, to marry, anyone that would take her!' (To be continued.) 