WOODVILLE. Or Tuesday evening last, a grand variety enter tainment took place in the local School of Arts, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the Church of England Sunday School funds. The programme which was rather a lengthy one, was started at eight o'clock sharp, Mis3 Munday playing the opening overture. Then followed a scene from the ' (Jolleen ±fawn — Corrigan (an Irish attorney), Mr. W. P. Wynn ; and Myles Nacopleen, Mr. A. C. Nichojls. This scene was well carried out, and afforded much amusement. Miss Amy Newton sarig very sweetly ' Far Away at Heaven's Gate,' which was very deservingly applauded. Mr. P. Long then contributed a very funny re citation ' Sockery Setting a Hen.' Then followed ' Irish Comicalities' by Mr. A. C. Nicholls, which called forth roars of laughter. Mr. D. Sharkey contributed 'Ten little Negro boys.' ThiB was followed by a song and dance ' Murphy waved his handkerchief,' by Messrs. A. C. Nicholls and T. Butler, which was very nicely given. Next came a pianoforte solo, which waB beautifully rendered by MiBS Munday. A song by Mr. P. Wynn concluded the first part of the programme, when there was an interval of ten minutes. The second part commenced with a laughable nigger farce, ' Slim Jim on his laBfc legs ;' ' Slim Jim,' Mr. A. C. Nicholls ; 'Barnum,' Mr. W. P. Wynn, and other characters by the 'Woodville Dramatic Company. The characters were well sustained throughout; Slim Jim especially causing much merriment by his fanny antics. Mr. Munday (an old friend on the Woodville platform) then eang 'The days when we went pic-nicking,' which was followed by ' Plantation Pastimes' by Mr. A. C. Nicholls. A splendid old song, ' Sweet Genevieve,' was very well received by Mr. T. Batler. The programme concluded with the nigger sketch, ' The Four o'Clock Train,' in which Mr. Nicholls acted his part well as ' Pompey,' as did also Mr. T. Butler as 'Mr. Johnson,' and Mr. J. Butler as the ' ghost.' The singing of the National Anthem brought a most enjoyable evening to a close. ThiB is the first entertainment that has been given by this company, but we hope that many more such pleasant evenings will saon follow. The weather continues very cold and dry. We have experienced some very sharp frosts, and farm work is at a standstill for want of rain. Woodville, June 13th, 1895. 