Skabchikg for Knowledge.— A party of students from the School of Mines, who left Adelaide on Monday evening, Jane 3, by the express for Broken Hill, returned bv the ex press on Monday to tha city, having spent a most profitable and enjoyable week in in specting the various point i of interest in the Broken Hill district. Special facilities were afforded them to observe the oreep in Block 11 in the Proprietary Mine, and the two recent discoveries of carbonate ore and kaolin ore in the Central. The atudents were treated splendidly everywhere, and re turned laden with favours and specimens. Mr. J. J. East, Registrar of the School of Mines, was in charge of the party, and Mr. W. 8. MacKenzie, of the same institution, also accompanied them. Conscientious but Wearisome.— The Ade laide Police Court has seven doors, possesses no fireplace, and the floor being covered with linoleum the hall is so cold in the winder weather that it might serve as a freezing chamber. On Monday the sitting of the Court was protracted unusually far into the night. This was in a great measure due to the lengthy crojs-exainination of witnesses by Mr. G. Ash, M.P., in three cases in which the Parliamentary stonewaller was engaged. Mr. Ash appeared for Samuel Henry Williams, who was called upon to answer two charges of embezzlement, tha amounts involved being respectively £1 10». and 10j. Th« informant was David Elias Jones, represented by Mr. A. Mulrose. In the third' case the positions of complainant; and defendant were reversed, Williams proceeding against Jones for £28 13j. 2d., wages dus. These three cases occu pied the attention of the Bench from 10.30 a.m. till 5.50 p.m., and during their hearing and while Mr. Ash w.m crews-examining, such remarks as 'I consider the 1&hd; twenty-five minutes havebeen absolutely wasted' and ' We can't go on all night like this— it ia mare waste of time,' fell from Mr. Gordon. Mr. Ash is nothing if nob conscientious, and he is never satisfied uutil he has exhausted all arguments in favour of his ciient, but long before ho had finished on Monday there is no doubt that he had wearied both Bench and Bar. Messrs. Anderson and Lathlean had baen waiting in the Court from 10 o'clock for their oaaa to come on, and at 5.30 p.m. the former gentleman suggested ' tea.'* Mr. Gordon thereupon intimated that be would take no other oases till 7 o'clock. Before this, however, the gas had to be lit, but the supply from tha eighteen jets was so limited that two candles had to be lighted so that the Clerk might sea to take down the depositions. Despite this 'linked sweetness long drawn out' several straggler* still lounged over the rail at the rear of the Court, and in the dim and dismal light they looked like the ghosts of departed inebriates and dead beats. The Court resumed again at 7 o'clock, and after a master and servant's dispute for wages had bseu disposed of, Messrs. Ander son and Lithiean, who had been waiting about for nine hours, heard the case in which they were engaged called on. This lasted for nearly three hour3, and it was 10.15 p.m. before Mr. Gordon left tha Bench and Mr. Ilinda called oub 'This Court stands adjourned till 10 o'olook to- morrow morning.' A Big Undertaking. — A letter whioh gave rise to some amusement and some sarcasm was read by the Registrar a 5 the ordinary meeting of the School of Miues Board on Monday. Ic came from Mr. William Garland, who signed himself Hon. Secretary and it ran :— ' Ic is proposed to hold a grand associated cpnversazione of the Literary, Scientific, and Art Societies of South Aus tralia about the eud of October m the Exhibi tion Buildings, to be opened by His Excel lency the Governor. Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, Bart. [Mr. Grainger— 'Do they provide boxing gloves ':') A large display of interesting scientific exhibits, including micro scopio work, curios, working models, &c;, will be made by the Soiensigs Societies, who with the Literary Societies will also arrange for some Iecturettes to be delivered by Professors from the University on popular science and litera ture. (The Profesiors— ' Oh :) The Ars 9ooietie3 will be represented by a good display of pictures, photographs, and architectural drawings : and the Musical Societies, in brief concerts lasting from thirty to forty minutes each, will furnish the musical portion of the programme. Tba Horticulture:. & 2., Societies will make a display of tree- Jts.ns, potpiwits, cut flowers, and fruits, &e.; Tho committee appointed to carry out this project) will consist of the Presidents and Secretaries of the various Societies. A charge of say 2s. Gd. for admission on the opening night and Is. for the following evening will ba sufficient, it is thought, to cover all expanses. The educa tional value of suoh a social gathering in the interests of literature, science, and art can hardly be over-estimated. It is also antici pated that an increase in tha membership of tha Societies will result therofrom. it only remains for the m-juibors of these Societies to show with fine dprit dt corps what is being done to cultivate theiuind, and thin lot South Australians ece that thi-ro is an intellectual side of our nature as well as the mere physical. ('Hear, hear/) Opportunities for studying cue latter in athletic contests on tha racecourse and tha oval are frequently indulged in— (' That '* where the boxing gloves como in' — whi'a the contemplation of esthetics and a eindy of tho arts and sciences is sadly ignored by a large proportion of the commu nity. It is oarnostly hoped by His Worship the Mayor that all tha various Societies will cordially cooperate to make this federation of the arts aud sciences a pronounced success, socially and artistically. As this will probably be the first public function attended by Sir Thomas Buxton an admirable opportunity will thus ba afforded of introducing His Ex cellency to this fair colony, and favourably impressing him with the aspirations of her people. ('Oh.') His Worship has kindly consented to act as Hon. Treaaurar and tha undersigned »a Hoo. Secretary.' The accompanying letter gave the proposed dates of tho demonstration as November 5 and (5, aud a iked the Registrar to bring the projtict befora the Council to secure their co operatiou. The Societies mentioned as likely to co-operata were the Royal Society, School of Mines and Industries, South Australian Branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society, Horticultural and Floricul tural Society, Zoological and Acclimatization Saoiety, Sooiety of Ar5i, Literary Societies' Union, Institute of Architects, Institute of Surveyors, University Shakespeare Sooiety, Adelaide Liodeitafel, Adelaide Harmome Society, Australasian Hoinereading Union, British Medical Association, Association of Registered Medical Practitionersot South Aus tralia, Amateur Photographio Socioty, Ade laide Orpheus Society, Adelaide University Union, University Soiantific Ssc'mty, and the Easel Club. On the motion of Mr. Grainger the dismission of the matter was held over till the next meeting ot the Council. An* Old Pioneer.— Mr. Thomas Nelson Mitchell, a very old colonist, and better known in the early davs as ' Old T.N.,' died at tha Kapubda Hospital on Friday iass kt the age of eighty-nine. He at one timo lived at Mitchell's Flat, somewhere westward of Woodside, and was, we believe, in the service of the .South Australian Company. The deceased was a 'good man' amongst cattle, and to ell old hsnds this remark is suggestive enough. When tha Local Courts were first established in his district he was a very regular attendant, and he conducted hie own oases with rareshrewdntes. Oflateyearshehadbeenliving on the charity of the owner* of the Anlaby Estate, and had been cared for by the late and present Managers, Mr. H. T. Morris and Mr. P. M. Miller, by whom U9 was very kindly treated. 