FOE PREACHERS. The Rev. Dr. Parker, of the City Temple, has .written in the British Weekly spme remarks on the late Dr. Dale, extracts from which are here sub joined. ' In 1851-2 the, Tabernacle in Moore fields was a hive of Bible classes. One of them was conducted by a Times law reporter, and another by a local solicitor of good standing. A young member of one or those classes, 1 am not sure which, told me that they had just lost their moat promising member, a youth named Robert William Dale; ' a splendid speaker,' hecontinued, 'could talk by the hour, and contradict the teacher. Once the now great Dr. Parker in his comparatively modest estate as a young man sought the aid of ' iJale of Birm ingham,' then the great Congregational man of the district; it cost some ex penditure of courage to apply (Dr. Parker has always been painfully timid and modest), but he secured him for a church red-letter day. ' Never was a prominent man kinder to an obscure one. I think he must have dressed down for the occasion, for certainly a less pretentious hat and coat were never seen on the head and back of a Dissent ing minister. Not one of us realised until he had left the town how gracious and charming a visitor we had enter tained. Quite a sense of vacancy {was felt by our little circle, yet a sense of wealth, for we encouraged ourselves to believe that we had gained a friend. As a young minister I was transported with delight. It was a new era for me. I then saw something of what might be possible in the use of the Christian pulpit, and went to work with new and glowing determination.' Our own ministers will find our President just as obliging and gracious in rendering them any help they need, in fact he will let them overwork him. Dr. Parker goes on to say of Dale's preaching :' ' Every sentence wa* a piece of verbal sculpture. His sermons were not miracles of strength at the beginning, falling away paragraph by paragraph into feebleness and syncope. The last sentence was as strong as the first ; the steed of his eloquence, if I may so put it, went forward to the end in a great bound of rampant strength. The level of power was always high. To some persons a little intermission of force would have been agreeable, but intermission there was none ; from first to last the Btrong man went over rough ground and smooth grouud at the same impetuous and irresistible speed. Dr. Dais's religion was emphatically the religion of sublimity. He was overpowered by his own sense of spiri tual wonder. When he prayed he saw the ' angels and; archangels, and all the company of heaven.' The seraphim that glow around the Throne were to him alive,' active, dazzling, and blinding in vital glory. God was 'august;' Eternity was an iufinite dream ; the Day of Judgment was the very ghost and fear of life. The whole intellectual march was stately. It was accompanied by red banners, and military music, and every sign of heroic and righteous con quest. When the high monotone ceased, men felt that no clarion could do more. The argument was Complete ; thebattle must be fought. ? ? This was Dr. Dale of the pulpit — the orator of the great occasion. And, strange to say, this was the Dr. Dale of his own earliest' days. If he did not 'grow' in the ordinary sense of that word, it was because he was from the beginning a great and commanding power. Some of us have had to labour and tug and try again, and only after much blotting, erasure, and interlinea tion, have we been able to shew a fair copy of painful commonplace : but from the first Dale was thorough, massive, and sufficing. I know his sermons. I heard him forty years ago, and I heard him three or four years since, and it was the same mighty and regnant energy. I once asked him why he read his sermons, and he said ' because my command of words is such that aa a young man I could preach standing on my head ; to be condensed is my object in writing my sermons ; if I spoke extemporaneously, I should never sit down.' He had, indeed, an extraordinary gift — I do not say an extraordinary range — of lan guage. His style was not after the type of the rainbow ; it was a gathering of stars. Dr. Dale's sermons were no love-letters sentimentally read ; they were the marching orders of the day — clear, definite, and leaving no room but for prompt and unreserved obedience.' 