NARRATIVES OF THE BUSHRAMHG TIMES TCOPTBIGHT.l . BY CAPTAIN LACIE. THE MACQUARIE GANG. ? -—~ - ? PART XV. Dressed in the dead man's clothes, and as like him as. possible, Brady had little doubt that he would not draw much suspicion. Ke arranged that if he succeeded he would send word or bring it himself. They were lo stop at the house as long as they could ; but if anvthine occurred to drive them away he appointed as a rendezvous a certain glen in the mountains some three miles distant. He had scarcely disappeared in the forest which sur rounded the house when two men rose from behind a log close to which he passed and stared at him. They were in convict dress, and a glance was suf ficient to show that they did not belong to the free section of the people. Their stealthy and covert actions, and the evident pains they took to conceal them selves, showed that they feared detec tion. The two strange-looking men stared as though it was a ghost and not a being of flesh and blood that had gone by and disappeared in the thicket to the left of them. ' It carn't be he, Bill ?' one of the men spoke, in a awe-stricken voice. The man addressed only gazed after Brady intently, and returned no answer. At last he said — ' I got a regular scar ing, Alf ; but, now I think of it, Reddy wasn't near as tall as that fellow. It's some Bolter has got into the house and taken the clothes off.' The two men who thus spoke were no others than the assigned servants who had so treacherously murdered Reddish and his wife a couple of days previously. They had left the house with the intention of going to Low Heads and trying to get off the main land in one of -the smugglers' boats that plied in the Straits. Finding that the convict garb was against the plan they had formed they decided to return to the homestead, where they knew there was a suit or two of clothes which would disguise them sufnVi-;ntiy for their purpose. They arrived bn~k at tVip mmnpnl f lint 'Kr.irlv wns inrivinrr fnr George Town, and, haunted with the vision of the foully murdered man, they at first thought the outlaw chief was Reddish himself. ' That's wot it is, Alf. One of them chaps has been around and taken the clothes we want. Hadn't we better foller and ' pot ' him ?' ' No. Let's go to the hut and see if anything is left. We might pick up something that would help us. Any way, we'll have Lo get some meat, for I'm nearly starving.' They were both in the latter condi tion, if one could judge by the wolfish look in their eyes, and, without further words, they both turned towards tiie clearing. They had just made halfa dozen steps when they stopped simul taneously as though a second ghost had risen in their way — and indeed they had reason to do so. Just emerging from the house were three men carry jfig^an object which the watchers knew but too well. It was the outlaws taking tne Doay oi i\\.eaaisn ro tne sr.auow grave which they had dug some twenty yards from the house. At first the con victs took the party, who thus per formed the last office for the dead, to be neighboring settlers, or men sent from the station to do the work ; but a few moment's reflection caused a dif ferent theory to form in their minds. There were none of the visible mani festations of constituted authority, and if it were only settlers who were thus acting they would be doing an unlawful act. Besides, neither of them could recognise any of those they saw as neighbors, and they knew the surround ing settlers well. The old man had been carried out by two of the outlaws, and when the third man made his ap pearance he did much to solve the doubts and surmises in the minds of the crouching convicts. He still wore convict-dress, and the sight of the de tested garb suggested the solution. A party of bushrangers had come to. the house, and. finding what had occurred, determined to turn it to some account. It could easily be seen that the old couplehad been murdered by the con vict servants, hence why should the latter run away ? One of them for a reason which the men could notfalhom had put Reddish's clothes on, and was making in the direction of George Town. What the motive was con cerned them but little, as the house was the object which their minds were fixed on. They were forestalled in its occupancy, and they mentally blamed their stupidity in not taking what they wanted in the first instance. For? a few minutes they silently regarded the burying operations and saw the bodyiof Mrs. Reddish carried out and thrown into the hole. It was Bill who first spoke, and a smile of devilish cunning lighted up his evil face as- he said to his companion : r s ''I don't see as how Ve can't turn this to account, Alf. Let us to the station and tell the commandant as how the house was attacked by bolters and we got clear away but the old 'uns were collared. That might get us out of the mess.' / The convict's companion at once saw the wisdom of the scheme. / Both of them were in a tight fix, and it would be playing a. trump card if they could shift the blame of the hideous murders on to others' backs. The more they regarded the idea the better it seemed, and as it would be necessary to take immediate action they resolved to at once start for i.aunceston and make a statement to tht authorities. Without further loss of tiiie 'they turned in the direction of the setlpment and reached the outskirts of the' town shorily after noon.' Here they were stopped by a con stable, and they asked to be brought to the civil commandant as they had most important news. Brought before that official they narrated in graphic fashion how the house of Reddish had been at tacked the evening previous by several armed men. They had been taken by surprise and could offer no effectual re sistance, and Reddish and his wife I were both in the bed' upstairs at the time. What become of them they did not know, but it was more than pro bable they fared ill at the hands of the assailants. They had concealed them selves near the house during the night and saw one of the bushrangers leave the homestead dressed in the old settler's clothes, and when they left the place there were still three men at it. Colonel Balfour was at once com municated with, and when he had heard the story he resolved to send a party of soldiers to the place. It was likely enough the assailants would not be there ; but whether or not it would be necessary to send a force to the far.m. Taking six reliable men, he set out about four o'clock in the afternoon and calculated on reaching the place before nightfall. He knew the locality well, and even at night he would have had little difficulty in reaching it. One of the convicts — he called him Bill — ac- companied the expedition, and, as cal culated, they came near the lonely house about sunset. ' - As it was possible tb.e outlaws might be in the vicinity caution was neces sary, and, dividing his party into three, the men approached the house from different directions. They could see smoke rising from the turf-built chim ney, and that showed that either Red dish and his wife were in the house, or the attackers had not yet gone away. I The latter seemed scarcely probable as ! the men, whoever they might be. must ' know of the convicts' escape and the fact that they would give an alarm. After waiting for a few minutes on the fringe of the bush, it was seen that the outlaws had not gone away, and Balfour decided to wait until dusk and then rush the hut. From the manner those in the hut acted they did not appear to expect at tack, and this somewhat puzzled the colonel. As soon as the gathering darkness made objects indistinct the word was given to the soldiers to creep up to the house and at the signal rush in. Balfour himself, who never shirked danger, led the way to the back without the slightest sign that those inside were aware of the near approach of enemies. When the wholeof the party had got that far Balfour moved 'round to the door and simultaneously the men burst in at the door and at the aperture that had been made by Brady to effect an entrance. There were three men inside, who were taken completely off their guard, and in an instant they were over powered and secured. Balfour at once recognised one of the captured men as identical with an as sailant at Bartlett's, and he was ex ucmciy yieuseu iu imu ui;il tney nau thus luckily captured three more of the notorious Brady gang. The chief of them was still at large, and he seemed to have extraordinary luck in thus es caping the authorities. The-captured men maintained a sullen demeanour and would give the colonel no informa tion as to the whereabouts of Brady. Balfour. who was now getting an ex pert in the business of hunting down bushrangers, decided that he would re main in the house for three or four days in the hope that Brady might re turn. It was an off chance, but it was necessary that he should take the pre*' caution in case of the man's retur/. He would send the captured buyri rangers back to Launceaton in ythe morning and remain behind with/two men. Four would be sufficient eicort for the prisoners, and a coup/e of soldiers could be sent back to the'house with food for the colonel. This pro gramme was faithfully carried out with what result the reader will shortly see. We must now return to Brady. He found little difficulty in making George Town, for the day was a fine one and the country favorable, for travelling. The settlement was a small, one, and at j the time, as now, of little importance. It had been a military station of con siderable strength in the first instance, but Launceston had taken the lead as the principal settlement in the north some years previously. The rather awkward navigation of the Tamar River caused many vessels to still go no further than George Town, and for that reason it had been selected by the leader of the bushrangers. At Low Heads, where the Tamar en tered the ocean, there was a signal station which sent intelligence to George Town-, and it was transmitted by similar means to Launceston. There were several low public- houses at the settlement, small as it was, and to one of these Brady went. His appearance created no surprise, and he entered the place as though he were an ordinary customer. There were several men about the place, and the experienced eyes of the outlaw at once formed an opinion as to who and what they were. At that time there were a peculiar class in Van Dieman's Land who were half- pirate and half-bushranger. They were tolerated by the government, for at times they were very useful to the authorities ; but it was simply winking at crime to act as the authorities did. These individuals were called straits men, and, as a rule, each half-dozen — or sometimes less — possessed a boat. When a wreck occurred they went out and seized all the booty they could lay their hands on, and if that sort of busi ness was dull they not unfrequently levied a sort of blackmail on the coast ing craft of the north. „ There were a couple of these fellows in the tap-room which Brady entered, and he soon made their acquaintance. He had money enough to make him self agreeable, and he spent it in good effect. Gradually he wormed out of Mem, without exciting undue suspicion, a considerable amount of information. Ir was seldom known that a ' straits man ' betrayed .the escaped convicts. They invariably sided with them when they had to take sides, and on this oc casion Brady, made such progress into the good graces of his new-found friends that he determined on the bold and risky step ;of. confiding in them; He was an extraordinarily keen reader of character, and he was not mistaken in his judgment of the two men whom he had thus fallen, in with. He .was not i aware at the- time that the reward for his capture, dead or alive, had been in creased to £200 or he might riot have had the courage to tell the men who he was. It was a risky thing, indeed, ' to do; but he resolved to stake his all on ? it, and, taking his companions into an other room, he soon revealed his iden ! tity. He had judged his men rightly, I for the fellows so fair from evincing a i desire to betray him at once entered j into his scheme. They were quite i ready to join in the proposal that Brady j made and could get three others of ? their sort to assist. The whole of them were good sea men, and with the help of Brady and i his three companions they would be I able to take a ship round the world if {necessary. They were sick of the life they were leading, for Governor Arthur was beginning to put the screw on them and the good old times were passing I away. Brady was of opinion that a dozen men would be required to navi , gate a vessel such as they would be j able to seize successfully ; but his com 1 panions told him that some of the crew j of the vessel would be sure to throw in ! their let with them, and the chief | trouble they would experience would be i in the. direction of keeping down the number that would wish lo go with them. i Brady felt that in taking the men ! into his secret he had been wise, for. I they soon revealed information to him which was of the greatest importance/ There was a whaling vessel of about 30° tons burthen then lying at Launceswi, and she was expected down the rive at any moment. She would remain aaay or two at George Town, and the sjraits men were acquainted with the/crew. The latter were a queer lot andyipe for any mischief, so that they wcul/fall in with the piratical proposal whi/h would be made to them. The only/difficulty in the way wns that of Brifly's com panions who had been left f Reddish's farm. As it would be nepsary to set sail as soon as the ship v:fi seized, they must be left behind, unps something was done to obviate stun a necessity. Brady was faithful to hf followers, and, i as he would not descr/them, the straits- j men agreed to fin/ a secure hid ing-place if Brady /'ould bring them close to the station/ They would meet him at a place leys than a mile from the barracks ard during the night would smuggle jne outlaws on to the small boat theyiept on the river. It would be nece/sary to execute the plan at once. Bra/y was of the same mind as the two smugglers, and he decided to go back to fos comrades at daylight the following nOrning. He could then get back abou/ dark. He did not doubt the faith' 7f the straitsmen in the least, nor were/they likely to prove treacher ousr lA the morning he left George Town /s quietly as he had entered it. With7haracteristic caution he was care ful i/ approaching the dead settler's hou/e to guard against surprise. He fan/'ied that he saw a thin wreath of siyoke rising from the chimney as he ruared the place, and that would indi cate the presence of his companions. /He hesitated for a time before going to the hut, and then he approached it stealthily from the back. When he had gone a few yards on the clearing he turned back again for an omen seemed to tell him of coming disaster. He had arranged a signal with his late com t-fiflf': In riisrVi.irrrp ri iniicl-/»t nnA f-Viic he- decided to do. For a few minutes no thing in the way of an answer was given until another shot was fired from the liut. This was the signal agreed on, ; and yet something misgave him that everything was not right. To make sure he decided to make a trial that would be very risky in itself, yet not so liable to end in capture as if he walked to the house. Strolling out into the; clearing, he sat down on a log about So yards from the house and kept a close watch on the place. For nearly half- ' an-hour he thus sat, and he was now convinced that something was wrong in the hut. He would still further test the ' point by another ruse, and he then made a show as if to retreat. He had not gone many yards back towards the bush when three shots were fired from the hut at him and several men ran out of it after him. He had unmasked the enemy in a very unpleasant way, but he trusted to his fieetness of foot and en durance to get away, lie had jus; reached the edge of the cover when a fourth shot was fired, and the ball passed through his right thigh. It did not touch the bone, but inflicted a very i painful wound and affected one of the sinews, as he soon found. He could not run nearly so fast as previously, and he saw at once that he would have to mnirp n fioh'f nf it. 'His niirKiiprs wprp gaining ground, and, turning round, he fired at the foremost soldier. The shot was resultless, and, throwing away the musket, Brady continued his flight. His wound was now beginning to tell on him. He was fast losing his natural courage, which seemed to leave him J with the oozing blood. He still had , two pistols, and, turning for the second time, he fired at the approaching foes, and then as if a nervous fear had seized him he stood stock still and waited for his pursuers to come up. As they sur rounded him he threw down his pistols and was quickly secured. The famous leader of the Brady gang was thus cap tured almost without a struggle. In due time the trial of the outlaws came off, and, of course they were all sentenced to death. The part which the two convicts , took in, the murder of the Reddishs' was also cleared up ; but the authorities, in view of the way they had been instrumental in effecting the capture of the gang, did not execute bift scat them to Norfolk Island. D 40 ,.?..._?';.. (THE;END;.); ,-. '.-,. ... ? 