NOTES AND NOTICES. The appeal by the executors of the late Dr. Thomas Black against the assessment by the master-in-equity of the testator's interest in tbe land at the corner of Collins and Swanston Btreet upon which the \ ictoria buildings are erected was decided by Mr. Justice Hodges in the Supreme Court on May 3 in favour of the revenue. The executors (the Union Trustee Company ol' Australia) stated the value of the property at £60,000, and this was raised by the master-in-equity to £72,656. His Honour considered that the estimates given by the witnesses for the Crown, ranging from £75,000 to £79.000, were excessive, but upon going into figures on his own account, he arrived at about the same final result as the master-in equity. The appeal was therefore dismissed with costs. If the executors' estimate had been adopted the amount of duty payable would have been reduced by £2,966. As it is the net amount of the estate liable to duty is £59,788, and the total duty is £4,663. If the dutiable amount had been kept below £50,000, not only would the duty have been on a lower Bcale, but the estate, being left to the testator's widow and family, would have been liable only to half duty. The funeral of Mr. Cosmo Newbery took place on May 3. The burial was made in the family grave in the Church of England grounds at the St. ? Hilda Cemetery. The first portion of the burial service was conducted by Canon Potter at the residence, after which the remains were conveyed to the place of interment The pall bearers were Mr. J. IT. White, Mr.* G. Lane; Mr. Reginald Murray and Mr. D. Brown, of the MineB department: Mr. W. Davidson, in spector-general of Public'Works ; Mr. J. A. Panton, P.M., Mr. Thornton Boyd, and Mr. A. Newell. Amongst those who attended were Mr. J. Bosisto, Mr. Fitagibbon, Mr. Mountain, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Young (manager of the London Bank of Australia), Mr. G. Perrin (conservator of forests), Colonel Bull, and Mr. G. Downes Carter, M.L.A. The concluding portion of the ser vice for the burial of the dead was read at the grave by Canon Potter also. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. A. A. Sleight, of Collins-street A death from anthrax has caused some excitement in Albury. An elderly man named M'Phee was brought in to the local hospital from Walbundrie Station. Singularly enough he had evidently attempted suicide by cutting his throat, in which there was a big wound, while there were also two in his throat. Two doctor, however, said these woundB had nothing to do with the cause of death. Dr. Andrews, who ia the Govern ment medical officer, declared death had resulted from anthrax poisoning. A very Billy story was published in New Zealand by the A'apicr Teleyra>ih, It was (o the effect that Mrs. Seddon, the wife of the Premier, had Bold some Bank of New Zealand shares to a Mr. Davidson, who had succumbed to the worry caused by his having to pay calls on tbe shares, and that Mrs. Seddon had sold the shares because through her husband she h»d become possessed^ of information concerning the Bank of New Zealand's affairs. The paper in publishing the story Btated that it did not give it credence, but gave it publicity to afford the Premier an opportunity of clearing himself. Mr. Seddon, in a letter to the paper in ques- j tion, details the circumstances wnich led his wife to sell the 'shares, and gcouts the idea that she received information from him, as he knew no more of tbe bank's affairs than was known to other members of Parliament The number of shares sold by Mrs. Seddon was 20 and the purchaser had not died from worry, but is at present alive. In his lecture on " Modern Ghosts and Spirit ualism," at the Athenaeum-hall, the Rev. H. R. IlaweiB took up the r6(e of a "sympathetic outsider." He acknowledged that much fraud and deceit were practised by spirit mediums, who were strongly tempted to resort to con juring tricks when legitimate phenomena were not available, but to condemn spiritual ism entirely on that account were unreason able. As well might it be said that no honest lawyer or righteous clergyman existed. As to ghosts, Mr. Haweis told several remark able anecdotes supplied by friends, though he was unable to relate any personal i experiences, and he put forward the hypo thesis that every person might have his " double "-his thought body as well as his physical body ; that there were times when the thought body might leave its corporal encasement and render itself visible to friends far away ; and that death meant its final departure for other spheres. Brydges Colliver, a solicitor's clerk, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment by the City Bench last week for embezzling £677 (in three sums) from Messrs. Cuthbert, Hamilton, and Wynne. He appropriated moneys he should have paid into the firm's banking account. Colliver escaped from Melbourne in a P. and O. steamer, but was stopped at Colombo and brought back. He pleaded guilty, and the sentence was one year on each charge, or three years in all. BradsheuJD's Guide to Victoria for May, with railway map, is to hand from Messrs. Still well and Co. Recent alterations in the rail way time-tables are given, the times of closing of inland mails, the list of post-office loose- bags revised to date, in addition to the titneB of high water at Williamstown for May and June. Mr. Downward, M.L.A., and Mr. Barrett, M.L.A., being the most recently elected members of the Legislative Assembly are to be asked to more and second the Address in Reply to the Governor's speech on the open ing of Parliament on the 29th inst. It is anticipated that during the course of the next financial year 65 officers in the Rail way department and 35 in the public service who will attain 60 years of age in 1895-6 will be retired on pensions. Lieutenant Templeton, of tbe Victorian Permanent Artillery, is proceeding to Albany to act for a year as second officer in command of the garrison at the fort at King George's Sound. He to the first officer who has gone outside tbe colony in a federal capacity. A return has been prepared showing that during last year 403 teacners left the Educa tion department, jOf these 201 were classified head teachers, 98 assistants, 47 pupil teachers, 47 sewing-mistresses, and 10 re lieving teachers. Daring 1894, however, there were 61 unclassified head teachers Appointed and 18 monitors,' leaving a, net decrease of 839 in the strength of the teach ing staff. This refealt has been largely brought about by the voluntary retirement of teachers and the amalgamation of schools, a policy which has saved the state an annual expenditure of £40,000, as so many teachers are not required as formerly. Hypnotio influence in surgery has been tried snooessfully in Adelaide, in the removal without pain of a tumour. According to the report in the Adver tiser, the doctor informed his patient, whilst she was in the hypnotic state, that she was not to ieel any pain while the opera tion was being performed nor afterwards. This wae on Sunaay. On Tuesday morning the doctor visited his patient and found that she had not felt the leaBt pain since the operation was performed. The patient had also been told that she was not to move her left arm from a certain position until permis sion was given her, and the doctor found the arm in the position indicated, and learned that she had not made any attempt to alter it since Sunday. A curious defence was raised at a court martial in Sydney. The accused was J. IL Coulson, paymaster of H.M.S. Mildura, who was charged with embezzlement. His defence was that he had been suffering from an illness which rendered him unfit to perform the work of accountancy. He admitted that his balances were incorrect, but stated that the discrepancies arose from mistakes or losses due entirely to the unhappy condition of his mind, as he never applied one penny to his own use. He did not gamble or specu late, and had ample means for his personal wants, as he was in receipt of regular remit tances from hiB parents. The Court found him guilty of negligence and desertion, and the charge of embezzlement not proved. Taking into consideration the prisoner's previous good character, they simply ordered that he be dismissed from the ser vice. i Some honorary magistrates in Melbourne make a most indecent use of their position. In a case heard at the Port Melbourne Police Court on Monday an employer took his seat on the bench while his foreman was being tried for assault. He did not adjudicate, but left his seat on the bench to give evidence in the man's favour. The Bench fined the man £10 tor the assault, whereupon the employer (Mr. Close, of Close and Laurens, stevedores) held a consultation with them, and as a result they reduced the fine to £5, " as he had a wife and child to keep." In this manner Mr. Close practically succeeded in adjudicating after all. Counsel on the other side protested against Mr. Close sitting on the bench, but all the reply he got was, " Oh, I'm very comfortable here." Mr. George Anderson, deputy master of the mint in Melbourne, is retiring from that position, and Mr. Robert Barton has been appointed to act as temporary master. The Imperial Government will appoint a successor to Mr. Anderson, as this is one of the few positions in the colony remaining in the gift of the mother country. It is under that Mr. Anderson retires simply on account of his having reached the superannuation age, which is 65 under the Imperial rules. He has been 10 years in Melbourne. The Rev. James Clarke, who was recently respondent in a divorce suit instituted by his wife, in Sydney, has filed a petition in bank ruptcy. He estimates his assets at £150. being the unpaid amount of his stipend, and his liabilities at £160, most of which are law costs. He is also liable under a bank bond for £500 in connection with a debt on.the church at Kogarah, an outlying Sydney suburb. Mr. Wm. WemysB Rose, a relative of the late Lord Strathnairn, and a colonist oi 54 years' standing, died in Sydney on May 5, aged 79. In his early years lie held a com mission in the 42ud Highlanders, out of which he sold, and in 1841 came to New South Wales under an agreement with the Union Bank, with which institution he con tinued to be connected tor 30 years. Two of his sons occupy prominent positions in the Victorian banks I Mr. Alcehurst, the secretary of the Law I departmont; Mr. Panton, P.M.; and Com-1 mander Collins, the secretary of the Defence department, are to be asiced to act as a board to inquire into the alleged removal of certain documents lrom a safe in the Public Works department, to which prominence was given in the libel ca3e, Downie v. the Herald, in the Supreme Court A little boy, the son of a Mr. Falkenhagen, of Louth, in New South Wales, wandered off into the bush last week and got lost. He was tracked 30 miles and over a rabbit proof fence before he was found. He spent five cold nights in the bush without food or water, and when discovered was still walk ing, though much exhausted. It is understood that Mr. Matthew Byrne, chief clerk in the Crown Law department, is to be promoted to the vacancy among the sheriffs caused by the retirement of Mr. Ellis. Mr. Byrne is an officer who has been a long time in the service. He is now one of the patrons of athletic sports. In his young and active days he held a good place among oarsmen on the Upper Yarra. In those times that are past Mr. Byrne used to write on aquatics in The Australasian as "Cloanthus." Several years ago he had a severe and obscure illness, and getting leave of absence, went to England, where it was discovered that his ailment was lead poisoning. The malady was traced on his return to Mel bourne (fullv recovered) to a house tank, about which no suspicion had been enter tained. Mr. Byrne lias many well-wishers within and without the service. Sir Anthony Brownleas has been re-elected chancellor and Sir John Madden vice chancellor of the Melbourne University. Mr. Zoz, M.L.A., is to have another wrestle with the question how the charitable in stitutions are to be supported. He has convened a freBh meeting of. the Charities Commission to reconsider their former re commendations. These were.in favour of municipal rating, for the purpose; but the Premier fears tbat the municipalities would object, -in view of his income tax, the reduction of the municipal- subsidy, and the .decline in municipal values. Consequently the commission will try to reoast their report, . ( ? Another gratifying discovery ha9 been made on the Jumbunna ooal-field in South Gippsland. Aaeam 3ft. 8in. thick has been found by boring' at' a depth of 298ft. The Government intend asking Parliament to authorise some railway construction to provide the unemployed with winter work. It is almost certain that toe Glen rowan to Hedi line will be one of those submitted ; and the short extension of the Neerim line in Gippsland is another likely selec tion. Women are to be the, saviours of democracy, is the opinion" of the Rev. Dr.' Bevan, pastor of the Collins street Congregational Church.,, Address ing a meeting in Sydney, on Tuesday night, be saidHe had, attendea ^ log, an(l had oome^away with the conclusion that its members were oertainly not wiser than many assemblages of women over whom be had presided. The men there were en* Raged in wasting time, by using the forms of the House to delay business. That really was a serious matter, for such things were causing doubts to spring up as to whether Parliamentary government ought not to cease. It was because he believed in Parlia mentary government and wished to see it conserved that he would bring women into it. He was sure that if democracy were to be saved it would be saved by the women. The Senate of the Melbourne University, by 13 to 10, has carried a motion in favour of the abolition of the May matriculation ex amination. A fine of £100 for smuggling 20d. worth of iap is a heavy punishment for what BeemB a small offence. Lee Samuelson, employe! on a lighter at Williamstown, has had thta penalty inflicted upon him by the locaJ Bench, which, however, had no other option under the act than to impose the fall penalty. The Customs department, which prosecuted through Itevenue-Inspector Christie, explained that they wished the result of this case to act as a deterrent to the great amount of pillaging and petty robberies from the lighters in the bay. Mr. Neale, one of the justices, pointed out that there wa9no evidenoeof theft in this case, and if even so it was ridiculous to impose a fine of £100 for defrauding the Crown of something less than 2s. He trusted that their verdict would be petitioned against, and lie for one would readily sign such a petition. The tide in the bay has thrown np at odd times many strange objects, but seldom any more uncanny than that which was found on the St. Kilda beach on Tuesday morning by Mr. John Henry Green, of Carlisle Btreet. Mr. Green was walking along the beach, and when 200 yards east of the Red Bluff he stumbled upon a human head. It was just above the line of the last tide. Mrs. Currell, of Reid-street, Albert-park, on Wed nesday identified the head as that of her husband, James Currell, who had been miss ing since April 25. A medical examination however, shows that Mrs. Currell was mis taken. Whose skull it is remains a mjBtery, Mr. F. E. Rogers, Q.C., and Drs. Manning and Sydney Jones have been appointed a commission to inquire into the Dean poison ing case in Sydney. An " Arbor Day " has been instituted In several of the other colonies with much success, and an attempt to acclimatiBe it here is to be made. On the suggestion of the Mayor of Melbourne the Lands and Educa tion departments are to fix a suitable date, towards the end ot this month, on which state school children may undertake general tree-planting. Even great men are soon forgotten. Sir John Robertson's grave in the South Head Cemetery at Sydney is neglected. A visitor the other day, after an ineffectual Bearch, had to enlist the services of the sexton's wife to point out the grave. Alongside the eastern boundary of the bleak cemetery is a mound Buflicii iitly elevated to suggest the fact of its being a grave. Without a headstone of any description, with the wild native grasses vieing with one another in seeking to smother a solitary chrysanthemum, the Bpot looks more like the grave of a pauper than the resting place of one who for nearly half a century was a central figure in the public and political life of the colony. The fruit export trade from Tasmania has grown astonishingly. The trial shipment of 100 cases was made in 1884. This season (10 years later, that is) the Orient boats alone have taken 150,000 cases to London. The P. and O. R.M.S. Parramatta is the record holder for this Beason with 22,493 cases. Nothing will convince some people, appa rently, ot the hopelessness of "New Aus tralia." On the last trip of the Rotomahana from Sydney she took a governess, and a station hand with his wife and family, to go from New Zealand via Monte Video to the settlement. They came from North Queens laud. Six other persons are to leave Sydney this week by the Talune for the same destina tion. The Anglican Bishop of Melanesia believes that the people of his diocese of islands, will ultimately become a united " Pacific nation. " We endeavour (he says) to break down tribal barriers, and to make the inhabitants i of the various islands look upon themEelves | as one people. Sir John Thurston hopes to see them speak one language, preferring the Fijian tongue ; but they do not seem anxious to learn that language. They have a great desire to learn English, and vie hope to teach English more widely than in the past, ine islands will become the spice gardens, of the world, but they will never be inhabited by Europeans." In the Greener gun wise, the plaintiffs, who gained a verdict for £'j,jOO in al i applied to the Supreme Court to attach cer tain moneys due to the defendants to Abrahamsee. They alleged that the defen dants pretented to have sold their bus' ness to one Hadlow, to all intents and purposes a rabbit hawker and a man ot small means, and to their two sisters, Estherand Miriam Abrahams. The allegatiQn Pra0" . cally was that the Abrahamses were tn M to | evade the judgment. An order to attach granted. Last week Mr. H. F. Eaton, the under treasurer, retired from the public sen his pension after having been 42 j ears m tn employment of the Government. Mr. Clement Wragge, .^e Queensland meteorologist has obtained lea\£:, ^ Tasmania and report on on establish a meteorological obsenato) Mount Wellington. The Rev. J. D. Robertson, of Yarrawonga, has been chosen as Moderator dee ?n ^ the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, assumes office in November next A Chinese leper has escaped Point Nepean lazaretto. He » « ftom have set ont for Melbourne by cea8ee. Mornington, but there mformationcea^ The leper's name,is Ah Song, years oFiffe, 5ft, Sin# in heiRbt, oie-tail* ra.no hair on face, and weaw > Upon this sufficiently vague description^ Chinaman) the Melbourne police are taking the task of finding him. By fire at sea the «MP S?,!TLroe^asbe®} her way from London the \,0at8 and destroyed. The crewttwkto general reached land safely, She baa a b A singular unrest has the various I the railway oommissionersbip latest to |colonies. South Aus^haw.the^ make a change. The oornm Messrs. term of office was «P were gS. None H. Smith, John Hil^andA.^ W ^ ^ Saw whJSs ^ SnSUmSSTto«4,Wfc SmlW out from England Boon after Mr. Speight, nnd sometime before Mr. Eddy, He has ?proved too strong and independent to please Adelaide politicians. Mr. Smith and his colleagues managed the lines admirably, .An oldAnjtlo-French bankine and exchange | house in its last privatecircularto Continental clients, written in Flinch, warned them against touching anything in New Zealand, on flccountof the wantof principle in financial matters displayed by the New Zealand penjile. Convent life had lost its charm for Mias Jane Kyan, aged 22, who had been a proba iioj)er at St. Joseph's Convent, Goulburn. On Wednesday, therefore, she set out for .Sydney by train, intending to take a situation as governess. But early on Thursday morn ing her body was found on the railway line, nnd the police have come the conclusion that she committed suicide by throwing herself out of the carriage. 