6UVMENT0USE GOSSIP. My age is just.oow flve-ind-twenty, Lorereof cooreb I've got in plenty; Stout and tMo, and ebort and tall, One 's as A.D.G. A.t Gnvmentouae X met my doom, lie wlnVd at me as be pare'd my room, He looks like a so au not worth a 1 c eat-;/ Bat tbat Is enoagb for xne. The Butler compares Christmas in Austra lia with Christmas in England, dla advan- tageously, of 'course, to the iormer— Maud Matilder rushes to the Bescue, and is Keproved— Australia is a Topsy Turvey Country, with no Holly, no Mistletoe, no BeBpectful Tenantry, and no Smock-frooked Peasantry— Interest- ing Reminiscences of the Shades of John Hampden, the Patriot, and Lucius Cary, Viscount Falkland, bewailing the Deca dence of their Country— Maad Matilder recounts some Personal Recollections of Christmas In England— A Painful Story Local Matters, etc. Guvmentouse, 21st December 1895. Deer Irvtp, We 'ave all been very blizy bnrnishin' up and gettin' ready for Christinas at Moss Vale. The upper servings just from Hingland don't take kindly to the time of year; its two 'ot they say. ' I cannot disassociate myself from tbe fac,1 says the batter, ' that this h.ere'a not Christ mas time. Your 'oily aint like our 'ollv, your missletOD aint our missletoe, your ever greens aint our evergreens. Green peas aint got to be grown under glare, and storberries don't require forcin*. Your WaratahB are wonders, and your Desert !Peas are 'ot ouse flowers. This is topsy-turveydom with a ven geance : fancy Christmas without enow ' Tou can't 'ave Christmas without snow; Maud Matilder.' ' I have an idea, Mr Yellowplush, that in Palestine, where the fust Christmas that ever was took place, they did without snow at tbe time.' ? Maud Matilder,' replied the bntler severely, 'you should not make a mockery of Sacred Subjics. I am afraid, young 'ooman, th&t; your morals Vre deteriDrayted dnrin' your long koVlownial experience. - You 'aye J)eeu away from 'orne some time now, conBequeniialy ybur mind 'as lorst its native superior tone. Not only 'ave you no enow, and no proper 'oily, nor missletoe, but yon 'ave no robin xedbieasteses, no mince pieB, and but few plum puddin's. Your birds are strange; where's your pheasants, and your partridges, and your grouse ? Then again, where's your respectful tenantry to wait upon hiB Lordship and 'ooray when he goes to Church? His Lordship's tenantry should be here on ChriBtmas l£ve, and should be received by the etooard .with wine and cake, and all that I'm told that there's no tenantry at all in this blessed coon try, and what there is ain't properly respect full Where's the smock-frooked jieasantry to 'old the gates open as His Lordship parses through, and touch their knuckles to their fore'eads as he parses. Smock-frooks and proper xespecks to parsters and marstsrs and all peepil placed in proper authority over ns | are nart and parssel of ChriBtmas, but all that is wantin' in this country ?' 0s upper servings were arst into the still room ths other afternoon by tbe 'ousekeeper, just to 'ave a glares of wine and a chat so the talk naterally turned on the season. ' The great want of this country,' re marked the butler seutentiouely, 'is that there's no great County Famblies to give tone to Sassiety. No Manor 'Oiuses, like that of Glynde; no Moated Granges, like that of Ghalgrove; no fambly ghoeteses, and no nothin' reverential. Things get too demmy cratick altogether out here — the peepil 'ave got outer the 'ands of their proper leaders, their, parsters and marstere. I haven't seen any ghostes myself, but it was the common tork of the country Bide; both in Sussex and Bucks, that when Gladstone proposed to 'aud over Ireland to Bed Kepublickans aud Socialists (which is what made My Lord leave the party), the sperit of John Hampden was seen to ride three times ronnd Chalgrove Field, and to cry in a mournful tone each time — ? My bleedin' country, did I die for thief' and then to disappear like greased litenin' in a goossberry-bush 1 I didn't see it myeelf, 1 but my brother's wife'e cousin's young man I did, and he 'as orften and orften repeated it in my 'earin. Then, when the Church Dis establishment BUI fust came on ? in Parley ment, the pleeeeman over in Westminster Yard one winter's night see the statoo of Lord Viscount Falkland (him that was killed at Newbury),- get off his peddlestal, tramp round and round the. Palace Yard, aud when he got orpoBite the Abbey, the figger cried in a loud voice— My King, my Country, and my Church 1 —All, ell, all — going-to pot. And just, as Big, Boa struck one. Lord Falk land's statoo remounted his peddeBtal and fixed hisself up as a (Sarst-iron' iminidge agen. That pleecemsn afterwards got promoted, which is proof positive of the truth of his statement I mention these remarkable oo ourrenosB,' said the butler, 'as they are in terestin' instances of the powerful Uold on publick hopinion possessed by .tbe Hancestors of the Great Hinglish Famblies of to-day — and I cannot trace their counterpart in Horse tray lia.' ? Come, now, Hand,' said the House keeper, 'can't you gi?e us any of your personal experienoes of Christmas ?' Now, I did not want to recount to them whst a very painful experienoe I had with my 'usb&nd; just this time -last year, who was then on a ' bender,' as the sayin' is, and mad with drink, bavin' the delirium triminins that bad, that it took four to 'old him, so I up and says — 'Well, I must say I like this climate best Give me Hingland for comfort and saseiety,' says I, 'but give tne Horsetraylia for climate. I oan't abide cold, and 1 can't abear snow. The coldest winter I ever knew was when I was . a bitof a girl about seven. We lived in Young [ street, Kensington, st the time, olose against Kensington Square. Father kep' a small stationery and noospaper shop, nex' dore to Merriman's the ohemist's. There was a ana in front of the 'ouse and oleanin' them stone steps of a morain' made my knees raw I can I J#. *£'? Peter, but t tols only a slip o£ a girl and my stepmother was a bit of an old faggot I only wish I conld get within Ooo-ee of her notr, ehs'd get ths rough Bide of my tongue I can tell yer. Well, ss I was sayin', it was an orfal cold winter, Kensington *Igh-street was like a sheet of ice, and I've seen 'em skating along tho roadwaj. The busses couldn't run even with roughened shoea on their 'orseB, and the milkmen used to como round with straw tied round thoir feet and logs — the pavements were all like slides — that slippery- — * . ^ - How long ago was that ? 1 eaid the butler— 'Ah, ah,' said I, 'yon don't oatch xne, Mr. YeUowplaah. I've just told you that 1 wos a elip of a giirl between 7 and 8 years o£ age at tho time, so you don't get me to tell yoa how old I am kwite so easily,- Anyway, it was a very kold Erismass many years ago. It was ahout the first Krumass Here that I can distinctly remember. My stepmother had been ekoldin' and slappin1 me all day, and I was Beiiously thinhin' of runnin' away and goin* to Amerika, like brother Tom did. We never menshntned Tom's name at home, because it always made father cry and step-, mother cross, so wen I wanted to tork about I him, I ueter do so with the little gurl at the | ohemist's sest door. That nite it hlew grate guns, and the sleet came down every now and | again with showers of hsil between the | squalls, and jas it froze hard aU night* it was terribly cold by morain'. Horoio' came^ | and instead of it beia' a fine, -£ear, sunshiny ! day, like it is out here,* it was a black look I out in Young-street, I can t$U you. Step mother hunted me ont of bed to light the kitchen fire, and ae ' I went down I thort I heard some one groanin' outside the passage door that led to the front area. So up I goes and tells lier, but she eays I'm a bleseid [ little fool and a kowhard, and to take no I notice, but light that fire, as she'll stand no* ! nonsense. Down I goes agin, and heard ths j groans ttubs than ever, so 1 calls to father, and after grate grumblin' on the part of step ' mother, at laist he came down and opened | the dore, when who should wc see but brother ! Tom ? ! 'Brother Tom had come home repentantoo I Chxifitnka8 Eve, late at night, and had slipped down those 'orrid, airy steps ; he had tumbled I down them and broke his leg. He was too faint to call out, and so all through that wretched night Tom's young life slowly ebbed away, and as father and X dragged him inside, he breathed his last He wished me a Happy New Tear joet as he died. 1 can't bear to think of it even now, aod I certainly can't abide peepil comparing this climate with that of Old Hingland, at Christmas time.' The bare recollection of poor Tom's sad end caused me to break down and sob out right, so the 'Oosekc-eper (good old eon!) came over and eays, * Maudy, deer/ says she, ' don't take on, there's a deer aonl ; we all 'ave oar trubbles, poor deer, and we must bear up agen 'em. itr YellowpluEh,' says she, 'yoa may give Matilder another glarse of wine.' Which the bntler did, and 1 speedily recovered, Then Buttons, he too come along and he says, putting 'is 'and to 'is 'art, ' Matilder, for my sake, bear hup.' ' Go along, im« perence,' eays X, giving him at the 6ame time asound smack on the ear, that made every body larf ([except Buttons), and put us all iu good humor again . The chaplain tells me that there is some talk of a great Clerical Cycling Carnival coming of£ with tbe principle event open to all Horsetrajlian Bishops and Beans. These clerical dignitaries are already suitably clothe! for cycling competitions, and so wonld not have to change their nether garments. The Guvnor went to see 'Robbery Under 1 Arms ' at Her Majesty's lant Thu&day.; The management had to substitoot tbat piece for 'Hie Natural Life 'in order to get our patronage. Marcus Clark's piece ie too dettrymental to cons ti tooted ortborities to be safely witnessed by Guvmentouse peepil, while Boldre wood's drama, being written by a Police Magistrate, is considered to be prefer able. I think there's Eix of one to arfa dozen of the other abont 'em, and Alphon&o; says the 'Hobbery 7 is the wnsser of the tw-% By * wu&ser; ' he don't mean worse acted, but more calculated to appeal to the cannile. He's great on cannile is Alphonsa. He bad a French tutor when young. The Guvnor's bos was Ter/ prettily deckorated for the ockashun with flowers and bokays by Searle, of King-Street The Management had on most bewtifully embroidered clean biled and clear 6tarched shirts, and looked as bewtifol as the bokays. The Guvnor larfed very 'arty when Alf Woods oezne leaping over a £ re barred gate on to the stage, and Eaid he sup posed he learnt how to jump by watching the kangaroos, I'm a bit afraid that the 'andsome A.&. Cong has got abitmasheion LilyDampier, as Sylvia Tickers, and I'm not sure if he didn't go round to the green-room of her Majesty's Theavter on Thusday night. Them actresses always ta fee the wind out of the sails of us sassiety ladies. The garding party was an immense sucksess, refreshments and musick going -all the afternoon, Lady 'Ampden wore an electric bine chine striped silk, finished with jetted guipure, small bonnet with cream flowers. MIi68 Brand wore pale blue with ficille colored embroidered bodice, her sisters were gowned in pink and heliotrope respec tively. The £ambly had a loil aril most gratty fying reception at Moss Yale yesterday. The Mayor and Aldermen were all potograffed for the ockasion. I was left behind, partly to fin\6h this letter, and partly to bring up the fambly washin' on Monday, when I join the rest of the vice- regal entourarge (that's the proper word, I believe) at their residents for the olidajg. I send you my potografi — instentaneous — taken by Brand, of Park-street, on a Hu.rn.ber bike. I think I look quite as well as Alice Learner — there now. Anyhow, 1 ain't afraid to challenge comparison. Wishing yoa a 'uppy Christmas, I remanc, Deer Tbuth, ? Yours ancetrer, MAUD MATILDER. 