A Montana Divorce Suit. Bt W. L. ALpES is. • “ IHP. iDLEJi.” “ You saw that tall chap standing on the rear platform ot the express when she went through here' this morning’'” said the Jericho station-master. “ He’s the athensville Baptist preacher, and he’s on his way to Chicago to give his testimony in the great divorce suit. What! I never told von about any divorce suit? Well! you surprise me; for that there divorc’e suit is just the biggest thing of the kind we have ever had in this section of the conntry. “ That Baptist preacher hasn’t anything to do with it except to swear that he married the plaintiff and the defendant. There’s nothing orooked about the Rev. Mr Humphreys. He’s as good as they make ’em, though I say it myseif; and I don’t think much of Baptists as a general thing, having been brought np a Methodist, though I resigned from them when I was made a conductor, which is a berth that a man can’t do any thing with unless he can swear a blue streak when the occasion arises. “Tbishyer preacher took charge of Athens ville Baptist Church a ' matter of five years ago, and being a wonderful man for managing a church, and making it attrac tive to the general public, it wasn't long before he had the largest congregation of any preacher in. the place. That year the people built him a new church twice as big as the old one. .It stands on the hill abont a mile ont' of Athensville, for when it was built it was cai’lated that the town would grow in that direction, which somehow it hasn’t done. “ I tell this just to show what an enter prising man the parson was. He insisted on having the tallest Bteeple to his new church that could be found anywhere in Montana territory, and b’gosh! he got it. People used to come from miles away'to climb np in that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, the country being too hilly in these parts to have much scenery, but for ;all that people were anxious to say that they had been to the top of the steeple. “There was an old maid in Mr Humph rey’s congregation who’was more determined to get married than any woman you ever saw. : _She was one of those thin, preaer'ring ~ iooKmg women and' a 'mighty, dangerous ; sort they are. Miss Payson, which was 1 this lady’s ' name, was bound to marry a young man by the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was abont as sensible and well-behaved a chap as there was in all Athensville. Of coarse, he didn’t have the least idea of marrying the woman, bathe was one of those good-tempered chaps thatare always afraid to say no when a woman asks them to do anything. Good temper is the rail of "lots of foiks. It‘s kept me down, I know that If I’d been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows that never does a kind action if he can help it, I should have been superintendent of this road in stead of being only a station-master atone of the smallest stations in the Territory. Never yon be too good-tempered. Of the two, it rains more men than whisky. “ One day, Miss PayBon she gets yonng Halsey to take her np in the steeple of the Baptist Church. Yon see, visitors were al ways going np that steeple between the hours ot ten and five, during .which the sexton stayed at the church to attend to things, and See that everybody conducted themselves as they should. At 5 o’clock he locked np the door that led to the steeple, and then he locked np the church door and went home for the night. “Mis9 Payson and her yonng man went np the steeple abont three o’clock in. the afternoon, but she said she enjoyed it so much that Halsey W03 prevailed upon to stay there with her a good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointing out all the houses in the town and every hill .and valley in the whole neighborhood; and when she finally asked him to look at his watch and toll her the time, she was. as the pretended, dread fully alarmed to find that it was half-past five. Halsey ran down the stairs and found that the door was locked, and nobody was within hearing. The se,xton had forgotten that there was anyone up the steeple and had locked up and gone home at five o’clock, as usual. Halsey came back and told Miss Pay son, who hurst into tears, and said that her re putation was rained. She and Halsey would have to spend the night in the steeple, unless he was willing to jump ont of the window and break his neck, and she wonld rather die a thousand times than iet him do that. “Halsey v^as considerably scared himself, for he saw that, unless He could iuvent some way of getting Miss Payson ont of that steeple, • he wonld have to marry her whether he wanted to or not. He thought the matter over for a while. Miss Payson weeping her level best; and resting her head in a forgetful sort of way on his shoulder. Finally a bright idea struck him. Thera was the bell rope, which was a stoat one-inoh manilla. Why shouldn't he lower Miss Payson to tie ground with it, and then slide down it him . self ? “ He explained his plan to the lady, hat shedidn'tseemtolikeit. She said she was sure the rope would break, or that he would drop it, or that’ she would be killed in some sort 1 of way if the., experiment was tried. No,’ 1 says she, ‘ I will remain here, and trust to yonr honor as a gentleman to fief end. me > from the sneers of the. heartless world. - I really haven’t the courage to allow you to lower ms down this awful height with any i rope. i - “Halsey wouldn’t hear to her objections, i and argued with her along time. It wasn’t * until he accidentally mentioned that the ' steeple was just chock full of mice, and rats, i and bats, and such that. Miss Payson cob 1 sented to try . the rope. Even then she was a mighty dissatisfied woman, and came very near resolving that she wonld take the risk of i the wild animals rather than Icae such a first ’ class chance of capturing a desirable husband.' Halsey ' rigged up a . sort of seat for the woman, so that ; she 7 could ' sit in the bight of the rope, with lashings around her here and there, and couldn’t fall out if she wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the window, ledge, and lowered away. Miss Payson shrieked a good dealat first and begged Halsey -to let ; her come back'and die close to him, but he wasn’t going to have Any woman dying around his neck if he knew himself. So he, lowered' her down gently and easily, encouraging her all the time,' till he found that his rope had come to an end. It wasn't quite as long as he "had supposed'that it was, and the upshot was that there was Miss Payeon about thirty feet from the ground, with no possible way of reaohing it nnlesB Halsey should let go his hold of the rope. 44 He thought of letting go of it, hut, being a humane, good-tempered man, as I have said, he couldn’t bring himself to do it, since the result would have been that either bliss ; Payson wonld have been killed ox at least 1 most of her limbs would have been broken. So he made the end of the rope fast to a beam, and called out to Miss Payson not to'lose courage, and he wonld soon think of some way of getting her out of the difficulty. She begged him to draw her up again, and he - aotuaily tried to do it, knowing all the while what the consequences would be if he succeeded ; but he found that ho didn’t have the neces sary strength. . bliss Payson was heavier than she looked to be, though she was mostly hones; bnt she was a good seventy-five feet below him and it would have taken two men of his strength to have hoisted her into the steeple again. He palled at the rope till he was pretty near exhausted, for he natur ally felt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that :he wasn’t strong enough.to do. However, .he bad to come to it at last, and tell her that if it I was to save both their lives he couldn’t manage to pull hex back into the steeple. So she settled down to cry, and he settled down to smoke a pipe, with a view to ; clearing ;hia ideas. . “ Affibf a sudden he'saw what Ira ought to do, aod wondered that he had been such an •idiot as not to have seen it before. There was the bell just above hie head, and all he had to do was to climb np and ringgit by swinging' tbu clapper from side to side, till' the alarm should bring back the sexton wfth the keys. By this time it was getting rather dark, and Hakey set to work at that bell,: and kept on tolling it slow and regular, for that was the only way he could manage'to ring it. “ It’s the ' custom with us'to toll the bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on the bell as the deceaeed had lived years. When Halsey began to toll that bell the Athens ville people listened to find out how old tiie deceased had been. When the strokes had get up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in the town must have died very sudden, for he bad been seen drunk as usual and in perfect health that afternoon as late as three o’clock. But the bell kept on, and soon, after it had tolled some two hundred axd fifty times, and showed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that the sexton had j net happened to hear about the death, of Methuselah, and wasnotifyingother people of thefact. “ You may ask why didn’t somebody go to the church and find out what the . bell waB ringing for. Well, for one thing it was just sapper time, and nobody felt anxious to take a walk of a mile or two jost at that honr. Then, too, it had been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wasn’t any general de sire' to interfere with ghosts in case they should have taken a notion to toll the bell. The -tolling kept on till Halsey had tolled the bell four hundred times, and then the Rev. Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot; and when heheard Miss Payson’s voice some where in the air over'his head, he was con siderably startled, though not being a be liever in ghoBts he wasn’t the least bit fright ened. “ ‘How on earth did you come up there, ma’am ? ’ asks thej Minister. ‘ And what are you tolling the bell for?' 44 MisB Payson explained what was the matter. She said that she and Mr Halsey had come to the church in the afternoon oal ’lating to find the parson there, and to get married ; that not finding him they had gone into the steeple to see the view and had acci dentally been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minntes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr Hum phreys wonld marry her to Mr Halsey with out another minute's delay, and so save her repntation, even if it didn’tsave her life. Tha minister wanted to send for heip, and get her ' safe onthe solidgroandTjefore'mSrrying'Eeiv' but die said that she most be married before she could dare to face. any of her townsmen. Sach, she said, were also dear Mr Halsey’s views; and if Mr Humphreys had the feelings of a man and a Christian, let alone a Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage sei vice. . “ Mr Humphreys finally consented, and called out to Halsey to nod when he should see the minuter wave his right arm, that being the only way in which Halsey conld make the responses, seeing as his voice didn’t fairly reach' to the ground. Having arranged this s&tis; Ifactorily, as he thought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he had MisB Payson married to Mr Halsey. Just then the sexton came up with the keys and knowing where be could lay his hand on a length of rope, he took it up into the steeple with him, and bent it on to the bell rope. Then he and Mr Halsey lowered Miss Pay son to the ground, and came down the stairs together. “ 4 You’ll find your wife waiting for you in the graveyard,’ said Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsey. ‘ She’s naturally a little excited, and she’s resting on a flat tombstone.’ " ‘If you mean Miss Payson,' says Halsey, 41 can’t understand why you call her ray wife.’ “ 41 call her your wife,’ said the minister, 4 because I have just married you two, and I don’t allow no man to question the binding character of any marriage that I have a hand in.’ “4 Married ns !’ nried Halsey. 4 When and where 'l This is the first time I have heard of it.’ 1,4 Young man,’ says the parson,4 tnia hyer’s a serious Bubject, and I don’t ap prove oi jokes on either weddings or f auerals. Mibb Payson told me when she was swinging there in the air that yon and she wanted to be married the worst way, and so I married yon. If there is any mistake Fm. not to blame. I’ve done my beat as minister of the Gospel, and if you don’t like it yom can go to the Divorce Court and see if you can get it altered. I tell you candidly that I don’t believe any court will listen to you,, for my marriages are ironclad and bullet proof every time, and worth a good sight more than five- dollars that I’m waiting for you to pay me. 44 Well, Halsey went home pretty mad. without waiting to see Miss Payson, and the very next day he begins a suit for divorce. That’s the great divorce suit I was telling you about when I. pointed out the Rev. Mr Humphreys to you. It’s been dragging., along for four . year*. - Sometimes it’s decided in favor of Halsey, and sometimes, in. favor of Miss Payson, and then it’s alway s appealed, and has to be tried.; over again. Miss Payson, Bhesdcks to it that Halsey had agreed to marry her, and that he . under-/ stood perfectly well everything the parson said while the ceremony was going on. The parson;, says that Halsey nodded as was agreed neon when he asked him if he toon Miss Payson to be his wedded wife, and all that sort of thing, and that Halsey had hold of .the rope, that was tied to Miss Payson, which wag all the same as having hold of her hand. Ou the other hand, Halsey swears that he ' never meant to marry the woman, and never knew that a marriage ceremony was being gone through, but that he just nodded out of friendliness when he saw the parson waring, his hand at him. The evidence, as you oan see, is pretty straight Bgainst him, and whan he does happen to get a verdict it costs himla' powerfnl lot of money, for our jurymeu.are mighty honest and high-toned, and it take's a good deal of money to induoe them to see things in alight favorable to Halsey. I’m in terested in the case because of its importance, for if the courts finally decide that a man can be married to a woman when he is 75ft above her, and don’t know what is going bn, hone of us is safe; and first you know that some woman that is rushing through here on the express will be married to me while I am selling tickets in my offioo, and knowing no more about it than a child un hung. Well, there is no’use in sitting and dreading dangers that may. never' come to time, and I suppose that if it’s A man’s fate, to be married he’s got to knock under, and . there’s ne good in worrying himself' over it till the time comes.’*. ■ 