THE TRIPLE MYSTERY \- Bib Story Jr. nrittw-iraffl exhaustive _ - memoranda from the diary of Chief Xvpeotor Bryne6,of the New Tctrk PoDoa. CEiTTES XXXII. A iWB&IiABSOBAS; HOUB. m<sk «rsa aa ^idok as a cat aad as supple. He had worked up' to that paint with great care, knowing that the Spaniard ma ma Wilytenman^nld be, aad it would only he ;:F»y^ihe<most: carefully worked stratagem tbathe eauld throw him for an; instaateffhlB^aid.' _ But the plteyroricedl ^ TheinstatthatNavarrO turned his head the detect!rebounded forward. Twelve feet was not much cf a leap for bodyliad been preparing far the spring. Before Navarro could recover and rals8 htowieapon/Niek Be:z-d him. ' x&e; quick jsrk he threw the Spaniard upon the floor, and placed one knee upon hia breast. "There!" he said. "The tables are turned. It 3a 1, nofcyou, who will make terms sow." Navarro's face was white with rage. Kick carefuITyeearched hie captive fori weapons,finding onlyalongeleeder dagger,! besides the zevolrer with which he had been so Jatelyihreatened. . "Now get up," he said, rising h'mself.: "Toujare no match for me, Mister Han, so take my advice and sit over there, and keep §nlet while ! finish my work." Navarro roseslowly to Ida t&tt;, and went to the chair indicated *• Are you a detective?" i fTon hatJami one bf the heat Hod, too. . I detect where silver and gold and precnouB etoaes are kep\ and then when I have found out, I go and get them. If 1 hadgivenit'to you straight about my bmnaess here when you had the drop on me l you'd - have shot me off-hand—»h P Thate -why I told you the ghost story •bootthe detective bnrineES. Seep'' Ancxpreeeioa of /genuine relief mossed the faoe of Manuel Navarro when Nick ceased speaking. Bat he only eaid— *¥«. Ii\nricIwoulA.M \- -"Now/'^aid Nick, going stall closer to hhn and holding the dagger uncomfortably neartotteSpaniard'sthwat," where are those diamonds f" "What diamonds P" "The ones Icsme here to vet." " Oh! Then yon expected to find dia monda up here, did yon?" "Bahl I have no diamonda in the house except the one on myfinger. Bo you' want that ? Tate it." Niok pretended to look puzz"ed. " I got it straight from my pel," be said,. "that you bad a lot here in this room." "Well, your pel lied to you." "JJidhe PIH see about that" Kick pressed the dagger still closer, until the pointtonched Navarro's neck. TTeil-me where they are, or 111 hurt yon," he said. ' The SptniRrd remained unmoved. , T;lf you;sh<mId cut my throat," he said, "it rreuld do.you no goad.' I have nothing in thlsTOom of the slightest value." .■^•^Oh/.you haven't, ehP Well, you: seemed to attaoh a lot of value to that roll ofpspsron the desk. Ill havea look at that before 1 go. Maybe Til take it with . me, and make you redeem it." "316. Jt would give me an excellent chance to catch you later on." " Anybor, I'll fust go through you " He mads no haste to search the p'ctet where he believed that Navarro can lid the suatering, but presently he reached' it in his search, and found it—amply, excapt for the watoh which had kept it company. Norn momenthe believed that Ntvarro had found another place in which to secrete ihexwg.but&she; was about; t> eesaa in In his efforts to fiad it he felt the presence of another pocket behind the one he had been searching. It was made of chamois skin, and was simply pinned to the gaimant on the in side. ~. The detective very deftly removed it, and inside he found two rings—the one \- that Navarro had shown to him that after noon* and the one ??hich Ch'ck had taken from Navarro's" packet ;in the Arlington Hotel the provion: day. "Humph!" he "What are these f" " Rings,"replies N-warro, sententioualy. \- "So l see i not much good, cither. This One may be worth something, though," he added, holding up the one which so greatly interacted him. "I think 111 keep it, •nvhow." Navarro shrugged his shoulders. "How much do yon think it's worth F" faecaid. "Oh, a hundred, maybe." | **TtU you what 1 11 do." said Nick. " ITl take these two rings and the watch. When yon get ready to pay me an even thousand for the lass just put a line in the oolninna of the Star. " Oh/yoa needn't answer," he continued, aa Navarro stall remained silent. " I can writ, and watch the Star, tco, A new way of studying astronomy, eh P" " I wish I had ycu where yen were when I caught yon here," muttsred Navarro, his eyes gleaming with rage. "No doubt—no doubt! But then yen haven't. Seep" "I'm going now," he said. "I'm going to look you in this room, and you can ring the bell and have someone let you out when I am gone. Don't forget that little foot about the thousand dollars and the Star." ' There was the regular lock in the door,; below the Tale lock that Navarro had; caused to ho put in, and as Nick stepped i from the room and closed the door behind; him, be. turned the key on the outside, and hurried down the steps and out into the street. As he gained the sidewalk he raised his eyes towards the windows of the room he had left Just as he-did so Nct&ro; threw up one of the sashes. Then there came a sudden flash and re port, and the detective sank senseless upon! the pavement. 