HONEST CIal ' ,CI[S3r. TO TIIE EDITuIL. Sric,-I-u reply to ynnr Hastings correspanienlt. allow me to any we do not hold or teach h.at all differing fro:n the "fo:ms" we hrild, '-go to perdition" and our ' little flock" (30,000, have you as many fingers and toes as that ?) "only will go to heaven," nor do we consign "' all the millions of other churches to a warm place." These statements show the utter ignorance of your scribe as to what we believe on these points. I know of only one class (the universalists) who are more liberal in their views than" us; t~ey say every one will be .saved,. while we hold that those who sin against the Holy Ghost, the scr.ptures teaching there is no for giveness for thern either in this world, nor in the world to come. All others inherit a "glory" compared by Paul like unto that of the " sun, moon,. or stars 1 Corinthians, xv., 41-2. Now with regards to Mr. Reid's lecture that " was full of facts and arguments," I was there, and I certainly heard very few. I heard statements and stories, but no proof offered as to their truth funlness. I am foolish enough to think that a man ought to be judged by what he says or writes, and not by what others say of him. It is easy to damn a man's character after he is dead. It was said of John " He hath a devil," and of Christ, that he was a "glutton. ous man and winebibber," splendid arguments both. Mr. Reid said. the. "Church of Christ and of Paul was full of charity," but he, reprasentingthle: Church of England, certainly showed none. Wishing to be as brief as pos sible, "et me say, I have studied the history of the church and its books, and I am satisfied there is no church whose doctrine are so little understood; and more misrepresented, than are. those of the Latter Day Saint. Yotur correspondent being, as M1 Qo known to me,.a av w ,bnt with regard to "Lux,'ah" he ' writ over a non de plume I refuse; other. wise I should produce my witness to prove that Archdeacon Langley did say "John's baptism was not a Chris; tian baptism." Thanking you, sir. Yours, etc., EDWARD McGURIK. 