The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. Br Una Rob, Author op "The Mysterious 'Whisper." Chapter IV. (Continued.) MY lady's PICTURE GALLERY. " So many ghosts and forms of fright Have started from their graves to-night. They hare driven sleep from my eyes away, I must go down to the chapel and pray." —Longfellow. Mas. Hesketh proceeded to pour out the coffee. " Is that all you have to say P" she inquired indifferently. "The cherries, mamma. Won't you have them. They are ripe." " No, thank you. Gro to your place." "Come here, Edith," said her father. •'Bring me the cherries. No, I will not take all. You eat the rest." But the cherries remained untouched by Edith's plate. Indeed, everything was un tasted by the child, though her father coaxed her with all the dainties of the table. Edmund received due, over due attention from the other end of the table. The boy needed no inducement to eat, he possessed a hearty, healthy, colonial appe tite at most times. Martin kept silence, soon rose from the table, and going behind Edith's chair whispered, but loud enough for his wife to hear," " Give those cherries to Miss O'Neil, she will not despise your gift, or slight your affection, my darling, and get your hat now and come with me, we can leave the cherries on the schoolroom table as we go downstairs." Mrs. Hesketh was not usually awkward* but whatever was the cause her hand shook visibly as she lifted her cup, and the next minute the contents were spilt over her dress. " Edmund, ring the. bell for Mary Ann Moffat," and she darted an angry glance at Edith, as though she had been the cause of the disaster." " I am going to Pearson's, my lady," said Martin. " Have you any commissions P" " No, thank you, unless you choose to buy me a new dress to replace this one." " Your wardrobe will supply that need at present," said he, turning on his heel. " Wait here a moment, Edith. I have to get some papers, and will bring your hat." He was not absent more than five minutes. In that time, however, another catastrophe had happened. Edmund seeing his mother engaged with Moffat, seized the occasion to take the cherries and devour them, not because he was a greedy boy, but he delighted in teasing his little sister. " O don't eat them all, Edmund; leave some for Miss O'Neil. Papa wants her to have them." Moffat sniffed. Edmund laughed, and paid no heed, and Mrs. Hesketh only Baid— " Miss O'Neil can have as much fruit as she pleases. Your gifts are not so valu able as you seem to suppose, Edith. I wish you would do as you are told, and eat your breakfast. You have more airs and graces than are good for you. You have too much nonsense and are becoming unbearable." These words were accompanied with such bitter looks that Edith could not restrain her feelings longer. She hid her face in her pinafore and sobbed; and at that moment Mr. Hesketh returned. Edith stopped her flow of tears by a giant effort, and wiped his eyes hastily. " What is this ?" he demanded in no gentle tones. " Moffat, you are not wanted now, if you please." Moffat went, but only to stand outside the door and take an occasional peep through the keyhole. "I ask you, Constance," continued the gentleman. "I'Will not question the inno cent child, she will blame no one but herself." "Innocent," repeated Mrs. Hesketh, scornfully. " She is the cause of more chief and trouble than enough. To tell the truth, I do not know what is the matter. She cries if you look at her. She 0 is thoroughly spoilt." . " I took her cherries," broke in the boy. *" I only took them to see what Bhe'd say. IH give her more." "So you are the culprit, sir," said Mar tin, seizing him by the collar, " and it is not the first time that you have teased and ill-treated your sister. I'll cure you of that habit, for I won't leave this room till I give you a thrashing." He had His riding-whip in his hand and raised it as he spoke. Edmund fell on his knees, and begged forgiveness. Edith ran to her father and flung her arms about him, entreating him not to beat Edmund. " O dear papa! It was not Edmund's fault, I did not mind much about the cherries, it was all my own fault for crying. O please, please papa, don't puniBh Edmund." "He deserves to be punished, Edith; it is not the first time that he has made you raffer. I mean to chastise him. . There is no use in your pleading for him, my^dear. Go away, go downstairs. We will not go c^^mbirning." w/Qb:-:', < ; t Edithwasaccustomedto obey implicitly, and great as were her fears forber brother, she crept away outof the room, and found a quiet corner to cry in. Then the mother caught the boy and strove to draw him from Martin's grasp. So sudden was her movement that Mr. Hesketh was not prepared, and letting the whip fall heavily it cut her across the face, but Edmund's arms being upraised and the boy screaming at the same moment, Mar tin believed that he had struck the boy, and Constance only said— " He is too young to be beaten, Martin, you are in a passion, you shall not beat him. It was not his fault, it was mine. Edith is too sensitive, one cannot speak to her. It was not Edmund who caused her tears," and she held her arms round the boy, hiding her face, while Martin stood before her whip in hand, white with rage. " Give him to me, Constance. Will you thwart me in this as in so many other matters F Tou had better release him at once." She hesitated a moment, then pushed the child from her and hurriedly left the room, the howls and screams of her darling ringing in her ears as she hurried along the passage, and she almost upset Moffat on the stairs. " What are you doing here ?" demanded the mistress angrily. " Please, mum, I only just came up stairs again to see if the dear child had hurt him self, and—" " Your services are not required. Mind your own business. If anyone calls to day, I am out." She hurried on, leaving Moffat muttering to herself as she went back to the kitchen. " Well, if he struck me in the face with a horse whip I'd run away and be out once for all. But it's no wonder it has come to this, the way things is going on. She must be blind as a bat not to see for herself. She ought to get a divorce. That's what I'd do in a minute. He don't care for me. No, of course not. I know too much." During the whole of that day Mrs. Hesketh kept her room. She took her luncheon there. Moffat brought it to her and she asked Moffat no questions, nor would she let that faithful domestic say a word to her. She heard the children play ing in the garden, quite happy together. She saw Minnie come and go, and Lawrence walking with her husband down the lane. She knew that he came to tea, but she sent down a message that she was indisposed, and soon he left. " Is your master gone out ?" she inquired an hour later of Moffat who came to light her candles. " No, mum. Master is by himself in the drawing-room. I heard him say to Mr. O'Connor that he was not going out to night, mum." " Where are the children ?" " Both in bed, mum." " Yery well. I shall not need you again, Moffat. You may go, but first bring my new evening dress." Mrs. Hesketh arrayed herself to the best advantage. The result was bewitching. Indeed she seemed more lovely than usual, except for that scar standing out so visibly. Having completed her toilet the lady surveyed her charms in the glass. "This will do. I wonder will beauty take effect. It is raining—no visitors will come to-night. I will tell my tale and let him take what course he pleases. I am prepared for the worst now, now that it has come to this pass. So love is dead, quite dead, possibly admiration may disarm his anger. I do not fear the little governess. Oh, no. There is no comparison between us. Besides, I would not wrong Martin with that supposition. However far he might go he would never stoop to that degradation. No, I am not jealous of Minnie. How it rains, storm without, a herald of storms within." She proceeded to the drawing-room, her rosy cheeks like Queen Esther's, concealing a troubled mind, and confronted Assuerus sifting by the table resting his head on his hqnd. He glanced round as she came in, and was not unmoved by the lovely apparition. He rose and approached her as she advanced, and saw the scar for the first time. " Have you hurt your face ?" " You struck me!" "What!" " Did you not know it before," she said with a nervous laugh, as the truth dawned on her that it had been unintentional. " I suppose it was my own fault then, not yours, the blow was intended for Edmund." "Oh, this morning," said he, "when you were trying to save him. Why did you come in the way ? Why did you let me do it ?" And as he spoke he stooped and touched his lips to the scarred cheek. Constance was completely disarmed. " If there is so much affection left in his heart for me," she thought, "he shall never hear the revelation I was thinking to . make to-night." - She did not speak, how ever, and he went on— " I was very angry with the boy, but after all the correction will do him no harm. And now, as we are alone, I wish to speak to you regarding the other child. Why do you dislike Edith, Constance ?" "Do I dislike her, Martin ?" "Surely you act as though you did. You are positively cruel to her, and that continually. She "is so fond of yon." "She is very pettish, I think, because you take too much notice of her. _ You are quite infatuated with her, and spoillier." " No. Edith has a nature that is incap able of being spoilt. It is no wonder that I love her, and it is a wonder you do not. Tell me what is the reason of your dislike. How can you resist the charms of your own nhilri ?" " You exaggerate things, Martin; I don't dislike her. I am not fond of her. I own that—I used to be, but the feeling has died away. Still I will do my duty by her, and to please you will avoid giving her pain. But there again, you exaggerate. A child of her age is not capable of deep affection that iB wounded by slighting words and cold looks. She is fretful and spoilt." " It is inconceivable," said Martin im patiently. " You ought to be fond of your child. Why are you not so ? Is all your love given to the other one whom you spoil P" "No. I do not love Edmund to the exclusion of all others." " Then you have no reason perhaps, of course you have no reason, but there must be a cause. What is it ?" She was silent. Then inquired quickly— "What would you do if you lost the affection of that child, Martin. Say by death, or in any other way P" " What a strange question," said Mar tin. " I could not live without her, I think. I could not lose her love." Mr. Hesketh meant to imply that having lost his wife's love, as he thought, he could not afford to lose the child's, whose trust ing affection was his chief consolation. But Mrs. Hesketh understood him to mean that he could afford to lose all other love but not Edith's, and her jealousy was increased. " Since when have you changed towards her ?" said he. " Perhaps since that evening when you chose to suspect me of keeping a secret from you," she replied. " I remember, when the skeleton in the coal-scuttle first troubled my peace. Had the secret any connection with Edith ?" " Do you still persist in believing that I kept a secret from you, a secret that I ought to reveal or explain ?" " I am convinced of it, Constance. In olden days we had no secret from one another. We were happy then." " Do not recall those days, Martin. I have no secret that will interest you. I was simply burning a private letter and you startled me. Then I was angry with you for suspecting me. You changed to me then, from that day you gave up the old love for the new." " I have no new love. I cannot under stand you. You are keeping something from me. I am confident that you are. For God's sake let me know the truth, Constance ?" " I have told you before," she said in a low voice, " that it is nothing of conse quence—an old letter." "A letter private from me, who once shared your every confidence. Have I not a right to know this mystery, this secret that has brought trouble into the house. I have humbled myself to ask you this. But mark my words, Constance, if you will not grant my request now, I will never ask you again. In the name of all the old love, Constance, hear my prayer ?" (To be continued). 