. I -i. i -c .= : j;. j - /FIGHTING BIRDS. . j Sqmetwq!ot,,thre.e:ytea.r® baqk, Iwasiying,, with . my , hinopnlars inteptly . watching top ; proceedings of a small; bird .of, whose habits 1 yeas anxious to learn something, when I. was startled by .toe queerest combination of, souuus uiaE ever assaiieu uiy eaao. iiumug.: my head I beheld a straDge . sight: It was nothing less .than a kestrel-hawk and a car - , rionrcrow fighting; beak and claw head over heelS. ; / !; , i Whether the one had. attempted to make. , prey, of toe other—a somewhat unlikely thiug- —or. the encounter was the result of a mutual misunderstanding I, cannot, tell, but that they, fought (long, and, stubbornly, X had the unique experience,,: so far: as l know, -of being wit?. neSS to. !. , : | The hawk eventually . erot the (better of. the contest and; the crow,, gasping for; breath ;and riiotfinQCQi wuc'i nWI<r#.n fn upotr triendly shelter, of , .a , (leafy -oak, back Into whose branches tois vigilanr adversary drove , him;,every timetoe attempted to sneak away and .escape, i t- j Male- grouse fightlike game cocks) during the pairing season, and their dead bodies are , at, times , picked up . after an encounter- . , . At this , particular .season- birds may he, seen, chasing (each other as if demented, and .heard uttering their sharp angry cock ! cock;! cqokl t have -known, a. i pair commence, a fight .on, toe heather r,cla,d .(top, of. a high; Yopkshire. hill and continue it so stubbornly, that it did: nqtlffnish .until; they landed pellrmell amongst : toe : hranohes of a tree in the , green . dale below. i, , .Everybody knows wh aba puspiacious little rascal :thp , English (sparrow -is,-, and a , few at, least, love hiindor his tenacity , and- pluck hut toe following; story, which appeared. in toe qruitoological.; corner of, a: suburban, paper riqt. long , ago,, ,is likely , to., disgust his most: ardent, admirers, for.it is, positively, appalling in Its, savage brutality, :A pair of , cock Sparrows were observed to alight on a :sub- riihan platform-riiot from a, train,; hut , from / the, airrrrand begin , a most deadly, ; struggle., , They tugged at each other, ; bit, flapped, and. scratched, until ithqy finally landed ,under,a; Seat, where the most dreadful sparrow drag-- edy ; that; ever occurred sinc.e; the, , world, began, was, enacted..,,. Grasping each; other, toke, gladiators, in fierce ." embracorthoy sumriioned"; every whit of remaining .strength, and, to- the unutterable .consternation, of the station- toaster, and several passengers who, had - as sembled with . toe usual' curiosity, pf a Lon don; crowd, ithey . simultaneously pulled , each other's heads off, and, gave up the: ghost Side by. side.-! ;; >.> . -vi - : .. j I have seen a good many encounters in; my , time between all kinds of , combatants as, fierce, and dissimilar as .bulls and ants, , but I must; savlhat the, above story eclipses: any perr. !f ormanoe i in toe fighting or fictiqning line , that, ever crossed the Atlantic from (the land of tall things. , i Tho cook pheasant is a pugnacious, fellow, and a wily poacher has been, known to , take advantage, of this weakness for the . sport, of combat by feeding a . number of longr.tails ' at a given spot for a few mornings, and then suddenly turning a game cock armed with, steel, spurs amongst, them, to - deal, death , (right and left and thereby enrich his master's 'larder;. ( " ;, : .; .. i The, black grouse is a, bird whose .love - , .making is all done by hard fighting. Regular battle grounds are established where the birds assemblo at dawn of day ;; toe males to fight and make feathers fly in all directions from each other's bodies, and the females to enjoy the , sport, and run to and fro with drooping; wings and bestow their, f ayors upon the gallent victors. ' .,.1 i Comparatively , shy,,, and, (inoffensive birds vjWfisuthqytoaye-toelpless youqg about, sqnetimes show a.surprising amount of courr ago A, partridge haa been seen to drive off In the utmost distetftuloj-t a /wandering orow that had made a desperate attempt to 8 ®u one of her downy little chicks. A keen observer :of nature recently re corded an encounter which he witnessed tak ing place on his lawn between a inissel- thrush and a stoat. The bird- had its nest.r. in a tree close by, and belonging to a species , that is pestered with a particularly large .. number of wily enenues was ori the look-ciut. , . Directly the stoat came forth Horn beneath some laurel bashes . the misseL-thrash courr , . ageously charged him.. Poor bird, the en counter was between vastly unequal forces,: ..,, and here pluck spelt destruction. .There was , a tumbling bundle of feathers, a loud harsh/: :: shriek, and. the lithe little animal carried ; ( .his, assailant off. beneath the evergreens . for .j supper. . . - i't 'ii-i- : 