THE WOODS’ GHOST. Possibly General Fawncliffe was ec centric because be could not help it, but it is more probable that he did things in a manner, entirely different from anybody else beoause he wanted to be odd and wanted to make a sensa tion. He was a wealthy man, and there fore' he could do very nearly as he liked. He was haughty, overbearing $nd irritable. I always thought that if he had been the czar of Russia or the shah of Persia he would have, played his role very well. He had built a fine house on the banks of the Delaware, and at the verge of the Block woods, of which he was the owner. He was not more than 45 years old and appear ed to be entirely alone in the world; at ■ any rate, no one in Blockville ever heard that he had any relations. At the time of which I write I was a young fellow of 16, of no sort of conse quence whatever, and my name was, but is not now, Pardon Sashwood, though mother and everybody else call ed me- Pardy.. My mother was a dress maker in the town and did a big busi ness.. She never said anything about my father, and.I. did not know anything about him, , and I concluded that he had been hanged, or otherwise nipped in the bud, and I did not presB my inquiries in regard to him.' I was a- regular resi dent in Block Hall, as General Fawn cliffe called his elegant mansion, and my first duty is to explain how I hap pened, to be a dweller beneath, its princely roof. I was very fond of fish ing, and- my mother was very fond of eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in the river. One day I sat upon a rock that projected out into the stream just below the general’s mansion. Above me was a sandy beach, and while I sat there the general drove down upon it in his buggy, -with a high spirited horse. I wondered what he was doing there with Bnch a turnout. ' The horse was full of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to be well sup plied with spirits, though of the arti ficial sort. The animal pranced and capered on the sand, nnd did not ap pear .to have learned that his master was as impatient as he was eccentric. The horse had a way of his own, and so had the general, and as the two wars did not run in the same direction it created an unpleasantness between them. At last the driver nsed his whip without the exercise of much discretion, and the brute manifested himself in n very decided manuer. Then I decided that he was trying to drive the horse into the water, where he was unwilling to go. But the general got the best of it in the end and drove the obstinate creature straight into the river, as though he intended to cross to the other side. In a few moments the animal had to swim, but he struck out brave ly, the general applying the lash all the time; in fact, he seemed to be whip ping him for his own satisfaction, now j that the brute had yielded the point. In another moment the buggy, which appeared to he floating, suddenly top pled over and spilled the occupant into the drink. Hie lost his hold upon it, and then I saw that he could not swim. The horse took a circle around the spot and swam leisurely to the shore, dragging the buggy after him. Just below the rock on which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in rushing to it. I had some skill in the use of the paddle, and I soon reached the general, who was floundering about in the water like a grounded whale. He was a large man, and I saw that it would he impossible to get him into the boat. I asked him to take hold of the stern to support‘himself while I pad died to the beach. Hg used expletives, and insisted upon getting into the.bo'at j I told him I would leave him to his fate if he did not do as I directed. The threat carried him, and he held on to the boat till his feet touched the bot I will kill that horse!” he exclaim ed when he reached the beach and*had' recovered his breath. “He is the ug liest brute I ever drove.” ‘He is not so much of a brute as you ar.e, general,”. I replied. “You acted like a .heathen when yon whipped him, and ;I had'half a mind to let you drown.” He looked at me in astonishment. Perhaps he thought I had earned the Tight to speak my mind, but whether I had or not I expressed myself as plainly as though I had been the gen eral and he had been Pardy Sashwood. Doubtless it was a new thing for any one to “speak up” to him. . Boy, I want you to come and live with me,” he said, and I was amazed “I won’t do it,” I replied. “I would not live under the same roof with such a porcupine as you are for all your money.” He actually teased me, and he ex pressed his obligations to me very hand somely, but I stuck to my text. I help ed him right his buggy, now that the horse had cooled off, and he insisted on driving me home, which I permitted him to do. My mother saw me when I got out of the buggy. The general told me to think of his offer and come to his house if 1 decided to accept it. My mother, after she had heard all about the affair in the river, insisted that I should accept the offer. I argued against it for a long time, but I finally yielded to her wishes. The next day I belonged to the general’s household, and Mrs. Cashley gave me a hearty wel General Fawncliffe treated me with a degree of consideration accorded to no other person. I helped him about 