'7HiE Rov-ELrIS T, TheMystery 0the Inn11111; on, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. \---***- By Anna Catharine Green. Author of "~The Learcmcorth Case," "Befhild Closed Doors," etc. CHAPTER 9. THE OAK PARLOR. I was riding -between :Albany. and Poughkeepsie. .It was raining furiously, and. moy horse, already weary withiong travel, gave unmistakable signs of dis couragement. I was, therefore, greatly relieved when, in the most- desolate part of-the road, I espied rising before me the dim outlines of a house, and was cor respondingly disappointed when, upon riding fora'd, I perceived that it was but a deserted ruin I was approaching, whose fallen chimneys and-broken win dows betrayed a dilapidatiaon so great that could scarcely hope to ind ao much s a tempoain shelter within.' Nev.erthelera, I was so tired of the biting storm.that I involuntarily stopped before the decayed and forbidden struc turesnd was,.in;truth, withdrawing.my foot from the stirrup, when I heard an unexpected exclamation behind me, and turning. saw a-buggy,- from the open front of which leaned a gentleman of most attractive appearance. "What are you going to dor' he asked. "Hide my head from the storm," was my hurried iejoinder. "I am tired, and so is my horse, and the town, according to all appearances, must be at least two miles distant." *?Nosnattertif-it is three miles I You must not take shelter in that charnel houee," lie muttered, and moved along in his seat as if to show me there was room beside him. "'Why," I exclaimed, struck with sudden curiosity, "is this one of the haunted houses we hear of 7 If so, I shall certainly enter, and he much obliged to the storm for driving me into so interest ing a sl" : " I thought he looked embarrassed. At all events, I. rm scure he hesitated for a nmoment whe.ther or niot to ride on and' leave tme to my fate. But his better im pulses seemed to prevail, for he suddenly cried: ": et in with me, and leave mysteries alone. If you want to come back here after von hare- learned -the ;nistory -of that iiouse,.you can do so; but tirst ride on0 to town and havre a good meal. Your horse will follow easily enough-after he is ridof your weight.' It was too tempting an offer to be re fused; so thankfully accepting his kind ness, : I alighted : from: my horse, and aiter ryinig" h"ni'to thif buackof the' bogyey got in with this genial stranger. As I did so I caught another view .of the ruin Ihadbeen so near entering. "Good gracieus l"-I exclaimed, point ing to the structure that, with its project ing upper story and ghastly apertures, presnted- a- mot-e sggestive appearance, "if it does not look like a skull !" That evening, in a' comfortable inn' parlor,; I read the following manuscript. It weB placed in my hands by this kindly stranger, who inso doing explained that it had been written by the last occupant of-the old inn t was so neariy on the point of investigating. She had been its former landlady, and.had.clung to the ancien?t hobsd rong afir decayblad nettled upon its door-step and desolation breathed from its gaping windows. She died ins its qorlthrotom and. from noder. her.pillow. the discolored-leavc were- taketi? tlib words of which i now place-before you. - Jar:UAar 28, 1775. I do not understand myself. I do not enderstar.d-t? doutbts nor can I--analine miy fears. When Ieaw the carriage drive off, followed I-y the waggon with its in explicable big bo,. I thought I should certainly regain my former serenity. lBut I am more uneasy than ever. I cannot rest, and keep coint over and over in my miunthe few wordsthat.passed-between us in their short stay under my roof. It is her.face that haunts me. It must be that, for it had a strange look of trouble in it as well as sickness; but neither can I forget his, so lair,. sonmerry, and yet so unpleasant, especially when he glanced at her and-as I could not help but think before they went away-when he glanced at me. --IdoinoNike'hinr, and the chills creep over me whenever I remember his laugh,, which. was,much too -frequent to -be decent, considering --ba poorly-his young wife looked. They are gone, and-their belongings with thlm- butI em-as much afraid as if they .were still here. Whyl That is, what: 1;cannst - tell. 1 sit -in the room where they slept, and feel as strange and terrified as if I had encountered a ghost there. I,drea~ttatay and dzead.to move, and write because I must relies 9 iyeelf in some way--that is;if I am to have any sleep to-night. - -Amn I.11i, or was there something unexplained and mysterious in their actions?. Let me go- over the past and seet-...-?- -, -.- -; - They-came last 'vening alout wilight. I was t d' ?ie ireit of the hlouse, and es - ing such i~good-looking couple in the carriage, and. such- a. pile- of i baggage with themthat they had to have an'extra waggon to carry it, I ran out in all haste to welcome them. She had a veil drawvi over her lace,-and it was- so thick that I could not see her features, but hier figure was- slight and' graceful, and I took a fancy to her at once, perhaps because she held her arms out when site saw me, as if she thoutght she beheld in me a friend. Be did not please meso well, though there is no gainsaying that he is handsome enoughl, and speake, when he wishes to, with a great deal of courtesy. But I-ttoughthteoaught-o givehisatten tion to his young and ailing wile, instead of being so concerned ,sho?t his baggage. Hiad that box of his contained gold, he could not have looked at it more lovingly or been more anxious about ite handling. HIe said it held books; bu pshlaw I what is there in books, thata tman should love -tm better than !;is-wif-ernd-?-Catch over their welfare with the utmost concern, while allowitg a strangerr to help her out of the carriage and up the inn steps ? But I will not dwell any onger-upon this. Men are atrautge beings, and mast not be Judged by rules that apply to women. Let me see if 1 can remember when itwas that I first saw her face. Alh, yes, it was in the parlor. She had taken -pa- s snore willie her husbana lorea through the houses and decided which room to take. There were four empty, End twa? of them weere the choiOest and airiest in the in, but he passed by titeau and insisted upon taking one that was stuffy with disuse,.because it was' on the ground floor, and so convenient for us to bring his box into. His great box I I was so provoked at this everlasting concern about his great box, that I ran to theparlor,intending to ask the lady herself to interfere. But when I got to the threshold I paused, and did not speak, for the lady--or Mrs. Urlhart. as I presently found she called herself-lhad arisen from her sest and was looking in the glasu with an expression so sad and searching that I forgot mny errand and only thought of comforting her. But the moment site heard my step she drew down the veil which she had tossed back, and coming quickly towards me, asked if her husband had chosen a room. I answered in the affirmative, and began to complain that it was not a very cheerful one. But she paid small atten tion to my-words, and presently !iound myself following her to the apartment designated. She entered, making a pic ture, as she crossed the threshold, which I shall not readily forget. For in her short, quick walk down the hall she had torn the bonnet from her head, and though she was not a strictly beautiful woman, she was sufficiently interesting to make her every movement attractive. But that is not all: For some reason the moment possessed an importance for her which I could not.nienasre. 1 saw it in her whole poise,in theo.pallor of her cheeks and the uprightness of her car riage. The sudden halt she made at the threshold, the half startled exclaroation she gave as her eyes fell on the interior, all showed that she was laboring under some secret agitation. But what was the cause of that agitation I have not been able to determine. She went in, but as she did so, I heard her murmur : "Oak walls I Ah, my soull It has come soon I" Not avery intelligible exclamation, you allow, but as intelligible as her whole conduct. For in another moment every sign of emotion had left her, and she stood quite calm and cold in the centre of the room. But her pallor remained, and I cannot make sure now whether this be tokened weary resignation or same secret but half recognised fear. Had I looked at him instead of at her, I might have understood the situation better. But, though I dimly perceived his form drawn up in the empty space at the left of the door, it was not until she had passed him and flung herself.into a chair, that I thought to look in his direo tion, Then it was too late, for he had turned his face aside and was gazring with rather an obtrusive curiosity at the old fashioned room, murmuring, as he did so, some such common-places to his wife u: "I hope you are not fatigued, my dear. Fine old house, this. Quite English i.s tyle, eh?" -- - To all of which she answered with a nod or a word, till suddenly, without look or warning, she slipped from her chair andlay pecretly- inaeensible?pon-tbhe dark boards of the worm-eaten floor. I uttered an exclamation, and so did he; but it was my arms that lifted her and laid her on the bed. He stood as if frozen to his place for a moment, then he mechanically lifted his foot and set it with an air of proprietorship on the box before which he had been standing. "Strange and inexplicable conduct," thought 1, and looked thei indignation I :ould not but feel. Instantly he left his position, and has tened to my side, offeringhis assistance and advice with thatn heartless ollicious ness which is so unbearable when life and death are at stake. I accepted as little.of his help as was possible, and-_ when,.refter~persistent effort on my part, I.-eaw Ier lips flutter ing, and her breast -heaving, 1 turned-to hint with as offenirve an air as my mingled dislike and distrust would admit, and asked how long they had been married. Re flushed violently, and with a sudden rage that at once robbed him of that gentlemasnly nppearance which, to hitim, was but the veneer to coarseandbrutal nature, he exclaimed : "- you I and by what right do you ask that ' :Bat before I could reply he recovered himself, and was all falie polish again, bowing.wath exaggerated politeness, as he exclaimed : "Excuse ame.; I have had much to dis turb-me laeely. My wife's health has been very feeble for monthas, and I am worn out with anxiety and watching. We are now on our way to a warmer climate, where I hope sshewill be quite restored.'' .And he smiled a.very, strango and. peculiar smile, that wentout like a sudil. denly.extinguished candle, as he- per ceived her eyes suddenly opon, and let gas. pass rel?ctaptyiaroundthe room, as if forced to a curiosity against which she rebelled. .. . . Stlhink Mrs. Urqu?sart will do.very well now," was his hurried remark at this sight. He evidently wished to be rid of me: and though I hated to leaveiher.'I rdally' found nothing to- say in contradiction to his statement, for'.she certainly looked completely restored, I.therefore turned away with a heavy, heart towards the door,, when the young' wife, suddenly throwing out her arms, exclaimed : '"Do not leave me in this horrible room alone I I am afraid of it-actually afraid I. : Couldn'tyou have.found some spot in the house leis gloomy, Edwin? - I came back. "There are plenty of roomas-" I beganu. -But he interrupted me without atny ceremony. ".I chome this- rosn,, Hoinora, for.ite converience. There:is nothing s horrible about it, and when the lamps, are lit you will find it quite pleasant. Do not bhe fooliah.. We sleep here or nowhiere, for r eaunot consent to go upstaia." SShe answered nothing, but I saw her eyes go travelling once again around the walls, followed in a furtive way by his. Whereupon LIlooked about me, too, and tried to get a stranger's imlnpression of the place. I was astonished at its effect upon myimsgination. Though I had been in and out of the room fifty times before, I had never noticed till now the extremto dismalness and desolation of its appear ance. Once used as an auxiliary parlor, it had that air of unilnbabtableness thlich olings to such rooms, together with 5 Crtait armethin coel. S ria'lv un i~pleaantrto whtch attlot-amoment coua give no name. It was panelled with oak far absor our heads, and as the walls above had become gray with smoke, there wos absolutely no color in-theoroom, niot even in the hanging of the gaunt four. poster thalnt loomed dreary and repelling from one end of the room. For here, as elsewhere, time had been at work, and tints thant were once bright enough had gradually been subdued by dust and smnoke into one uniform dimness. The floor was black, the fireplaco empty, the walls without a picture, and yet it was ?either from this gruyneaa nor from this barrenness that one receikd. It tas frim something else-soniething that 'wiit' deeper than the lack'of charin or'color something that clung to tho. walls like a`' contagion and caugl.t at the heart.strings where they are weakest,.smothering hope and awakening horror,-till in each faded chair a ghost seemed sitting, gazing at. you .with immovable eyes that could tell tales but would riot. There was but one window' in the room, and that looked towards thei West. But the light that should have entered there was fr'ghtened also, and halted ot the 'ledge v. ithout, baulked by the thick curlains that heavily enshroud.ed it. A' haunted chamber I or so it appeared at that moment to my somewhat excited fancy ; and for the first.time in my life,. here, 1 felt a dread of my own house, and, experienced the uncanny. sesation of" someone walking over my grave. But I soon recovered myself. Nithinig of a disagreeable nature had ever Ilp pened ii rilu romni, nor had we had any special reason for shutting it up, except that it was in an out-of-the-way place;, and not usually considered c.,nvenienlt, notwithstanding Mr. Urquhart's opiilion to the contrary. '' t" Never mind," said I, with 'a last effort to soothe the agitated unmani.'W " e' will let in a little light,and dissipate some of these shadows.". " And I attempted to throwback the curt tains of the window. But they fell oganl" immedisely andl I experieniced ae sesation as' of eometliing ghostly passing between. us and the light.' . Provoked: at my weakness. I tore the curtains down and, flung. them into a, corner. A straggling beam,of unsect color' came in, but it looked out of place and forlorn upon that black foor, like a stranger who meets with no welcome. The poor young wife seemed to hail it, however, for she moved instantly to where it lay, and stood in it as' if she longed for its warmth and comfort. I immediately glanced at the fireplace. "I will soon have a rousing fire for you," I declared. " These old fireplaces hold a large pile of wood."' I thought, but I nmust be. mistaken, that he made a gesture as if about to pro test, but, if so, reason must have soon come to his aid, for he said .nothing, though he looked uneasy, as I moved the handirons forward and made some other trivial arrangements for the fire I had promised them. "He thinks I am never going," I mut tered to mysell, and-took pleasure in lingering ; for, anxious as I was to have the room heated up for her comfort, I knew that every moment I stayed there would be one less for her to spend with her surly husbandalone. At last I had no further excuse for re maining, and so with the final remark, that if the fire failed to give them cheer we had a sitting-room into which they could come, and went-out.--But--kneo - even while saying it, that be would not grant her the opportunity of enjoying the sitting-room's cosiness; that he would nolflethter out t his eight; if he did-out of the room, and that for her to remain in his presence was to be in darkness, solitude and gloom, no matter what walls surrounded her or in what light she stood. My impressions were not far wrong. Mbr. and Mrs. Urquhart came to supper, but that was all. Before the others had finleshed their roast, they had eaten their pudding and gone; and though he had talked and laughed, and shown his white teaet, the impression left'.behind them was a depressing one which even Betty felt, and sh hbas anything but a sensitive nature. I 'went to. the room once again in the evening.. I found them both seated, but in opposite parts of the room.; he by his great, box, and she in -on .enay-chair which I-had caused to be brought down from miy own. room for her especial use. I did not look at him, but I did at her, and was 'astonished to see, first, how dignified she was; and next, how pretty. Had she been happy and at her ease, I should probably havehbeen afraidofoher, for the fire-light, which now shone on her wan young cheek, brought out evidences of character and culture in her expression which proved her to be, by birth and training, of, a position superior to what one would be led to expect from her huse band's aspect and manner. But she was not happy nor at her ease, and wore, in stead of the quiet and commanding look of the great lady, such an expression of secret dread, that I almost forgot my position of laadlady,and should certainly, if he had not been there, fallen at her side and taken her poor, forsaken head upon my breast. But that silent, im movable form, sitting statue-like beside his huge box, smiling. for aught I know, but if so, breathing out a chill that for bade all exhibition of natural feeling, held me in check, as it held her, so that I merely inquired whether thrta was any. thing I could do for her; ?,'d when she shook her head, starting a tr,lr down het cheek as she did so, I dat~', do nothing more than give her one tbok of aym. pathetic undetalanding, ead start for the door. A command from his ?oapped me. " My wife will neet a slight supper before she goes to bed," said he. "Will you be good enough to see that one is brought ?" She roused herself up with quite a startled look of woo~der. "Why, Edwin,' she began, "I never have been in the habit-" : But he huslead her at once. S"I know nhrt is best for you," said hlie. -:. "A saull plate. of luncheon, Mrs. Truax; and let it be nice aind inviting," SI courteaied, gars 'er another glance, and went out. Her eountanance had not lost its lcok of wonlder. Was he going ta be considerate, after all ? The lunch was prepared and taken to her. Not long after .this the inn quieted down, and such guests as were in the house prepareri for rest. MIidiight came; all was dark in room and hall. I was sere of this ; for I went through the whole building myself, coitrary to iiy usual halit, wl:ich was to leave this task to my man of ail work, Burrilt. All was dark, and all irun iiiet. nold I was iu~t drothaino off to sleep, when there asnor up auddenoi from below a shriek, whlich was quickl3 jmithered, but not so quickly that I dir sot recognise in it thatr, tone swhich ii suiy given by hideous d: trcs of I'orta' "It is Mrs. Urquhlart l" I cried, in etirfr,'to onyseif-; and ilusginig into my :lothes Ihurried downstairs. (To BE COalTIrEr.) Two marrried ladies were talking In a street car. One was recounting the wonder. lul sayings of her precocious children. "I was travelling," said one, "accom-. companied by mysix.year.old Freddie. We stopped at a railroad eatinghouse, where a coloreo man walked up and down pounding a gong. Fred listened a while, and, with a look of contempt, satd : "Maybe that teller thinks ht's playing a tune, bae h isn't. 