.THE MYSTERY , OF. i GLENELLIS. 44 Ghosts, Indeed ! The idea of pcoplo in this Ago believing iu such niter nonsense ! It is too ridioulous I" There was scorn in Miss Rotbsby's voice and iu every feature of lier pretty fsco as ahe spoke theeo words. Hor companion, Chnrley King, & young civil cnginoor, was amused, judging by tho smile that curne aud went before he mado answer, in a half-soothing, half apologetic tone— 44 Ab, now, don't you think you nroa little sovero upon my townsfolk and their pet idiosyucracy ? Yqu kuow a belief iu which ouo is boru nnd brought up is a purt of his very nature, accepted in most cases without question or reasoning. A few of our old mon, I think, cluim to have seen and heurd something very extraordinary in the. Glen yours ago—before my time ; as for tbo rest of us, 1 suppose not half a dozen have over been there ; we simply ignore tho place." 44 That is exactly what I supposed," returned Miss Rothaby, triumphantly. 44 Those antedi luvians who sit, rain or shine, iu front of hotojs and suloous, tell their stupid vagaries Over aiid ovor ugain until .they come to believe them true, so make othets believe." 41 Perhaps you are right; but that does not alter tUe f act that- tbo Gleti benrn nn evil.reputa- tiuii, and we lire nil familiar with the blood-' curdling stories of dcofiu said to have happened there." 41 It seems to mu they can easily be explained. Doubtless when this country was new the Glen was tho rendezvous for ruffian and outlaws ; secluded, almost inacesniblo fur those who met there to be surprixed. To doubly Htcuro them- solves they circulated horrible tales, raifted a fuw ghost, ;tind mudo occasions to impose them upon tlie credulous early settlers. There is the case in anutohi ll." Charley shook hi head in doubtful way that irritated thu pretty philosopher. 44 Very well put, Miss Rothaby ; but there are certain thing— ' " " NonsBusu ! " sho broke in hulf laughingly, half angrily, 44 1 know jou nro going to nay something stupid and old-fanhioned, and I will nob ptrmib it. Thu robUr ure dust long ago, and the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with tlimn, you may be sure; yet havo your all, for such n pulpuble imposture, buried in oblivion the tno6t romantic and bunutiful spot on earth. Fiii upon yon, young men, to let suoh a state of things continue ! " 44 But what can we do about it ? We were taught to respect the opinion of our elders, and have done so." 44 That's all very well ; but respeot can be carried too fnr." '\Well, what do you suggest P " asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. 14 That the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place bo invuded by merrymakers, and thu spell will be broken. Once known it will beeamo famous, so that people will come from far and near to seo it." 44 It may b» all just ns you say," responded tho young man. 44 But you forget tbo ilowors.' You told roe that on thu first day of your visit to tho Gleu you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flowor bcuame while. How do you account fov that ?" 44 1 don't try to account for it. Who cun expluiu tbo vagnries of niituru ? Ono flower stein. exudes a milky substance, and then a red fluid, a third pure walcr. AU are equally wonderful uud incomprehensible. It is altturd to bu affected by a phenomenrn just because one doesn't understand it." 44 Nevertheless, I - think the flowers are the greatest objection to ottr project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say the least." 44 1 suppose so—and it is such a pity ? You cannot think how 1 have set my heart on this picnic in thu Glen. ..Imagine thu effect of onu or two hundored lanterns. There is not a thing 1 could wish changed." 44 Except tlierflowers/'_...v - - "lirXcupFrno nuwerxr i WlSfl they wouldais- appear for that oho evening Do you think vre can persuade tuo others ? " 44 We'll try ; the idea will be quite startling, however We shall meet with much moro opposition from the parents than from the young folks aud if wo hasten matters it will leave less time for talk. Fridny will be thu 4 harvest moon,' why not have it then ?" 44 Just the thing ! I)o you suppose Blarney and his httruers will go ?" M No, indued, nor nny other musicians iu ISllondulo We'll have to forego dancing." 44 A moonlight picnic without dancing? Preposterous ! If tho barjmrs will notyiold to my powers of persuasion papa must furnish the music ; he kuows tril about tho Glen, and will be glad to help us." 44 1 will toll you beforehand that you may as woll reserve your powers of persuasion for tho pnpa? and mammas, aunts and unclrs, who dc- cIhto they have heard uuaccnuutuble sounds Issue from tho Glen. You will need them all; and wish for moro before we successfully lay the' glioftt. Ah ! hero comu Letty and Tom Maynard, nnd that Is Juck Cruig and Miss Aunie behind them. Goqd ! Now we can be giu the attack." Churley ICFug had returned but a few weeks beforo this convereation from u five years' nhscnce in dihtaut IhikIu. Among his follows there uono bad u higher reputation than he for tboso qualities which men ns well aswomeu most admire. It wus not strnngo then that pretty Bliss Ruthsby, whom be found visiting his sister, an old schoulmutc, xliould find him particularly attractive, nnd ho, for his part, bad dcolaivd to lnmelf, ai tor the manner of mull hard hit at lit wt sight, that it should be Miss llothsby or no ono. About a milu from Ellnndalo was tho haunted gleu of which thuy had been spooking, marvel lously beautiful and picturesquo. Miss Koths- by hud spout many an hour th«ri»,for her friend aud hos ess whs »)i important personage in household and parish matters, and there were times wlu n the visitor must ontoitnin herself. As sho was a good walker sho rood knuw tho country for miles around hotter than most of the young women boru und bred in tho town, and so discovered the beautiful and si eluded Spot which bore no tud a reputation. 44 Better not go there again, Miss Rolhsby," her hoot sold to her when she spoke of her ex pedition ut tbo dinner table, and wondered that so charming a place was so little known. 41 It is humiliuting to udmit that we are the victims of Kupoi&titiou;, hut everyone in the community believes that iho Glen is haunted." 44 Then, as I should immensoly enjoy a friendly chut with a boua-fido ghost, I nhall make it n point to go soon again," laughed the young lady. 44 1 hope not," said Mr King,, gravely, 44 for I feel deeply upon this subject. You, of .course, noticed tbo oak true that hides the pathway P It was planted when I was a boy A dreadful thing had hapjumcd there just beforo, though I cannot say positively thero was anything super- uutural about it." 44 What was it ?" nskod Miss Kothsby, curi ously. 44 Toll ineo all tho stnry, jilcuse." 44 1 can only toll you whut I know. An od(\\- looking foreigner pnssed through tho town ouo day, and disappeared in tho Uluu. Thnt night a shock as of oarthquuko was felt, aud people who pnssod near the forest hear Atrange, un earthly. cries. From timu to time these slrange shocks were repeated. Thn mail was novcr scuu again, and it was supposed that ho was murder ed." 44 Oh ! and i» that all ?" asked Miss Rothsby, iu a disappointed tone. 44 Thu authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render tho Glen as inacesHtble ns possible. For aught I know, yours is tho first foot that has stopped within it tor forty years." 44 1 must say, thun, that you havo lost more than you can itnuginu, and I shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest spot on earth." 23o un6wored the wilful beauty ; aud ' to the Glen she went thereafter as often as oppor tunity allowed, declaring to hersulf, as she sat upon tho f;ree.nswurd drinking in the beauty of her surrouhdiugs, that' ib was onchated ground, and that sho was midor llio magic spall. Whon Gharloy King camo he was a willing escort, and so long us Rhe was by his side, whut did it matter whoro thoy went ? i v The picnio by moonlight had boon a long- talked of plan among the young people of the villago. Tho pclcotion of thu place Was loft to these two visitors and they had chosen tho haunted glen. Friday wus tho night uppointcd. Borno acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, hub no ono had tho courego to refuse savg the musiciauR, who wore proof against tho littlo hpiress's most generous otters, und could not bo persuaded to 44 rusk their lives, reason, and in- abrooments by gou' to tho hanto of tlrs devil hisself.'" ho Mr. ltothsby suppliod tho niusio. giving tho mro hesont frotnthu cityiaatrnotions to fonderi'iinyiuirffflftJi'oe they conld, bidding them,- r if / possible;- to orraiigci .onu light the imhiense number of Ghiucse lanterns he con- aigncd to them .without' tkp knowledgo of tho party. His pltuviybrtted well, fur that their last night might not. bu 'assailed by tales not con ducive to steady hands, they wcro mot at the train and directed ttdlhe'GIen, with strict in junctions not to pluck su much as a blade of griiRs. ' Tho sun had not yot set bohind the distant mountain top whon doors hero and thero throughout pretty Ellendnlc opened for tho gay picnickers to Rally forth. Merrily they set out, fullowcd by kindly hnxiuuR wishes. Merrily thoy trooped through the villago (streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at tliom from behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway nud the sweet perfume of tho tot est pervaded the air as their light foot pressed thd carpet of pino needles, tho jest died away, tho laughter cons&d;, and their voices hud a hollow Hound. Fear Meizerl upon them ; each had a strong derive to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his fellows. Then tho sposm passed, and in low voices thoy talked of little matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Glen buret upon their view all other thoughts were dispel led, and the nervous reaotiou of their ground less terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns gloonibil faintly in the fading twi light from the trees aud vines on either ride, atuK the gruiid old oak which barred the cn- trancVwns fpirly ddvoceti with them. Tho first glimpse of the fait1? ""queen ot tho night," as her silvery diso roso nbovo tho tree tops, was the signal for asong Kqlf chant, half rounde lay, 'tliat had been composed for the occasion, and as the ' young people stood in the prido and strength of their -ybirtji, their faces upturned, their rich, sweet voices filling tho dying day with njclody, ono would have snid, 44 Wise Miss ltothsby I Surely, no restless, unholy spirits can abido here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery mul your pure voices must ex orcise them for aveim6te." Scarcely speaking, in littlo groups, tho young fdlks wandered from spot to spot in an ccstacy of delight. Especially did the flowers that gleamed so red upon tho ground atlruct them ; but Miss Rolbaby had exaggerated tho stain they made that they might he left untouched. Sho felt now that some natural explanation could be givt.u of their unpleasant peculiarity, but dreaded its effect upon wc»k nerves, so wisely advised her companions to bowaro of thutn She learned from the musicians that her father had intended corning on the same train with them, but being detained at tho last min- uto, he would take tho next one. and be with them before the evening was over ; ro, os her light feet kept time to a favourite waltz, and a face she much approved was very near to hers, she thought her cup of earthly bliss wns nearly full. Thero was to be dancing until uino o'clock when suppvr would be served, and afterwards more dimcing if they chose; but the parents had insisted that the young folks should be at home by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had promised for > thom l>y virtue of her ch&peronage.; i The camp fire was lighted on n great flat Rtoue near the oak tree, and to show its good fellowship crackled in the inobt cheerful way, while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches ot the pines way up the sides of the Glen. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was spread, the frag rant arunm of thu coffee proclaimed the last thing ready, and Mr. Kiug, as master of the ceremonies, was about giving the signal for them ull to assemble, when distinctly throughout the pluco there enme a soft, silvery sound like the touu of a clock Ntriking-.lko hour of nine. The dancers, pausing in their giddy whirl, looked nt oncli other nnd suid, 44 What a pretty device oF Mifis Kothfby's !" but oven us they spoke the earth scemnu to tremble beneath (heir tcet, while a lurid, unearthly 'glow lit up with nppal- liug distinctneHS overy object in the Glen, to the very top of tho beetling le dge al>ovo them. With k discordant, jurring sound tho music stopped. Hearts beat fust ; checks grow while; thun the souuds died away. 44 What is it P Whutdoes it mean ?" every body was asking. .?; ;i| Oharluy.King uifl'de osfiwer.although be could -nut.qoituo'aUrbl tl|9 trcrftorriu liis" voico. 44 It must horetepen it slight shock of earth quake or some electrical disturbance. 1 have seen moKt wonderful phenomena in my time." Fattly renssurred the musicituiB wont back to their stand und the company sat down to table, but it was in vain they strove to speak natur ally, in vain they strove to eat. Thoir voices were thick, their bauds trembled, their hearts beat p&iniully; quick nnd loud After a few moments Mrs, Gray, smiling faintly, said— 44 My friends, I fear 1 have taken cold in this heautilul but moist placo. 1 propusu that wo adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to a good-night waltz at my house ?" Before an answer could bo given again there souuded throughout the Glnn the fuint, low chime, so awfully distinct iu its awcctness. With onu impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of huinuii agony, stifled and set nung to come from beneath them, reached their care, and a rocky door in thu clilf swung back, revealing a cav<-rn filled with light ; but brighter than the light about it was a human form wrapped in (lame that sprang out of it und fell upon Iho greensward. Here was something tangible, and Charloy King swiftly led the way towards this now horror. Too late ! tlie form lay still, tho vuice wns silent, and the flames wero masters at lust of him who had so long been their muster. Exorcised wero tho ghosto for ever, harmless was tho subterranean chamber lilted with un meaning apparatus and curious chcmionls to those who fouud them, for tho evil genius was dead. For ycats the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at nny cost, her sucruts, and had found, at last, her very great est death. 