KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIII. THE MYSTERY OF BRACKEN HOLLOW. Miss Herncastle's audience had been increased by still two more. The Earl of Ruysland and Major Frankland, sauntering up the avenue, had also paused afar off to listen. Against the rose- and-gold light of the summer sunset, Miss Hern- castle's tall figure and striking face made a very impressive picture. It was a pretty tableau alto- gether : Lady Cecil, fair, languid, sweet ; my lady in her rich robes and sparkling jewels; Rose O'Donnell, with her small, piquant face, literally seeming all eyes ; and the accessories of waving trees, luminous sky, tinkling fountains, and fragrant flowers. ''Ah!'' Lord Ruysland said, when the spell was broken and he and his companion moved on once more, ''what have we here ? A second-rate actress from the Surrey side of the Thames ? Upon my life, so much histrionic talent is quite thrown away. Miss Herncastle (I wonder if her father's name was Herncastle, by the way ?) is wasting her sweetness on desert air. On the boards of Drury Lane her rendering of Pontenoy would be good for at least two rounds from pit and gallery. Bravo ! Miss Horncastle.'' He bowed before her now with the stately courtliness of his youth. '' I have read of entertaining angels unawares— are we entertaining a modern Mars, all unknown until now ?'' \The covert sneer that generally embellished every thing this noble peer said was so covert, that only a very sensitive ear could have caught it. Miss Herncastle caught it, and lifted her great gray eyes for one moment to his face — full, steadily. Something in the grave, clear eyes seemed to dis- concert him — he stopped abruptly, and turned away from her. ''Gad !'' he thought, '' it is strange. Never saw such an unaccountable likeness in all my life. She has looked at me a thousand times with just such a look as Miss Herncastle gave me now. Confound Miss Herncastle ! What the deuce does the young woman mean by looking so horribly like other women dead and gone ?'' He turned from the party and walked with a sulky sense of injury into the house. But all the way up to his room, all the time the elaborate mysteries of the toilet were going on (and the mysteries of Lady Dangerfield's herself were plain reading compared to those of this old dandy of the ancient regime), all the time those strong, steady gray eyes pursued him like an uncomfortable ghost. ''Hang Miss Herncastle,'' again the noble earl growled. ''Cecil doesn't look like her mother— what business, then, has an utter stranger to re- semble her in this absurd way ? It's like living in the house with a nightmare ; my digestion is upset for the rest of the day. It's dusedly unpleasant, and, egad ! I think I must ask Ginevra to dismiss her, if she continues to disturb me in this way.'' Redmond O'Donnell had stood a little aloof, stroking his moustache meditatively, and gazing at the governess. A perfumed blow of the fan on the arm, a soft little laugh in his ear, recalled him. " 'And still he gazed, and still the wonder grew !' Is Miss Herncastle the Gorgon's head, or is it a case of love at sight ? In either event, let me present you, and exorcise the spell.'' It was Lady Cecil's smiling face that he turned to see. Lady Cecil who, with a wave of that fragrant fan, summoned the governess to her side. ''Miss Herncastle, take compassion on this wretched exile of Erin, and say something consola- tory to him. He stands helplessly here and ' sighs and looks, sighs and looks, sighs and looks, and looks again.' Captain Redmond O'Donnell, Le Beau Chasseur — Miss Herncastle.'' She flitted away as she spoke with a saucy, back ward glance at Le Beau Chasseur, and up to her cousin Ginevra. ''Oh, if you please, my lady,'' with a little house- maid's courtesy, ''I have a favour to ask. Don't banish poor Miss Herncastle to mope to death in the dreary upper region of the nursery and school room. She is a lady — treat her as such — your guest — treat her as a guest. Let her come to dinner.'' ''Queenie! Miss Herncastle to dinner! My guest ! What quixotic nonsense you talk ! She is my dependent, not my visitor.'' ''That is her misfortune, not her fault. Miss Herncastle is a lady to her finger-tips, and fifty times cleverer than you or I. See how she interests all the gentlemen. Issue your commands, oh Empress of Scarswood. She will make our heavy family dinner go off.'' ''Interest the gentleman ! Yes, I should say so. She seems to entertain Captain O'Donnetl and Sir Arthur Tregenna pretty thoroughly at this moment Queenie, I don't understand you; you should be the last on earth to ask for much of Miss Herncastle. Where are your eyes ?'' ''In their old situation. You don't understand me ?'' Lady Cecil laughed a little, and glanced over at the two gentlemen to whom the tall gover- ness talked. ''No, perhaps not— -perhaps I don't quite understand myself. Never mind that ; perhaps I like Miss Herncastle — perhaps the spell of the enchantress is over me, too. We won't ask questions, like a good little cousin ; we will only ask Miss Herncastle to dinner today, tomorrow, and all the morrows?" '' Well, certainly, Queenie, if you really wish it ; but I confess I can't understand ? '' ''Don't try, ma chere ; ? where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise.' Once a lady, always a lady, is it not ? and though Miss Herncastle be a governess today, she has been something far different in days gone by. Thanks for this favour. Let your your invitation be gracious, Ginevra, as your inviations can be when you like.'' She turned away and walked into the house. Her cousin looked after her with a perplexed face. What could Queenie mean ? Why, it was plain as rose-light yonder in the west that Sir Arthur Tregenna was going to fall in love with her ; Sir Arthur Tregenna, who had come down here expressly to fall in love with Lady Cecil Clive ; Sir Arthur, in whom all Lady Cecil's hopes and ambitions should be centred. And here was Lady Cecil now begging that this inconvenient governess might be brought forward, thrown into his Bociety, treated as an equal, and left to work her Circean spells. ''It's the strangest thing I ever heard of — it's absurd, preposterous. However, as I have pro- mised, I suppose I must perform. And what will Uncle Raoul say ? I shall keep an eye upon you this evening, Miss Herncastle, and if I find you attempt to entrap Sir Arthur, your first evening will be your last.'' Miss Herncastle's two cavaliers fell back as my lady appeared. The other gentlemen had gone to their rooms to dress for dinner ; those two followed now. Captain O'Donnell's share in the conversation had been slight, but there was a look of conviction on his face as he ran up to his room. "It is she,'' he said to himself; 'there's not a doubt about it. A nursery governess. Rather a disagreeable change, I should imagine, after the life she has left. What in the name of all that is mysterious can have brought her here?'' Miss Herncastle listened in grave surprise, as my lady tersely and curtly issued her command? ''It is my desire, at the solicitation of Lady Cecil Clive, Miss Herncastle, that you dine with us to-day,'' she said, snappishly. '' There is no necessity for any change in your dress. You are well enough.'' Miss Herncastle was robed like a Quakeress, in gray silk, a pearl brooch fastening her lace collar, and a knot of blue ribbon in her hair. She looked doubtful at my lady as she listened. Lady Cecil Clive wishes me to dine with you today, my lady ?" she repeated, as though not sure she had heard aright. ''I have said, so,'' my lady replied, still more snappishly. ''I don't pretend to understand, only she does, that is enough. Lady Cecil's wishes are invariably mine.'' And then my lady, with her silken train sweeping majestically behind her, sailed away, and the governess, who had so signally come to honour, was left alone — alone with the paling splendour of the sunset, with the soft flutter of the July wind, with the twitter of the birds in the branches, and the peacocks promenading to and fro on the stone terraces. These peacocks, with their stately strut and outstretched tails, bore an absurd resemblance to my lady herself, and Miss Herncastle's darkly thoughtful face broke into a smile as she saw it. ''As the queen pleases,'' she said, with a shrug. '' And I am to dine with the Right Honorable the Earl of Ruysland, the Lady Cecil, and two baronets. Some of us are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. I am one of the latter, it appears. I thought the power to wonder at anything earthly had left me forever, but I wonder— I wonder what Lady Cecil means by this?'' Miss Herncastle, the governess, half-an-hour later, sat down among this very elegant company at dinner. Sir Peter Dangerfield scowled through his eye-glasses as he took his seat. ''What the deuce does this mean ?'' he thought, savagely ; '' bringing the brats' governess to dinner. To annoy me, nothing else ; that's her amiable motive always, to annoy me.'' Miss Herncastle found herself placed between the Earl of Ruysland and Sir Arthur Tregenna. The earl, immaculately got up, spotless, ruffled, snowy linen, tail coat, rose in button-hole, diamond ring on his finger, hair perfumed, and hands white and delicate as his daughter's own, looked the whole patrician Peerage of England personified in himself. And with all the suave gallantry of a latter-day Chesterfield he paid compliments and made himself eminently agreeable to the lady by whom he was seated. His digestion might be upset, his peace of mind destroyed by the proximity, but his handsome face was placid as a summer lake. 'Your reading of that poem was something quite wonderful, Miss Herncastle, I give you my word. I have heard some of the best elocutionists of the day — on the stage and off it — but, upon my life, my dear young lady, you might make the best of them look to their laurels. I wonder now, with your talents — and pardon an old man — your per- sonal appearance, you have never turned your thoughts in that direction — the stage, I mean. It is our gain at present, but it is the loss of the theatrical world.'' Miss Herncastle smiled— supremely at her ease. ''Your lordship is pleased to be complimentary or sarcastic— the latter, I greatly fear. It is one thing be read a poem decently, and quite another to electrify the world as Lady Macbeth. I may teach children of nine to spell words of two syllables and the nine parts of speech, but I fear I would receive more hisses than vivas on the boards of the Princess.'' By some chance she looked up as she finished speaking, and met a pair of dark, keen eyes looking at her across the table, with the strangest, most sarcastic look. Those cynical blue eyes belonged tto the Irish-African soldier, Captain O'Donnell. He smiled as he met her gaze. ''Miss Herncastle does herself less than justice,'' he said, very slowly. '''A great actress she might never be — we have no great actresses nowadays — but a clever actress, I am very sure. As to Lady Macbeth, I have no means of knowing, but in the character of Ophelia, now, I am quite certain, she would be charming.'' Miss Herncastle's steady hand was lifting a glass of champagne. The sudden and great start she gave overset the glass and spilled the wine. ''How awkward I am !'' she said, with a laugh; '' if I commit such gaucheries as this, I fear Lady Dangerfield will repent having invited her governess to dinner. Thanks, my lord ; don't trouble your self ; my dress has escaped.'' (To be continued ) 