THE SKIPPER'S GHOST A STORY OF THE SOUTH SEAS. (By 6 x 8.) Wo were bound for South Sea Inlands, and the wind was blowing fair, ?' And the good ship Flyer carried all her canvas full and square, When the sky began to darken— in the distance roared a squall — While sho steered west-nor'-west, straight towards her port of call. Suddenly it burst upon us—' All hands ready ! Shorten sails I' Cried the captain from the quart'-deck, and they hurried up the rails; And. like cats, climbed up the rigging — one would ever fear they'd fall While she steered west-nor'-west, straight towards her port of call. When tho storm was at the highest, close to twelve o'clock at night, Suddenly the ship was lit up by a ghostly sort of light ; On the poop, amidst a fire, rose a bearded figure tall — While she steered west-nor'-west, straight towards her port of call. It was clad in oilskin jacket, with a pair of sea- boots on ; Wrote on deck in fiery letters: 'Bust-sou' -east!' and then was gone. With it went the stormy weather — it had quieted the squall — While sho steered west-nor'-west, straight towards her port of call. 'Call the watch thero!' cried the captain, 'On your posts to ship about ; Shape a course for east-sou'-east, and let the bracing ? gears run out.' 'Ready!' Round she went! A beauty— helm, and yards, and sails, and all — And she steered east-sou'-east, straight away from port of call. We wera sailing to the eastward— sailing back towards the shore, And the good ship Flyer carried all her canvas as of yore, When ' Ship-ahoy 1' rang out aloft, from her topmast, high ana tall — While she steered east-sou'-east, straight away from port of call. Quick we manned a boat and sent her to a reft which hove in sight, Bearing Beven shipwrecked seamen, in a truly fearful plight. How they wept and kissed our sailors as they pulled them up her wall — While sho steered east-sou'-east, straight away from port of call. When the mariners recovered from thoir agony and pain, They related how their skipper they had begged all in vain To leave his sinking schooner, when she foundered in a squall — Still we steered east-sou'-east, straight away from port ? of call. ' Aye, he wore an oilskin jacket, and he hadhis sea-boots on ; , ' He was big, and tall, and strong, and his face a bearded . one,' 1 Said the boatswain of the schooner, and his tears began to fall While we steered east-sou'-east, straight away from port i of call. He had hardly finished speaking when our captain shouted out : 'Back that wheel, and clear the braces ! On your post to go about!' V 'Ready!' Round she went again— helm, and yards, and sails, and all — , And she steered west-nor'-west, straight towards her port of call. ' . ' Wendell Phillips was wont to _say to his friends : ' Some of yon will live to see the tem perance question, the woman question, the labor question, the purity question all 'merged in one mighty movement of the people,' massing itself in political party that shall make for righteous ness and save the nation from its sins.' 