TELEGRAMS. London, Thursday. Since the arrival of the German cruiser at Swatow the ringleaders in the, late outrages on foreign resi- dents have been arrested It is reported that Russia has decided upon massing 90,000 troops at Vladivostook before the spring It is officially announced that China has accepted the British ultimatum, and that the Emperor has degraded the Viceroy of Szechuen, and ordered that hoe shall never again hold office. The Times says that it is an unprecedented thing that a Chinese Viceroy should be degraded by an Imperial edict, and that the celerity with which China submitted to the British demands had astonished Europe. The rebellion in Kansu is seriously widening. Most of the secret societies are largely co-operating. The object of the rebels is the expulsion of the Manchu dynasty, and the re-establishment of the older Chinese. In the wool sales competition continues with good prices. Course-breds show an advance of 25 per cent. : scoured Merinos, 20 per cent, on the closing rates of last sales. A number of Armenians attempted to march to the residence of the Grand Vizier in Constanti- nople to present a petition praying for the redress of grievances, but the way was barred by the police and the military, and a stubborn fight occurred. The rioters shot several and the Guards killed and wounded 150 Armenians Five hundred were ar- rested. The following day the riots were renewed, and 60 Armenians were killed by Turkish students. Later. The serious rioting in Constantinople is believed to have been part of a general rising of Armenians in Turkey. The Sultan has dismissed the president of his Council. A detachment of British tars have burned down the rebel camp at Mombassa, South Africa. PRESBYTERY OF THE CLARENCE.- The Presbytery met at Grafton on Wednesday. Present - Revs. A. Gray (Chairman in the absence of the Moderator), A. Barron, and J. Scott. ; Messrs. R. Young and J. Hay, elders. Rev. A. M. Tait, of Goulburn, was unanimously nominated Moderator of next Council Assembly. Rev. Mr. Thorpe, of Ballina, was granted three months leave of ab- sence. Mr McGee, student, who has been labour- ing on the Brunswick, but who contemplates leav- ing to pursue his studies, was granted a certificate by the Presbytery in recognition of the excellent labours performed by him in that, charge. Regula- tions submitted to the Presbytery with regard to the Manse Loan Fund were approved. Rev. Mr. Scott reported visiting the Bellinger charge, and declaring vacant. Next meeting of Presbytery will be held at Maclean in January. A WANDERING HUSBAND RETURNS HOME. \- The details of the return of the Blackburn man after an absence of nearly twenty years, and who had long been given up as dead by his wife, form a remarkable modern parallel to the romance of Enoch Arden. About eighteen years ago a young Black- burn man, engaged in the building trade, married and with one child, suddenly disappeared from home, leaving no clue, except that it was generally believed that he had gone to America "to seek his fortune." His wife, having waited the pre- scribed number of years, and receiving no tidings of her husband, was married a second time, and lived happily up to a short time ago, when her second husband died. About a mouth after this, event, the wanderer returned to Blackburn, and heard from a shopkeeper, who was ignorant of the wife's second marriage, that she was still at the old home. Arrived there, the man was met by a young woman, his daughter, and while he was relating to the incredulous girl the tale of his wanderings his wife suddenly appeared. She swooned on seeing what she supposed to be the ghost of her dead husband, and when she recovered from the shock she told her tale of waiting, and he of his wanderings in search of the fortune he never obtained. The man is now at home with his wife and daughter. 