PASSlON AN) PIRIN IPLE. cUIAPIann vii (cONTiNUED). MinAe?TnM1:, in a emull lolgiug at South ampton :lo micrarbln cnnause of anl thin trouble and snfariung lay ill-almost dying. Kate Dr)ummoud, like a true friend, as some seid, although there is asuch a thing as carrying friendship too far, and really to nurse a woman who had so outraged society was a little-, was with her, had been with her sine she was taken ill. She had gone to her so soon as she had seen by the papers that Captain Ruthren's regiment had got nudden orders to the seat of war, and when she came he had already left. " I found Lady Headloy in a high fever," she wrote to Mrs. Millar, "and quite delirious. Shoe is now conscious, and the doctor insists upon perfeot jquiet. If any serious change takes place I will telegraph to you at once." The Rector's state of mind wao pitiable; but even he brought himself to think that if Daisy died it would be best. But such fitting termina tions do not depend upon human agency. Iu His wiser dispensations the Almighty saw fit to allow the poor erring girl to struggle back to life to a life every different to the one of luxury and ease ohe had hitherto lived. Her means were very slender (for she would receive nothing from Sir Arthur) and were mostly deprived from the sale of her jewels and the residue of her pin money still in bank. On this hoe lived until she would be strong enough to earn something, for upon her own exertions the once-envied and ad mired beauty had now to depend for the means of existence--an existence which was weariful exceedingly. The days and hours went by in one cease less round of elf-reproach. K-ato had loft so soon as tIh invalid was strong enough to get about. She gave her friend to understand that eho could not stay any longer. "It would be injurious to me to stay any longer just at present," she said. "By-and-by, when people are not talking so much habout this busi ness, i will come again; and in the meantime I will write often." So she did; and her letters had al ways the effect of making poor Daisy lower than before. There wasaIways some allusion, some careless word, which left a sting behind. And now that she had plenty of time for reflec tion, and that these reflections always took the same course, the poor girl began to wonder whether this dear friend of hers had boon all through the behost guide a girl could have. Cautions given by Captain Ruth von, to which she had not attended, now returned to her mind. The night before he sailed he had said: "Don't trust Pussy too much. I don't think she is quite true, quite honest." And these words haunted Daisy. She was ill, lonely, and impressed with the idea that she was going to die. No one could feel as she did and recover, and she felt she could not face her Eternal Judge unless she made one appeal to the father of her child that he would listen and forgive. She wrote: I believe I am going todie, and I am afraid to meet death witbout begging you to believoe I am not so guilty as I seem to have been. When I nm dead sols Kate Drummond; she will tell you, and perhaps you will then pardon me. I am araid yoo won't even read thelre n.iecrable lines, for they all say that your anger is great; but when I am in my gravse it will bu a comrort to you to remember that you hbve not refused my request to questiaon lte, to, if need be, put her on her oath. She, and ebo alone, knows all my maedInces, or I owas mad; and if you can blieove thatb it was so, perhaps, if only for my child's osao, you will show mercy to a sinner. Kats Drummond was on the bal cony of the small house in Minerva street, when she saw Sir Arthur drive up. A flush rose to her face; he had come at last. Sho ran in hastily to send away her mother; there should be no witness to this important inter. view. She gave a look in the glass; she was looking weoll, she thought. " Arthur, what a miserable mooting this is; how dreadful everything is I" Then, holding out her hand: "I am so glad to see you again-so very glad; it is kind of you." "I should not have come," Sir Arthur returned hflrriedly. "I see no one now. Only to-day I have had a letter, a very strange letter, from hoer-from Daisy. Perhaps you had better read it. She says you can." And then, overpowered by his agi tation, Sir Arthur turned away. The letter occupied Pussy only a short time in reading; there was a rustle of the paper, a sigh, and then, in her clear voice, she said: "Poor Daisy I Oh, Sir Arthur I her brain is still affeooted. Dootor Herbert fecared it would he; otherwise, how could she fancy I could justify her ?" This view of the case had never presented itself before, and it was hardly a consoling one. "tMiss Drummond, I am so tho roughly in the dark, exceopt that I know of your generous conduct to that miserable, deluded girl, and I thank you for it, from my heart. She is young, so weak, and I left her too much to herself. I blame myself; God knows I do; and, Kate, if you could, if you would tell all. I would rather thinlk that she was mad than vileo and wanton. She says that you, her friend, her confidante, can clear her, so far as that she is not so guilty as she seems- " "No, no," broke in Pussy; "I was not her confidante; I knew nothing, believe me. I advised her for her good, even to the length of ad vising her not to marry you when I knew she loved my cousin Guy. From the first moment they met it was a desperate case--" " Good Heavens I why do you talk of a silly flirtation long ago for gotten ?" Never forgotten, you mean. You were blind, but I was not. I could not bear to worry you to make you suspicious, but from the time Guy came I never Ihad an easy moment. I did my bese, believe me, dear, dear Arthur, to save both her and you. I never loft them alone together." "There ; don't speak to me of that dreadiful time, You say that you think Daisy was mad when she wroto t~his letter ?" " Sheo was oftls a.? (tllring tho illues thlrough which I nureed her." " Oh, Kate, if I could think she was always tol 3ut can it be that she alludes to when she says you can prove to me that eho is not guilty. She says 1 must even make you swear an oath. Kato, I am sorry-ashamed to aek you to do this." " Ahbamed I No wonder, Sir Arthur. I am really not in the habit of hraving my word doubted at the request of- . But it is wrong and selfish of me to think of myself at such a time. I regret that Daisy, in writing thus to you, in under one of her delusions. I can say nothing to oxoouse her. I with I could assure you, since you any such belief would comfort you, that previous to Captain Ruthven's departure for Egypt Daisy showed any symptom of insanity. I never saw the least. It was the dopair of parting from him, the-" But Sir Arthur would listen to no more summing up of reasons. He took up his hat, and with some muttered worde which might mean farewell, left her, disappointed in his hope. Convinced by all that fell from Kate Drummoud's lips that his wife had been a more hardened sinner than even he had believed her to be, he took no notice of the letter which Daisy had in buckh gony and despair written to him. As the days passed and no anuwer came eko would sometimes think of following him to Brighton, where she heard he was, and of throwing herself on her knees and imploring him to hear her. But soon even this hope was to desert her. The evening paper held the announcement that Sir Arthur Headley, family, and suite had sailed for Italy, where he intended to pass the winter. And then-dully, heavily at first it was borne in upon her that her hne. band and the father of her child wa?s lost to her for ever I CnASTEP. VlI, The reader is now supposed to have passed over three years. These years have brought the changes inevitable to time. The divorce between Sir Arthur Headley and his erring wife has beeoon duly pro nounced; but, so far as gratifying the sinners in this domestic tragedy, this permission to make themselves legally happy has been of no use. Handsome Guy Ruthvon never returned to Eug land to make good the harm he had done. He was killed fighting, and his place knew him no more. The Rector too had passed quietly away. Fanny and her ourate reign at the Rectory now. Of Daisy, nothing has been heard. She was known to have left her lodg ings noon after Captain Ruthven's death. Perhaps Fan or Lady Jane Fenouhnrch could tell something about her; but, as nobody asks them, they keep their own counsel. On the morning on which this chapter opens--a delicionsly mild one it is for the time of year; the end of December-we see some one very like our old friend Daisy; only older, quieter, far more beautiful. She is sitting beside a tall gentlemen, who is half-lying on a bench in front of one of the prettiest of the villas in charm ing Mentone. " How I wish you could see the view to-day I" she says, gently, as she lays down the book she had been reading to Sir Arthur, and looks at him ton derly. But this toendorness on her part is lost upon him. For the last year and more the Baronet has had to bear the terrible misfortune of loss of sight to him almost akin to death, worse if possible. The sentence almost drove him mad; and yet, as is the case with every affilition nent by Providence, this trial had its meaning, and one day Sir Arthur would rejoice over it. When the eminent oceulist had pro nounced that rapid cataract had formed upon his patient's eyes he likewise had ordered immediate change of eeone. "Go abroad," he said, " and wait there until the operation cau be safely performed." " And for a poor wretch who can't see, of what use will the blue sky and the orange-trees be ' But I will go. And what about my little girl ? I can not leave her, doctor." "Certainly not. But she and that good-tempered nurse, Marohmont, will be all the better for the trip. Will Lady Fairfax join you ? " " She will remain at Mountroyal." So it was arranged, and at first the change weas of no use. Sir Arthur's spirits weoro worse than before, his gloom deepened; but of late an altera tion had passed o'er the spirit of his dream since Lady Jane Fenoburoh had come to Montone-his old friend and her children, with their governess, "a young Swedish lady," Lady Janeuo said, "the widow of a friend of hers, and more a companion than a go veorness." Since the arrival of those ladies Sir Arthur had gradually boecome himself again. Whether it was the sweet voice of Madame Elowagen had a charm reminding him of another whioh once had been very dear to him, or that her gentle ways were i pleasant, it woas pretty plain that her Spresonoo exercised a powerful in fluence over the blind Baronet. His face would light up at her approach, he Swould rouse himself from his reveries, to talk to her, and his interest in her seemed over on the increase. She frequently accompanied him on short r sea trips from Mentone along the ncoast to neighbouring towns, during I which he seemed to regain almost a cheerfulneoss. Her care of him was a tender and unremitting. He was at no pains to conceal the feolinge the k had created. "And yet you don't seem satisfied with the suecoss of your experiment," a Lady Jano said one day. "I think Sit isperfeot, although a strange episode. u Sir Arthur is evidently falling in love, y head over hools with his own wife." I "If it should be so, whom have I r to thank for the blessing but you, my I best and dearest friend ?" the girl answered, with a bright blush. S" Only for your goodness in coming to a my rescue, where shall I be now? SPerhaps I should have taken my own lifo ; I was very near it when I found a no one would believo my etory I How could I haves believca in her ? But when I was once in her poower, it was like being under a spell--I could not abako it off. It must hava boeen very stupid. " Or very trusting-a natural quality at eighteen; but now, my love, you Iave fousd by experienco that there is ouch a thing as two faces under a hood, and learned the leson pretty eaverely, too." There was a pause for a minute, and then Daisy, kneeling down beside Lady Jane, looked into her face rwith an expression of deep reverence. " You would restore confidence to a lost soul," she said, fervently; " only for you my trust in God and man was over for ever. You hold out the hand of fellowship to an outcast. You took under your protection a divorced woman-a girl, a mother who had no husband, against whom every one had a right to throw a stone-you who have such an honored name." "Well, my dear, and what then ? Mly home shall always be yours, till better times come. And I thinlk those good days are coming fast. In the meantime, you and I shall not part, please God." "If poor Guy had only lived," Daisy went on, "he would have forced Kate into doing her duty, even as he would honorably, and without any forcing, have done his." Lady Jane's little grimace of half incredulity fortunately escaped Daisy's notice, but when after a minute she began mildly: "Perhaps so, my dear; but it is hard to answer for men, and the whole story is so singular." Daisy broke in impatiently: "There, you don't believe it. I suppose I should not be surprised, and yet I did think-" " My dearest Daisy, how can you be so foolish ? I believe in you as Ido in Gospel truth; but you must be pro-. pared for want of truth in others; and you have now no voice hut this unprincipled woman's to speak in your behalf." Daisy was silent for a moment, and then said, with great gravity: " The oath, or the word of even the worsat, the least reliable person is, I believe, always accepted as truth when they know themselves to be dying." "Yes; but Miss Drummond is not dying; at least we have no reason to fear that she is." "Fear I Oh I Lady Jane, you can not imagine that I would grieve for the death of such a false, treacherous friend I " " Well, don't, my dear, especially on this delightful evening, indulgo in any more angry thoughts. I never have seen such a sky; sailors say it is a presage of storm and tempest. Never mind; let us enjoy the calm, the delight of the present moment, as do the birds who are singing so sweetly, taking no heed for the mor row." "And you think," Daisy answeore, 1 ;ravely, "that I should he like them; ; that I should not look forward, but be thankful for the sunny days I have had for more than six weeks?" "Yes, my dear; I do think so. You should count these days amongst your precionus jewels. Remember, you have, after all your folly, felt the joy of your child's hisses and the touch of her baby hands; and, roeol loot, also, that, even although a storm may be gathering, there is no reason for despair. The heart of the hardest may be turned to be merciful; and the punishment you have suffered may not have been borne in vain." "Ah I if I could only think so; if anything I could bear or have borne could atone for my sin, my folly I " oriod poor Daisy. "I would give-I was going to say, ton years of lifo; but that, if I know myself, would be no price to pay. But I would be struck blind, if only I could undo the past I" " Don't talk of what you don't uun doerstand, child. To you-to a woman, after all, the suffering is not so great; but a man like Sir Arthur, so active and enorgetio; I can imagine no greater trial, no daily cros, harder to bear." "Yes; it is terrible. But, still, Lady Jane, he has hope. Ahl I that is the worst of all sufferings I If I thought that, even in ten years, there would be a chance for me I" "But, Daisy, doar"-and, as she spoke, the kind-hearted woman busied herself with her work, and forebore looking at the toll-tale face, which re vealed every thought of its owner's mind-" Daisy, do you know that Fletcher was not quite certain as to the operation being a euocessful one ? Sir Arthur told me so yesterday." Very still-so still that Lady Jane looked up at her in some alarm-did Daisy remain after these words. And, when the silence was broken at last, her voice was changed and trembling. " And, if it does not suocod-what then? Would he-ohl dear Lady Jane, answer me the truth-would he never see again? I fool I have no right hero, anoting this part, winning his love, when I know he would turn away in horror if he know that it was his wrotched wife who dares to take his hand in hers; who presses his child to her heart. I cannot carry it on any more. I must betray myself; and I could not boar his contempt. Oh I my dear friend; if I have sinned surely I have boon bitterly terribly punished I" And then Lady Jane, not indeed for the first time, entered into every oir oumstaneoo of poor Dlaisy's case. But when all had boon said that the kindest friendship could dictate, there was very little comfort could be given to the poor young creature who had so insanely thrown away her own happi ness, and whose torture it now was to love and prize what she had lost, with a love unlike what she had ever felt when the same gifts lay, so to speak, in her hand. " Oh I if I could only go back; if I could only be as I wasl " she would moan; and her moans touched Lady Jane's heart with tender sorrow. "Things will come right," she said. But the very next day an event coc ourroed which seemed likely to com plicato still more the meshes of the tangled web in which Daisiy's own folly had plceod her. Sir Arthur proooicd-d-cturnly pro. posed-in gooad form to the soi-diantl Madame Ela?ngen. They waro stand ing hand in hr.nd on a narrow moun tain ridge. The beauty of the Ecene could only be enjoyed by onu of the? pair, and Daisy was beginning to de scribe it to her companion, ahn bshe felt her band softly pressed, and in his deep voice, and with far mnore emotion than when five years ago be had made her a similar offer, Sir Arthur began: "Would that I could always have this little hand to guideo me I Yon tnalked to-day of leaving. Have you reflected what will the blind man do without you I My little Agnes, too, she has learned to love you, as I do. Do not call me presumptuous; but somo times I have dared to hope that in spite of my great infirmity you might be brought to accept the love of one who, although he cannot see your sweet face, has found it only too easy to roalisoe how great a blessing it would be to call you wife." Hoe stooped, overcome with emotion; and Daisy, sobbing ano if her heart would break, answered it was im possible. She could not marry him I it was not that she did not love him and little Agnes, but there was an insuperable objection. "It is not fair-it is not just," pleaded the Baronet. "If you do love me, why should anything stand between us ?" Daisy ehuddered. She know full well the terrible ghost that stood at that moment betrwoen them. Memory, that ghosot which makes cowards of nous all, unrolled a long page, before which the girl hid her face and wept. "No, no," she said, in a whioper; "pray do not ask me any questions; it can never, never be. I shall never marry again." "Can never I Was he then so But pardon me, I have no right to ask such questions. Madame, exuozonse me. But you do not give me the idea of a woman whone heart is in her husbnnd's grave." Bunt at thin moment, much to Sir Arthur's annoyance, they are inutor. rupted. Lady Jane and the oildaren, who had gone to gather flowers, rejoin themn, and the party return together. All the way home the voieoo of temp tation is busy in Daisy's breast; it is no longer a hope, it is a certainty, that she, in her' new character, with out the assistance of that beauty which has been' o fatal to her, hns reconquered the heart she had lost. It is hers, it depends upopen her alone to become his wife, to be again the mother of his hobildren; but then the risk, the certainty of detseotion, which ohe could not for a moment oontem plate without terror. There seemed no outlet from the diflioulty but flight, and this alternative tore the very heartstrings of the poor girl, who was conscious of loving with the fall force of her passionate nature the man who was bound to hate and contemn her. Her agony was piteous to behold, She grieved as one beyond all hope. It wrong the heart of kind Lady Jane to hear her sobs when the parting came and the preparations for dopar ture were all made, "I shall never soeeo them again; they are lost to me for ever," she kept on repeating. It was lucky that Lady Jane was returning herself to England, or Daisy would never have borne up against the desolation of her heart, a desola tion which the surroundings of a London lodging did not dispel. The sense of loneliness was fear fully oppressive; she wao so utterly friendless in the midst of the crowded oity. She hardly felt as if she had courage to faoo an interview with Kate Drummond, which she felt was abso lutely necessary. "I cannot help it," she told Lady Janeo, "when I think of what I was and what I am. All those who seemed to care for me have deserted me-all. There is one tru friend-yourself." "But I am the only one to whom you have given your fall confidence. You can hardly wonder that, appear ances being so much against you-" "People should give me the cold shouldor. Well, perhaps so. My old friend, Lady Ieabolla Trant, is in town. Would yenou advise me to go and see her T" "Certainly not, unless you are pre pared to give her a full and entire ex planation, and oven then-" " Even then she might not believe in mo-who but you would-without one corroborating witness-except, in deed, poor Guys letters; they had great weight with you." "They certainly had, but I did not hooeed them. Still, if I were you, Il would prefer trying what could be done with Mios Drummond first. You say her mother has no influence over her ?" "None whato?er. General Ash more has some ;but what right have I to aso him to exert it? And my own family know they have treated me so coldly-not a kind word, a loving expression, even from my mother-a hard belief in my guilt; that is hard. If it had not boeen for Fanny, good little soul-" " And her husband," eagerly put in Lady Jane. "My dear Daisy, why have vo not thought of Mr. Treherne, he is a godd, charitable, and rather an impressive man? Why not ar range with him to have an interview with Miss Drummond? He might talk to her of her duties; as a Christion, he might even-I know I should, if I weoro in his place-frighten her into tolling the truth." Daisy shook her head. "There would be no chance of frightening Kate unless she were very ill, and than it should be a stranger; familiarity with her breeoods cdntompt. And then, how could I toll my story to anyone but Edward Trehorno ?" " My advico would be to send for your brother-in-law." " And Fanny. Dear Lady Jane, as usual, you have made me see every thing in a brighter light. I fool now as if I could enoonuter Kate Drum mend; it is so early that I don't think she can say 'Not at home.' How I hope I may have done some thing before I see you again 1" (To te conti5uned.) 