\- The Anne-a' Tommy ov Mac-Roe Tommy and Mick-Roe Tommy. One of the moot marvellous effeots upon the selfish mind. is seen in the slight lunacy that ooour* when* little man gets into big breeohw. He feels inexpressibly bigger than be is, and the myetery to hua ia solved i It is a fact » little man oan easily jump into big breeches. Under tha chaste infiuenoes of Soot oh miet, HighlanHlw, and the narcotio weed it never ooours loine littls man that the big man could not possibly reverse^the argument or tbe f»ot and jump into one UTOe man's oreeoaes even ft he were ten times as big as little Tommy aiye big Tommy was. *Nor am I going to dispute the argument, but nther incline to show that the now nearly defunot big Tommy was much bigger, very muoh bigger, than the fusel oiled little Tommy can possibly imagine. When Ministers make electioneering trips at the oountry'a expense and take with them a foolish Governor — who is being used on account of his great popularity— together with a lot of Par liamentary bwmtokera and button-holera, it is well the people should show a smattering of eyoophnnoy, and with oheen assist at empty lag a few of the Bucaldine short-bottomed Jeroboams. Its effect sometimes is soothing when poetry and Bong come in, as it happily did when N.S.W. Minister Abigail in 1888, on an election trip broke out with v- Just before tbe battle, mother, and finished tbe song as immensely apropos to bia owu *nd Jiig party1* feelings. AucUhe -climax 'was -reached when M'Elhone repeated the song in biB place in the N.S.W. Assembly a few days before the election battle began. * * * Mr. Tommy-^-our own little Toncmy — musb have had similar feelings about the battle, mother, when he unearthed tbe great Tommy and fondly imagined he could buiid an election edifice upon &_p^r of . such JinmaDSij__and capacious enyny broeches. Was the 'micro- cosmic Tommy lost in his mtud, or smothered in tbe big man's breaks when he Raid : ' At periods like that the people of a couutiy called loudly for a very atrong ma a to ooino fonvard. They called for the man at the last election, and tbe man came. What was the-fesult of the adminietratiou of Sir Thomas M'llwraitb and pf the administration of his Ministry? By hard work and courage such as those present bad very little, knowledge of, and by a great deal of personal trial and suffering, the Ministry was enabled, under the guidance of the strong man who was at its head, to bring things about so that revenue aud ex(ienditure were balanced, and in this financial year — which would dose on the 30th of June— of all the Australian colonies Queensland would be the only one that would be able to go before tha world tad aty, 'Nouonly httvewumadB both sides meet ; not only is our revenue equal with our expenditure ; but here we show a handsome surplus in addition.' ' tt tt * Or, waa he in the same stats as Abigail was ? The fact of the matter is th*t M'll wraith was not only a groat man, a great thinker, a great organiser, a great schemer, a great absorber of other men's brains, but he really was so great at everything— and so much so— that if he had not done so much work, or ho much mischief, he would, my dear Mr. AttorneyCoercion General, nave been very muoh greater in the eyes of the people of the colony, greater iu the eyes of the Investment Company, obeatbb in tee eyes of the steel rail manufacturers, and stall GREATER in the eyes of his Great Maker, ' whom, if he hid served with half the zefcl^bejutd served bis clan, would not have deserted aim in sis hour or need.' Indeed, 'some men,' says the occult legend, 'are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon tbein,' but I do not (lunk either one or the other of these great virtue* aaa be credited to ottr Mien hero. It JBJ&m-fehe; JiyrJatt-'J Eli, V.K, Utna fahmMihani.' jTrfjpiff fapfnm ntir lifctln JPnmmy had done retail? ^pjFoairy produce in lbs spotless purity, long before be donned (Ate subservient ana ob sequious silk, our btg Tommy was not being born great, not achieving greatness, and cer tainly not having much greatness thrust upon him. Tbe colony did hot ' call ' him, but his genesis to Queensland WM ushered in by his native Scotch idua of uuoiug biu way to make a good tiling out of a little political engineering. * * * He saw the plight Queensland waa In, left his civil encrineership, intruded himself upon the Maranoa, and suggested the Western ex tonsion from Dalby. Ueing personally in tereeted in a station out there be became an authority. He joined the Maoalister Ministry but he won fell out with his chief, spread his wings, crowed a little, and joined Palmer. He engmeenad Palmer into O'GonneU's shoes, and beoanwwMSB of the show. He soon showed hiB band and'Billy Miles, an older hand than himself, soon twigged the impress of the cloven hoof, Billy was do geologist, but he could see indications of an expensive clan in the mail contract. He gave the then young Sam — our Sam — the bint, and Billy found a little pocket money for tbe lawyer crowd. Billy lost, and the Clan na Gael became more indiscreet than ever. Not to be beat, Billy ventured again. He saw the clan was getting 'bigger audTSigger. He saw in every depart ment of business, in every contract, the im fn the monetary vitals of this colony as in delibly as the hoof of Jack's extinct Scotchman is impressed in the duBt of the caves of pre historic Devon. Billy and Co. fancied a little about a huge deal in steel rails. To law again and to the Privy Council. Then the Invest ment Company's little affair. To law again, wrong verdict, Sammy and tbe great man oould not face London again as friends. They TOlipmri the Privy Council; worked the in dependent members of- Parliament, and {little Tommy, are you listening?) be it therefore enacted by tbe Jbegislative Council and the Legislative Assembly, they borrowed (they -oould-not-buy)-a-jndge,-reveraed tho verdict, sang Hallelujah, and tell sick ~Sn~fu11 pay, left' the calony ' with a fine sense of duty,' his resignation in Mr. Nelson's hands, and his constituency totally unrepresented. ? * * * Now, electors, this is Tommy the milkman's hero — the strong man of Queensland ! stbong man of Australia ! ! STRONG man of the Empire ! ! 1 Ghosts of Homer's Iliad, defend this realm of Queensland from ThiB disloyal state of things, this fnsolenoe of offloe, This 'damnation*' land of Barlow's, these banks, tbeBe fears. This Jordan's Eden, this Tozer's Hades, ? THs country built by Nature for herself Against grab, infection, and the hand of spoil ; l'hls wretohed breed of men, this little Tommy, This preoions fool drest in a little brief authority, This blessed lot, this squad, this realm, this Queens — — land, ? My dear Tommy, write to Roma for sour grapes, a port-mantle, a pallium, a palliasse, and a blanket, and go to Tozer's Hades, or to bed. The great, great M'llwraith is to all in tents and purposes dead, thrice dead, and this happy Queensland of his is a young widow, a desirable young widow, who will for the future discard bank mashers, great ministers, usurers and fanoy men. She has set her mind upon a plain, honest working man. OuiON. The Bootmakers' Union has decided to hold a conoert and dance on Friday, the 26th April, in aid of the widow and seven children of one of their late shopmates (Jimmy Dunne). Unfortunately the widow has been left in very pnornimummmtifmi, ap^ -itu» «nm nf Rti fiinapjr) ire very desirous of making this benefit a thorough success. » 