KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF '' PAULINE LISLE.''] PART II. CHAPTER XXVI. HUNTED DOWN. It was very early on the morning of the ensuing day—so early that the rosy spears of sunrise were but just glancing through the tall firs and waving brake around Bracken Hollow-when a loud, authoritative knock aroused the inmates of the lonely old house from their slumbers. In five minutes old Hannah was up and dressed, and in the room of her young mistress. Katherine (let us call her by the old name) had sprung from her bed also as that authoritative knock resounded through the house. " It must be Henry Otis—it can be no one else at this hour. Go open the door, Hannah, and let them in, whoever they may be." " But my dear——" " There is nothing to fear, whether it be friend or foe. If they do not come to me, I shall go to them. The power is mine now, and the victory. Before the sun sets, Harriet Harman's confession shall be in the hands of my Lord of Ruysland. They shall learn, one and all, to their cost, who the despised gover- ness is whom they have turned from their doors.'' ''And then ?' old Hannah said. ' Ah ! And then ------'Sufficient unto the day,' etc. Go open the door, Hannah— there is the knock again; and on my word, whoever the gentleman is, he knocks commandingly.'' Hannah went. She flung open the door and stood confronted by a tall man, with a dark, handsome, stern-looking face, and an unmistakably military air. ''I wish to see Miss Herncastle,'' this gentleman began, with perfect abruptness ; ''I know that she is here.'' ''Who are you, sir ? '' old Hannah demanded, with equal sternness ; '' and by what right do you come at such a time of morning as this, rousing decent folks out of their beds ?'' ''My name is O'Donnell. I am Miss Herncastle's friend, and I have come to do her a service while there is yet time. Before two hours it may be too late. Give her this, I entreat yon, and tell her I must see her.'' ''He says it as though he were a king,'' thought old Hannah. '' He looks grand enough and noble enough for any king. O'Donnell? Why he's the Irish officer who found her out— that she's most afraid of.'' She stood irresolute, holding the card he had given her, and looking angrily and doubtfully from him to it. ''I don't know what you want here — what you mean by coming here. You're no friend of Miss Herncastle— I know that. You're, the man that followed her— that has been her enemy and pursuer from the first. How dare you call yourself her friend?'' ''I tell you,'' O'Donnell exclaimed, impatiently, ''I am her friend; I want to serve her if she will let me. She has rendered herself amenable to the law ; she is an object of suspicion ; the officers are on her track. If you, are her friend you will give her that card at once.'' ''Yes, Hannah, give it to me. I'm not afraid of Captain O'Donnell. Let me see what he has to say.'' It was Katherine herself — in slippers and dressing gown—her brown hair undone, rippling in the old girlish way over her shoulders. In that white neglige, with hair unbound and its natural colour, she looked, with therose-flush of the August sun rise upon her, younger, fairer, fresher, than he had ever seen her before. She took no notice of him. She received the card from Hannah gravely — and gravely examined it. Beneath his name in pencil was written : ''I know you are here. I come as your friend. If you have any regard for yourself, you will see me at once.'' She looked up and held out her hand to him with a smile— a smile that had something of the old brightness, the old saucy defiance of Catherine Daugerfield. '' Good-morning, Captain O'Donnell. My friends are so few and so far between at present, that 'it would be a thousand pities to refuse an audience to one of them. But you, my friend! Isn't that rather a new role for the gallant Captain of Chasseurs ?'' She led the way into the bare-looking apartment, where last night Harriet Harman had made her con- fession, and pointed to a chair. There was a grace, triumph about her he had never seen before — the whole expression of her face was changed. Where was the sad, sombre face of Miss Herncastle now ? A sort of proud triumph lit all the face before him. He accepted the chair only to lean across its wooden back and look at her. She stood where the golden sunshine fell fullest upon her— her tall form looking taller and more classic than ever in her trailing white robe, a crimson cord for her girdle. Her brown hair was swept off forehead and temples, showing the scar on the left plainly, and adding to the nobility of her face. The black had been washed from the eyebrows— altogether she was changed almost out of knowledge. There was a smile on her lips, a light in her eyes, a glow on her cheeks that transfigured her. The hour of her victory had come ; she stood before him ''A daughter of the gods, divinely tall, And most divinely fair.'' Yes, fair in this moment, if never fair before. ''Will Captain O'Donnell— my friend--who has hunted me down from first to last— speak? What is it that has taken you out of your bed at this un- civilized hour, and brought you to Bracken Hollow, and me ?'' The ringing tone of her voice, the meaning sparkle of eye and smile, confounded him. ''It is so easy to be mistaken'' she went on, still smiling. 'I confess, among the few, the, very few I count as my friends, your name is the last I should ever dream of adding to the list. But, then, strongly marked characters have strongly original ways of proving their likes and dislikes. Hunting me down may be your way of proving your friendship. What is it Captain O'Donnell has come here at six in the morning to say?'' ''To say you are in danger— to say our game is up, to say all is known— that he police are on your track, that this very day, or tomorrow at furthest, they will be here To warn you for the last time." 'For the last time — to warn me of what?'' '' To fly I repeat, all s known — all.'' ''What does all comprise? May I ask your to explain ?'' ''It means that a detective has been on your track from the hour you quitted Scarswood, that by day and night you have been watched, that you are known as the Gaston Dantree who, by fair means or foul, has won an enormous sum from Sir Peter Dangerfield at cards— that the real Gaston Dantree is shut up here at Bracken Hollow — an idiot, and has been for years. Ah, you feel that. I repeat— all is known— all.'' The smile faded from her lips, the old hard ex- pression looked at him out; of her grey eyes. ' A detective on my track ? I did not dream of' that, indeed. And to whom am I indebted for that delicate attention ? To my friend, Captain O'Donnell, of course.'' '' No, Miss Herncastle, not in this instance. To the Right Honourable the Earl of Ruysland.'' A shadow came over her face, a grey, sombre shadow. She sat down suddenly with an altered expression. ''The Earl of Ruysland,'' she repeated.''What have I ever done to him ? Ah, I understand— the law calls upon every honest man to hunt down a rogue. And the Earl of Ruysland has set a detective on my track. Is this all his noble lordship has discovered, or is there something else ?'' ''That is all he has absolutely discovered, but there is something else. He strongly suspects the death and burial of Katherine Dangerfield to be bogus, and Miss Herncastle and Katherine Danger field to be one and the same.'' ' 'Was it acting on this suspicion that you went up to London and nearly frightened poor Mrs. Otis to death:?'' ''I was acting on no suspicion— I rarely act on that. I was acting on certainty. I knew the grave in Castleford church-yard to be a fraud — the tomb stone lying even more than tombstones usually lie. I knew that grave held an empty coffin.'' 'May I ask how ?'' ''In the simplest manner possible. I employed a resurrectionist, and opened the grave. We raised the coffin, opened that, and found, as I told you — nothing.'' ''you did this?'' '' I did this.'' 'She sat and looked at him — wonder, not unmixed with a species of amusement and admiration, in her face. ''And yet you call yourself my friend. Captain O'Donnell, you're an extraordinary man.'' ''No ; I don't see it,'' he answered, coolly. '' It wasn't anything very extraordinary. From the hour I discovered your identity with the New York actress my suspicions were aroused. You had never given up the stage and buried yourself alive at Scarswood in the capacity of governess without some powerful latent motive. That motive, I con- ess, I felt curious to discover. Then you made love to Sir Arthur Tregenna — I beg your pardon — per- mitted him to fall in love with you.'' Katherine smiled once more. ''As Sir Arthur had long before been signed, sealed, and delivered over to Lady Cecil Clive, and as he seemed powerless to help himself, I felt called upon to help him. He is my friend, you know, so also is his affianced wife. Then you played ghost — oh, yes, you did ; Lord Ruysland saw you — and frightened Sir Peter to the verge of insanity. Altogether you were too dangerous a sort of person to be allowed to go on without a short pull-up from some one. Destiny, I suppose, set me on your track — I didn't care about hunting you down, as you call it, and I gave you fair warning. You scorned all I could say ; so, as a last resource, I went to London to induce Mr. Otis to cast his influence into the scale. You have proved more desperate and dangerous than I supposed. Sir Peter is as nearly mad as it is possible to be, out of a straight-jacket, over his losses. For the last time I come to warn you — you are accused of cheating at cards, of placing a pistol at Sir Peter's head, and threatening his life.'' (To be continued.) 