THE DISAPPEABANCE DP IB. DERWENT. '? _; ? : — ♦ BY THOMAS COBB, ;4.nthor of 'The House by the Com mon,' 'Wedderburn's Will,' 'The Westlakes,' &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER Vm.— (Continued.) 'I dared hot hope for this,' Owen said, as their hands met. 'It is all tliat was needed to make the morning perfect' Be was not usually so exuberant; elie drew farthef away as he released ber band, adding quickly — ??I mean that no artist -would at «mDt to oaint the forest without a fi-nire in the foreground. I sighted you a long way off, and hastened in pursuit.' L . 'It is the first time I have been so far from home,' she answered, as they talked, towards the village. 'Once liere, I felt I could wander on for ever.' ? ?? -Or until luncheon time.' '?It is so utterly miserable at home now.' she continued. 'Mi'. Fairford, doesn't it seem awful for a man to^ vanish off the face of the earth in that': nay! It is the suspense which is so maddening.' ??Is it worse than an actual certain - tj-v ?'Sometimes I almost thinik it is,' she replied. 'Though I miss my mother more and more with each f resh day, yet there is a sense' of peace and, rest fulness when I tiiink of her.' ?:' 'Yes,' he said, quietly, 'death is not the worst misfortune. There is al Tse who remain bear all the pain. With those who are gone it is well. A thousand times worse to see those you love living in misery— to feel that there is not the slightest hope for them.' She stole a quick glance at his face. His eyes were bent upon the ground, fcis broad shoulders bent slightly for ward, as he flicked the ling with his cane. Was any -one beloved by Mm living in such misery, she wondered! ?Have you thought any more about the future?' he asked presently. They were nearing the road now. ??More of the past One is nearly as perplexing as the other.' -1 hope,' he added, 'that you will not think o-f leaving The Rookery.' 'Dr. .Viret is trying to induce me to leave it'- 'Dr. Viret trying to induce you to leave home!' 'He. wishes me to leave my present home and find a new one at The Lau rels.'' she explained. 'And your answer,' Miss Derwent. 'I temporised. Yet the offer pre sents temptations. Dr. Viret even said 1 might bring my awn servants, but the only one 1 should wish to take can never leave the house , again until her funeral. Ann has heart disease; it seems to be increasing daily. What a house o-f mourning ours has become! For years it was the happiest in the ?world, now we are making amends. There is nothing but misery in the world!' ?1 wouldn't let myself think that,' said Owen; 'it is so terribly easy, and so fatal. While the darkness lasts one forgets that the sura ever shone.' -Will it ever shine again, Mr. Fair fordV' 'Oh, I hope so,' he answered. 'You must believe there's a balance of good iu the . world. It is a necessity of existence*' -. — ? ? --???? ? - 'But is it true?' she asked. ' : ' 'We can only trust that somehow good will be the final goal- of ill,' ' he answered. 'So,' he added, presently, 'you think of accepting Viret's offer?' 'What would you advise, Mr. Fair ford V' '1 am afraid I am not disinterested —I stand to lose a friend,' he an swered. '?If I go to The Laurels, it will not be as a prisoner. My friends can surely find theSr way. But I forget, you are a misanthrope.' 'Because circumstances compel me to isolate myself!' he cried. 'I as sure you I am far from being a hater of my kind. Once I lived a wider life, had definite aims and ambi tions^ — ' 'Have you no ambition now?' she asked. 'Scarcely. It - is too impossible. Yet the old Adam crops out now and then.' 'Is it a close secret?' 'I am afraid so, Miss Derwent' 'And you intend to carry your am bition to the grave?' 'On the off chance of its blossoming in the dust! But it is far too ghastly to joke Vabout,' he added, as they reached .the village. CHAPTER IX. Wealth, the political economists tell us, is the result of labor, abstinence, and risk. Joe Bodger was fulfilling each condition. His labor might al most as well be hard labor; for ab * Etiuence, save a few stolen visits to the village inn, he might have been a member of the Blue Ribbon Army; and as to risk, were not Mrs. Caw tlrey's watchful- eyes' ever upon him! 'Wtoat with one blessed thing and another,' he said with a yawn, 'a joker wouldn't be no worse off on the mill.' This at half-past 1 o'clock on Satur day morning, as he stood upon a chair, peering through the hayloft jwindow into the front garden. A quarter of an hour later Ms attention became more fixed- He distinctly heard the front door open, and flattening his nose against the pain, risking his neck by standing Upon tiptoes, watched un til he saw the same stiff, clumsy figure, veiled as closely, her large wihite hands bare, walking back and forth in front of the naJJ door. Having formed a theory, he burned to test it If she did not quit the garden, he could' mot effect bis pur pose; ana, judging £ram past expe rience, it might be some time before he found another opportunity. Pre sently, ceasing her waffik p- and fro, she went to the gate, ,and stood there as if hesitating whether or not to pass through it. . . 'That's all rigjit!' Joe exclaimed. Making up 'her mind tut last, she set forth in the direction of the church yard; and, descending: from his perch, Joe struck a matefi, took a few tools from his tin; box, went -downstairs, and stopped outside the drawing-room window. ?'.-'? To push back1 its fastener was fne 'work of a few seconds, and once with in the room, he crept noiselessly to wards the door. Easy to force this if 1t were locked, but Hot without leaving traces, and this 'lie felt extremely de sirous not to do. EBsjbeeth -chattered as his eoM fingers grasped the handle. The door opened, * and ?with 'cat-like tread Joe stole upstairs. Finding the Way barred, he retraced his steps, and this time approached the door of Owen's bedroom. Beads of sweat stood upon his fore head, and his knees, knocked together, as he stood listening. TTis next step was full of risk. He felt certain that he should find it empty; but, after all, Joe was but human, his theory' might be a mistaken one, and if Owen were there, his whole game would be inevi tably spoiled. Gripping the handle' with his left hand, Ms right hand upon the ' jemmy ' ia. his pocket— a handy weapon as well as an invaluaible tool— Joe cautiously turned it, and going down upon all fours, crawled towards the bed, with his heart in his mouth. At its side he stopped, straining his ears to listen. His hand trembled as he struck a match, shading it so that the light fell upon the bed. It was unoccupied; the clothes had not been disturbed. Upon it lay the black coat in which Owen had dined. Once safely in his own room again, he took off his collar, lighted his pipe, and saL down upon the edge of the bed to reflect What did it all mean? Owen's room empty; the woman prowling about the village! If nobody occupied tine upper floor, why all this mystery concerning it? Quite conceivably Mrs. Oawdrey might convey food and other necessar ies upstairs; yet Joe had been on the alert Sarah also had been observant, from different motives; and neither had ever- seen her pass through the aoor. Joe was no nearer the solution of the mystery' than ever, but of one thing he felt no doubt: there was money in it; there must be money in it— a lot of money. But before he could put the screw on he must see his way a little more clearly. And he determined to stay, and dig in the garden, and clean the boots, and keep his ferret eyes open. The following Monday Florence was alone in the drawing-room when Owen entered, and, after a few casual re marks, inquired about Ann. 'She is much worse,' was the an wer. 'She can hardly be left night or day now. . Dr. Viret is very anxious.' 'I am sorry,' he said. 'I felt afraid J- *3LUVLU.u JJ.1TL. J_lTr*XJ. ?3JJLT7 WOd UCLLCi. J_*J U. see, it served as an excuse for call ing.' 'Surely none was necessary, Mr. Fairford!' 'A sop to one's ? conscience. It sounds wretchedly weak; yet, never-' theless, it is a- fact. I have no business to come.' 'Yet you are here?' 'One's very being cries out for a little indulgence sometimes. Of course, it has to be paid for; stUL one takes the risk.' She bade him goad-bye, perhaps less cordially for this last speech. He ought not to speak like that Not that she felt actually annoyed, only it rendered intercourse more difficult. And wiiy had he no business to come to see her? And this being so, then wtiiy did he come? Well, it was not difficult to guess, but she wished the words unuttered. Tltat evening Ann appeared so much worse that Florence wished to sum mon Dr. Viret But the sick woman implored her to refrain. 'Doctoring isn't any use to me', any more than it was to the dear mis tress,' she' said. 'I'm past all that, Miss Floy; and, thank God, there's ,no one ihere to take you away, as they took me from her. It isn't the dying I fear, 'she added presently; 'I'm not afraid to die; only it's the pain drives me mad, it does.' - Florence yielded so far as not to send for Dr. Viret, but towards one o'clock Ann became very restless, and she determined to delay no longer, be lieving at the moment that the last hour had come. Now Lizzie, the red-haired house maid, was born in Rookfield, and had. never been further than ten miles from its church. In fact, Mr. Mog ford, senior, had occupied the respon-' sible post of gravedigger for a great number of years. But no amount -}x-£ familiarity with the village could re concile her to the expedition to The Laurels .at half -past. 1 o'clock in the morning which Florence now pro posed. ? ? . However, she could not disobey Miss Derwent, and, leaving a candle burn-; ing on one of the two carved oak chairs in -the hall, she opened the door and set forth. A quarter of am hour later there was a loud peal at the bell, and, after rousing the cook, a woman of timid temperament, Florence, lest it should be repeated and disturb' A.1H1, who now showed a tendency to sleep, 'went to open the door herself, followed af '«T1. £L 1*5 V* £*t?4JU*llUS5 UJ' Hit? «JWJi. CU UWr itabille. To her surprise, she saw Lizzie on the step. Rushing frantic ally into the hall, the girl sank dcwn into the unoccupied chair, covered her face with her hands, and began to weep hysterically. 'You have not been to Dr. Virefs already?' exclaimed Florence. 'What is the matter?' 'I couldn't go out again to save my own life, let alone Aain's!' £he girl re plied, between her sobs. 'Oh, Lord! I nearly ran atop' of her!' 'Ran on the top of whom?' ( 'I don't know, Miss Floy. A great, big, tall woman, walking like a ghost or in her sleep.'' Lizzie shivered from head to foot 'She had great white hands — O Lord! — and the face was hia by a veil; and when I shriek ed, just give me a look, and walked on, taking no more notice ? ' 'For goodness' sake,' cried the cook from the staircase, 'do lock the door!' 'Not yet,' answered Florence, try ing hard to speak . steadily. 'Ifkr-if Ann is not better, I must go myself.' But it was a great relief to find Ann asleep on reaching her room, and- to be able to reconcile herself to letting Dr. Viret remain. tindSstdrbed Mil the morning. CHAPTER X. 'Why ever didn't you send for me before?' was Dr. Virefs first question on leaving. Ann's room at il 'O'clock Tuesday morning. 'I did send,' Florencje answered, as she entered the study, 'but ? '. 'Nobody camel' 'I sent Lizzie; but wiiexL she ' got as far as the cbyiiih, she saw somebody —took fright, and rain back again.'- . 'Nonsense, nonsense, Floreniee!' 'Well, she insists that she nearly ran against a tall woman in block, and,- t-f- course, she .must have eeen. somebody.' TS ? .- ~ '* ' **-' ?'. - !j 'Wthom could «he- see?' he demand ed. 'Who would be likely to walk atKKit the tillage;' ait that tamer:Ot;' night? All nonsense.'. 'A somnambulist, perhaps.' -,;,.??' i 'Do you know, one? Now, about youaself. You aire gettSng worn ont I don't ^ifwaiut. to^. bother yonj lit'. X speak as your medical man, though you haven't asked' for 'advice. You must just pack up and come to The Laurels.' r , r 'Don't think., me .?nngica.tefuS,' ~ she said. . ' ' .',':.??'? ? ?'. ''?'.' 'It isn't a, question of gratitude. I've* told the housekeeper to get your room ready.' , 'But I can't possibly leave Ann, Dr, Viret' 'H'ml' he ejaculated. 'I forgot Amn. I 'suppose' you can't 'leave her very welL Still, Ann's days are num bered, I'm afraid; -and, in any case, you can't stay here for ever.' 'Mr. Edwards said I could stay un til Arnold's return,' she replied. 'Tour cousin can't arrive for another month at least Not then, if there's amy delay, in receiving Edwafrds's let ter.' As he was speaking the door opened. 'Mr. Derwent — — '- Lizzie began, when, in a state of intense excite ment, Florence rushed towards the halL 'Father! fatherr she exclaimed, when Dr. Viret laid his hand upon her arm as she reached the threshold. 'My dear child! It must be your cousin. Can't you speak woman?' he added, turning fiercely upon the ser vant. 'Mr. Arnold Derwent, doctor.' 'Then why couldn't you say so?' Without waiting for Lizzie's answer, Florence ran into the hall, and almost into the arms of a short, broadshoul dered, fair young man, who, coming eagerly towards her, a pleasant smile upon his frank-looking face, seized both hands, and kissed her. His face was deeply tanned, almost to match his light moustache. . When Florence bade him good-bye some months ago, he had worn a beard, and at first the difference made by its ab sence struck her forcibly. His tweed suit showed signs of wear and tear, whilst his pale blue eyes rested upon Florence in evident satisfaction. For through good report and evil report Arnold had never ceased to love his cousin — in a manner. If he was not a prey to any deep heartburning dur ing absence, he felt exceedingly glad to see Florence agjiin. His affection did not rob him of flesh or color, nor prevent him from enjoying life. He possessed a big heart, and she might reign in it without ruiing alone. But he felt remarkably glad to look upon her sweet face once more; and she felt glad r to see Arnold, albeit ^he wished that be had not reverted to the mode of greeting of earlier years. 'I can't tell you how pleased I am,' she cried, shaking his hands heartily. 'I have longed for your return, al though I hardly dared hope for it yet awhile.' 'You don't know how I longed to get back, Floy,' he answered, quite as en tnusiasncauy. 'JKvery day since 1 said good-bye I have looked forward to this. How are you, Floy? All right? As for me; I never felt bet ter/' , Releasing her hands, he turned to wards Dr. Viret, and remembering that she had made the doctor's' ac quaintance only after Arnold's depar ture, she introduced the two men, and led the way to the study. Naturally cooler than either of the others, Dr. Viret at once grasped the fact that Arnold must have left the Cape before the delivery of Mr! Ed wards's letter informing him of Mr. Dersvent's disappearance, of which, therefore, he was probably ignorant. Desirous as ever to spare Florence's feelings, he laid a hand on Arnold's, .ariu as she entered the room, and, lowering his voice almost to a whis per, said: 'You have only just reached Eng land, Mr. Derwent? It seems odd to call you that' 'I got to Southampton Saturday night,' was the answer. 'I arrived on the Kacmor — capital ship.' 'Then,' said Dr. Viret, still speaking in a whisper, and stopping a few feet from the threshold, i'you cannot have heard of your cousin's trouble — of your uncle's disappearance.' Arnold entered the study as he re plied, making no attempt to keep his words from Florence, who stood won dering why the two men hung behind. 'Oh, I have heard all about it,' he said, quite cheerfully. 'It was. the first thing I saw at the hotel at South ampton — the advertisement of the re ward, I mean. A regular knock-down blow for a chap.' He looked as if he had picked himself up again very suc cessfully. 'Yes; directly I took up a newspaper, there was the advertise ment staring me in the face; and all Saturday night I couldn't sleep for thinking of it Yesterday morning I took an early train to London; but old Edwards kept me hanging about all the morning, and I thought I would not show up here till to-day.' Conscious of the lightness of her cousin's tone, feeling that he failed to realise the full extent of the disaster, r lurence uwsuiie possessea Dy a desire to bring the tragedy home more forc ibly to his mind. 'Oh, Arnold,' she exclaimed, ' 'it was dreadful to lose him in that way — without a single word of warning. Here at 11 o'clock on Tuesday night— the next morning vanished off the face of the earth, leaving no trace, no sign, nothing to afford us the slightest due.' 'Of course, it was enough to turn your brain, Floy,' he answered, twirl ing his light browm moustache. 'An awful shock for you — enough to knock you up altogether. Upon my word, I'm awfully sorry for you.' Something in his manner fell short of satisfying her. She wanted to see him properly impressed. 'You are sorry for him too, Arnold? Think of all his goodness to you — to me, to everybody. Imagine that, and then try to imagine his fate. Oh, it is terrible!' : 'So it is,' he replied, 'terrible. I feel it awfully myself.. Not s9'much as you do, of course. Differences will occur in the best regulated families, you know,' he added, looking from Florence's tearful face towards Dr. Viret 'I wouldn't see it at the tame. Uncle Roderick used to preach to me, ?and I tell you, it just made me, tired; but he's dead now, and I don't mind admitting it I was the one to blame, and if he was here, I'd tell him so.' 'Unfortunately, he isn't here,' i)r. Viret snapped out 'I suppose you intend; to stay a little while, Mr. Der 'You bet You see, doctor, I've got a pretty- stiff job before me. Before I have done, there's this little mystery to be, cleared up.' , 'I knew you would never rest whilst father's fate remained in doubt,' cried Florence, glad to be able to ap prove of something Arnold said. '1 'knew that But you will find It very difficult Sometimes I think we shall never be any wiser. The police' have jtried and given it up. A large .re ...jFarsd has been -'offered, all without avail; and Inspector Holt believes that father is still alive.'' 'Oh,' Arnold answered, as he thrust bis hands in his trousers pockets, and took a few paces' towards the window, ^heV dead, right enough, if there's ?&ny; thing certain ia this world, it is -that Uncle Roderick' is dead; As for Inspector Holt— I know those Johnnies! You leave it to me;' -'?- ??????*_'?-???/? ?. (To be continued.) ^ -?; --. 