nOW THE MELBOURNE CUP WAS WON, ZULV—IHHI. Ik tho beams of a beautiful day. Made soft by a breeze from the sea, Tho horses wore started away, The fleet-footed thirty and three; Where beauty, with shining attire, hncd more than a noon cn the land. Like spirits of thunder and fire They flashed by the fence and the stand. And the mouths of pale thousand were hushed When Somnus. a marvel of strength, Past Bowes like asuddeo wind rushed, And led the bay colt by a length : But a chestnut came galloping through, And down where the river-tide steals, O'Brien, on brave Waterloo, Dashed up to the big horse's heels. But Cracknell still kept to the iore, And fin bj the water bend wheeled. When a cry came from tbo stand, and a roar, Run over green furloogs of field ; Far out by the back of the coure A demon of muscle and pluck— Flushed onward the favourite horse, With his hoofs JUralng clear of the ruck. But tho wonderful Queenslander came, And the thundering leaders were three ; And a ring, and a roll of acclaim, Went out, like a surge of the sea ; "An Epigram 1 Epigram wins 1" — " The colt of the Derby " — " The bay 1" But back wbero the crescent begins The favorite melted away. And the marvel that came from the North, With another, was heavily thrown ; And here at the turning flashed forth To the front a surprising unknown ; By shed and by paddock and gate The strange, the magnificent black, Led Darebln a length In " the straight," With thirty and one at bis back. But the Derby colt tired at the rails, And Ivory's marvellous bay Passed Burton, O'Brien, and Hales, As fleet as a flash of theday. But Gough on the African star Came clear in the front of his " field," Hard followed by 3torri«m'x Czar, And tho blood unaccustomed to yield. Yes, first from the turn to the end, With a boy on him palerthan ghost, Tho horse that had hardly a friend Shot flashing like fire by the post. When Graham was riding " 'twas late For his friends to applaud on the stands, Tbo black, through tbo bend and the " straight," Had tho raco of the year in hia hands. In a clamour of calls and acclaim, Ho landed tbo money— the borao With tho beautiful African name. That rang to the back of tho course. Hurrah for the Hercules race, And the terror that came from his stall, With the bright, the Intelligent face, To show the road home to thorn fill. Hz# HV KtUVXlV. 