[PUBLXHHzD DAILY.] JUS TAXATION-RoNOMICAL GOVERNMNT rFa or JuEZDOM O0 TRADX. FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1895. THE statement delivered by the Minister of Lands last evening in the Assembly is not likely to evoke the amount of interest that formerly attached to his annual budget. There is no long list of works whereby Ministers were in the habit of reward ing their pliant supporters, and Mr Pillinger confines himself mainly to a review of past work and future pros pects. A small scheme of public works is proposed, the cost of which is to be met out of unexpended balances, but the total is only £45,OUO, a mere fleabite as compared with the time when it ran into millions. However, it is a "rest and-be-thankful period," and until the deficit is wiped away it is to be hoped moderation will be maintained. Mr Pillinger deals at the outset with the unemployed, to provide for whose needs £21,066 har been spent. If, as he states, the works undertaken have been of an urgent nature small fault will be found, but it must not be forgotten that one item of £17,000 proposed by Ministers for reclamation works in Hobart did not come under this category. Parliament, however, intervened, and the amount was never voted. Mr Pillinger is satisfied with the work done, and speaks in commen datory terms of the men employed. The difficulty was to find employment for those who were not able to do hard work, and whatever sum was spent in this direction the colony will not grudge, the pity being that it could be but of a temporary nature at the best. The outlook is considered to be brighter, and the absence of any unemployed agitation is evidence that those who were looking for work are gradually settling down. The revenue from Crown lands, considering the extension of the term of payment, has been satis factory, amounting to £34,885, and 21,073 acres of land have been sold for £85,743, or an. average of £1 13s 9d per acre, an increase in both acreage and average as compared with thie previgni year. The amount due by selectors on June 30 was £42,500.:In referiing to mining 1Mr Pillinger tells us., little new. The industry is looking up, and in all directions encouraging reports of development are to hand. The Mount Lyell Company, we are told, has now 650 men at work with a weekly pay sheet of £1625, and when the construc tive works are finished expects to be able to find permanent employment for 250 men at a weekly cost in wages of £625. At Lefroy there are 40 mines employing 534 miners, and the total number of miners is 4000, or double the number employed last year. This is a better way of utilising surplus labour than starting relief works near the cities, for these men are now helping to produce, whilst they form the best possible market for the agriculturist. The im pr6vement in the Railway Department is encouraging. The balance over work ing expenses in 1894 was £21,687 as against £15,615 in 1893, and for the first six months of 1895 it is £21,782, or £8734 more than the first six months of the previous year. The Exhibition helped to bring this about, but the department expects to be able to show a profit over working expenses at the end of the year of £30,000. If MrBack can thus double his profit in two years he is doing goodwork. This result has been attained by reduc ing train mileage and working expenses, and the earnings also show a slight increase. In speaking of the salary paid to the General Manager of Rail ways, Mr Pillinger states that he has had correspondence before him in which Mr Back has been asked to join a powerful English company at a higher salary to commence with than he is receiving here, but he has decided to remain in the colony. The new agree ment made with the Dundas andZeehan Railway Company seems to be working satisfactorily, for its indebtedness to the State has been reduced, and it is under stood that the company are prepared to make a further payment, which will leave £1074 due instead of £2842. The expenditure on public work for the past year has been £110,016, of which £78,605 has been provided by loans, £10,620 paid out of the Crown lands funid, and £20,790 from the general revenue. The Minister of Liands is paradoxical in dealing with the question of road subsidies, for whereas in one paragraph he says that some road trusts are taking over the maintenance of main roads for the re duced vote available, in the next he tells us that applications have been made for increased subsidies. It is, however, satisfactory to find that he is not dis posed to comply with the request for an increase. The " bill of temptations," or in other words the public works schedule, is but a ghost of its former self, and totals £45,662, of.which £25,000 is for sixteen miles of tramway on a 2ft gauge from Zeehan to North-East Dundas. This, it is expected, will prove more satisfac tory than making a road, and will- assist materially in develop ing the resources of the colony. The balance is divided into roads £13,829, bridges £233, jetties £752, buildings £2275-of which £1800 is for additional accommodation at New Town for the boys from the Cascades Training School and £350 for more alterations and additions to public buildings at the capital-tracks £2500, streets £62S-around ]Efobart-afnd miscellaneous £442. It is noticeable that in some of the works on the N.W. Coast and N. E, Coast the votes are conditional on a certain sum being raised locally, and it would be interesting to know why these localities .were thus singled out for treatment of this sort, and if the prin ciple could not be further applied. Individual responsibility is a wonderful check on extravagance, and the fact that people are willing to help them selves is the best possible recommenda tion for State assistance. We would like to see it more widely adopted. On the whole the Minister of Lands's statement is in accordance with the times, and more in keeping with a small colony like Tasmania than some that he has delivered. Tar vic'ory of the freetraders at the New South Wales elections has been full and complete. The Premier goes back with 84 supporters out o! a Houes of 125 members, or over a two to one majority. Of these 28 membars belong to the Labour party, the majority of whom are free traders, whilst the remainder are bound to the Premier over the recrmn of the Upper House. The opponents of the Govern ment have suffered severely, especially in their leaders. Sir Henry Parked has paid the penalty of his hasksliding, and dis credited alike by free.traders and p-o teotioisnts has been relegated to private r ag e. Sir George Dibbs has also been defected;- his histric division whLen he stood alone on the constitutional question lo.btless b heluing to bripg about the event. Mr Wise has also been seat to the right-abrut for, his deeertijn cf the party which had a legitimate claim on his services; in fact, most of the trimmers and rail-riders have been rejected. Mr Cope. land, another 1 ading member o° the House, has keen defatecd, and many whose names have been household words in connection with New South Wales politics have been accorded a season for repentance. It is but natural that the Premier should feel elated at the manner in which the country has resiponded to his appeal. It is an unmis takable intimat'on to the nominee Upper Chamber that it is out of touch with the people, and that the sc:rnful manner in which it trea'ed the Ministerial fiscal policy is deeply rresented. There is, how ever, danger in such a victory as that achieved by Mr Reid, unless he has wisdom to use it temperately, and it will be well for him to remember in his hour of triumph that the fickleness of the multi tude is proverbial. He has the opportunity now to make a name for himself in Aus tralasian politics, and he can easily mar one of the finest chances offered to a colonial statesman. It may be expected that the fiscal policy will be sent back to the Council, ard if the members of that Chamber are wise in their generation they will endorse it. As regards Mr Raid's proposals for constitutional reform they are crude and ill-digested, and one victory such as he has gamned will not compel the Council to consent to self-effacement. Here, then, is room for a display of states. manahip, for turning a nominee Chamber into an elective House, and for proceeding on lI'nes which have already teon proved advantageous in other p'aces. So far as the constitutional battle is concerned Mr Reid is not yet in rossession of the oitworks, and his beat way to win the citadel is by acting with moderation. As the prosperity of the colony depends Sin a great mecsure on the use made of the land, that portion of the M nister of Lands's =statement dealing with this subject willbe interesting. For the first time there is attached to the statement a tabulated rayort showing the result of inspections made by Crown lands bailiffs. It states *that out of a total of 4258 lots, comprising 310,239 acres, inspected, 1091 lots or 86,276 acre are unimproved. In other words a qvact.r of the land inspecated is still in a state of nature. It would be interesting to know the reason of this, and what steps have been taken to compel -Crown tenanes to comply with the con Sditions of their lease. We have often urged that the reports of these officials, or rather the tenor of them, should be made public, and have at length been rewarded by a bare set of tabkcs. This, however, is not enough. We r adin MrPillinger's statement of the forfeiture of sections, and that he is going to ask Parliament to reinstate the -holdera. Presumably these forfeitures have taken place on account of rent being in arrears,for it idhardly to be supposed that the Minister would put lack on the land men who w:l! not improve it. If then sections are forfeitedl for breach of contract by non-payment of rent they should also be forfeited for non.compliance with the mprovement regulations. To get the land cultivated is as.important to the we'fare of -the- colony as to get the rent paid promptly, and if selectors will not improve their areas, but hoed them for speculative purposes, tee socner they,ere dispossessed the better. Mr Pillinger speaks of acsome who, finding the erpectod rise in values did not take p'a:e, have relinquished their selections, and where it is taken up solely to sell again the more set free in this way the botter. When we hear of men who have spent £150 and £200 on their land losing it because they are in arrears, and can nelther go on nor relinquiEh por tion lof it and retain what they can manage, we have little sympathy with those who d splay the dog-in-the manger spirit. So far the Miniat:r is ret:cant about feorfeitures for non-improve ment, and it woud Fe advantageous if some member would endeavour to extract more in ormati.n o the subjoct. Land Epecula'ion should be discouraged in every possible way, ac to it we owe the fact that many good areas, to which roads have been made, are in a state of nature, whilst the bona fihoe celector is pushed further and further back and the State put to continual expenle in opening up new country. 