THE VOICE OF THE DRUM'. The poet Heine declared that he had a talent for drumming in every limh and in his feet to a remarkable degree. It was early cultivated by a valiant. French drummer, long quartered in the quaint town of Dusseldorf, who had been with the Emperor Napoleon in most of his campaigns. He had, as Heine declares, the face of a fiend aud a heaxt like an angel's j a small, mobile faoe, ^ t fearful blaokmouBUiolie. uuder which luti red lips cursed;proudly, while his eyes shot hery glances on every eidc. * Little fellow as I y was (Heme, say3), I was for ever chained to" hw side, helpiuit mm polish his buttons and chalk his white waistcoat—for M. lie Grand was not indifferent to pleasing the eye. I. followed him to guard, roll-call, and parade; there was nothing but rattling of arms aud fun. • M. Le Grand spoke only a little broken German, but he could express himself perfectly on the drum. For example, when I did not know what the word liberte meant he beat the ' Marseillaiee,' and I understood. In the same way he taught mo the story of the late events. It is true I could not follow the words ; but as he drummed away all the time I knew what he meant to say. You comprehend the story of the storming of the Bastille, the taking of the Tuileries, if you know how the drums beat while it happened. Years afterwards, while sitting beneath a tree and dreaming of the past, I heard behind me the confused sound of voices, bewailing the fate of the poor Frenchmen who had been taken prisoners in the Russian War and sent to Siberia, and there detains! for several years after peace was declared. Raising my eyes, I beheld these unfortunates of France on their way home. Bare want stared through every rent in their tattered uniforms: deep, plaintive eyes looked from their wasted faoes; but, sore, tired, and mostly lame as they all of them were, they had a sort of martial stride, and, strangely enough, a drnmmer with his drum staggered at the head. With an inward shudder I thought of the tales of soldiers who, fallen in battle by day, rise from the field at night, and, with the drum at their head, march onward to their native land. And truly the poor French drummer looked as if he had risen from the grave. He was a mere shadow in a dirty, ragged capo, a dead, yellow, face, with a great moustache hanging sadly over tbe shrivelled lips. His eyes were like burntout coals, with hardly a spark still living —yet by one of these sparks I recognised M. Le Grand,[the old drummer I had known as a boy. He know me, too, and drew me down upon the grass; and there we sat as we used to do in the old times when he taught me French and modem history on the drum. It was the sanie old drum, and I could not but wonder how be had Baved it from the greed of the Russians. Ho began to drum in his old way, without speaking a word. But though his lips were pressed sadly together, his eyes spoke all the .more plainly, as they sparkled with triumph, while he drummed the old marohes. The poplars near by trembled as he rattled out ' March of the Red Guillotine.' As of old, he drummed the struggle for liberty, the battles, the deeds of the emperor; and it seemed as if the drum were a living creature, rejoicing to utter its inward delight. Once more I heard the canon's roar, the whistle of the bullets, the cra»h of battle ; I saw the Guards brave in death, I saw the waving flags, I saw the emperor on his horse. But a sad tone crept into the joyous notes, the drum-beats gave forth cries wherin the wildest triumph and the deepest woe were strangely mingled. It was a triumphal march and a dead march in one. Le Grand's eyes stared like a ghost's, and I saw in them a great white field of snow strewn with corpses. It was the Battle of Moscow. I would never have believed that the stiff old drum could give such melancholy cries as M. Le Grand now drew from it. It was like drumming tears, and now they sounded lower and lower, and sighs came from Le Grand's bosom like sad echoes. He grew weaker and more ghost-like; his hands shook with cold; he sat as iu a dream, drumming in the aiT and listeuing to the far-off voices. And then at last he turned on me a deep, deep, imploring look. I understood him. And then his head fell forward upon his drum. M. Le Grand never drummed again in this world, nor did his drum ever give out another sound. Never fchould. it serve an enemy of liberty to beat a slavish tattoo. I had understood Le Grand's last imploring look ; I drew my dagger and thrust it through the head of the drum. 