REVISION OF THE CONSTITU TION AND CANONS OF THE PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL. CHURCH IN THE UNITED SLATES- " Declaration. In the name ofNtjhe Father, and of the Son, and of ' the Holy. Ghost. — Amen. The Churches' in the Dioceses within the United States ot America repre sented by the Bishops, Clergy, and Laity of the Protestant Episcopal Church in General Convention assem bled, makes the following declaration : This Church, as an integral portion of the one Holy Catholic and Apostolic and divinely set forth in Holy Writ; Church, holds the Faith maintained by the undivided Church, defined in the Creeds commonly called the Apostles' and Nicene Creeds receives the Canonical Scriptures of the- Old and New Testaments as the word of God, and as containing all things necessary to salvation ; ministers the- two Sacraments ordained by Christ Himself, with unfailing use of Christ's words of institution and'of the elements ordained1 by Him ; and . continues steadfast in the Apostolic Ministry of Bishops, Priests, and Deacons. And this Church, taking order tor the alte ration of the constitution adopted at Philadelphia in the year of Our Lord 1789 with the amendments thereto heretofore adopted, in the manner and form ' in said constitution .provided, hereby in amendment -and in . place thereof sets forth and establishes the following constitution. The present General- Convention becomes the General Synod composed of two houses as now— the House .of Bishops and the House of Deputies, Each House is to sit and deliberate and vote separately, but there is a special provision that a joint session of both Houses may be held for conference, and better mutual under standing ou any designated question so that no vote shall be taken during the joint sessions. The House of Bishops shall from their own number elect a Primus, who is to preside in the House of Bishops and discharge other duties prescribed b Canons. The Primus will correspond to the present presiding Bishop, who succeeds by seniority of consecration, and who is necessarily advanced in years when he succeeds to the primacy. This will now be altered, and the Primus will hold office for life, unless be resigns oris removed for cause under the Canons. The House of Deputies is to be com posed of three resident Presbyters and three resident Laymen from each Diocese — instead of four of each Order as at present. Each Missionary Juris diction (i.e., a district under a Mis- ' sionary Bishop not created into a Diocese) may send one clerical and one lay delegate to the House of Deputies, without power to vote. Ordinarily a vote of the majority of Deputies will decide a question, but where specially ordered by the Constitution or if re quired by any Diocesan Delegature the vote shall be by orders ; when each Diocese shall have one vote for its clerical and one for its lay representa tion, and a majority of Dioceses repre sented in each order shall be necessary to constitute a vote of the House. The General Synod is to be the su preme legislative authority in the Church and in addition to its ordinary stated Constitutional powers is to have exclusive authority to legislate upon the qualifications and conditions for orcaining Bishops, Priests, and Dea. cons. The formation, division and re arrangement of Dioceses and their re lation to each other ; the foreign re lations of the Church ; the general missionary, educational, and charitable work of the Church. Then the Gene ral Synod is to have power to enact Canons of Discipline and exclusive power to enact Canons defining the offences for which Bishops, Presbyters and Deacous may be tried and deter mining the penalties- -such penalties being either admonition, suspension deposition, or degradation. The court for the trial of a Bishop is to be c im posed of Bishops only- The procedure and mode of trial is to be prescribed by ordinances enacted by the House of Bishops alone. The trial of a Pres byter or Deacon, the mode of, trial, the procedure, and all details are to be prescribed by the Diocese, or 'by the Province acting with the consent of the Diocese. In all cases' on any question of Doctrine a final , appeal may be taken to the House of Bishops — but on such appeal no question of fact shall be reviewsd. All trials are to be public, except by consent of the accused. 