The champions of bicycllsm may well lie hopeful of a brilllunt career for their wheeling hobby. Dr Gressweli, who, ns Chairman of the Hoard of Health, ought to know something of the effects of exercise ami amusement upon the human body, says emphatic ally that no method of progression con he more healthy. More, he considers' that the Premier has acted wisely in taking to It A spin round the euvirons of Melbourne, will, when tho honor able gentleman has once secured Ids seat in the saddle, do lilin a deal of good bodily, and help ldni to sweep away the cobwebs from his budget- wcaried brain. Fortified by such nn opinion, ho will doubtless bravely per severe In his tusk, uud set an examplo to others. He may have a fall or two at the outset, but Providence bus been gracious to hliu In the way of out lines, uud 'eau temper the wind to an unwillingly descending bicyclist asx well ns to a shorn iamb. There Is, in deed, no rcunon why thcro should not bo an Elderly Bicyclist's 0!nh,wUh tho Premier as president. Judges, barris ters, solemn and grave financiers, have already started, and their presence and co-operation would lend weight to such a movement In more ways than one. The objection chiefly raised against bi- cycllug is tbat riders, male and female, Will persist In stooplug, an attitude in elegant, not to say ridiculous, In Itself, and calculated to eventually produce curvature of the spine. Dr- Grcsswoll says there Is no necessity for this, and that it might easily be remedied by nil improved arrangement of the iiaudles. Professional bicyclists also say that except In racing there is real ly no more occasion for a rider to lie per|K2lually making a Doric arch of bis back, thun there Is for a Jockey to he In another columu wc publish a picture of a lady seated on a bicycle, intended, of course, as Illustrative of a costume, but showing Iacoutestabiy tbat the cyclist of iho gentler sox'enu sit as .uprightly and gracefully on. the "bike" as she can on it side saddle. As for tho men, they might take a hint from tho much debated cavulry scat. A long stirrup and a nearly .straight leg may llt'lu with tho hunting field, but so far as Bitting straight In his saddle Ih con cerned, the bicyclist might follow thu example of the dragoou with advan tage, both to his health nnd his uppcur- ii nee. Certainly, ho need not always he craning, as if he wanted to sco the grouud on tho other side of u fence. Those who have been expressing their sympathy verbally with the unuuj'piim ciuigy ui ine Augucuu Church In Victoria will have an oppor tunity of dolug so practically to morrow. There will be special sermons preached iu all the churches of the denomination meulloned, and collec tions will be taken up !u aid of a fund intcrnled specially to reduce thu hard ships complained of. Doubtless the fund Is not, as wc have frequently stated, bupplly uaiucd. There Is au Idea abroad that It fs Intended lo supplement the salary paid to tho Bishop of Mcli>ourne,or to be expended ill, soino way Iu connection with the bead-quarters of the diocese. Nothing could be more erroneous. From this fund are defrayed the often wretchedly Inadequate salaries paid to hush Clergymen nnd those laboring lu the poorer districts near the city. Men who, In tho words of Dr Torrance, draw what can scarcely be called a living wage. Indeed, they are almost entirely dependent upon It, and it Is only by tho help of the congregations generally that tho work can be con tinued. Discussion and debates do not always lead lo outbursts of practical charity, and sympathy Is often ex hausted In tulktng. But so much has now been said lu the Assembly of the hardships to which some of the clergy am subjected, that the response in this case should be of a diameter above the usual ilirecpenny-bll collection. U Is not over and above creditable to tho various denominations that. In most localities, the lowest silver coin in our currency should be selected as the representative medium of enthu siasm In the work of propagating the Gospel, i There is some doubt In sceptical minds wltli regard to the shooting and subsequent stiilllng of the Tautanoola wolf-tiger. Somo even say. that the nnlmnl now -in tiie Gambler museum is no wolf at all, but a dingo of un usual size, rendered fierce nnd trucu lent by a diet of rabbits. Posltivo as sertions are also made tbat the' tiger Is still alive somewhere In Mallec lnnd, and Is rapidly ussumlng the disreput able uppearauce of a mnn-eater. Iu the midst of ull this conjecture there arrives from Deopwater, New South Wales, a telegram to tho effect that a wild animal of portentous and hybrid aspect has made its npi>earunco. It is not exactly a new arrival, for old In habitants nro ready to swear that It has been seeu nt Intervals Uurlug the lust tweuty years. They will not take affidavits that it is precisely tlio same animal a>| that seen by the oldest resi dent. It may bo Ills son, or, as a local correspondent puts It, a poor rela tion of our old acquaintance of tlio bunylp. Anyhow, It evidently possesses all (he mysterious beauty of its ances tors. It is the size of a yearling coff in itself uot a formidable creature— but It 1ms tho long, shaggy hitir of a bison, and the shape of a prize St. Bernard with a slight touch of the dasohund. Unlike the bunylp, he does not haunt water holes, but lie makes up for It by howling pltcously, going to and fro with a rapid pace like that of a suburban ghost. No one has us yet mudo any attempt to secure lilm, nor have the local volunteers offered to follow the example of the heroes of Mt, Mncedou, and stalk him to his lair. In short, tiie good old phrase "shrouded In mystery" applies to this zoological apparition In Its fullest sense. Pend ing further discoveries, the residents iu tho neighborhood of its visits have named It bullapau— suggestive of fried steaks— and are patiently 'waiting de velopments. One thing is fairly cer tain.' It cnn'L be the Tautanoola tiger, for, peripatetic as /he may be, be eouldu't have done the distance iu tlm time, even if lie had eaten a record bicyclist and stolen Ids machine. 