OUR COUNTRY SERVICE. (From our correspondents.] A fatal gun accident Raywood. 'Sunday.' The oldest son of Mr. Edward Wirth, Kama- rooka. (Robert) was shot dead to- day. It ap- pears he was out shooting and whilst getting through a fence his gun exploded with fatal re- sultss, the shot entering the mouth. Great sympathy is expressed for the bereaved family. BALLARAT- Sunday. i:.iMixisw Investments. — The Minister y>f 'Mines'at the Mining Exchange yesterday, said that he was sorry to notice that the gold yielps -were falling off, but added' thaf ■ if,investors •would',: exercise discrimination., in .investing, Vmiinng;W.9uld soonimproye.[ A Serious Acc'ides*.' — ;R.qbert Gilmojir aged 3o,'tyvas knocked; down. rin gturt-street ; last night by a hansom, and so badly injured it is believed he will die cf hia wounds. ': ; The Ballarat " Ghosts."—Some imbecile is playing the ' ghost ' in dark by streets and frightening women into fits. 1 (3ASTLEMAINE, Satdreay.5 Football1.—The matches placed to-'day fpr the.premiership of thff"district .and the Embley trophy, resulted .as follows-,:—'Maldon ■ v., CsBtle maine United (lifter a splendid game),"3 gosjls each; Newstead, 2_goals,'v.:Caatlemaiue Im-: perials, 1: goalEryerstown, 6, goals, y.-Hajr-. court; 2-goals ; Guildford, 6-goala, v. CK£wtoh, 2 coals. ■" <-■ \- - - CHARLTON, Saturday.! Holiday. — Yesterday,,.Queen's Birthday,, was observed ' £ts~ 'a strict ^ holiday, and the weather being enjoy'iiblS,-outdoor sports were largely indulged in! ' A' football match bet ween the seniors-,ajid'ijaniorq pf the local; club! proved an^attraqtionJo^a large .number. In the evening a concert (followed by : a - ball aijd supper) was held in the Victoria Hall in aid pf the funds of the Football Olub: • ' 1' Coursing.—The Charlton Coursing Club hejd .its first meeting,. yesterday,-,The. sport wjis very good," and hares plentiful. , : The -first pripe. watf won'by Gibney's Freedofti'/'and the second by Holmes'rStarlight.- J A Paralytic Stroke.—Mr. W, Barker, the well-known chemi6fc,of Echuca.ihoa' hesn seized with a paralyiic'stroke, t.and his condition ]is very serious. Mr,: Barker'"has resided jn Echuca, for 20 years;" and is highly respected. The news of his illness has caused- much r.e gretv ; : ' , ; . . . .. » ;J ' A SAD DEATH.—To-day at noon Miss Emma Davies, 22.years of age, daughter of a well known resident, died from, peritonitis, after an illness of a few days only. The young lady was much esteemed byher many friends, and had been connected with Christ Church Sunday School for some years as teacher. Tennis.—Yesterday ..the • ■ Kyabrairf Tennis • Club visited Echuca. and played;'the locals. The Echuca Club won the majority.nLboth the lady and gentlemen games, the victory being decisive. The scores being—Echuca, ladies, 45 ; gentlemen, 48; Kyabram, ladieis; 2S games: gentlemen, 32 games. ,. . . • j "jus Wheat Market.—Wheat is..to-dav quoted at 2s 5d, the rise creating some excite ment amongst the farmers. . ■ . . : 1 ELMORE,Saturday.; Socials.—The ladies of the township gavej a very enjoyable social in the Athemeum Hall last evening. The music was supplied by several of the ladies present, and was much ap preciated. An excellent supper was set out on the stajre, and the general arrangements Re flected credit on the committee. A coffee social was held in the local Wesleyan Church last night, when about 50 ladies and gentlemen.were present. Parlor games were indulged in,'af(jet which coffee and cake were handed round, j <> INGLEWOOD, Saturday. A Narrow Escape.—Mr. Fred. Bock, of the Railway hotel, had a rather sensitional Ex perience here yesterday forenoon. He was riding ayoung horse down Brooke Lane, apd when at the hack of Mr. Arthur Nixon's resi dence the animal became restive, and Mr. Bock had, in order to avoid the overhanging limb of a tree, to bend himself in the saddle and throw himself sideways. At that moment, the horse swerved in an opposite direction, and Mr. Bock was swept out of the Baddle, but as both feet were held in the stir rups, he became suspended by the side of the horse which reared and pranced round, carrying Mr. Bock with him in his gyrations. Fortunately the feet of the latter became dis engaged'from the stirrups, and he fell heavily to the ground, but having retained possession of the bridle reins he by some means got on to his feet, and brought the horse to a standstill. Mr. Bock sustained a badly bruised hip, but: is otherwise unhurt. ; " Serious Illness of Mr. Thos. Stark This gentleman (accountant to this branch; of the Bank of Victoria) is now in such a prostrate condition as to cause considerable anxiety to his friends.. He came to this branch some two years back in rather delicate health,and though the climate apparently for awhile-seemed to give him relief and stimulation, it was only ^ of very, limited duration.- Mr. Stark's complaint is pulmonary consumption. Death of Another Old Identify.—Last night another of our very old identities—Mr. Alfred Smith, son of the late Mr. Joseph B. Smith, passed away. Deceased was greatly re- spected. .KORONG VALE, Saturday. ' CiL4lUTAM.it Sports.—The Borung annual sports, which .this year were in aid of the funds of- the Inglewood Hospital, were held yester day. There was a very large, attendance, not withstanding the threatening appearance of the weather in the morning. The horse racing was particularly good. -In one event. 15' horses facjil the starter, and good fields were the rule all through. As judges of the different events, Messrs. \V. Hamilton, Coutts and "Caghill gave everv satisfaction both to runners and specta tors," Mr. T. Hamilton wis again in his old position as starter, and was as ' successful , as ever in getting his licldsr.off.' In those "little games'' which empty, the' visitors'- pockets and help to augment the funds, Mr. D. Foley was very successful in enticing the cash to change hands. At the bazaar, which was under the supervision of Mesdames Anderson, W, Allen, W. Boyle and G. Bew, who were assisted by a host of young ladies, a. very good business was done, something over £20 being netted during the afternoon. The luncheon booth, in which a capital spread wa.s.giveu, was attended to;by • Mesdamesrr M'Allister, J. H. Beer, M'Connell, Bremncr, C. Boyle, and Misses . Ritchie, Beer and McCellan, and was fairly well patronised. In the publican's booth, Messrs. Andrews and Westernwere at the head of affairs. Hie pro gramme was as , follows:—MaidenPlate—Dahl, 1; Matthews, 2 Walsh, 3. Maiden Trot— Martin's Timid, 1; Hamilton's Brouti, 2; Lewis' Creamy. 3. Borung and District Han dicap— Glasheen, 1; Grant, 2;" Taylor, 3 ; Doherty, 4; Handicap Pony Race- Kyne s Trickey and Griffith's Billy Murray ,ran a dead heat. In the'run off Billy Murray von, but was disqualified on protest. Tilting at the Ring—W.~ Ritchie. Hack Race—Lethlean's Pirate, 1; Cornish's Lola, 2. Hurdle Race— Glasheen. Handicap Trot—Glasheen's Queen, 1; Will's Supple Jimmy, 2. Quarter Mile—Glas heen, 1 ; Arundell, 2 ; M'Intyre, 3. A concert and ball waa held in the evening in the 1 Mechanics'Institute, and both were crowded, j The total result of the day's proceedings will probibly' amount to close on £70. MALDON, Saturday. Alleged' Incendiarism.—'Two young men named John Gavin and Joseph Armorscio were brought up at the Police Court this moruing, before Messrs. W. B. Gray and B. Pollard, Js.P., charged by Alex. Collard, of Neereman West, with setting fire to his fencing. Ac cused, who pleaded not guilty, were remanded uutil Thursday, and were taken to the Castle maine Gaol by Sergeant Renny. Stolen or Straved.—Yesterday, Mr. Buck land, of Shelbourne, informed the Maldon police that 300 sheep were missing' from his paddock. He first missed them on the 17th inat., and had since been searching, fpr them, and aa the fences were all right He had to come I to the conclusion that they must have been ; stolen. They were branded C.B. in black on their backs, their ears being slit and the Lips cut off. Petition.—The Minister of Justice is to be petitioned to give Maldon another J.P. On Thursday last the legal 'practitioners and their clients had to wait two hours until Mr. Pollard could be brought from Nuggely. The petition which is inilueiitially signed, requests the Minister to appoint Mr. R. D. Oswald a J.P., as ho is always comeatable, and lias plenty of spare time to attend to the duties of the posi tion. PYRAMID HILL, Saturday. Death From Burns.— A little girl, two years of age, daughter of Mr. Herbert Peace, Gun bower, was burnt to death to-day. The little one was playing near the fire while her mother was temporarily absent getting fresh fuel, when her dress caught fire. ROCHESTER, Saturday. Athletic Club.—1The concert committee nf thin club met at the Rochester hotel last even ing, and arranged for a concert in aid of the club's funds in June. 