NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY OUTIS.) During his last term ot political power Sir George Dibbs spoke In terms ot extreme anger regarding all persons who injuriously "doctor" and adulterate liquors "to be taken Into the inside," as ho phrased it. The LIthgow protectionist orators wno ce- slred to have the two local treetrado mem bers placed on red-hot Iron plates and put through tho .local rolling mill were not more thorough than Sir George Dibbs: In his fury against those who would plot to Impair the purity of a man's drop ot drinlc. And if severe punishment for anything at all Is a fair tiling between the commonJty and the Individual, it should be rlg'ht to make tho adulterator of intoxicants with elements thqt inflame and bewilder and hrutalise the consumer know the worst that punishment can mean. Yet, In .spite of tho fact that such adulteration is known to he carried on largely here, and tile pro duct consumed under various disguises of name and color by the considerable 'class who do not patronise swell clubs, nothing worth mentioning has been done to dimin ish the evil. The seizure of a few dozen barrels of Indescribable stuff having a. gene ral characteristic of unfitness for Ihuman consumption Is announced now and. then, but nothing seems to follow it save de struction of the mixture. The law doesn't seek, apparently, to punish tho persons who thus assail the "Insldes" of indi viduals for purposes of unfair gain as it would punish those who sought to Inlltei; bodily harm, perhaps of far less consequence, upon others with a view to robbery. Indeed, it seems to abound with loop-holes af escape through which offenders against tlio inter na wholeness of man can disappear when pursued by tho police with the readiness of a pantomime clown under similar cir cumstances. 'We have had some Instances of tills which would hardly be bnlieved If one could not obtain plenty of proofs that they wero real. Over some mUiuto and absurdly technical law point cases have been upset In a way that Is enough to dis hearten those who endeavor to secure tho observanco of our laws In their real Inten tion. Tho death-dealing adulteration which transforms potato-spirit into half a dozen kinds of potables, any one of wblcli may mako tho most loving husband a wife- heater, while several mixed would probably induce the commission of all the crimes in the calender, should be made a dpital offence. But there are numberless forms of adulteration which aro comparatively in nocent as regards their effect on the mental and physical man. Nino out of ten Of the commodities in ordinary use, whether as drink, food, or clothing, ore not what they seem, without tho users being much worse oflTn conSequdrice, save In the region of the pocket. Adulteration in its ramtfloitions over the whole Held OT production has learned that stitieesa lies ill keeping as near tho truth as possible. It cannot sujpply a bogus article Having tho gdod quali'tie's of the one imitated, but it can keep tlio evil qualities la the imitation down to a harm less' minimum, "(hat is the safe principle on which all cfttaifcs', performers erf miracu lous cilres, and other impostors ot the medi cal clasa who arc fit to lie' in tho business, proceed. Their faKe<l-up remedies are made, as far as possible, of characterless ingredients which fleifhoi' c'UTe nor kill. And tho aggregate stomach of cdvflinaUon accommodates thousands of toils of Such stuff annually in the sbapa of adulterants of articles of food which are tliougjht to bS pure, but which, if they were so, would, as times go, bo beyond the reach of those who now use thein, 'and- are ill tho main satisfied. In his letter p'uh- iishod yesterday regarding wine adultera tion. Mr. Innes speaks with commendable candor as one in the know. It is absurd to suppose that Australian wines should quite escape adulteration in an ag;o when everything is something else to a large ex tent, and generally several things olse. But that is not saying that tho adultera tion practised is more an evil titan a good. If it brings within reach ot those who want it wliio which they could not otherwise get. and which, without being all tbey may be lieve, doosh't corrodo tho internal mecha nism of tho system, the good keeps well ahead. The Rev. Ilaskett Smith has declared tho Pool of Siloam, as described by tho poets of orthodoxy, to bo a frrlud. That Is to say, it is not oool and shady, as reported by tlio persons who have dashed off little things of their own at long range concern ing It, but ono ot the hottest and least shaded plafrffif In that part of this World. Ot courso Air. Smith can shy this without arousing any suspicion ot irrevcvenco, be cause he is of- the cloth.- For sayiiig simi lar things', ii'eYhhiiii equally true And proba bly spoken with equal sincerity,, regarding many aspects of the Holy Land, which were not by any means according to pros pectus, Mark 'ihVif in was dehbuiiced fts a profano meeker and an American of wrath. He saw ho possibility of grapes having ever been grown in places whence it was said men bad borne bunches under whdsC weight they staggered, and said so. For thfli he was proclaimed a brother to dra gons .und a companion of owls, and told that he didn't know anything about how it might bAVB been in Seripttfral tifdes down in Judee or thereabout. Mr. Smith says there never has been a tree near the Rdol of Siloam, because tho oountry all about It Is a stony desert, but it Is safe to wager that lib will not bo taken to task f6f- as suming that it always has been so. The parts of tho "Innocents Abroad" In which tho writer has vigorously assailed what aeeuied to him the shams— money-making or otherwise, but chielty money-making — that Wero barnacled upon tho Christian re ligion at Its sotirces, or In the lands where it had been cradled, are those in which he viriteu v.-lth the most evident earnestness. Ho i3 not fhon tlio humorist, but the satir ist of what is worthy to bo scorned. This tho dullards of tho pulpit and tho poWs, ttho have seen in any reference of his to those things only the spirit of the scoffer, do not understand. Thoy assume that Alien Murk Twain girds at the trado trick eries Of religion, he flouts tho Gpfrlt of it. Hr. Smith Is more furtunatoly placed in that respect. Ho can say whnt he thfnkd, trhea It Is contrary to popularly accepted versions of how things are In Palestine, without befng regarded as an agent of the hvll One. Ibb .thrillin'g mystery of Singleton may safely bo explained In advance as tho work of a boj with a candle In a bottle. A much more complex and difficult explana tion coifld Ij'e suggested from this ofiico, "tit at the present stage it is felt that it. i ould bo an Insult to the intelligencer and mhihlevous capacity of Singleton juveni- Hty to try anything else. All the experi ence of .the past in such matters goes to Prove thit utly youngster with a doslrc for nmusonient, and enough enterprise, could readily befool a couple or hundred of the re-ldcnts of a place, especially tho old and- highly respected residents, by haunting A Hh a light a place w:hieh local opinion felt ought to bo haunted somehow. All that has happened to upset tho peace ot ingleton and make tho residents tremble- nmid strange portents. Is the story of a Aeli know n resident who la the glonming slapped what lie supposed was an acqualnt- nnce on the back, but found no back there, ami tho appearance of n mysterious light v hlcli recedes as observers approach it. hi- I -n't much of a matter to send long Aires About to tho press. If a row of woll- ookn residents had been scon by the mom- crs of a Itocbablte lodge In broad daylight ® Hlhg on a fence with their decapitated wds urnlor their arms, there might have 1 something in the thing to merit tlio Pa-lng interest of farther inquiry. It Aould have at least furnished a new and ekadoff Version of this Fislier'o Ghost business, but thl3 unsubstantial acquaint ance and shifting light affair Is below con tempt. Wo have had such things from all quarters of the world, and tho liomo ar ticle is not up to the foreign sample, es pecially that mado in Germany, where tliey have a brave inventiveness In wraiths and mysteries. Tho Singleton effort is not at all comparable cither with tho Maclean mystery of a couple of years ago, into which somo high art effects wero intro duced with immenso success, nor docs it come Into line with the great Enmore stone- throwing wonder, when a girl suc ceeded for about a week in mystifying, not only somo of the acutest professional de tective ability in Sydney, but in flooring mind-readers, Thoosophists, and other peer- ers behind the veils of lite. In view of this young person's performance, it is suffi cient to assume for tho present that a boy has boon having a lark with hiB elders at Singleton. 