PEOPLE SAY- — That this is 1'arkes' latest pootn to Eeia :— Ho does hot road, hit has no lure. His JiouEu contains of IkkAs no sitorc. He Jria&oa; mo feel so sore. verses with their meaning dim Arc only verses unto him. And they are nolhiujj more. That I'arkes has boon speaking at Kiams. Ho did not raise the ghost. That the luverell sliyas is impressed By Bishop Green's "modesty, lie ?ron coiapsres favourably with* Piirkes. That Mayor Cltuidiiming of Mus ?nrellbrook is'Jiota Scot. ' Ho has our lieariies!; congratulations. Tiuit one of tho principals in a Preach duel Las been wounded. The utmost care will not prevent accidents. That 3,000,000 Englishmen go to bed diuuk every night. JSut" how ai.-ioy wish, they could, and cannot. That the only people who do not get news oE the Coreau war are tho Chinese. That the Syduej- protectionist organ likes " Brummagem Joo " Chamber lain. Affinities. That " Jack ITaynes, M.P., refuses to discuss federation." That will :iot keep others from doing so, however. That the 3£uglis?i papers disapprove of making a trade of cricket. Yet England is tho homo of professional cricket. That tho Muswellbrook Chronicle "is prepared to boss tho Civil Service for a consideration, it is getting its hand in on the local municipal council, j That the Jnverell paper knows a liorso which chews tobacco. We know a good many pigs who do the same. That the Duke of Bedford imports frogs to clear his ponds of parasites. A few frogs would do our Civil Service a lot of good. That tigers killed 1100 people in India last year. Yet, what else could bs expected with e<c-M.l\ Inglis awav Hoatiug a coal mine in London. That speech is a heaven seat gift, though the uso of it by a woman would often make one think other wise That, according to tho Miner, a fish, has been caught in Deepwater with an umbrella in its stomach having " Jonah"' marked on the handle. That thev have a copy of a paper 2700 years old in Arinidale. * Hut familiarity with Iho JZjrjjrcsx prevents its being regarded as a curiosit-.-. That tlie appointment of 100 Justices : of the IVaco is to be again put oft. ! llopo deferred is making soma thousands of hearts sick. That tho Tcuterlield S/ar is amused with China. And the S/as has precisely the same effect 0:1 Chinese who read Teiiteriield English. That Li Hung Chans has got his feathers back again. Which is moro than cm be said o£ I'arkcs and his temper. That, according to the Newcastle paper. Alderman Sharp hammered the Mayor for a year. Then one sharp inustrhavc made 3 ilat. That the Gaze!,',- welcomes with joy the rumour that another hole! is i to be opened in Quirindi. The jo\ ivill be increased if the new hotel has a. slate. That the WaHseii'! paper likes iuoluers-iu-la-.v. It is ail verv ivell to writo like this, when one is" looking over your shoulder, but wo should prefer an unbiassed ?>>iuioit. That ".Sack" Want will draw his salary a.s Attorney-General for two mouths during which lie was away from the colony. I'os.siblv, ho is worth 33 much absent as present. That the Newcastle paper objects to protection in Prance. Vet it advo cates protection in New South Wales. This is the kind of rock on which all j protectionists snlil. ] That the Ansfraliua Star disap- j proves of Rosebery as much as it does J of Keid. General" sorrow will now bo I felt for the former under this great blow. That the Maitlaud paper is much interested in Captain Cook's log. j "Seeing that the style of the paper Ta ' largely that of a "ship's log. book, this j is natural. j That Krangelist Variey cannot con ceive how people can lie converted ivitli the thermometer at !h"). J?ui is it not fear of :i much higher ther mometer which coiivorts m-jst people That the Murruruudi Tiwx U still top of the class with a story of :>. snake, which swallowed a bullet, went to churcii, and there laid -1 egg.:, each containing six snakes half-a-foot long. That the Quirindi lfciee Club declined Harry Levien, M.l*., as President on tho ground that thev did not want a talking ligurt head. The metaphor is somewhat mixed, but the meaning seems plaii: enough. That a Sydney labor paper knows a man 21 ft. high* who can read and write, but is deficient in intellect. We should think that tho paper's cv-luaius must know that mnu in timately. That a Sydney Sunday paper is discussing tho question" " .Should husbands kiss tlieir wives?" A more appropriate question for Sydney would be, " Should husbands kiss other men's wives ?" That a machine has been invented in Syduoy for condensing noxious vapours. Placed in the chamber of the Legislative Assembly it might be; used with advantage in concleasin" ! noxious vapouring. j The visitor;: to the wild beasts in the Melbourne Zoo are increasing in numbers. Tho Sydney Xoo is not. so popular owing to the free wild beast show which so often open m Mac quarie-street. That the QufKiishuuhr thinks Tenterfield is i,i arlici'Jo marl it. This has made the TenterfieM papers verv angry, and they reply that Brisbane is in tenehris. And, finally, tho CJ'en Innes G?-arJiau thinks this is a case o£ in vino verifas. 