WOKST TOWN Of EaKTII 1 WHEBE HUMAN LIFE IS CHEAP. The wickedest town on the American continent is Cripple Greek, Col., according to the experts. To an influx of desperadoes it owed the great labour strike of last year, the quelling of wbich required a sheriff's posse of 1600 men, horse and infantry, armed with Winchesters and supported with (ratling guns and oannon. ' General' Jack Smith was the commander of the miners' forces. Fie appears to bave been a desperado almost from boyhood Coming to Cripple Creek over a year ago, he found himself in the midst of a horde of men of like character, and it took them bat a short time to foment a labour agitation among the miners. Destruc tion of mining property, theft, and the murder of non-union miners began to be of regular occurrence. At the outset of bis generalship Smith made his headquarters on Bull Hill, a mountain whose every approach could be guarded. All the trails and roads were mined with dynamite that could be touched oil through wires from the summit, if necessary, to drive away an invading force. It was given out and believed that the strikers had cannon on the hill, and on a orag a fort was built, a corner of it being visible by the aid of glasses. For over a month the miners owned Cripple Creek. They made daily raids into private bouses for arms and ammunition, and appropriated any thing else that oaught their fancy. By a sys tem of espionage that would have done credit to the Russian Secret Service the opinion of every man in tbe town was known, and several hundred letters were sent out to men in all walks of life, warning them to leave town. Every one obeyed, and one party of five, who were to have been murdered, made their esoape, after concealment in the laundry tubs of a hotel, by riding 100 miles through the moun tains to a country seat. At one time a posse of 125 deputies started (or camp, but the miners suae a i.raiD anu went w meet inem, ioe name resulting in the death of two miners and one deputy, and the retreat of the ofiicers. Other outrages, too numerous to particularise, were committed, but the most malicious was the blowing ap of the Strong Mine shaft bouse. The superintendent and two men were in the mine at the time, and would have perished but for the fact that one of them was an Oddfellow and one of the strikers, who belonged to the same organisation, opened the covering of the air-shaft. A few weeks ago some of Smith's friends were put in the Bull Hill lock-up for a misdemeanour, and Smith promptly shot the padlock off the jail door aod liberated them. He then began to look for the marshal], with the avowed intention of killing him, but his intended victim was quicker with his Run and toppled over both Hmith and a companion named Popst. Smith lived a short time after receiving his wound, and his last wish was for a Christian baptism, which was given him by a Catholic priest who was near. Among otheis who contributed to the liveliness of Cripple Creek at different times was Lalla Itingley, whose antecedents were unknown, but who was evidently a man of education, made a strike and then spent his money in buying the drinks for everyone in sight. He had a playful way of drawing a gun and apparently compelling the only too-willing crowd to drink with him. On one occasion a young tenderfoot was in a saloon where Lalla made his play, and, tbinking him self in danger, fired a pistol shot through his coat pocket. Lalla dropped and died from haemorrhage, but before he yielded up the ghost he delivered a sermon on his wasted life and the golden opportunities for redemption that his hearers were missing ; it was so powerful, so eloquent, and so touching in its tragic sur rounding as to cause a score of strong men to weep like children. However, the town finally ob tained an officer, who was accorded the greatest respect by the tough element. Marshal Charley Norton's absolute fearlessness was never better illustrated than when a mob gathered to lynch him. They had a rope, and just as a resolution was passed to bang the marshal!, the intended victim made bis way out of a saloon towards them with a revolver in each hand. 'I understand you fellows want to bang me,' he said. ' Here I am.' The crowd was so dumfoundered at the reckless bravery of the man that everyone sneaked away. As might be expected with such a gang of bad men in Cripple Creek, the local courts were not . very effective, and in fact until very recently I were of a free and easy kind, having no dignity and little honour. The Justices sought to | please. One of them summoned women on a jury ; this in jurisprudence. A woman had been accused of stealing from a sister Delilah. Three women and three men were on the jury. The defendant was found guilty. The same Justice added to* his laurels by officiating at a marriage on the stage of a variety show. The event was advertised as the grand card cf a Sunday evening's performance. After a few song-and-dance artistes had done their turns the Justice and the bridal couple emerged from the wings amid a flare of trumpets and general applause. Drinks were repeatedly sent up to the three actors in the little drama. At the conclusion of the oereraony the spectators rose as one man and fired a salute that perforated the roof in a hundred places. One Justice was notorious as a bribe-taker, but oo one occasion he overreached himself by taking money from both sides, and as this was not considered honourable he was compelled to resign. One particularly atrocious aot of his was plainly shown in an address, about as follows: — ' The Court believes the defendant guilty, but is in doubt as to the amount of the fine that he should assess, and will take the matter under advisement for fifteen minutes.' He then led tbe defendant by the arm into a back room, and returning in a few minutes discharged him. When the Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad made its way into the town a year ago, over tortuous mountain passes and deep ravines, theatrical attractions began to invade the town. Their entertainment was too quiet and respect able, however. Mock tragedy is not in popular favour where there is so much of the genuine article. It is in the variety shows, dance halls, and gambling places that the pleasure-seeking miner finds his desires gratified, and Cripple Creek does its* best to entertain him. He can select any one of a score of gambling places, half a dozen variety shows, and a dozen deuce halls, black, white, and yellow, as well as other resorts, from the palace to the hovel, in which he can be entertained at any hour of the twenty-four a^d seven days a week Gambling of all kinds goes on openly, a-i-r*t4;Q*m*nt.R nf the daces aDDearing in the local papers, and printed cards posted up behind the dealer in a majority of the games inform tbe uninitiated that ' this game never closes. A few weeks ago two men entered the gambling department in connection with the Hotel Victor. As it was an off night, only halfa dozen men were present. These were compelled to throw up their hands while the thieves took the bank rolls and backed out. The door was riddled with bullets a moment after by the enraged victims, but the robbers were on the hills galloping towards sunrise. On one occasion a player drew a gun to avenge a fancied trick of the dealer, but the latter fired through the table, taking a spot out of the ten and the ball crashed into tbe man's head. The corpse fell forward on the table, the dealer pushed it back into the seat, and went on to the end of the deal. The patrons of the dance hallB are enter tained by woman of the lowest and most depraved olass. The women are paid 1 dol a night and a percentage on drinks that then partners buy. Some of the best variety per fomets in the West reach Cripple Creek and also some of the worst. It is a very common custom to shower silver dollars on the stars, ana this was carried out with a vengeance once in the case of Dolly Emerson, a woman who Borne years ago was at the head of the variety pro fession in the West. Silver dollars fell around her like hail, some being thrown with no gentle hand, and one man pulled a tobacco sack con taining two ounces of placer .gold. He was in the rear of the house, and his aim was either too good or not good enough, for the sack struck Dolly on the forehead, knocking her senseless. Her lacerated fellings were smoothed over by the generosity of the shower, 342 silver dollars, as well as the gold dust, being picked up by the theatre attaches and handed to her. Two evangelists prevailed upon the proprietor of the novelty variety show to give them a place on the progi amine. They preached, prayed, and gw hymns while tbe audience drank, smoked, and joked with the women, the regular performance being in progress. This innovation proved a failure and the evangelists : came to the conclusion that they were 1 but making money for the devil, and ceased their efforts. In the last few months, however, law and order has been getting the upper hand eo far as crime is concerned, and the district is being kept pretty well under con trol. Five men have been killed eo far tbis year by officers while in the execution of their duty, but in every instance it was a case of kill or be killed and the people applauded the officers' acts. 