Waystde Jottings. (Bt Tohlihsos.) j ' Tbe results being experienced by formers in connection with rabhit trapping should be fruitful for next year, judging by tbe wholesale slaughter being dealt out to bunny by the Euroa trappers this winter. Oar landholders need a little en couragement, although sometimes a little encouragement of the kind ad ministered by the old negro school master also assists. The farmers are now afforded an insight into tbe bene fits of a rabbit faatory, and it is to be hoped that ' they will pull together might and main next year. ? * * * You know every great man has his critics, and I believe the rabbit trap nprs Kav-a D.* iL! ? z — vucno, uimgs were ex- | pected of the Earoa trappers, and boys congregated round them with open mouths, wondering whether some magic was being instilled into the traps ; but they saw nothing wonderful, and so far the reSOltS have ljeen nothing wonderful, whilst the trappers say the rabbits up this way are cunning. Undoubtedly dif- f ? l ? ? i*» v-u u (viuup ui wunny require air- j ferent- methods of trapping, and it will take the new trappers a few days to become thoroughly acquainted with the proclivities of the Yaekan dandah tribe of bunnies. # ? ♦ Judging by the report in the Times, councillors had a livelv time of it- last meeting, although very little actual business was transacted by the Council. It is sometimes good to have plenty of discussion, and it appears to me that our councillors have lately been thoroughly educa ting each other in respect to the Local Government Act. . In the past they have had very little cause to worry their brains with the (H)aet, but lately the various sections dealing with rates and voters' lists have been well pulled to pieces. The lesson for next week is ' The Revision ot V oters' Lists.' J udging by reports as to the number of objections I expect every member of the Revision Court will have the various sections of the Act relating thereto off by memory. * * # It is an exception nowadays to find Melbourne insolvents paying 20s in the £, the rule being about a farthing. Some of the big men I ?who harp in mflsnsmns s prisons I lavished their money in all directions, should take a leaf from the page of a nurseryman named Reeve who recently applied for a certificate of discharge before Judsre Moles worth. The man had paid all his' debts in full since his insolvency, and the Judge regretted that be could not present the applicant with an illu minated address. I think that some of our gentry who paid their paltry farthing, &c.;, should hand over their titles to this man, and a national subscription should be taken up to j allow the honest man to carry out the position as it should be. * * * The papers are always full of the big finds at Coolgardie, but the pub lic can gauge foi themselves the true value of these booming' reports by watching the amount of gold taken away by escort, or better still by observing the shipments. Most of the West Australian gold comes to Melbourne and if result® are to be taken into consideration I think that if many of the new fields, and 8'ome of the deserted old fields, had all the money spent on them lL.i. nMnmii Cm A nfi^MAl«A VlKHlr IB opCUlf IU H.UOUI CtlXCb »TC would be able to beat the Coolgardie yields. I notice that the Waroonga brought 8889 oz to Melbourne last week, valued £3500. It would be interesting to know how much money has been spent in mining there during the time this 8889oz was being caked. Moreover, in West Australia everything is so expensive that a less yield of gold iu Victoria for the same amount of work done Would be more payable to the gold getters. ? * * With the approach of the cold weather and the consequent inaugu ration of the vaccination season, th» Melbourne papers are not lack ing in respect io letters for and against vaccination. The anti vaccinationists are always on the warpath. I do not propose to enter into the arguments for and against vaccination, but may remark by the way that instead of the theory, that injections of seium are worthless, being gradually upset as a nostrum we find it making headway. Of coarse vaccination as practised ra recognised to be worthless seeing only infante are subjected to the operation, whereas it should be done every seven years, but seeing that anti-toxin has been proved to be a cure for diphtheria, whilst the ? fVionr\r has been traced to I til J — ? . ~ [ nearly every disease,^ is only reason able to suppose that in the future there will be a serum for every I disease under tbe sun. I * * * I do not wish to hold out hopes that eventually our doctors will be able to gain for us ' the tre3 of life.' They may make improvement* in patching up, in the same manner as oar mechanics iniprove npon the methods of patching up machinery; but unless our doctors can replace our different organs as they get worn, in the same manner as worn parte of a sewing machine can be replaced, we must shuffle off this mortal coil when its life s work is done. ♦ . * * Some of the professors are inclined to believe that too much knowledge in the medical line is not conducive to%he benefit of the human raceas a whole, and aver that on** medice skill is assisting in its degeneration. They opinionise on the thepry^ was tn the hands of ™?hes i y* ^ l *- ?* *' - ?*-- the strongest Survived whilst ;the1 weakest died early, land did |iot, I therefore, ' propagate taints in the same degree as in the present day. In other words they think that our medical skill saves lives of patients who' would, (if the human race as a whole was considered), be better dead. * # * # * A person asks the 'Evening Herald whether it is lawful fo shoot down a ghost. This opens up a very broad question. If a ghost is supernatural it is possible the bullet wonld go through the ghost and kill a neighbour's prize cow. It is not pleasant to have a hand to hand eiir counter with a ghost, for very- few would chance being in close quarters. A stout stick would be useful on a person acting a ghost, but the pro babilities' are tbat a person seeing a ghost at shooting range would chance . a shot. However, if the ghost ap proached within reach of a stick the beholder of the ghost might die of I fright, it is a delicate question as to ; whether shooting at & ghost -would ! be in self-defence or otherwise. ; ! 