Another 'Spook' Scare. A week or two ego we wore startled by the strango tales regarding1 the oonduct of a oertain '? *pook' in the Siugleton district. Not to be behindhand in the hunt, Morpeth has now raised one of the shadowy gentlemen (reports the Mnitland papor). It appears that two g«ntleinen, whoso worda can cer tainly be depended on, were proceeding to their homes after coming from Maitland by the train which arrives at Morpeth at - about 7.20 in the evening. Their way led them down the road towards the Hiuton punt, which they have had to (and do) travel at all times, and especially about tho time men tioned above. There arn no houses on either side of the road from the corner to the pnnt, and after going about 100 yards past the fortnor place — strange freak of fate I — tlie talk turned to tbe subject of ghosts. , One asked the other if he believed in auou phe nomena, and after a few goneral remarks on the subjeot, expressed a wish to make the acquaintance of one. No sooner had the worda gone past the lips than an indescrib able shape arose, as it »ere, from the gutter, and gliding* aeross the road just in front of them with noiseless movements, disappeared in tbe darkness on tbe other side. The friends did not run — they wero incapable of it, for reasons better imagined than ex plained. They managed to get away from the spot, however, and one of the partioi pantu in tho adventure deolared that the shape was about three feet high, and white with blook rings on it. He also declares that he made a kick at it, but his foot went past it into empty space. Be that as it may, when he roaohed the ferry, so minor (and the puntmsn) say, he was vary white and could scarcely speak, and now is very cau tious when he hat occasion to pass the spot. Strange as this may appear, here was an old man injured at tbis very spot same four or five years ago. He was riding a horse, and a mail coaoh coming behind him either struck or frightened his horse, so that the animal jumped against a telegraph post and threw or fell upon him, breaking bis thigh. He was taken to the Maitland Hospital, and after being in the institution some seven or eight weoks, was just beginning to knock about again, when he fell and broke his thigh a second time. Some few days before the aooident a man named Asmosnen was riding along (tho vio-;m of tbe above scoideut, strange to say vn« his companion) whon his horse went over the bridge, and be reooivod euoh injuries tbut he died about fony-eiglit hours later nt the Hnnter River Steam Packet Inn, whether he was removed. It will thorel'oro bo ursn that there is soiao slight grounds' fur ths feelings of thone, super fititiously inolinod, to work upon. 