A Night in a Rat-Trap. Unlhbs mPii become soldiers or ad venturers in other lands, tliey oftentimes cannot obtain the cxcitement of even I disturbed slumbers. Should burglnrs attack the bouse, it is as well to remem ber that the periodical bought on the j previous day's railway journey contains | | a coupon guaranteeing loss up to one thousand pounds, sny; so that it is better to let them ' burgle' on at their sweet will, rather than interrupt, and be shot or knocked on the head. Ferocious dogs are as a rule fastened up, and bulls not commonly loft loose in the fields. Every now and then, however, it is possible by fire or water to secure an unusual sensation. The following narrative will show that exceptional ad vantages in this respect-outside those two elements-often fall to the lot of the most peaceful of men. Having inherited an old Border castle on the banks of the Esk, I felt it a duty at times to occupy it. An old woman acted as custodian ; and crumbling walls, rats, damp, and wind, to say nothing of a hereditary ghost, did not rendsr it a pleasant home. In the last century, this ghost had obligingly held four con ferences with the Rev. Mr. Ogilvie, minister of Forganwick. The minister's exhortations, however-which are yet on record in a dingy duodecimo- were thrownaway upon the wayward phantom; and on the minister's departure, he soon returned to his cantrips. Fortunately, the old woman was deaf, so that he knocked inside the walls and rolled up and down stairs as noisily as he liked without disturbing her. I had been wont for some years to inhabit Toul denoy Castle for a month each autumn, as I could then obtain a little grouse shooting and trout-fishing on the neigh boring moorland. Some thirty years ago I was at the castle as usual in a stormy October. The floods were out, and tempests night by night shook even the solid wall of tho castle. There was a library of old-fashioned lore in the tower, and by means of curtains and a good fire, I made myself tolerably com fortable. Maggie, however, grumbled more than usually about the rats, and they certainly were both numerous and obtrusive. At length she announced her iutention of leaving the castle for a night, in order to be present at the wedding festivities of a niece in a neighboring village. It struck me that while she was absent, I would strike a decided blow at the rats. The uppermost storey of the tower was used as a storeroom, and 1 was not sur prised at old Maggie'6 complaints when I found four or five holes in the floor near the walls, and evident traces that, night by "night, rats held high revelry there upon my meal and cheeses. I re membered the raids which the men con nected with tho slaughter-houses at Paris once made upon rats, after baiting the rooms for a few nights with horse-flesh and leaving the. vermin to devour them in peace. Their victims were numbered by thousands; and it occurrod to me that on a smaller scale I, too, might get rid of a considerable number of these pests. Accordingly for a couple of nights before Maggie left, I put baits of sugar, biscuits, and honey on the floor of the storeroom, finding next morning that these had been much appreciated by the rats. On the- day of my projected battue I placed five tin boxes cunningly by the side of the holes, connecting them with string to my down stairs library, so that when I liked to pull the string the l>oxes would fall over the holes and leave the rats behind, as Junenal says, 'in clu60s carcore nassa1.' I took care to put out more and more dainty cakes that day than usual; and as I hoard the rats in the evening running behind the wain scot, chuckled over the example so speedily to be made of the marauders. Maggie went off at three on a dull dark afternoon. She left a cold dinner in the dining room ; and after discussing it I went up to the library and smoked till about 11 P.M., when I laid aside my book, and prepared for revenge. Arm ing myself with a handy flexible cane, I lit a bedroom caudle and pulled the im portant string. Judging from the com motion overhead, a good many rats were imprisoned. What a sight presented itself as I opened the storeroom door and quickly closed it behind me! The floor was black with rats, tumbling aud leap ing over each other in dire terror. The Pied Piper himself might have summoned them (Ireat rale, small rats, lcau rats, In-awuy rate, l[ro\vn ruts, black rats, gray ruts, tawny rate, tiriivo old plodders, gay young friski:ra, Vuthcrs, mothers, unulcs, cousins, Cocking tails and pricking whiskers, Families by terns and dozens. I began at once to lay about me with the cane, and wherever it fell at least one victim suffered. Then 1 turned and hit behind me, the rats fleeing in abject fear. I thought of the stories of rats attacking uion when they were driven into a corner, and decided now that they were gross exaggerations. At that moment my candlestick slipped out of hand and fell with a rattle on the floor, leaving me in utter darkness. In an instant a rat sprang at my throat, and as I seized and dashed it on tho ground, several more leaped at my face, and more ran to my ankles and climbed up within and without my trousers, inflict ing sharp bites when they found an op portunity. In vain did I shout and dash them oil', trample on them, and lay about me with the cane. More came, till I began to be seriously alarmed, and thought of Hishop Hatto's fate. Had I fallen, they would have eaten me alive. I fumbled for the door, and at length turned tho handle. Fool that I was, 1 had forgotten; when I closed it behind me, that it fastened with an old-fashioned i spring, having perhaps been used nt times as a prison. There was no pos sible exit; and I was bitten severely round my neck and face as I tried to kick tho door out. The brutes had lost all fear of mail in the dark, and I sliud-1 dered at the thought of my bones being found in that awful den. Something must be done, and that speedily. Thorn was a large aperture in tlie outer wall six feet from the floor. An iron stanchion ran through it, di viding the aperture in two. Outside was a curious iron cradle, something like the ' crow's nest1 on the mainmast of a modern whaler, and here watch and ward used to be kept in the troublous days of old, or a captive was put in it, as the Countess of Ruchan was dis played from the walls of Berwick. A ladder led to it from the floor, but it lay broken and rotting on the ground. I was impelled, however, with the horror of the situation ; and while half-a-dozen rats at least hung on each leg, I swept off us many more from my neck and face, and, leaping up, seized the stanchion. Despair lent strength, and I pulled myself up by putting my feet on the rough stones of the wall, dis lodged some half-rotten boards, and felt the cold night-air blow on my heated, bleeding face. Next I threw all the rats that wore hanging to my legs far out into the dark void below. The river Esk I knew ran beneath, and there was little fear of any of them surviving tho fall. Some rats, I found, maddened by the 6mell and taste of my I blood, climbed as I had done up the rough stone walls and positively attacked ine again, like so many angry ants. Wounded, torn, bleeding, and bitten in I every limb, I managed to push myself out gently into tho iron cradle* and there was comparatively safe. Only two or three rats could reach me, and these I soon dashed down. The others apparently gave up the chase when I was thus in the cold wind and rain, comparatively out of their reach. I was safe for the time, but by no means comfortable. I leaned against thick iron bars which were dripping with wet and exceedingly cold. The wind was gathering to a hurricane, and I had no covering of any kind. It must be about midnight, I calculated, and morn would not break before seven at the earliest. Buttoning up my coat, I made up my mind to face any inclemency of weather, rather than descend to the murderous den I had so narrowly quitted alive. The rats would depart at dawn by making two or three fresh holes, and I could break down the door, get to bed, and foment my wounds. In a very Bhort time I was stiff and shivering with cold. Shower after shower drifted over; the wind blew in squalls, and roared round the tower. Moon and stars were alike obscured ; but a dull, heavy roar came up from below. I knew it was the Esk far down in full flood. There was nothing for it but to wait on as patiently as I could. Feeling my watch's face, I guessed it was about half- post three. Soon a dreadful fear stole over me, one that even silenced the horrors of my escape from the rats. If I moved in my uneasy perch, it appeared loose and rickety. What if it broke down alto gether with my weight in it? It cer tainly had held no one, save some adven turous boy, for a hundred and fifty years, so that the ironwork and staples might well give way beneath my weight. I gently rocked myself, and the whole structure showed, such alarming symp toms of collapsing, that I lay still in the greatest fear, scarcely daring to sneeze or cough. If the cage did yield, I should be precipitated sixty feet down into the raging river. I would have returned to the storeroom and taken my chalice of the rats having left; but to alter my position and get back to the big iron stanchion was in itself most perilous. If I put any undue weight upon a dangerous part, I should infallibly be dropped into the Esk. From its roar and rush far below, I could guess what my fate would be did I fall. Slowly the hours wore on, as they only do when the mind is ia deep stress of anxiety. Half-famished and blue with cold, I rejoiced to see far away a streak of light upon the horizon. My heart leaped as I recognised the first footsteps of the dawn 'clad in amice gray.' Gradually tbe light broadened, and the night grew brown instead of black, and then the gloom dissolved and faded, and a rod rim surrounded the distant eye of light. And then the hills grew more distinct, and, joy of joys, the sun rose upon a dripping world ! I could now investigate the crazy iron cradle in which I rested, or rather lay. It hud originally been attached by two iron bands to tlio central stanchion, and by two huge iron pins, some four feet under the aperture, to the wall. The iron bands had long been rusted through, and the whole weight of the structure now rested on one of the iron pins which penetrated the joint of the masonry, and looked most insecure. My yetting into it had evidently caused the other pin to slip out, so that the infirm structure and I rested-so long as I did not move-on the one weak-looking pin. I saw at once that a movement might cause it to slip sideways, when I should be precipi tated out at once; or else to snap oil', when I should also be carried downwards in its ruin. There was a further danger, that ray very remaining in it might cause it gradually to become detached from the one pin which alone held it to gether. Hero was u dreadful discovery 1 My head was below tjic level of the aperture ; and to raise my arms, shift my position, and attempt (o grasp the stanchion, was perilous in tin; extreme. It was firm enough, I ««Could I once clutch it, 1 felt assured that 1 could pull myself up and reach the interior of the storeroom. Two more mortal hours did 1 wait in hopes that some one would come, and I could call for help; but Maggie would not bo back till evening, and no public road ran near the tower. 11 overlooked a wide stretch of moorland. I was now so benumbed, too, that I felt what steps were to bo takou would have to be chosen at once. I dared not stand up on the crii/.y 'crow's nest.' Change of posture might immediately cause its fall. Having carefully studied tlio situation, I determined to wait no longer, but to take off ray braces-which were fortu nately made ot stout buckskin-and throw tliem round the stanchion. I could then venture to stand up, and, holding by them, could pass band above hand to the stanchion, when despair, I felt, would give me strength to pull rayself up. Accordingly, I began my attempts to throw the braces round the stanchion ; ton or twelve times they fell back on me, and then a new terror seized inc, lest they should slip out of my hands altogether, in which case sudden death would stare me in the £aoe.. At that moment a voice reached my ears from below, and I saw my keeper passing under with the gardener. ' Save us !' he said, ' is yon the maister like a bird in a cage? He'll surely be doon in a meenute inair.-Hold on, maister,' he shouted. ' I'll come up! Hold on!' Just then a large piece of mortar gave way below me, and fell clattering down the' wall into the river with a splash. I saw that a moment's delay might mean death, so, rising slowly to my feet, I flung the braces once more round the stanchion and grasped the ends, when, with a dull crack, all the iron cradle gave way under me and fell with a horrid crash into the Bsk. I remained hanging three or four inches below the stanchion ; but fortunately retained my senses, and gripping the braces in my teeth with the strength of despair, palled myself up inch by inch, and seized the stanchion in my right hand; then I dropped the braces, and with a great effort reached up with the left and gripped it convulsively with both, still hanging, but so far safe. Not an instant dared I linger, as I felt my strength going every moment, but dragged myself higher and higher till I got hold of the masonry within with one hand, and clung a second to gain breath. Now came the worst part of the struggle ; I had to bring the left hand from the stanchion to die wall and pull myself on to my chest in the window. I did get the hand on the stone, bat could not, even for dear life, get farther. My eyes closed, my head swam, a mist came over mo, and I all but dropped In a faint. But just then I heard the steps of the keeper coming, ah 1 how leisurely, up-stairs! 'Quick, quiok, Malcolm, for your life!' I shoutedin & last effort of vitality, 'dome, and get hold of me 1 Quick I Haste I. Help]' And I all but fell; but now the dour opened, and Malcolm ruehing in, clasped both my wrists, and I was safe 1 I was in a dead-faint, and Malcolm would never have pulled me up by himself, With the help of the gardener, who now hurried in, I was dragged into the room more dead than alive, and lay senselera on the floor till a glass of whiskey, the ' national panacea for all evils, wag brought. Even then, I wasetiBj bleed- - ing, torn, wet through, and generally ' miserable. They helped me to bw, . however, end I slept. Of course, thinta the reader, you had a bad brain-fever afterwards. Certainly not. At least your hair turned white . with the agony of that night? Nothing of the kind. I was bathed and fomented, and rested for a couple of days in bed, and then, thanks to a good constitution, was able to leave for England. Much, however, as I value the old tower of Touldenny Oastle, I see it too often, am devoured by its rats, ay, and hang , from it, too frequently in my dreams, to care ever again to behold its walls, gray, stern, and weather beaten, against the heathery hills and far blue mountains of Eskdale.-Ghatnbers's Journal, 