CURRENT NEWS. A choice programme of music hes been arranged* by. the 4th Regiment Band at the fortnightly, performance in the Centennial Park to-night. Three applicants for hawkers' licenses all went surety for one another yesterday. "Seems like a sort of-mutual benefit society," said the Bench: Irvine .T. Morrow, a young mian, wase killed at Broagher's Creek, Kangaroo Valley, on Monday, by a rock falling from the bank under which he was loading gravel. It is computed that last veer fully 23,000 ndrsons Passed through Port Adelaide to Western Australia. In 18903 only 5932 persons passed through the same port. Despite the presence of some 600 firemen in Albury, Thorpe's store at Walbundrie, close by. was-burnt to the ground on Tues day. The stock alone is insured for £1250. During New Year's Night the Oddfollows' Hall, at Newtovwn, Sydney, was visited by an unknown band of rufiHsans, who broke up the furniture, doing damage to the oextent of £100. Alderman Robert Stuart, of Penrith, has been missing from his home since BSaturday morning, and the greatest anxiety prevails at his abwonce, It is supposed that he has lost himself in the bush. The Newcastle Polico Court looked like an amateur jo~a-house yesterday, with a eon grogation of Japan-hators dressed in Sunday go-to-meeting clothes, though they paid far more attention to the Bench than they would to their priests. Tbhe death is announced of Mr. John Smith, M.L.C., at the age of t3. The sad event took place at Ashfield on Tuesisy. Mr. Smith, who had resided in the .colony since 1839., was appointed to the Legislative Council in 1880. It is understood that negotiations arepro ceeding with a Sydney shipping iras to freight one or more steamers in March next with full cargoes of live cattle from Sydney or Newcastle. The rate of freight wil pro bably be over £6 per head. A strange theft is reported from Narrabri. A store house was broken into and 500 wal laby scalps and 7 native dog scalps wqro stolbn. Ans it will be practically impossible to identify the scalps the Government will probably be placed in the position of having to buy stolen property. Throughout last year only 38 22n of rain was registered at the Sydney Observatory. This total is lose by 7in than that recorded in Newcastle, and 12"a4in below the annual average in the metropolis for 36 years. It may be mentioned that the-rainfall in Europe last year was almost usprecedonted. Though the cargo business between China and Australia has not been projudicially affected by the war in the East, the gas songer trailic has been considerably reduced. However, it is reported that a number of patriotio Chinamen are proceeding home by the Tsinan with their savings, in the hope of obliterating the Japanesu. Last year the lMetropolitan Fire Brigade were called to 409 fires. Of thoese 49 were falo alarm·s. 90 proved to be only chimney fires. and 270 were for actual fires. Of the 270 fires 201 were onlyn slight, 23 were serious, and 41 resulted in the total destruction of promises. In 146 oases the prosmlses were insured, 65 of the buildings were uninsured, and in 59 instances it was not possible to ascertain 'whether iusurnceso e had bean effoeted. A comparisois of the returns with those of the previous year shows an increase of eight calls, and au increase of 10 aotual fires. Two women were yesterday fined £2', with 2s Gd coats each, for bad language. For window-breaking and cursiog. a sa?i? was yesterday sent to Maitland Gaol for sik weeks. The fining of people for having un registered dogs commenmcentd yesterday at the Noewcastle Police Court. While driving in a buggy on Tuesday, a resident of Gunnedah named David Owens was thrown out and seriously injured. Sing Him was an applicant for a hawker's license yesterday. How would he do as musical assistant to the Chinese missionary ? A general meeting of the Grocers' and Storekeepers' Association will be held to-day, at 3.30lin the Chamber of Commerce rooms. A ship's captain was fined yesterday, at the Newcastle Police Court, for suffering some bamboo matting to be thrown in the harbour. Compared with last year the railway traffic in Sydney on New Year's Day, showed a falling off of nearly 10,000 passengers, and the receipts were less by £400. The Sheffield Board of Guardianse have spent £30,000 in providing cottageo homes in which to house pauper children. tnd preserve them from the workhouse taint. The quantity of coal hauled over the Go Ternment railways last year was 2,073,470 tons. This, compared with the previousyoar; shows an increase of 395,810 tons. Last year 97 marriages, 300 births, and 107 deaths took place in Newcastle West; the totals in Ne'castle Eat beingi' Mar rianea 55. births 135, and deaths 135. Temn Hoy signed the latter part of his double tray name "Hay." ' Ah, I see, he signs his name lilke an Englishman," said the Bench. when the error was explained. Two users of very bad language (two soa men) were yesterday each fined £2, in de fault 14 days' gaol, another, who was guilty of indecency, meeting a similar pentalty. A prisoner serving a sentence for larceny in Inverall Gaol violently assaulted another prisoner on Tueeiday night by delivering ter rific blows on the head with a heavy broom stick. The Capetown Chamber of Commerce has passed a resolutiou regretting its intability, under existing colonial condition', to assist in subsidisiag the proposed line of steamships between Canada and the Cape. Continuing their second innings in the test match at Melbourne yesterday, the Aus tralians raised their total to 328 for the loss of nine wickets. They are now 99 runs behing the Englibshmen's score. "The Fitz-Stubbs Musical Album" for 18941 is a well-got-up publication, the con tonts consisting of fiSt brilliant pieces of dance music, and a song by Percy Fitz Stubbs, entitled "The Death of the Midship mite," the words of which were composed by Mr. Clement Scott. The Empire Music Hall was again well patronised last night, and the excellent en tertainment met with general approval. hIost of the songs were encored, and the audience were most enthusiastic in their reception oft the items submitted for their amusement. To-night a complete change of programme will be made. The Russian Government has rejected a scheme permitting Jews, with the object of forming Israelite agrarian colonies, to ac quire land in equal ;~oportion to that al;owed in the case of Ruesian peasants. This decision is due to the want of success which has attended orevious attempts to organise similar Iaraeltt colonies. At Ballina on Monday the medals granted by the Shipwreck Society were publicly pre sented to William Graham, signal-master at the Richmond River, and his brother Sydney for going into the breakcrs to the assistoncs of Captain ,lenwick and W. Lomax when their steamer, the William Langford, was swamped on the Richmond cRiver bar. At tlhe outhIrn RiPl assnociation meeting at Meoss Vale, Lioutenante Et... J. Bourks and Mir. T. I. Kendall, both of Singleton, won prizes of £1 in the se??ond stage of the Quocn's blatch. In the Ladies' Match, 10 shots at 500 yards and 5 shots at 600 yards, Mr. A. tiurg, of M:aitland, won a prize of £2, and Mr. I. V. Lee, of Newcastle, secured a prize of E£1. A man named John Burney committed a violent assault with a pocket knife on Tues day evening on his mate named Robert Ahearn, at Byron Station, near Inverell. The police arrested' Burney, and yesterday he was brought befbrs the local court and re manded for eight days. Ahearn's wounds are not expected to prove fatal. So far no eommunication has been received in Victoria from the Imperial Government confirmatory of the etatement published re cently that Lard Brassvy is to be the next Governor. Lord and Lady Hopetouu and family leave for Enyland next April on six months' leave of absence. The Chief Justice will be appointed as Acting-Governor. Some sensation was occasioned in Tonter field on Thunrde.y when it became ktnown that Mr. W. Williamson, the well-known and popular resident engineer of roads, had died suddenly that day. The deceased on Thursday morning attended at his office as usual but feeling unwell, returned home. Shortly aftorwards he passed quietly away. while reclining on a aonfa talking to his wifo, At a largely-attended public meeting at' Wyalong on Tuesday the following resolution was carried and ordered to be forwarded to the Goverament :--" That this meeting views with disgust and dismay the great apathy displayed by the Government in not supply ing an efficient water supply for Wyalong and Wyalong West, and is of opinion thalt the present Lover epidemic is due to thu. fact." In a quarrel which occurred at Temora on Tuesday between John Cutran, a blacksmitth, and William Murphy, an old minor, the latter sustesiPd injuries from which he. sub sequently died. Both men are well-kinown mates and have been residents of the place since the opening of the goldfields. Homwthe quarrel ,ccurred is not exactly known, no one being present when the men. had: the rosy. The Itcomber number of Cosmos. is. a very readable one. A sketch of the lifoe of" Mr. G. H. Reid will prove interesting.- t. those who take a special interest in " men. who have rIsen." A breezy storyl, entitled" Sara doupolos and Company," tells of certain doings by a Greek free lance given to pinacy and other naughty deeds. A chapter on ghosts gives a seasonable creepiness to the number. The other papers are. attractive·, and the illustrations admirable. Anton Bolewski. charged at Liemoro with shooeting at G. Wilko, at Rons Jill; has been remanded until Wednesday next. The in jured man in giving evidence, stated that the accused when he came to the house the first time kicked the door open, asking if his wife vwas there. He w:as told no, bat informed thvt he could seauah the place. He then seized Wilke by the throat and throw him on the bed, and then left. Wilke look:d the door. Boleweki returned 5 minumtes aftor wards and burst open the eoor. The latter was then in bed, and did not reply. Tho accused then fired the shot. ]olewlki went home, and when arrestoed was sound asleep. A constable found the revolver in accused's garden. At the Newcastlo Polico Court yesterday morning one tradesman had signed the appit cations of 30 Chinamen who sought licenses as hawkers, recommending, another had signed 24, and another 12. Sub-Inspector Saunders brought this fact under the notico of thu Boech. Consideration of the appli:a tions wain adjourned until the afternoon, in order that the throee gentlemen who had footed the recommendations might attend, and personally testify to the charactor of each applicant. 'I his they did, and the long string of oclestisls filed, one by one from the cou s to the O.P.Si. ofiee, there to pay £1 per head for the license. Mr. Mair expressed the opinion that it was not right for people to sign these reommonedations wlholmalo with out (as was evident in some of the eases) knowing muoh of the applieants, 