TOPICS OF THE DAY. Out with it boldly ; truth loves open dealtnes."' Say as you think, tad speak it from your souls. SHAKESPEARE TOBY BAETON and Sohej, unconsciously no doubt, are running a sort of abusive com bination show; and Premier Reid is the object of their scorn and derision. Both of them have endeavored to make some cap ital out of the fact that Mr Reid is rather late in the Jeljl with his scheme for reform1 ing the Upper House. Said Schey at Dar lington the other night, " This man thinks he is doing a great thing in thus proposing to reform the Legislative Council; but it is as old as the hills-all politicians have suggested it and every parliament for the last twenty years has been asked to make a move in that direction " ; and Mr Barton at the Federation meeting on Tuesday night week delivered himself thusly : " He had himself brought forward a policy a year or more ago for; the reform of the Upper House. He anounced it in 12 or 13 speeches, and that before the man who now spoke about it had thought about limiting the dnration of appointment and of enforc ing the ratiieuie,u| of Some members every year." Ifct iii spite of th« asseveration of these two very fat men, it is singular that the people of the country haye never heard of any , genuine, proposal to 4o what ilr Eeid has sworn to do. It is one , thing Ito talk and another thing lo act. For twenty years and more Sir Henry Parkes talked about all sóíts of réforme, but that was the farthest he got-he never went beyond the talking stage. All governments during the last two decades have talked about a Local Government Bill, but it was left for Mr Reid to act, and that the Bill is not now law is not entirely his fault. Mr. Schey is a man not only of substance bulk, ene might say-but of many words ; in fact he can knock spots off the best of 'em in the interchange of such courtesies of life as are fashionable in Parliament. Yet Mr Schey has done but little beyond plunging the country into expense over cer tain charges againet a highly-paid official, which he failed to substantiate. The fact is the man who does à thing is the man to be boomed, and not the individual who m. merely talked about it. Lots of people will say in regard io many things, " 0, I * {bought of that, and could have done it as easily as so and so." Just so, but the man who jumps into the river to save a drown ing man, or enters a house on fire to rescue the inmates, is the man who does it, while others stand on the bank or in the crowd, looking on and talking about what could and ought to be done, and asking " why ? don't somebody do it ?" Sir Henry Parkes* deeds, whatever they are, will never go out of memory while he lives. We Want neither history nor biogra phy to toll tis of the eloquent old man's political deeds-his misdeeds we can all re member-for on every possible occasion he trots them put in review. If his misdeeds were trotted out in the same manner, no doubt they would seriously affect the old * man's appetite-for they would appear to him as the ghost appeared to Maobeth or to Eichardtthe III. Thus, on Tuesday night ^ week Sir Henry mounts his old hobby horse, and trots out his acts of legislation ? ' -the Public-schools' Act, the Municipal , \ Act (the one with which the community is just now cursed), the Water and Sewerage \ Act, and others. But if there is one mat §s ter more than another upon which Sir Henry should be dumb, it is his Munici palities' Act of 1867-an aot so ambiguous ¿ ¿hat no mortal man, alderman, council |p* clerk, barrister, or judge-can understand, ^ and which may be construed to mean any P , thing. As an instance of what a wretched ^-Abortion the Act is, we have the matter of ¡l^earin v Davie in connection with using BSSSSMHlfiMift^â^ happily, precipitated the amending Bill re cently introduced by Mr. Brunker and passed by the late Parliament. Then th« Public-schools' was really not all Sir ; Henry's own-though he always ignores the good work of other men in connection therewith-notably, the late Rev. James Greenwood and Sir G. R. Dibbs. Sir Henry is certainly entitled to the credit of j getting the Act passed, but his vanity and i selfishness is so absorbing that oue cannot but feel tore when one see« other men ig- ! nored who worked as well as he did for the introduction of the Public-school system. A Sunday paper recently invited discus sion in its columns as to the merits of dancing. Thus, for some weeks appeared the numerous letters headed " Is public dancing demoralising ?" No doubt those who sup ported dancing generally had the best of the argument ; yet the prize of the one guinea offered by the proprietors went to a lady (was it a lady ?) who really condemned the saltatory art, except at private parties or in the home circle. This practically knocks dancing on the head as regards the masses, seeing that their homes are not adapted for dancing, having neither the room, nor, in most oases, the music. Thus, the pro prietors of the papers in question say in effect : " You low-class people who have no private bail-rooms must not dance because promiscuous dancing, or in fact, most of the dancing that goes on now is highly demor alising." This coming from a paper that lives upon horse- racing and similar sports, is rich indeed. And so, evidently, thinks a correspondent, whose NOM DE PLUMB many will recognize as familiar, when he asks that a discussion be invited as to whether horse-racing is demoralising. Those inter ested would do well to follow up that discus sion as it appears weekly. One thing ic quite certain, if dancing! away from the home circle, is demoralizing, our young Australians are a bad lot, for they take to dancing.naturally as a duck takes to water they dance on all and every occasion, as we know from what we see going on locally. The fact is, whether we like it or not, Aus tralians are dancers par excellence-and have been ever since the gold discovery. In a Sydney suburb last week so many socials, and other entertainments of a similar char acter were on that music could not be pro vided for all, and performers were taken off the streets. Yet it is doubtful indeed whet her dancing contributes to wrong-doing and vice so much as the pleasures ot tb;« turf. As an accomplishment dancing is a very nice thing to know-besides, it is considered a healthy pastime, while as to its morality, like other things, it is very mach a matter of temperament and circumstance. Someone who appears to know all about it, has been writing to a newspaper pub lished at Kogarah and Rockdale a " Remin iscence of the great Hawkesbury flood at Windsor." The writer grinds out a column or so of very poor stuff about his own per sonal experiences of the 1864 flood. He seems to have resided in Windsor at the time-somewhere in George-street, pro bably, for he refers to the Scotch Church being flooded and "in my own house, a little lower down the town, there was about 12 feet of water," and his parents and their six children " sought shelter at 4 o'clock in the morning in the stable-loft of a friend." In this interesting " reminiscence" we are told that the 41 South Creek railway bridge was covered to the height of twelve or thirteen feet above the rail level," and also that the water "gradually encroached on the diôerent parts of the town until the tremendous height of eighty-five perpendi cular was reached."- Tremendous, indeed ! Let us see, on April 23-probably 1889, for the year is eliminated from the letter before me-Mr. Tebbutt wrote to the " S. M. Herald" correcting certain memoranda pre sented to a meeting of the .Water Conserva tion Commission then sitting in this town V" ' :AAud .--à,_ll ? -fut.. i^.iiv-iL_a which stated that the flood reached a height of 65.49 feet above the local high-water level. Mr. Tebbutt's letter «hows that the extreme approximate height at Windsor was 62.7 feet by his own meteorological observation, or 61 feet above high water mark. If the flood had reached tbs height given in the memoranda, the water would have been 8ft or 4ft on the Court house floor-which, as everybody who wa* in Windsor at the time knows, it did not-that building having been used as a place of refuge for the distressed. It has been said that the water could not rise higher than it did on that occasion owing to the configuration of the country between Windsor, Pitt Town, and Parramatta ; Mr. Tebbutt will know, and no doubt could say something on the matter. It is clear, how ever, from what we know bf the flood of 1867» that a rise of twenty-two or twenty three feet higher would have submerged the town. It is a pity that people do not make enquiries before writing on matters of fact. But few people have such good memories as the late Michael Flood-and but tew persons are as correct as Mr. Teb butt, or as careful in preserving old records as the Hon. W. Walker-and if one wants to know anything of the past, one cannot do better than apply to one or other, or both. From jthe flood to the river and the Windsor Bridge is but a step. The raising of our bridge is not exactly an accomplished fact, though the Government is committed to carry on the much desired work-and there is no earthly reason why it could not have been done years ago. Whether the bridge is responsible for the silting up of the river below the wharf is another question ; old hands say it is-though it is really doubtful. Anyway, much as a, bridge is necessary it may be questionable whether it is of more importance to the town and dis trict than an open, navigable river right up to Windsor wharf. The elevation of the bridge ia estimated to cost £9000-which is a larger sum than was placed on the estimates som« few years ago for deepening Windsor Reach-and which money has been fooled away somehow. Nine thousand pounds is not a large sum to spend upen a town that has received so little ; and twice nine thousand pounds is nothing to what other places of less importance than Wind sor receive without the least d*»mur. Then why not spend another £9000 upon the river itself ? and then Windsor would or should boom. Besides, the money would not be all for Windsor, because people all along the river would also bs benefited. A high-level bridge is good, so also is a navi gable river ; but both would be a lot better. Possibly Mr. Morgan will, in the next Parliament-should he get there-look at this matter as the writer looks at it, and put his broad shoulder to the wheel to shove "the old chariot along" a bit further. When private individuals of small means can see their way clear to make a navigable channel at a comparatively small cost, surely competent engineers'should be able to do better. The worst of it is these pro fessional gentlemen are so slow in their movements, and have such a penchant for making a big job out of nothing-at any rate, what practical men make light of, enginsers magnify into tremendous undertakings. A pen-and-ink portrait of '* Rolf Boldre wood " :-He is about fifty years of age, short and stout, with an exceedingly small head and face, and small brown eyes in a a perpetual etate of twinkle, suggestive of a far deeper sense of humor than one would believe the writer of his books to possess. He talks easily and well on every subject under the sun, though his bias is naturally towards literature, and he never travels without a small library of magazines stowed 