OUR KJLLAHNEY LhTTRR. "Tiie poor always yc have with you." This convenient Hncl time-honored saying may be VRi-ied a litttlc, And willi good reason made to reail-" The prior in principle aluuya ye have with you." Ami this changc fehif I h the appli cation of the phrase from one to a totally differ ent class. The poor, the needy, are seldom dishonest. Dishonest people don't beg, for to beg I hoy are ashamed-hut they do worse. Still the world does not know of their doiugs, and what does it matter-what the eye doth not sec the tongue doth not denounce. A pedlar-a Cingalese-visited the other day a house not one hundred miles from Killarney. He looked tired, iriivel-stained, wayH-orn-a cup of teu was just the thing to refresh him. A young woman invited him inside to partake of some tea. Leaving bis wares outside, he entered-his heart throbbing with feelings of > gratitude that, with his limited supply of words, he would have found it difficult to express. He enjoyed the siren's hospitality, drunk two cups of tho national beverage, thanked her in his pigcon-Eugiish way, and bowed herself out of the house. He felt like a giant refreshed, shouldered his traps, and took to the road. But an evil presentiment haunted hiin. Wore any of his goods missing ? He eat down by the road-side and cotmnenccd taking stock. Yes, two shillings' worth of otfdB and ends had gone. The young woman had also taken stock while he had been taking his tea. Moral: Beware of tea drinking, it's Tho debating society here is a real live con cern. No one can teli what is before a member of a society of this character, especially when he or she commences to hold " pronounced views." 01 all views, the most fearful and wonderful is that called "pronounced" a photographic view by an amateur is a fsol to l ' M ^ a&id; before, one never knows what U before & member of a debating class. He may be shaping a parliamentary career, or a rope may even be making for him-you never can tell. In matters like thfs it is quite impossible to see the end from the beginning. Such a beginning may, as a matter of fact, end anywhere. Last meeting night the class dragged "*e House of Lords before its judg ment btr, and demanded it to show cause why it should not be wiped out of existence. Miss Fergussnn pleaded tho cause of the ivy grown institution. She seemed to tbink it deserved to stand beoause of the good breeding and lordly bearing of the members, also be cause the fittings of the Chamber were so very elegant, and for a few tniuor reasons affecting the Constitution of Great Britain. Mr. Craw ford and his party opposed suoh au eyesore (n a democracy, and seemed to be imbued with the idea that the Lords were a menaoe to publio health, as they bad thrown out a bill dealing with sanitary reform. Mr. Crawford's figures went back fu an unbroken line of descent to the days of jEtfcelred, A.d., 866. Say it not in Gatb, but there were some opinions expressed which had a sulphurous smell nbuut them-oommuuism, socialism, &o.; Oh, horror t As I pen these tines the thermometer etande at-well, l have none to refer to j but it is a sweltering afternoon. A little distance away apigeon-matoh is being ahot off, and at a greater distance a storm is brewing, flie incessant discharging of the guns has probably coaxed the thunder clouds along, not beoause the atmospheric disturbance has been great enough to cause a gathering of the clans (or clouds) to investigate the reason of the row, but (perhaps) because Nature has kindly permitted It so as not to discredit (he theory set up by certain scientists of renown that a. series of explosions will produce rain. A scientist feels bad when bis theories are ex ploded, so do those who follow bim, and who with blatant voice declare that all manifes tations, such as rain, and lightning, and tempest, are but the result cf purely natural oauses. Bain oomes because it cant' help it blind chance, don't-yer-know-no design, no provision. These folk belong to the "Blas toderm*; class, whom Kudyard Kipling brought into existeuoe. As a rule they are over engiued for their beam, and have too much 'erank." One of the classic (?) poets-(which was it?) -.aid: " JWlwric hatfa ohinni To soothe the swage, To rant a «ck. And split a cabbage." I This verse lias various explanations. " To rend a rock" is supposed to have reference to j the softening influence of music upon the human beast j " to aplit a cabbage" is said to contain an indirect allusion to the power which inferior music has to produce head aohes. The latter is a mean innuendo. Music, anyhow, hath charms; but it resents bad treatment. Is it any wonder, when people attempt to " murder itfor it must ub admitted that many do this. All thfs by way of prelude. The Guards' Hand will visit Killarney and Vangan about the 2flth Instant to give two entertainments. The Salvation Army is, with good reason, proud of this band, and wherever it goes it receives the plaudits of the Press. Thebandmaster is a "duly qualified musical practitioner," and the mem ben of the band have been carefully trained. *Vhen will we be rid of the sty-grog shanty I A sly-grog seller Is prosecuted to-day. the contraband article is confiscated, and right minded people congratulate themselves over the faot that another cesspit has been oblitera ted. Bat, lo and behold I the '«shanty" bobs up serenely in another nlace. There is always someone with a fiendish greed for willi"« t0 rUD the gauntlet in thlB Illicit trade; and, on tho other hand, always oihers who are willing to patronise tho law-breaker. It is, after all a case of supply mid demand-one man wants, the other supplies. Which is the biggcreinner? In Australia all attempts-there have been two that I am cognisant of-to make a man sober by Act of Parliament have failed The prohibiiiciri idea was triad at the Renmark and Mildura irrigation oolonies- Messrs Ohaffev Bros, starting those schemes on temperance lines Mildura is infested with shanties, and prohibition is a farce. Renmark is fast gain mg a similar notoriety. The police, by aid of detectives, mako spasmodic onslaughts, and paint the plaoes red. There is general tonsy turvcydom for a few weeks, things subside, and sly grog-Bhops spring up again like mush rooms from a hot-bed. The "shanty" la ephemeral. This system of guerilla warfare waged by the police against the evil-doers has r.sve.r.. a" T16 t!*ect of permanently checkins the illicit traffio; it lias bruised tho head of the .ei-jwot, bat he 1M. always shown that wonderful vitality common to the reptile Ulna, and refused to give up the ghost, At Yangan the other day a poor fellow such an ohjeot!-called me to speak to lihn. Ho was in a maudlin state, and about to com» tnencc the horrible ordeal of "suffering a recovery." He wanted a cure for drunken* ness. I spoke of the .' whisky" cure, the of chlorine of gold cure, and the moral cure, and explained the treatment employed iu each. Evidently he was heartily sick of his coodilioD, and would gladly have found de iverance from such a cruel taskmaster. He Jittd, poor fellow, speut thirteen days at a shanty n in some secluded spot in the moun tains, and had truly wasted there his sub stance in riotous living. The man is noted for Iub naims of industry, and after toiling am! moillog for mooths makes a practice of spending his hard-earned monny iu grog. Tins 41 bout" ho had been drinking wine, and those who have ever drunk to excess of shanty 1 wine can imagine what the horrors ot a thirteen daya* spree must be. This dip. somaoiac was then on the verge of D.T.'sL that frightful world of fierce hobgobtfun and troubled souls, the creation of a heat, oppressed brain. THIS healthy glow disappearing from the check and moaning and restlessness at night arc sure symptoms of worms in children. I)o not fail to get a bottle of Mother <? raves' Worn) JJirterminator; it is an effectual incdi Blue.' 