THE MENACING EYE. A SHoRT DrrETIrv STORY. CHAPTER I. NOT LIKE OTUER GHOSTS. "I believe you're a ghost hunter," said Nick Carter, the famous detective, as we lighted our elgars after luneheon. "Yon know it," was my reply. "I'd rather see a ghost than any live man on earth. But, somehow, I don't have any luck." "Here's a chanes for you. It's a ease I've been asked to take, and I poeitively haven't the time." " What are the facts?" "Edward Hamilton, son and heir of the late Robert Hamilton, who, by-the way, was a highly cultivated gentleman, and at the same time a crank of the first water-is having a lot of trouble in his father's house at Wantagh, on Long Island. " He and his wife inherited most of the money, I believe. There was another son, but he seems to have been left. " Mr and Mrs Hamilton are living in the house where the old man died. It seems that the wife has been suddenly stricken by a disease which threatens to make her a hopeless, bed-ridden invalid. "Hamilton is terribly grieved by that, and is in such a nervous state that it is hard to get a straight story out of him. He was at my house this morning. j " The net result of my q.eotions was the belief that somebody is tkying to frighten him with the ghost racket "He won't tell me what he's seen, but, from the effect upon him, I judge that it must have been something unusual, and the work of a clever trickster. " Now, the point is here : I can't go down there on chances; I haven't time to spare. But if you'll go down and look the ground over, I'll agree to help you out if the affair gets too exciting for you." "I d like nothing better." was my prompt response. "I'll go dewn this evening. Any special instrmotions !" "I haven't any instructions," he replied, " but I have a word of caution. Don't fool with this business. Remember that there is a good deal of money in the Hamilton estate, and this ghost work must have some bearing on it. Now, if a gang down there is playing for high stakes, they'll probably take long chanoes, and if you get in their way, you're likely to get hurt." "I shoot fairly well, Nick thanks to your instrnotions," said I. "How about somebody elre getting hurt!" "Well, that looks reasonab'e, too," he said, "and I should much prefer it to be the t way." We parted, and I went on my way rejolo ing, The job promised no end of fun, and in spite of Niok'i warning, I couldn't see any bloodshed in it. However, when I was reosived by Mr , Edward Hamilton that ovenieg in the large and shadowy parlor of his late father's residence, there was an excellent 'six-shooter in my pistol-pocket. Mir Hamilton was a man of distinguished appearance. He was tall and slender, and his faoe was well chiseled, but excessively thin. A glance at him showed the disturbed condition of his mind. "I am very glad to see yen," he said. "Mr Carter was afraid he wouldn't be able to do anything for me. " I am in desperate trouble. I have just loest my father, my wife is hopelessly ill, there are serious and perplexing complican tions in my father's affairs, now of course in my charge; and to cap all this, I am tortured by a mystery which positively has no natural txplanation." "Mr Carter prepared me to hear snme. thing of this kind," I said, "but he did not explain the nature of the strange manifesta. tions which have disturbed you." Ho spent some time in thought. At last he said: "I believe that it will be better for me nit to attempt to describe what I have seen. There are reasons why I should prefer simply to give you the oppnrtunity of en counteriog an experience similar to mine. "I am far from trusting my own observa tion and judrment. I am in a highly cervons condition, as a result of anxiety and loss of sleep. It may be that this horror is only an hallneination. At any rate, I am auxious to compare your observa tions with my own. I want you to occupy to-night the reom where I have slept-or. rather lain awake-for the last four nights." "That is axactly what I was about to suggest," I replied, "but I would add that no person but ourselves should know of this. You will assign me a room, and it will be understood in the house that I am here as a physician whose opinion you have desired regarding your wife's illness. When we have both gone to our rooms, in the sight of one of the s-rvants if possible, we will, with the ut most secrecy, change about" Mr Hamilton agreed to this, and we said nothing more abont the supernatural side of the affair. I asked him certain qurstions concerning his father's estate, and elicited only one fact that seemed at all unusual." The testator, in his will, bad mentioned a sum of money which nobody had been able to find. The will stated that a memo. randum regarding it would bh found in the late Mr Hamilton's private drawer in his oaf.,. No such memorandum was there. Tno son was of the opinion that the money mentioned, which had been with drawn from a shaky bank at the time of the late panic, had been subsequently de posited elsewhere, snl that a record of that transaction would be discovered in his father's aceounte, which were being examined by exports. The amount was one hundred and eight thousand p unds, the odd thonands being in gold and the bulk in notes. While I immediately conneoted this mystery in my mind with all the rest of the trouble which Mr Hamilton had had, I was by no means able to explain the rela tion that they bore to each other. It weeas possible that Mr Hamilton was conoealing something from me; that he know where the money wae, and to whom he should rightfully pay it, and that the ghostly work ses being made to awaken his conscience. I did not subject him to any oross-ques tioning. The fact is, that he was so ner vous that I was afraid he would go crazy befdre my eyes. We spent a most melan choly evening in each other's sodiety, and went to our rooms about ten o'clock. Several times during the evening he had visited the apartment where Mrs Hamilton lay sick. That room was separated from his only by a dressing.room. The whole formed a suite of which the room where Mr Hamilton had slept had been the study. It seems that his father had been a student and an author. I thought; that our exchange of rooms was managed very cleverly. I did not be lieve that anybody saw us. No sooner was I in the room which Mr Ramilton had oocupied, than I made a careful examination. The doors were us neually heavy, and of course I looked them both, and seemured the keys in such a man ner that no one could gain entranoe by means of nippers. I could discover no secret entrance. It wees a corner room, and therefore, of course, there were two ex'erior walls, though one of them did not run the entire length of the apartment. There was a room adjoiring it at that point which I did not explore, butithere was absolutely no means of communicatioa between it and my own, except through the hall. When I had finished my examination. I wasee really disappointed. The experience promised to be like so many others- atterly devoid of any unnausual feature. When I lay down to rest in the re markably large and luxurious bed, 1 had no more idea of being disturbed during the night by any supernatural visitor than I had of waking up to find myself in the moon. Hoaever, I had a revolver in the drawer ,f a little stand near the head of my bed, endit wea ready for instant service. After lying awake for about an hour, wondering wby g?hits don't come when they would be so sure of a cordial welcome, I dropped into a sound sleep. I was awakened by something which touched my face. My impression, as I started up in bed, was that a draught of cold air had blown upon me. Then I was conscious of a sound. I couldn't dersribe it; every one knows the rustle and murmur which indicate the presence of a human being-perhaps I wculd b3tter say, several human beings, for there seemed to be noises in various quarters of the room. This was promising. I was quite grati fled to perceive indications that something was going to happen. Very gently I leaned orer and put out my hand toward the place where the little stand had been. It was not there. I was not nearly so much gratified by this occurrence as.I had been by what had prcOjded it. I suddenly began to want the pistol very much. I was on the point of leaping oat of bed, when, suddenly, through tno absolute darknesE a due, bright ray of light shot exzatly into my eyes. For ad intaent I was completely dazzled. Then the ray almost faded, and instead of it I saw something that scared me worse than I was ever scared before, or ever etptat to be again. Right in the middle of the darkness there was an eye. It was like a human eye-thaugh much distorted and dreadful in its expression-but it was nearly a foot in cdiinter I :Therat~i stood, without bodily surround ings, wit.out a single visible member to keep it ompany. It shone upon me with a dread.ul intensity impossible to describe. It shone by its own light. And it was alive, for, as,I gazed upon it, the lid slowly opened wider, the pupil can tracted, the glare of the great and anfu; object became brighter and more mexac ing. CHAPTER II. A SHOT IN THE DA ,K. I supposed that I was going to esream load enough to be heard at the other eno of Lake Chaplain, but, in reality, I scaroely made any noise at all. My vocal organs were beyond doing their ordinar) service, but my limbs were I cive, aao they got me out of bed in the hundredth part of a seconi. In hfot, I came out to( fsat, for 1 hit the floor on all fours, and fell sprawling. With all the power I could summon I sprang up, but, before I could get upon my feet, I received a terrible blow on the back of the head that prostrated me. I had no sensation of losing conscious ness or of coming to my senses again, yet I must have been stunned, for when at last 1 got upon my feet I was some die tanoe from the spot where I had fallen Indeed, I had passed entirely around the bed. I was confuied in the darkness, and stumbled about for fully half a minute before I could find any matches. The room was absolutely dark; the dreadful eye had vanished. I lighted the gas at last, and looked about me. There was no sign that any body had been in the room, My first glance turned towards the spot where the eye had appeared. It was tno end wall ot the room. As nearly as I could figure it out, and ] couldn't have been very far out of the way, the eye had appeared just botween the two narrow windows at that eni of the room. I went over there and examined the wall. It was perfectly solid. I raised the heavy curtain from the window, and took note again of the thicknees of the wall. It was not more than nine inches. Evi dently, nobody could have gotten up inside of it and exhibited the object which I had seen through some seeret panel. In short, alter the most careful asarca that I could make throughout the room, I was completely at a loas to account for the phenomenon. Any trace of superstitions feeling which I may have had when suddenly awakened, hod vanished vi'h the light, and with my fuller conscionaness. It was a trick surely, but the best one that ever I had seen. That the whole affair had not been an hallucination was proven by a most pain ful ccnt:sion on the back of my head, which required immediate attention. Having done what I could to reduce the swelling and still the pain, I went back to bed, but I noticd one thing-the stand with the pistol in the drawer was right there where I had left it, and the weapon had not been tampered with. It must have been a clever man who had taken that thing away and put it back again, and then got out o! the room without making any noise. I also had an excellent opinion of the in dividual who had floored me. His fist must have been as hard as iron, and his arm like a giant's. I was not disturbed again that night. Mr Hamilton was waiting for me in the breakfast-room when I came down, and he scanned my face anxiously. "Not altogether a quiet night," I said, trying to speak cheertully. "One or two things a little unusual have happened, but I guess they are readily explainable. You have tricksters at work here, but I think there is no cause for serious alarm." The back of my head did not acquiesce in this statement. There was a feeling of un easiness in that locality, and it protaeted against my determination to pass another night in that apartment. Mr Hamilton approached me with a ghastly face. "Did you see the eye ?" he whispered. "Yes, I saw it," I replied, "and a mighty bad eye it was, too. It would be interesting to know how it was done, and n a very short time I'll know it." " Breakfast is served, sir," said a voice, and, turning, I perceived a very English butler In the correct costume o( his olling. " Wouldn't it be better," whispered Mr Hamilton, as the" butler moved over toward the table, " if we simply moved out of this house and let the mystery take care of itself i I own that I'm unequal to it. My nerves won't stand any rore of that. The next that iye looks at mel shall go raving mad." He continued In an even lower voice : "You wouldn't believe it possible that I can |trace in that monstrous and terrible appaittion a distinot resemblance to my father's eye, yet snoh is the fact. It is the same color, and-I can't describe it to yon,. but, bellsvo me, that that is the hardest part of it all for me to bear. Can it be that in the secret design of nature there lies the possibility of appeal to us from the dead ! " I grant you that it is impossible to con ceive of my father's desiring to menoae us in such an appalling manner, but may it not be that our senses misinterpret and distort the visionu granted to us by a higher power -that we see only the grotesque and terrible, and fail to recognize our visitant or appre hend his meaning I' I was in no mood for a metaphysical dis. ouasion. I wanted to get at the man who had tricked me into childish terrior, and had then struck me down from behind like a coward. Something of this feeling I allowed Mr Hamilton to perceive, for I thought thet a touch of plain, every-day, human vengeful ness might be the beat onre for his super stitious fright. My intentions were good, but the results were nil. The fact that I had seen what he had seen was enough for him. He could no longer attribute the vision to an hallacina tion. Two men do not dream the same dream, nor cheat themselves with the same imaginary spectacle. Mark his shrewdness in not telling me what he had seen. Had he done so, there might have been a possibility that his aug. geetion had worked upon my mind to the extent of making me imagine that terrify ing eye in the darkness. I attempted to do a little detective work that day, and made rather a failure of it. I examined the room again by daylight, and learned nothing. I had fancied that there might be some possibility that this apparition was acoomplished by something like a magic lantern flashing an image upon the wall, but, in the first place, the eye had not seemed to be as far away as the wall; and, in the second place there stood at the end of the room an open book- shelf, and above it hung a large oil-painting. It would not have been possible to throw an image upon so rough a surface with any distinctness. I wan forced to abandon the idea. I questioned the servants. There were seven. Four of them had long been in the late lMr Hamilton's service. The other three, including the butler, a stable man, and an upatails girl, had recently been en gaged by Mr Edward Hamilton. I utter:y railed to connect them in any way wito the mystery. Their object to me wao utterly beyond a guess, euppoling them to be guilty. I pass at once to my second night in the haunted room. On this occasion the pistol was under my pillow, and one of the gas jets in the room was alight, but with so small a flame that it did not even cast a glow upon the heavy shade by wnich it was eorounded. I had carefully arranged it so, in order that I might have a light at once in case of an emergency. For a considerable time I lay revolving the main points of the mystery in my mind. I had satisfied myself that if there were secret ingress to my room, it must be from the dressing-room adjoining Mrs Hamilton's apartment. To suppose that she had anything to do with the affair was preposterous. She was muoh too ill. .I had seer her during the day, and had asked with her physician, upon whom I believed that I had successfully passed myself tff as amember of his distinguished profession. He appeared to be consider ably alarmed about airs Hamilton,although he did not expect her to die within a short time. Her ease was peculiar and interesting, requiring c?nstant attention. He re mained with her himself nost of the day, and there was a nurse in the room all niglb That anybody should be able to get into the dressing-room wit bhout alarming either the invalid or the nurse, oýuld hardly be believed. The nurse was she whom I have referred to as an upstairs girl, recently engaged. She seemed intelligent and honest. If she was concerned in the nefarious business which was going on in that house, I was prepared to be much astonished when I found it out. I think that I had reached about this point in my refleotlons when I fell asleep. I made no special effort to keep awake, knowing well enough that the tricksters would wake me up when they got ready. And they did. The same cold breath passed over my face, and up I jumped. I was looking for that eye. It did not immediately appear, and I own to a feeling of relief. It is impossible to make the reader understand what a dreadfinl thing that was to look at. Is was like nothing else that ever I have encountered in the domain of the gruesome and shocking. There was such a terrible moaning-so much malignity, and such a sense of all-powerful intelligence. Well, it didn't appear at once. I sat there, listening to the wind that howled most dismally about the honuse, for it was a fearful night, with a cold, driving rain mingled with sleet. The house trembled, and the branches of a tree growing near it beat opon the corner. And yet, in all this tumult, I distinguished those faint sounds of a mysterious presence in the room. I sprang out of bed, and in an instant had turned the gas fll on. 'No body was there. I decided to wait awhile in the light, and clambered back into bed, for the room was somewhat cold. There I sat, looking anxiously about, un til at last I nearly gave up the idea of another visitation, at least while the light was burning, and was on the point of putting it out. I was spared the trouble. The flame gradually laded; shadowo gathered in the corners of the room, and at last darkness, absolutely black, closed about me. Then came that blinding flish straight into my eyes, and it was Instantly followed by the apparition of the eye, more menacing and terrible than before. I was tempted to shoot straight out, but was restrained by a resolution that I had made to wait and see whether some new manifestation easier to solve would not be given. There was none. The eye regarded me steadfastly for a period which I estimated then at about two nights and a half ; it may have been only minutes. Then it vanished, and in an instant I raised my pistol and fired exactly in its direction. I heard the bullet strike, and something fa!l. It was not a heavy fall like that of a human body, but it was sufficient to show that I had not altogether wasted my lead. I leaped out of bed, and endeavored to light tbh gas. My matches would not burn. They had been wet. There were others in the pocket of a waistcoat hanging over a chair. I rushed towards the spot where I sup posed it to be, and fell headlong over a human body that was lying on the floor. It was a very bed fall, and I did not get on my feet as rapidly as of I had hit a bed of down instead of a very hard door. But certainly not more than half a minute elapsed before I had regained my feet, and had found the waisooat over the chair, though it seemed to be in a different placa from where I had put it. 1 lighted a match and looked around. There was no body on the floor, yet I knew as surely as that I was then alive that I had stumbled upon a human being, living or dead. I touched a match to the gas jet, and the flame leaped up. The room was just as it had been when I retired, except that the upper shelf of the book-case between the windows was shattered by the heavy bullet from my revolver, which had struck it edgewise. T o boks of clonsiderable sirz a ad fallen to the floor from the splintered shelf, makling the sound which I heard. What had become of that mysterioeus being whom I-when my feet touched him -would have sworn to bh the victim of my ashot There were several amazing things be sides that. Teere was the phenomenon of the gao, the matches that wouldn't burn, snd my mistake as to the chair on which my waistooat hung. Instead of being out oE place, it was exactly where I had left it when I had went to bed. (To be continued.) .4 