*y MISS BRADDON, Author of "Lftdy Audley's Secret," "Dead Men's Shoes," Ihaatom Fortune," "lake and Unlike," "Aurora Floyd," Wyllar&'a 'Weird," "The Day Will Come," "All Along- the River," &c.;, ,&c.; [All Qbeknjlaxd Rhhis Btssrted.] CHAPTEB XXVII (Continued.) f/SE silence lasted for minutes. John C-ovordule heard the old clock in the passage ticking solemnly on, as if it were dealing out a long day or a long life of time, so hopeless seemed the duration of that agony ; the woman standing Btatue-like, white as marble;- the man sitting with eyes that gazed idly out "beyond the open window, across the little garden, where the asters and marigolds made a "bank of gandy colour, to the gray dimness of great rugged hills. The November morning was still and bright, and the air in the shelter of the hills had a summer-Hire softness. At last over the blank melancholy of that aged and altered face there crept a slow vague smile, and Brandon Mountford lifted his eyes towards Sibyl. "I knew that yon would come," he said slowly. " I knew that you would understand my message—though I have jilmost lost the trick of writing." "Brandon, you know me, yon know me." she cried, sinking on her knees by his chair, clasping one of those long wasted hands, deadly cold to her touch. "Enow you—yes, of course." "You have been cruelly treated, but that is all over now. AH that this world can give of happiness shall be yours. It shall be my care —the object of my life to atone." "No, no, there has been no cruelty. It was my doom—the corse laid upon me. /What could they do hut hide me—bide me from my fellow men—a wretch—a murd? rer ? I have suffered, but I have bad my dreams—dreams of that wild country where I was so happy—cen turies ago—centuries of weariness and pain. The black faces came back tome in dreams—the river—the forest. And I have drcabit that you and I were wandering there—you aud I sittiug together by the camp fire. I havo seen your face in the red light, and then the fire has changed to the fire of hell, and I have suffered like a *soul in everlasting agony. I have suffered for my crime." In broken sentences, with piteous entreaty, she protested against his self- denunciation. "It is a dream," die said; "a horrible dream. You have nothing to do with poor Mario's death—except the misfortune to be the ' first to find her. You have been the victim of a cruel conspiracy—a plot to hide away an innocent man in order to prevent suspicion falling on the real murderer." He looked at her curiously, as if lapsing into a reverie in which her words hardly reached him—looked at her wonderingly, as if her face were strange to him. And then his eyes wandered away from that earnest, eager face to the gaudy autumn flowers uud the great grave hills veiled in thin white mist. Alas, it was but too evident that the shadows which clouded his rcjison only cleared away now and again for a brief space, as the autumn hazo parted and patches of the hillside showed clear aud bright through a rift in the veil. "It is not wise to talk to him of that dread ful event," saidITr. Coverdalc. "What we havo to consider is what is best to be done with him. The doctor will he here at 12 o'clock. You may be glad to hear his opinion from his own lips." "Yes, I should like to hear what he thiuks. But ought we not to have a specialist ? We might telegraph to Edinburgh." "There will be time for that by-and-by. Will you como into the garden with me " " What, leave him alone " He has been accustomed to sitting alone. The woman of the house is within call., I should like to have a quiet talk with you out yonder." Sibyl did not answer him, scarcely heard him ' perhaps. She was looking at Brandon Mouut ford in agonised contemplation. Whatever I there had been of intellect or of power in his face a few minutes ago had vanished from it like a i light extinguished behind a transparent picture I leaving the picture dull and meaningless. /Weakness, physical and mental, hopeless de spondency, were all that could be read in that face now, a countenance of sickly pallor, every facial muscle relaxed, dull, misery expressed' in every languid line. This was what solitude and sQence,' the slow decay of monotonous years, bad done for Brandon Monniford. If Sibyl Dunluce could bave looked back along that dark line of years—if some magic mirror could bave sbown her pictures of the past, what would she bave seen ? Ftrst a strong man canght in a trap, fighting with bis captors for release into the free air of heaven, then suddenly subjugated and rendered powerless, not by their violence or their persua sion, but by the fell disease which the horrors and agitations of his life bad intensified, which set its demoniac grip upon body and brain, with a force never felt till then. She would bave seen one attack following upon another, with brief intervals of languor and exhaustion, till strength was sapped and intellect weakened—weakened but not an nihilated. She would bave seen a brave man submissive as a child to a bond be could have broken bad be so willed—submissive because hopeless andjdespairing. He was told that be was a murderer, that a warrant was out against him, that to escape from that dull prison bouse, thatlife of hideous, hopeless monotony, would be to run into the noose of the law, to doom himself it might be to the gallows, or at best to the imprisonment of a State madhouse, a felon among other felons, a lunatic among i other lunatics. She would have seen him, as | bis brain weakened, and the power of logical I argument and even of consecutive thought gradually diminished—she would have seen him fooled by the hope of release. He would be got away biter, when the coast was clear— should be got on board a steamer and drafted away to that dark continent of which be dreamt so often, where liberty and life were waiting for him, among the dark faces, under the tropical sun. Fooled on from day to day, and month to month, and year to year, with that reiterated "by-and-by," she would have seen him gradually losing count of days, and months, and years, till time was one long blank, and his life knew no change, save the change from heat to cold, and back to heat again— from sunshine pouriug in at his open windows to the curly darkness of endless winter nights —from the dark, iron blank where the firelight had leapt and sparkled so merrily, to the wel come fircglow coming back again to fill the dull blank void. No changes save the rain whipping the window panes—the wind howling over the distant sea, or whistling close at hand in the chimney. There was thunder sometimes— thunder peals that shook the house, and made him wish that the roof would crack and the walls crumble, and bury him among dust and ruin, and so make an end of this dull blank space and time which seemed to ho endless— infimtejspacc—infinite time. He repeated the words sometimes if they hud been a formula— ""Who disputes that cither is infiuite ? I have proved them both," he said; for not only did time seem endless, immeasurable, but iu his frequent periods of hallucination space also seemed without limit, and his weary spirit wandered aghast in worlds that knew neither change nor boundary, neither night nor day— dim grayncss, peopled by silent ghosts—an endless labyrinth, or a wide stretch of barren sand leading to a horizon that was always the same, and yet ever receding. The commonest dreamer in a dream of a minute can invent and people a place unknown to his waking intelli gence—hut in the diseased brain that dreaming power, increased a hundred-fold, becomes a source of unspeakable suffering, a well-spring of horror. And what of his more rational hours; those longer intervals between one attack and another when there was time for the brain to regain something of its lost equilibrium ? Alas, those hours of reason aud remembrance were the worst of all, for in those he believed himself Marie Arnold's murderer, recalled the image of the corpso in tho 'wood, brooded over the cruelty of such an end to that bright young life, and the 6bame and disgrace of the crime— disgrace reflecting upon all who were of his blood, a blot upon a stainless pedigree. " Better that I should rot in this seclusion," he told himself in those waking hours, "than that I should go out into the world to set men talking of my crime. Yet, if it were possible —if I cottfd get hack to the Zambesi and my faithful Kaffir boys, they would hardly think worse of me for that story of bloodshed. They wonld only pity me as the victim of witchcraft." And in such an interval, when his janitor came to him with the meal which only Mr. Carpew or his wife ever served to the mysterious "hoarder," Brandon Mountford would urge the fulfilment of that reiterated promise. Surely the timo had come when he might go away. "Whatever watch had been kept upon the house must have ceased long ago. He had lost all count of time, hut he knew that it must be long— and he looked down at his clothes which had been replaced by ready-made garments more than once since ho came there, and which yet were threadbare and worn at the edges. He looked at his wasted, almost transparent hands, where the muscles had been so firm and the flesh so hard and brown, in those old days by the salmon river. Yes, it was long, very long. Suspicion, watchfulness, must have been worn out long ago. Why could he not get away. The "Vicar had various excuses. The danger was not over. His lodger was a marked man. Any movements in that lonely spot would ex cite curiosity. And then there was the question of money. It would cost a good deal of money to get him out of England—to pay his passage to the Cape. "And you wouldn't like to land there penniless," said the "Vicar. Penniless, yes—penniless under the stars. He would not tear. Besides, he had friends in London—friends who would gladly help fri™ —men to whom money was of no account—if he could remember their names, or where to fiud them. Ah, there was the agony! He could not re member. Names, localities, even the faces of the past were lost io vagueness and shadow. Paces haunted bim—faces appeared to him— rooms in which he seemed to have lived gardens whose every tree and shrub seemed familiar—hut he could not distinguish memories from dreams—the things which had been, and were real even to-day, from the things that his fancy invented. If Sibyl could have known how, throngh the clouds that darkened over mind and memory, one image had shono out clearly, unchanged and unforgotten, and that image hers; if she could have heard his appeal to his gaoler, repeated day after day, " Let me see her. Has she had my letter? Have you sent a messenger to Ellerslie, as you said you would?" and how, day by day, be was put off with excuses and postponements. She was abroad—in the south of Prance—an assertion that had been justified by her actual absence in several winters—but the same story bad been told him when she was at 2)enlace Castle. To-morrow and to morrow. There had always been the same promise that bis desire should.be realised by-and by—and as the brain weakened be had grown to believe in that by-and-by, and to w.iit and watch for her coming. He had written many such scrawls as the one which reached her hands—but on the last occasion be had been fortunate in bis mes senger, a wretched Jack-of-all- trades who lived in a hovel at St. Jude's, and did odd jobs of work for the fanners. The key had been left in the lock of the. garden door for once in a way, and Brandon, who was allowed to walk alone in this joyless enclosure, had opened the door unobserved and gone ont into the lane. He had no idea of escape now, having been told that escape was hopeless—he was too weak and helpless even to contemplate any act requiring prompt decision or sustained exertion. He only wanted to sco Sibyl—to find some mes senger who would cany his appeal. The gardcrfMoor opened on the hcatb, but he could hear the sound of a pick on the road a little way off, and could see a bent figure breaking stones. It was the Jack-of-all-trades doing a spell of parish work—and to him Brandon Mouiitford intrusted his message—a scrap of paper hastily written upon as he stood on the wind-blown road. He entreated the mau to find Lady Dunluce to put that hit of paper into her hand—her hand, and no other. He offered his watch as payment in advance for his service, but the man would not take it. The rough peasant was touched with awe and pity at the sight of that spectral face, and was too honest to accept so valuable a gift. Halfwitted himself he may havo had somo instinctive sympathy with Brandon's clouded mind. He promised that the letter should reach Lady Dunluce, what ever trouble it might cost him to find her, and he kept his word with a dogged faithfulness that would have done honour to the strong* intellect. And thus, by tbe accident of a hey left in t loch—by one act of forgetfulncss on Mr. Carpels part—Brandon Mountford had been released from a living grave. " Have you made any plan for bis future ? " John Coverdale ashed, as he and Ladr Lun lnce walked up and down beside the privet hedge which divided the little garden from the road. "I thought if we could take him to EUers lic he might be happy there. He could have good servants. I could rely on Mrs. Morrison's earo of him " "Not to be thought of for a moment!" said Mr. Coverdale decisively. "In the first place EHcrslic would recall tbe tragedy which changed the current of his life; the effect upon his mind might be disastrous." "True, I forgot that. I hare lived down the horror of those associations myself, and I forgot. Yes; you are right." "EHerslie would never do. Remember tbe warrant against him. Wretched wreck as he is, he might be put through all the torture of a magistrate's inquiry—might be indicted for murder, and have to stand his trial—the result, a State madhouse. EUerslie would not do." "No, no; the risk would be too great. Then what do you advise ? " "Leave liim where he is for thepresent, per haps till the spring. I have made inquiries about these people, and they hear an excellent character in the neighbourhood—tho man a hard-working tenant farmer, whose father end grandfather worked on the land before him; the woman honest and God-fearing. Their connection with Mr. Carpew is simple enough. He was curate at the nearest parish church for a year before Lord Lunluce gave him tho living of St. Jnde*Ss and during that year he became very friendly with the farmer and hia wife. They are kindly people, Mr. Mountford will be perfectly safe under this roof till we can think of something better." " But what if the men who brought him here should remove him somewhere else, and we should lose sight of him again f" " I don't think that will be attempted. In the first place we must engage a trustworthy attendant, accustomed to such cases, who must be responsible to us for his safety, with a man under him, to relieve guard. I shall go straight from here to St. Jude's, and after I have talked with Mr. Carpew I don't think there will be any further attempt to interfere with this poor gentleman's liberty. The Vicar of St. Jude's will see the peril of his conduct in this business, when I put it before him as I mean to do." • * Ton may frighten him—hut he is only the too! of another and a wickeder man—a man who will not hesitate at a crime." And then Sibyl urged the necessity of re* moving Brandon STountford out ot the power and beyond the knowledge of the man who had hidden him from his fellow-raen in order to sustain the suspicion—the almost certainty— of his identity with the murderer of hTaria Arnold. 44 So long as everybody at Ardliston believed that Brandon was the murderer no one took the trouble to look anywhere else for the criminal," said SibyL 44 That must have been the end and aim of his imprisonment. To leave him in the power of his enemies would be madness; and how Can we be sure of his safety so long as Hubert Xfrquhart knows where to find him." 44 Sir. Urqnhart is your husband's brother. It seems a hard thing to suppose him such an unmitigated scoundrel." 44 Ask my husband for his brother's character if you doubt my estimate of him." 44 But surely he would not suspect his brother of murder r" "Perhaps not, but he would tell you he is vile enough to make any suspicion justifiable where he is concerned.* Bear Hr. Covcrdale, there is or.lv one thing to be done. We must get Brandon Sformtford out of this man's custody and into our own. Let us run all risks as to that warrant of ten years ago, and take him to Ellcrslie. He will be safe there with my housekeeper and my father's trusted sec retary, Andrew Olebar, a man who knows the true story, and who would go through fire and water to help me." " You cannot take him to Ellerslie, to the scene of the murder, without arousing curiosity among your neighbours. However few there are, there are enough of them to talk, and to revive the old story, and the old suspicions. If a few days hence he were to be arrested you would be sorry " 14 Yes, yes. Ton are right. It might be dangerous. Oh, 3fr. Covcrdale, what are we to do? We seemed hemmed round with difficulties. Here is a life—a poor ruined life—which has been given hack to me as if out of the grave. Am I to jeopardise it—loso it again? Think, think what can he done. Something must he done to save htm from tho villain who plotted against him. who id tie me his accomplice, in my blind folly." There was a silence, a silence that seemed interminable to Sibyl's anxiety, as John Coverdale walked slowly up and down the shingly path by her side. She ooald see that he was thinking profoundly, and would not interrupt his cogitations by a word. Her pitience was rewarded presently. He had thought oat a plan, which he submitted to her briefly. "My father basa shooting-box in .Argyll shire. He was therewith some friends, in August and September, but the place is deserted now, except for a keeper with his wife, and a few' shooting- dogs. I will telegraph to the hospital at Carlisle for aa attendant, wait here till he comes, and when he comes start at oace for Scotland with Mr. Mountford, if he will trust himself to me. I can install him in my father's cottage, in the care of the keeper and his wife, who are old servants, and will implicitly obey nty orders." "There could be no better plan. If Lord Workington will lend you his cottage." "No difficulty ahout that. A telegram will settle the business. I must wait here till the attendant can arrive from Carlisle. Yon can return to the Castle this afternoon, despatching mr telegrams from the nearest office on your way back." " Bat to leave you here—to take so much of your time." "Don't mind that. I was to have been in London to-morrow afternoon; bat one of my messages will be to tbe friend who is taking my duty, asking him to give me one more Sunday. By Monday or Tuesday I hope to have established your poor friend at the Hut, and from there I shall go straight to London. You may believe that I shall not abandon him rill I am assured of his safety." -i'l believe In your wisdom and goodness as I believe in Heaven. I can never thnuk yon enough for what yon are doing. He will thank yon, perhaps same day—better than I can—if the steady light of reason ever comes hack—thank you for life saved, reason restored." And then she gave htm a cheque for a hundred pounds, which she had written before leaving the. hotel, for travelling" and other . expenses. She begged him to be lavish—to use the power of. gold to the utmost. She would send further cheques as they were needed. * He smiled his grave sad smile at her eager ness. "It would he an impertinence - on my part to let you pay any charges I may incur on your kinsman's account," he said,, "hut there will not be much money wanted. And now may I send for yonr carriage and your maid ^ You must be anxious to be on your way home again. I can write the telegrams while the carriage is being brought round." "Yes, there is no time to lose. You will tell the house surgeon at Carlisle that the attendant is wanted for a friend of Lorl Dun luce. Ify husband is a supporter of the hospital. The authorities will do their utmost to oblige bim. But I am to see the doctor," she said, looking ut her watch. "It is past 12, and he was to be here at 12. I must wait to hear what he says about the journey to Scotland. And I may see Mr. Hbuntford once more before I go, may I not?" "Certainly, if you like." Sibyl went alone to the parlour where Brandon Hountford was sitting by the fire; while the fanner's wife, a kindly looking woman, was laying the table for a meal. "The gentleman has a very poor appetite," she explained, as she cut strips of toast to accompany a basin of broth. "It's difiBcnlt to get him to take his nourishment. He's nothing hut skin and hones, poor soul." Poor souL Pity, the pity for a wreck of humanity—that was* Brandon Mountford's portion now. He looked up with a sudden flush, and a brightening of the haggard eyes. "Ah," he cried, as if seeing Sibyl for the first time; "my messenger found you. Oh, my beloved, how I have waited and watched for you." He stretched out his wasted hand to her in passionate greeting. He had no memory of half an hour ago, when be bad greeted her with almost the same words. The evidence of a decayed intellect cut her to the quick. The doctor came into the room at this moment—a young man, but serious and intelligent, and seemingly interested in tbin case: * • He looked at his patient, sat by his side for about ten minutes, questioning and observing him; and then went into the garden with X*ady Dunluce. "Be frank with me," she entreated. "It 2s a very bad case, is it not?" ' " Yes, it is a bad case." "Incurable?" " One hardly likes to cull any disease in curable nowadays. Medical science has taken to working miracles. Surgeons are catting epilepsy ont of the brain as they cut cancer out of the body." 44 And with as much, or as little success V " "With the same possibility of success and the same hazard of failure, perhaps." 41 He ought to he seen by a specialist—a man who has made epilepsy the study of his life.9* 44 Yes, it would he welL by-and-by. for the satisfaction of his friends, ' that this poor gentleman should hare the benefit of the highest opinion. Bnt * there will be time enough for that when his bodfiy strength is restored, if it can be restored, by care and good nursing." 44 You fiudbim weak—seriously, dangerously ill?" 44 Hot dangerously ill, hut in a very low and feeble condition; in a state which wonld make any Illness dangerous—a chill, a fever, -an attack of bronchitis. He would have no resisting power." 44 He has beni cruelly treated, kept in worse seclnizon than if he had been in a madhouse— solitude, silence, dull rooms, no change of air and scene." 44 All very had, no doubt, in such a case as 44 And now it is proposed to take him a long journey—to Argyllshire. Can he bear such a journey?". 41 Certainly, as travelling is managed nowadays. He might be taken at night in a sleeping carriage, with the greatest 'care, and with someone in attendance to administer stimulants. There need be no risk in such a journey, weak as he is, if the drive from here to Keswick station is not made too fatiguing." 44 Care shall be taken—the utmost care. "We are sending to Carlisle for a nurse, but it you could spare the time to go with him, to super intend the journey, your fee should be anything yon like to name. In a case of this kmd there can be no question as to expense." " Ton are very good. If he were to travel j at night X X might snare "he time from | my other patients; and my fee should not he exorbitant. My practice is not a very re munerative one, and X have no pressing case jnst. now which would make my absence hazardous. I need not be away more than eighteen hours, if we travel hy the night maiL" •' Everything shall be arranged to suit your convenience. Tour presence will be a comfort to me and to Mr. Coverdale, who is taking my poor cousin to Scotland. And you will see the attendant, and give him full instructions as to treatment," continued SibyL. "I will do everything that thought or ; experience could suggest." "Then my mind will be at ease about him. j Please write to me Immediately after your 1 return, and I shall have the pleasure of sending you a cheque." I The doctor smiled, for he did not know even ! the name of this beautiful woman, whose ; earnestness and evident affection for that ruined life impressed him deeply. He asked no questions, for he knew enough about Lord Workington's son to know that he had to do with people of good position. The carriage was waiting at the little gate which shut off the garden from the rough accommodation lane that made the only approach to the homestead. Her ladyship's maid was there, and there were wraps and rugs enough in the open carriage for a journey to St. Petersburg. Once again Lady Dunluce went back to the farmhouse parlour, and alone with Brandon i Mountford this time, bent over his chair, and pressed her lips to his wan forehead. Oh, God! the memory of that first kiss in the garden at Ellerslie, before the coming of sorrow. This was the second—and it might be the last. Who could tell? He was ! vanishing from her right once more. Who could tell if life would ever bring them face to face again? "Life is so full of sad surprises," she thought, as she drove away from that quiet j hollow in the hills, remembering the sadden trouble of ten years ago, and in no wise fore- | shadowing that terrible surprise which was , waiting for her within the hour. [to BE COXZXXUED 2TEXT WEEK.] 