[?] ;? The Peer ai$ the Woman. } BOOK I. :??'?'? CHAPTER XL ; / Ghosts V . Marie arched her black oyebrows. She '; V7os surprised, but she was too well . trained a servant to show it. Miladi's '] wishes should be obeyed, she murmured. /. Tb'b subject should not be mentioned '' again by her, or by any one else if she could help it. At what hour would milndi please to rise ? Milndi made no reply. Her thoughts were otherwise engaped. A certain act ' of imprudence had just occurred to her. ?Marie,' she said abruptly, ' there is a newspaper in my rocking-chair. I 1 want it.. . Marie searched and shook her head. /There was no newspaper there. ' Well,; then, in the pocket of my 1 ' dressing-gown,' the mistress ordered sharply.' '' Marie took up the garment, shook out the folds, and felt in the pockets. They I wero empty. ? Then it must be on the floor by the aide of the chair,' her ladyship said anxiously. ' Marie: wont down on her hands and 1 knees, and looked about in all directions. Again her search was unsuccessful. 1 There was no paper anywhere about. Sbeg rose with flushed face, with her 1 coquettish little white apron all crumpled, and made her report. 4 Bring- mo my dressing-gown at I once,' ordered her mistress, in a strange, ' sharp tone. Marie obeyed, wondering, but in eilenco. She saw with surprise that her mistress's hands were trembling, and that she seemed deeply agitated. They searched about together for a few minutes, but in vain. The paper was gone. Lady Alceston was the first to aban don the search. Marie followed her ex ample at |once with a little sigh of relief. She stood before the glass for a 1 momenc to straighten her cap and hair. Behind her own face there she saw that 1 of her mistress, and its ghastly expression frightened her. ' ' Miladi is ill,' she exclaimed, turning quickly round. 'lam a little faint, Marie,' was the answer. ' Help me into the i bed.' Maria did so, keeping up at the same, time a running fire of half-admonitory, ' half- consolatory chatter. Miladi had ' over taxed her strength. She must have quiet and rest or she would not be able to attend the funeral. It was foolish to have got out of bed and upset herself about a newspaper. Thomas should go ?' out and get another one. Would Mil 1 cdi say what newspaper it was and what ' date she required ? Lady Alceston made no reply. She seemed not to have heard — certainly she ', did not heed her maid's sympathising V remarks. When she had finished she lV said simply : 'Tell Thomas to go to Lord Bernard's ' room, and ask him to come to my dress ' ing-room for a minute. I wish to speak ? to him.? ?£..?? Marie withdrew with hev head in ' in the air, a little offended. Maladi was making a great fuss about a news .'?' paper ; and fancy Bending for Lord Ber 1 nard at this hour in the morning ! It 1 was ridiculous. ? . She descended into the servants' hall, ; and delivered her message to Thomas. ;'? Instead of obeying her orders he shook ? his head. : ? 'Taint no use, my dear,' he said ' patrbnfsingly, ' Lord Bernard is hout,' 1 Marie stamped her little foot impetu ! , oualy. ' Nonsense ! Gone out, at this timo 1 of the morning ! You are too lazy to ! . go and see, you — you — gros bite ! ' ' Thomas grinned and sat down to his ?;'? breakfast. 1 ? Go it, mademoiselle,' be said. ' Oall mo all the names in your heathen calen ?V dar, if your like. It don't hurt me. I ' rather like.it.' | Marie tossed her head, and looked at V him with flashing eyes. ??;? 'Are your going to obey maladi, and ? deliver her message to Lord Bernard ??' she asked threateningly. i ' No, my dear, I am not,' Thomaa ?' answered, crossing his legs and sipping ;- his coffee slowly. ? ? And why not V ? Becanso I don't know whero to find '}: him.' ( 'He is in his room. He never rises ,; before noon.' ?'.-'? 'Well, he baa done so this morning, at any rate,' Thomas remarked. 'As I said before, he has gone but. I ought ?'?'.. to know, for I let hiurout myself.' ' ' Oat at thid time in the morning ! ? Why didnlt yon tell mo so beforo, then, ' Btupid 7' :: She stamped her foot at Lim and whisked out of the room. Thomas i leaned back in his chair and looked after :;,??, her admiringly.' ; ' What a little spitfire ho ia !' he soliloquised. ' Wonder what her lady ? f/ ship wants Lord Bernard for so early. ; Seems queer ! And his going out, too, : y and tliera noises in the night. Dashed ;: if it' don't' seem very queer ?' ! And ho would have thought it queerer still if he could hnve hoard the low, '?.??' mnfiled cry which broke from Lady 1 Alceston's white lips after Mario had ' jdelivered her mcssi.go and departed. '\ ? Ho has seen it !' sho moaned. ' He Gins gone there. Oh! if ho should — if -; iho should ? ' . t - CHAPTER XII. .AN EAST-END KUNEUAL. Two Mian, both young, but very dis similar in appearance, wore making their way through the purlieus of one of Lou don's worst slums. It was a fine, bright morning, and away westward toward Piccadilly and in Hyde Park the cheorful j influence of the warm, glowing snnlight : was vr-ry apparent in the smiling fnee3 | and light dresses of the gay throngs who passed up and down the brood streets. But here things were very different ; here the dancing sunlight could do little toward chasing away the gloom and squalor of the narrow streets and filthy courts. Nay, into some of them it could scarcely penetrate at all, and where it did it shone with a ghastly light on things that were better left in darkness — on the vice- stained, brutal faces of degraded, lounging men ; on women from whose hard, brazen faces all the grace and charm of womanhood seemed stamped out ; on children with the pinched, withered countenan ces of old men. Yet something of its influence had penetrated even hero. The men dragged, themselves to the doors of their miserable houses, and smoked their pipes in stolid silence on the threshold ; tho children strayed from the fetid courts into the open streets to play, and the toilers in the attics opened wide their windows, and looking up to the blue sky forgot for a moment their weary struggle for existence, and dreamed of other days. # 9 » To one of the two young men his surroundings were strange ; to the other they were very familiar. The one, there fore, walked steadily on with a shocked expression in his handsome face, and with tho evident air of trying not to look about him. The other, on the contrary, appeared perfectly at his ease, and looked about him, frequently tnrowing keen, observant glances out of his bright eyes into the faces of the little knots of men who lounged about outside the public houses and tho street corners. The for mer, Lord Bernard Alce3ton, in his deep mourning, a noticeable figure anywhere, looked as completely out of his element, and as incongruous with his surround ings, as a man well could ; the latter, Stephen Thornton, journalist, Bohemian, and, as he was fond of styling himself, adventurer, might have passed through the whole of Whitechapcl without at traoting a singlo glance, (7b be Continued.) 