THE MARVELS OF THE UNSEEN WORLD. LECTURE BY THE REV. F. J. WILKIN, M.A. The Baptist Chnrch was well filled last night, when tbe Rev. F. J. Wilkin delivered a highly instructive lecture. A hymn opened the proceedings, and the Rev. C. Pickering introduced the lecturer in a brief speech. As Mr. Wilkin explained, the somewhat imposing title of bis address bad no reference to tbe world of ghosts. Neither spook, spirit or ghool, materialised or shadowy, were invoked or thrown upon the screen. Instead of these, Mr. Clinch's powerful light reflected a great hairy monster, fnlly six feet in length with several huge legs and a pair of wings. The lecturer hastened to explain that this was not the product of a distempered fancy, bnt a mere common honee fly photographed and mag-, nified. This was startling enough but when one part of the terrible creature — the pro boscis — was shown by means of another slide as large as the former picture, a few dubious coughs broke tbe stillness which bad prevailed amongst tbe keenly interested audience. When Mr. Wilkin called for the eye of the house fly, a huge object several fett in diameter appeared, apparently per forated with round holes all abont the size of the boman eye. Now be explained that every one of these perforations waa an eye, and that as an ethnological fact the fly baa 2,000 eyes on each side of its head. Here tee coughing was so pronounced that Mr. Wilkin fonnd it necessary to assure the audience that he was 'detailing scientific facts whicb bad been demonstrated by the marvellous inves tigating power of the microBcope. The Wnpr AVAR, lift tViinfAi) nnf nra noneeeem because, the whole substance is a fix ture in the head of the fiy, and cannot be turned like those of a human being. Despite this drawback tbe audience ap peared to.be satisfied that the ordinary honse pest is pretty well furnished in the matter of optical appliances. As tee lec turer remarked it was made very plainly evident that there is little chance of getting on the blind eide of a fly. There is only one spot that the range of the insect's vision does not cover, and that is just under its nose. In fntnre onr readers will remember teat tee best way to assassinate a boose fly is to ap proach him from underneath his nose. Mr. Wilkin explained the nses of tbe fly, which be described as God's scavenger, keeping tee world clean and fit for human habitation, by the constant aeonmn- Ution of minute atom life an the legs, and the destruction of tee same by tbe pro- cess of cleaning off and consuming tee mat ter. Other flies were shewn, and in de scribing the nsea of tee antenna, the lecturer alluded to the now popular theory of the sixth sense, which scientists claim explains tee mysterious mutual understand ings arrived at between creatures utterly unable to express themselves save by touch. The 'greatest jumper in ail tbe world was shown with the dimensions of a fair- sized pig, the speoies whidh pre fers tee close companionship of men and women, and those who fancy dogs and cats being all shown. Mr. Wilkin referred to the phenomenon in nature which provides that every living thing is preyed npon by its own special parasite, and quoted, mate to the amusement of tee audience: — Great fleas have little fleas, Upon their backs to bite 'em. And little fleas bave lesser leu, Anil so ad injbutam. The lecturer passed on to the sheep tick. Thrown npon the screen the in- sect conveyed a realistic impression of a squatter s hideous dream induced by a long and fatiguing day at tee dip. Tbe sacking month and tbe daws enlarged, showed bow ' the insect hangs in the wool and feeds on the ani- . maL Mr. Wilkin remarked teat the tick was once a fiy or winged insect, bnt finding . a home in tbe wool of tee Bheep it ceased to use tbe wings, and they con sequently f disappeared. 'The unvary ing law of use and disuse pro vided that when an. organ was not need it was eveotnally lost, while those in use became strenghtened and developed. It is possible teat flockownera would not have -been .greatly .distressed -if tee tick had remained a lly, aod had nei er grown so affectionately attached bo Its present' home. The lecturer dwelt on the devastat ing phylloxera, and alluded to the wonderful piDcrealive power ' of the avis. One insect is capable of . producing ten tiibnreibds'- millions 'In : one' season and tee fearful ravages of the "..little yellow spot" which marks "tee" presence of Phylloxera, wben unchecked, were left to the imagina tion. The hydatid came next, and Mr. Wilkin -uttered words of -warning to those present to . adopt the advice of medical men and ' filter or boil their drinking water lest dogs might have bathed in or drank of it preyiposto nse. Entertain ing references to spiders -were made, and the pictures showed tee gaeatpowerand wonder ful physical construction .and resources jff the tribe." The big grey spider, fpr instance, iassedsSts prey with a. long whip-like claw, and "may be -said to have UBed this method of bringing down big game long be fore tee red Indian dreamedof.fL Beetles with 24,000 eyes eatewere shown and teen followed illustrations of tee minute of plant life -and tbe tiny shells , from ' white; after their infinitesimal organsima drop out,' Is -formed limestone .sad 'snbsegBMitiy matblm An impressive reference to tee powerofteB microscope tobring home tbe unseen .mar. vels of -Gods handiwork was xnsde, and- tee lecturer concladed svith anillnatrs ted sketch ejBaplwt Home Mission work "inkier Ybtesir teanks -were carrisaiy tteEct?. €. .Pickering to Mr. WflkbC end'hyrMi. Imetdtoj fine litjht. JThe Ml? 