LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Weather and Health Report.— With the exception of a thunderstorm on Tuesday eveu ing, when some refreshing showers fell, ; the weather has continued fine, although at times threatening. That winter has not , finally taken its leave has beeu demonstrated by frosts still being experienced, that of yester day morning being white and sharp. The cold naturally checks the growth of grass and herbage, which have l-eeu benefited by the rain. Colds and influenza are still prevalent, fortunately taking a severe form in only a few instances. Mrs. Rogers, wife of SeniorCon stable Rogers, has been very ill,, but thanks to good nursing and kind attention we are glad to say she lias passed the dangerous stage, and is now slowly recovering. The accident to Mr. Rogers on Tuesday night, when be had his right collar-bonc broken, came at a most awkward time; but we sincerely hope all sickness will soon depart from his household. Salvationists in Coraki. — During the past few days two Salvation Army lasses have been preparing the path for the holding of a meeting in connection with the Army at Coraki, and it is whispered that they will open fire against his ' Satanic reverence' to night (Friday). We trust they will succeed in getting the upper hand of old Beelzebub, in this locality, and institute a better condition of affairs amongst some people, although it is said Coraki people are quite as good as average mortals. Tliat the Salvation Army have takeu up the work that the Churches should do, and are not afraid of work and self-sacrifice in their endeavors to raise fallen man, is generally recognised ; and while many may not approve of their mode of worship, it matters little so that the end is good. It is in large cities, more especially amongst fallen women, that the u anvintr hnnd ' nf tlia Antw ia annliml wi't.h good effect, ami many a drunkard tins also been rescued from the downward course by the intercession of these 'servants of the Lord.' No doubt recognising the good moral tone prevailing in Coraki, the descent upon this town was left until after attacks had been made upon all the other towns— more sinful no doubt — on the river. We have no heard if there will lie a baud in attendance ; but unless there is the service will be something like the play of ' Hamlet,' without the ghost scene.' The ' lasses ' have beeu active in paving the way for a good meeting, which we trust will be orderly. Entertainment and Dance. — The members of the Casino Amateur Musical and Dramatic Co., whose performance iu Casino recently was pronounced to have been the best enter tainment ever produced there hy amateurs, announce that the 'Rippling Water Circle ' will be produced in the Bridge-street Hall, Coraki, on Wednesday evening next, anil will be followed by a dance. The management is in the capable hands of Mr. E. Leonard, aud Miss Nellie Hurlaml (late of Cowan's Co.), who occupies a high position as a ballad singer, will make her re-appearunce, the com pany in all numbering 20 artists. The press notices of the entertainment in aid of the Ellem family at Casino a few weeks ago were very flattering, and our correspondent pro nouueed the performance the very best ever attempted by amateurs in that town. A genuine musical aud dramatic treat can there fore be counted upon by all who patronise the company on Wednesday next, and the ad mission (including dance) is set down at the modest sums of 2s anil Is. As we approve of encouraging local talent, we hope the Coraki people will extend their patronage to the visitors from the sister town. Seed for Farmers.— The first intimation we have seen having reference to the distribu tion of seed to farmers is contained in the Grafton papers. It appears that a telegram was read at the lust meeting of the Borough Council there, front Mr. J. See, M.P., stating that early application would have to be made by farmers desiring to obtain seed from the Government for this year's planting. The message came as a surprise to the Aldermen, as few persons were aware that seed potatoes and wheat were lieing distributed to farmers in the country ; but such, says the Examiner, is the case, ' for we notice that last week 43 tons see l potatoes were dealt out at East Maitlaud, and 130 applications were received from distressed farmers at Morpeth. The seed was a splendid sample, having been pur chased at Guyra and lilauk Mountain, in the New England district.' If any fanners in tlie U69CMD UUIIOIIICItlllUH LHBJ Ure Uie frequently flooded-out settlers on the Rich mond, and we wonder that no word has lieen received from our membei-s concerning the help. At the same time, we would warn our farmers not to be in too great a hurry apply ing for the assistance, as they will be expected to pay for the seed later on. Ascertain the price, and, if it is reasonable, by all means avail yourselves of the offer. Central R.R. Agricultural Society. — The first meeting, and an important one, of the general committee will he held in the Bridge-street Hall to-morrow (Saturday) after noon, when we hope to see a full attendance. The date for holding the first show will be amongst the business to be considered, there fore the various iuterests should be represented at the meeting. A Broken Collar Bone.— On Tuesday night, while Senior-Constable Rogers, of Coraki, was returning from Wyrallah, where he had been on official business, his horse tripped and fell with him about a mile from the ferry. Mr. Rogers received a nasty shaking, aud on getting up discovered that his collar Ixine was broken. Mr. Blakeney was with Mr. Rogers at the time, and accoinpanicd him intotowu, where Dr. M'Douagh att- nded to the fracture, and,, although somewhat dis abled, our worthy peace officer is now about. We hope he will not suffer any permanent inconvenience from the break. Visit ok Bishop Doyle. — The Very Rev. Dr. Doyle, R. C. Bishop of Grafton, arrived in Coraki on Saturday last, aud held services in St. Juseph's'Church on Sunday, morning and evening. There was a very large congre gation at the 11 o'clock service, including many Protestants, and the Bishop preached an able sermon. His lordship returned to Lismore on Monday morning. The Coraki Ferry.— 'Hie obsolete ferry system at Coraki still holds its own, and the demands ot a suffering public are apparently treated with contempt. It is the duty of the Council to ' keep pegging away,' and if the Civic representatives are really in touch with the people they will not waver in the agitation until something to improve the present method of crossing the river is secnrcil. The delays and inconvenience occasioned to people who have to cross the river are such as would not be tolerated in any other community huving the population and occupying the position Coraki does, and are evidences of a want of character and determination iu the people. ETorses for London.—' The Pastoral Fiuance Association, Limited, will this month make the largest shipment of horses to London which has yet left here in one bottom. The animals are n carefully selected lot of draught, saddle, and carriage horses, and include a few polo ponies. They will lie despatched about the end of this month on the S.S. Gulf of Lions, hy the Suez route. Death of an Old Resident.— On Tuesday Mr. Hugh M'Phee, formerly the proprietor of a sugar mill near Woodburn, but for many years past a resident of Southgate, passed away at his residence on the Clarence River. Deceased, who was widely kuoyvn and re 8j*ct«d, had attained the age of 68 ytnrs. . -'|g%u on Bobbie ifpTISit poMMr subject for a lectirie c&|d Miciien fban^the Ploughman Pom,' Wd o ii*W capes- 1 dajTWa^icg next the Rev.iW.'F. Crwigi^will' dfcliver a lecture on Robert Burns; to/ Davis's .Hall, South Woodburn. Mrs. J. Hart, of LUmora^/whoee talent in the rendition of Scotch song* is widely known, has kindly cou jMnUd'to^iaSbt by sinning aotne tif tNelavorite poek's sweetest -'Bongs. --The charge for ad inisMoa-lwu bventixedatthu motlerat««ura oi ls, and thupruceeds will be. handed over to the local .Irosb^Ierian, Church i Committed. . There should be a full hall. RE'APPRAiaEBiENT. — We' again WmitiinfoliT' era of special area'leases that if they desire to have rc-appraisenient their applications, ac companied by 'a fee of £2 in cach case,'rafist reach the proper, authorises liefore the end of the current months Anti-Alun Lb ague. — A meeting is con vened for Saturday, 31st instant, to 6e held in Murray's Hall, Woodburn, to draw up code of rules, &o.;,;in couneotion with the above. Memorial to Worth. — It is the intention of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows throughout' New Smith Wales to erect a fitting memorial over the'grave of their late brother, Mr. Edwin Schofield, who was Grand Secre tary to the Order for a number of years, and whose 'services to Oddfellowship, extending over a lifetime, are acknowledged and highly appreciated- by - all brethren.- The Officers, (j rand master, and Board of Directors of the Grundy Lodge have invited country Lodges to assist in the movement, and the response, we believe, is such that a very haudsome monu ment will be elected over the grave of the late Mr. Schofield.'; . Shoalhaven SekdM aize.— M r. John Lang, of South Woodburn, announces in our busi ness columns that he has a supply of Shosl haven seed maize for sale. A Siost ok the Times.— In face of the fact that bank notes are legal tender in. New South Wales, aud t lint gold cannot be demanded fiom branches in the couutry districts, it is a significant sign of the times, and the way in which the banks are limiting business, to ob serve that the note circulation continues to contract. The banks are hoarding up the gold, putting the screw ou the unfortunate settlers who are in their grasp, and generally helping to crush what life is left out of the people. It. will be interesting to note 'tlie effect of the compulsory winding-up of the City of Melbourne Bank, the English creditors of which have arrived at the conclusion that they would rather have whatever they can get as soon as possible, than wait for possi bilities that might result in tlieui getting nothing. If Mr. Reid thoroughly understood the position of matters in the couutry, nnd the treatment some of the worthiest class of colonists have receive.! at the hands of the existing financial institutions, he would hurry up the establishment of a National Bank,'' which would tend to relieve, although not entirely removo, the present st rain ' caused by the grasping conduct of the so-culled banks. A Wholesome Check. —The London corres pondent of the S. M. Herald, referring to tliu elections in'Eugland nnd the effect of the Act recently passed to prevent candidates making charges against one another, observes : — ' The new Act dealing with election liliels, which was lushed through Parliament just before the dissolution, has put a check even on imaginative statements by candidates and their agents. You cannot even now hint that your opponent habitually beats his cook when lie is disappointed with his dinner, or that lie underpays his washerwoman.' Some such measure is want°d in this colony. A Smart and Logical Rejoinder. — During Mr. Piddiugton's speech in proposing the adoption'of tlie Aildress-in-reply, he said : ' He thought that the principle of laud taxation ou land values was capable of being made a mighty engine of social and industrial reform, aud the st rong support that great principle hail received throughout the country, was due to the circumstance that the majority of the people of the country thought iu the same way.' At this stage Mr. Crick interjected 'The majority has got no land.' Then came from Mr. Piddington the unanswerable re joinder, sharp and keen : 'If the majority had no land, it was a scandal to the country that allowed so much monopoly. (Cheers.) Many enlightened men believed that by the adoption of taxation on land values, gieat improvement might result to the condition of labor in this country.' Alleged Capital Offence.— At the Graf ton police court, on Tuesday, an aboriginal named Camira Jack was committed for trial at the Circuit. Court, to be held . in October, ou a charge of criminally assaulting a girl aged 12 years, daughter of Mr. \V. Power, u carrier at Jacky's Creek. A Plucky Rescue. — Wednesday's Northern Star says: — Yesterday while the river steamer Florrie wus coming up the river, u little girl, about five years of age, daughter of Mr. I. Harkowitz, storekeeper here, fell overboard while descending from the upper deck, anil be fore the fuct was realised by those on board the child had lieen left a long way astern. A Mr. Muuro, from\ the Clarence, who was a passenger, jumped overboard and swam to the child, just reaching her as she was disappear ing for the second or third time, anil he then supported her uiitil u small boat that hail put off from the shore came to her assistance. The occurrence took place below Wyrallah, and, although the child is suffering from shock caused by the immersion, we believe she will be uoue the worse for the accident. Mrs. Harkowitz, who was ou board herself, re ceived a great shock, and was almost frantic when she saw the child apparently drowning. The scene, and the mother s gratitude to the rescuer of her child, when restored to her, will not readily fade from the minds of those who witnessed the occurrence. Land and Income Tax and Exemptions.— Monday's Daily Teleyraph says : — The Go vernment, it seems, ure likely, after ull, to submit the Land and Iucome Tux Assessment Bill to the Assembly with the exemptions stated in such a form that it will be com petent for the House, in committee, to insert any sum lion, inemliers may consider advisable to put in. The idea is to put in the amounts approved of by the Assembly in the bill thrown out. by the Council iu italics. The effect of using italics is to practically. leave a blank iu the bill. In ' May ' it is laid down that all dates and the amounts of salaries, tolls, rates, or other charges were formerly required to lie left blank, but the more con venient practice of printing such matters , in italics is now adopti-d. The Government, Mr. Reid says, have the matter under con sideration, and if it is found that the rule can lie applied in connection with the Assess ment Bill, it will lie so applied. Legal Changes.— The Advocate ' reports that Mr. N. K. Ewing, solicitor ut Murwil lumbali, has disposed of his practice to Mr. P. Street, of Tenterfield, Mr. Ewing intending to apply to the Supreme Court of West Aus tralia for admission as a barrister ; and Mr. H. C. Hallidav, another well-known Tweed solicitor, has disposed of his practice to Mr. Marrack, of Kuinpsey. The Anti-Alien Movement.— Thus the Clarence Examiner ' There is a crusnilu against aliens on the Richmond, which looks very much like an outcome nf the recent elec tions. At a meeting at. Woodburu one of the speakers stated that there was a large number of Hindoos arriving on the river, who were employed in the cane industry.' It was even staled that they were atiout to erect a mill of their own. The speaker, though he advocated boycotting the aliens, admitted that he on one occasion engaged five Hindoos for a week, aud all they had to live on wus half-a-cwt. of flour and a shilling's worth of potatoes. They actually lived on 2s a week.' A Good Suggestion.— Mr. F. Clarke, the member tor the Mucleuy, lias a notice of mo tion upon- the paper to the effect that the future railway system of this colony should embrace the construction of light und cheap lines, commencing at tho head of navigation of the various rivers and extending westerly, so as to tap the richest agricultural land. The contract is a big one. It will be interesting to observe how it will be met. by the Minister for Works, and the position the Members for other cubital cmntitueucfeB wilt take up. 1 