Highway of life. By tie Rev. Joes Roeebtsos. Everv way of a man Is right in his own eyes, tut the Lord pondereth the heart.—Proverbs 2X1,3. One of the most striking things among the man/ striking things in your first visit to America is the absence of roads. Hardly have you left New York, with all its hustle and busy rush, than a few miles out in the country, you are amazed to" find the evidences of but .partial settlement, or you see buggies •waiting till the express passes, jolting up and down on half-formed paths. ^ It will require a century of road-making .to overtake what needs to be overtaken for •the accommodation of that vast country with means of traverse. But yet Americans are magnificent roadmakers in commerce and in ingenuity, although no turnpikes, or very few, are yet laid down on the broad bosom of the .United States. Are not all our "tips" in "trade from the Americans? Have they not gained the fame among the nations for inven tiveness and thoaghtfulncss, for striking out original paths? ilan is born a roadmaker. The little babe hardly leaves the cradle before it its path, totters its self-chosen way, and you have all made a road before you sit here in this service. - Roads have been made more difficult than that across the Alps, which Napoleon laid down lor the cannon and troops. -Roads, before which the Appian "Way, that Rome laid straight to the heart of its capital, is as nothing. Macadam is not in it compared with man naturally. Roadmakmg belongs instinctively and inherently to our bring. We make a road in the might of the personality that God gave us. "We make a road first and "chiefly in this life, and there is nothing wrong in that. Inventiveness is from God. Indi viduality is a gift of the Almighty. The son —it is a" credit to him if he find his father's boots too narrow for his ambitions step. It is a grand thing when the son lakes the position of his father as a stepping stone to higher things. Inventiveness, ambi tion, and a holy desire to excel, to make a road for your own feet, are from God. But what .the Spirit condemns here is that when we do make the road, whatever it be, it is always right in our own eyes. Alongside inventive ness we have got a little touch of what was at the heart of the devil when God hurled him from the pinnacles of heaven to the pit of hriL .Conceit! Pride! "When tou make your road you have a tendency to survey it, and dare to say, as God alone can say about a handiwork :. "It is good;" and the difficulty with man kind is getting them to admit that they Wnnf?w many a time from the start, that the road has the wrong dip, that instead of mounting the hill it is seeking the bottom. In Persia they have what is called "Hashserii." They smoke it in their hubble- bubbles. If you hare seen an Eastern with his hubble bubble you will understand how the " Has heesh " is inserted into his pipe and what is the result. The peculiarity of that drug is 'that .by its'use the senses are expanded, the eyes see what they vruuld never naturally see, the nerves get braced, the belt is pulled another and another hole, so that the bring feels braced, with senses magnified sometimes unreasonably. A little stream in front of a smoker of "Hasheesh" becomes a rolling Mississippi, a bird the size of a wren looks like a golden eagle. What is the benefit of "Hasheesh " apart from its deleterious effects, apart from the ruin it works on the nature—moral, physical, and mental—of the smoker? . The vision is unreal, the broad Mississippi is but a tiny streamlet, the golden eagle that seems to wheel in mid-sky, in the power of w'ng and beak, is hut a little tomtit. There are men that naturally have been smoking "Hasheesh." They got it with their no her's milk. You know the kind of man. Men whose duck-< are all swans, who have got a kind of exaggerated idea of their own im .portance; men who are peculiarly given to exaggeration. They see everything out of proportion. . The whole thing is visionary and unreal; and we all have a little bit of "Hasheesh." We are conceited naturally ; and the road that we make seems just the very thing—right in our own eyes: and when the Holy Spirit says it is wrong, we don't like it. God's first action with a man whom He is going to save is to bring him down from his high-headedness. "Paul, get off that horse; yon will never be saved on horseback. Come down from your mightiness. The road that you. made is wrong and not right" The haughty look and the high thought are an abomination to God. " Unto m«n will I look, unto liim that is humble." And there is mo humility apart from the Spirit of God. Take a man naturally, and he is swelling with pride. It has been infused into him by the devil at the start It is the mark of our fall.— It is. (he thing infernal that is at the core of our being—pride, lack of humility. We make the road and we admire it. Do you know why you put your hand—-or ought to put your hand—to your mouth when vou yawn ? Hie re is deep philosophy in it You have there a marvellous instance of the lingering of super stition. It is not an instinctive action. The savages don't do it Dr. Livingstone ravs, in bis books on Africa and other travels, that it is a mark of civilisation. And antiquarians have gone into it, and it is this: It arose in the :Middle Ages, when the lives of men were full of superstitious ideas. The devil, they say, goes into a man ly his mouth. Ah! if thev would onlj havelistened to Jesus! They hacL the same idea in His day, and He said, "It is not what goes in, but what comes out!" Rut the old idea of the devil's indwelling in a by physical admittance, apart from the consent of the will, said: "If you keep your mouth rirnt, he will never get in. But when the devil thinks he has waited too long he begins to make you yawn, and then when you do it you have to make the rigu of the cross to keep him out." That is the origin of it, the making of the sign of -the cross to keep- the devil out. I-"wish we could in all honesty fulfil that • idea and keep the month closed from the devil of pride.- It is far more drfficnlt not to say any thing- at all about yoursrif or your road, than it is.to speak depreciatively of your efforts. Often the folded hands and the downcast eyes and the depreciatory words are hut a disguise for a swelling heart of'infernal pride. The spirit does not like it, does not like boasting, does not like the idea that our own attainments are from ourselves. God will have the glory. Sappy the man that 6ays, *' The road I make is all wrong, the mad that I make is all un trustworthy. By nature I was lost, hy nature every action, every foot of the pathway that I laid down was sin." *5 The ploughing of the ears thA TTnlr fitinst- 41 k sin." wicked," says the Holy Ghost, " is sin.' Terrible doctrine that! There is nothing good by nature, that all good is derived fr m God; but it is true. The heart of man naturally is a nestofunclean birds. SaysProfessorDruramond, "Develop the angel in you." "What if I have no angel to develop ? "What if I am conscious of this, that till have to develop isof thedevil? Develop the angel in the depraved and lust? The angel is gone; the devil has come. Man's de pravity is a doctrine of Scripture. Tbereisnofall upwanL It is descent^ not ascent, as this Word is true. Have you been convicted of sin ? Have you had enough of your own road making? .Haveyon had enough of it? Your bleeding fingers^ your weary,' aching bones, man, would surely tell you that your own road-mating is a failure. But* you trill never, never, never take that narrow path that leads to Calvary till you realise this; that your own way is death—that your own way leads to hell and not to heaven. The right test of a road is where it ends; not what it is like for a number of yards, bnt where it cads—whether it goes amid its me&nderings; up hill and down dale, across parishes; it goes direct to the capital. The best turnpike road to Glasgow from Stirling would just be the turnpike that leads to Glasgow Cross. You might make the best road that ever Macadam made, that ever General Wade mide in the Highlands, where he won his fame at road-making, but if it does not come to the Cross there it is not a good Glasgow road—it is no Glasgow road at all, "But," you say, "look at the macada mising. It is perfect. Look at the smooth ness." Yes, but it-is no Glasgow road if it does not lead to Glasgow. So, brother, point me to the road that yon have made by nature. You havedotted it here and there with achieve ment. You have been to college, and the prizes you took there may be lining the bookshelves. The road yon have made may be beautiful in arrangement, cultured, educated, moral and respectable; but, unless it leads to God, unless it leads to the pearly gates, to the City of Light, it is no road for life. It is the death road, not the life road. The road is judged by its end. The old heathen moralists were drawn sharply np by death. Seneca and Plato put down their rules for their studious youths, and they made a beau tiful road of philosophy, but they came to a chasm that they could not bridge. Death was always the inexplicable. Ob, Death! Dark abyss, there is no bridge can be flung j over tbee that man ever made, xrom yueens fcny yonder yoa can srving the girders of the Forth* bridge from shore to shore, and the wares defeated in their course may hiss in* effectually around the pillars, bat who is the engineer that will cast a bridge over death ? Who will undertake the contract to fill np the great pit that is before me bnt a few yards ? Will any earthly philosophy ? "Will any scientist undertake'to lay down a footway for this immortal soul? They tried it, those heathen philosophers. When they saw a dead body, what did they do ? They came to the side of the corpse, that lay still in the royal dignity of death, and thcr took a Roman coin (this was their solution of tho problem of death) ; they tool; a Roman coin, and, stretch ing the fingers that were rapidly stiffening, they put the coin in, and closed the fingers again. That was the bribe to Charon to ferry them over the dark river of death ; it was the boatman's fee. That is all they can do. And in the Caacombs, in the cemeteries of Greece and Rome, yon will get them yet, with the coin yet unclaimed. The ferryman never took it oat of their fingers. Dear soul, though these philosophers failed in their , ideas, don't you believe that the modern philosophers have any better settlement. Don't yon, as yon value your immortal soul, take any of their bridge buildijigs across the river of death Their theories would do very well, if you had not to die, to die! to die! But when 1 have to die, when I see yawning before me a chasm that an angel's wing will hardly manage to traverse, 1 say, " Heathen philosophies, all your speculations and theories are no good." The Word of God says that every way of a man is right in his own eyes, but we. need a way that is right in the eyes of God. What does God say? Not what does your bookwriter say. He will swear for his own gospel; "but what docs God say ? And God condemns all the theories that cannot bndge death. There is only one Gospel that has bridged death, only one* glad tidings ever proclaimed on this earth that turned death into a sleep, that was able to change those inscrip tions of despair in Rome into blessed hope. The first Christian inscription is that of a young lady who left her life of pleasure for Jesus; and shedied. What will they write on her tomb ? Will it be the old heathen inscrip tion? Will it be the old dull echo from the tomb of despair? No; put it Valtritt dormil— '^Valeria sleeps." Oh, what a change Chris tianity mokes 1 Blessed change that Christ has made in this earth when we can welcome the shadow as the gathering brightness of heaven. I want to put the crown on the brow of Jesus Christ, as i the only roadmaker that will bridge the tomb, j Believe Him I He alone can lay down what i will fill np the dark shadow. * I One morning, after a severe storm, when the j giants of the forest had crashed to their fall, j the bridge had been swept away during the j night; and yet foot traffic was not suspended I the next day. AVhat had happened ? Across | the Highland torrent there had been hurled an i oak tree, Yonder from the bank his arms he had spread across the chasm, and as good a bridge in the fall of that oak was there as in the bridge of yesterday. What is the philo sophy of this life ? What is the claim of Jesus Christ? It is this: By His death He has abolished deathand brought life and immortality to light. Oh terrible storm of the "wrath of God, when angels fell from high heaven, when sin entered the world, when on Calvary we see the Son of God bow beneath the load of wrath! Bat He is dead! He has bridged the chasm! By His death we have life I The Lord pondcrath the heart, and the man that trusts in Jesus Christ is the man that has bridged death. Blessed death of Jesus! Glorious atonement, I want to honour Thee—-I want to clnim for Thee, my blessed Lord, the uniqueness of Thy work. All roads stop sharp, all .philosophies' of' man Jail utterly short, but the blood of the Son of God, the forgiveness of Jesus, is the bridge that bridges the grave. Jesus has abolished death. The funeral procession of thr late French President took hours to pass. A very touching thing on the President's bier that carried him to the tomb was a rose from every town in France. A wonderful testimony, when all the towns from the north to the south, from the east to the west, placed a rose'on. the president's tomb! Blessed Jesus, on Thy grave, as they cany Thee to it, there from Calvary's cross, wilt there be no rose from any heart ? Will we not p3e the bier of the Son of God with roses of gratitude, with the roses of the heart's devotion ? Whose. to place a rase on the grave of Jesus? Has He solved the problem to yon? - Has He made the road that you have to tread on down through the dark valley to the steps of light? Blessed Jesus Christ, Thou wilt get the rose of my heart. - Thou dead Christ! Thou crucified Saviour! That is the uniqueness of Christianity. It is the death of Jesus that, though men soont it as a stumbling block to their natural pride, is my glory. The " death of Jdsu3? I have no Jesus if He did not die; if He were not a sacrifice for me a sinner, it is all blank, and chill, and dark and dismal, this grare. Bat because Jesus Christ died for me I "know it is straight for heaven. When the old charger of Alexander was purchased and tried before Philip, they could not mount him. That steed refused to be mounted, and he had cost almost the whole Treasury of Philip of Macedon. What is to be done? Let him go? "No," said the youthful Alexander, " I will mount him." "Afy son," said Philip, " you don't know what , you are saying. These experienced warriors' and renowned horsemen, havo failed. How do you expect to succeed, thou young stripling of mine?" Let me try. father," he said. And noticing that the horse had always reared - at his own shadow, the youth turned him round, with the wide nostrils of him right to the sun, and the horse, when he faoed the sun, cast no shadow save a shadow behind him, and the Macedonian boy that was to - become the con queror of the world mounted him, and he rode him straight towards tho sun, and Bucephalus was the steed of a hundred victories for him. That is the secret of life, my "young brother. Don't let these philosophies and opinions of men that arc about you casting shadows you. Turn your life to the Son of God. Turn your life to Jesus Christ, and yon can succeed, and you will suoceed, and yon will step it as a warrior, on and on and on, on the good, broad, solid foundation of the road that stretches from Calvary to highest heaven. "Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine; '* Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!" Hear of salvation, are you on the firm road that leads to heaven this day, in the death of Jesus Christ? 