THE NOVELIST, "THE ONE MAID FOB ME." ohapter" xxviii. 'Ob, don't quarrel with him, father. If you do, I shall never aee him again. His anger fa ao deep and silent, as a rulo you do not know it; and he would be silent for ever afterwards. If you quarrel with him, I am ure that ho will never come near mo any more ; and — nnd, father, I want so much to ee him soon. I must see him soon, father, or I shall die I' My own darling, my little daughter,' said the father aadly, ' do you remember what I told Baail Thorndyke when I gave yon into his earel I eaid that, if ho was not always kind to you, that, if he ever ceased to lovo you, or caused you a moment's pain, I ehould never forgive him ; nnd I meant it, Bethany.' 'Yos, dear, I know; but thou he has always been kind to mo— always ; and — and I have caused him a good doal of pain, you ee, at — at different times. At any rate, he has not ceased to love me— I am certain of that. It could not be. No, dear father ; do wait a little while yet— just a littlo while longor— and soon— perhaps to-day, perhapB by-and-by — who can tell 1 — ho will write to you or to me.' My ohild, my little Tomtit, you must not distress yourself in this manner. It is wrong and against the doctor's orders ; and, besides, it hurts mo to see you cry, Tomtit. We'll let the mattor rest a while, if you prefer it. We will do whatever you wish.' Father dear, I— I have not been altogether blameless, you know,' sho sobbed penitently. ' It was right perhaps that be should be angry with me at first— just at first; but — but not to the extont of — of ' ' He has been too hard on you, my darling,' the yeo man said firmly, holding her small hand within his strong rough palm, ' what ever be the fault you committed. You were my own littlo daughter ; and ho should havo understood that you were incapable of doing aught in your life to cam so stern a punish ment, 'It is excellent to have a giant's strength ; bat it is tyrannous to use it like a giant' However, Tomtit, we'll say no more about it for the present; until you nro Stronger we'll forget it ; ' and Bethany, with her faoe turned aaide among tho pillows, had only moaned in reply — oblivion, abo knew, would not come at command. Ths tremulous shnfts iof tho western sun were failing aslant on tho rose-wreathed window when Bethany at length opened her languid eyes. Old Debbie, in fumiliar black poke-bonnet and Bhort lavender print gown, sat opposite to ber in tho sunlight regarding her with the gruve concerned air of a privileged nurse. 'Ab, Debbie' — stretching out her limp lily-hand—' they have let you come up, then 1 I did not hear you.' ' i thought you was asleep, dearie, so i came in very Boftly,' said old Debbie. No, indeed, Bethany protested, with a dim little smile, she was not asleep, she was sure, though it was possible that she might have been dreaming with her eyes half closed, if Debbie could understand that. And Debbie said, with a aoloran shake of the quilted poke — ' Dearie me. what a ghost you do look, to be sure, Mies Bethany — for ' Miss Bethany , and nothing else you must alius be to me I And how time slips by. Why, 'tie getting on now for six weeks or more since that day when you come and tumbled down all of n heap, dazed-like in my kitchen. And what an inBide turn-over you give me. And thero, if i live to be as old (as Methuselum before the flood, i alius says to myself, i never shall forget the master's face, poor gentleman, when i tied on my bonnet and ran across tho meadows and told him as bis pretty young daughter, that was only married a twelve- month ago came noxt november, was a-lymg thero on ray bed at homo at the very door o' death, as you may say. Dear, dear, what a set-about there was, to be eure. And, when they come and fetched you away in a ehut-up carriage, I never, never thought to aee you again alive, my dear ; that I never did. But there you are, thank the Lord, in the flesh and blood ; though you do look fitter for tho next world than this, and ns whito as Lazarus coming out of the tomb I' Old Debbie prolonged her visit until past tea-rime, rambling on with much enjoyment about many doleful things ; and, when she went away, well satisfied in the twilight, aho Said — Well, he was a nice young gentleman, I must say — one of the nicest I ever canto aoross;. but there — the best and the nicest on 'em, I suppose, have their quips and their fancies. Mankind be tarrable uncertain and difficult to manago, and nothing '11 please 'em or is good enough for 'em sometimes. It soems only the other day as I flung tho olo shoo after ye both for good luck; and now— Well, well,' old Dobbio broko off, hunohing up her shoulders expressively and tying her bonnet strings the while. 1 'tis a world of sorrow at the best ; and now and again tho young ones among us find it out sooner than the old ones do. But when nil's said and done, 'tis tho Lord's will ; He knows best, it's right to beliove. True enough it is ray own poor old dear hissolf he walloped mo once, years an' years gone by,' Baid old Debbie mournfully, 1 when ho was a stripling and I was a lass ; but then, I remember, I deserved it. I aggravated his nature until he couldn't bide still in bis chair, I reincmbei, till at last ho up and walloped me well for ray pains ; nnd I was all tho bettor and wiser for it afterwards, it never happened twicu —there was no call for it. So good night, Miss Bethany dearie, and God bless you.' Then old Debbio wiped her eyes with her block bonnet- strings and went her homeward wsy aoross the meadows, OHAPTER XXIX. Sybil Markiiam ' often came homo from Fieldfare to sit for an hour or two with Bethany in those convalescent days, which seemed to her so interminable and so dull with nothing whatever to do from morning until night. Novels no longer interested her, though, she dipped into one occasionally ; the half-mourning question was settled at last ; the dogs, with all their alert affection, fflttld ngf talk to Jier, bard as they tried sometimes ; and ao — her father being muoh 1 away just now in tho distant barley-Holds, I and Hnldah and cousin Liza groatly ocoupied with household matters down-stairs, | not the least amoDg which, as of yore, was tho constant replenishing of tho wot wooden bottlcB at tho cellar-flap in tho court-yard hard by tho kitchon door — Bethany grow weary of Bitting alono in hor pleasant old bow-window up-stairs and watching all day tho still green landecapo glimmering through tho soft blue hazo. Therefore Sybil camo over whonover olio could, and prattled of old times and of Mr. Bob Browne. 1 Thft WpHrlinc in fn hnnlinrfiv vnn Irtinw Bomo tirao boforo Christmas. Bob will not wait,' she answerod, blushing nnd laughing, ono afternoon. 'Indeed, dear — so Boon!' said Bethany, with her wan little smilo. 1 Well, I hope sincerely that you will be happy, Sybil — happier than ' I ' I havo been,' alio was on the brink of saying ; but sho stopped in time and aubstitutcd, ' Happier than any body over was before.' 1 Thank you T cried Miss Markham in her airy way, ' Since evil wishes nover prosper — so they say — good wishes, on tho contrary, should always come true. I am euro I shall be happy as tho day is long. Bob is so good and unselfish you know.' Sho had tried frequently, by various blandishments, to gain in full tho confidonco of Bethany on the delicate subjeot of her grievance with Basil and her sorry return to her father's house. But, cleverly sb Sybil angled, she fished without success Bethany wns not to be entrapped into an admission of any sort touching the tragedy which had blighted her joy and sovored her from the one she loved dearest on earth. Hor father and Huldah and cousin Liza knew all about hor troublo— that was enough ; tlioro wns no reason why tho story should be published from the houso tops of Stratton, which undesirable event would speedily follow, once lot tho real facts of tho caso bo placed within the ken cf Sybil. ' We have quarrelled ; I can tell you no more,' Bethany said quietly ono day, witli a far-away look io hor pensive oyea as thoy fell beneath tho Btare of her inquisitive com panion and rested on tho lovoly dim blue of tho horizon. ' it was best, I supposo, that we should part — for a while at least. It will be ail right again between us— by-and- by.' ' I hope so, I'm sure,' said Sybil heartily, yot secretely rcsonting Bethany's invincible reserve. 'It mast bo wretched work quarrelling with one's husband almost indeed before tho honeymoon is over. On another occasion Sybil said abruptly. yet not perimps with a notion of alighting upon soiuothing interesting by tho sudden ness of her descent in this direction — Bethany tliue taken unawares, alio thought, might bo precipitated iuto involuntary confession, since cajolery and artifice had alike failed to effect the desired end — ' Oh, Nightingale Court, the Thorndyke's place is in Hertfordshire — it must be a grand old house from all I hear about it I Isn't it t How you must have enjoyed it all, dear, when you were there I' 'I did,' eaid Bethany dreamily. 'It is a lovely old house, and— and they were every thing that was nice to me when I first went amongst them all ns a stranger, I did not feel like a stranger long,' ' Humph I1 said Mise Markham, with a waggish twinkle in the corner of her eyes, Botbany dear, how funny it would be if ono of tkeso days you should find yourself Lady Thorndyko and mistress of that swagger country place I How would you liko it— ch 1 Basil — Mr. Thorndyko, of courao, I moan — is noxt door to tho heir, or something very like it now, is he not 1' 'You nre talking nonsenso, Sybil. I have nover thought about being Lady Thorndyko ; I have no wish to be. If— if you knew — understood— you would not say such thing; you would not 1 ' Shouldn't I dear Oh, woll, never mind ! Still, if you ever should he, don't you know — and thero's no telling what may happen — I hope you won't feel too proud and exalted to como and sco mother at Fieldfare some time, and Bob nnd mo at Stratton. We shall have tho 'o' to our nnmc — do not forgot that. Wo shall not bo common ' Brown' whon wo arc married.1 ' I wish you would not bo bo silly, Sybil ; you really tiro one witli your senseless talk. I am not jokiug ; you do indeed I' 'Do I, darting 1 I nm so sorry! Then I go away. Oh, but do you know — I moot toll you I About a month or so ago, when Bob came over to Fieldfare one ovening, he brought a society paper with him ; I forget which — 'Truth,' I think. However, in one of the paragraphs thero wob something about the Thorndyko family. It mentioned that a Captain Thorndyko — the ono, I imagine, who sent you that pretty looking-glasB as a wedding- present — had been killed ono night in a carriago accident while driving homo from a ball or something ; nn inquost had to bo held, it seamed, and the verdict was Accidental death.' But tho paragraph hinted that thero wob a suspicion of mystery attached to tho whole affair, and tho family had dono all in their power to hush it up decently, Was that correct, I wonder i Tlioso society journals arc such tantalising things always. Did you know much— any thing — of iliis Captain Thorndyku?, asked Sybil curiously. ' I knew him well,' answered Bethany, in a low tone. 'Was ho nieol Was he handsoino 1 Did you liko him ?' cried her friend eagerly. ' For myself, 1 liked liini very much — sometimes — perhaps because now and ngain ho was singularly like Basil. Thoy wuru first-cousins, you know, and tlioro wns a likeness in many ways ; though some people could nover see it.' Sho spoko hurriedly and shivered a little. ' Sybil, do you miiul shutting the window for mo, ploaso — there is a draught.' Bethany changed tho subject forthwith in a manner there wne no gain saying. ' Ob, Sybil, we shall soon he think ing of the harvest home-again, shall we not V she said. ' But this time I am afraid I shall see nothing of it. Do you remember what happened at our last harvest-supper, Syliil i' ' I'm not quito suie that i do,' replied Mies Markham absently. Her reflections at that ' moment were harking back to mysterious paragraphs in society journals ; it was | maddening when they were done in suoli a manner that it was impoBBible for nn out- ' , older liko heracl/ to fathom (heir real significance. 'What was it, doarl Any thing particular f : Ob, Sybil, what a memory ' Bothany exclaimed, with a reproachful look, clasping and unclasping thoso small thin wbito bands fovorishly in hor lap. 'Basil proposed to mo on that, ovening after our first dance in tho barn 1' ' Why, to bo Buro ho did I I remembor now. How etupid of mo to forgot I Ah, woll, let ua hopo that you and ho wilt dance togother again in tho barn this year ! Mr. Goring is a rich man now ; and ho was Baying to Dick only tho morning in tho Held tnat no moant too strollers and tho rest of them to havo a high old time of it this year. Of course Mr. tioring did not say that oxactly — they woro Dick's words.' ' No,' soid Bothany mournfully, ' I aha'n't be tlioro this year, Sybil. It woe but yestorday that I asked Doctor Smith whothor I might not como down nnd sit in tho ceder parlour, or anywhero clso, just for a cliango — I didn't care wlicro it was — and ho said at once ' Decidedly not,' because tho stairs, up nnd down, would bo too much for me ; but that's all nonsenso. Father could carry mo if that was all. I liko Doctor Smith — he's a cheerful littlo man — but ho ie very fussy and unreasonable, Sybil.' 'Yes, dear, ho is an old pig,' said Sybil, with a sort of vicious sympathy. Her busy thoughts yot dwelt on society paragraphs, which told by far too sketchily between midnight and dawn; and— and — woll, to eay tho least, it was oxasperating to fell that some people should ohango so much in a short time, whilst other people remained just tho same, ae frank as open as loyal as ever. She had no socrcts from Bothany, and Bothany by rights should Imvo none from hor. It was not fair. Sybil foit injured in no mean degree. She mnintnincd her demeanour novertheless, nnd said presently, in hor airy abrupt way — ' Talking of Dick, what did you think of him and Huldah lost spring t It was funny, wasn't it I' ' Dick and Huldah 1 I do not know what you moan,' said Bethany, with a look of wonder. What did they do, then t Nobody told me.' ' They did nothing exactly,' Sybil laughed ; 'for it came to nothing. Dick lomo time last April — it may havo been on the first of tho month — asked Huldab to marry him, and she eaid ' No ' directly. That's all.' ' And nobody told mo a word about it 1' exclaimed Bethany, 'Nobody thought it worth while, I dare say,' said Sybil, laughing again. 'It was too ridiculous— Dick and ilutdah !' ' Oil, fnithloss Dick !' Bctlinny Bald, with a smile of real amusement. ' Ho used to protend to bo fond of ine. In the old days, when we woro hoy and girl, he was always wanting to kiss mo, I remember; and one day in tho holidays, when wo woro ferreting rabbits over at Fieldfare, he said that he should marry mo when ho grew up, whether I was willing or not.' ' Poor old Dick I' said Dick's sister. ' There never was a more amorous boy under the sun. He is always fancying that he ia in love with somebody, and the complaint is very real while it lnets. He is olean gone now on a red-haired cousin of Bob's — a girl who has just left sohoo). Her name is properly ' Sarah ' ; but aho writes it ' Sara ' ; and whothor or not it will ever come to anything Providence alone can tell.' Later, when Sybil Markham wns on her way home and Huldah had taken hor place in tho deep bow-window up-stairs, her dark head, neat and smooth as ever, bent over the needlework which ocoupied hor attention, Bethany eaid, watching her — ' Iiuldah, you nover told me that Dick Markham asked you tomary him last spring. How was that f (to ue contended.) 