ROYAL BANSHEES. Although tlie banshee is supposed to bo peculiar to Ireland, nearly overy country possesses one, which is almost invariably accepted as u death omen. In Ireland, thnt most superstitious of countries, every old family used to have its banshee, whoso appearance betokened death to one of them. The Royal House ot Germany has a ban slieo known lis 'The White Lady of HolicnzoUcrni' which lias been soon quite recoiitly.7' The Teutonic people are, in some respects, as vividly imaginative as the Irish. The origin of tho White Lady was this In the old, German mythology tliero wus a 'goddess Freia- Boi t.ha-Holda, who . was popularly re|)rcsonted as tho mother, of hfo and death. She was said to bo wonderfully beautiful, and ; was always diessed in darling white robes, so buglit, in fact, that the legend declared that whuevcr saw her was stricken blind or died on the spot. Every noble or Koyal family m the olden tunes traced its br'gin back to tlio gods, so tho mystorious white goddess was supposed to be the mother of all the noble houses of ('Crmany, and tier appearance in one of tlio families was taken as a warning that some member of it was about to dio. Tins story in time died out, as stories will; und' other accounts of her, appearance were invented The Bpnapartes liavo had a Wlnto Lady for years. ; The first mention of her appear unco was while the son of Jerome Napoleon, the Prilled of Wentfort, -was staying with Ins unele, the King of Wurtemberg. Ono night, lieai lug a great commotion outside his room, lie went out to ask the cause, and h as told by the fnglitoned ser vants that the Whito Lady had passed along tlio corridor and knocked at Ins door. He laughed at tlio stnry, and went back to bed. 'Ilio no.vfc. morning ho ivas telling his uncle about it, i when tho King began to | urge him to go buck to Switzerland, where Ins mother, was;- Very reluctantly he went, as ho knew she ivas only sufferimj from a cold, but ho feiielied Lausanno only just in timo to see her beforo eho died. : v J ? The Bourbons hud a family ghost known us tlio Ked -Jlan of tlio Tuileries. The spectro generally made his appearance dur ing u but Llo, and betokened death to one of the Royal family or some terriblu slaughter. Tlio house, of Romanoff is provided with a spirit in tlio form of a giguutic Cossack soldier, dressed in black. Tlio last appear unco of this dark gentleman was on March 12(h, 1S8I, the day ' before the C/ar was killed by the Nihilist bomb. The house of llapsburg has a spectre, and ono is said to liaunt the paliico of .tlie Kscurial ia Spain. Ours seems to.be tho only important country without ii Royal ghost, and if thoro happens to be'any. able-bodied spirit out of work at present ho cannot do batter than apply at Windsor or. Bulmorul. 