SOLVED BY TIME. A STORY OF THE EUREKA STOCKADE. BY JAAS: OROZIER, B.A [41d Rights Reserved.] \- ---i "fli m I rc tl iiil delighted to see you,"' laid 'n ' ohld l 'I. "You must be tired d1';t y.ua hi?. ide, but you have an in.tieai wciy;nue to Illythfield. This is )out fileud , Tom M alcolmh, I suppose. I im igl.,l to see yo;u where you are, sir. \'u aie no stlanger I assure you Iill 'ill be iouncl in a minute. You met him if c, use in Melbourne when he and .At.tyw.i.e down to sec their cousin." "1 il two young metg n icsponded to the ums:ii:ed hospitality of their host. All ihe juveniles were formally introduced, ind Tolin was very gallant to the young hl;s:;cs Anderson. The refreshing nips oene discussed without any delay, and u)iir frielis foundt themselves at home be fne (Ih, first quarter of an3 hour; young Anlersoni came in fresh from the field, for Bill wsts a mighty hulutir, and he had a rouple of the beat kangaroo dogs-so he oaid---b twecn ltininyong and Melbourne. The said dogs were not likely to grow stale for lack of argument. (Iill was a typical native. Tall, wiry sind sinewy, he was a model of active steitglht. lie was almost more at home nl the saddle than on foot, and this ac iounted for the curves described by his onug l:gs, which somewhat detracted from his claims to be regarded as a very hand' sonlie iatl. "llow did you leave the doctor '" asked -lr. Anderson, as they sat at table. " I am sure lie will be lonely enough with a sprained ankle and little to do but watch it," "lie did growl a bit when we left him,' Tom replied, " but then he would on nc account hear of our remaining with him. 1le is not a fellow to spoil sport if he can not join in himself. lie has sent you a parcel Miss Murdoch. Our outfit was rather scanty, but we found room for it in the saddle.bags." "The ankle is not seriously iujuredl" " Oh, dear, no 1 Ie will Ie up in a fort night at tihe farthest." "I see you brought Markey with you,' satid Mrs. Anderson. " W\Vhero did you drop in with him 1" Juames recounted their experience on luniuiyong, and the little scene at the shanty, and was surprised how seriously it was tiken by their host and hostess. hiill's eyes actually glinted with excitement. "That scoundrel here again l" Mr. V'dcersou exolaimed. "I heard lie was shot somewhere on the plains, but it was too good to be true." " If he comes about these unarters," said Bill, "he will have a good chance of it being done effectually for him." "Gad," said To'. "if I had thought it was so important I might have let himn him have a bullt mysclf. I could only suppose it was a playful native custom to lire after the first round, and I doubt I am not quick enough when a human being is the target. It is very plain 1 owe my life to the big fellow. Douglas would have shot me with as little compunction as a sparrow." "Far less," Mr. Anderson said. " You see the life of the brute has boon forfeited to justice time out of number, and one more murder added to his little list is neither here nor there. What he and big Shanaghan were doing together I don't know. I don't think there is much mischief lin Shanaghan, and it is lucky for the country there is not. le is all round the best man of his inches in the colony, and his inches are not few-some "ea-l'twoval .-.i ..La.l... ua.rrryjlt- rw^ weu off' the square. lie has a litlo place about nine miles off the shanty, which a sister and a little brother keep for him in tidy order. I rather like the fellow, although he has little to say for himself, and the sister is a real good girl. lie comes from somewhere near you, Murdoch." ' Oh, then he must be a good man," said James. "lie looked as if he had been drinking heavily." "That accounts for it. When a fellow like him is on the spree he is not very particular about the company lie keeps. That old Ileltof needs looking after. If lie harbors bushrangers we'll soon put his light out." The subject was dropped, but the strangers noticed that the ladies of the famity looked grave. They evidently did not wish to frighten their cousin, but there was enough in the proximity of bush rangers to disturb the equanimity of those who had even the' slightest acquain tance with these gentry. Tom and James confessed that they were rather fatigued with their long ride. "My dear fellows," said lBill, "you will shortly get over all that. We have to bhe in tke saddle from morning to night in the bush, and I think nothing of fifty or sixty miles." "'That's what "puzzles me," replied Murdoch. We can do a bit of riding, as your father knows, in Ireland, but we have a little mercy on our cattle. Why, your horses seem made of whalebone in this country." CHIAPTER XIII. " That they are. We have no time to bestow on them. They have to take their chance, but blood always tells, and we have good blood in Australia. I have got a uag in the stable just now that will open your eyes. I had him from a man in Tas mania called Field. lie has imported the very best stock to be found by hook or crook in England. Toby's grandsire was Spendthrift, a Derby winner, and he is from a Vulcan mare. I know who will have him" - and Mr. Anderson looked roguishly at his niece, who blushed and smiled. "lBut what are you people going to dol 1" Mr. Anderson continued. "I sup pose, James, you are going to settle down in the colonies I It is the very beat thing youn can do.'" " Torn and I hare agreed to run double. I1 sreens to tllii;k his father can dlispense with his v:ldu.abl, se'rvices for a few years, and I muiiiot tie doing soniethinig. We re lied on getting comle advice from you and Hill.'" "That Vyu1 will hayv with a heat t and a half, mIy tlar fellow. 'lhis is a good coun. ti y, and not vet overrimun, though how lung we can say that I .an hr.udly tell. In fict, I ioul,t w, shalll nit have our soli. tudes ulnlt'h loni::1r to ournri s. I don't know, hit I si.onely :reeloct that ill Inany if nut il all the ugnlli.- along g o e ohll will be foulli. In,!,ed I liha.: foiutl somt t, i of the o metal '-yelf', lit hiav nt etle.I tom I! ?: thon discoveryl) knlowli. {G o,l bye to lI.. if it ?ai ,0n', ,s-e.ted." " I dtl li't aiitl c with I1,: ;:wovnllllr , in tl,,lt,"i rali 1111. " It i.s not t i;lht, iln ll y oplrinmi, to rah the rilnlitry of Mht rlivi han:, f, it, :mni .'l loln~ as it hIns whirl. it Iti I of o l :ir'ike the couniitry loatr. ,, "I lTdn't believe in beiug in a hurry to " ri :!i," Mr. Ainderson. " Just think for im in ,ic t. 'T.ho discovery of. gold, in uge quiantities ivoul,.certailily attrrict! a ,)g tlinting popliitid?Ili au'l colisequently ive sl.uilli have a good market for our beef nl imttain. VYo have a lair enough for t as it i., and we have euough tob 'at aild Irink anid to spate. Ilt may; be a asellislh ainlr:i way t6 look at it, but what do we vant. with morle? W:o.donot.wanl all thie niglh iad rowlies of the world to come nui rout us out of house alud home." "l-it,ipater, you don't tako into ac :omitithe btlier yeoplo at all." " Well, my own business is quite rnoighl for me, and I belong to tile sort of people that prefer quietness to everything else inl the woild. The future of the country- stupposing gold is found ill large quantities-is easily foretold. The popu larion will be brought here more rapidly than it can be absorbed, and from the very nature of the case every year, must diminish the supply of the gold, and the populaltion - must float away, or we shall have to absorb it. The trouble lies in that. The residuum that will not float away will have to be fed, and we should have endless trouble to satisfy thorn." "There was a young lady called.Cassan dra,"sang Bill the irreverent. " Well you young people will see it," said his father. "The country will last my time, but I don'twant, in fact, strongly object,'to be bustled about." "'If they get the gold you willbe bustled about whether you like it or not, father. They have little regard for the conven tionalitic.r, those gold hunters. If it does come to goldunnting, I do hope we shall not have any of that awful scoundrelism one reads about elsewhere. There would be little to desire in that, but I am of the opinion that we should be strong enough to check the rowdy clement effectually. But come, let us eschew politics, and pro. phecy for to-night. Who is for,billiards 1" There was a majority for the cue and balls, and the firstevening paser.d off most pleasantly in Blythfield. The young men had most charming partners in refined and cultivated ladies, and came to the conclusion that if that was a fair sample of bush life it wa. no wonder so many men found it congenial. The old squatter was a prince, and a hospitable prince in his day. CIAPTER XV. Next morning Bill, immediately aflei breakfast, carried the two friends oti tc inspect the stables. There were all sorb of horses in the stables and about the paddocks. " You see," said young Anderson, " wi do everything here on horseback, and wt must have plenty of cattle. You will line the horses about one of the heaviest itemu of your expenditure when you take up : station. You must have a look round foi a bit of good country. You'd better choosi out nags for yoturselves for to-day. Youl own look a bit knocked up. Wi shall have a run round Warrenheip before dinner, and perhaps call and see you friend Shanaghau." The morning was'i magnificent one to for a ride. The air was clear and bracing and "with that and with a decent col uuder a man, he should be able to enjoy; canter over the swelling hills of the Aus tralian bush. They had hardly left thi yard when they saw near thehl the ebonu gure tortneir gidl Marki-y. [ I?liad go a spear in place of the one Douglas hat broken, and lhe carried on his arm a shield which Bill said was a far more effectiv, defensive weapon than one would suppos, froml tie look of it. Markey was evidentli glad to see them. He constituted himsei a personal body-guard of Tom, whos shooting lie greatly admired, and tile easi withib-l?ch the gentleman had overthrowr his great enemy, Douglas, had, won all thi honor and esteem lie could feel for plucl and strength. " Why you hate Douglas 1" asked Tom "Hlisi kill lubra- Markoy's lubra-ant try kill me." " That he did," said Bill Anderson, " hi shot the lubra down for no reason in the world but that one of the dogs barked al him. Markey let him have a spear, bu it only caught the thick of his leg, anm blackie had to bolt with a bullet afte. him. larkey does not think much o Douglas's shooting, but I should rathel bei fiftya ards away, than ten when he draws." " Why is he not run down long ago? James Murdoch asked. "Surely such ; ruffian as he seems to be ought no to be allowed to iin at large." "VWell, running him down is easiel said than done. You hardly 'appreciate the extent of this country and the scarcit) of population. He has the pick of the best horses in the colony, and may be here to-day and a hundred miles away to. morrow. Last year ie got off with a sisterof our Toby in broad daylight. Father and myself weremtnot long after him, but he shot the governor's horse. I always wondered if it was at the man or horse he aimed, and my nag came a cropper over astump. He hates us like poison,Tbecause the governor made the Executive offer a reward of £2oo for his apprehension, and the chase for a couple of inonths was pretty active. He lay quiet, and your encounter is the first we have heard of him for a long time. Both the governor and myself feel uneasy at having him about. lie is a most unmi tigated scroundrel." w'liey crossed a seiecs of low, undulat ing hills absolulely'balren, with the white quartz pebbles permeating the sur face, and thie |quartz boulders cropping up in big glistening masses scored by the wind and rain of ages. " That," s.lid Bill, "is a sort of ground where one can expect gold. All the au thorities are agreed that quartz is the mother of the mineral, and if we have the rineral in tile same proportion as the quartz we will do. 1 should like to try at bit, but the governor has a most absurd prejudice against it. I'rm sure if we don't get it here someone else will, and that won't do us nlrtch good." lHy this time they Ihad reached the sum mit of a ridge, which was evidently an ,IrfiJioot" fronu the extinct -volcano-per haps a torrent of its lava originally. tl'he bilack, who was in advance, suddenly strpped and picked up a stone " Un, boss!" he said, handing the stone to Tonl. 'T',Ini took tile stone, and with an excla. imation of delight, he called to his two cninpanions : "Tall: of a thing, anil its ghost is at Iand. IleIe is Markey picked up as prtt)y a bit of .gold as one could wish to \- re. The stone is ac.tually half gold, and lle pl;ts ,irc hell together by the mIetal."' u20 fl 