1,AT)Y KIIPATRICK, A tale of to-day. BY robert buchanan. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) There could be no mistaking tho effect of this speech on Blake. He half rose from bis seat, clutching the sides of the table with trembling hands, and stared at Pee- bles. with bis eyes standing out of ms neaa with surprise, "And how the devil did you know that?" he asked. "That's my business," retorted the old Scotchman, drily. "Holy powers!", muttered Blake, falling back Into his chafr, and passing bis baud across his oyes In' n bewildered fashion. " 'TIs dramln', I ain." "Listen to me, Patrick Blake," said Pee bles, solemnly. "I met Moya Macartney last night. Pulr lass! Her spirit's sadly, broken. Shev.gays; to me — 'Peebles,.- IPs eighteen years -since I spread tbe report of my aln death,: my hair is white and my heart- Is broken, gang to -Mr, .Bloke and ask blm,:as he values his . own soul, to tell ye -if- over lie' was in Holy Orders?". Blake breathed hard, staring at Peebles with a faco gone white. "Answer!" -cried the old man, "and -for God's sake answer truly." "Well, then;." said Blake, 'T was, but not when I married Moya Macartney to Lord Kllpatrlck." . "Had they unfrocked yc?" asked Peebles. "Tcirmo that!" "I'd unfrocked myself." answered Blake. . "Me bishop said I was a disgrace and scandal to the Church, and'took from mo the only cure of souls I ivor-had." "But at the time ye married Moya were ye drummed out o' the Klrlc?" "Divll tho drum about It, ' responded Blake. "The bishop gavo mo notice to quit, so I just civilly retired and changed \- me name. 'Twas convenient at the tolme, for. sure I had creditors enough to man a . Queen's ship." "But ye wore a priest, and properly or- ; Batned?" asked Peeobles. "Faith, I was as well ordained as any priest need be, though 'twas not under me .own name. What the dlvil's tho matter wld ye?" ho asked, as Peebles sprang from \- the scat he had token and broke Into a Highland fling, "rs It mad ye are?" "Clean daft wi' joy!" cried the old man. "Gle's your hand, man!" He seized Blake's band and wrnng It heartily. "By the piper that played before Moses, ye're the Revor- end Mr. Blake still!" "And what about it?"' asked Blake., "What about it!" echoed Peebles. "Why, Moya Macartney Is Lady , Kllpatrlck, and . Desmond Macartney Is Desmond Conseltlne, _ - his lordship's son and heir!" The mention of the name of Conseltlne electrified Blake. Ho clutched his whisky- muddled head In both hands, staring wildly before -him. \- "My God!" he cried suddenly, "Is It 'dramln' that I am? No, by tbe Lord, 'tis no drame, Peebles! Get-up; man, get up! 'TIs no time to be sittln' hero! They mean . mischief — already It -may bo too late." "Too late! Too late for what?" cried the bid man. "Richard Conseltlno' and his boy and Feagus the attorney— bad .cess to the lot o' 'em— was here ithls aftemopn. They , know . . : Moya's-alive! They know whore she lives! They mean murder! Oh,.. my head, my , .--.head, what was. Jt the blackguards -said? Ah!" .he" screamed; "TjMSV-MlH!' 'Tis '-at Larry's Mll? that Moya's ilylni'!'' : "Yes!" cried Peebles. .''She's there. But (What o' "that? Speak, man, what is it?" "They mean to burn the Mill, and lier (with It!" cried Blake. "For the. love o' -God, run! Run and find Desmond, get Moya out o' the Mill before nightfall., : 'Twas .hero that they plotted It. Man alive; ' they mean murder!" '.'Murder!" gasped Peebles.- "Murder Moya Macartney!" "Isn't It'lolfe or death -to them to kape \- her out o' the .way? Run,; man! ' Run" every step o' the. way! Ye've time to save \- her yet. ,Tbey daren't try It "before night-. :: fall. Doo'lan's ' farm. le.. on ' the way," . and ye'll find Desmond there, , It ever ye loved, him, run!" CHAPTER XI.— MOTHER AND': SON. . Peebles, far spent though hq'Vas with his' unwonted exercise In the early morning and the anxiety of the: day,, made 'good . speed', to Doolan's farm, urged as he was : by those most peaceful ot stimulants,' love and fear. It was a long and rough road, \- hut a younger and. stronger man than the , old Scot might have' been satisfied with the speed at which he covered It. He ar rived, panting dt the humble cabin, wbere tbe farmer and -bis family, with Desmond among them, were just sitting down to the " ' plain but plentiful evening meal, of pota- toes and buttermilk, supplemented by a rasher ot bacon In honor of the guest, whom Doolan felt a great pride In en- \- tertalnlng, and who would have found a welcome similarly warm at- almost any house In the district. . "By my soul!" said the hospitable far mer, as Peebles broke into the room and fell ; exhausted Into the nearest chair; " 'tis zne -lord's butler. 'TIs Mr. Peebles. The top o' the evenln' to ye, sor,. Bridget, I'm thinkin' Mr. Peebles will be takin' a dhrop O' whisky. Saints above, what's wrong wl' ye, sor?" Peebles slowly panted his breath back, (While the farmer and his- wife, the latter a ruddy,- handsome peasant woman, who had been Desmond's nurse 18 years before, , stood solicitously over him. "Get the bottle, Bridget," said tbe farmer, 'The poor ould gintleman's clone blown." Peebles took a mouthful of the liquor, hnd felt tbe better for it. - ''.'What Is It at all?" asked Desmond. "Faith, ye look as if ye'd seen a ghost. iWhat Is It, ould friend?" ""Yon must come with me, Desmond," Bald the old man. "I've news for ye, news that will mok' your ears to tingle." "If 'tis good news," said Desmond, "sure 'tis welcome, and all the more welcome for beln' unexpected." "Good!" cried Peebles. "It's the best! It's better than I ever dared to hope." "Faith: then," said the boy: "let's have Jt!" "Not here, laddie, not here!" said Peeb les. " 'TIs way in your private ear that I can whisper It yet." "We'll lavo ye alone," said the honest _ farmer. "Come, Bridget! Come, chll- Bren," "Nn, ha!" said Peedles. "I've no time to. bide. Ye must come wi' me, Desmond. It's not a' good news I bring ye. There's Banger near one ye love, lad.". "Dulcle!" cried Desmond. "Na — Lady Dulcie's a' safe, for a I ken, and. I saw her not three hours syne, the bonnle doo, blooming like the rose o' Sha ron. Come, lad, put on your hat — I'm rest ed noo. We'll gang thegither, and I'll tell yeaswego." Desmond obeyed, In a great state of be wilderment, and Peebles, when they were a. hundred yards away from the farm, began his story by a question — "ii iciuomuc, uio jjuii- » uujiiii ye met last night we' me in the klrkyard?" "Yes," answered Desmond, . "Man," said Peebles, "I scarce know how to tell ye, or If ye'll believe me when I've tellt ye. Maybe, ye'll think I'm daft or dotting. Ye've just got to prepare your- Belf for the greatest shock ye ever had In your life. It well nigh dinged the soul oot o' me wl' surprise when I heard it, and.lt will hit ye salrer still, I'm think ing." The -old man's voice was so tremulous wlt'-v emotion that Desmond stopped short, und peered Into his face questlonlngly In tho pale moonlight which was struggling With the thick dust of the summer night. "For God's sake" Peebles," ho said, what is It?" "It's just this," returned the Scot. "That poor woman was Moya Macartney — your mother." For some seconds Peebles's speech car- . Tied no meaning to Desmond's mind. "My mother!" he repeated, in a voice Whose only expression . was ono of pure bewilderment. "My mother! Moya Macart ney!" "Ay," said Peebles. "She that was Bead Is alive. 'TIs a long story, and I've neither time nor breath to toll ye all. She spread the report of her ain death 18 years ago, and went across the seas' to America. All theso long, weary years, she's denied her heart tho only- pleasure she could ever know, the pleasure of seeing her son's face, and hearing his voice. At Inst' she could boar it no longer — she came. It was she ye talked wl' last night in the kirk- yard, she who' kissed your forehead, and go'cd yo her blessing." . Desmond clutched at his throat with a choking sob. ' "For God's Soke, laddie," cried the old man, "don't break down now. There's work to be done. Ye don't know all yet, nor the half- o't." , "My mother!" . cried Desmond. "My mother!" He took off his soft felt hat, crushing It In his' hand; and pulled his collar -open, stifling with surprise and emotion. Peebles seeing It vain to con tinue his story for tho moment, paused, waiting till tbe first shock of his communi cation should have passed. "My mother!" Desmond repeated again, ftar an Interval. He spoke mechanically, with an utter lack of emotion in voice and manner. "My mother! Well?" ' The pulr bairn's stunned wi' tho In telligence!-' said Peebles to himself, "and sma' wonder. Can ye understand what I'm saying, Desmond?" he asked, taking the lad s arm. "We must gang on, lad. There'll maybe, be serious work for us - this night. D'ye understand me?" "Yes," said Desmond, slowlv, liis mind still feeling numbed and dim. "I can hear what yo say, Peebles, but It— It all seems so strange. Is it dramln' that I am?" ' '- 'TIs no dream," said Peebles. "It's as real as the soil beneath your feet, and as true as God's above ye. Pu' ycrself the gither, lad, i/u' ycrself thegither!" "Well," said! Desmond, resuming his way In obedience to tho Impetus of Peeb les's hand, "go on — I'll try - to under stand." "She came back," continued Peebles, speaking slowly that tho words might better penetrate the stunned intelligence of his companion. "Slio came bnck a'- that weary way Just to see the face and hear the voice o' tho bairn she'd suffered for eigh teen years ago. But, laddie, ahe's had strange., news. You don't know nil' the sorrowfu' story I tauld yo, when . that young cub, your cousin, taunted - ye Wi' the accident a' your birth, never to think sliamo- o' your mother. I'vo had no chance: since -to. tell ye -the talc, I - must tell it now. ?four mother was entrapped by a sham marriage — or, at least, the marriage was. believed to be sham. It was Blake, of - Blake's-hall, who officiated as priest. Somehow, Moya got news that Blake had really been a priest, and asked me to gang till him and splor if it was so. I went this afternoon and saw him, and he con fessed that he Uad been in Holy Orders, and that, though the bishop had ta'en his cure, o!" souls from him he had never been legally unfrocked. D'ye ken what that means, laddie?" "My brain's reeling," said Desmond, "I understand nothing.' ' It means."- said the old man, bis voice breaking with glad emotion, "It means that you're Desmond Conseltlne, my mas ter s legitimate son nnd heir, the next Lord Kllpatrlck. Oh, laddie, it's brew news! It's brew news, and my heart was Just bursting wl' it." Desmond spoke no word, and his silence after the communication of' such tidings a little frightened his old friend, who peered Into his face as they walked on quietly sldo by side. "Ha'o ye nnethlng to say, Desmond?" he asked. "What can I say?" asked Desmond. "Where Is my mother?" he asked sudden ly. "Is It to her that ye're taking me?" "Ay;" said Peebles. "We're gawn to Larryls mill, and there we'll find her. Desmond, my man, she mustn't stay there, - There's danger abroad." They Wero In the middle of tho wide, waste country, but the old man could not repress the searching look he cast around him. "Sbo has ill-wishers, blackguards, who'll stick at nothing to gain their dirty ends. Blake tauld me this afternoon of a thing I find It hard to credit. Your uncle, Ric hard Conseltlne, and his son, and that scoundrel Feagus, know that Moya's alive, and where she's living. Feagus saw her withimo in the klrkyard, and listened to our talk. Blake swears they mean to fire the mill while she's there asleep. We'll just hope it's naethlng but one of his drunken hovers, or that he dreamt It, , but I'vo kent Richard Conseltlne for well nigh thfrcthy years, and man, he's a dour creature. .'There's ; not much he'd stick at, I'm thinkin', for tho price as : the title and estates of KUpatrlcfc"" -Anyway; : 'tis just sober prudence to warn' Moya/ ahd get .hof;,awa' oot o'. danger. Her proper place -is the Castle, hut if she'll . no con sent to - gang there, we'll Jist find her anitber shelter for a while, and keep our eyes open for the tricks o' they - — blackguards— God . forglvd me' for sweerih'V Loch!" he cried, suddenly, "what's that? I saw a sprlnk- o' fire. And look, look! It's, spreading! It's rising! By the . God. that made me, they've fired - the. mill! Run, Desmond, run! Your mother's life's at stake!" A flaming banner was waving in the. wind a thousand ' yards away, crimsoning, the sky, and flinging out its blood-red' folds -wider and wider. ' After a -momen tary p.ause pf doubt/and horror, Desmond's mind began. to work. He started ot a 'rapid run. -Fortunately, the way -lay down mil, and he knew It Inch by Inch. '..He cleared: the. distance with unbelievable speed; and as lie came sufficiently near to the. con flagration to. determine. Its extent and: the general aspect of the burning mill a pier-' clng shriek broke through the roar and cackle of the flames. \- He answered with a pealing cry, "Mother!" - "Help! help! for the love of Heaven!!'/ A ghastly white face'showed through a rift In the drifting veil of smoke and lite. DeBtnond dashed himself at the mill , as «lf It had been a living enemy, and strove to clamber up the side. He mlgbt as well have tried to climb a perpendicular wall of ice, bis feet and bands slipped from the smooth hoards. "Help me, for God's sake!" clamored the voice above. "The water-wheel!" roared Desmond In return. "Drop from the window. It's Just below." ' ' "I daren't!" cried Moya. 1 '"TIs your only chance for life," cried Desmond. "Better be drowned than burned. Mot her! Mother! Jump for tho love of God!" A wall of flame Bhot up between them, singeing his very eyebrows, ; "Jump for God's sake!" he roared again, as he sprang back. A moment later the- sound of a heavy splash was heard. Des mond made a flying leap Into tho water, and In the very act of rising from his dive caught sight of an opaque object' be- tween himself and the light of the flames. He got his feet well again the bottom of tbe stream, and with one mighty effort shot his mother's body to the shore. "For tho love of Heaven!" cried Peebles, clattering down tho further bank, "Is she livln'?" ' "Alive, thank God, alive!" solbbed Des mond, falling on his knees beside her. "Oh, mother, mother!" : 'Her arms wero round his neck,, ana with a choking sob she drew his head to her bosom. CHAPTER XII.— MR. PEEBLES PRE PARES FOR WAR. For a long, sacred moment the mother and son, thus strangely re-united knelt together, their arms about each other, their hearts full of a whirl ot many mingled emotions, which made speech im possible. When at last Moya broke the long silence, it was with a voice curiously calm, despite the deep underlying tremor which told by what an heroic effort she was able to speak at all. "Desmond! My son!" "Mother!" was all Desmond could sob in return. "Ye know me! Ye know who I am?" " "Yos. Peebles has told me all," re turned Desmond. "Ye don't shrink from me! Ye don't despise the poor woman that loves ye?" . "Shrink from you! Despise you!" cried the boy, straining her to his heart, and speaking between the kisses with which he covered her face, her hands, her dres3. "I'm like to burst with Joy for finding ye. L was alone in the world, with scarce a friend, nameless and hopeless and home less, and God has sent me you!" He raised her to her feet, and fell on his knees again before ber, looking up at her with eyes bright with fast running tears. "Mother! mother! mother!" It was all that he could say, and there was at once Infinite pleasure and poignant grief In his repetition of the word. He fell forward, embracing her knees. . "God's good, after all," said Moya. "Many and many has been the bitter hour all those weary years when I thought he had forgotten me, when I doubted if there was a God at all. Oh, my son, my son!" She tore him from his kneeling posture, and fed her hungry eyes upon his face. "Ye're my own boy, Desmond. I can see the face that I remember years ago, smilln' at mo from the glass, when I little thought of tho bitter trouble in store for me. I can die happy now. There's nothing mora that God can give me, now that I've held you In my arms and heard you call me mother." ."Not for many a long year yet, please God," said Desmond. "Not for mnny a long, happy year that you and I will pass together. I've something to live for, now, something to work for. We'll go together, back to the land you came from, and forgot the past and all Its wretchedness." "His face, too!" saia Moya, who, in her passionately loving scrutiny of Des mond's face had let his words pass un heeded. "His face, as it was when I loved him.." "Yo mean my father!" cried Desmond. "I've disowned .him. I'yo oast him off. I have no father. Nobody In the world but you, mother." "Hoots, man!" said Peebles, who had been forced to make a detour to cross the bridge two hundred yards distant, "are ye going to retreat just when the battle's In your band? That's mlcbty pulr general ship, laddie!" (To be continued.) 