That Melbourne Horror. Melbourne, the marvellous of old, the miserable of the present, must just, now feel as though covered with sack cloth and ashes ; humiliated aud asbamed. For scarce more pitiful tale has ever been told or civilised city than that of the death of the Perkins, mother and daughter. The mother over seventy, and the daughter well advanced ia years, found starvation staring them in the face. All their amall domestic possessions had been seized for rent, and then they them selves called in the grim bailiff Death and surrendered possession of their lives. The scene presented to thoBe who, attracted by the Bickening smell that came from the cottage the women were occupying, burst open ths door, was a horrible one. The dead body of the daughter on the bare floor of the almost absolutely empty house ; that of the mother, half-lying, half-sitting, on a couple of boxes that formed the only bed ; the evidence of one of the neighbors that the two women passed in and out of the house and through the streets, " silent as shadows, the very ghosts of want," and then in the solitude of their poverty- stricken liome passed equally as silently away from a world of want, are scenes that make up a terrible tragedy. It is, indeed, a tale as full of horror and misery as any . ever penned by Hugo, Balzac or Zola ; a tale of human suffering, human endurance, and human despair and desperation, exceeding any ever told by Dickens, Thackeray, or Besant. It is a tale the hormr of which is not lessened by the fact that among the men and women of Melbourne, there were hundreds who, had they, known of the dire need of these poor women, would have hurried to the rescue. But they knew it not, and Starvation claimed the Suicide. » # Even organised charity, as repre sented by tbe Ladies Benevolent Society working in the locality, was ignorant that the case was such an extreme one. The members of that society naturally regard it as a reflection ou their organisation to have it supposed that auy human beings in their district should die for want of food. "They tell you," says a Melbourne contemporary, " that the distress at South Melbourne is so acute and terrible that they have had a hard fight during the last two or three years to afford even partial relief in the many cases arising, but with a generous aid from all classes they have been able to give all deserv ing destitute people the means of keeping body and soul together. More than this chey could not possibly do." Must it then be said that recognition of the inevitable is to be given this chapter of horrors ? Or does nottrnth demand the assertion that while praise can be given to those who often do good by stealth, and who, had they known of the condition of these unfor tunate people, would have at once relieved it — that there are others in Melbourne, as elsewhere, whose charity is more ostentatious than genuine? For it is sad to read that on what must have been the day before the death of the mother two ladies called at the house, saw the wretched con dition of the inmates, and left them — some tracts. This ostentatious Chris tianity—and the term is not applied harshly— is surely misplaced at such a time. Less tracts and more bread and meat is demanded ; less cant and more practical Christianity. "Were this shown the present misery of Melbourne might be minimised, and starvation and suicide cease to horrify the people of a land iu which hunger should be no excuse for self-des truction . 