WM of OHoman. Your business is to go to him and say, " Here is a wrong. Right it!" This, as many a beautiful Middle-Age legend tells us, has been woman's function in all uncivilized times ; not merely to melt man's heart to pity, but to awaken it to duty. But the man must see that the woman is in earnest; that if he will not repair the wrong by justice, she will if possible as in those old legends—by self-sacrifice. —Clias. Kiiigilry : Letters to Ladies. The "edifying debate" on Woman Suffrage in Tasmania which the Argus correspondent was kind enough to promise to its readers has taken place, with the result that the Assembly has by 22 votes to 5 given women the same voting power as male electors for the Legislative Council. The arrival of Lord Brassey aud Viscount Hampden, both declared Suffragists, will probably help on the movement in Victoria and New South Wales, for with a large majority of people whatever is fashionable is always right On reading the sub-leader in the Argus of ik reminded of an excellent rule given by Lyndall in the African Farm: — " Whenever you come across any book, person, or opinion of which you absolutely comprehend nothing, declare that book, person, or opinion to be immoral. Bespatter it, vituperate against it, strongly insist that any man or woman harbouring it is a fool or a knave or both. Carefully abstain from studying it." This last piece of advice has been taken literally by Mr. Stutfield (the author quoted in the article mentioned) who, in the fulness of his ignorance indiscriminately classes Ibsen with Oscar Wilde, and attributes the doctrines of Grant Allen to the New Woman. The reason of this outcry on the part of the critics is not, as they would have us believe, an intense desire for purity and morality in literature, since Tom Jones, Tristram Shandy, and Don Juan are still considered classics by the men who denounce Ghosts and Keynotes as " gilded and perfumed putrescence," but because women have dared to challenge society on the question of the double standard of morality, and have advanced the heretical doctrine that an immoral man is as guilty as an immoral woman. That is where the shoe pinches, and the New Woman must be silenced at all costs lest the young person should be taught to think for herself and ask inconvenient questions. The old-fashioned novel in which the heroine's one ambition in life seems to be to faint in the arms of the impossible hero on every conceivable occasion may be pleasant reading for some men, but it is an anachronism in these days of the higher education. The study of psychology and physiology has taught the New Woman more things than were dreamt of in the philosophy of Miss Lydia Languish, and the heroine of to-day is beginning to trace cause and effect, to have strong opinions on heredity, and to realise that the sowing of wild oats means the reaping of a bitter harvest for the innocent to the second and third generation. If this " neurotic, Tommyrotic and erotic " literature is so ephemeral, a mere sign of decay, why give it such a prominent place in a leading daily paper ? For some time past we have been treated to a similar effusion every two or three weeks. A few of the sentences are changed and an adjective is altered here and there, but the main idea is to arrange all the authors of whom the writer disapproves in one large group and label it "The New Woman style of fiction." This system certainly lias its advantages and as a labour-saving method cannot be too highly recommended. For our comfort we are told that there are wide, free, healthy spaces of life where the New Woman and the Ibsenitish Man are quite unknown. Where are they ? The annual meeting of the contributors to the Women's Hospital took place on Thurs' day, August 8th, to receive the report of the Committee and to discuss ati alteration in the rules. It is to be hoped they also discussed the conduct of the resident students in order to prevent a repetition of the disgraceful behaviour which took place some three weeks ago. Each student has to reside three weeks at the hospital before taking his degree, and on this occasion the retiring students celebrated the completion of their term by a drinking bout to which they invited several of their friends, the result being that the rooms were in such a filthy condition that they were not fit for occupation for two days. It is needless to go into the details, which would sicken anyone—but a medical student. In order to mark their disapproval of this line of conduct, the Committee stopped the supplies (excepting breakfast) of the incoming students, who were quite guiltless in the matter, and proceeded to have the roonis cleaned, with the proud consciousness^of having punished someone. Rumout^stfys that" these outbreaks are by no means, infrequent, (it is not long since some playful students smashed all the furniture in their rqpins), and . •- yet nothing is done to prevent ,,their reeur-'i" rence. Since the students are so lacking-in the first elements of decency, it shoilld" surely be possible to pass some rule prohibiting them from entertaining their friends during the short time they are in residence at the Hospital. We hope the day will come when we shall have a hospital in Melbourne where a woman however poor and miserable, can be treated exclusively by her own sex, without being subjected to such outrages on decency and modesty as are at present considered necessary for the poor, in order that the youthful sawbones may learn his profession. George Moore, in his latest novel, Ksther Waters, gives a terrible description of the treatment of women patients by students in a London hospital, making one wonder if, with all our boasted civilisation, we have advanced one degree above the brute, when those who are supposed to be qualifying to help humanity find pleasure and amusement in the suffering of helpless women. There is a general impression abroad that most of our hospitals and asylums want a thorough overhauling, an impression not likely to be lessened on reading the report of the official visitors to the Wendouree Lunatic Asylum. These gentlemen (Messrs. Oddie, Shoppee, Fitzpatrick and Long) allege that the patients are inadequately clad and that the want of proper clothing is so noticeable that it is a disgrace to our common humanity. This is only one ot the cases that have come to light, and one or two of our asylums have a not very enviable reputation for their treatment of idiot children An investigation committee composed of disinterested men and women would probably reveal many strange things regarding our co called charitable institutions. King Oscar of Sweden has given permission to Froken Elsa ISschelsen to plead at the University of Upsala" for the Degree of Doctor of Laws. She will be the first woman in Sweden to obtain this degree. A bill to admit women to the legal profession has been read a second time in the House of Representatives in New Zealand, and in India we have Miss Cornelia Sorabji working as special pleader with a firm of solicitors. . Even conservative Spain has its woman lawyer and in America they are numbered by hundreds. When will women be admitted to the Bar in Victoria ? The legal profession which is almost unanimous for Free Trade when its own interests are not concerned is Protectionist to a man against the admission of women. Why do,they fear their competition ? Perhaps they have heard rumours that in the only legal subject at present open to both sexes, viz, Jurisprudence, women have more than held their own against their male competitors. The profession of dentistry seems to have charms for some women. From the Woman's Voice we learn that two of the most prosperous and celebrated dentists in New York are women, both of whom employ several women assistants. Sydney has boasted a woman dentist for the last two years, and there should be a good opening in Melbourne for some of our girl students. . It is strange that in Melbourne no woman has yet qualified herself as a chemist. As far as we know there is no sex barrier in that business, and it has the advantage of being easily and quickly learnt compared with other profes- The controversy over lady cyclists and rational dress is still being waged in the daily papers by people who have not yet learned to distinguish between what is customary and what is moral. To attentive readers of the papers for the last two or three months a ^strong argument on behalf of rational diess for working women should be forthcoming. 5No less than eight or ten women have been 5iurnt to death through their clothes catching Hire while cooking at an open stove. Those \yho know how country fire-places in this colony are arranged can understand the terrible risk a woman runs if a gust of wind should happen to blow her light skirts in the direction of the fire. We venture to assert that those women would have been alive now had they worn rational dress. But let us be womanly or die! A lively discussion is going on in the columns of the btawell Advertiser on the proposal of a committeeman to have three or four practical women on the hospital committee of that town. The rest of the committee and a doctor seem to have got their hair off at this very mild proposal. " Would the doctor," asks this committeeman, " be what he is without the hints, suggestions, &c.; he has had from the ladies in his training ? Omeo has imitators, it appears. The committeeman gets bolder as he proceeds and his last suggestion is that a lady doctor should be added to the staff. The CHAMPION approves the idea and recommends it to the notice of subscribers to the Melbourne Hospital. A New Zealand correspondent mentions that amongst the Maoris sex makes no difference, except in regard to matters for which women are physically unfitted. Women who hold property speak in the councils, and are chiefs and heads of tribes. The Maoris have never been subjugated or trampled upon like every other native race that comes into contact with European "civilization." Nina Gracia Dona Maria Rebeca has raised the standard of revolt on the Mexican frontier. At the head of one hundred and fifty mounted enthusiasts she has twice met and defeated the Mexican authorities, and the popular sympathy of the wild folk in her territory is so strongly in favour of 1 ' Saint Teresa " that the Government actually had to sue for peace. This modern joan-of-Arc is the daughter of a Mexican father and a half- breed Indian mother. She rides astride on her horse. In peace she is a worker of miracles, and the country folk crowd to her with their sick. It is still part of the educational code for German girls that they are only allowed to study history from a biographical standpoint. In other words, they receive special training in hero worship, 'a cult which comes far too easily to most women. " He for God only, she for God in him," is the lesson which is chimed into the ears of German girls from babyhood, with results that would satisfy even a Milton. 