The Housed ofSileoe.; CLiAPTER XIII.-LCuntinue'l. TDesiree took her by the hiand and led her up the stairs, persuarded her to retire, nn'd at ,beside her till she was 2salmer. She then left lier. VWhile returning to her ow, apart ment, she saw MadamIe Vancourt glide into her chamber. .Shle entered her room, and was closing the door when at slight shuttffling induced her to look back into the dim corridor which she had Just traversed, where she beheld .a figure that pertained to the personality of Dorothy Doubleday only. The spinster was. treading tiptoe, with bent body and hand thrust out before her, as one who gropes her way, and wishes to exercise particular caution. She closely approached SEugenia's door, and soon had her eyes on a level with the keyhole. , Desiree recalled the words of Dorothy, 'There is mystery in this house: I adore mystery.' Desiree was both surprised and curious. Sheclosed her' door softly and sought her pillow, perplexed and disturbed by what she had seen. She arose the following morning at a late hour, and found a slip of paper upon her dressing-table, with the following words upon it: ' Be wise as a serpent. Let eye and ear, perceptioni and understanding, bhe on the alert. Hear all, see all, comprehend all, and be silent.' This was written in red ink, in a hand bold and firm, without signature. Desiree 'reIdlitdindcouild 1iiot" refrain fro'm glancing nervously about her room. The idea that someone had entered her chamber while she slept, shocked her. Before she had con:= pleted her toilet Dorothy Doubleday made an unceremonious entrance into her boudoir, much heated and excited. * Well Y' said Desiree, coldly. ' I comue from Ursula, mumnI. She's took sick, mum, and wants to see you. She's got. an invulnerable burning in hei throat, and has lisgouged the intents' of her stomich, which is recessives sour, and dark-coloured, resembling coffee grounds for all the world.' Desiree stopped to hear no more, but hurried immediately to Ursula, She found her flushed and hot, breathing. with great difficulty. She looked up and smiled at seeing Desiree,. hutt the momentary gleam passed into an expression of pain. 'If I's to speak my mind as they do at the North,. which was ten years ago, or nigh anit,ut ten years ago, ias near asI can relnem her, I should say that some kind of doctor stuff should be adapted. In cases of this natur', where there's considerable, informa tion of the'stomich, implicated with digestion of the head and constipation of the heart, there should be, immejiate applications for doctors and saddle bags.' "You'.:';are very 'ill. What ails you ?' asked Desiree. .-...... . . .'My throat is. on tire; I am tortured with.a horrible thirst and retching. . Give , me air--air; more air; give iio water.' 'Desimree, threw: ?ip the window, gave UTrsula water, wet a napkin, hfnd placed it to her throat. ' "-What iite you eaten '?' inquired Desiree. ':I'N'othirig but ':a light breakfast, after which I' experienced a singular sensation of cold and. an indescribable shock of the nervous system,: followed by an universal heat and a tingling 'i the throat which soon increased to a painful burning. Then came a retching that seemed to wrench and tear my vitals. Look not so pale, it is passing; I am better,' answvered Ursuln, strugglingl heroically, with' her' afferings. 'Run for Madame Vancourt, Dorothy. She has skill in sickness, dauntless courage, nerves that no spectacle can shake,' said Desiree. The spinster obeyed, and in a mon ent Eugenia appeared. Her. face, was serene, 'paleo but as ever, fair. ' :Not'standin','.said Dorothy, who followed close behind her, ' not'standin' I occupy an inordinate position in this' family, I says to myself, soon's I heerd "that: Suly was took sick, if there's:anyliody'knows'the nwatur': of drugs animili" rninrerile, i and vegitibile, it's the madam. Next to saddle- bags give me the madam.' . . ' Ohi Eugenia, our poor Ursula is'vdary ill. See how she' suffers,' exclaiined Desilee. Eugenia advanced to tlie bedl, quietly turned down' the counterpane, felt Ursula's pulse, pressed her hands to her cheeks and forehead, looked at-her tongue, declared that . she ..was quite Ceverislh, and mlust haive taken a sudden cold. < Dbo you feel very confident thaLt it is nothing more seriou 's De'siree asked, -anxiously. 'Iam osure,') ?ahweled tEugenia, looking fixedly at Uradtln, 'tlhat itcomes of exposure ttbthe nght air' A blush heigliened the color of thei Creole's check; Desire ;involuntarily tihought of tlihe wirds written upon tile slip of p apler.' h , . .. '"Ursula seldoim leavesthie hlouis after *ervants have wi"ys of their;own.- They are s?oetiues is occult?as mºgicians.: iTheir :,outgoings adl -incrlmings: are too ` often' as mlysterious as the m~ ements of ghosts.' Ursula sighed :and 'gl.uanced uneasily at Eugenia. "Y- 'Yidare 'so hiirnid, Eugenia,' said-Desi rcap;. pray. do something i for her if yyou can.' ' Certainly,' ,replied:madamtn ' I will ras. tore her, although violent inllatmtion of the throat sometimes. proves, very troublesome. I lisve a fainous elixir;,whiclh, though not so potent as'that which confers immortal youth, is, nevertheless, very eflicacious. You will find it on my dressing-table, Dorothy; run and fetch it.'. . For a wonder, the spinster obeyed this brder withoit stopping to express an opinion. Eugenia poured out'some of the medicine and gave it to the sick girl, who swallowed it eagerly. '.I nm confidious that dose will do her business,' asse?te?i Dorothy, ' I shall never disrecollect tlhlc ay her doctor stuff infected imewhelinI's dolwn withi-a d'izzinea and darlc. noest!in the head. The wnmanafore yP, Miss SDesiree which in the udlnam, could write a Treetice on the Matery Mediky. I know, 'cause I 'tended a female restitution at the North. :Sih lheoturs as we used to have from eddicated men and knoiwin' wiiuming. They, aako lawyers, doctors, and ministers of winnming where I used to live. It sounds noble to hear 'ea speak of the Rev. Maria ontoinetto Josephine Smith, Dr. Lucretia Jane Brown, Lawyer Ella Anna Jones, and Postmistress Sophia 1Matilda Jinks.' ' It must be very nice,' said madam. ' Why didn't you remain at the North ?' ' Recause I wanted to see more of the world, mum. My mind couldn't rest till I'd looked about and seen how other folks lived; and though I fill an inordinate capacity, I wish it to be understood that I've had better days, am a woman that has looked into sciynces, and understand the natur' of doctor-btufl.' ' No doubt, no doubt,' returned Eugenia. ' but be careful,' she added, looking at the spinster, ' that you do not learn too tmuch.' Ursula's sullerines began to abate. She complained less of the heat and retching. The flush gradually subsided, and tile effect. of Eugenia's elixir were appatent. Madatn sat by her a long time, watching the symp toms and ministering to her with the most careful attention. Before night Ursula was able to leave her bed ; Iut her limbs were weak, and the Montreuil's noticed that her voi.'e was changed ; it had a husky muffled sound. Desiree observed this change, but believedl it but temporary ; but day after day passed, and the difficulty increased. The vocal organs seemed paralyzed, and her once. clear, sweet voice died to a whisper The whole household sympathized with the poor girl, but none manifested a more untiring interest than Eugenia, who was so persist ently watchful that Desiree could scarcely find a: want to supply. She was thankful to her friend, and expressed her gratitude ou every fitting occasion Agreeably to her resolution, she said nothing of the slip nf paper found upon her tarble,:but it cost her many- moments of serious and perplexing thought. The visits of Monsieur Lavigne grow more frequent. She anticipated them with pleas ure, and enjoyed them with a zest to her quite inexplicale. She knew his ring, could distinguish his step upon the threshold, blushed when she met him. It was somenime bofore she began to analyzo her emoti6ons. She was stairtled at the discoveries' which she made.; She porceived that her feelings had taketn the glow of the warmest friend ship ? Was she sure, it was friendship ? Was friendship so earnest so expectant, so atten tive to looks, wrirds, and wishes of another ? She answeredr , Y es,' in the simplicity of her heart, and for a time was satisfied.l. 