The local brass band arc about to make an attempt to resuscitate that body from the comatose condition into which, it has lately descended, aud some of the mcmberB arc calling a meeting of the public and bandsmen for the purpose of agaiu placing the band on a working basis. The meeting iB to be held on Saturday evening next at Corcoran's Hole], when, if the prospect is considered sufficiently inviting, fresh officers will be elected and practice recommenced. The success of the band at Jerilderie is probably the cause of the increased stimulus, and as the local body have a fine set of expensive instruments at present lying idle, it is to be hoped that they will be enabled to again form a serviceable body of musicians. Our well known and highly respected fellow-townsman, Mr H. P. Whitty, of the firm of Trask and Whitty, solicitors, .intends leaving Berrigan this month for an extended tour to Europe. He expectB to ]je away for nearly a year. During bis absence, Mr B.C. Dibbs, a solicitor from Sydney, will act as the Berrigan representative of the firm, residing continuously in thiB town. In our rush last week with the Bazaar report, we omitted from the list of ladies who assisted, the name of Mrs H. Arundel, the obliging liostes9 of the Federal Hotel. Although Mrs Arundel was prevented from assisting at the bazaar on Show night, still •he rendered able services in getting it up. During the visit of Mr Taverner, the Victorian Minister of Public Works and Agriculture, to Sydney, he and Mr Young, the New South Wales Minister of Public Works, discussed a difficulty that has arisen on the Murray. The Victorian Government propose to make an embankment from Cobram t.i Tocumwal, and reclaim about 3000a. of laud on the Victorian side. The Tocumwal Progress Association have, however, written to the New South Wales Works Department, pointing out that this work will have a tendency to inundate the low-lying lands on the New South Wales side. It was arranged by the two Ministers that an officer from the New South Wales Works Department, with the Victorian Inspector-General of Works' should -risit the place and report upon the matter. The Bev. J. Ward Harrison of Deniliquin IB announced elsewhere to deliver a lecture in the School of Arts on Monday week, the subject being a journey from London to Borne. The lecture will be illustrated by a powerful lantern showing the variouB historical points of interest to be seen on the way. Mr Harrison is well known as an accomplished lecturer and elocutionist, and those attending the lecture may expect a treafc e Owing to weakneBi of the attendance at the Progress meeting last Friday night, it wa» adjourned for a fortnight. Messrs J. M*Namara and Co. notify in our ^Tm^singrataMs Jihat tjhfy. will iold a gmumknfirfgertctt glearing-out sale of liorses, Cattle; sheep and implements for Mr Patrick Maguire, at the farm, Bnrramine East (Vic.) on Wednesday next, 6th Marti. Attention is directed to the alteration in Tattersall's advertisemont, which appears on the fourth page of this issue. The attention of teamBtera and others is directed to the advertisement of Messrs Greggery Bros., calling for tenders for ploughingone hundred_acres of new ground for this season's cropping, "Augur's Ghost" in last Tuesday's " Narandera Argus " says:—At a meeting of the Jerilderie Jockey Club it was decided, on the motion of Dr Bobinson, seconded by Mr Chryetal, " That the annual meeting be held on &e; 14th and 15th May, if two days' meeting be held, and that the events be open to all horses the property of residents within 40 milesjOf-Jerilderie for a period of two months, expiring on day of races ; horses to be within same area for a like period." Why the Jerilderie folk have adopted this course it is difficult to perceive, it cannot be that the nominations from outside the 40 mile limit did not^wartant'its continuance, for on looking u£ last yeaW entries" I findthat close on 20 ont of 29 came from the distinction line. Besides, business people who support racing st Restriction Town hare a grievance, because they are deprived of the means of making a few pounds by debarring owners, trainers, jockeys, bookies, and punters, to say nothing of the£ talent," wjK£in tti^astbare helped to make the'dnieetdigi; a .miaiess. The committee should have gone further, and added that penons not living within a radios of 40 miles prior tothe met will be admitted to hecomas; and all horses competing at the ae«* compelled to be fed on products grown ithin th* distinction line.- d , A rabbit poison distributor on a £Kr pattern was exhibited on the vacant land WW: the floormill) on Saturday afternoon (says .the ' S M H W i - l t i&fimv; bich is pafcntjJbT Messrs King and 3['Bralney, BirtSbutti p>11ard and gnuti simultaneously, and the work dona was considered fairly goodby a number of runliolden aud selectors whoattended the trial. The machine iri some minor details is capable of improvement, but these, Mr King said, could easily beoverebme jjy *3justment. The principle upon which the distributor is worked is very simple, the working parts arc strongly niade, and the furrower. is an exceedingly good idea. Several orders were given for the machine after the trial on Saturday. • A general meetingrf the' Berrigan Jockey Club Will be held at Corcoran's Hotel 'tomorrow evening. An immigrant train passed through the town on Saturday afternoon (says last Tues day's "Narandera Argus.") Then were three waggons and a couple of-buggies,..in which were a number of farmers and their families, who have crossed the border from Numurkah, Victoria, and are taking up land in New South Wales. Among the goMe and chattels of the new arrival was a harvesting machine. 