,:°.f MI[I~lAGE- G-OOF- U.. U.IDElR. 'l Paerfic -streot srs in the slums, and nri c;ro a-s the city; 'Thu highest number upon it is :8,1k6, and the houso with 'which this unarrltive satsal? i No. 4,313. It stands thereforre, exaclly bhwfr yhctwcrn tie aibodes of poverty and weaith? Atth tim? t of the occurrence herein to o'?erilaltd, it was kept as i lodlgig and board ~:n l-p "e fir m~ n byh Mrs. J:.les I'rowitt, who,?s long r-xp sinre ha.d aede her tecn :.m wary:. lier guchst were of all classes and do tcriptions, nmlte rising from the lower street fr iucntlymceting at her table those who were daccandairg tiro the gtitility of tlio Aveume. One Oc!olrr mornig oung u Young man applied to her for a room. S?e set hcr little grey eyes shurply, upon litu, as :was her habit, but saw no!lting out of the comlmonplace. She always a divided her patrons in:to three c!nasses-those coming tip from near thelBy, those sinking from ,the Avenue, and, the sttioinary middle-class. She broewdly,placed this one among the second class, bht tha~t mado little difference to her. 'He was milium in size, with a frank face and a manner whih' gavs her the impre 0sion that hIa Icow what he was about, aid was exceedingiy wideawanko in dloing' it l!e said he wes a travelling maln.o could furnish good eferences o ' and gave hi isame ns Hlrry Mulford. t " My third- tlour front is vacant," .Sirs. 5 Prowitt said, ' but I usually get fifteen dollars amsonth for it." This 's entirely satisfactory," hiitfurd I repld. "Tihe price is sathisg ti taie althoughsI shall not occuply th-. sooa, imaio lthan. on night a month Bia I shall want it t kept rerdy for'me; thiough ya: are at liberty ti is0e at any night, providesd rou do. not receive wabrd of my 'corming Ilefore air o'clock I1 shall pajyonainadrauce, senlding you' yolr lnonys I by inl ail the sistl of rsch Mlonth" HIe drew a ruat his sor, coutedt 15 dotlltarnpou his knee, and ril;ed,'' IIer is the. first month'a rent, proviled you will lot cen have the room." . -hir. Pronitt was teo- keen to let such a chainc s!ip, cnd ihe inuickly .cldsd the trans; t cation. Hier requiroment of referenetsh:bal alaays beena a mter formr-sfte a russe to get a rid of an unprosisnig .applicant. She did not, a Lherefore, sak MllfIFrd f.ar his, considlering his h money eutliseao e.-sCdo-enur t. " It is yrobabla, said IMulford, as hit de livered the ru?ney and ros to Icavre,' that I:" shall not resppeor for everalmotlhs, and if you; do not receive fifteen dollars from me near the: 1 first of any mcnte, you sill be at liherty to let a the 'room : ,is'-tlikely "thatTniiy:send sonuo one occasionally to occupy the room, but he. will always bring a note fiot me '." SThisr piece of luck sa s tee oodd for MI. a Pr,,wilt to keip to berselfI, S:d it was soons al t matter for genersl discssion around her tables. A mann who could affert . pay foIr a room with-. S out occupying it was ?a arity , atNo. 4313, and: il Msulford beamen m iysstery. Thu irst month: passed, and tti third tl?r frjut was unoccu pied, ea-x-ept.wn;n Sirs. '?.Proit gqurtered a oI transient. Odiith la`stdiy.f this month a reg istered lette? wasl d ;livered to her, from which a she drew three crisp five-del!ar hill: and a note' a from lttlfdrd, a?alitig .that 10olw?uild soon sood: n frienei to take pos sosioc of , thu room.. icth t(i when'this and 'sera i ma- ams otil pasr.d( without other sign or representatirn.af ?iullorui tl than the regular letters iclosing the bills, thea rental of the upper chamber t~mer-.e n aensatioin. iAt last however, one asariy accemher aftecr. soona little old mean appo?.rel, trri-giog fromni ltltford a note which staoed ali; wrsh that M.rs :Prcwitt would place iln his roc., tte article tihd the bairer would deiver,; and t harve: the apart mcnt kept reoay for occupancy. The little ual a..n was quite add. ..H was msich oent a- iery 'grey;: Ilis left eye woasblind but the right, restles ro 'swc:nkhing, ssgcthls' wIth his whole countenancelmade Mrs. Prowitt think hea rcold tell . great deal, .f s; minided. i.e was not so minded; .hbewre?r- and her questinits; elicited only amuseleni to which his blinduc ss: lent ih Appearance o . contitnua winnikg. A The arliclu as brngta-s wa? a isrge, tlrie' ? flsnD Japanese acreen,. higbly "cornted ~i t gilt histo, repiiles. nidnimnals silsi Oiigi .ea-s t selves on a uaible grounid. After tihe little l ,i annhall gone, anid Sits. Psowsitt had set them b sercrnii iiiSlrtord'l rooemi, she wentrh own to the; lables to eupresa her opisio4u th.st a ?panest;.' screen wasn a queer article for a young mal o:a . send, aeand the bosrilrs agreed withll her so strongly n to repair t the apartment to e?l it. The screen was ordinary, yet extraerdin-ryn snd curiosty pleyrd alb.ot tht bambco frame atr mnhimeiecaly s the' golden de?drut eiFi ni tlsin ?t A 'natclhe, Sr .-trek, ofr denei chair would+ have Craroused: simple I- :-.xpeatortlo ''bu; ; " lapantee screRn: though. ,ot szncs?mm? . in at: micodrlo siggn sthi oiomehing5' .ipejde'd y out of the ccmmonplace, tha? bluif.ids adverrn eons \- waits: wisth lively interea..-- Aw. salc pas.s, issewuin: sad, tbulict, SAt-s 1'-owitt kocn gss' braniaga?nm hi oseinigs.: ? ao fr.ih waser potS a "iiy: it t Rsitcjier;" e.ns hung clnno toweiai uapon the rck r neither Mnutfarc nor har micrtr! pp-.arecd. - -.. L or, twelvs days siot eo' itos prepa-stio-O roadl but ubs pothe thirteenth Multaurota irer 1 npat?'s,:.. wans Iafif-pas: ei iht wO ch-. mnid dmatted iinte:r.the tparrlous. At this iour .li. eS lfdgers were out pursuing thi·: rn,.iows eveningpasaties. except .3h' 'yslor siLO W -O~; ractinsig Upopust clareon, i ';is .:.?.: :boor :ccsi, tra. r rotw icr tu w=l parLe: tspelteg te `ind a oues_" nsar .:t abot I :.ulfurd'e age, hut se ws sutrprised to ace a gentioiimant of robablby cJ. r11 was, bowotcr, well-presiers' i anld active r, d' . ?aos rrsc eey. much bee lC thR-i ap one . hoi had ever lo.dg^, .There wee a, wan instalkabl arat !ihs'vi.-he? sabout hInn -ima <"_t s :r- . Pro-' aittL'to..hl king she had 'src ?n:m odoru si ani. enwi2lorog wlexhretmald - scn; He oaneridlo, iulging blueo-nag a h.savy =ateril, a! , d . is sshota bearing RIal erro 1-50-'c sre th iie o ac ,f-ywawyer Mit's. 'sowiitt made thett ,,b'er'a-. :itfioas'distinctly; as was her habit hiit later oo cmrmens dincdlted thiem in her mind. In re. ,atinaexatly how theI oll lawyer entered the parlour, how he talkcd, end in ,escrihing him, abo always had difliculty puttiug one fact into uordJs. \- e' Somehow," she olways said, " he made me reep.? ?o ?sit right in front t o me and he -ecemedl to Is ti.ic lil:e any othir msei, but "'eirnwa somethig o rii i oir itr sllhout jilis that S~dtl$dlim cew omredl,-s kiniil of strnge shaduw .erkhlchold usitn I ad scen sipou thcA vi nue.H Is Svolo-;tooeounilcl kind snd u.rlna!ural :seoinem thing like onu reho of a real voice esicakileg away off somoewhere. I thosglhut st fiet that he was nlss-ahset-mindedl btl ths i more I lsktehd at him ste mote plinly I t aw tlat herlno soB.· res thbnufbout him 1 could not etxplain, and cari't saw, - Se ?r?e hg e a l.a ote iin llulfr rdl' ailal., 1erc Ilntroducing hism as the fri nd l ho dsi irced to ccpy Iris room for tla niiht, snl he would coniider it a favour if r s, Iro?jitt would c:stke sirm comtortohib and Ist hisn have oIl he tsilc;: $., Is t?re al)ytlsiig >~u waNt use pajticulasli y to do ?" Mrs. rqwiiL rpslked himi. She lhas ,plwsys lail creat .te5s ip en tshe f;,cl. t:lhat sh5 observcd eaerylgiing othat ourrds tlhat nightlt recoraeoly; ad ban has bten unleiyig in her Uar atirvo. SIs thers a table in the room ?" the lawyer '-sked, cheently. " Yes ; Mr. 51ulfard requi sted me to put one a for him." :. That is wel. Thsien ll I wish isto s en tirely utdtistuoll.te.. I have imany taIllr.O to ex nmine to-:sight, he; sai i, tolhis-g ithe tliue hag +a* I am niged-lc on a matter of vat inqlortnce to aSe.'lthtly r ,t,'t, and I shallll ask you iose isttnootleins Odslitted to Ise rooe-. Im ra?,ly't?6 go to wotlk nowt , if you pleise." N-.Ir.. Irowit showed Iinm to the third Iloor fro'it;turnel up the light, and before leaving, aW hi? ,flske from tihs h 'sa hIlrge bundle of papors, tied with 1pink tspesand lty them busisly u ipon the tabnlo. He lh n pullsd up a chair and sat down. Ihe noticed thsht the Jpaneese screen S:.tod stIIut three feet firoi the bhack of his Chair, ga about two feet from the wiodows, 1ratieaean laaaheid.. T".o'oero aoo no'elei r dr"--rtInt fly.m the windowsa to the pveren. ,t, witll no ountsilo Idgae:below Itheni, so nluit it w?s impos cilhi for antyone to have entered the ro. m through them. Mirs. I'rowitt has been unwav ering in this statement, as well as in declirin, I that no one was hidden behlnd the screen or elsewhere in the room when she admitted the I lwyevcr. It was only a few minutes after nine when she left the old man intently engaged over his I papers. On her way doy nsetairs she stopped in IMr. Laylor's roos io tell him that iMulfard's friend lrhd caone Seh- did so, she has said, c not because they 't :;a ll liokea it fr hi, o a lonlg, butt hecanse the ainll had given her at qurer I feeling of dread that sheo could not thraw off. She naturally wondered what could have t Ibrought so rich lawyer toe her house; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. She told Baylor of this strange inepressi-n, and ta the fact that, while with the o!t;lawyer in the roue, she had a creepy notion that she was en tir.ly alone, althtoug^h he htad ilen plain to ticr :yes. She noticed that he walked vignorously, uat his steps had been surprisingly faint, and the papers had not rattled when he teaook them s frosi the.g b: She wea irety:-cr?us?s. hb did not believoe in ghosts, she declared, but P certainly this 'was the strangest lodger she had ever rad in her souse. She was afrid somu - thing Circadful might Lhappnc ., nud she. netl ed Baylor to keep his doer open radrl to walk up the stairiay occea.inally and listen. , He promised to do so, and shea left him; . At 1s lehock sih hurried beck tind said : "' Voldoi?u' ?ii'd ..going with t.me to ier. fulf"rl's r'oom ?al?' listen outside the door ? c? Foant to lno?,, shtllhec that old eman is ai ep iag .: I teo erot. the paveement outside that Ihe bas turndthe gas out.i' " That eannot be,' Baylor answered, excited- 11 1y. " I wal:led-ip the stairs not monr that five ninutes, o an saw his light shining through. " Saw his lig:h T" echeustsMr. Prowitt, in an" twed whisper. "'It Was jiat about five minutes tgo tt ha looke' fd o os ?Iinpidement outsidte tnd hias widows we'ew ' daxl'kvcAr yoe suroe ou taw the light -? otYes; but I coul? ? ?t bar adtind inside. LI he roomu." She atr soe- night an?t?nidan'tte ll1 ht is.t Let C tL o uop the. , s t ten a.' i it heya'cedidotoh h nleor 'i room. IBrieght , tlt a 'ea ihingttaeog.?bi ttely treaisn '"ntitr. ceanato noiedd ttia ttt, lbut aeaivtaed no tanaser, Thrin i' e i?ell? h1 t ii?th co reioin e pericatly sst'nt. ' would like you o look er th tpnnomt ir.lt , oer se andis. , '" ithores' is otmetheing ae-i eires hfir.c :t Inlr.ti, ro?gt +', . is i eo n lhi ohd.dch ?i that son-s stad'in" 7tahbn eltlh and, stipping open by te, loo-cad throug' fransoome, lIls.farted,. lun asktd'- il?es; - i.vit tor get unt the stather f ted loot. ,'tlhey saiw the oid las er still sittitt; Ij 't the table with hundl-ed ife i't ppers LFeor tdin 'o -eat tleo deeply tit b'btl ct notie 4 bhat ls loong' ey . hbt'haid slipped -dow o'oer r is fore-head tad ai?o:eat overluin:g lis eyes; As & tueotied frac lit.b's racetia face to trlo deu sie 's yfure hin t 'lrs-?e o ti t atarted o ient cenugtBlyburspnn, an.n :sae Lone t at ohis i's, lie ist roekinsetg iteo tions fwrititgb ware istno.pena in hi habnd. fe i She falerei from fright, aod Ba?yloraid :o ' 't flais a ":nelada-is rr.:alrtroittn.g i er " So s'r is worse than thatto s Be is ,nete ceal eans. Snnie?.tirigav? itii gotiiogjii tt ap r Zttao, I di.1 no-qci~e teuoo thia .tan ltinlferd .itid thi. aLh srt.ort W'iyi y io -t fq n:ihr e aireired ..i iser?e re anad t't ,copirild t, if ever ytahi iadna biee. rig' t, . o his to tl?tIei . Look here. j yid you Re, ct, screren move?"v iNoa, l did tot, su- i '.c 'topp shenoptly. --?or two itde roe rwo .hatrdiithbaee'n; an.,dh ct eiltee i ad t ;tin?eos k'- . I~t .~ t om the laRour f d earried t stnalthi:y ?rewtr?."ltahosd man. 't"r y e- o - irg. and tsenoIar' tmgly e?ld grime ,' -.aisch aries na woad ale isyl thu slimel a-e: 4:c- n'ta eAr ewersa--es t.With cthbs c-entioo hi iol-1 'aw ?tntil itth t t carri;ci it .sdoilesscl anln 't-slct, rl't' it alinolt tatci. ts-e -, i'itama': -hir" t'tae ' h-.areS, "apod tii, and stood t scteeiy?an re inrianotly ai headimnse from t- -t tir i. ITlte terrible aface te 'the- twso cout-1 ian i'tcihe's :iieti ean' 'ieb:' ileneso and: icked'iecsotf nn ai torntewas groend 'etc' each 0 Juteha1e a.ed Moioted? f-atiare: T ' the merrible S Ctiirotu ckI e1 'ie :saa onibiTta: pe r e?te o'i: a-eue t at r, te inteats?o -e tritalih.Taser,, wrt h hhueril e stild of -st.isf tein, 'eee mnt a 1 Mr. IrwLtt etraek ci:h a acream frot ta. sig t.t; oaf fr.L te a sitting yastura ttira r :atair ; w e i?°yler, arcu-;ed to etchu, ?e -isn-t apgoc Ue ian of t- ee t trar.s 'areia.t irked ~sr. t' lo- dr I:ut t e olta :sa' c.- Ain-ter r-?ace y riing at ".. table, and ttr 'ss'asen was '-t tyed tn Lt purposec. i i at t:f. , skis. \- Crok- be raife f-ll, and tray,,:r 'an it sat. tao therb, lawy rt aresr, -anr t:ar.t rcr.tla pn ttie sair and lii . t cat: yoor. ir ieal; po'r; o o:ai nd :hr su oihstlhf ns e a'x:tkhed ar, " ietcp i.e berm, Mrs. Vr'vsitt . ; "rn- . t "' The,") ;a:-:r ias sectr mturder-d. ''h: dis is lock upon lt he inside. aIc l rt break r a 'Their is a mcegatch- o lees t wa-it"' .. : nd the dor, suag in. nylor too-k tel l r.i.' stp 'r aretl, but sopped uplon tl:he il ith a ettattlecd cy Ta: rooh m was dark and sadaile:t. ano tnoe or sound of death-stugg;: ag eams: from the murderedl tran under the table. " A match. Mlr-. l'rowitt," he said; for ethe lovre of hea.ren. let os ?ve a light here o" " There is a matct-safe ov?r the nas ch-santt itn the corer," igasherl tie iatdl tady. For a few muon.uta .flylaor gropad tr. t*-e Ltler s tor e. mneati. At lrst he strec iela. and the gsa ptffed ap. iHe snbrat ' bact against tbe wRel by chte ie-. The roos: eR eattircly deserted : the seble was bare of lena a papers'; the seesen stoodl it ts oere or the ?tanlorw an?l there a ts ta boael ,of a otur d-reciman upor the adr, gonor any ruohl a.r other treae u' t im. The room was preei-ely St it hod been before thu lauyer game. J* thoe midst of an anitooted discatssisn, at lirs. troaiatt's table text moratitag, of aba 'tlango crinme, one of she bouareer, etad litetady broabtasted and gone otat, rushdt ack withl a paper, whichi, under display, itealt-int. told of tehel brtl murder of Abel Chr:stianaa, ne of thie city's roted latwyers. It dletailed now he Ihad hren cittitngin the s?tuly at his hoae 'a the reuac, koing over some vahtablhe ppap r . in theo atter of a vast et.dat i: litigation. Tie, muraderer had entered throughl a awitdow, had crept upon Mtr. ('hristiantea unelcr cover of a Japanesce rcr-een that stooil bhthinh his chair, and had struck him to the hear- with a dagger. The aoaseir, who .had espcaped with all the papers, was supposed to beone of the hIeirs to the pirolrly anli 0no of the nmost dangerous criminals of the hlumls. Atbout 10 o'clock o0 the same morning t?be littleoll iman w.o Ilrought the Japanese scrcen anpeared at No. 4313, saying that Mr. Mulford had asnt him for it. -,' I don't knowr that I ought to let yon hbnve it," said Mta. Prowitt. i' \Py not ? " askeol t?e little old man, with n queer twinkle oIf his unblinded eye. " Theen was a terrible murder on the Avenue lat- night by at man who stabberd a lawyer from behind a Jipa5nece screen, and I and one of my lodgers saw tie vision of a man come from bc hlind Mr. lMulford's scrcen anl kill a strange old mant who lhad coma e on Mr. Mulford's friend." " It is certainly remarkable," said the httle old man, rnhlintg his blind eye; " but yoo cmr tainliy won't keept Mi. Mulford'a scteen just bt cains ytau saw a visio- " .ý"o p- fort it, theti, foar I wo't t eh it," I l~,l'i : l'toii't -."1 will be glad to lave't e Srilri.. thing out of my house. If I asn.'t afraid'.lf atI would r:ot ht y)ou have it." Worn the rttle old man reops eated, calrying the e hreen. she said : " If I could ace how there could be any ton nection betwten this screen and the one eoi the Avenue I .would keep you here and send for the police." "' I don't see what possible conncetion the t." could be," said the little old man, ducking. r.i lhed sidewise and squinting at her quizziCnil,'. " If I could I wouldn't ask you for the cere"r'. But I will ask Mr. Mulford. and if there i.. of course I'll come aronmd and te.ll you. a By the ray, he says you need not keep the room for him any longer." And picking up the screen he briskly walked away 