Origin&i; Novelette. \- —THE—. Royal George Beef. | An Australian Tale. BY PAUL TWYFORO. [Axil 'Rxdnm Rbbe&vsd;] *%' '-'II. — (OonnmiED.). [?] rag^a^'erfect tornado : as^e loved lhe girl crab/ -and eo capeizelhe pMff. This would ' afford hif' ihcropportumty toeitbersave her .jjutj or mi/ awiuuirn. ? jsui/ ub Knew snBcuuia Ystfimlike a dock, 'and therefore a voluntary immorsftn* would serve him np thing; though, if in upsetting; the boat both of 'them should 'be drowned, ^tbat should be something gained. It was a selfish thought ; and Just then, he felt mad enough, aud wicked enough to have done 'whit his evil genius prompted him to do. But there ;was no certainty aboiit it, for she would 'surely be no party to her own destruction— indeed, why should fibe P He was to blame, and ho- knew it. She had 6bown herself a true woman, possessing both ? sense and firmness, and he. -felt humbled. . He .was thoroughly ashamed of himself, but too obstinate and self-willed to gdmii' having erred, and too proud to ask forgive ness. \- During Fred's stiff pull ? against the rapid . stream, Kate could not help commiserating with the misguided young man'; and she ' smiled pityingly, as ho held .down his head so as to escape her ' gaze. Poor fellow ! she thought, 'he7ll come round by tho time we reach tho'house. He did not, though; and when bo made the boat fast at the little stone jetty, he hadn't even the good manner* to assist her to land— not- that she required his help, though she fully expected it. And \- when mey iarnvedat the .oroad, oool verandah surrounding the house and never extended t*\ liim her usual- invite to partake of refresh ment, Fred pulled bis cabbage tree hat over ? his eyes ancl strode away without . saying ' good bye.' He was a rude young man ; bat . a magnificent auimal for all that; and Kate Bobey knew it. As Fred strode homewards—bis fathers farm was half a mile or so farther up tho river^-he cursed himself for being an in ? temperate fool and-ablook head -whioh ho ' really was— and vowed that Kate Robey was ' *' tbeonly woman worth having-— thus showing \- ihatthe- fellow was not altogether- lost to reasoh, and that hiajudgmentof womankind; waaeoundr Butwhata contrary, mortal lm 1 r-m nsfc-ha ve -been , ior ^nly awhUeflgobehad . ~ actuaUy contemplated both ? murder, and siu ,-.cidflj .-v ^O^verview stood 'bn an eininenoft close to; ir and overlooking the $Tepean ; it was as com ' iortablean old'fashioced -country house ~ '? * Ab any in the laad may bo,* Built in the old colonial day, When inan lived in a graoder way - ? ' . .With ampler hospitality' , ' At first sight it had too much of the appear ance of afort about it; but though externally looking no— being built of hugenlooks of un : dressed sandstone — reocnLimprovemonta had made it v&y; comfortable within — lor ,^te v Bobey'stefiiiinghands wore seen everywhere. was praotically -nnstrcss, and she spared t Tioo^ensb to make the.' old family mtiairivu ? oonform with modern ideas and requirements, -ud now tuxdsr hoccoutrollinghimd . ? * A region of repose it seems, A place of slumber and of dreams.* ' Tn the old days it might have been a -5ov- '? ^ynmRtifbarrftokaj ana now ic was not only ttie largest and strongest house in tho district; butthe oldest j and no doubt, if its musive ?ifraBfl could speak they' would funnel grUe . fiomo food for tho sensational novelist. . . . -Here Kate was born, and heroher grand father, aud hor jnothor died. ? Foraomeyonrs, . assisted by a guvetneBs. ehe bad an old cosiplo bg caretakers whoa tfcfi' family 'was away* \- flhe h ni not' only ndted a^nothor's pan to wardH bar youngur br^tbOTB and sislors; but had inflnaged her futlier's1 atfaira as cirrum BpecUy os & grown^womaii could have dooe. ^he understood her position well; sad so as hoE.i&ttitt; Waaa iridAWt «nd until th& ypmigsr children ware grown np, she felt that her place was . h«r*, or at the town house, on one- of - the bay; of Fort Jack* son. Her fathbr was at one or the other of his several stations the greater part of the year; be'had the most implicit faith in Kate, and it server oocurred to him that she was merely' a ' .girl, or that anything could possibly, go wrong where she was concerned. She loved Fred Morley ; bntber duty to her father and brothers and Bisters was paramount ; and if Fred would be 'unreasonable it .was' no fault of hers. This old country house was Kate's harem of rest after the season's excitoment in Sydney v For \- ' Bound this old-fashioned, quaint abode Deep eilenoe reigned, save when a gust Went rushing down the oountay road, . And skeletons of leaves and dust, A moment quickened by its breath, Shuddered and danoed their danoe of death ?- Add through the anoient oaks o'er head, Mysterious voices moaned and fled,* and, one might add, when the river swept madly, impetuously by in flood time. But Kate was. not much of a sentimentalist, and no fears of either ghosts or mnpflanfl terrors disturbed her. If a suspicious look* * ing character came about the place and did not give a good account of himself, she dis played a stockwhip and let two fine -mlastifis off the chain ; if fioofo came and covered the low . lands, Kate was the first to go to jthe .assistance of her .poorer neighbours. . 'Many a life she had saved, - many a poor, hotiBeless. family she had sheltered and . ied. ?She . was loved, by all'for miles around, Bud * Happy was he who -might touch her hand . or the hem of her garment.' She was rather proud of her physical accom plishments ; for she excelled in. swimming and rowing, was a most accomplished ana fearless rider, conld knock over black ducks and 'wild pigeons as well as any of the young men about, and play orioket and fence with the best cf them. Second to one only was she in any of these ihing^» and that one was Fred Morley, and she honestly confessed that he was her master. . No wonder, Chen, that she was proud oi him, or that she. loved hini; for ' Shn was.a woman now with the heart and hopes of a woman.1 And when Fred -loft her'tbat evening in ?the abrubt -manner, I have described — so un like himself —she folt more inoliuod to indulge iu a good cry tlian ever she bad -in all her young ( life. And as she stood on the' broad' verandah, looking out over the broad expanse ? uf lowland, -a sad expression came ovor that noble face, usually so bright and jolly, and sho appeared tijore beautiful, I am sure, than ever Fred Morley had -seen her';- so lovely that had ho been there he would have thrown himself at 'her feet and craved hor forgiveness for his rudeness. . She was^ indeed, 1 A. sight to make an old man young.' * What an nnreaso'na6le boor I hare bcerl,' muttered Frod Morley to himself as Be strode rapidly bloiig the lane leading to bis father's farm. ' I have lost hoi; for ever— and it serves me right. I can stay here no longer ; L should go mud to sec her day after day und know* that she was no longer, for me. . Besides, to remain here is simply to be a clod all. *my life ; aud as a farmer merely I can never approach her again, after the insult X threw at her. No, I'll travel ; -and, though they oppoae it at home, I will go. It is iot the. best (and here poor Fred ft lt-a choking sensation), even though 1 never see her. again/ . A.nd here, I think, Fred , did a ^-ery sensible tho young 'woman as Miss ^obey-^iandsome face and'iignra, and-ihepbpsettor of wealth — ;shoold remain unmarried simply bocause a' mad, head-strong boy, .whom sno had once smiled upon, had mad© a fool of himself P . Whatever excuse. Fred Morley made at home for this sndden 'resolve of his, is immaterial to this story ; and a few days after his abrupt departure from 4Kiver .viow,* a well-equipped young horseman was picking his way among the farms of thfe Oatlereagb Flats to the ' Falls,* which would load him most directly to Bell's Line. It was. Fred, .mounted on a 'young thorough*-' bred he ? had reared, and ' got np ' in the fosliion usual in those dsys —strapped riding trpasow, Crimean shirt and cabbage tree hat -awhile in front of him was strapped his cout and gun, and behind his blankets, hobbles and quart pot. He was a picture as he rode ' towards the steep pass to the river, just then lit up with the first warm rays of 'the morn ing son.. He and his steed seemed one, so well were they matched, and toother they were such as win favour in woman's eye9, Fred Morley was a splendid fellow, and witli a little breaking in he might have been, a Bayard;- as. for his temper— well, a. little adversity, traVel, roughing it-*and strange company wonld soon tone that down and make him a more amiable *? being. , Ho grioved 'sorely, though, as turning round in his saddle he took a long, wistful look' towards River view, for he could still seethe house on the precipitous bluff by the river ^ and his heart went out towards' the dear one he knew to be there, and *ho, he thought, would be mad with grief and vexation. Put magnificent a feUosr as Fred Morley was, ? Katq ftobey was certainly not orying her eyes out. Kot she ; she was a woman,, and he but a foolish, self-willed boy. - At tho same time,' she knew what a real'good fellow he was at heart ? . and when, later in the day, they fold her that Fred Money had left home for the diggings,, she paled and felt siok^t heart— in faot, she felt inclined to cry, laud, only that her conscience did not aoouse her of anything, she might have done so ; she felt that she tos in ihe right, and she;kept her tears for some other occasion., She had hoped, until ^told that Fred was.gone,' that khe wpald.oomo.ip hsr., .' Ppor bpy?-she had said, *ho is mad enough . w^tji iiinsdf . by thia tim^ -and he'll be here by a&di; bye,* humble an'd cOntrite, and reasonable ^enough to.seo that he was^U in the' wrong/ - ?; 1 Bat now It 'was .all ovpr ; still^ uie believed that he would coine some 3^ and. opnfess to her that he was to blame.' However, * Biver view' all at onoe seemed inferably dull and lonely, and nert ^dqy Uiss Kobey weatto Sydney ..for a ohange. . , And Fred !— well, he; ,was jogging along BtsU's tone, .intending- to make for the Turon by way of Cherry Tree 17- : . - Ten years is a jong time in the life of a 'man or a woman ; and ten ye&re; had soemed long-^h^so long-f— to tho aonr persons par tioblorized in tbis narrativn. - Ten yeaTS had, -wruught great clianpres iu some of then, if not Si, and, possibly, the changes haft bean; for 4he r be&; (A big goldfield — the Icrgest and richest ever^known' on this aide of the Australian continent — had just been op«n«( in the MudgeerdljU^ot' ; and brown fac^d swagsmen, bearded like pards, hurry ing thithnr from all parts of 'Australia. Qnlgong, ' the cfentro jof this 4argti- field, was approached from Mndgee hy ^aree .routes known as the/Piper'S Flat, Memih'Flat and Slasher- Flat roads i.' and t-i9 Oadgegoug Biver had to be crossed, ;no matter which' route one took. It was near, the close of & stifling hot day in February that two swags men rested by tho riverside; .they were watching tho tepidly ritdng. streatn, .then, running a banker, -with oon-Voorable interest, at the' Slasher's Flat crossing. .They were not ouly VAsting after -a long days's walk, but were speculating as to how. they should oross the turbulent waters. The * promised land/ to reach whioh thejr had lttX ked for may days fa snooesslon, lay straight fcheri / Alt 8 aft the joint purse was at -low ebb, it was im perative that .they should reaoh their goal' that, evening, and how to cross tho stream they did notknoiy. There had been a heavy thunderstorm the prerious day, and the waters were likely to rise until the morrow. While thns impaled on ^ tho horns ' of a dilemma, as it ware, a' buggy', drawn by a pair of powerful, high spirited horses, dashed up to the edgo~of the stream on the same side .as the swagsmen were ; and without hesitation tho driver — a dark visaged, master ful-looking, middle aged man — lashed the fiery animals into- tho angry waters. The thing was so sndden that the' two swagsmen had not noticed a lady in tho vehiole until the horses were, off their feet and plunging madly with the rolling waves, and the buggy had turned .'right round and was drifting down into. the deep water below the ford. The two men hallowed to tho driver to head up stream-Has also did some teamsters oaxnped on the other side of the river ; but it was too late, for the vehicle .had turned broadside -on to the current, and was over turned before their eyes. As quictk as thought the two men had flung off their boots and dashed into the seething foam ; both were powerful swimmers, and. as good luck would have it, the teamsters had, with much judgment, thrown a long rope to the foremost swimmer, who, however, was so intent upon saving the ' woman that he did l not notioe the action.- ? His-mate grabbed the ! -rope, however, just as the other clutohed the , i woman's dreBS as ? she was oast up from beneath the buggy. Her. rescuer was him- I I self . in danger, for the current was too strong i .for him, when bis mate, a much more power - I ful man, with an. almost superhuman effort ! reached them, and, still graspingthe friendly ' rope, was hauled ashore by the men on the bank. He was a Splendid fellow, was this big, yollow-beardedswagsman, and the way he iheld on to tho rope while supporting the ^ other two- was surprising, and ho was warmly 1 cheered by the teamsters as he carried the . apparently lifeless body of tho woman up the bank. His mate was much exhausted, but ! was prompt in bis -instructions .to tbo teamsters to run and get brandy, hot water — anything that. would bring the woman -to. life. His eagerness was so inteusfe that his big mate looked at him 'enquiringly, as he proceeded to loosen the lady's ores? ; and the 1 teamsters . suggested that as 'there was a public-house close by it were better to cany her there. They knew the landlady to be a good, sensible woman, and she and her daughter wonld do &U; that was required. This was immediately acted upon, and the poor woman was soon in the hands of her own sex; while -the two Bwagsmon were kindly supplied with dry clothing by the teamsters, and. quarters offered them for the night. - Nothing was seen of either the man, the horses, or buggy : the firet bad been dragged out of the vehicle by the plunging hones as he. held the reins, and all were drowned ; while his wife— if such she was— n-ust have cljing to the vohiole and thus saved her life. . * By George, old man, that was a narrow esoape,' said tbe stalwart hero of- the rope, as they walked down to the teamster's camp ; 'but what's the matter with you— are you hurt ?' * No, Fred, I am not hurt physically ; but never mind now,' let lis make haste back to the house to Bee how she is, and get away from here. We must get oar swag*, any how,- and shift our wet dads. But tell me, Jack, old friend, what made you look at the woman so strangely when we laid hor on the bank P* ' It ck% make no difference ; wet or dry, let us go away. The lady-^-tbe woman we | 'saved— is well, ^she of whom I have spoken sometimes.* j ^VAnc^lyet ypii would run away .from her, these yrars ''Mr «aSers -rfll have detected in my two swagsmon Jack Blandy and Fred Morley, who bad been mates and close f liends for ' some years, r They, had met at Cooina when% on their way to Kiandra, and since then -had travelled pretty well all over the Australian continent and New Zealand. They had bad1!; various luck at the Snowy, Lambing Flat, Forest Beefs, Q-lanmire, Gympie and the West Coast, and were now as poor as ever they were. They had mado money, of coarse, but speculation and travelling had absorbed most of it, and whatever they had ' to roare they had sent home to their friends., Jack had not forgotten his father, and bad assisted him- with money to educate his brother. Of Lily Fanshawe he bad heard but little — simply that her father was dead fand that she had left Basildon. Fred, too, had heard that |£ate Bo bey was still un married, and that she was often a visitor at ; his fatW'fi farm. , . At the. new 'goldfield .they hoped to be] among the lucky -ones, and therefore were anxious to get there, because, on a new gold- i field, 1 the early bird piokB np the early worm.7 : Opportunities were plentiful, the! ^rea of; the- .field was large, and already j several payable .reefs and leads had. boen I ^discovered, and, there was every prospeot of the permanenoe'bf the goldfield. £tence our twp friends were desirous of continuing their journey as soon as; possible, Tbev wonld have started th^t night only that their swags were still on the Mudgee side of the river, . and their clothing was not yet dry The .teamsters wore very kind, and lodged them as comfortably as they would have been at the innV Next morning, however, they were on tramp early, and ^Ailing- at the' inn .to 'enquire' now the ; lady was, 'heard that ahe was muoh better before she left with Mr. Prows e, of Gantalang, and that 'she had left wor$, With' the landlady thbt her rescuers were ^to call at Gahialang House to. see her. I Qantalsng was a .fine 'property of 4,000 acres i situate ;on the CudgegOng Biver. lhe , owner,' ;,Mr. Prowse, ' was the -prinoipsl , squatter iu the district. . When gold, .was found tit Gulgong, and {raped tn to hie^-free-: hold «tand, he opoced tt 'out to' -the 'miners , for a monthly ; payment, ! together! ' with -a royalty of ^a fifth of the gold .produced, and an entrance fee of from JGlO to £60, acoording to poeition^Jf'tiie lead.' ? . {.. ,? ,:;i[To »B OONBmjKD.) ; The man who pays_his rent most hustle, and the man who'-doesn't pay his rent is obliged to keep moving*— Lynn Item i£eei- your boots shining— there is some, jnystenoos Connection between a shiny boot and a cheerful heart. — Atchison Globe. Some philanthropists take more-pride in lifting a man' from the gutter thanin helping ! him across it.~Donaboe's Magazine. ? i Watch lyour conscience ; if it approves of everything you do'it is on indication that you ape becoming 'conoeitedr-rExohange. '.;A Durham, K.O., politician is bringing a JLibel suit against a man who cartooned him as a Durham bull. 1 Be'cax^t see the jpoint of tho joke beoause he's the bott of it. '' As soon . as the engagement is announced tho young man begins to obeetve that thire. areolhergirls besides hisbetrothed whoare pretty Atchlsoji'Globe. ... Office Boy— Dore's two men out dere wants to seo yer ; one of 'em's a poet and' totfcer'n 'sadpefman. - Editor— Well, out and tell the.poet that the deaf man is the editor.— Puot. , ? . 1 ' Has. old Tough auit smoking P1 in quired one man of another. 1 X don't know whether he has or not, but he died the other £ay/ was the evasive reply. —Philadelphia Reoord. Mrs. Yearwed— 1 1— I wish to look at some babies1 shoes.' Shopmaa,— 1 White kid?1 tfn. Tewwed— 'flirl* . 