Benefit Entertainment The minstrel and variety enter tainment in aid of Mrs Wilson even tuated oa Wednesday evening last at the Oddfellow's hall, and the committee have every reason to be gratified with the results, seeing they will be enabled to hand over to Mrs Wilson about £8 after paying expenses. The entertainment was somewhat prolonged seeing it was followed by a dance, and nearly every number was encored. The first part was minstrelsy, in which the parts of bones and tambo were taken by Messrs W. Hessell arid J. Lewis, while Mr S. Messiter acted as interlocuter. The singing of Mr J. Heneon and W. A. McDonald (Wol longong) deserve special mention, while Mr E. Chamberlain was good, but we do not think that gentleman appeared at his best. The following ie- the programme.: — Overture, Mr C. Rowell; opening choruB, 'Sailing' Company ; song, ' You've been a Good Friend to Me ' Mr J. Henson ; song, ' Good-bye Mavourneen ' Mr S. MeBsiter ; song, ' Hush, Little Baby 'Mi J, Lewis ; song, 'My Mother Told Me So' Mr S. Watson ; song, ' Johnny, Get Your GunI' Mr W. Hessell; song, 'The Old Rustic Bridge' Mr W. Osborne. The first part concluded with a well played ' Ghost Scene.' The second part opened with an over ture by Mr C. Rowell ; then followed trio, ' A Little Farm Well Tilled ' Messrs E. Chamberlain, W. A. McDonald and 8. Messiter ; comic song, ' I can't Change It ' Mr T. Christie; song, True Till Death!'' Mr E. Chamberlain ; recitation, ' The Progress of Madness' Mr W. J, Knight ; song, ' An Irish Speciality ' Mr R. O'Rielly; song, 'The Mid shipmite' Mr W. A. McDonald; song, ' Rather ' Mr J. Carney ; stump Bpeech, Mr W, Hessell. The whole concluded with a very laughable faroe entitled ' The Lightening Barber,' which created much - amusement, the prinoipal characters being taken by Messrs S* Measiter, W HgbbbII, and 3. Lewis. At the close of the entertainment a pleasant hour or two was spent trip ping the light fantastic to the strains of musio from the Eatoombh Brass Band, who rendered good service in various ways. Mr C. Rowell acted as accompanist throughout. 