THE TURKISH, SITUATION. STAMBOUL IN BLOOD. A WEEK’S ATROCITIES. The last English papers delivered are full of accounts of the week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning of last month. The cable messages but faintly convey (hp idea, of tho atrocities perpetrated. The Daily News says ;— The summary of the week’s trouble is that the Armenians wished to make a demonstration which should hasten a solution in favor of their co-religionists; that tho Porte determined that it should not take place, while unwise leaders, of tho Armenians had made up their minds that it.should, even though force became necessary. This was their grdat mistake;' because once there was a question of force they fmd not a chance of success; but, being men driven to dispair, they went through with- their programme, Then Moslem fanaticism, armed and in authority was let loose, and , every Armenian who was armed became a victim, together with-hundreds” who were unarmed, ' There had been no rising,. no insur reotion, or rebellion ; but opportunity had been taken of the employment of violence at the - presentation of a manifesto by persons in despair to ,let loose upon these poor wretches the violence of tho Mohammedan portion of the community, and the revenge taken has been cruel and brutal,, , Many of the men who have been killed aremon who were simply frantic from the looses they or their relations have incurred, and who were reckless of consequences. I verily believe that there are dozens of men who have gone about the business in sheer desperation absolutely careless whether they would be ; killed or not. One such man was in the employ of an English merchant. He, too, was remonstrated with, and ordered to go'on penalty of being dismissed. He : went, and after three days’ prison, in he states that he was beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former self, and one mass of bruises. The following experience relates to a person well known and-respected by many American missionaries in the capital, and is related to me by that person himself. An ollice bearer iu an Armenian Protestant church at Guedik Pacha in Stamboul, where one of the most serious attacks was made, was engaged in superintending the building of a church at Guedik Pacha on that day. About 10.30 in the morning, seeing many Moslems about, and believing that his life was in danger, he wont to the chief police prison in Stamboul to ask for protection. He was arrested, but a Moslem who knew him vouched for his character, and he was released, and obtained some police to accompany him. The police, however, did nothing. The mob of Softas, gypsies, and others had in creased, and he therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re* arrested and detained in prison. While there he witnessed the arrival of the Armenian prisoners, who were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, the floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to whom he was known protected him from being beaten. He declares that he and others saw four soldiers beat an Armenian porter to death, and afterwards three other persons. As the prisoners wore brought in they were sent into an inner court, brutally beaten, and kicked down a flight of steps into a dark cellar. Ho himself was sent into this cellar, and found there a man with his arms and legs broken. Altogether there wore a hundred prisoners there. During two hours tho outlet was closed, and while those within feared death from suffocation, they heard tho awful cries from "above of man being beaten. -My. informant was released from the cellar .after sunset on Monday. Eighty eight persons spent tho night in a room luff, square. Four others of tho congregation of the same Protestant Oharch were similarly arrested, but on Wednesday morning they and a great number of other prisoners were allowed to go free. Incidents like tho following could be given to a sickening extent, but this one must serve as a sample :—On Tuesday the police had arrested in Ghedik Pacha, Stamboul, an Armenian from the pro vinces, a strong, powerful man. The prisoner was escorted by two policemen and two soldiers of the regular army. Two Softas followed tho escort. When they reached an isolated place in the quarter, one of tho two Sofias who wore following the prisoner suddenly struck a heavy blow on tho head of tho poor Armenian, who, after staggering for a moment, foil covered with blood. The policemen and tho soldiers began to kick him in order to make him get up. When the man got up ho struck in wild despera tion with his fnt at one of tho soldiers, who foil, and ho also kicked tho oMuv. lie was at once overwhelmed by the number of his assailants and killed on tho spot like a dog. Not far from the hospital we passed two closed waggons with bodies, and at tho door we mot one, just emptied, com* ing away. Inside, near tho chapel, eight mutilated bodies that had just come. 1 was disguised, to avoid tho suspicions of tho Government oflioials, and first visited the hospital proper. In one of tho beds was a woman who had been stabbed iu the left lung. She also had a cut under the knee, and another ugly cut in the wrist showed she had tried to defend her self. Her wound in tho breast is mortal. She said that about midnight of 1st October they had hoard the mob coming outside. She, her husband, and ’father, together with a family of cotenauts, con* sistiug of a man, his wife, son, and daughter, had tried to hide themselves with some bales of cotton. The Turks came upstairs with torches, crying, * Are there any mien hero V When they dis covered tho women screening tho men, they dragged thorn all out. She and the qthhr women wore wounded. Tho men wore killed, but tho girl escaped. To wards morning they wore sent by the police to the hospital. • *Tho story of the other woman is so horrible that I can give only the outlines. She was-with ohild at the time, and after a severe blow on tho hoad, she received a a largo out la tho abdomen, resulting in premature birth. She was still alive when she reached the hospital, but died soon after. There woro deep outs iu her arm, anti, on her hand, which she had said she ■received in defending her husband. Another woman had boon sent by tho Government this morning, She was literally black and blue all over, and was tho most sickening sight I saw all tbo afternoon. She said that', in order to hide, she bad climbed with her husband into a troo, bat they had boon discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed, horsolf (akon to prison, and her child lost. From the prison she had been sont to tho hospital. Their house was sltuqtod in a Moslem neighborhood" , - Leaving tho Hospital proper, X accom panied tho doctors in their official oxomi notiphrof Sd of tho bodies, do ;awf«l is , (Kd impression stamped on my memory that I fear a description in my own Inns guage of what I saw would bo too horrible :to print, and I will translate the official descriptions of several bodies that were examined in my presence by an Italian physician : ‘ 43rd body male, stature tall, age 29 years ; two stabs in the head, one deep cut disjointing tho nock, two deep wounds on the right nrm, three on the left arm, two on the left hand, contusions on all tho dorsal region and the shoulders,24 wounds in the back, one on tho left side, with fracture of rib. ’ ‘ 44th body, male, stature medium, age 45 years ; contusions on all parts of the cranium, Gvo stal.s in tho back, cerebal hemorrhage.' ‘ 45th body, male, stature medium, age 52 years ; two dt ep wounds in the cranium, deep cut under the left maxillary, multiple contusions on the head, eight wounds of the third degree in the right arm, three in the left arm, 10 stabs in the breast, five in the back, many bruises from a club on the left shoulder.’ ‘46th body, male, stature tall, age 22 years; multiple contusions on the head, four stabs in tho back, one very deep, cuts on the back and legs,’ ‘ 47th body, male, stature medium, age 45 years; innumerable wounds with an axe on the head, complete crushing of the skull, one wound in the right forearm, two stabs in tho right side, another on the shoulder, and one in the lower back.’ ‘4Bth body, male, stature medium, age 35 years; six stabs in the cranium, with complete fracture, two very deep wounds in the back and contusions all over the body.’ * 49tb body, male, stature medium age 35 years; innumerable wounds all over the head, the right ear cut off, with fracture of the occipital bone,andonebullet hole in the left shoulder, with fracture of bone, two stabs on the right shoulder, one in the loft arm, a cut in the left wrist, 16 stabs in the back, three in the left leg.’ ‘ 50th body, male, stature medium, age 32 years ; fracture of cranium by stabs, contusions on the left arm, 15 stabs in the back, three bullet holes in the neck, multiple contusions over all the face, a cut on the nose'and one on the lips,lo stabs in the chest and two in the abdomen. And so the list goes through with the description of SO bodies. It is evident, of course, that this examina tion was made only ns an excuse to note and keep a record of the condition of the bodies. There wore two Govern* ment officials on band, who hampered examination and questioning. Most of the stabs in the head seemed to have been made with knives or swords after the body was down. I cannot imagine how such deep and true wounds could have been made while th a person was alive and standing. I saw only four bodies which seemed to have been struck with axes. Of these, one was cut in the neck, another had his left side cut open, and the two others were hacked a countless number of times in tho cranium. Most of the thrusts in the bnek ar.d chest, the examiners said, and so it seemed to me, must have been made with bayonets, and after the body was down. The few bullet holes that wore pointed out were so well placed that they must have been fired point blank. It was impossible to state to what class of society the dead belonged. All were males. Only where the clothes were very many bodies were only wrapped in winding poor were the outer garments left on, and sheets. Four or five I noticed wearing white shirto, and one Cuff was found with a laundry mark, 69 ; only two could be conclusively identified as hamals or porters. The clothes were all very much soiled from blood and dirt. Tho age varied from 22 to 55, witli the vast majority in the thirties. 