r y His Ideal. " lo yu hold f.t. to your ideala? " sh, Sasaked. "I t .uld if I had a chance," he answered, softly. " You are mine." The Spur. She:" You %ill have to work hard it you wil her." IT'e ouet: " I'll have to work h rder if I don't." Useless. "See, 'tyor, here'sa Germ an clock I Loul:t for yor in New York." "G'ood 'grraiolls, Hirau! how foollih. You know I can't understand a word of Germnn." Truthfulness Pays. lie "Do you dawuce " She (who lha Leen informed that he is a bore): "No." 11o: "Neither do T. Lot's spend the ovoning just talking to each other."-Ly(e. Had All Sho Needed. I o(after a long explanation as to lwhy ho loves her): "In view of all this, Miss ]MIarlow- Estallo-I roilr you my 11I1u." She: " Thank you, Mr. Borely, but really the two I have are all 1 need." The Tired Oyster. An oyster said to hlimself ono night, At the start of a banquiet spread: I" I,'ro 1' li at supper witil these s oil follis, When I'd rothlir be liouie in rmy hlil." -I'iladit lphia 'imes. Curious Term. Tho magicial throw a teacup into thi nir, nInd it camno down ill frageiontl. Th'len lie throw thi fragimouel in tli-air, and tih cup canno down whole. Now why shutl every one call him, a saucrer P The Feline's Fate. MIrs. MloTorrigan :'"Phwlihat's become of O'Learoy's ould yollow toin-cat?" Mrs. O'l)ooley ".I dlnno ; but their da:ughther Molly is sportin' wah o' thimi new fashion mink booys."-Brooklya Eagle. A Russian Joke. At a country ball. " My dear sir, you have just stepped on my p])rtnor's foot. 1 demand satisfaction." "Ohi cottainlyi yonder sit moy nuiftu-go and step on hor foot.'-- ýcl(erbirglskuya Gasela, No Danger. "Thero: is ono thing I dread," ronmarkod Johnson, "and that is a prem. I ature hurial." "Don't worry about that," replied Jlrown. " The tiling is il iponsiblo Iliro's no danger of your being buried too soon." Two Dialoots, lisa Ilrownstono (at Ieo reception), " Let 1s again converso in French, Count." .Thlio Cotint;l." zliall lb mot nhappy to coulply. Ec--alihll'eu talk ini your Frouch or in my rrinch ? "-Chicago News. A Lakeside Success. "I hner you took the Wsut by stormn." ".'ell, I should say so. Why, the first 'tuo I got on a cable-car halt the mlon offered tlioir sonts, tloh other half tried to pry tiy fare, tho conductor gavo im a pass, nod tlio motor-mau came in and proposed to mo." PreDaratory Dlscipllnoe. "No, I'll not nmarry. 'I -think I'll bo como a Sister of Charity," " You don't know what that neoans." "Don't I Ilaven't I oat up with you every night frodm eight to one for IhrCo nIlonths" ? In for It., Gamin (on discoi .ing his teoaher in a poeiloa plosition) i"' 'iy, Jiuiimy.. wot's do imatter wid yer P Ycr a losin'do chance of yer lifetimul Ilero'a do touchor wot kep' ius libth in yesterday, gono cloaii through i the ico I .Ain't dis a puddin' ?" .-;': Ha' dH Not. - A Slo) : "01iyes, ima.inms andrI lvo lnchl I tlio slmo tastes. Do you think I am lil;o my mother ? " lie (an old widlover) I " I hpe not. Your ollther rojected mae twenty-four years ago." A Domostlo Paradox. A qnoorilh thing about our hired girl, Iho1 got uipycetor morin and went away: I'iotug very tightly laced, this kitchen •l'omrl Was j3st the kind of girl that wouldn't stay. ' S By the Roadslde. ' Pirst tramp t "I say, pard, heo ye any moneyP" Second trampl "Nary red. I'm notlliri' bt a bloouin'-woot do ye cull it? -a clIrynsnthelnIuin" First TrIamp: "-Wot ye meoan?" "Secoud 'Jraimpti "Illin't got a scout." How Ho Got There. T'ho tendency of adventures to grow with every repotition is amuisingly illustrated by all incident told of a certnin socially emlinllnt young s man iecontly.. returnud from hiis Iravels. " Sb ouf friend i- --went to the top of Mont Blanc," said' ouo acqnaintian'lo of his to another. ".Not at nil," was thl, reply. " lht hIe .sid so," continued Ilhi forner lppaker, soinowliat indigolntly. STlruIe but two mionthL age, when lie lo. turned, lie said lie hnd been to the lehot of Mout Illane. : Since then.he hlias gradually lied himself to the top." It Frightened Him. Landlord: '"Good morning, sir; hopn oun enjoyed a gooil night's rest, sir?" 1'Traveller: " Yes, thlanls, pretty fair." fLandlordi "Saw nothing of the ghost that is said to appeolr fromi time to timu in the roun yon occupied P" 'T'ravell-r: ." Ah, yes, I did though." Landlord: "And how did you got rid of the intruder?" Travellor: " I offered himii a glais of your wine, when lie vanished with a gesturo of suprome disgust." Landlord : " Oh! Ahl I Well, I never I "--F'amilieinlV-ocihciiblat. Hard on Watson. Iinl's: " Did you hour ahout Watson's Avhiskors P" J inki : "No; what wass it? " Ilinka: " Why, they looked so lhomily that all the noiglhboiura sigod a potiltoni asking \Vantonalo i luatlerr of public pollhey, to share them off." Jliks: "\ell, ih d lie do it?" 1Iinks: " Yes, he did ih." i .links- "Well, what then?" llinks: " Why, the very next day the igh'i oIIInr eigned a prlit.ion asking W\a:tson, a,; a IlaLttLr of puIlic ipolicy, Ito lul Ibthel grow I ngain."-Su 'm errille J lo'ulr n ,l. The Lnst Resort. *' I thlis Nmo. I'Pdomln ? " br1eatlhlhF.ly : i n q u i r e d a m an )/ w h (o hl a d | ei m l rd w , ,r e ,I " [lilJhlH of Blstairi and been amihullt'ld i h1 a dluliand Ilarhlour. " It i.," "c li ,," " TI r fla mt i es c hl ivrco y n lu , a n d f ', r l l llltu n teller ? " " 'Jile saln." " DIo 3ol CIIn Ihl! 1 mind?" "With perfct enrte." "C.n you , foretill the future?" "Tlh fultr, h,,hlil I no my;'trlYs tIi t I ral, : t IIrav'l." " Can you untlfold tle paist, ?" "''lThe r.- t cord ot n11 tlinigs pin:, is It li' 1111 nl noin hIo]k." "Then," oidd the rnlbr, fe\'erildy, ltkilli f hrom is lockle: It lIhaindlul (if Hi :'r, C " 1 wih you woulld (tell 11 wlat it iB Ihatt I aloney is io chijtl!'-t hig '- Tl'o, ribul e.'J Their Duty as Passongers. I A cortilli town in tllhe north of YoLkhlihl'o I ( ctedlitCi d witli II o illutliithl tlhit cnrrii-l Ii firdl, second, :and Ihitrd clhtl passeniger'., ( As Itlie seats nre all alike, tho truavllhr la li mylstillud, Iut not fo' very lohg. MUlidway I of thie roiltu the omnibi ll tosil at the lIut ,V of a long, sleep hlill, and1 tIh) gourd Hhoitil: 1 " First-caIss piiasuengerso, heil' your eUItS, a Siecond-l: hsi Iu englrl , ge t IIout Ind wIIk. ''Third.clas: pIaIsengers, get ult IaId pIushl."I An Addition to the Poets. "Muni wallntl tut li.tl I hr'e hollow," i So Yocn, and (I,,hlanuith any I lint loivly WViiIu ini w:t.n, it all, ( And wanut it right cusj, ,Y 