& Hobart poets AGOMMITTBBOF 'LITERATI.' A Dumber of Hobart ' literary ' gents and others moving in sauiety circles having denied to hold an invita ion evening with themselves in the eb P'i of a general 'cfinvursaeioue and. private tmblf^m vivantt, met in committee on Wednesday evening for tbe purpose of arranging prelimniaries. Tbe Government House and Society Reporter not being invited, as be ought to have been, attended on bis own respouaibility and made extensive notes. The following conversational discussion oooarred in oonuttee : ?ttr. Tennymn Shakespeare-Jones : I mve here the prorogue to be read before tbe opening act, in faot as soon as the vice regal party h seated. It is to be distributed amongst the more select of the audience. The Kev. Longoleus— Well, apit it out. Is it poetry or verse f Sir. T.S.J.— It is verte-Abem.l By brethren in dramatic art Save sent me here to play a favo^O *if t. Tou'U understand the 'me' and the ' favorM ' are in .italics. ? Mr. Hogswash— Oh, don't talk shop. What's italics P Mr. Pl&ntagenet; Smith —I never heard 'em called by that name before. (Lsvugh ter.) Mr. T.SJ.— It's just to make 'em emphatic. Mr. H.— What the deuoe for f Mr. T.S.J.— Oh, don't interrupt. How can you expect a feller to go aohead if you keep yabbing t And take-advantage of a momentary pause To beg-yopr kind approval ana applause. Mr: Landshark — Now I want to say that's deuoed good. ' Momentary ' is a slap up word for poetry, and just the right length, Mr. Catohem-Cheatem. That's where you literary beggars have tbe pull of us. You jknoweuchdeuoed long words. Another man would have said 'moment's pause,' and spoiled it. Mr. H.— But that wouldn't read as smoothly. Why don't you stick in something about the mayor and all that pish- . Mr. T.S J.— I have it here : To-night we've asked our Mayor To come and take the chair. Chorus— Good. Oh, that's very goo Bev. L. — It's great. It's so d— comical. I can't think however you invented it. It makes me laugh Mr. T.S.J.-Well, listen— To- night the laughter-loving muse we'v? woo'd, Mr. C.C.— That's great. 'Muse' holds no end pf classical illusions. \- Mr. T.65T And hoped to find you in a langhing mood. Mr. L 8.— Never fear. Tou find the liquor and Fll find the laughter. Mr.T.SJ.— Let gentle meroy with' your judgment blend Forgive our errors if you can t commend. Tou see there's more italics here, and they make np the point of a poem. Colonel Hardup— Oh, but you musn't put it that wsy. If you -don't stick up for yourself nobody -will for you. Besides, it's all devilish clever. Mr. T. S. J.— In -pleasing you we please ourselves tbe most; You are our welcome guest, we the honored host. You see there's nothing like pitching it polite: ; ; ; ; Hjard is tlie feslttp win the critic'* praise, But you gentle ladieis can our drooping spirits raise. Mr. H. — Isn't that iHSt line a little too long ? Mr. C. C. — Not at all. It's rather hard if a poet has to bo tied down to a few words or so.' Besides it's no good. Mr. T. S. J — Draw the rank poison from the critic's sting And on oar faults your gentle mercies fling. Col. H. — That's the £0. Give it to die newspapers. Mr. 0. C— What the biases does ' rani' poison' mean? I should have thought ' cold poison ' would be fitter. Mr. H.— Not at all. It wasn't cold poison in the Dean cam. He gave it in her tea. The Bev. L. — I don't like those allusions to the Dean case. Mr. Ij. S.— That's because you don't know the legal aspect of it. Now iu the 42ud section of — — The Bev L.— Oh, stow it. Go oa with tho prologue. Mr.T.SJ.— Have at you all ! We care not if you chide, Provided we've tbe ladies on our side. The llev. L.— I told you so. That Dean case. How the ducc cau you have tbe ladies on your side if you poison them? Mr. C. C.^ You've got no scnen. How ' was he going to poison the ladies when be says 'draw the cold poison,' etc.? The Bev. L. — I don't like poison. The Col. H.— Youte a goat. The Bev. L, — You're another goat, Voices — Order,' order, gentlemen. Mr. L. S.— It's only what literary fellow» call a touch of the ' elder dramatists.' ('ol. H. — U'a the way he briugs in the ladies that fetches me. I'll knock 'em stiff. Mr. L. S.— It's the beat thing,rve heard for a long Uuifc. Is ttoc uuy more ? ' -„ , .'-.', ' ? .?'.' } '- J ,'. * * 2 Mr. T; S. J.— Well them is to be some more, but I first dashed off those few lines for ft start, you know; I hope yon like It; Mr. P. «;^-Weli,:it's up to UidkV I'm pretty good on the pen and have written several things in the Weakly Wall in my time. I suy it'« develfsh good, We'll kanok 'em -ally for a start, The Bev. L.— Well, I ucratcbed a bit out once which might oome in handy. I did it for a Hiararr competition. It never took a prise ow.ng t-- the prejudices of tbu judgoe. But I think it would fit right on 1 1 the style of Mr. Tennyson Jones's poem. Part of it reads thus : When dusky nightfall Doth shroud the sunbeam, And half repulses The timid moonbeam ; When thunder boometh Where distance loometh, Floating on mist * ' A shade appears. Voices— Htre, here f Splendid 1 Mr. P. 8.— Chock full of beautiful sen timent. The Rev. Ii.^— I thought I'd entrance you. Col H,— Where the devil did ypn pick , it all up ? 1 thought you were only good on texxx and things. Rev. L.— I have been a member of the Literati for some time. My verse goes on again in solemn cadenoe thus: In filmy mantle Of pallid whiteness, The eye once gentle Now glaring brightness, Like oloude o'er heaven By tempest driven Plainly oonfest The phantom neara. Mr. C. C— Oh, if I was a painter to fix enoh a picture on canvas! I like tiie ' dusky nightfall.' It puts me In mind of a female nigger. But what's the phantom P Col. «.— A shade- ghost you idiot. Mr.C.C— No moi* idiot than you. I know fine poetry when I bear | -. Mr. H.— That allusion to Huappsm tion with one eye like a tame Oyclops is good. ^ Mr. L.S.— I like the dense obsourity of the words 'plainly contest the phantom nears.' It is so mysterious. Mr.C.C— It's up to Dick, and we'll ve it tasked on to the other. Mr. T.8 J.— Its metre hardly runs with tne. Col. H.— Never mind the metres. We ne of us care about them. They nth the bills. Mt.P.S.— I never heard better. We'll tip those reporting blokes and have it published. Bev- 1-- — Tou bet Col. H. — I don't think we need do any more business to-night. Onr success » certain with such brilliancy of thought. I vote we adjourn to the hotel. Bev. L. — It must be to the parlor then. I would not oaie to go to the bar. Mr. P.S.— They charge fourpenoe for a pint in the parlor. Mr. C.C.— Oh, d ? the expense. The poetry is what I like. Let's adjourn anyhow. The motion of adjournment being carried on the voices, and the committee adjourned for a week to make arrange ments tor a selection of items for the entertainment, both literary gentlemen in the meantime to confer as to complet ing the prologue Jit Eady's Hotel, Uverpool-atreet, are daily and nightly assembled a select body of ooa toman, the quality of the refreshments and oc tant of accommodation offend indncinr num bers of persons to comblnn pleasure, with buni ness by meeting eng&gamenu; there. The craze of tho wheel is spreading with alarming rapidity. It ha« now struck the Launceston 'fooroe,' aud some of the flaahest of $he bluebottles have according to their own account, chopped up some of tbe road records. One distinguished mem ber who is putting up a record of some sort or other took a spin out Gvandale way last week, and on his way home his weight told on his little steel-ribbed bike, and it eol« lapsed under him and left him about seven mileB from everywhere To ask a blue to pad the hoof seven miles when he isn't prepared for it is too much of a joke, oonse* queotly Charlie did a doss by the roadside to await the first caravan. He didn't have long to wait, for Storrer's hearse was fol lowing op. Charlie booked a passageon the nod.and never cried ago till he was dropped iu Brisbane-street. To put a better front on things he pretended to be laid out by an accidental that he could get a cheap lift— a bit of sympathy in one lump. Mr. A. E. Flaister, it his drapery and haber dashery emporium, 95 Elizabeth-street, reoom. mends those who would pick up a useful and handsome outfit for the holidays to give an eye to his prios list. 'J^ In another column appears the notification ot ttr. J. Ealbfell, of 190 Eli 'nbeth-street, concern ing the varied stock offered to the public at holiday prices. 