CORRESPOND ENC&. THE MEMBER FOR YASS. , ( To the. Editor of the Yass Courier.) Sir, — There are men, even men of great preten sions who noVcr have, 'ncvor had an aspiration sufficiently. manty to think 'of an opponent "as 11 fellow ; consequently, whenever an opponent crosses the path of an' ono of such men, tlie latter (bo.hjs opponent ever so straightout, truthful, and fearless) is reminded of nothing above the brute, as he " slinks away, showing his teeth, and growling." There is "not the ghost of a doubt but such sentiment is Air-Affleck's own, and is thor oughly in keeping with the man, who may, in so far as I'm concerned, take what comfort lie can from his own reflections upon a sentiment so noble, refined, and generous. Such personalities are a trao index of tlio " lib- . oral spirit " with which the member for Yass accepts anything ipointing towards his political shortcomings. J ust here, " a still small voice," intimates that that gentleman's " liberal spirit " invariably commences at home, and stays there always. Before proceeding with the subject proper at issue, there is one observation of Air. Affleck's I feel bound to refer to. He says,—" I attended to Mr. Boulding's personal interest as well as Book- ham park, and lie miglit have taken his own case (the italics are mine) as an illustration, instead of the, matter I10 selected." There cqn he no amlji- quity here ; the member for Yass states distinctly that he has served me individually. Tho case is iu a nutshell. If ho has advanced my " personal interest " in my " own case," then, by publishing the fact, he lias betrayed that which should have been treated as a matter of confidence, and held sacred, and by so doing has shown himself un worthy of trust in things confidential, at least. But, if that gentleman lias not advanced my " personal interest " in my " own caso," as he says, then he has committed himself to an unpardon able prevarication of facts. Either way, Ins pos ition is an unenviable one, with food for " his own " reflection in solving a reply that will estab lish the analogy claimed by bim to exist between the two cases. In coming to tho main issue it is necessary to repeat Air. Affleck's statement — that a farmer with a family of five pays, according to Ooghlan, in customs duties, about £15 per annum." By quotations from Coghlan, correctly taken, I have indisputably shown that that statement is incor rect and misleading. I challenged its author to prove otherwise, which he declined by making repeated paltry excuses of want of " time," " con sideration for your space," &e.; But suddenly a happy thought comes to him, with it the time, and in a lengthy effusion, utterly regardless of " your space," lie proclaims a glorious victory, by accept ing my figures in a " liberal spirit," and smashing them to smithereens. So the conflict's o'er, accord ing to Mr. Affleck's rendering. How is this effected P does my opponent take his stand on his own statement, and thus "dispel" mine? No, sir, I10 does not dare to refer io that statement, although lie claims to have accepted liiy challenge , to do so. _ Why ? For the cogent reason, he knows it is not true, and he hasn't tho moral courage to admit it. There is one statementof mine however, which reals : — " It is perfectly safe and very much nearer, tlie mark to say, that for each member of tho farmer's family he actually pays in customs duties 'ess by fully ono half of 16s.' 6d., or about 8s. wherein Air. Affleck concludes he has dis covered a weak spot; hcncc the "happy thought," &c.; What marvellous powers of penetration, and extraordinary mathematical knowledge thaigentle- man must possess, to discover that the amount is " about 14s. Id. instead ' of 8s." And I10 has worked it out to the pennj'. What a wonderfully precise calculation ! But with these great gifts, it does seem a leelle mysterious like (unless it was at this spot where he became "a little mystified") that Mr. Affleck did not tako into his calculation the many other dutiable articles that contributed toward this 14s. Id., and which tlie farmer does not buy — such as hay, flour, butter, bacon, cheese, &c.;, Ac., Ac. As I niado clear, the amount 8s. per head tax ation of the fanner's family — is an assumed de duction from data which, at best, could give but an approximate result, but Mr. Affleck, by includ ing the duties derived from innumerable taxed articles that do not reach tlie farmer — by exact calculation — lias made tlie amount 14s. Id- or less than one-fourth of the amount he started with. This then is the result of Mr. Affleck's juggling with my " figures," — he lias " laboured with a mountain and brought forth a mouse," and oven that is " still bom." _ Seriously, my opponent has not touched upon a single point at issue by way of facing the question, and the whole of his effusions, from beginning to end, bear the one impress — shuffle. Tho member for Yass thinks that the best tiling I eun do is to leave " Coghlan" alone. My advice to that gentleman is to look at " Coghlan " often, and in tho looking seek the truth, which is. easily found, by looking straight ; having got it, to hold fast thereto without any attempt to twist, turn, or fpervert, that which requires no such tricks. So far, ho has made a veritable boomer ang of " Coghlan," and hurled it forth with the result that may happen at any time with such weapons in tricky, unskilled hands— it has re turned to the thrower with' sufficient force to pro duce his collanse. — Yours, etc.. JOHN BOULDING. (10 the Editor of the Yass Courier .) Kindly allow me a small space in your col umns so that I may draw the attention of the person or persons whose duty it is to attend to the sewerage of Yass. Thj odour arising from the sewer at the corner of Meehan and Cooma streets is something terrible, and if not shortly seen to will be the cause of fever in the neighbourhood. Hoping this matter will be further looked after — I am, yours, etc., "A RESIDENT OF YASS." 