TH£ &1NUET, 'TRANSLATED l'noil THE FHEN'CS OF GDI DK MAUPASS ANt.) " I can support great rnisfortnnas . with equauiinity,'' said Leon Bridelle, ail old bachelor, reputed sceptical. " When a soldier on the battle-field I stepped over corpses without emotion. The cruelties of nature or of men inspire horror and indignation, but ther do not give ihdt'contraction of the heart—that shudder which we feel at the ei^ht of certain email but touching incidents. Wiiat anguish equals that of mother when her child is taken, from her—that of a "man when death bereaves him of hia mother P Their torment is violent; it rends and overwhelms, bat they recover from those catastrophes aa from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas certain meetings, certain things, half- seen bat understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painful thoughts, which abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of moral - suffering—suffering which is complicated, incurable, deeper because of its seem&g; mildness, more painful because of its impalpability, tenacious in its unreality, leaving in the' soul a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of disenchantment, which we are long in casting off. Memory constantly recalls t» me two or three things which others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated me like sharp, incurable stints. Tou will not, perhaps, understand that I yet remember and auffer from impressions so quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of bst one j it is of long ago, but as vivid as it of yesterday. I am now SO years old; then 1 was young and studying to be s lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy of temperament, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I bad no taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures -wasto walk alone, Ob, that garden! It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceasingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of bright, blooming flowers, boarders of shrubs as exactly ranged as a band of collegians oat tor a walk, lines of magnificent roses or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this delightful grove was inhabited by bee9. Their straw bonseB, skilfully arranged on planks, opened to tho sun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the patns one met their buzziug, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful spot and its long, tranquil walks. about 8 o'clock in the morning, in the nursery garden of the .Luxembourg. I went there almost every morning and read, seated on a bench. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, -to listen to the sounds around me, and enjoy tbe infinite repose of that garden of a by- gone day. Very soon I perceived that I was not its only early frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a strange, little old man. He wore shoes with silver buckles, a long euaff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable griiy bat, widebrimmed and furry, that made one think of tbe deluge. He was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions. His keen eyes were constantly agitated by a convulsive movement of the eyelids, and he always carried a superb goldheaded cane. Tbe old fellow astonished me at first, then I began to grow greatly interested in him. I looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at tbe turnings l«tt he should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a series of singular movements. First, a few lightj bounds, then a low bow. Next, he cut with his frail legs quite a sprightly caper, and then, be began, to turn briskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll, way, and smiling as if to an audience. Then be carved ids arms, assuming graceful postures, twisting his slight puppet's body, and saluting space with innumerable gestures at once affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. ] I stood looking at him, so surprised at his curious actions, that I began to doubt the man's sanity. llut suddenly, he stopped; advanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed and retreated with smiles and comi-dy kisses, that he threw, with : ni« trembling hand, to two rows i tree- before him, then with the utmost gravity, be continued hi8 promenade. From that day I observed him attentively, and escb day lie recommenced bis. strange performance. 1 experienced a great desire to >peak to him, and, after having biiu-<=d, I risked saving: : Wo are having an exceptionally fin* day." He returned my salutation. "Yes, sir j the weather is quite what we used to have." A vreel; later we were friends, and 1 ;.ccw bis history. He had been ii;:ncing master at the Opera, in tbe tii-.iv of Louis XV.; hia beautiful ram' was a present from the Count d<\- Oiermont: and when we spoke of dancing-, he grew enthusiastic to such an.pxteiit that he talked without ceasing. One day he confided to me. "I married La Castris, sir. -1 will prei. ui yoc to her, if you wish, but she orn v cuuigs here later. in . tbe day. This «r;inltii), you see, id our pleasure ; a:ui our life. It is. all that is left ue of the past. It seems to us-that, we could not- lire if n-e had it no longer. j Ii is so old, so uiiique in its beauty,; is it not. ? The air that I breathe. here seews aa invigorating csiit was ; wiicti I was young.. .My wife'and I pass all our afternoons, in this spot, bot 1 come in the early inorning aleo ' it is eo lovely thea." . "•H^v''.'* • -We, Separated, but that sameofter- * -'a'obn I returned to the Luxembourg, .and soon perceived my friend ceremoniousiy giring hie arm to a. little; woman, very eld and All in blackr With conrtly formality be ^presented_ adulation and love from king-aod princess, who bad been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant century which seems to have left in tbe world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of Btone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leaves, bathing os in warmth and light. There was no one near in tbe garden. From afar came the Bound of passing vehicles. " Tell me, will you not,'* said I to the old man, " what was the minuet ?" He started from bis seat " The minuet, sir, it . was the queen of dances, and the dance of queens; but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone ; tbe minuet has gone with them." Then be commenced, in pompous style, a long, dithyrambic eulogy, of which I .understood nothing. I wished bim to describe tbe stepB, all the movements and attitudes of the danced He tried, bat became confused in bis description. Exasperated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly lie turned towards hia aged companion, eitting silent and grave on tbe bench.' ** Elise, if yon wish, it would be very good of you, we will show tbis gentleman what it was. Will you ?" She glanced aaxionsly around, then rose, and without a. word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a eight I shall never forget. They advanced and receded witb childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along like two old dolls set in motion by rusty machinery, somewhat out of order, bat constructed of yore by a skillful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely moved, all my being overwhelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an ^apparition— mournful, yet ludicrous—the oldfashioned ghost of a dead century. I wanted to laugh, yet was ready to cry. All at once they stopped. They had finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in the most extraordinary way ; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never saw them again. When I returned to Paris, two years after, tbe nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other dayB, with its winding paths, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of the past ? Do they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles P Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet — two comical ghosts—among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered pathson the moonlight? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me j it is a wound which never closes. I cannot tell why. Undoubtedly, yon find me absurd. For painting walls or other objects exposed to dampness, a mixture has come into extensive use in Germany formed of veiy fine iron filings and linseed oil varnish. When the material to be painted is subject to freauent change of temperature, linseed oil and amber varnish are added to the first two coats. The paint may be applied to wood, stone or iron, and, in the case of the latter, it is not necessary to free it from rust or oily matters. It is stated that cast-iron pulleys can be lagged or fagged with leather, without tie use of rivets, in the following manner:' First, the face of the pulley is brushed over with acetic acid, -which in a short time rnsts it and gives it a very rough surface: after* ward tbe leather is attached to the face of the pulley with a cement composed of one pound of fish glue and one-half pound of common glue, the result being entirely satis, factory. An artificial stone of excellent quality and adapted to -various constructive purposes is now made by mixing certain proportions of Portland cement, powdered granite, blast furnace slag, and water containing silicate of Boda. The composition may be colored to suit the taste. A New Zealand conifer, resembling the yew tree, has been discovered by experiment to be remarkably rich in tannin, the percentage being 28.66, as compared with 24.18 for sumac and 8.85 for oak, and considerable quantities of the bark have already been exported. To Test Steel.—Poor on the object to be tested a drop of nitric acid of 1.2 sp. gr., let it act for one minute, then rinse with water. On iron this acid Will cause a whitish-gray, on steel a black stain. 