ALL ALONG THE RIVER. CHAPTER XI.—(CONTINUED.) WHERE THE COLD SEA RAVES. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Anthor of ‘Lady Audley’s Secret,' ‘The Venetians, or All in Honor,’ ‘Aurora Floyd,’ ‘The Cloven Foot,’ ‘Dead Men’s Shoes,’ ‘Just as I Am,’ ‘Taken at the Flood,’ ‘Phantom Fortune,' ‘Like and Unlike,’ ‘Weavers and Weft,’ &c.;, &c.; Mr Colfox and Allegra met again in the drawingroom of the Angler’s Nest at a quarter to 8. He was the first to arrive, and Isola had not yet appeared. Martin Disney was at hie post in front of the library fireplace, library and drawingroom making one spacious room, lighted with wax candles here and there, and with one large shaded lamp on a table near the piano, leola had been suffering from headache, and had been late in dressing. Captain Hnlbert had been in the room nearly 10 minutes before his hostess appeared, looking pale and ill in her black lace dinner gown, and with an anxious expression in her eyes. Ho-had bad been introduced to Allegra, and was talking to her as if he had known her for years, when his attention was called off by leola’s appearance and bis introduction to her. Was this Martin Disney’s wife, he thought wonderingly—such a girlish, fragile crea ture—so unlike the woman he had pictured to himself. Strange that Lostwitbiel should not have told him of their delicate pretti ness, seeing that he was a connoisseur in beauty, and hypercritical. ‘ This is just the kind of beauty he would admire,’ thought Hulbert, ‘ something out of the common—a pale, spiritual beauty— not dependent upon coloring, or even upon regularity of feature —the kind of thing one calls soul, not having a better name for it/ They went in to dinner presently, Captain Hulbert and leola, Mr Colfox and Allegra. The table was a small oval, at which five people made a snug little party, There were feathery white chrysanthemums, relieved by a cheerful glow of colored Venetian glass, delioatest pink and jade green, under the light of a hanging moderator lamp. John Halbert looked round him with a pleased expression, taking in the flowers, the glass, the delicate cream-white china, the lamp light, everything; and then the two fair young faces, one pale and pensive, the other aglow with the delight of life, eagerly ex pectant of new ideas. They talked of the Vendetta and the places at which she had touched lately. Captain Hulbert had spent hie summer on the Eastern Liguria, between Lerioi and Civita Veoohia. ‘ Wasn’t it the wrong time of year for Italy’’ asked Mr Colfox. ‘No, it is the season of seasons in the land of the sun. If you want to enjoy a southern country go there in the summer. The south is made for summer, her houses are built for hot weather, her streets are planned for shade in midsummer; her wines, her food, her manners and customs have all been made for summer time—not for winter. If you want to know Italy at her worst go there in cold weather. ’ Where did yon leave Lord Lostwitbiel ? ’ Disney asked presently. 1 1 left him nowhere. He left me to rove about Southern Europe—left me on his way to Carinthia. He is like the. wandering Jew. He used to be mad about yachting; but he got sick of the Vendetta all of a sudden, and banded her over to me. Very generous on his part; but the boat is some thing of a white elephant for a man of my small means. I wanted him to sell her. Wouldn’t hear of it. To let her. Not to be thought of. “ I’ll lend her to yon,” he said, “and yon shall keep her as long os you like —sink her, if you like—so long as yon don’t go down in her. She is not a lucky boat.” ’ ' Have yon sailed her long 2 ’ ‘ Neatly a year, and I love her as if she were bone of my bonei and flesh of my flesh. Let ns all go for a sail to-morrow, Mrs Disney—to Mevagissey or thereabouts. We could do a little fishing. ,It will be capital fun. What do yon say, Mias Leland?’ ‘ I should adore it,’ said Allegra, beaming at him. ‘ The sea is my passion, and I think it is Mrs Disney’s passion too. We are a kind of amphibious creatures, living more on water than on land. We venture as far as we dare in a row boat—but oh, that is such a little way.’ ‘l’m afraid sometimes yon will venture so far that yon won’t be able to get back again, and yon will find yourself drifting away to America,’ said her brother, Isola answered never a word, until Cap tain Hulbert addressed her pointedly for the second time. ‘ Will yon go, Mrs Disney—may we make up the party ?’ ‘I would rather not,’she answered, with out looking at him. ‘But why not. Are yon such a bad sailor in spite of what Miss Leland says of yon V ‘ I am a pretty good sailor in a row-boat— but not in a yacht. And I hate fishing— such a slow weary business.- I would rather not go.’ ‘I am so sorry; but you must not be worried about about it,’ said Hulbert, kindly, seeing the growing distress in her countenance, ‘We will not go in for fishing —or excursions—but yon and Miss Leland ' will at least come to afternoon tea on the Vendetta—to afternoon tea in the harbor. There used to be'acomicsong whenl was a boy —‘Come and drink tea in the arbor.’ You must come to the arbor with an aspirate. It is not so rustic or sentimental—but there -will be no earwigs or creeping things to drop into your tea cop, Mr Colfoz, you will come, won’t you ?' ‘I shall be delighted,’ answered the curate. *1 have a sneaking kindness for all yachts,’ The conversation drifted back to Lost withiel and his works and ways presently. ‘ When he went home three years ago he gave me to understand he was going to settle down at the Mount, and lead a quiet life for the rest of his days,’ said Captain Hulbert, ‘Yet, three months afterwards, he and his yacht were off again like the Flying Dutch man, and the next I heard of him was at Leghorn, and six months later he was coast ing off Algiers and Tangier; and the follow ing spring he was in South America; and the Vendetta was laid up at Marseilles, where be begged me to go and look after her, and take her to myself until such time {as he should want her again. I was with him for a few days at Leghorn, where he seemed ill and out of spirits. I don’t think you can have used him over well in this part of tbs world, Mrs Disney,’ ha added, half in jest. ‘ I fancy some of you must have snubbed him severely, or his tenants must have worried him by their complaints and exactions. I could not get him to talk about bis life at the Mount. He seemed to have taken a disgust for the old home.’ ‘ Yon must put that down to his roving temper,’ said Disney, ‘ for although I was away at the time, I can answer for it there was no such thing as snubbing in the case. Your brother is the only peer in these parts, and from the way people talk about him he might be the only peer in Great Britain— the Alpha and Omega of Debrett. Our parvenu neighbor, Mr Crowther, talked of him one night with a slavish rapture which made me sick, I am a Tory by association and instinct, but I can’t stand the vulgarian’s Worship of a lord.’ Isola looked at her sister-in-law, and they both rose at this moment, the Church almost tumbling over the Navy in eagerness to open the door, Navy winning by a neck. They were not long alone in the drawing room, not more than the space of a single cigarette, before the men followed. Then came music, and a good deal of talk, in the long, low, spacious room, which looked so bright and homely by candlelight, with all its tokens of domestic and intellectual life. ‘ What a capital quarter-deck this is,’ cried John Hulbert, after pacing up and down while he listened, and talked, and laughed at Allegra’s little jokes about the narrowness of village life. ‘ It-is delightful to stretch one's legs in such a room as this after six months upon an SO-ton yacht. 1 You will have room enough to stretch your legs at the Mount,’ said Disney. Captain Hulbert had announced bis in tention of spending a week or two under the family roof-tree while the Vendetta underwent some slight repairs and renova tions. ‘ Room enough and to spare,’ he said, ‘ I shan’t feel half so jovial walking up and down those grim old rooms as I feel here. I shall fancy a ghost pacing behind me, clump, clump, clump—a slow, solemn foot step—only the echo of my own tread per haps; but I shall never know, for I shall be afraid to look round.’ ‘ You ought not to make sport of weak peopfe’s fancies, for I am sure you don’t believe in ghosts,’ said Allegra, leaning with one elbow on the piano, turning over pieces of music absently, a gracious figure in a sage green velvet gown, cut just low enough to show the fine curves of a full, round throat, white and smooth as ivory. ‘Not believe in ghosts? Did you ever know a sailor who .wasn’t superstitious ? We are too often alone with the sea and the stars to be quite free from spectral fancies, Miss Leland, I can see in your eyes as you look at me this moment that you believe in ghosts —believe and tremble, Tell me now, candidly—When do you most fear them; at what hour of the day or night does the un real seem nearest to you ?’ ‘I don't know,’ she faltered, turning over the loose music with a faintly tremulous gesture, while Isola sat by the piano touch ing the notes dumbly now and then. ‘ Is it at midnight—in the gloaming—in the chill, mysterious dawn? You won’t answer I shall I guess ? If you are like me, it is in broad daylight—between two and three in the afternoon —when the servants are all idling after their dinner, and the house is silent. You are alone in a big, bright room, perhaps with another room opening out of it, and a door a long way off. You sit writing at your table, and yon feel all at once that the room is haunted. There must be something or someone stealiog in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. You go to the window and look out into garden or street —for a town bouse may be just as ghastly as a country one—and then with a great effort you turn slowly round and face your terror, in the broad garish sunlight, in the business hoars of the day. There is nothing there, of course, but tbe feeling has not been the less vivid. I know I shall be spectre-haunted at the Mount. You must .all come and scare away the shadows. Mr Colfox, are you fond of billiards?’ ‘ I own to a liking for the game, I play with Mr Crowther and his younger daughter whenever I dine at Glenaveril. Alicia is a very fine player, for a girl, and her father plays a good game.’ ‘ Then you will come up to the Mount two or throe times a week and play with me, I hope. There’s a fine Thurston table in the hall. It may boa little out of order, but we must make the best of it—and there’s plenty of sound olaret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two of Schiedam that I sent home from the Hague.’ ‘ Mr Colloox will not make much impres sion either on your olaret or your schnapps,’ said Disney, laughing. ‘Ho is almost as temperate as one of those terrible anchorites in the novel we wore reading the other day —" Homo Srfm.” ’ 'I am glad you put in a qualifying “ almost,” ’ said the curate, ‘ for I hope to taste Captain Halbert's Schiedam.’ The captain expatiated upon what his three new friends—and his one old friend, Martin Disney—were to do to cheer him in his solitude at the Mount. ‘ There is nothing of the anchorite about me,’ he said, ‘I love society, I love life and movement, I love bright faces.’ He would not leave until they had all promised to take tea oh board the yacht on the following afternoon, an engagement which was kept by Allegro and the Colonel; but not by Isola, whose headache was worse after the little dinner-party; nor by the curate, who hod parish business to detain him on shore. (To be Continued next Saturday.} 