??? ??'??' ' ?'.' W@-o-tfomlt NOTES. (By.RoVBB.) ' ; FIXTURES. Augiisb 10— City v. South Launceston. ', Last Saturday was the fairest' test ' the old rivals have had this season. Both teams had their strongest twenties, and the,weather favoured neither club. It was a model day for a good exposition of the game, and the spectators were not disap pointed in this respect, for, although^ the respective skippers could have paid a little more attention to deserters from their places, particularly along the top win*, the final issue was in doubt until the last kick of the day. The dark blues at the termin afcion of the first guarter had a lead of two goals, scored from as many shots, which made their chances of victory look decidedly rosy, considering there was not a breath of ?wind. The Cityiruck,however, soon began to tell in the second quartes, at the end of ?which the red and whites had not only succeeded in wiping ont the points against them, but had gained a lead of one goal, which they seemed to hold more than com fortably to the end The dark bluee,h«wever, through the agency of |Len. Stewart, had a possible chance of equalising the scores ?when the bell rang out time. This player from along and difficult angle made a grand effort to score, the supporters of the probable premiers heaving a sigh of relief as the oval dropped short by a few fee o in theniouth of the goal. Never was the 3os3 of the ex-premiers' ruck more apparent than dn this match; for after the first quarter they had not the ghost of a Bhow with the well-timed rushes and clever passing of the red and white combination, which,aEsisted by its old member N. Croome, never ap peared to, better advantage this year. The struggles (between H. Boxall and 'Matthews in the centre were in themselves ?well worth going to see. Each man did a power of work for his side, and, although 'Matthews appeared to better advantage than hiB rival in running 'with the ball, it . anight be fairly stated that their work was ?evenly balanced. Wilkins and Ferrall were the best of the City backs, and re ceived a helping hand occasionally from their skipper, who roved from centre to back. Taylor was off' in mark ing, but what appeared to be a nice mark taken by him in front of goal was disallowed by the nmpire. e-Iu justice to that official, however, it must be stated that he was not in a position to see, and was perfectly justified in giving the opposing side the benefit of the doubt. J. Boxall works cleverly in gaining posses sion of the oval, but he invariably spoils Tirhat otherwise would be benefioial to his \- aide by persistently endeavouring to geb Tby half-a-dozen opposing players. Coogan, as usual, snicked a major point from a scrimmage, which strengthens the opinion bo frequently expressed that Dick will make amends for half-a-dozen of his club mates'killing the proverbial China man.' F. Beauchamp played as he never did before in defending the Launceston .goal, his marking being especially good. 'He was well assisted by Wai. Browne, half-back, which is undoubtedly the dark blue skipper's right position.and Valentine. Will. Brown, the Stewarts and Thomsons, also did good service for their side. T5ie umpiring of Tot. Wall was a treat to -witness.Not only; did he preventanything approaching rough'game,buthe gave players to understand from the comencament that his decisions were final, and as a conse quence there was an absence of that grumbling so prevalent of late. The de feated players as well as the winning team expressed themselves perfectly satisfied ?with his decisions, and the unanimous verdict of the onlookers, judging by the ?applause that greeted hia efforts, spoke volumes in support of his ability to* carry ^out the duties. ,.,,,,, $ke result of the match to be played afc Elphin on Saturday will practically decide whether or not the premiership is to be the good thing anticipated for the favourite3. The competing teams are the City and South Launceston. The South's only chance for the coveted honour is to absolutely win, and should victory rest with them it will be tbe means of main taining the interest in the game till they are defeated; whilst on the other hand should the red and whites come off vic torioua the outlook for the remainder of the season, financially, of course, will be down about zero. The game is sure to be stubbornly contested, every inch of it, and patrons can rely on a goo Bixpenny worth. The principal match across the water cm Saturday will be the meeting of the invin cible Geelong and South Melbourne clubs. The latter team have been playing well, but have eo far failed in goal-kicking. meeting tne jrivoronians on caeir own ground the red and whites are expected to fight it out to the bitter end, and it would not surpri&e; me in the ileast to see South Melbourne come out on top. The other fixtures are a3 follow, played on the ground of the first-named club:— Collingwood v. Williamstown, Footecray v. North Mel bourne, Melbourne v Essendon, Richmond v. Fitzroy, St Kilda {v. Carlton, Port Mel bourne vacant. 