5UH DAY READING. Seuxthd et tes Bev. G. E. Eovrs. GOD'S GLO2T IN THE EKIES. Et Caj.-6s IL Scott Hcr.i.i:n-. ' 'i Ls hf-AVfir.s dcdr.re t Nf ple:y of Gcd : trd th-o ?ia^aaiem kLov.s'.Ii i;i= Laiirliwork. Uay ui.t:- day ntti-rc-t'i s; -oec^? ai«d i::;«iit Uulo niirht ri.owclh iw.'i-vZ{xls;e- 'the: ? is KO BTje^i: i:oi- i:ii;-u:i;:c v.Lcie their voice is not heard, 'lbtiriin-i is jisKiCWii ita-cugh all the cratb, and tfcuii- v or-ls to tLe «cd of the worM. In thfi.i hat' He wt» taber: R-I& lor iLc s-jis. v.iiiiii is as a lr.'ie {.-!?« :oui iGTniug ouc of his chiiiiuur, I ami rejcii-eth :is a stro::g mail to ir.u a rac«. '.-. . TLc Uw c-i tLe L-.:-d i.-i -.er- icr.t. cor.vcmrg '..L-i; soal-.iha teatiaaouy cf the Lord is f-ure, u-.nkiiij; wise tiic eiisiiie/'-^-i'tain; k:s.1— 5 and 7. I-ro'.hir.g can be ;r.ore strange than ilact the iiia:izir;r advances of E---Iet:iitic tno''lotl^e, irhioh have rcveised sh solcto: y t'.ic Tcltitlo'sss of Girth. cji-1 sun and. stnva io ouo r-noil: ?'::-, r^d have open ed --.ut 'iL3Ls.~ci.-3 -v.:i'.;'.i paralyse tli* ini-isjius'rlo'i:, -.sliCul-I liivo liad no fowar 2.1 :li to drive array ♦.;.:?» ;;na:ovtal Iroass te~s of this early vfeic.ti -.i tli-J I\=:i::i::.a{-. v.ri:o looked out upon l!u rccne wiiii thc e yes of a simplicity «!,;?:!? T.-a.s at omcw dirv?ct ar.u :na-iiy end profound.. It :s w-day exactly ivhat it. was to the £t-t ?womieriiig- stiapht-ivJs who lay on lonely hills and -watched the .strange and silent movement1? that poupk-'l the wide dark ness of the hsavw.s ,-ibove their heads. Kt-iii tint vs.::-*j arid orivily ho2t~of fctars I-:-.s3 before our ey-i -without u. sovmA, an J still rhr.t CDun.Tcss motion spoai-v tritliout voice, so that a.!i Jj;ar niio.or stand. And ther, a;*:ii2, tlatt lni^hty 'pageant of th--j iiioynir-Lj roncarst.-s its p.arfc in all its iiiu:ioi:i splendour. AV hat. mdcod, enn ever ci:u its resounding ?condor t'h-t l^v? of tfco E-au from it hiddcii iicd, coscinjj forth a.s a brirL. }rrocni oT.t cf his ci-..iiabor. rejoicing nz a strouj- man to run bia ecru-ae '. JSTothiug Las liappc'Jod to di:-;ici-h its reality, it iiwvls no sl''-ss fii* qu-iUiit- atioa. ?' till it ihri'Is the souls of C4.c!i new-'itrs; gonoirition, eii;;;:iy a? :it tiiL' ihtt diivis. vrher the uiomiu^ ctars 3::e;^ togetliyr, aji.i :iUtLo sons ci God' fV-o'-ilev. ror j«-y Tks £ile:.-t Deaita of -j :s H .? Av::?'i. This immediate oiib'.oc'S: uron Ivat'... is iiidcpe^d'jut of scsentiiic elu.ljoi-at:o .:. 'Yet, wiiat I wcn'.dmors? spo«::n'lly not -:;? today is thi-t tiie trholo etr»,ss cf ll'-' Psa'iuSs l.-iid on tlsf.t asp^Hit cf tl-.' jsutaral Tvorld which it is Ihe work t'. Euience to omphaniss r.ml to estricatc. i'or ivhnt is it th:it til's the linger v.-ita sf.eh. iiweaj he loolcs out upon, thastan-y hi-v.ts or t:t tho s«n J!--:'---ing- from his J-ed r 7/hat 13 it thatrsirV-:; i-.i:u no confident t hut 'tlir* lva.t'ns -i::t-':!i-« ri'.c fr!ory of C-c-dn^d tiiO Hi:-:-:: ?'?r.t shov/eth His haadiv.-orfc' ? Itv-jit-stthe characteris- tic on whioli E'cieuca fsst.vr.~- It isths niaaii'oililioaof law, oi: : c^nlarity, of ? reason. TLIs it iS -~.-!ii:.-h orerpowc-rs him, ' 'Day unto daj- uttorotli st-ecch, aiidnighfc auto night sr.owela kiitiW ledgs' — each :-rrivts r.t iis turn without disorder, -without accKlozifc, or chance, or jK-rpla^ity. Th-re i-; about it 'sM; nsthe mighty dfaiaa di^eios-jm ito«lf, the calia ness, ihesiijctity.of r.!.ti-aalk^o-3r!ed'jo. Esch arriva], cauli t'.onftvtrre, is Vr.ov,-n. is appoiiite:], is cn.tiii'.'d. 'ir'hedny dsos. Lnt^not as if itv.'erclo-jtor lisd. blandev- ed en its road, it ri-.'.'scs o2 the sta^e oa its Qologated wj: y, sure cf its path fulniled, quiet in the security tfca.t nsothcr will succeed in its due turn. .And then the right, the night which might seem like eojne terriMo shadow fiuag- acrosa our lives, some' doom that ?would svalScs?- us up into vacr.ncy — !ook at i~ ! — it is full from end to end with reassuring voices, for out move those glorious stars, each is. its cct order, each :iccordicg to its oiliee. !Nct one faileth of all those thousand thousands. And that a'^fui sil«-iiC3 in which the trCiDen doiissoeEe proceeds is mere, eloquen1* th:ui words. V/ithout sound esehenters, p.x3jes, dlrappcars, so Used, so absolute the certainty of their uiotku. Is net this silence security ? Those hes-vchs look out at us with all their starry eyes, as if they would say with one voice, ' Weknowwhatgoesfcrward ; ?we know; all ihe socvetis with us; all is tirell.trust Gcd, foe actafraid. ' So it is felt, charged with speech, this di inb night : it strains and pusses 02. the verge of irords which it withholds. And so, too, with this leaping snn, this bridegroom, v.-hich tiv.ve.s with saeh steady precision, with such unfaltering certainty, along the tcui'se set before hiixu ' 'Universal law ^.it.n^ in.silence, vrlfh fiJisdliite. security cf rlijthm. .» The Mtstic Eloqu^^ce of Law. 'JHiat/is the vision which overawes the Psalmist ; and is not thai the very essence of our scienuile presentation of Mature ? Bat it is dumb, some gay, as they gaze ; dumb incch:inisui beating outran aimless task. Nay, we cry, with. thc-Psalraist, silent it may be, but this perfect la-w, this undeviafcing order, this cslflaprecisior!, 'thiiB infinite regularity of Eneccsdon, these dieciplined forces, this '?? rhythmic barniony, this balance, this^precaution, this response cf day to day. and night to night, that is In telligence, that is reason, that is speech ! Ecason answersto reason as deep todeep. TheJe&raaj; be no speech or language'in these dumb motions, but for all that Tciees are heard among them, their sound goes out unto other lands, and their words nnto the end of the world. So much for the vision of nature ; and then conies the Psalmisfs nioihcntons advance. As he watches with solemn glee this stupendous world of natural law hefinds that he has but to lift his eyfcs^and then above it, beyond it, allied to it;-'a. corresponding world opens out — a_w,orld,.toq, °* i2-'17! c^ certainiy, of regu larity of order, no less than the world of Kafeiirp. This higher order of life moves along-ihe course set before it, and its laws never flag nor fail ; no chance confuses it,and no unruly accident disturbs it. Man can count on these laws with tlie - eauic absolute validity as that ?with which he counts on sunrise or on sunset. And what is this wonderful ?world that spreads away on every side to this ancient watcher cf the skies? It is the -world of conscioiisneso, the world of the moral law, the worJd of the religious spirit, the world of the fear of the Lord. Without a jar or break he passes over into this world from his contemplation of the stars, so near is it, this spiritual life to the natural, so en tirely congenial with it, so closely knit together ! Follow on with the psalm, and you know v/hat I mean. While the light of that glorious sun is still before our eyes vs b ave passed in -within this new 'Tflomain of the moral spirit, and we are ac knowledging that the fear 01 the Lord is an undeiiied law converting the soul ; the testimony of the Lord is sure and giveth wisdom unto the simple ; the Btatutes of the Lord are right and re joice the heart; the commandment of the Lord is pure and giveth light unto the eyes, and the iear of the Lord is clean and endureth foe ever. Laws, statutes, testimonies, commandments — no physical world could be based on grounds more fixed and uniform and sure. It is sure, it never changes, it eEduretb for ever. These judgments *re tma ana xetal ; ihfirefojee they ju-« ' more to be desired tfjan gold, yea, than much fine gold ; sv£g£er also are they than honey in 4fee -. honeycomb.' ITirough their universal veracity they allow lor instrucfejeL and disciplined knowledge. ' Bj t\aa. is Thy servant t&cght;, and Sm l«*3Msg of them there is gre:it reward.' iSsror, wrcng, sin — thcs& msy Ije on L^own side, Lut this Jo; s not shake the absolute authority of this reign of law v&&n;:t him. Only it 12 at es him tremble fast even unwitting ly he nijiyhjive infcctfdaetd any quiver of disturbance into this fabric of ex quisite and hiiriaeaicus order. 'Who can tell how oft he cff&cdcd;, ? ; O, cleanse 'ihea rae iroin £tcr«t thoug-hts.' Law ix the Swaaniki. -woex.d. Jfy brethixsn, can we recover for our selves this laerital temper of ? thfi Psalmist V This world ot which he is 3peakicg ie what we n^''* spiritual, re'sigi'Jus, sv.ccrtxs.tnra1, and as soon as v. e h:ive touched sueh -names &s; these »e Jire.but too apl to recall something ?»ho?l3* iraiike Naturo, wholly opposed to Eciwitiiie Jaw or^ the ncoesaiues of reason. Yei the Psklin supposes that the rccc^nltion ol Ikw in Kature govern ing Us. ai.enr fciiccessiou is the very road by which to j-ass ;o thetxne risccgnltion o£ Ihe law of God, wtteii is the lifeof ths ^cirit, whish wreiigein. Xatqre.irill ^iiu,'-.iie us to understand the super uRtsraL 1'Iio Christian failf* cannot -.?lit vj-ith the PkiIiks. -Its whoifc appeal livs to tlieiu ; it hi-s pledged itself to bo i-.i. nticai in- spirir, in essence, with tlioiK ;? the faith wlach believes in Jeeiis Cbtist must be able to indentiry iteelf absolutely with tbet faith in God which is disclosed in the P?slms of the O3d Testauiect. Those in vrhom our faith tirst sprbng to life were sxeeped to tbe lips in the language of the 1'salrcs, and our own faith, in itB devo*.^ and pas slcn«te iove of t,he Psaltus ever since, has given the indispotable proof that it iu«is it3 ov.11 chai9.cter, its own form, iis own essence, in their way of viewing life. . 'i'ho temper in which the Pea-mist looked** Hature'is certainly included and retained in the mind of the Chris tian faith. And .if, then, it believes in miracle, it must siean that belief in Nature huido itin miracle. Just as the psalES-st, through his amazed delightin the ordej--ed sequences of Nature, found 'li-rise f tvgagwl in contemplating the I la. v i of 'Jc;d for the soul— the fear of the — ?-?-?—— -t oliiive wsJii Lhepowerof the same its.:: Ti. ' 'i't-}lowing up liie Story of man's vrglv. :m;l 'development, and sin and ?v--kr.f::i;, we ifnd ourselves to have ?s:-:-.v-id tit bo]i«.'f inthe incarnation of J'---.t;3 -.'hs-»st,.iii His-rkgin tirth, in liis .?-?-iv.Tf-o ion f i-cin the dead. That is -.hi! tciiehstone of tiue itiiracle. The i -y.i. f in it springs ojit of the same i- ;irct s, csisieities, and. .convictions by v.iii^h-you Leiieve in the Divine witness of i-a.taal law. - -. ? (.?::infc toat you possess a certain splric i! j! iastincb'vfhiish. at sight of tbesuiooth jonmey of the suu- across the Leavens c:-Tapa?s you'to move forward and pro nounce, *- I bcleive in God ; the heavens dedaie His glory, and the firmament showetJiIiii handiwork. ' Well it is to that very sime instinctthat we -would m&ke; our appeaL Vfe challenge you to hay whether, as you press on mtif^r the -Hscij-line ?? incurred- by ain and sorrow that sumo instinct does 'not ? bring- you. mailer the ltko necessity of pronouncing '?' I beJieTe in Joaus Christ, who was concoived by the Holy Ghost.' For ?-'c all tests ~we' Christians hold that the; God of Nature and the Gt-d of miracle are one God, and tliat of necessity, theVefore, 'the two most hang together. TSey - mast witness to the samo. origin, 'tfie same priitcipleB of work, the same _ .creative character. 'i'hat is the temper of our dear Lord and Master, our Lord Jesus Christ, so sane, so eelf-controUed, so confident in the steady and quiet motions of nature, which was His- .own -Father's peculiar handiwork. He told na in which and with which He works in intimate security. And that is the Christian temper. Our faith in Christ Jesus lays large and un faltering trust inthe veracity of human faculties, in the solidity of knowledge, in the reality of an instructed and in telligent experience. The Voice asd 'Cosjscience. Beloved, I wonld implore yon, base your belief in Jesus on. the convictions that form the ground of your confidence in the stability and reality of life. Base it on- that which is soundest in your reasonable manhood, on that which is most wholesome, most aBsuredinyour thought ; build it there as on solid land, not on the vague seas of your doubt and mistrust ! Only remember, such a belief so based must be serious, for it implies that this world of the conscience and of the spirit is governed by laws as fixed and sure, as universal as those which gcvernthe order of Nature. These is no trifling-' with these, do trusting- to luck or to chance. As fire burns, as water runs, 60 the fear of the Lord holds on its way with nndeviating certitude. ' Sure as the sun inthe heavens, sure as the sun will rise- to-morrow, ' so we say. Just such is the law of the Lord, the law of the moral' life. It works with the same relcntlt«s accuracy, with the same clearness, with the same per sistence j nothing can hold it back or turn it aside, or hide it, or deny it, or escape it, or defy it- 1 here is nothing hid from the heat thereof. On and on it bears down upon us, and its light piorces, and embraces, and searches, and reveals ? We must stand in it ! The sod is laid bear under it, wrappedround by that dread heat which burns its way in ! Nothing can ' be bid ! Oh, the severity of such a tearching fire ! Who can relieve the slain ? Who can soften theSame ? What may not we be proved to have done under such a scrutiny ! JLlass, we tremble with the Psalmist, we lift up*his cry, 'Who can tell how oft he offendeth ? ' O my . God, who alone can make me fit to ineet Thy most strict demands, who alone can ' order the un ruly wills and affections of sinful men, of Thy great mercy cleanse me from my secret thoughts ! Austere the message, but it has its comfort, too. For the law of Gcd has broken the silence in which the laws of Nature plied their work. So dreadful that dumbness ! Dumb the mighty son, rushing on its flaming journey; dumb the vault of heaven with its speechless stars. Voices ' trembled - on the verge, but they never came to our ear*; and the silence has terrified men until in their panic they have deemed the dumb world Godless. But now at last there is a voice heard! After' wind and fire and earthquake have ccme and gone, lo, thereisastiil small voice! It is the speech of Gcd, heard low and sweet by the heart of the child. Through the law of the moral life God speaks, and our hearing, our understanding of that Divine speech we name Conscience. Conscience is our waking response to a speaking God; conscience is that which will start up from its slumber in the night and listen and cry, 'Speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth.' Oh, the blessing of listening to that speech, the immeasurable relief of hearing at last a living voice in the silence! God has spoken a living speech to a living eouL Listen! Is He not speaking new? Brood ing Nature has found its voice! What is it which it says so clear, so strong, so true ? God spake' these Words and said, '?I am the Lord thy God ; thou shalt have none other God bat Me ; thoa shalt not murder; thou shalt not steal; Aon shalt not commit adultryj thou sh*tt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and ihy neighbour as thy self.' So He speaks, and conscience hears. Oh, tc-day if ye hear His voice harden not your hearts? 