TRANSPORTED: THE ROMANCE OP A CON VICT SHIP. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, CHAPTER XLU— (Continued.) Tom struck the tablo a furious blow with his clenched list. "Tell us all you know, Collins," I crlea. "Why," said he, picking up his cap, and fastening a nervous eye on torn, macs pretty nigh all I do know. They shut up artor this, and went below for a drink, then walked the deck. Captain Rotch soemcd to make nothen of my overhearing him, as though 'twasn't a business the likes of me was going to trouble his head over. And he was right. I don't recollect men tioning what I'd heard, except once, about a week aforo wc was burnt out, when there was some trouble over the starboard watch's allowance of sugar; then I tells one of my mates that the capt'n and Nod- der had got some dirty secret between them, and that each scorned in t'other's power. But nothen was made of this, and then comes the fire. It whips into ray head while- 1 stood a-listenlng to ye just now; and, capt'n, I've told ye the truth." "This should be taken down," said Bates. "Can you write, Collins?" asked Torm The man, with a grin, answered "No." "Give Collins a glass of grog," said Tom. I mixed a draught, and the man drank our health. Tom then said: "Collins, will you dictate to this lady the , yarn you've just spuu us?" "Willingly, sir." "I thank you," said Tom. He then bade me procure writing materi als while ho and Bates went to the fore castle to look at Noddcr. I told Collins to sit, and wrote down just as he talked, f felt heartily grateful to the man. Here now was a valuable piece of testimony in Tom's favor. This sailor, when ho told his story, did not even know the name of the man he was addressing; and, then, how could he have invented that stroke about tho auger, and that other point which had made Tom strike tho table — I mean the statement that Captain Butler had asked Noddcr for tho loan of the auger? I was so pleased that, guessing he might bo hungry, I put before him tho best cold meal I could hastily collect, and made him drink some wine. Indeed, I waited upon him as though this poor, plain, silly-eyed sailor had been Tom himself. 1 asked many questions about Rotch and Noddcr; ho had nothing very ill to say of Rotch. Nodder ho called a drunken bungersome nughead. (He was of Somersetshire.) When he had finished eating, he relieved Will. I told my cousin to see to the gal ley fire, and laid tho cloth for a laio din ner; and while I was thus busy, Tom and Bates, talking together very earnestly, came along the deck and entered the cabin. I showed my sweetheart what I had taken down. Ho said, "Let tho man put his mark hero, and tho three of you witness it while I hold the wheel." Bates read tho deposition aloud, and then Collins mado a cross, and we signed our names. This was a precious document. I would not have parted with it for all I was worth. I put it carefully away In the desk we had found in tho cabin I occupied, and then, returning, I eagerly asked Tom what he bad to tell mo about Nodder. "He's a surly, stubborn hound." said he — "very ill, and, in my opinion, dying. We lighted tho forecastle lamp. We found him lying in the dark, and groaning now and again. I stood apart while Bates spoke to him. Bates asked him how he did. Ho answered with an oath that he felt very low. Dates, long-windedly, put further questions to him. He then said, 'D'ye know what brig you're aboard of?' 'The Old Stormy, ain't it?' says Nodder. 'Yes,' says Bates, 'and d'ye know who her captain is?' 4 No,' answers the carpenter. 4 He's Captain But ler,' says Bates, 'who was in command of tiie Arab Chief, that you and Rotch charged him with attempting to scuttle.' The man lay silent a bit, and then said, 'I don't be lieve it.' 'Rotch does,' says Bates; 'he's locked up, and Cap Lain Butler means to hang him if, after a given time, lie doesn't confess that you and he conspired together t.o ruin him.' Here Nodder, who bad been lying on his back all this while, sat up, and said. 'There's no Butler in this ship. I hoered him sentenced, and he was lagged for 14 year.' On this, I stepped out of the eyes of the forecastle, where 1 had stood unobserved, and, coming under the lamp, where he could see me plainly, 1 said — "D'ye know me? Your memory should be as good as notch's.' The scoun drel looked, shut his eyes, looked, blinked, and looked again, cursed awhile, and lay back. I'd made up my mind to head on a new tack with this fellow; that is, to trim him differently from my handling of Rotch. I said quietly — 'Nodder, you're sick, and a dying man. How did you serve me, who never injured you? You ruined me, made a convict of me, broke my heart. You were a tool in Rol.eh's hands, and I believe you'd have undone the mischief be fore we reached England had you found courage. Rotch was the villain; you were his instrument.' He now turned his head to look at mc, and lay like a corpse, with his eyes fastened upon my face. I couldn't swear that he had his mind, that he clear ly understood. The fright and wonder of seeing me stirred the mud. of his soul and thickened his brain. Still I talked on. I told him that I had Rotch under lock and key, and should hang him if he didn't con fess. I repeated what Collins had told me. I then said that my enemy was Rotch ; that he was the mau 1 meant to get at and punish. 'If you'll dictate the truth to me,' said I, 'tell us the full story of the diaboli cal plot, and sign it, that your signature may be witnessed, I'll let you go. If you live to get north, I'll put you ashore, and you shall be no more troubled, unless you're willing to turn Queen's evidence, so as to help me to bring Rotch to his trial.' That wa.s in effect what I said. I spoke quietly, even kindly. Like Rotch, he made no answer. Tie lay looking at me, and, when I had done, still looked; and I waited for him to speak. Bates implored him to confess. The fellow, silent as a ghost, turned over in his bunk, and gave us his back. But it was early times. T wa.s re solved not to threaten him. After wait ing, I said to Bates — 'We'll go.' As we passed through the hutch, he called out, in liis harsh, hideous voice, though feebly enough — 'Won't you send me a drop of sperrlts? I don't want nothen to eat.' 'You shall be attended to,' said I, and we camo away." "What hopes of him havo you?" "Tie may bo brought to confess." "Would his unsupported confession suf fice, Tom?" "Suffice for what ?" "To obtain a full pardon." He looked at me gravely; then with a light smile said — "We'll think of the navi gation of the brig for the present, and talk of full pardons by and by." CHAPTER XLIV.— SHE WITNESSES NODDER'S CONFESSION. Tho Islanders had brought some fresh meat on board; I fried a steak, also boiled somo eggs, potatoes, and vegetables. Tak ing the Childe Harold first, and now this 01(1 Stormy, wc had been keeping tho sea many weeks. Tom's fare in the convict ship had been the prison's; Will had fed upon forecastle food; Mr. Bates and I had done just a little better, "no at the cabin table and I at tlio scrap basket. Tho island produce then must jnako us a deli cious meal. Tho island was about lihree hours astern of us, distant about 10 or twelve miles, a pile of sapphire, and the sea was of the same beautiful hue. Tho sky in the north was f rocs tod with snow — white clouds run ning in links like chains, with a little plumy shooting, as of mares' tails, aloug the advanced brow of the delicately com pacted stuff. The wind blew out of that quarter; It was a dead on end wind for us, but the brig uudcr topsails and fore sail only looked well up, ami now that Will had loosed the fore and main topgallant- sails, which had been sheeted homo, and tlio yards hoisted while I was in the galley, the liLtle vessel was beginning to buzz over the wide blue heave of swell, and the wrinkles from her cutwater broke into thin lines of snow abreast of tlio. gangways, as her nimble and metaled forefoot ate its way to windward. I spied a while sail down in the south west. Sho looked to be standing for the island. It. was as likely as not. we had been just in tiiuo to secure Messrs. ItoLch und Nodder. Tho discipline of the little ship had been HQttlod by tlio hour I had done with my cooking. We were now four sailors and a girl who could make herself generally use ful. While I was dishing the dinner. Will told me he had carried a pannikin of rum and some bread and meat into tho forecastle. Nodder drained the pannikin, but refused the food. Will accosted him civilly, having received his cue from Tom; the brute, after drinking, sat up and asked how it was Dial Captain Butler was out of quod? "lie was transported for fourteen year," ho said. "He's got eleven or twelve year to tutvvo yet. Who's tho smothered bloke that was down here acalling hixself Captain Butler?" Will answered, "Rotch knows." "What's hern done to him?" "IIo\; Incited up just now," rays Will. "Are they a-going to hang him?" "if he don't confess." On tills Noddcr lay back, and turned lib; face to the brig's side, and Will came away. When we sat down to dinner, Collins being at he helm, Tom cut some beef, and filled a tumbler half full of wine, and sent tho meal by Mr. Bates to Rotch. Bates was somo time In tho cabin witb the vil lain; indeed his own dinner was cooling. Suddenly Tom jumped up, and, going to my berth, which ho used when ho worked out his sights, tho nagivating instruments and charts being there, fetched some writing- paper, pen, and Inlc. Bates at that moment, appeared at tho end of the cabin. Tom called to him, "Oblige me by putting these things into Rotch's berth." Bates did so, locked the door, sat down, and foil to his meal. "Did he speak?" said Tom. "Yes." said tho mate. "He has an evil eye, He's aged ten years, too. He said, 'Captain Butler talks of banging me. Docs ho mean it?' 'Yes,' snJd I. 'But you know how to save your life.' 'He hang me! That 'ud he, murder. Curse him! You're, a brother sailor — would you stand by and allow it to be done?" I'm no brother sailor of yours,' said I. 'Right, the man that you've diabolically wronged by making a clean breast of your wickedness. If you don't there's never a brother sailor aboard this brig that won't put all his beef into the rope that yardarms ye.' I thought he'd fling himself upon me. His face was as full of devilish malice as you could have squeezed out of all hands aboard the con vict ship. I put down liis grub aud came away. He didn't speak when I took in the paper and ink." The subject wan changed, and tho talk that followed maiuly concerned the routine to he adopted. When J. had cleared tho table T stepped out to look at the island, and saw no more than a large faint shadow seventeen or eighteen miles away. The wind had veered a trifle, and we were making a better eourso for the northern clime, tboutfi whoro we were bound to I no more knew than how this wild, strange adventure was to end. I felt weary, and entering the deck-house, sat down at the foremost end of the table close to Tom's cabin door. I leaned my cheok on my hand, and gave myself up to thought. Strange as it may seem, I was sensible of a secret grievous disappointment that the island scheme was closed. I longed to be Tom's wife; had we arranged with Governor Glass to settle at Tristan, I might in a few weeks havo been Tom's bride. At this rate, when were wc to be married? If my sweetheart waited for Rotch to speak, the villain might keep us sailing about for months; uuless, indeed, Tom hanged him, which was less likely to happen as time cooled his blood and mine. And certainly to hang the man would be to murder him, as already I understood, though assuredly had Tom put tho yard- arm rope into ray hand and bado mo pull, I'd havo dragged ou that or on any other day with less compunction than I'd have squashed a spider. While I thus sat thinking over such matters as these, in steps Will ; he looked about and sat down. I heard a noise of feet overhead, and guessed that Tom and Bates walked the deck together. The sailor Collins steered; tho sunset glowed llko a shoot of burning gold upon the skylight. "Marian," said Will, "how long is this roaming t.o last?" "I wished I could tell you." I answered. "Butler's one goading idea just now is revenge. But I want to get home; rig out afresh, sign for a new; ship, aud start again. This sort of thing is merely pickling one. It will qualify me as a lobseouccr, I dare say; but I'm learning nothing useful, never have a quadrant in my hand, and get no jobs of seamanship to do." "Tom told you he'll steer the brig straight, for England, and put. you and Bates in the way of getting home. What more do you want? But for him you'd have been murdered by the convicts; or you might be lying dead in an open boat along with Captain Sutherland and the others. But you're safe, aud Tom's steering you home." I spoke hotly and raised my voice. He .stammered; ho had not before taken this view of liis deliverance, perhaps. "Well," says he. "but look here, Marian; granted that Butler sends Bates and me home; you stay behind. What's to become of you ?" "That's my business." "Not yours only. I'm closer -to you than Butler till you're married. I've a right to consider your safety, anyway. You're here through my help; your convict-ship adven ture was of my bringing about, it's my duly to see you safe out of the mess your romancing love has carried you into." An angry answer was on my lips when the door of the berth close beside me was opened, and Torn stepped out. I had not imagined he was there. Will changed color. My sweetheart, with the pleasantest smile I had yet seen on his face, put his hand on tho lad's shoulder, and exclaimed: "J couldn't help overhearing you, John stone; but i'm in item. I hope, to stop more from being bald than you'd wish me to catch. I admire your devotion to your cousin, and thank you for it. It is what 1 should expect of one with Marian's blood in him. Step this way, that our friend in the after cabin yonder may not hear me." I-Io led us into the berth I slept in, and closed the door. "Johnstone," said he, "I'll ask you a question or two. How do you know that T didn't attempt to scuttle the Arab Chief?" Tho lad looked startled, and answered: "I don't know; yet I'll swear you never made the attempt," "You wish to think me innocent; but you can't be sure." "On the top of Collins's story I am sure," said Will. "Pshaw; what is that evidence? Mere hearsay; the talk of a scoundrel seaman, perhaps, against his captain; and It's two to one still, even at that. How is Bates to know I'm guiltless? How is Marian, except of her great love and noble devotion and faith in rao, to hold mc innocent of a charge on which an intelligent jury and a sagacious judge condemned me, imprisoned me, expatriated me? Now," said ho, talk ing with perfect temper, "I've a right to prove myself an honest man to you all, haven't 1? Tho machinery of proof, by a marvellous ordering of Providence, happens to. be on board; I'm a little at a loss how to handle it; advise me, JohnsLonc." I seated myself at this point, and he put his arm round luy neck, with a light sar castic smile, as he looked at tho lad. "There's nothing Lo be done but wring the truth out. of the beasts." said Will. "How? As you wring a swab? Advise me, Johnstone." My cousin colored, looked jtvn, aud was silent. "My lad," said Tom. after a pause, "you cannot couuacl me. Of course not. Neither can Bates. What's the key, then, Lo fit this lock? Why. patience. And patience means that I must, keep my brace of vil lains aboard this brig till ihey confess, or .sicken and die; never parting with them till I've torn the jewel they've robbed me of out of their black hearts. Tf I .send you home, you'll have nothing to complain of?" "No, sir. But, Marian?" "Marian shall accompany you." "Never!" I cried, flinging his arm from my neck to look at him. "Marian." he said, tenderly, "yon will do what I wish when the time comes. No man could swiftly strlko out of such au amazing business as this a full and satisfy ing plan. You'll do what I wish and help mc by obeying." "But you mean to liang Rotch, Captain Butler?" said Will. "In time I may, Johnstone, even if I have to carry him to tho Mouth Seas to do it. But the villain'!! span, you see, is not yet allotted, so far as i am concerned." "Captain," Haiti Will, "I'm sorry I inter fered or spoke to Marian. You're a man of honor; you'll do whaL's right by my cous in." Tom smiled at him. "You will never get mo to leave you," said I, jumping up und grasping my sweet heart's arm. "You're tired, dear; the air is soft on deck; the evening is cloudless and beauti ful. Wrap yourself up, and I'll carry a chair for you on to the deckhouse roof." But matters were to come to a head more swiftly than ever I had dared dream. We had left Tristan five days behind us; in all this time the brig had gnawed her way lo westward on a taut bowline, the breeze holding fresh aud steady off tho bow, the blue seas flowing in long deep lines. Rotch throughout was waited upon by Mr. Bates. And, first, as to this man Rotch. I frequently questioned the mate about him, and gathered this: Ue spoke liLtle and ate poor.'y; lie craved for drink as though ho burnt, with a perpetual thirst of fever; and Bates put plenty of fresh water into his cabin, and rum enough to poison liim out of hand, if ever ho should have a mind for what I would now call a Barney Aaron drench. Bates told us the fellow was grow ing very thin in the face, and failing away in the body; already his clothes were fitting him ill. He was rentier;?,, and Baton sel dom entered his cabin without finding him pacing the little square of deck. Jt was Tom's wish that Bates should attend to tliu man; he was afraid to trust himself with him, and Will was young and green, and might by somo well-meant whisper baulk my sweetheart's scheme to terrify the man into a confession of truth. Once, when Bates went in with the pris oner's dinner, Roioh. leaning' against his bunk with his arms folded, so the mate described him, asked where ihey were sail ing the brig to. Bates answered plainly, "To England." Rotch said, "What, does the man Butler mean to do with mo?" Mains replied, "lie moans to keep you with him till von prov his innce nme. Time wilt b:> ! ir yrm tlien Hill, he'll h.-ui;; you. ' He's a man of his word; when you made a convict of him you mado a devil of him. He no longer holds human life in value. He'd shoot you through the head with as easy a heart as a felon brains a warder." "Suppose I do what he wants, what thon?" I asked Rotch. "I don't know," answered Bates. "Find out," said the man. When this was put to Tom he said, "Let I him confess; let the document bear his sig- I nature and be properly witnessed, and I'll ! hand him over to you, Bm.»s, to you and to j "Will, along with this brig and cargo. I'll t leave you in the Channel by tho first Frenchman who'll put me ashore In his country. What Miss Johnstone will do we'll j consider. First let the man confess." This ; was repeated to Rotch, who said to the mate. "What would you do with mc?" I "Establish Captain Butler's innocence," an swered the mate. "Tlio sooner you do it the better you'll be used." Rotch made no an swer. (To be continued.) 