(Smncn. Preached before the Ballarat Synod, 1895, in Clvri,3t Church Pro Cathedral, by the Dean op Melboubne. ' It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' — Acts xv. 28. Hebe are words bold almost to blasphemy. Nothing, indeed, short of its absolute truth and the speaker's conviction that it is true can redeem language like this from impiety. St. James speaks as if he and his fellow- councillors had been co-assessors with the Holy Ghost in framing the judgment which he delivers, as if, indeed, concurrence were needed of both voices— the human and the Divine— to validate, the conclusion. And the only explanation consistent with Christian Miivmli +tt io 4-n o4* 4'liici ttto ei vrtrtl Tw 4-n a /info ? 4- n ft 4- tn 4rrtn ithni'/in f\r t*Lr\rl ? iuiiuh vj xo uixuu ui_L*a vtaa xcaui uxj.^ uaoc ? uuciiu in uu.w v/uuiwi uj. vjiuu.^ in which the Spirit of Christ dwells and energises in living men, every decision to have authority must have behind it both the judg ment of men and the sanction of the Holy Ghost. We must certainly acquit the President of that august Synod of any thought of presumption. Not only he had a right to say what he did, but he would have had no right to use any less confident form of speech. If the Holy Ghost were not with them, then was their Assembly a mere name, their proceedings a mockery, and their conclusions not worth the paper on which they were written. The Synod of Christ's Church that shall meet and deliberate, and invoke Christ's presence at their sessions, and shall go on to frame rules and statutes and expect them to be obeyed by Christian men, but that shall be afraid to preface decree or manifesto with the assured declaration, 'It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us,' may, without delay, break up and go home. It is plain that they do not UCliGYt? 111 UA1.O UllOilUGl Ui 1*11171.1. IMY11 11UC1V1CO, ULJtcJ al-c olUUlllg CU1AU. legislating in the Temple of the Holy Ghost without understanding that the Spirit of God which dwelleth in them is a guiding force in their consultations, as well as a motive power in their lives. There is much interest in the fact that the primitive Church in Apostolic ages dealt with grave questions brought before them in general assembly. Church government, it appears, passed through several stages. In the first stage we find the Apostles controlling the action of the local Church, appointing and dismissing all its officers, instructing, rebuking, entreating, but always acting as men in power. Whilst the Church was only in its infancy, its institutions unformed, its future ministers untrained as yet for spiritual rule, if the Apostle or Missionary -who had founded the Church had scrupled to exercise an almost unlimited authority, the work of organising and establishing Churches would have been well nigh impossible. Synods of believers would have been premature experiments in districts recently delivered out of heathenism. The Apostles had to teach their new converts everything from the beginning, and to take the management of affairs entirely into their own hands, until the gift of Government, one of the gifts of the Holy Spirit, should have been so brought out in the local elders or brethren that they could admit them to a share of the administration. So, at first, Church government took the form of a despotism— a benevolent despotism always aiming at training its subjects for the part of freemen under a constitutional monarchy, but still for the time an autocracy. At first the only authoritative voices raised are those of the Apostles. Then at Jerusalem, earlier than anywhere else, because of the greater advantages that Church had enjoyed, and the large number of its inhabitants who had had knowledge of these things from the beginning, the first stage passed into the second. Here first we find Apostles and elders coming together to discuss questions submitted to them from Antioch, and Apostles, elders, and brethren joining in the conclusion finally arrived at. Nor is the Council spoken of as if it were a novel piece of machinery created for the occasion. The Apostles and elders come together as the recognised procedure when the Church is in committee, and the multitude, or brethren, as they are indifferently styled, are present, and give their votes as a customary thing ; also, the decision is communicated by the President to those whom it concerns, as the act of all the three Orders — Apostles, elders, and brethren — and as expressing the mind of the Holy Ghost and of the Church. We are not shown the process by whioh the Synod has come to be the official organ and oracle of the Church, but we find the Synod itself an existing fact, roughly foreshadowing in its constitution the diocesan assembly as we have recently revived it. And one thing is clear — it !|| could only have come into existence through the action of the |lj Apostles. The Twelve, at the first, had administration and legislation gUl in their own hands. Their. words were law to their converts and i|i followers. Their acts carried with them authority not to be HI questioned. Only when they seemed to transgress fundamental ill principles, or to shock the ceremonial conscience of the Jew, Hji so often at war with his spiritual ideals, were they called in question HI by the Church. But as they stript themselves before of executive I I authority in matters of business and charity to content dissatisfied |H foreigners, and to disencumber their own ministry of the charge of II temporalities, so now again they must have gone on of their own I I accord (for to deprive them of their prerogative other power there I a was none) to divest themselves of their functions as lawgivers, and |i to speak in Synod as men having a priority indeed in counsel, but | a not the sole right to decide. I I That this surrender of part of their power, and committing it to a 1 a body of men, was no retrogressive step, but a measure necessary to I | the growth and development of the new society, derives confirmation I I from a regard of the consequences that followed, the result of the I I appointment of the Seven being the great increase of the faith and HI the conversion of many priests, while by the decision of the Council JH of Jerusalem the yoke of bondage to the letter was lifted off the §H neck of the Gentile Church, and Christianity set iree for ever from H the prejudices and ritual of Judaism. JH I want you to understand this, because of the light it throws upon HI much that has taken place in our day in our own country. The H Bishop in these colonies had at the outset arbitrary power over his |H clergy. It was decided in courts of law that he had a right to grant || or revoke a clergyman's license at will. Nor was the case of the H| layman much better. Mr. Gladstone once said in Parliament that so HI far as the administration of any office was concerned, beginning at H§ the Sacrament of Baptism and ending with the Funeral Service, there |ja did not exist in the Australian colonies the slightest means of H compelling their administration either by public or private law. A || state of things so opposed to the genius of British institutions, the HI sentiments of English citizens, and the liberties of spiritual men, M must have told in the long run disastrously on the progress and H| influence of the Church. The question of patronage to livings, IH always one of great practical difficulty in a diocese, even when dealt H| with according to law, and with studious regard to the feelings of the |h people, if handled in arbitrary fashion, after the sic volo, sic jicbeo If principle, had possibilities about it of controversy and secession, H sufficient alone to wreck the order of a parish and imperil the H harmony of a diocese. Yet so long as the power rested with the H| Bishop, so long was he bound in making his appointments to consult ||s his own conscience and not the preferences of others. To relieve him H| of a burdensome responsibility, the English Legislature was appealed I 1 to for a Church constitution, but refused on the ground that it was a \ ! matter for the Colonial Legislature and not for them. The colonial j I authorities, when applied to, answered that since the Home Govern 1 | ment had refused, they felt it right to follow their example. | I Bishop Perry, who felt the gravity of the situation, was at infinite I I trouble to get his absolute power reduced , but for a long time met neither I 9 encouragement nor success. I do not intend to enter further into the I 1 history of the steps by which we arrived at last at the self-government I a we' enjoy. The change introduced by the Constitution Act, which t I brought Church Assembly' and Synod into existence, was rightly styled I a revolution, for it altered the whole form of government which had |l hitherto prevailed in the Victorian Church. But it was a revolution if for which there was an absolute demand, if at least there was to be j| any effective co-operation between the laity and the clergy. It has H not always been an easy thing in these days of liberal ideas and H democratic institutions for a constitutional monarchy like the Church H to command the sympathy and respect of the people ; but to have H - attempted to steer a spiritual despotism through the troubled seas of H a socialistic age could only have ended in disappointment and disrup II tion. What I want now to impress upon you is that just as in the IH primitive days the freedom and self-government of the Church were HI obtained through the self-denying action of the Apostles, so the III independence which we enjoy, of which this Synod itself is the visible H I token and instrument, has come to us through the voluntary surrender ||] of his rights and powers by Bishop Perry, and the acquiescence in his III act of all the bishops that have followed him. There is nothing III conferred by our Constitution Act on Assembly or Synod which did |H not previously belong to the Bishop. There is no step you can now ||| take as synodsmen which the Bishop before the passing of the Act m,\ could not have taken without you. I am not insisting on this point |H ? for the sake of the obvious lesson, that we are bound . in return to H preserve inviolable such portion of the Episcopal power as has not | a | been given up. It is not the Bishop's office I am solicitous now to 1 1 1 exalt in your eyes, it is your own. Those powers which you have been ||j called to exercise, though not the highest part of the Bishop's office, 1 1 are yet Episcopal in their character and origin. Assembled here, you II | represent the Bishop, not in his character as ambassador from God to |p you, or as representative for you to God, but in those matters of | a! temporal jurisdiction and management in which he needs to know the I I wishes and obtain the concurrence of his people. What a sense should II be yours of being called to a sacred office, of a duty on you to weigh well your voices, as well as your acts, and to seek guidance from above, that you may fulfil your part to God's glory and the extension of Christ's kingdom. Yes, and what encouragement, too, should be yours from that confident declaration of St. James, as true of any resolution of Synod or Council of faithful men in these latter days as of that First Council in Jerusalem — ' It seemed good unto the Holy Ghost and to us.' One more point. It was a daughter Church at a distance to which the epistle from St. James was to come. Antioch had been evangelised from the Jews' country, and had received, like us, to the quickening of her religious life and her encouragement and confirmation in the faith, her first spiritual chiefs from the Mother Church. Jerusalem had as great a claim upon Antioch as Canterbury has on Melbourne or Ballarat. But we find no assertion of a patriarchate, no demand made for submission, or uniformity, or acquiescence. The indepen dence of the younger Church is not touched or threatened, but true independence is felt to be in no way compromised by a healthy union with the parent Church, and a filial recourse to her councils and rulers for advice in a difficulty, and for a declaration of the Catholic practice as to matters on which they themselves were uncertain and divided. From that time to the present these two principles mark the relation between daughter Churches and their mother — independence and confederacy — the first containing the secret of their energy, extension, and growth; the second, of their, permanency, their influence, their maintenance of standards, conservation of uses, identity of ideals, and consistency of beliefs. Now not only is independence of foreign authority our inalienable heritage as a branch of the Catholic Church, but experience teaches us that self-governing countries must have self-governing Churches. Like the Ancient British Church, before the arrival of Augustine, we acknowledge no dependence upon any primacy or patriarchate without the colonies. If a patriarchate in which! our churches are to be included shall ever arise, it must be preceded, as in old time, by the creation of a civil dominion of Australia through the federation of the various civil provinces into which Australia is now divided. But confederation, the widest and most comprehensive, of the dioceses of the Anglican Communion, corresponding to that federation of the English-speaking nations which is our political ideal, is the thought and hope of every true Churchman who desires in these latter days to see the City of our God become the joy of the whole earth. And for the practical form which such confederation should take, in the utter hopelessness in the present state of the Church of any help from an Oecumenical Council, our hope lies remotely in the convention of an Anglican Synod embracing all the provinces which are now represented in the Lambeth Conference, and more nearly in such a general use and loyal acceptance of our own General Synod, and of the Conference of the English Communion already established at home, as shall prepare the way for the higher and. more authoritative body to follow, which is to be the coping- stone and crown of English Churchmanship and Anglican unity, and so to express the collective wisdom of the Church under the guidance of the Holy Spirit that it may be no arrogant pretence, no vain imitation, to say of her ordinances, '.'It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' Nor have these aspirations merely for their goal the development of English Christianity or the consolidation of our kindred Churches in one world-wide league and sisterhood. Let me illustrate our true object by a quotation from Bishop Bickersteth :— ' ' The Anglican Communion has proved itself capable of assimilation with all countries to which it has reached, however diverse in manners; laws, and institutions. And it only needs, God helping us, more recognised relations to the Church at home, in accordance with ancient principles, in order that it may become a powerful instrument for preserving the integrity of the British Empire. But it may become far more than this. It may do much to promote the unity of Christendom ; it may help to hasten onwards the Redeemer's Advent. Who shall assign limits to the influence which may be exercised by so great a confederacy, following strictly the ancient footsteps, and bound together in the unity of the Spirit! , The eye kindles as it ranges over the ever- widening, ever-brightening prospects, until it sees the glow in the sky in the Eastern horizon which announces the speedy coming of the Everlasting King.' The Prince of Wales is Heir-apparent, and also Grand Master of the Masons ; but who would say that, as Grand Master of the Masons, he has the right to succeed to the Throne of England ? So St. Peter was an Apostle, and also, on the Eoman hypothesis, Bishop of Eome. But admitting, for the sake of argument, that the Eoman hypothesis could be sustained, then St. Peter would be both Apostle and Bishop. According then to the ordinary rule, the prerogatives of his higher would not belong to his lower office. If it were otherwise in St. Peter's case, why was it so ? No reason whatever is given to us ; but, on the contrary, a further enormous assumption is made, not only that St. Peter held all his Apostolical prerogatives as Bishop, but further, that every man who succeeded him as Bishop of Eome inherited those pre rogatives. Not only does the Prince of Wales' succeed to the English Throne as Grand Master of the Masons, but all succeeding Grand Masters inherit from him his right of imperial succession. 