Selected Poetry. TOO LATE. In dust of roses in an antique jar, With rare sweet savours round and over it Of spicy odours Time can never mar, I find a letter by a woman writ. Ho ghost could make me shudder as the Of this poor missive all so long unseen, Wherein I read of all my lost delight . And all the sweetness of what might have A woman’s face, a woman’s tender touch, A woman's gentle voice and soft caress— STourself, my darling, whom 1 loved so much, For ever by my side to soothe and bless— All mine for but one poor unspoken pray’r My faint lips might have uttered long All lost (and surely this is hard to bear) .because 1 did not hope aud could not I hold the crumpled sheet that tells it all,. And, lookiugonyourgracious^oving words, One dead sweet hour my dreaming thoughts recall. Made glad by whisp’ring leaves and song of birds. '• And in a green and shady woodland place 1 see the Spring’s pale snushiuo on vour hair, , , The matchless marble beauty of your face, Beyond all other women's cold aud fair. Across a dreary gulf of tears and pain You come, a" raidant vision of the pnst, . . AncLall.unehanged, nnwithered stjlLxemain, 0 love, as'when f looked upon'you.last' I Ah, had L told you in that hour, my sweet, Of all the true deep love you could not And pou red'my soul’s wild passion at your feet, 1 uiwbt have heard your soft and whispered " Yesl” But, fool and blind, 1 did not dare to speak ; Ho tender glance or word would fear allow Because my love had made my heart so weak! I wrote my pray’r, and .read the answer— How—and 1 waited, oh, with what despair In that dead time of bitter loss and lliame ; And, while I deemed my grief too hard to bear, You watched and wondered, and I never came 1 Some wayward chance, some pitiful mistake— Ah me, could sadder destiny appear?— Two lives wore ruined aud two hearts might This letter lay among the roses here ! Oh, cold and cruel irony of Fate, That, having Held most precious gifts un Thcn mocks us. with the bitter words, “ Too late,” And, hardest taunt of all, “ It might have I 