THE GOSPEL MINISTRY AS ILLUS TRATED IN THE ACTS OF THE APOSTLES. Reaching the tenth chapter of the Acts we are struck' with this fact that the early educational prejudices of a minister may obstruct the progress of his ministry. And we refer n-?w to prejudices of a traditional sort which, up to the time that the light of God reveals their inexpediency, have no moral quality and do not involve personal guilt. This is the situation in which we find Peter, at the time this vision was vouchsafed to him on the housetop at Joppa. He still had Jewish prejudices which evep asserted themselves in his sleep, were stronger than a hungry appetite, and were not weakened at the first sound of a voice from heaven. Manv modern pie judices have not so good a foundation as those of Peter. His were doubtless based tipon sound interpretation and conscientious application of the law. Ours may be just as conscientious, but possibly not so sound. What Peter needed was normal adaptation to the progression of the dispensation and of revelation. What some of us need is to be divested of traditional legacies which we may have inherited from parents, Churches, oommentators, theologians or consensus of opinion which never had measured up to the light and liberty of the dispensation in which we live. We note that Peter's entire sanctification upon the Day of Pentecost did not, at once, correct or enlarge his personal views on this subjeot. It was not until these views would have impeded the inward march of the Gospel and the progress of Peter's ministry n the Spirit that God brought the matter forcibly to his attention. Wo note a point or two here : (1) The baptism with the Holy Ghost does not of itself perfect a man's theology. (2) The scruples of some truly sanctified persons are not authoritative dictates for the consciences of others. (3) Views which may not prevent our own salvation may ultimately be in the way of our highest usefulness. (4) The Spirit of holiness is the spirit of progress, both in extension of God's work and in the expansion of our own views. — Rev. Joseph H. Smith, in the Christian Standard. 