? THE I HOUSE OF RI1M0N. I A Story of the 'Black Country' of I South Staffordshire, ? -^y. sc':. i'~ r ': ??' ' I JEANIE GWYBJE BETTANY, . ? Author, of I ^Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies,' &c; CHAPTER XXXIX. I it 'was between 5 and 6 o dock -when I jfr. Saltring and Mr. Rimpler arrived I nHaekbit's house; it was dark. There I was 110 light in any of the downstair I joonis facing the street; but one of the I wo upper rooms had a light, wMch I gbone through dark red curtains. I On entering they were met by Wil I sou. who ignored Air. Rimpler alto I irPiher, and lookejfliifgB&ddressed;, and ^?mswered Mr, S^irigi£6n3y- Wm Tbe doctor had1 seen Mr. ' Hackbit, ^H and had ordered such large doses of ^H ^aiidanuni, and so often, that Mrs. ^H Hackbit dared not give them. She was ^H upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which Wil ^H gou did not think proper or safe, as ^H jir. Hackbit was mad, in her opinion, ^H aad wanted a strait-jacket. ^H Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and Mr. ^B Binipter remained where he was, for H| wme time, and afterwards went to his ^H own bedi-oom and sat there. ^H As Mr. Saltring opened the door of ^M the bedroom, he saw Keziah, terrified ^M and weeping, and Mr. Hackbit in a ^H very menacing attitude.. He seemed. ^H to recognise Mr. Saltring as he enter ^H ed. and addressed him at once. ^H 'rm ghid you've come,' he said, with ^H leavy and ill-aimed movements, trying ^H to wipe- the perspiration from his brow ^H asd face, which was deeply red. 'You ^m ivjii see me rigtited. They're in a plot ^B gainst me. She's in it,' pointing ^H Triili a trembling hand towards Keziah. ^H 'The devil's in it, too. And I saw him ^H last night looking in at the window, ^H Tfer're all in the plot.' ^H -TVe'U see it all put right,' Mr. Salt ^H D? repM-ed soothingly. Then turning ^H » Keziah, he said, 'Wilson says you've ^H jot given the medicine the doctor or ^m ted.' ^H 'It's laudanum,' whispered Keziah, ^H with dilated eyes^ 'and so much and so ^H ofren, I'm afraid.' ^H 'Tou must- not be afraid,' said Mr. ^H Saltring. 'Let me give it' ^H Hackbit began to walk about the ^H room unevenly and rapidly. Mr. Salt ^H ring steadily dropped the laudanum in ^H to a glass. 'Come, Hackbit,' lie said, ^H drink this.' ^H Hackbit made a step forward, and at ^H tempted to grasp the glass, but missed ^H iis aim, and his hand closed on air. ^M He was standing close to Mr. Saltring ^M mk. His eyes were terribly blood-shot, ^H and looked as if he could not have slept ^M for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised ^M to srlass to his lips. Hackbit atternpt ^M «i to hold it, too, but trembled so vio ^H Imrl.v that his teeth chattered against ^m ike glass. He swallowed the dose, ^H lowever. ^H '-I shall be ruined,' said he, as soon ^H is lie had swallowed it. 'They're all ^M in the plot, Saltring. There's that ^H Simpler, he ferrets everything out. He ^H got to know all about uncle Rimnion. ^m and tne business in Brum.' Here he ^H koke off, -and began to strike the air H Tiolently. 'Take that?' he said, 'and ^H that' The perspiration was pouring ^H off hjm now. Mr. Saltring pinioned ^B Mm. fearing what he'ftrould.'de next. ^m 'Look here,' he said, 'Saltriug. I'm ^M sot going to be cut with then! knives. ^H Itnow what you're holding me for.' ^H 'You're not going to be cut with any ^M talres.'. cepjied Mr. Saltring. ^m 'Well,' returned Mr. Hackbit, confi ^B tatially, 'I've killed that fellow three ^m times to-day, and there lie is again,' ^M snd he shook himself free of Mr. Salt ^H ring, and plunged towards the mirror, ^H in which was his own reflection, and ^M sent it smashing into the window. Mr. ^M Saltring seized him, but he was not ^H snfficient Hackbit struggled and rav ^B efl. Keziali flew from the room, and ^M failed Mr. Rimpler. ' ^Wilson was on ^H the staircase. ^M 'Fetch the doctor,' Keziah said to her; ^H 'the master's worse.' ' ''?- ^m She did not go back into the room. ^B Once free, she dared not return. She ^B just went downstairs and sat in the ?I dark dining-room, in a kind of apathy. ?? She was startled from her reverie by HJ ihe doctor's voice. He was asking BJ ivhere she was. She went to him. BJ 'Have you given the laudanum, Mrs. BJ Hackbit, twenty drops every two hours, BJ fince I was here?' he asked her. BJ 'Qh, doctor, I didn't dare,' said poor Bfl Eoziab. ^H The doctor was an abrupt, and not a BJ !ady's man; so he became angry. BJ 'Do you want him to die,' he. asked, Bfl irith an aspect of ferocity, 'that you JB dorft obey my orders? He would Bfl have been asleep now, if you had done ?B That I -told you.' And with this the Bl doctor walked upstairs, Keziah. follow ? 'g. BJ Mr. Hackbit had in the meantime BJ been fastened to Ms bed, and had be BJ »me more violent, though, his efforts BJ were ineffectual. BJ 'Just one drink of brandy, Rimpler, BJ come,' Hackbit was bawling in his ear. BJ 'It would make a man of me again. BJ Look here,' he called out to the doctor, BJ 'these madmen make me stay out in BJ this graveyard without a drink of bran BJ fly to steady my nerves. They can't BJ see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, how BJ their bones rattle Joist one little drink ? of brandy, and I'll stand it.' And. he BJ babbled on feverishly. 'Look here, BJ my good people, it's not my fault,' he BJ called, out, 'I am only the representa BJ tire. You didn't borrow the money BJ of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as BJ Poor as you. Don't bother me about BJ where you're going to sleep to-night.' BJ See, I am in a cold graveyard. Tve BJ nothing better.' BJ Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, BJ who was dropping some more lauda BJ nnni in the glass. H 'He's on a bad way,' he said. BJ 'He must get sleep,' said the doctor, BJ 'at all cost. That fool of a woman BJ didn't give the doses:' BJ Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent BJ this language. But looking in the doc Bj tor's face, he concluded that iiis bark Bj was woree than his bite. ? Backbit willingly drank out of the B glass, but did not appear satisfied. ? His hands were loosed, and he moved B them incessantly in a nervous way B against one another or upon the quilt. B 'Are'. you' staying here to-night?' the B doctor asked of Mr. Saltring. ' B 'Yes,' he replied. ; 'Then give Jiim the twenty drops again every two hours until 'he sleeps. Mrs. Hackbit ought to ..go to bed. . She. looks miserably ilL 'Give her two glasses of port wine.' ' : 'Thank you, doctor,' said Hackbit 'That's something like. I shall be another man now.' Overhearing the words, he supposed 'the wine was or dered for himself. Keziah had slipped from the room, out she was standing outside. 'I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port,' said tbe brusque doctor. ?? ? 'No, no,' said Keziah, waving him away with her hand. 'Not that, not that terrible stuff, after— after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like Mm upstairs; a good dose, and end it all.' And she burst into a passion of weeping. The doctor patted her head, as lie might- have done a child's, with his rou'ghv ^ 'lieavy 'hand,, which, could be gentley -It 'appeased.-- ^*Tou want rest.'- And he took her with Mm downstairs and administered the port wine there and then, and went away, muttering that women were most extraordinary creatures. 'Only think of that beast upstairs being cried about, and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man is the more they stick to him.' As soon as he was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring, and gave orders to Wilson in reference to the night and things for Mr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some hours later, when all was hush ed in the sick room and Keziah was lying on the couch in the dining-room aloner she saw a figure standing out siSe, 'looking up to lifer window. She sprang 'up like a cMld who sees its mother after a long absence. She could not let him go away again with out having one word of comfort from Mm. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew to Elworthy's side. 'Oh, Rupert,*' she said in a convul sive wMsper, 'he's maddened with the drink.' Elwortliy held her near Mm, and muttered something she did not catch. 'You have got some doctor, Kizzy,' he said. 'Did lie tell you to give lauda num? He must have it to get to sleep, pr lie will die.' 'Oh, yes, Rupert,' said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear in it. 'My poor darling,' said Elwortny. What else could he say? 'You must not remain here another moment; you are trembling.' And he added with some vehemence, 'If you were ill, who should keep me away? Who is with him now? You've got a nurse, Kizzy?' And he thought with horror of the pos sibility of his darling having to listen to the ravings of that brute who called her wife. 'Mr. Saltring came, and is with Mm to-night,' she answered. 'God bless and reward him for it,' said Elworthy solemnly. 'And now good night.' And he said lingeringly, 'I shall come again to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. You may speak to me or not, as you need.' He longed to kiss her, but did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in the darkened dining-room. But all this time Mr. Silas Rimpler had been keeping a vigil, like the owl in a belfry, widest awake when others are sleeping; and had been in no small degree amused and gratified by the scene that was enacted under his win dow. CHAPTER XL. The following morning, to the utter astonishment of everybody but Mr. Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presented a per fectly natural appearance— in fact, seemed quite well. He was not in a good temper, however. Mr. Saltring could not help noticing that Keziah was not being well treated, and he felt he that lie could not leave the house with out speaking of it. He had always been extremely foud of Keziah, and he and Hackbit had had former conver sations upon the question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. The 'conversation took place while Hackbit was sitting iip in bed, eating Ms breakfast, at 11 o'clock, for ne had slept till then. 'This is a bad job, Hackbit,' Mr. Saltring began. 'You were going to reform when you married. This is the way you have done it. Don't you think it too bad?' 'That's all you know about it,' re torted Hackbit, with a cunning expres sion. 'You see, I thought I was mar rying an honest woman, but I have changed my opinion, and see no neces sity for being too particular.' 'What do you mean. Hackbit?' said Mr. Saltring, very indignantly. 'Are you aware what you are saying? Do you know that you are attacking one o£ the best and purest of women by your 'vile insinuation?' 'Ha!' replied Hackbit 'That kind of ianguage is all very well when you want to write poetry, and when you're in love. I now give it as my opinion that there is no such thing as an honest woman.' Mr. Saltring stared. He could not for the moment reply. At length he said, 'You are estimating others by yourself, Hackbit' And then regret fully, 'I used to think there was some good in you, but I don't think it now*. A man who can slander that angel wants kicking.'- 'Look here,' said Haekbit, stopping in the conveyance of a spoonful of egg to Ms mouth, 'just you stay here to: night, and watch by this window, and if you don't see that Edmonton— that Elworthy, I mean, d ? Mm! — my name isn't Hackbit' 'One of your wild illusions,' said Mr. Saltring, defiantly. 'And if you think I shall play the spy on your wife, you have made a great mistake. I can trust her.' 'Well,' said Hackbit, 'that, time will show. But if you don't believe my words, ask Rimpler.' 'Do you mean to tell me that you've been setting that cur on to spy upon your wife?' 'No, I don't It was he who told me first. He had seen them together and seen them lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to. him, I suppose.' 'I dont believe a word of it,' said Mr. Saltring, mopping Ms bald bead, 'and the sooner you get that slander ous .villain out of the house, the bet ter. He must have had a good opinion of you, to tell you such a tb.ing. ril answer for it, nobody would speak to me of my wife so. You are as bad as he is, Hackbit We can't eo easily get rid of you, but you can get rid of him.' 'No, I can't,' replied Hackbit, shortly. 'Because you want to keep him as a spy, I suppose.' 'No, not for that either. I can, do my spying myself. But he knows too much of my business .±o be sent away.' ._ . . '*It must be creditable business, to make you afraid to send him away.' 'It's none of your business at any rate; but I tell you one thing, Mr. Saltring, I shall not have you here lecturing me. Every ; Englishman's house ie his castle. So take yourself offi I won't have you. in; my house another moment, on any pretence whatever. You see I can send you away, if I don't send Rimpler.'' And Hackbit tore violently at a bell rope near him. It came away in his hand, and dropped upon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enough to have done anything. Mr. (Saltring : smiled faintly, and said, 'If you were going to ring to nave me shown out, you might spare yourself the trouble; I know the way.' And he moved towards the* door. 'This from a man,' he thought, 'Whme life I have probably saved.' How much he wished he had kept his temper. This man was master of the house, and of Keziah; and now that he was forbidden the house, he could help Keziah in. no way, whatever might happen. He went slowly from the room, followed by a mocking laugh from the bed. When lie heard this, and thought of the spirit that prompj ted it, his heart failed Mm for the girl who must remain under the same roof; and he thought bitterly, how far from humau help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat her. He had been downstairs to break fast, and Keziah had become almost cheerful with him at the table to wait upon. She had been so comforted in having him in the house. How should ?he tell her he was never to come again? He went to the nursery to look for her. She thought sometMng was wrong, for he did not notice either of the children, 'Kizzy,' he said, 'come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when I shall get the chance to do that again.' She caught her breath quickly, and waited for him to explain. 'Yes, Kizzy, I am not to come here any more,' he said; 'I have offended your husband.' She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if words had depended on it. The ground seemed to be taken away piece by piece from under her feet. 'Mr. Saltring,' she. said at length, with tearless eyes, 'do me one great kindness. It is great, I know, and my heart will ache. But I feel now is the moment. I must make the sacri fice. Who knows what tragedy is coming to this house? Dear Mr. Sal tring,' she said, clutching his hand in both hers, while he looked away from her, take Bertram home with you. Y'ou offered to do it once, and I would not I thought I was going to do so well for him. I have not the power now. I feel be is not safe under this roof. My husband hates him. If everywhere must go, why not sooner as well as later? He will cry for me a little, but he will forget soon. You will all be so good to him.' Mr. Saltring had let her go on with out replying. Then he turned his face full on her, and, holding her by both shoulders, said, 'Get him ready.' Tbe smile that broke over the pale face would have been a reward for any man. She was turning away, when he called her back to remark, 'Shall I take both children? ' 'No,' she said, wistfully, 'Lenny is safe enough; he is his father's child.' It was not long before the child was brought; and he seemed very much elated at the thought of going a 'yide in a gee-gee.' But to the astonish ment and even disgust of Wilson, who was crying, and also of Mr. Sal tring and Keziah, the child insisted on saying good-bye to 'Rimpy,' as he called him. 'Some people think that children and dogs can always find out a bad man. We know from experience this is far from being the case. A man who is fond of children, and kind in his man ner to them, will always win their re gard, be he ever so bad in other re spects. It was a fact that Mr. Rimpler, hear ing the child from the office, which was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cut up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed really moved as the child flung his arms about his neck. 'Oh, you old hyprocrite,' said Wil son, under her breath. She was like many others; to her Mr. Rimpler was a prodigy of evil; consequently, she could not believe in his possessing a single trait of goodness. But the hyprocrite went into the office and positively shed a few tears when there was no one to see him. There had been a time in his life when soft arms had been thrown round his neck and he had felt Mmself the happiest man alive. But now. long years had passed since he had felt them. How these little arms re minded him of that time! At this mo ment, could he have chosen some de finite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. But he thought of no direct course. And a vague wish to do better rarely ends in much good. Keziah did not cry when she parted with her darling. She was filled by the thought that she was sending him to happiness and safety. She had made a great sacrifice, but she felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and nothing went with the child but one little box containing immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackbit having got out of bed, saw the trap drive off, and understood the case at once; and though inwardly glad, he decided to be outwardly vexed. His bell-rope was off, he could not ring; so he slipped on some clothes as quickly as he could, and went down stairs in a way that would have star tled anybody that saw him. He found Keziah and Wilson drying their eyes in the dining-room. This suggested a revenge that must be ef fective. 'So, Keziah, you have thought fit to send Bertram away without consult ing me. Now there is only one child, there is no need for Wilson;' this with an evil light in his eyes. 'You can oecupy yourself with attending to Leo nard, Then perhaps you will get to care a little bit for your own child. You've a month's notice from to-day, Wilson.' Wilson's red eyes flashed, and she flung out of the room. 'Why do you do it?' said Keziali. 'Why do you send everybody away who is kind to me?' 'To please myself,' eaid the hus band coldly. 'You have more to learn yet, Keziah. Do you think it safe to trifle with me?' 'I do not trifle with you,' returned Keziah steadily. 'You lie,' replied her husband. 'Perhaps you would like me to send you away from the house, and give you an excuse to do what you want to do. Well, you shall not have your wash. You shall stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't think it's because I'm so fond of you. But I've a right over you, and here you will stay.' 'You treat me like a slave,' said Keziah. 'You shall know more of what that means,'- said her lord, and left her. - Mr. Rimpler had heard this conver sation, as anybody might have done who had been in the office at the time. And when Hackbit, having left his wife, joined him, he was moved to say, having just had better feelings. 'You've been too hard on Mis .Hack bit In spite of all we've seen I don't believe any harm has been done; and I don't believe Mrs. Hackbit .would ever do any harm. She has done no worse than speak to him. That's my opinion, and I know tne world.' CTo be eoniiauea.) ~ :/:/'' 