The Federal Party. 'And they all with one consent began to make excuse.' We all know, or we ought to know, the excuses that were made by those bidden to the feast of old, and the means taken to ' paper the ? house' on the occasion. One is irresistibly reminded of the ancient Eastern celebration by a great gathering of nearly two score persons yesterday whereat the guests assemblediat the bidding of Sir Henby Pabkes — not to celebrate a certain recent political marriage, but to promote the cause of Australian federation. The names of presum ably the most prominent of the thirty-five or so who were pre sent have been published, and among the most conspicuous of them, with the exceptions of the convener and Mr. Copeland, was an Attorney - General from a neighboring colony. Apart from the gentlemen mentioned, the meeting — it was ' convened by private circular' — can scarcely be regarded as either a representative or ? an influential one. But what was most interesting about the proceed ings were the excuses offered for staying away. Among others who had . been bidden to the federal ' feast of . reason ' were Messrs. Barton, Bhuce Smith, B. R. Wise, A. W. Meeks, and J. M. Purves, whose presence, had they not preferred being elsewhere, would have lent something of an air of importance to the gathering. Their excuses are very fine. Mr. Bruce Smith says » he has made it a rule not to attend meetings; Mr. Babton . and Mr. Wise were 'in court,' like sensible men preferring fees to fed eration meetings; Mr. Meekb had ** pressing business engagements f and Mr. Pubves 'a business en gagement.' Mark the dis tinction. There was, bv 'the way, some slight compensation for all this coldness. Mr. Wise' *' wrote a lengthy letter.' Whether it was the lengthy letter in question^ or the ' strong animadversions ' by the convener of the meeting upon, the manner in .which the business of pur own Parliament is now transacted, it is. not easy to say j but the neighboring Attorney- General seems to have been 'considerably 'impressed by what lie bad heard, for he declared that -as the result lie would ' go back and report that there was a better 3iope than1 he had ^thought for hastening; on the clay ' of federation.' Uur ivppecte«l visitor,' if be 'would taVo t'-ss«'t'ou^'.e ..-...-..?__ » to study the history of the'past few 1 weeks in our own Parliament — -not a : very entertaining subject, it must be confessed— might possibly go back home winking the other eye at the exertions now being made in New South Wales on behalf of 'the sacred cause of Australian Union.' As for , one of those who did not excuse himself it would have ; been -well if he had . stayed away. ; He was of too candid a mind for |a federation gathering called by private circular. We refer to Mr. W. Stod daht. This gentleman said that there was a suspicion that the pre sent Opposition was making use of federation to enhance its chances of getting into office. No -wonder that at this point Mr. Copeland. found it fitting to interpose with ' quite unjustified,' and that the ( meeting came speedily to a vote. Mr. Stoddabt added that he was only pointing out the suspicions that might arise in the minds of the people. But skere are so many sus picious people about that if Mr. Stoddabt is inclined to repeat their doubts it will be well to re move his name from the list of those eligible to receive private circu lars. He might in an access of can dour take to asking what had filled Messrs.- Oscar Meyer and J. Goldstein' with zeal to found a nation, or how it come about that Mr. John Davxes, M.L.C., could act with Opposition members who once spoke so unkindly of \\\ivn concerning certain hats, and of him and Sir Henby Pahkes concerning the Casual Labor Board. When 'A New Federal Party ' has to enlist re cruits from such various sources, it is evident that the suspicions which Mr. Stoddaet thought affected the public mind to some extent are pretty widely spread. The Government, after -what Sir George Dibbs calls an 'unearthly sitting,' has managed to get through its tariff resolu tion, its income tax resolution, and its Jand tax resolution. This, of course, however, despite the decisive majorities bv which thfi nnininn nf the AsspmhlT mas declared, leaves opportunity for more ob- 1 struction send more unearthly proceedings, after which the Opposition will, doubtless, say that the Government has neglected bu siness and not done all it promised. There can be fights in the Assembly on each item of the tariff, and on each clause of the Income Tax Bill and the Land Tax Bill, besides which there may be chances j to put spokes in the Government pro- i gramme in the Upper House, notably in | connection with the Land and Income I Tax Assessment Bill. Members of Parlia- | ment have serious reason to be alarmed j for their individual physical health, and j for their corporate political health, on j account of the prospect which the present j composite Opposition is preparing for i them. As for physical health, the object of obstruction is to break down, the other side by fatigue, and obstruction has to be resisted by similar tactics. Concerning corporate political health, the constitu tional patriarch of New South Wales seems bent on demonstrating how par liamentary government can be made ri diculous. A number of gentlemen met yesterday ' to consider the advisability of immediately organising a chamber of manufactures, for the purpose of promoting, by organisation in town and country manufacturing enterprise and industry.' It is rather remarkable that this proposal should have been eo much in the nature of an after thought. Strange that it never occurred to the ' manufacturers ' ' to take such a step as this when it might have been taken under the auspices of a Government, a large part of whose rhetorical stock-in-trade was talk about native manufactures; talk, how* ever, which brought so faint an echo from the general public. Why were the manufac turers so silent then ? With grave, if at the same time unconscious irony, one of the speakers at the meeting observed that the proposed institution might be expected to exercise a wide and salutarv influence on tin Win opinion, ' while not participating in party politics.' If it should indeed adopt so comparatively neutral an attitude, it will depart very widely from the programme which most of the speakers seem to have mapped out for themselves. They were evidently political partisans to their finger tips. The gist ' of their argument was unmeasured denunciation of the. freetrade policy of the present Government. Without any prejudice, as it is to be hoped, to the important inquiry which is now going in respect of the Dean case, attention may be directed to the remarkable circumstance of a professional clairvoyant having been called as one of the wit- 1 nesses. And much of what she said was from information which she professed to i have acquired in the clairvoyant state, i It is not necessary to make the slightest j remark one way or another as to the value j which may be attached to such peculiar testimony. It is the very uncommon na ture of it in connection with a solemn legal investigation which calls for a pass ing word. To be sure, in strangeness it falls a long way short of a. judicial pro cedure of which Sir Walter Scott some where mention in. referring to celebrated old Scottish trials. At one of these trials Sir Walter says that the al leged testimony of a ghost was admitted by the court as telling conclusively against the prisoner. . In connection with ghosts, that yarn re specting the spirit who Is supposed to be re-visiting the glimpses of the moon in the neighborhood of Singleton is a curions reminder in its own way. The ghost in this case would seem to bare been duly provided wify Ms own light, and from some other particulars given ie evidently a kind of an- Australian will-o'-the-wisp— a frolic spirit rather than a malignant one. ?- The directors of the Independent: Order of Oddfellows, Manchester, have recom mended the establishment of female lodges under the order. This at brie time would, nave .been thought an. Vodd' procedure in deed. Now it is simply pile, of the many illustrations of the fact the woman of the period, in ber determination to get perfectly even with the men, is certainly getting a pretty lair show from the 'fel- j'lbws' all round. i ' ^ — ? The Sultan of Jbnore, whose death in a London hotel has just been reported, is. It will be remembered, that Eastern poten tate who, durlng- a former visit to Eng land, made love to an' English maid (Miss Mighel), whom be met fcy the sad sea wave at Brighton, and who. afterwards sued him for, breach of promise. During these idyllic episodes the illustrious stran ger from the East, somewhat after the fashion of the Caliph, JHaroun Axaschid— a globe-trotting, up-to-date' sort of Ha roun Alraschid — was going round as a private person. His Eastern style and title had been dropped for the common place, but distinctively British one, of Al bert Baker. However, even as Psyche in the classic legend discovered that her myste rious lover was no less than the god Cupid himself, so did the tender curiosity of the fair Mips Mighel find out the se cret of the pretended Albert Baker. As to the idea of making her his wife, he apparently might have echoed the senti ments of the hero of the music hall song whose name he had so nearly borrowed — It won't suit Charley Baker, It's not good enough for me. Miss Migheli as will not have been for gotten, had not only the melancholy ex perience of being jilted by the Sultan of Johore, but the probably still more trying one of losing her case. It was set aside on the grounds that the court had no jurisdiction over one who was an. inde pendent sovereign in his own country. 