miNGS j Revision Court yesterday. A big day's business. Objections galore. Mr MacHugh, M.A., Q C a.,ti Local Government Act, 1890 who'h' °f ^ ing a holiday iu the district severa! applicants and objectors „ * Revision Court yesterday ttle Work resumed it Pride and Tuesday. Mr W. Hoskings, late of Ballarar been appointed manager. - Yackandandah storekeepers an bargains in our advertising columns 113 * Shire tenders advertised elsewhere Messrs Moore and Winter will f, i, clearing sale at Upper Iniliga on '2 ? 1 next. Tenders are invited returnable at 8 n cn Wednesday next for tlie erection , Sale Room. Apply Moore and \Vinte°r a Messrs Moore and Winter had m ceptionally good sale at Beechworth t day Some .f Kr T. &ym;„ur's brought £7 -3d per head. A remarkable feature in the Ken- * , Wales elections, is the fact that George Dibbs and Sir Henry Park« .''lr defeated. ' Vere A public meeting is to be held at Wv worth this evening for The purpose of feT ing a relief fund. Yackandandali stock market to-moir-m* . 9'^ ^artiV'- of El D.irado Park has decided to offer himself as a for The ChUtern Shire Council i ^ldate Mr Hall, dentist, will pay his nevt v,- ' to Yackandandah, on 21st- August. A man named Mashitor, who wac fn j dead in a tank near Oakleigh, on ,Sun!f last, left a statement of liis iran^H. with David Henry, money lender. shoJn! that for £105 he had borrowed, he bad W' charged no less than £442 1 2s 6d Henry also claimed the balance of estate, valued at £1400. ' s The Harrietville people are kiekin * Ur nice row over the train alterations at BriJu The new arrangements would mean oi;fv I t-ri- weekly mail service for Harrietville » ' this was strongly protested agaiim ' M The Shire of Rosedale is in the game gr that the Yackandandah Shire Council r - in. The shire has an overdraft at rhe Bint of Australasia of £1867, and the bank fused to pay last meeting's cheques amo^r ing to £S3o, unless the councillors signed a joint and several. This was ohjecrevi to The bank inspector was wired to. but a reply came back that the circumstances must be placed before them iu writing. The Queensland Government has offered a reward of £2000 for information that will lead to the conviction of the person or per sons who poisoned the Bowna DoViu shearers. Two men and a woman broke into tht house of Mr Livingstone, of Xorth Rich mond, earlvon Wednesday morning, but on his presenting his revolver thev hurriedly decamped after having ransacked the place, but nothing was missing. The trial was concluded at York. Eng land, on Wednesday, of the man Hudson, who was charged with the murder of his wife and infant child. About the middle of last month Hudson took his wife and ba!-e out for a drive on the moors. He returned without them, aud gave varying account* of where they were. To some he said that Mrs Hudson and the baby had gone on a visit and would soon return ; to others he de clared that his wife had eloped with another m«n and taken the child with her. Ultima tely the police became suspicious, a search was made, and the worst fears realised The bodies of Mrs Hudson and the baby were found buried in some shallows. Gashes in the throats of the corpses showed that mother and child had been cruelly mu-dere ?. The accused was sentenced to death. The death is announced of ex-Con-ab!? John Henry Miles, formerly of Beechworth and Barnawartha: It may be interesting to racine people know that Jo, by Glenmarkie. ha? duniu his career on the turf won more races thai: any other horses engaged in either the Mel bourne or Caulfield Cup, 24 wins bein.- his record. The jury in the Hilaria fire iaquest 011 Wednesday morning returned a verdict to the effect that the vessel had been wil fully set on fire on both occasions by Mark Lindsay, second mate, and Ed ward Benson, watchman. The two men were at once arrested on a charge of arson. At the Tamworth Quarter Sessios? Samuel and William Cook, father and sou, who pleaded guilty to sheep-steaha?, were released under the First 0 ticnier* Act, as it was shown they were virtually starving when they took the sheep. In England, Major-Genera! Eraser's wife had a remarkable escape trom death. She was crossing- the railway line, and when a train travelling at good speed rushed along she became confused ani stepped into its track. The railway officials shouted to her to lie down, whieti she did, just as the train reached her. When about half its length had passed over her it pulled up, and it was iouad that although unconscious she had escaped entirely uninjured. Mrs Honora Shelly, of the Crambourne Hotel, Koetong, was fined L2. with L3 5s costs, during the week at Tallangatta, for a breach of tbe Trades Marks Statute. A sensational episode happened about midnight at the skating rink at Bendigo on Wednesday, where a fancy dress carni j val was being held. Mrs Mackay. ot au employe at Reidle's furniture ware house, was attired in a costume elaborately trimmed with wadding to represent ' Snow.' As she was leaving the ball her dress suddenly burst into flames, caused either by her standing on a match, or by 4 spark from the pipe of a smoker. Sms* bystanders extinguished tbe fire with some difficulty, but not before Mrs Mackay w&s; very severely burnt about the upper por tion of her body. A young woman uo med Adeline Glendou, aged 21 years, deliberate') stood before an advancing train at the Kilmore railway station °° j the 17th inst., and was killed. ^ letter to her mother was after vrai s I found on the line, stating tliat de ceased was sick and tired of lie'' e' Mr T. P. Manifold met with injuries in the hunting a Melton last Friday and at an 1'(lnefa on the remains, held on Saturday, verdict of accidental death k returned. j The Brunswick ' ghost ' appea„ to a boy at Collingwood on nighty and almost paralysed hJia ^ fright. The lad, who was ' from night school, had to he & home by a constable. ; 'William Hopkins, the ®an was shot in the leg by Consul Satchewell, during a disturbanc navvies, near Bendigo, a'°B, months ago, died in the e hospital last Monday. The two rescue parties in -ne ?relief' drives at the Eldorado^ aire driving at a phen omena^ 24 do:ng nearly as much wor*_ _v hours as is nsal^ly done in a 