' GHOSTS IN GRAY'S INN." " Lloyd's Weekly." A sarcastic gentleman writes that cer tain of the inhabitants of Field Court, Gray's Inn, have been the victims of a heartless jest, perpetrated in or about the year 1605. There is nothing in or about the; court itself suggestive of practical joldng, or the humor of any age. Some weeks ago strange pranks began to be played in certain houses of the court—it wa6 when workmen commenced to busy themselves with the wall of an old house adjoining in the llents. Lately the stillness of the night has been broken by weird sounds—groanings, and the straining of timber and the moving of heavy weights. Then ull the clocks stopped in every room, whether occupied or empty ; not altogether, but with a few minutes' interval between some, as if a ghostly hand had touched each pendulum in turn. Doors flew open, almost without sound, to admit—nothing, and refused to close; while one night, in the small hours, came such a loud report through the still house as brought every soul from bed. -It was a week after this that a tenant was confronted one morning by a small and early Cinderella, located in an attic, who, having retired to rest on one sido of the room, awoke next morning in the opposite corner—the bed having, as she averred, travelled the entire distance in a single night—and who now pro posed leaving' that very minute in consequence. The matter began to be serious, the Lea had plainly moved, and no light allusions to the "Transit of Venus "and other irreverent talk would allay queer fancies about such a house,. . "When, two nights after, a certain glass cupboard full of china (including, alas! some priceless Sevres) fell to the floor with a resounding crash, even theso ceased to be heard. Then a hoarthstono in one of the oldest rooms sank halfway through the floor in a single night. There was a bed iu the room below, directly under the place where the subsidence happened, the occupant of which became seriously alarmed. Now, as has been said, this mischief is all proved to be the outcome of tbc mechanical humor of certain lawyers in the time of the Stuarts. The method of it, as explained by an expert, is agreeably simple. The houses were built in such a way that the displacement of a wall (which had apparently nothing to do with the structure) loosened some under-pinning and set them askew from floor to coiling. As in most buildings so old, the floors were already a little "out .of plumb," and the increase being tho same on each storey, mane this difficnlt of detection. In this way a joist had slipped from its support, thus causing the report and the after subsidence of the stone. The moving furniture and other disasters are explained by the shifting floors. All the timbers hevo been loosened by the deflection, so that Field Court is doomed. While the wall stood the houses were as firm as if built yesterday. With out it they are dangerous shells, which | have now been emptied of tenants and condemned, and are to be "wrecked" forthwith. 