Serial Storf. « TESS." PHASE THE CHAPTER THIRD. XXI. (BY SPECIAL PERMISSION.) The deeper-passioned Tess was very far from sleeping even then. This conversation was another of the bitter pills she had been obliged to swallow that day. Scarce the least feeling of jealously arose in her breast. For that matter she knew herself to have the preference. Being more finely formed, better educated, and, though the youngest except Hetty, more woman than either, she perceived that only the slightest care was necessary for holding her own in Angel Clare's heart against these her candid friends. But the grave question was, ought she to do this ? There was, to be sure, hardly a ghost of a chance for either of them, in a serious sense ; but there was, or had been, a chance of one or the other inspiring him with a passing fancy for her, and enjoying the pleasure of his attentions while he stayed here. Such unequal attachments had led to marriage ; and she had heard from Mrs. Crick that Mr. Clare had one day asked, in a laughing way, what would be the use of his marrying a fine lady, and all the while ten thousand acres of Colonial pasture to feed, and cattle to rear, and corn to reap. A farm-woman would be the only sensible kind of wife for him. But whether Mr. Clare had spoken seriously or not, why should she, who could never conscientiously allow any man to marry her now, and who had religiously determined that she never would be tempted to do so, draw off Mr. Clare's attention from other women, for the brief happiness of sunning herself in his eyes while he retrained at Talbothâys ? CHAPTER XXII. They came downstairs yawning next morning ; hut skimming and milking was proceeded with as usual, and they went indoors to breakfast. Dairyman Crick was discovered stamping about the house. He had received a letter, in which a customer had complained that the butter had a twang, ' And begad, so't have ! ' said the dairyman, who held in his left hand a wooden slice on which a lump of butter was stuck. 4 Yes—-taste for yourself ! ' Several of them gathered round him ; and Mr.-Clare tasted, Tess tasted, also the other indoor milkmaids, one or two of the milkingmen, and last of all Mrs. Crick, who came out from the waiting breakfast-table. There certainly was a twang. The dairyman who had thrown himself into abstraction to better realize the taste, and so divine the particular species of noxious weed to which it appertained, suddenly exclaimed— c 'Tis garlic ! and I thought there wasn't a blade left in that mead ! ' Then all the old hands remembered that a certain dry mead, into which a few of the cows had been admitted of late, had, in years gone by, spoilt the butter in the same way. The dairyman had not recognized the taste at that time, and thought the butter bewitched. 'We must overhaul that mead,' he resumed ; 4 this mustn't continny ! ' All having armed themselves with old pointed knives they went out together. As the inimical plant could only be present in very microscopic dimensions to have escaped ordinary observation, to find it seemed rather a hopeless aitempt in the stretch of rich grass before them. However, they formed themselves into line, all assisting, owing to the importance of the search ; the dairyman at the upper end with Mr. Clare, who had voluuteered to help ; then Tess, Marian, Izz Huelt, and Iteùy ; then "Bill Xewell, Jonathan, and the married dairyvvomen—Beck Ktiibbs, with her woolty black hair and rolling eyes, and flaxeu Frances, consumptive from the winter damps of the water-meads—who lived in their respective cottages. With eyes fixed upon the ground they crept ;slo\v]y across a strip of the field, returning a little further down in such a manner that, when they should have finished, not a single inch of the pasture but woiild have fallen under the eye of some one of them. It was a most tedious business, not more than half a dozen shoots of garlic being discoverable in the whole field ; yet such was the herb's pungency that probably one bite of it by one cow had been sufficient to season the whole dairy's produce for the day. Differing 011e from another in natures and moods so greatly as they did, they yet formed, bending, a curiously uniform row—automatic, noiseless ; and an alien observer passing down the neighbouring lane might well have been excused for massing them as 4 Hodge.' As they crept along, stooping low to discern the plant, a soft yellow gleam was reflected from the buttercups into their shaded faces, giving them an elfish, moonlit aspect, though the sun was pouring upon their tacks in all the strength of noon. Angel Clare, who communistically stuck to his rule of taking part with the rest in everything, glanced up now and then. It was not, of course, by accident that he walked next to Tess. ' Well, how are you ? ' he murmured. 4 Very well, thank you, sir,' she replied demurely. As they had been discussing a score of personal matters only half-an-hour before, the introductory style seemed a little superfluous. But they got no further in speech just then. They crept and crept, the hem of her petticoat just touching his gaiter, and his elbow sometimes brushing hers. At last the dairyman, who came next, could stand it no longer. 4 Upon my soul and bod}', this here stooping do fairly make my back open and shut ! ' he exclaimed, straightening himself slowly with an excruciated look till quite upright. 4 And you, Maidy Tess. you wasn't well a day or two ago—this will make your head ache finely ! Don't do any more, if you feel fainty ; leave the rest to finish it.' Dairyman Crick then withdrew, and Tess dropped behind. Mr. Clare also stepped out of line, and began privateering about for the weed. When she found him near her, her very tension at what she had heard the night before made her the first to speak. 4 Don't they look pretty ? ' she said. 4 Who?' 4 Izzy Huett and .Retty.' Tess had moodily decided that either of these maidens would make a good farmer's wife, and that she ought to recommend them, and obscure her own wretched charms. 1 Pretty ? Well, yes—they are pretty girls —fresh-looking. I have often thought so.' 4 Though, poor dears, prettiness won't last long!' 4 0 no, unfortunately.' 4 They be excellent dairywomen.' 'Yes; though not better than you.' 4 They-skim better-than-1.' 4 Do they ? ' Clare remained observing them—not without their observing him. Folding's Perfumes 4 She is colouring up,' continued Tess heriocally. 'Who?' 'Retty Pripdle.' 4 Oh ! Why is that ? ' ' Because you are looking at her,' Self-sacrificing as her mood might be Tess could not go further and cry, * Marry one of them, if you really do want a dairywoman and not a lady ; and don't think of marrying me ! ' She followed Dairyman Crick, and had the mournful satisfaction of seeing that Clare remained behind. From this day she forced herself to take pains to avoid him—never allowing herself, as formerly, to remain long in his company, even if their juxtaposition were purely accidental. She gave the other three every chance. Tess was woman enough to realise from their avowals to herself that Angel Clare had the honour of all the dairymaids in his keeping, and her perception of his care to avoid compromising the happiness of either in the least degree bred a tender respect in Tess for what she deemed, rightly or wrongly, the selfcontrolling sense of duty shown by liim, a quality which she had never expected to find in one of the opposite sex, and in the absence of which more than one of the simple hearts who were his housemates might have gone weeping on her pilgrimage. CHAPTER XXIII. The hot weather of July had crept upon them unawares, and the atmosphere of the fiat vale hung heavy as an opiate over the dairy-folk, the cows, and the trees. Hot steaming rains fell frequently, making the grass where the rows fed yet more rank, and hindering the late h^yniaking in the other méàcis. 1 ' It was Sunday morning ; the milking was done ; the outdoor milkers had gone home. Tess and the other three were dressing themselves rapidly, the whole bevy having , agreed to go together to Mellstock Church, which lay some three or four miles distant from the dairy-house. She had now been two months at Talbpthays, and this was her first excursion. , - All the preceding afternoon and night heavy thunderstorms' had hissed down upon the meads, and washed some of the hay into the river; but this morning the sun shone out all the more brilliantly for the deluge, and the air was balmy and clear. The crooked lane leading from their own parish to Mellstock ran along the lowest levels in a portion of its length, and when the girls reached the most depressed spot they found that thé result of the rain had been to flood the lane over-shoe to a distance of some fifty yards. This would have been no serious hindrance on a week-day ; they would have clicked through it in their high pattens and boots quite unconcerned ; but on this day of vanity, this Sun's-day, when flesh went forth to coquet witn flesh while hypocritically affecting business with spiritual things ; on this occasion for wearing their white stockings and thin shoes, and their pink, white, and lilac gowns, on which every mud spot would be visible, the pool was an awkward impediment. They could hear the church-bell calling—as yet nearly a mile off. 'Who would have expected such a rise in the river in summer-time ! ' said Marian, from the top of the roadside bank on which they had climed.and were maintaining a precarious footing in the hope of creeping along its slope till they were past the pool. ' We can't get there anyhow, without walking right through it, or else going round Stone Bridge way ; and that would make us so very late ! ' said Retty, pausing hopelessly. ' And I do colour up so hot, walking into church late, and all the people staring round,' said Marian, 'that I hardly cool down again till we get into the That-it-may-please-Thees.' While they stood clinging to the bank they heard a splashing round the bend of the road, and presently appeared Angel Clare, advancing along the lane towards them through the water. Four hearts gave a big throb simultaneously. His aspect was probably as un-Sabbatarian a one as a dogmatic parson's son often presented ; his attire being his dairy clothes, long wading boots, a cabbage-leaf inside his hat to keep his head cool, with a thistle-spud to finish him off". ' He's not going to church,' said Marian.. * No—I wish he was ! ' murmured Tess. Angel, in fact, rightly or wrongly (to adopt the safe phrase of evasive controversialists), preferred sermons in stones to sermons in churches and chapels on fine summer days. This morning, moreover, he had gone out to see if the damage to the hay by the flood was considerable or not. On his walk he observed the girls from a long distance, though they had been so occupied with their difficulties of passage as not to notice him. He knew that the water had risen at that spot, and that it would quite check their progress. So he had hastened on, with a dim idea of how he could help them—one of them in particular. The rosy-cheeked, bright- eyed quartet looked so charming in their light summer attire, clinging to the roadside bank like pigeons on a roof-slope, that he stopped a. moment to regard them before coming close. Their gauzy skirts had brushed up from the grass innumerable flies and butterflies which, unable to escape, remained caged in the transparent tissue as in an aviary. Angel's eye at last fell upon Tess, the hindmost of the four ; she, being full of suppressed laughter at their dilemma, could not help meeting his glance radiantly. He came beneath them in the water, which did not rise over his long boots ; and stood looking at the entrapped flies and butterflies. i Are you trying to get to church ? ' he said to Marian, who was in front, including the next two in his remark, but avoiding Tess. * Yes, sir ; and 'tis getting late ; and my colour do come so ' 'I'll carry you through the pool—every Jill of you.' The whole four flushed as if one heart beat through them. * I think you can't, sir,' said Marian. ' It is the only way for you to get past. Stand still. Nonsense—you are not too heavy ! I'd carry you all four together. Now Marian, attend,' he continued, 'and put your arms round my shoulders, so. Now ! Hold on. That's well done.' Marian had lowered herself upon his arm and shoulder as directed, and Angel strode off with her, his slim figure, as viewed from behind, looking like the mere stem to the great nosegay suggested by hers. They disappeared round the curve of the road, and only his sousing footsteps and the top ribbon of Marian's bonnet told where they were. In a few minutes he reappeared. Izz Huett -was the next in order upon the bank. ' Here he comes,' she murmured, and they could hear that her lips were dry with emotion. ' And I have to put my arms round his neck and look into his face as Marian did.' 'There's nothing in that,' said Tess quickly. 'There's a time for eyeiything,' continued Izz, unheeding. ' A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing ; the first is now going to be mine.' (To be Continued.) ? 