Iromiiunt ®0flitsi, TTITT OKNUHAI. SLiuTioMii. .. .1-'--"""-"•• - - nig The filial return* ARE not yet to hand, but from the position of parties at present we out soo wlint. approximately will bo tho result lu Ireland. The PAruellltes arc likely to return with tholr head SR fttnall as it WAS AIM! their tail AS short, All told, they oftii hardly exceed nine, though turough soma atroko of extraordinary luok they may reach one more. Tho Unionist* having gained A Roat outside Ulster, thai will go against their loss of two in that province, and so tholr strength should bo S3, or At tho worst 28, At whtoh figure they stood after the election of 180S. The pros pool at present IR that tho Nationftllats will return in undlminished strength, and t.hnl, bearing in mind how ill- prepared they wore for the contest nnd that tholr efforts were hampered by oontraeted means, IR A signal proof of the soundness of the country on the national question, And of Its unabated confidence in the National Federation. Wo onnnot venture to predict what the filial result in Great Britain will be, but it Appear* to UR likely that the election* yet to oome off will slightly diininiRh the Unionist majority AR gi»en in the latest return. Tholr majority will possibly be double that which tho Liberals gained nt' the 18D2 election. That would bo About At best, politics DOOM mo are not N very "NMI'PITRV JOB.'* eleantrade. They are apt to demoralist? A good mnn, and to open to A bad man opportunities for knavery. Tltoir temptations are not confined to tho lobby or to the refreshment room, They nssnil the man of thwarted ambition in his study, and possibly at ilia prayers, but there is no traitor's autobiography in which we get a confession to that effect; and if Mr. Joseph Chamberlain should give the publio his life, after wary and fruitless efforts to win back the confidence of hie fellowcountrymen, the confession is not likely to be unreserved on that point Just now the " Argus" is engaged booming the new Secretary of State for the Colonies,but the flattery heaped upon him will do him more harm than good. On his behalf promises tho most generous are made, lie is to draw closer and strengthen tho silken bond which uuitea the colonies to tho mother country ; ho is to facilitate and enlarge the volume of trade between the daughter and parent states; he is to inspire Imperialists with still greater pride in their dominion and their destiny \ and many other things he is to do of whioh wo have got only a faint notion, as the imagination is loft to struggle with tho indefinite predictions that have been made on lbs subject. And the man to do all this is ono who has planned several great things, but has never yet done anything noteworthy; one who is beat known as a traitor who deserted his chief because he was not taken at his own valuation. Because he was not trusted by a great leader, who probably regarded him as untrustworthy, and was not petted, flattered, and extltad, lie broke his allegiance and went over to the enemy. And then he conveniently swallowed his renegade wht) fn ltt'' of Lords m 1< desertion «i the _ liberty, In a a j ^ at lkiii 18B6 Mr. Ohamberiain, advooatii\g u disestablishment, spoke of tlie uiulta, injurtos. and injuitioe inflloHd upon Wales, and, referring to the House of Lords, addM i— i K The cup was nearly full j the eureer of higWuttded wrong wu «omiug to an ena j we had been too long a peerridden AAA UM nun who after theae avowsls now reaitU diteaUblithment, and supports ih« BO«M of Lordi»isfc»ubieetof Towwbgiea, Un Ohkmberlain in office deaems a warn welcome, but not one of that ohfctMta* Mr. 11. 12. Champion iiioMR km) discovered « ?ery olose ASBKH. connection between these animals, luoh AR no one could have suspected, and lie Illustrated it by Raying that the men out during the great coal strike were an army of HOUR led by asses, tho headquarters of tho ARROR being the Trmles' Hall. We should be sorry to subscribe to that opinion, but it occurs to UR that it very aptly fits the relations in whioh Mr, Kelr llardie and his friends stand to tho working classes of Kngland. That, indeed, is a case in which strength is miadireoted Mid misapplied, with bad results for all concerned. It, IR not to any liberal mind welcome news that tho Labour party in the Imperial Parliament hai been almost extinguished at the polls, hut so it IR, The rejection of Mr, Tom Mnnn IIAR followed that of Mr. Kelr Hnrdle, and tho party has been deprived of the services of several f entlemen who repiVRented it in tho lest louse of OomuioiiBt AM for this disappointment «nd and, wxuttdUs Mr. Keir'l liis following are -to blaitMr. TlMsorry liguro t.liiv li«ve eut in ^mm^ their iiidcpendmrM tnust Ije a ^wwghable affair to tl^Tlnle^ bwtV^M Liberal party it is anything ImCa joke, lor it cost them several seats, and is ,rospon* sible for the rejeiHion of Mr, John Morley for Newoastle-on-Tyne. Hie Labour party let in the Conservative theve just as the WoelU lites let in A candidate of that iiue for the ISast Division of Wicklow. Treachery did the work of the enemy in each case, and in precisely the same way, and, when the full particulars of the contest in each of the three kingdoms are to hand, it will be found that the silly pretensions of so-called Independents haw nmeh reduced the totAl Liberal vote, have given ovtir several constituencies to the Tories, And in many oases have put Liberal or Home Rule candidates to needless expense. Unfortunately, the injury faction may do cannot be measured by its incompetency to achieve own tho smallest good in any direction. A tine ship riding gallantly at sea may bo sunk by au auger hole or even a rat hole, and the mischievous work of a Redmondite or of an English socialist leader may do great damngo to a good and prospering cause, The proof we haw had to that effect is only too con» vlnoing, though it may hereafter turn nut to have been a blessing in disguise. 12veu in this matter tho way of the cross may lead to light*, impressed with the unhappy oonseauenoes of division, dis> puting Nationalists may discover some common ground of agreement on whioh thev coulu onee again unite their forces and present an unbroken front to the enemy Knglish socialists, TMS IHISH VOTK and a few dia- AMU Tits affected Scotch and MCKIUI, I s AKTY, Welsh members of the Liberal party, desired that Mr, Gladstone, and subsequently Lord Uosebery, should put aside Home Rule, it not permanently at least for the present, and give first place and turominenoe to llriUih reform* of a radical character, They were themselves weary of the u Irian ere," and of the pmisteney of the Irish member*, ana in their view of the ease the Liberal party generally had become tick of the Irish question, and desired some relief from it Some of these ingrates anticipated that a general eleotion would give the Liberal party A large majority, auoh ai would nwler thm\ inaetxmdent of the Irish veto. Others of tiietu Imllev^d that Irishmen could be either coaxed or bullied into aeouiesoenoe witli their JVKMOMI It U to the credit of Lord Itosebery and his colleagues that they misted tMfNMwre brought to bear upon Uietu in the matter, and kept tilth with their Irish allies. It U now well t\w the Liberal t>ariy tliat they did so, fvw what wouM be nowifthe,v hid not done sot tiven w asa to An overwhelwing INiry majority oouH not make without the tmh men at its back, If the Libenl IR to be saved from beoouil .Ittle better than a shadow of what 1 WAS, there ere none to help it at the present juncture but the Irishmen, The utter Impotence of the socialist leaders to make any impression on the'House of Commons, oonstitutod AR it will be after tho elections, contrasts strikingly with tho atr of boastful independence they aRRUtned only a few months past. Remarkable as their swagger was then, the pitifully weak eondltlon in which they are now placed is still more remarkable. Relieved from the distractions of public life nnd its affairs, some of them will now have leisure for contemplation, which will, we hope, open their eyes to the dependence of the Liberal party on the Irish vote, at least for the present. Most of the canards MANI.Y insulting to the (la- HKHKNTMKNY, tholic (Ihuroh, its priesthood, and its members generally, which are Hashed from London to this colony are oirou> lated on the authority of the st Daily tllirniilole," They originate for the ino*t part in Masonic and revolutionary Continental journals, which venture to invent them again,4 the remote chance of their being culled to account for the libels, We have already pointed out the source from whioh the protectionist journal usually gets those piquant, but generally nasty, stories about Catholics, which it does not hesitate to circulate when there is no reason why it should not offend Qntholiu voters. The reputation «f the " Daily Ohroniule," that impure fount from which the " Ago " nt its own time derives implies, lias now become so hostile and so unfair to Catholics in England as to provoke their resentment, And in one instance at least their resentment has taken a form from whioh their brethren at a distance might under similar oircumstances, take a useful lesson, l<\>r instance, at a meeting of Sil vert own Catholics it was resolved that the M Daily Chronicle " was a 11 paper unfit for Catholic homes." Fr, Ring presided At this meeting, and, in putting the resolution, said that 11 we could not ask n magistrate to protect us from offensive impertinence such as the 'Chronicle' thinks it »good business* to show towards the divinely constituted teachers of 850 millions of the human race, but we ourselves can punish it, and make its ' business* a losing game. If, far instance, 1000 Catholics who pay their daily penny for the ' Chronicle * will stop that practice for n year we shall do a little to Avenge this insult, and 1, for one, will do a prieaOa part to exclude that pa|ier from some Catholiu homes,'* There WAS the ring of the right metal in this advice i it was practical and to the purpose, Dy a certain elais of journals their creed, their clergy, and their religion will be defamed BO long as Catholics tamely submit to ! he insult, and it is a reflection on thw U do so, A ren.moAi. Bir Henry Parkes has, as a politician, sustained a deathstroke at the hands of the elector* of the King division of Sydney, and the cruel blow has been delivered at the instance of an opponent whom he pretended to regara with the utmost oontempt In the veteran^ opinion. IVmier lUid was not a man whose opposition the weakest candidates with a shred of character left, should fear, for the Premier had none left. Floods of ob- jurgation were consequently poured upon him by Sir Henry, He was truculently treated, and he truculently resented the treatment. He made a most successful effort to rival his opponent in bitter aareaim and pungent pemnal abuse such as has happily \mm very uncommon in elector*! «cmto»te since the franchise was lowered and the mannew of the elasiee beeame tempered by that wugh sense ©t and fair play whleh •otartf able wv>rki^ »» date* have neeeuarily e»twn from the tn public But M Sir tt« r Kd alwady been irretrimbly eom^ii P I M M damaged, tho eltatort preferred the candidate who had still some cl\\*r> actor to . lose, having never before done anything to < damage hts reputation, They returned Mr. Held by A majority of 010 to 478, and thai gave • death-blow, in a political genie, to the arch schemer and trimmer who opposed him, From that, however, we do not conclude tlwt the juggler who railed the Klama ghost will not reappear once more on the political scene, HQ appears to have as many lives ai a eat, and as a publio man he has not yet died nine times, We shall look for hii resurrection t but as to the shape lie will next assume, that is a ouoRtion on which we shall not rashly venture an opinion, It is only eertaiu that it muRt ho a reversion to some form whioh is already familiar to Australians, for in his changes he has boxed the political compass, and left himself no room for playing A new part or A new game, When Alluding lately TUB IIOMN OK to the spurious charsuoDnv, aoter of certain exhibits in flannels, tweeds, boots and shoes, with whioh boasting Protectionists were confronted in the Legislative Assembly, we remarked that in the matter of adulteration Victorian manufactures ranked with those of Oreat Rritain, The Protectionist organ does not take that view of the case, and from a sense of loyalty to its cause disputes the assertion, It does not deny that a mixture of cotton and wool was found in Castlemaine flannels that were supposed to he all wool! that shoddy has Wen detected in Victorian tweeds, or that cardboard lay deftly hidden in Collingwood boots ; but it insists that, wrong as all this may be, matters are much worse in Kugland. The feeling of resentment at recent exposures is wry strong in ouv contemporary, and ilnds relief in tin attack on the Flinders-lane importing houses, excepting, of course, the firm largely interested in the Denton Hat Mills, and whioh, having tasted of the sweets «f Protection, has forsworn the rival creed—at least so far as hat making goes, And that concession has purchased grace for it at the Colling- wood shrine which the monopolists enrich, To hit at the importing tirms it was necessary to strike at the mother country, and even to that most unnatural outrage our contemporary descended in it* anger, As a shocking example of filial ingratitude we give what was said :— Least of all can it ever lie in the mouths of foreign trade advocates to condemn colonial workmanship on the score of adulteration, Ona of tho original reasons for the demand for proteotive duties on low priced goods was to guard the oolonial oonsumer against the worth- 1MS trash whioh imnorhrs poured upon the defrauded colonial consumer. Kng> land, the home of frMtrade, is the fountain head^of w&nttemgon.; There is no country,hf thh wow wiwieh trade dishonMt/ ha« hern so and perfected; foto & eyttam hole •artli hailbMtk made the du m& of fingUitMMe ftaud* o idle statement, Xtt^i^ the letea> timony of Engli»hmen,j for the viUanfea perpetrated in the nam* of Itngltsh trade. Kogltih army emitraeton have «mt tent <4 thousand! ol bravo follow* to battle to eoatt that fell to pieeea in the first week of woar, in boots that dropped off their (sot In the first march, with bayonets that doubted up to tho flret onset and with guns that wtro only dattgeroui to thOM w>ho fired tham, Herbert 8i>enew deolam hii deliberate opinion that KoglUh trade "U ewentiallv eomint" B« say* thit (ewmeneaix live and thrive In it with* out eonforming to its dishonest cede, The law, he sayt," of our trading community , , , ii^eheattobeeheatsdl.' K mtem of kean eomneUtien, earried on m it is, without nmM mtroiut. to vew mueh a ay^am of mmwlil ewm* balism, , - , There are but two eoureea-ehher to the |W*etie«» ef their competitor* or to give up buiiasw, *»HL H U M .IMNWNM, » I » •eruHtthudv honeit km must go to v the A fi M«MI out to ill th» reporti of iJl thetooutriea iMtitutod>to trodepraetioM, Two hunirod yoftxe btve IHI^imi hU MltM W« AU|IPA*E IT LI NIL TVTTN. BUT WHAT, IT IT BE, AFT WA TO THINK OF THOJTORTRALT OF " LIONOTT JOHN HULL" AND OF THO OLIAR- MTER FUR EXEMPLARY OOINUIQRAIAL INTEG- RITY WLIIOH HO HAA JTIVEIT LIINTNOLF? IT HE FLOODINGTLW MARKETS OF TLIO WORLD WITH FRAUDULENT WARAI WITHOUT DAMAGE TO HTS REPUTATION, OR NITI THO PRINCIPLES ON WHLOLI LILI REPUTATION HAA BOON BUILT UP OF HI* OWN MAKING END OF A PATTERN TO BOIT CULT HI* OWN INTERCUT*} NOT UNLIKELY, FOR HO IT RATLMR GIVEN TO THAT PORT OF THING, NND ALAO TO GIVING CHARACTERS TO OTHER NATLONI WHLOLI FOIL OF RECOGNITION AA OOMPLOT«L*'« THAT WHICH IIO GIVOI LTLI(U»LF. ANN YET, TOJJJRTKT LOOK ON ITII BROAD, O|«IIT, AND-. W*NLV EOUNTEUANOH ! BOU!4 TFAUBT.LJUT HQBFCA).Y / IT IN FREE FAWTHE WRINKLES OF UUUY^ITOO A» OF CARE,NTUL THIFC. IS NNJ JMTFWE HO LIVOH WELL, AND 1* ILIMJIWIM HAWAII AS MRSO PROUD, TORTA H» NOT AT NOTORIOUS (OR HIS LOW OF THO OPON LIIBLN AS THE DEAR OLD GENTLEMAN IN FOR PRACTISING THO LYATOIN OF U OOMINORDNL OANNUMLLAM" TO THO HIGHEST PERFOOTIOII, AS, FOR IN- ITANOE, WHEN HO PNLMOD OLV WORTHLOHH BAYONETS, CLOTHES, AND BOOTI ON HIA OWN LOLDIERA. ^ — 