MRS. TREGASKISS. A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. ALL RIQUTS RESERVED.! CnAPTiiit iil— unmatbd. While Dr. Gcnosto w»« making IiU moonlight journey, Glare Tregnskis lay within the mosquito ourtninu cn on. of til. two beda in bor room, her baby by iicr aide. The other bed wna atill vacant awaiting her husband. Ming was Bleep ing on tho Bofn in the aittingroom. an imnro- vised mosquito ourtain protecting her faoo and oheat in, it aoemed, but an ineffectual man ner, for she stirred and muttered and flung her little arms out from under tho sheets in a rest less slumber. The door between tho two rooms stood open, and the lamp, turned down, cast a blurred glow and gave out a disagreeable smell of bad kerosene. Tho air in the room was dry and scorching, the zinc roof throwing down heat as though it had been tho top of an oven. There were neither shutters nor curtains to the window, and tho moon shining through tho thin white calico blind gave the; effect of an opaque illuminated oblong. Myriads of insects wore astir — mosquitoes, cockchafers, moths, flying ants and beetles— all kinds of winged uncanny tilings, circling round towards the lighted doorway nnd filling the place with a low roar, which was a sort of accompaniment to the noise of tho township, tho oath of bullock drivers "wetting tho .wool" after their unloadings, the olick of billiard balls, the loud obaff of bushmen and diggers in the hotel verandahs and the sound of the bells hung round tho . necks of bullocks and horses that were going out to grass. Aa the evening wore on, and the men took in more and more liquor, the oaths and ribald language, distinctly audible through the zino partitions, beeame unpleasant hearing for the cars of a refined woman. Clare had tried in vain to osoape from tbe.brutnl sounds, had shut the window to find that this made little difference, and that it was impossible to endure the stifling beat. Sho was not so horrified at the bad language as might have been many a woman. Sho accepted it, as she accepted other disagree able conditions of bor life and surroundings, with a certain lofty tolerance, mingled with stoical resignation. She took refuge in imagina tion after a fashion of her own, and now deafened herself to what sho did not wish to hear by re calling the swing and beat of some orohestral measure, or by n mental phonograpkio process reconstructed in fancy tho swelling rhythmic measures she had heard at a Wagner recital. She was not musical in the technical sense. She could not sing a note, and even had bIio possessed a piano at Mount Wombo her performance would have been poor. But sho had an almost passionate love for deep sounding complex harmonies. Organ vlhrations stirred her nerves as did nothing else, and of nil tlio pleasures of her old London life music, whioh she had onco thought would be dispensed with most easily, was that for whioh she now had tho strongest craving. But tire effort of momory grow irksome ; the unreal sounds died away and her mind came back to the present. She looked down upon her baby. 1'nar little thing ! She was fond of it, of course ; but why was she not as fond of it as some mothers were of their offspring V Why did it seem to her only n cruelty that it should have been born into a crude, harsh, unsympathetic world, insufficiently equipped for the moral struggle by bene ficent hereditary influences ? Why should she, who felt herself unfitted by temperament for the burdon of such a responsibility, nnd who had a weary distaste for the whole business of multiplying her kind, and could see no useful ness in it, have been ohosen as tho producer of this new atom to swell the generallyiunsatisfac- tery human aggregate ? The two Papaw apple trees growing in front of the hotel, imaged on tho blind, caught her oye. They had straight spear-llko stems and crowns of spiky leaves, whioh, as a faint wind stirred them, made weird shadows. One was a male plant, the other a femalo. Sho could tell this by the outlines of feathery flowers banging bolow the leafy plume of one and the grotesquo shapes of pendant pumpkin like fruit on the other. Was there no esoape even in vegetable life from the bewildering sex problem ? Sho was thinking these thoughts when the clatter of .buegy wheels and dull thud of the unBbod hoofs of paok horses sounded up the street, and then stopped. in front of the hotel. Presontly she heard the voice of her children's father in answer to a shout from one of the bush- men in the inn verandah. " Hullo, Tregaskiss ! Those horses of yours look pretty well knocked up." " Yes, confound them 1 " Tregaskiss had a full, rather loud voice, with the rise and fall of intonation common to Australians, and an im perious ring in its notes which, according to occasion, might take tbe form either of boister ous cordiality or of ill-temper. " Had the deuoe of a business," he went on. "The brutes bolted last night from the Grave— half way to Brinda Plains. It's all that damned Brinda breed ; they have a trick of making back. But these are slashing marcs all tho uame, as you can see by daylight. I wouldn't wish for better goers. They'd pull a buggy out of anything. " Clare winced at the explotive. She bad risen when the buggy stopped, and now sat, a ghostly form wrapped in a light dressing gown, at tho aide of the bed. She had not minded the "swearwords," as Ning called them, when the bullock drivers had used them, but she did not liko them in her husband's moutb. Tregaskiss exclaimed, in the tono of irate superiority with which white men often address thoir black servitors, " Look out there, Tony, George, you infernal idiot ; haven't you yet learned how to unstrap a pack. Oh, good even ing, Mrs. Rulfey. Send some one round, will you, if they're not all in bed or drunk. Has Mrs. Tregaskiss come ? " "She's upstairs," announced the landlady. "As for my men being drunk, Mr. Tregaskiss, they keep that for off Sundays. You'll spell the horse a day, I suppose ? " "Not I. Wo clear out to-morrow, and serve the mares right for sweating themselves on the bolt. Let's havo a light, Mrs. Ruffey, and show me tho way up. Ob, look here, you may bring me a nip beforo I go upstairs." After a few minutes his heavy step shook the oreaky wooden stair and zino walls. Mrs. Ruffey had not thought it necessary to ascend. Tre- gaskis shouted down to her. " That's all right I know where I am. Tbe blaok boy oan bring up my swag. Let mo have something to eat, will you ? and you may as well ssnd me a bottle of whisky and some cool water if you've got any." He pushed opon tho door of the aittingroom, and turned up the smoking lamp. "Phew 1 By Jove it's hot and beastly smelling." He flung wide tho riokety Frenoli windows, whioh led out on a narrow balcony. " Where are you Clara? Oh, here's the Picaninny !" Ning, whose pet name for Thyra was a cor ruption, graduating as " Ningie,"of her father's title for bor — "The Pioaninny" — had beon roused by tho noise and tho flood of light, nnd now started from her sofa bod veiled in mos quito netting, which she tore off in a bewildered haste— an elfish oreature, with tangled hair and wide, suddenly awakened oyes. " Daddy 1 " " Yea, you brat. Give us a hug, Pickaninny. Did I Bears you ? Been dreaming, oh ? " " Mine been dream about Debll-debil," said Ning, solemnly, relapsing into her blocks' ver- naoular. " Mine think it Debil-dobil get inside me and take me orer tbe paddook fenee into his big firs. But the firo want out, and God came and nsked mo if I was a good girl ; and then God took mo back to mummy." Tregaskiss laughed loudly. "That was a good job, wasn't it 1 Wo don't all get out ef Debll-debil's clutches so easily. But then wo ain't all good little girls. Ob, you're a Pick aninny yet, you are. Daddy's Piokaninny 1 Come. There now. A right down good old hug." He caught tho child in his arms, mosquito netting and bod clothes trailing behind her, and smothered lior with loud sounding kisses. " Where's your mummy ? " " I'm hero, Keith.' , Clare stood in the doorway. He took up- the lamp, still holding the ohild, and looked at his wife. " Good Lord, Clara 1 Poor old girl ? You do look like a ghost. Knocked up, eh ? " " Yes, rather. We starled at 4 o'clock this morning. It's a dreadfully long, slow journey, stopping at all tbo little rosdsido stations. I'm really glad the railway doesn't go any furthor. I'd much rather travel in the buggy and oamp out." "Well, you'll havo two nights of that, and I was thinking wo might spell a dny at Brinda Plains. Ths Grippcr hap beon behaving a little more docontly lately. , I helped him with his muster, and I rather want to talk to him about wire fencing the boundary. " " Oh 1 How have things been getting on, Keith, on the station?" " As bad as oan be. No sign of the drought breaking up, and cattle dying everywhere. There was tha dovil of a moss driving down tha Inst mob of fats, and a bad sale at tho end. Hardly enough to cover droving expenses. I was a fool to agrao to Gryoe's terms. I told you so at tho time, . you remember, and yon' Advised me to no- oept ; £100 down on taking delivery and £50 a month for droving. It was exorbitant, but you misled me by telling me that was what old Cyrus Chanoa paid. I knew what a nipper lie is, and that he'd bo hound to give tho lowest price. It was all an infernal ooncoctlon of Cnsock's new chums. The Gripper put them up to getting a rise out of mo. " " Oh, I'm' sorry. But it wasn't from tho Cusaoks that , I heard. . Mr. Chance's store keeper told mo those were the torms." "Well, it was a lie. Cyrus Chance never paid anything like that. You must havo mud dled up figures. Women nlways do. I mustn't dopend on yours for tho . future. But never mind, old girl. It's a good tiling to havo you home. Are you glad to get hack to your old hubby." "I'm— very glad, Keith. Very glad, of course, to see yon again." "Aiidsoam I to see you, old dear ! " He put the lamp on the table, and still holding Ning, whoso head had dropped sleepily on his shoulder, went up to bis wife and affectionately kissed lior. " And the Pickaninny, too. Good little .Kiddie I declare I think I've missed her almost as much as I've missed you. By Jove the -place has seemed a desert without you both." " There's a new pickaninny now, Keith." "By Jove, so there is. I had forgotten the little shaver for the moment Let's sco him, Clare. No, it's a second .SVtc, isn't it? I rather wish it had been a boy now, since the two other poor littlo chaps came to nothing, Clare led tho way into the bedroom where the baby Iny, its little rod face nestling into the pillow. Tregaskiss contemplated the crea ture with an amused interest, muoli as ho might linve contemplated a new born puppy. "Not a bad little ouss. I suppose it will get whiter in time. Looks rather like a blob of pink putty. Ning was much more human when she was six weeks old." "Dark babies always aro. This one will be fair, like you. Ning took after me." Trcgaskiis turned his eyes upon his wifo with a freshly kindled gleam 'of admiration, "So much the hotter for Ning, as sho is a woman. Now if this brat had been a hoy it might havo takon after -mo and been a fairly decent looking chap on a large scale into tho bargain." He gave the little fatuous laugh ot sslf- satiafaction whioh was a trick of his, and which always jarred upon Clare. . It was one of.Tre- gaskiss's weaknesses to bs somewhat vain of his strength nnd robust good- looks. Ho might in truth have been considered a handsome man of the coarser mould.- Ten year" ago, before his features bad thickened and bis skin bad become red and rougli grained, and when he had beon loss inolinsd to stoutness, there could have been no doubt as to the attractiveness of his person. One might havo imaglnod a woman very much in love with him, but not a woman quite of the type of Mrs. Tregnskiss. Some little frail, amiable doll perhaps, without much intellect, and the kind of temperament, which is .naturally, sub servient to brute force. Trega.kiie was fasbionod rather upon the Viking model. He was huge— as tall as Dr. Geneato, and muoh broader and thieker of girtb. In spite of the aative life he led, his weight could not have been less than fourteen or fifteen stone. He had a great bull neck and a largo bead with olose cropped yellow hair, wbiob fell into little rings over a round, low fore head. The eyes were bright blue, slightly bloodshot,, the ' nose "well shaped but broad at tho bridge, and with two small fur rows on each Bide marking a pullirioss between tbe eye-sookots and tbe moutb which gave an appearance of coarseness. He hid even teeth discolored by smoking, a yellow moustache with long points and. a .curly fair beard — tbe kind of beard whioh divides in the middlo and shows the oleft of oliin. Although ho was proud of being a "-fine man" he wae careless about bis dress. To-night ho looked disordered after his journey, which was not to be wondered at — hot, dusty and redder than usual; bis light alpaca coat bad stains upon it, and his colored shirt was unbuttonsd at the neck, showing tho insido griminess of the collar, and bcadi of perspiration stood upon bis forehead and his great, red bands. Claro stiffened just a little as he put his arm round her and drew her closer to him in their joint gaze at their ohild. The harsh, virile odor whioh came from him and seemed to tell of tho night's camping out and the day's travel ' in -close proximity with hot beaBts,' mingled with an -aroma of tobacco and of the whiaky he had recently im bibed, struck unpleasantly upon her nerves. She was a woman extremely fastidious iu such trifles, and had an almost sensuous delight in delicate fresh scouts. One of tho things whioh went far towards reconciling her to life on Mount Wombo, wss tbe perfume of tbe sandal wood logs, which she kept for burning in tho Bitting room in the winter. But something of the same conscientious self discipline which marked ber manner to ber chil dren showed itself in her hearing to her hus band. Sho aeomed to become instantly alive to tha impulse of repugnance in hereelf, and atoned for it by laying her band caressingly upon his shoulder ; and thuB together they contemplated tlie sleeping infant for a moment or two in silenoe. Then sbo withdrew her bend and dis engaged herself gently from Ilia embrace. " Yes, I wish, too, that she bad been a boy. Not exactly for four reason though." "For what reason then?" " Oh, beoauso I think women have tho worst of it in the world— at any rate iu the bush." " I don't see that. Things are always made ae easy for you as they can be up here. Of course tbe life's rough, but if it is so for women, it's rougher still for man. You can keep in doors if you choose. But how would you liko droving eattle across country with rations running suurl, uuu the waive haga galling empty ? Auu I wonder if you'd enjoy a day after scrubbers through gidya and burrumbush, or else drafting off a camp in tho blazing sun and branding till sundown and then coming home dog-tired to salt junk and damper— and all the worry of the men, and bad sales and drought, and a big debt, with the chnnoo of the bank coming down on you into the bargain ?" " It seems to me tlmt we women have our ehare of those worrice too," said Glare. ' " As for the station work, I used rathor to envy you men tho wild, free rides, and the living with Nature, and tho grandncss and reality of it all. Do you romembor, I had a perfeet. crave for out of door life long ago, after the hollowneis and insincerity and stuffiness of London. I usod to fanoy then that it must make people truer and bolter and purer. You know I Iovod anoasy day on tbe run, 'before' tbo babies oame, and when I was strong, and not the poor oreature I seem to have grown into." "An easy day ! " echoed Tregaskiss. " A kid glove kind of mustering in cool weather, just outside the paddook fouces— and the men blessing you all the time, because they deren't let out an oath. I think you found it a bit too real sometimes, Clare, and you got deuced sulky when I swore at you for getting in tho way. Yon expected me to keep up honeymoon manners, but I'vo broken you in, haven't I, and we're none the less good friends for it ? " " No nono the less good friends, Keith," she repeated with that curious smile. " But that wasn't what I meant whan I wished that baby bad been a boy." "What did you mean ?" he asked. "Oh, men get rid of their illusions quicker," sho answered. " Or else they nover grow them, which is better still — at least I suppose it is hotter, if tbe illusions are bound to wither boforo tho morning has become to-day. W omen aro 'so helpless," She "went on, lior voice taking a deeper inflexion,- "so blind, so ignorant, so hedged in. They cen't go into tho open and judgo of things as men do. They can't even judge of themselves. They don't know what they arc capable of or deficient in. They don't know what they want." " Well, most of them seem to know that they want a husband," said Tregaskiss, with a langii. " And after all, Clare, a woman can't do' muoh better than that — if she gots a good one, and a man can't be hotter off than with a good wife." There -was. genuine feeling in his tone; it touched Glare. "No, Keith. There can't be anything better in tho world - than a happy marriage. But people's ideas of happiness and of lovo nro dif ferent,- aren't they ? and women havo dreams anil wayward fancies. ' Iu the end we settlo down to doing our duty and we find satis faction in it, bat in tho beginning, when wo are yonng and romantic, and long for drama and thrill and communion of mind and the poetry of love — ' and, all the rest., .That's how it's hard for women — for some women. They 'vo got to griud down tho odgo of their imagination and to pull thsir ideals to pieces, and to scatter in frag ments nil thsir fond and foolish beliefs, nnd it —it's a painful process, Keith, and I'd rather not havo to watoh a daughter of mine goiug through it." Tregaskiss looked at her, at once annoyed, uneasy and amused. ' " Ob, confound ideals 1 That used to be a great word of yours, Clare. I thought I had laughed you out of it, though upon uiy soul I never did quito know what you meant by it. I bate bearing you talk liko that. It makes mo think of thoso long haired South Kensington painters and tbe ladies in queer dresies, with notions that yon used to tell mo you were so'siok of. Besides it puts it into my head that you aren't happy, and that isn't true — anyhow, you always say that you aro happy enough." " Oh, yes, Keith, don't mind. Of course I am happy enough." "Ideals ! " ho went on, wrathfully. "Poetry, sentiment — the sort of stuff you read in novels. Fine words and infernal Tommy-rot, as I always said to you, dear. We don't brood 'em out west." " No ; you laughed mo out of my fancy that ideale might exist in the IjurIi. That's one of tho vanished illusions. Thsy dun't seem to fraternise with siieop and cattle in this part of Leichardt's Land." "Do you think thoy tiirivod any better on Ubi Downs, where you came from ?" \- " I don't know. I supposo not. I was only 10 years old, you know, when I left it. And yot," sho went on dreamily " I kopt a vision of Ubi Downs all those years, as of a sort of promised land — the mountains nnd tho strango sunsets and the river and the great bunyn scrubs — Tho Erl King and Sintram and Uudine lived in that bunya scrub and the creek that came down from the gorge. I can remember it quito well." "And you married me becauso you thought I wae going to bring you to your promised land. Was that it ?" "Perhaps it was a little, Keith." "Good Lord, Clare, you are childish, with your Erl Kings and your fairy tale people. I supposo thoy are in a fairy tale. I never heard of them anywhere else. What has come over you to night?". "I don't know, Keith. One gets thinking lying awake in the moonlight." "Thinking! What about?" " Oh ! — about ideals ; and drama ; and thrill; and different kiuds of love— everything that makes the poetry of life. But I quite ngrco with you ; ; it's stupid to talk of them. Gladys Warraker and I agreed long ago not to expect such things in the ordinary run of life." "Well, anyhow, I thought you hnd dropped all such rubbish since you came here. Ideals! drama ! thrill, and different kinds' of love," ho repeated, with bluff scorn. " By Jove, do you remember our sitting by tho water hole at Wombo, soon after we came up, and your read ing to mo soincthlug by some German olmp, a'nd asking me if that was how I loved you, and your disgust when I told you it was all damned rot. As if mon and women over loved each other, espeoially when they are married, in any way but one. You may wrap it up in sugar as muoh as you like, but love always comes to tbe same thing— generally ends in little red creatures like this." Clare gave a slight shudder and then laughed, an odd nervous laugh. "Yes, it always comes to tho Bamo thing. You have taught me that." " I have made you practical, my dear. Upon my soul if it hadn't beeD for having married me you'd be lost in the olouds by now. I've brought you down to earth, I and the chil dren." "Yes," sho again assented. "You nnd the ohildren. One can't be anything but practical when there are babies crying round, and only a " half caste or a black gin to look after them." "Well, that's your own fault, Clare. I said you could get a nurse out of ono of tho emigrant ships at Port Victoria." " Oh, she wouldn't havo stayed. Sho would have complained that it was too rough, or too dull, or else the mosquitoes nud sandflies would have eaten her up. Aud I'm so anxious to get that wretched debt cleared off. I don't waut to add to expenses, especially as I brought yon nothing. That's being practical, isn't it?" " You're a splendid old dear. I'm bound to say that there's not another woman I know, brought up liko you, that would work in the same way to keep things together. As for tho debt, if I oould get a couple of good seasons and a market for fat oattle I'd soon dear it off, and we'd take a trip home and then settle down on your beloved Ubi in the heart of civilisation. Confound that woman ! When is sho going to send mo up something to eat?" He went noslly to the staircase and called down, Aftor a few minutes a young woman who had been serving at the bar brought in a tray with cold beef aud bread and a bottio of whisky. Tregaskiss threw off, his coat, poured himself out some whisky and water, and called to bis wife to come in aud "yarn." Sbo obeyed tbe peremptory oall without a murmur, though she had lain down again upon the bed beside tho baby, and was in truth almost worn out. She waited upon her husband while he made a hearty meal, and chatted cheerfully upon Lcura con cerns the while, having, it appeared, quite recovered from her sentimental mood. They talked about tho delinquencies of the "Gripper,-" otherwise Mr. Cnsack-- tho new boundary between Wombo and Brinda Plains ; the surveyors to be em ployed ; tho stock keeping capacity of a "new chum " lately installed at Mr. Wombo; the " tally " of the last branding. It was not till Tregaskiss had lighted his pipe and tilted back hie chair that he was struck for the seoond time by his wife's wan looks, nnd again declared she looked liko a ghost. whisky and water, and expressed compunctiou for having kept her up, fussing over her in a man-like unhelpful manner, which at intervals took tho form of scolding. "Why didn't sho look aftor herself bettor ? What was tho uso of leaving Port Victoria before sho was quito strong ? Why would she nurso tho baby, when she knew that sho wasn't fit for it? On the last point he waxed pcrsistontly wrathful. " I wanted to," pleaded Clnre. "I think I havo read that mothers always care more for the ohildren they nurse themselves. It's an outlet for " site stopped. "An outlet for what?" " For the foolish fanoies, perhaps, that you have been scolding me for." " What has put the notion into your head ?" asked Tregaskiss. "You know that the child drags you to pieces." "I didn't nurse tho other two," she said in n- low voice, " and they died, and I don't think I wae half sorry enough, poor little things." Tregaskiss was silent. "That's nonsense," he snid presently, " They wouldn't lmve lived anyhow, aud this one is muoh more likely to thrive on good cow's milk. I'll have a milkor kept apart. And then he went on : " You talk of oxpenses ; and you know it means gallons of bottled stout, or you can't get on at all. Not that I grudge it," ho added, hastily, smitten by an expression which crossed Clare's face, " but goodness knows how long tho drays will be getting it up. That's what I meant." But sbo bad been moved many times to a half amused scorn or pitiful tolerance by tho exhi bition of a curious strain of meanness iu Tr.gas- kiss's character. This \vas all tho more strange becauso it was allied in a certaiu sense to bois terous good nature. In somo matters Trcgaskiis was openlianded and even extravagant. It wns quite ccrtaiu also that he would not have gi udged his wife anything that be seriously believed would contribute to hor henlth or comfort, and yet in somo small odd ways lie was penurious. (To be continued.) 