Once again, while the “ popular ’ chamber is frittering away its time in comparatively pointless discussions, the Council is showing its capacity for good, solid work. Tuesday's re cord for the Upper Chamber was a very good one. The bill having for its object the suppression of street betting, the objects of which we explained fully yesterday, was carried through its final stages. The only alteration made was one in the wording of the measure, which was amended so as to better secure tbe object sought by striking out the 100 feet limit, and making the bill apply to every thoroughfare or public or private property, and any enclosed or unenclosed land (not in cluding houses, which are dealt with in the Po'ice Offences Statute) within any city or town The Licensing Act Amendment Bill, making it possible to transfer licenses from smaller buildings to more pretentious ones —such as coffee palaces—also passed its final stages The Book Debts Bill was read a second time, passed through committee without amend ment, and reported. It provides that all assignments of book debts due, or to become due, must be registered to ensure validity. This register would be open to the public on payment of the usual fee. Fraudu lent assignments to favored creditors would then be almost impossible, since notice of intention to assign must be given, and any creditor would have an opportunity of lodging a caveat against the transaction. Mr Wynne also succeeded in carrying his Intestate Estates Bill through the second reading and committee without amendments. The mam object is to secure to the widow the bulk of her husband’s estate where no will is left, and it provides that the whole of the estate shall go to the widow up to £lOOO, all over that amount to be subject to the rules of division amongst relatives laid down by the present law. These are all small measures, but they are important, and their passage shows that members of the Council are anxious to discharge the duties they are elected to perform. In the Assembly the < record is not so satisfactory, and for this, on Tuesday at any rate, the Government is largely to blame. The House during the last session, by a distinct vote, reduced the Speaker’s salary from £l2oo—the amount first suggested as a reduction from the original amount, £lsoo—to £lOOO In face of this direct expres sion of opinion the Government have been paying the Speaker at the rate of £l2OO a year, and on Tuesday sought to justify their action on the plea that they thought a mis take had been made. After valuable time had been wasted the Treasurer received very direct proof that the House would stand no such trifling, and in future the Speaker’s salary will stand at £lOOO a year. Most people will think this a liberal one in the present condition o£ the country’s finances. It was also intimated to the Government that hon. members would like an opportunity of review ing the salary of the Clerk of Parlia ments, who under a special Appropria tion Act receives £l2OO a year. The absurdity of the situation of the chief officer of the House receiving £lOOO a year, and one of the servants of Par liament £l2OO, may probably strike members of the Government when they have leisure to think over it, and the salary be reduced to £lOOO. It presents a peculiar ano maly of political life, that, whilst scores of the best of our teachers have been sent adrift, scores of others severely retrenched, numbers of -small country post offices that were of great convenience to a scattered population and cost but little to maintain have been closed, and grants to charitable institutions, municipalities, provincial art galleries, technical schools, and country libraries reduced to a mini mum, there should be this tenderness in dealing with the high - salaried officials. It is too early yet to com mence reversing the demands for re trenchment, much less to increase the expenditure, ns the country is not yet out of the financial trough, and painful as it undoubtedly is to continue the pressure downward, the taxpayers are in a still worse condition than the State employes. It was expected that the debate upon the Mallee Bill would have been continued on Tuesday night, but the wrangle over the Speaker’s salary occupied the House until a late hour—too late to resume a debate of such importance. The Premier, there fore, after passing a Supply Bill, suc ceeded in passing the Treasury De posits Interest Bill (to legalise tne transaction that had passed between the Government and the Savings Bank Commissioners), the Municipal Overdrafts Bill, and the Marong Re serve Mining Bill, the last named being intended to enable holders of miners’ rights to enter and mine over the Marong race course. There are still 30 bills knock ing at the door of the Chamber—some of them of great importance—and only 18 business days left, if Parlia ment rises early in December, as con templated by the Premier. Months have been spent in the Lower House in endeavoring to nullify one of the decrees of the country at the last general election, and now hon. mem bers will doubtless seek to mend their errors by rushing on to the statute book ill-digested measures. All this goes to show not so much that what is known as “ popular representation ” is on its trial as that it has been tried and found wanting. It almost seems as though the lot of the farmer is about to brighten, and the latest item of good news—that lower freightage has been secured by the Government for exports—is by no means the least cheering As he has to compete against the world in the British markets, it is a necessary precedent to success that the freights should be reasonable. When shipping dues have been paid, and the charges for commission, storage and rail way conveyance have been met, the margin in the producer’s favor has not in the past been a very heavy one. It was recognised that the key-note of future success must be reduced freights, and in that direction the Government moved Their first effort was frustiated by what was evidently a “knockout” amongst the shipping firms, as not a single tender was re ceived for the service. Whether this was due to the grasping of the ship owners or to alleged impracticable con ditions of contract, or to a little of botn, opinions will difier. A second attempt has been more successful. The P. and O. and Orient Companies sent in a joint tender at slightly under present rates, but a better offer was received from the Aberdeen Shipping Company and Lund’s Blue 'Anchor line, and this has bean accepted. The rates are—Butter, cheese, and meat, per lb, a reduction on present rates of -jd; all measurement cargo, 70s per ton, a reduction of 20s; fruit, 3s 9d per case, or about one half of the pre sent charge. The successful tenderers have the sole right of carrying perish able products shipped to London thiough the cool chambers of the Agricultural Department. The con tract stipulates that between Septem ber and May a steamer shall be despatched weekly for London, the service to be fortnightly for the re mainder of the year. The contract will come into force next May, with fortnightly steamers, so that there is ample tune to make ar rangeraents for the more fre quent service to start on the succeeding September, with the com mencement of the 1896 butter season There is no guarantee of quantities, as the business of the cool stores can easily be gauged, and the new con tractors are willing to run the risk of droughts and other untoward condi tions reducing the output. The Govern ment have wisely limited the duration of the contract to two years, by the end of which time it is hoped further concessions may be obtained. The rkeen competition that is cer tain to be brought about to secure the trade will doubtless quicken the wits of our inventors, and ship owners will probably have improved methods of treating the produce that will not only enable them to carry at a lower rate, but will also land the goods in better condition. As indicat ing the importance of the concessions, it may be mentioned that in butter alone the new rate will mean an ad vantage to the producer—calculated on the basis of last year’s business—of £13,500. The exports, however, are certain to be largely increased this year, and a still further improvement may be looked for next season. Then there is the steadily increasing busi ness in fruit, frozen meat, eggs, pool try, and rabbits to be taken into ac count, so that many thousands of pounds should be added to the re ceipts of the colony annually by the new arrangement. The Government is also negotiating for a direct monthly service with Manchester, that ex porters may not be totally de pendent upon the London market, and if this can be arranged a slight improvement in prices may be expected. The Government is doing very good work in this direction, and if only the report of the Perishable Pro ducts Commission galvanises the Agri cultural Department into something like a recognition of its duties at this end, oar export trade should be firmly established upon a sound and profitable basis. The Legislative Council is disposed to resent the action of the Assembly relative to the re duction of the salary of the President of the Council and its desire to also retrench the clerk of Parliaments, who is in a special degree the Council’s clerk. The views of hon. mem bers found free expression last night on the Supply Bill coming before the Upper House. In the Legislative Assembly last night it was intimated that the Government intends to appoint a board to enquire into the serious allegations that have been made of late against the honorary magistracy. Debate was resumed on the Malles Lands Bill, the vital importance of which was urged by Sir John M’lntyre and Mr Irvine, but viewed with suspicion by Mr Lnngmore, whose chief dread in connection with it is as to the possible enrichment of Mr E. H. Laacalles through its operation. The inspector of the Board of Public Health yesterday examined the newly erected exhibi tion buildings and expressed himself as being thoroughly satisfied that they were perfectly safe. Mr Holmes, the electrician, of the Rail way Department, also pud a visit to Ballarat and arranged to light the whole area with 40 or 50 arc lights, so that, as far as illumination is concerned, nothing will be wanting. Mijor Cairnoross, who arrived on Tuesday night, selected a site for the armament court in the eastern annexe. Amongst the exhibits will be the largo disappearing gun, which will be worked by a squad of the Permanent Artillery, assisted by members of the local Militia. At a meeting of the commission, held last night, under the presidency of Mr C B Retallack, a largo number of applications for space were received, and it was decided to call a meeting of the general committee for Friday night to deal with them An accident occurred yesterday afternoon to the engine attached to the mixed train from Maryborough On arrival at Ballarat West the trucks, some of which contained cattle, were taken to Ballarat East to change lines. During shunting the engine slipped off the rails. The trucks were slightly damaged and the cattle severely shaken. A sat of men were put to work, and it took over two hours to clear the line. A painfully sudden death occurred at No 2 Bagge street, Ballirat East, last night. Mr Humphrey Cooper Johns, engineer, a resident since the early fifties, was sitting talking to a friend when he fell forward and expired. Ha was 05 years old, and was under treatment by Dr Hardy for valvular disease of the heart. A w.dow and family of three, all of whom are married, survive Mr Johns*was for many years employed at the Black Horse mine. He was a member of the Old Colonists’ Associa tion, the Foresters’ Lodge, and the Engine drivers’ Association. Another case of alleged gross misbehavior at Lake Wendouree is reported It is alleged that for some days past a citizen advanced in years, holding a good position, and well known in the city, has enticed children by means of lollies, and then behaved in a disgraceful manner in their presence The information communi cated to the police led to a warrant being yesterday taken out for the arrest of Theo dore Berking, Go years of age, and it was executed by the City police yesterday even mg. It is alleged that on the 13th of this month the accused conducted himself in the manner complained of in the Old Cemetery, and there are also allegations of similar mis conduct on the I7th in Webster street, and on the 18th at the lake. He will be brought be fore the City Court this morning, when the charges will be enquired into and his defence heard. At half past 7 o’clock yesterday morning an alarm of fire was sent to the Ballarat Brigade from the Eureka street signal. The firemen promptly turned out, only to discover that they had been made the victims of soma mischievous freak. A sale of gifts, in aid of the circuit fund, was opened at the Peel street Methodist Church schoolroom last night by the Rev. Levi Walton. The room had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, and the stalls, which were crowded with useful and fancy articles, wore arranged in a most attractive manner There was a large attendance, and the stallholders were kept busily employed in attending to their pations. The following were the stalls and their attendants. No. 1, Mesdamos Walton, Tolhday, Ihomas, Misses Mitchell and Roberts; toy stall, Mrs Mitchell and Mr Bleckley; refreshment stall Mesdames Mitchell, M'Allister, and Jenkins; flower stall, Misses Reeve (2), Roberts, Jenkins, and Gould; young 1 lilies’ stall, Misses Oslar, Dauncy, Brooker (2), Bradby (2), and Powell; shooting gallery, Mr Roberts; old conosity shop, Mr Milne; fine art gallery, Mr Morris; Christmas tree, Misses Walton and Morns; phrenological delineations, Professor Thomp son. Ihe sale will be continued to night, whan the admission will be free. In view of the exceptionally large fields that are expected to face the starter on Indav next in connection with the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club’s meeting, the works committee visited the course yesterday to make arrangements for the comfort of their patrons. The course proper was opened to allow the various candi dates to have a gallop Already a I irge con tingent of visiting horses have arrived, and everything is in readiness for a good day’s racing. Mr Leader, P M., and Messrs Heinz, Clark, and Pearse, J’s P , presided at the City Police Court yesterday. A young man named Michael Mingan, charged with imposition by means of forged cheques, was remanded for a week Bail was fixed at two sureties of £lOO each A young man charged with deserting his illegitimate child was remanded for a week. Bail was allowed in one surety of £5O. A man who had been arrested for drunkenness was discharged with a caution. John Cavendish proceeded against Messrs Heany Bros to recover io 17s 2d, which he claimed for wages Mr Lazarus, who appeared for the complainant, said that as the facts in the case were identical with those in a charge of embezzlement pre ferred by the defendants against his client, which charge was to be heard on Tuesday next, he suggested that both cases be taken together Mr Cray, who represented Mesars Heany, agreed to the proposal, and the adjournment was granted A few debt cases were also dealt with by the court. The Geelong show will be held to day A most pleasant evening was spent la«t night at St. P ml’s schoolroom, when the annual dinner and concert, arranged by the vestrv and ladies of tho congregation, took place. There was a very large attendance at the dinner, which was served by the ladies in a most creditable manner, and was thoroughly en joyed. At the concert the Rev T Tapley Short, M. A., presided An excellent programme was provided by Misses Creives, Jnnghenn, Allen, Trevor, Cowley, English, and Messrs Robson, Hall, Sheppard, and Tsplin. During the even ing addresses were given by the chairman, Canon Rndchffe, Cr Elsworfh (mayor of the Town), Mr W Robertson, JP, and others The re union was in every way a success, the arrangements being all that could be desired An examination in ambulance work was conducted at the School of Mines yesterd ty afternoon A large number of students pre seated themselves A miner named William Drysdale, 41 years old, who lives at the corner of Dana and Doveton street", had a narrow escape from death yesterday, while working at the Band and Albion mine A piece of iron weighing about half a hundredweight fell against his back, inflicting severe contused wounds, which necessitated Ins admission to the Hospital, Frederick Collis, 13, of Davey street, was treated for an incised wound on the forearm, caused by the slipping of a knife, with which he was cutting bread; and James Alderton, 18, of Sebastopol, for severe lacerated wounds on the forehead, caused by being thrown from a horse. The next sittings of the County Court will be opened on the 23th mat. There are nine cases on the list. A meeting of the City Board of Advice was held at the City Library last night to make ar rangements for the annual State school and general excursion to Melbourne, which is to take place on Thursday, tho 14th of Novem ber; Sir George Tutton presided. It was de cided that both trims, which start at G 40 and, 8 40 a m , should stop at Bungaree Junction and Wallace A communication was received from the Bungaree bo ird, agreeing to heartily co operate, and it was mentioned that as there would probably be no excursion from Ballirat East, the Town Board would also give their support Arrangements havo been made for visiting the Aqo irium, the Mint, the Houses of Parliament, and other places of interest. A Warden’s Court was held at the City Courthouse yesterday by Mr Leader, P M A report of the cases de lit with, winch in eluded a trespass one at Elaine, which is of considerable interest, appears in another column The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Amateur Photographic Society was held at the School of Mines last night, under the presi dency of Mr F J Martel), and was well at tended A letter was read from Mr H. J. Elliott, of Barnett, England, who was lately in the colonies, enclosing well executed photo graphs of “The Flight from Pompeii,” and a number of viows taken at Rio Janeiro It was decided to hold the annual excursion to Ercd doune on the Bth of November. Mr F. Foster, secretary, read a carefully prepared paper on bromide printing and enlarging, and expressed his intention of giving practical illustrations of bromide work at next meeting Mr Martell also promised i paper on “ Artistic Photography. The annual social and entertainment in con nection with the Victoria Private Quadrille Club took place at the Phoenix H ill la>.t night The dance room had been handsomely deco rated with choice flowers and pretty drapings, and other adornments, lent by Messrs Crocker, Tonbridge, and Noonan. About 60 couple* attended, and danced to mnsic supplied by Miss Sherlock (pianist), Mr Shraeder (violin) and Mr Mills (clarionet). At 11 o’clock the company sat down to supper, catered for by Mr M’lntyre. A number of appropriate toasts were enthusiastically honored During the proceedings the chairman, Mr T Garrick president of the club, presenter! Mr J Sin clair, the M.C , with a handsome gold albert for which the recipient suitably returned thanks. Dancing was subsequently resumed and kept up until a late hour. ’ The flower show in connectioa with St, John’s Church, Soldiers’ Hill, will be opened in the schoolroom this evening at 7 o’clock Exhibits for competition must be sent in by 3 o’clock this afternoon. A variety of choice pot plants will be offered for sale, and the apron and sweets stalls will offer attractions to many. Selections of popular music are to be rendered during the evening, and refreshments will be provided in the parish room The school and parish rooms have been tastefully decorated with flowers, evergreens and art mu»lm drapery. The show will be continued over Friday afternoon and evening. The charge for admission is sixpence. The many friends of Mrs Lester, of Lester’s hotel, have been greatly pleased to note such an improvement m her health as to permit of her being out of doors again after a severe illness of nearly eight months’ duration, and have freely tendered their congratulations coupled with expressions of he irty «lehes for her early restoration to the full enjoyment of health and strength. An enjoyable entertainment will be provided at the Academy of Music to night, when “ Red Riding Hood ” will be performed hy a number of the scholars of the Central State School, in aid of the chanties The performers have been diligently rehearsing for some time past, and last night a full dress rehearsal took place, when the performance went so smoothly and well that the success of to night’s perform ance is assured. The entertainment will com mence at S o’clock sharp. The prices of admission are 2s and Is, and funily tickets 4s 6d. A cake fair will be held in the Mechanics’ Hall, Sebastopol, to morrow evening m aid of the Holy Trinity Church. The Railway Department will to day com mence the excursions to Melbourne in conuec tion with the arnvd of Lord Bras-ey and the Victoria Racing Club spring meeting From to day until 9th November return tickets at holiday excursion fares will ha issued to Mel bourne only at all stations The tickets will be available for all trains and for return by any tram up till the night of the 18Ji November. The journny cannot be broken Horses or vehicles will not be accepted for any particular train that is likely to be fully loaded with pas sengers on either journey. Messrs Josephs, King, and Lome, J- p were the presiding magistrates it the Town Police Court yesterday Three debt cases and two individuals charged with drunkenness were dealt with The ch irpe of perjury against the woman C iroline Esther Lyons, who was remanded from last week, will be heard to day. Chief officer Marshall left Ballarat yesterday evening for Natirauk. He will return to day, and will inspect the reel houses in the dis tnct. To morrow evening Miss Jennings Carmichael, whose name is familiar to many of the older residents of Ballarat, will make her first public appearance in the Academy of Music. The lady has been so frequent a contributor to Australian literature for years past that she is well known to the majority of the reading public Miss Carmichael has made rapid advancement among writers of verse in her native land, but of late most of her time has been devoted to fiction, and her latest study, “The spirit of the bush,’’ has commanded much attention. This, popular national idyl will be delivered on Friday night by special request. The first part of the programme will consist of “ Odd little mortals, ’ a senes of descriptions and studies of peculiarities of child life in humor and pathos Miss Carmichael’s long association with the Melbourne Children’s Hospital has brought her into contact with many curious little people, on whom she should be able to discourse in interesting and entertaining manner. The fact that Miss Jennings Carmichael is a native of Ballarat lends additional interest to the appearance of the popular young authoress, who desires to have a little chat with her townsfolk prior to her departure for England The popular price of 1s will be charged for admission to the entertaiment but all desirous of booking stall seats at Sutton’s may do so for the extra charge of Is per seat. A large number of tickets have been disposed of privately, and a good house is assured. In his “ Homely talk-” at the Mechanics Institute next Sunday afternoon, the Rev J, A Soper will ape ik ibout “ Australian idols ” A large number have been collected and will be exhibited on the platform. The address will be specially interesting to young men. Michael Flanaghan, aged 45 years, a laborer, was arrested yesterday in B illarat E ist on a charge of drunkenness. On the way to the watchhouse the accused is alleged to have assaulted the constable, for which offence he will have to answer at the Town Police Court this morning. At the meeting of the City branch of the Australian Natives’ Association 1 ist night, Mr J. Boldeman was presented with a pur of handsome bronze statuettes for proposing the largest number of members during the half year; and Mr F Jones was given an excellent silver plated butter dish for nominating the next highest number. During the past 15 months Mr Jones haa proposed no fewer than 43 candidates for membership In making the presentations, the president spoke in glowing terms of the interest and energy shown by the prize winners, and expressed a hope that their example would be followed The secretary re ported that for the last six mouths Sb members had been elected. The special commissioner of the Sydney Utt aid, who is now in London, writes —“ On the 3rd September I had a conversation in Smithfield with the head of a firm which sells immense quantities of hares, rabbits, poultry, and game Ho said, * Why don’t yon send ua rabbits and haras *' Look here, this morning I am selling hares at from 3s to 4s each, and rabbits at 13d to 15d each. Examine what 1 am selling, and let me have your opinion. Mind you, I can sell frozen rabbits and hares at almost as good prices as I am obtaining freely for these, and I can sell thousands of them.’ I replied, ‘We can send you prime hares and rabbits of fair quality almost all the year round Why don’t you go out md buy them ’ I can purchase in Sydney rabbits such as you show at GJ per pair, and decidedly you could make 2s per pair on our hares ’ ” It was mentioned at last night’s meeting of the City branch of the Australi in Natives’ Association that there were 20 members on the sick list, the majority suffering from in fluenza. Messrs R. A. Thompson and Cos have sent us, per Mr Summerscales, Nos 2 and 3 of the issue of “ The famous paintings of the world.” They are fully equal to the first number. Amongst these mly be noted “ A secret,” by Goldman; “ A reading from Homer,” bv Alma- Tademi; “After Waterloo,” by A C Gow; “ Our darling,” " Early autumn,” “Ths toilet of the bride,” "At the shrine of Venus,” “ Blind man’s buff. ’ “ The ghost story,” “ On dress parade,” “Flying artillery,” and others of equal interest and merit At the meeting of the Ballarat Deutscber Verem last night a group of photographs of the members was formally handed over to the members The picture was the work of Me Flegeltaub, of Sturt street. 