WHIFFS. rBY 'PUWBIM.'n . A judge In Victoria wbb tbe other day requested: to order all females out of oonrt daring tbe bearing of some ' warm' evidence in . a. divorce action, but his Honor reftfsfed. aaylng tbat if ladleB oame to oonrt during the progress of such oases tbey knew wbat to expect. I wonder whether the mpmherfi nf the ''weaker sex' stayed sifter snob a'bltat. It Is quite possible tbey did,, for If tbey woald go to bear a dlvoroe base at all, it would probably take more than this to move tbem. It almost seems tbat io these days of 'New women,' and ooob like advanced, theories, we shall find tbat amongst sucb a certain clasp, at alleveQte, the one time proverbial modesty and lovely Innocence nf tbe sex will be a hut diminishing quantity. For my own part, whilst I would be quite willing to let woman stand in most things npon an equality witb tbe other sex, I should be sorry indeed to think tbat they would take advantage of each equality to wil fully lose tbat esteem and admiration whfob we all bave for tbe tender and loving creature wbo in her sphere as tbe sweetheart, wife, and mother, has taken such a prominent place in tbe world's history. Let ns all. hope that the day will be far distant ere we lose that wonderful and beautiful creature of God — 'the ministering angel'— in the more advanced but less lovable 'New Woman,' nf whom we bear so much nowadays. Sympathy for tbe masculine female will I trust be nipped in tbe bud, ere It raises its bead too high, and tbus spoils one of tbe most glorious works of the Almighty —a true woman. * * * * * . We often bear of anomalies, but is It not a curious thing that whilst we bear so much against tendering Iu the Council, the representatives from that body to the United Board should bave sucoeeded in oarrylng a motion tbe otbet day to pat tbe Granville ferry op by auotlon---lbe very worst form or leauering mac couia pusalby be devised. I would now make ibe suggestion to tbe Aldermen that in future everything in oandeotion with tbe Uouooil should be put up by auction. Starting at the bead, we should then bave beeo able to make something oat of the reoeut brisk competition for tbe Miyoral obair. S«y there were three or four can didates. Let an auotlon sale nf tbe posi tion be advertised, ' the highest bidder to be the purobaser,' &c.;, &c.; ; aud we would then find out who w'as prepared tu give the beet price for the 'article' put up, aud who appreciated the honour most. The Town Clerkship, Foreman of Works, and alt other billets oouid be treated In the same way, and then per haps tbe people wbo bave such an im mense idea of tendering would be satis fied tbat tbey bad obtained tbe beet bargain obtainable. ***** My own opinion on tendering (joking aside; Ib that, nowsdBys, It is bad for everyone, but tbe party wbo isoaliiug for tbe tender. It ia bad for the contractor, bad for his workmen, and exceedingly jad for tbe business people of tbe towu. I readily admit that there Ib io day labur a danger of the 'Government stroke' beoomlng stroogly io nvldeuce, but witb a thoroughly reliable Foreman of Workei and good gangers this would not be allowed, and we sbnula have a fair day's labour for a fair day's wage. The peculi arity of the thing in, however, that we often find that tbe very men who so strongly oppose tendering are the first Lo let tbelr own private work by oontraot. This, however, only emphasises my argument that the system Is bad for all but tbe man who is getllog tbe work done. ***** I hate often been amused at the arguments and ideas brought forward by Cburch people regarding bringing nna Cburcb goers to a plaoe of worship. One man advoottes no colleotion ; another bringing tbem In by tbe wonderful power of love and gentleness ; whilst still another would lay viuleai baDds upon bis lukewarm neighbour^ aod drag bim to Cburoh literally by tbe scrutl of bis neok. Whatever tbe oause, tbere can be no gainsaying tbe fact tbat tbe large majority of people do not attend any place of worship, and altbuugh tbey profess to believe in tbe principles and dootrines preached from tbe pulpit, tbey utterly ignore tbe praotislug of tbat belief. Some years ago tbe Rev. Hopper Joplln invited disoussion as to the cause of people abstaining from ' going to Church,' and reoeived a number of sug gestions as to tbe cause, but eventually tbe rev. gentleman oame to the same conclusions as ! then brought forward.' viz., tbat indifference was the mala reason of tbe paucity of the congrega tions, 1/ this Is sb, then we can oaly look to our preachers and ministers to stir dp tbe lazy ones, and by their burn ing words and living works to bring about a different state nf affaire. I tblnk It was Talmage wbo once said in referenoe to this very thing, 'Show me a lazy or Indifferent minister, and I will show you a cbnroh wltb a very large number of empty seate ; but show me a man preacb ' log earnestly and breathing words of living fire— a man truly filled- with tbe Holy Ghost — and you can depend upon It there will be very few vacant sittings In that Cburcb.' Whatever tbe cause, tbe fact remains that oar churches, instead of being filled, are half empty, and it is a standing reproach tbat it is so. ? « » * * Tbe remarks made by Mr. Groom, M.L.A., at TownBVille recently, are wortby of serious consideration by tbe Labour party. He Is reported lo have said ' be wished tbat tbat Party woald modify their views, as It wbb Impossible for members on either elde of tbe House- to accept an tneir opinloos, more par tlcularly those recently ottered by their leader.' Tbere oan be no doubt that the extreme views enunciated by the Labour Party bave been tbe caaBe of many bold i iog themselves aloof wbo wonld other wise bave thrown in their lot with tbe | follower' of Mr. GlaBBey, and it is to be | regretted tbat the extremists are io b I majority , in bis party. In fact, I bave it | on tbe best authority Ihit there are some amongst their representatives In Parlia ment wbc, because tbey bave adviBed a more moderate lone, bave been almost ostrascised, as far aa some of tbe red-bot fire-eaters are concerned. Tbe rabid, lervid oratory of some of tbelr number is doubtless very aooepiableto a few of their listeners, wbo beloog to the goodfor nothing, .loafing class, bnt tbe think ing portion simply draw back wben tbey hear tbe mad-headed atteranoeB some times pbnred forth by so-called 'leaders' of (be people. If the Party were pre pared to give way a little and adopt a more moderate tone, tbey woald obtain far more, sympathy, from the -{general public than tbey do at preBent, 