BY THE WAY. It must be truly gratifying to all patriotic 1 Australians to notice how the requisites of | civilisation are gradually spreading to the 1 country districts. The electric li^ht I perhaps marked a stage in the career of many of them, but lately ono of the more progressive ha3 been going in for illumi nated ghosts. In ono respect these rural and truly enlightened spooks appear to enjoy a distinct advantage over the city sort, as they Beem to spring . up spontaneously in the wild sequestered bush amongst the wallabies and bandicoots, without any assistance from mediums or Supreme Court judges, and spread a halo of supernatural lustre around the neighborhood. There is no doubt that they are deserving of the utmost en couragement, if only for relieving the mono tony of life in such places as Singleton, and there does not seem any good reason why by-and-bye an incandescent ghost should not be a recognised institution ia every well- regulated country town as much as the local Court-house or the School of Arts, especially as they don't entail any Government expenditure, or even seem to want anything to eat. Anyhow, a ghost that lays itself out to gratuitously carry blue blazes around a forty-acre pad dock on a cold night is a distinct boon to any part of tho country, and if properly utilised might ba tho means of considerably reducing tho lighting rate. If the Single ton people have any spare spooks of this 1 kind they might send a i'ew down to Sydney when the corporation lamps are out at the full of the moon. ® e o THE GAG. If it please you, MiBter Speaker — but it pleased tho Speaker not, And the House upplied the olosnre to that member ou the spot. I was reading up my Hansabd ere I went to bed lust night — ' For I like a little reading, and I always like it light — And I saw a lot of speeches by our eloquent M's.P., Which began as I have quoted, and were ended as you Bee. EE1TRAIN : They put it on to Lyne, They suppressed tho stormy See. And — (an awl'ul thing to do !) — f They applied tho closure, too, ^ Unto Old Sireueree. I Then I read my Hansakd further, and I Baw a lot of jokes That were parted in the middle — by those Governmental blokes, ' And a wild tirade by Copoland, that waa r smothered in the bud, -: And a call to arms from Hassall that you'd I think would end in blood. k But 'twould seem it had no ending, for it j-- finished with a jag, s Whioh informed the anxious reader of a further I case of ' gag.' 1 i REFRAIN. | There's another wild commotion. And another censure motion. And a 'rally round the flag, For the Governmental jokers They are free discussion chokers Who apply the hated gag. When a citizen is spouting in a fervid mood of brag, On his ' gag ' it seems a pity that we cannot put a ' sag ' ; But the lights of our Assembly, who are famed for making speech, They can gag to further orders (and they do it) each to each. They can olose a high oration and Buppress a member's ' mug ' In the making of the Statutes with the ever, handy ' gag.' There's a jubilee a-coming, You can hear the angry humming Of the Opposition lot ; Lot the other side apply it, Thoy are going to defy it Or expire upon the spot, w » * It is to be feared that the public are not sufficiently grateful for the . careful manner in which'tbe feelings and morals of the community are looked after by soma of their self-constituted guardians. A casa in point may be instanced in connec tion with the Soldene benefit last week, and the mystery surrounding the extraordinary appearance of tho f figure of Comedy on what, but for j certain fearful and wonderful decorations, | would have constituted an artistic picture. | As it was, the muse, or whatever she was supposed to be, was cut off, not exactly iu f the flower of her youth aud beauty, but at ^ the bust, by a sort of pinafore string, and had the lower part of her body tattooed g liko a Maori goddess with the representa tion of something like a cauliflower run to | seed. It is rumored that these weird | and heathenish excrescences were intanded | to Bowulerise trie artist's original design, I showing a graceful female figure, and were 1 intended by certain superior members of the committee for the benefit of the pro verbial young person, and to save the remarks of that inexorable critic, Mr3. Grundy. It was an heroic effort, doubt less, but it was rough on the artist — very. 9 o t» There would really seem to be no one secure from the craze for retrenchment which has latterly seized hold of the unreasonable taxpayer. The latest victims are the poor unfortunate barristers, who have been annually conveyed to interview tha representative of majesty in carriages at the public expense. What will happen when these free carriages are no longer available it is difficult to imagine. Whether the 'devil's own' will go on strike and boycott the vice-regal personage, and what future Governors will do in the even! of such a dreadful contingency, ii something too awful to contemplate. Already the rumor has gone forth that stopping those carriages is the real reason for the delay in the appointment of a new Governor, which the noble Secretary of Statef or the Colonies darkly observed he was not at liberty to disclose. If this is realiy the case no time is to be lost, and the usual steps should ba taken by means of a public meeting and subscription lists to raise fupd3 for the hire of suitable conveyances before the next levee. If in the present depressed state of the colony the amount would not run to broughams or landaus, perhaps a good-sized furniture-van would answer the purpose, and thus save the Constitution and ease the strained rela tions which at present exist between Neff South Wales and Great Britain. o o o The bestowal of the euphonius name of Roselle upon a portion of Balmain does not appear to have met with the approbation of the aldermanic representatives of that historic borough, or is it that their dignity is wounded by not havipg been consulted in the matter. It certainly does seem some what strange that the Council should have been the last to be consulted, but then it is one of the ways of Government Depart-, ments to do things differently to the rule3 hy which ordinary people are guided. Still, Bialmain should not be unreasonable. If the folks up that way have taken a fancy to the nanie, and v/on't be happy till they get it, it would be a pity to risk a miid municipal revolution in trying to thwart theni. On the whole, tho most advisable course would seem to be, after having duly wiped Mr. Cook's eye, to gracefully yield the point. Then the Postmaster-General can congratulate the residents by slightly altering from ' Ivry ' : — And thou Roselle, our own Roselle, proud city of the waters, Again lot rapture light the eyes of all thy mourning daughters, As thou wert constant in our ills he constant in our joy. . For cold and stiff and still are they who ' wrought thjr ^»lls annoy. \- - n- '?{' AJZ. 