A n Avenue of Cedars. Tho Won lor ful Roadway That Loads From Tokio to iTikko, in Japan. F. r.Il" SIIL23 07 MA'::;i;-rc;-r-.-T Tit!.:;;; jMrO.1 u xiiiau oiuxMoun. Pe nlinx Ceremonies at t'.io Fivioral a Japaneno OlrL of The Japanese, when they entombed, at Nikko, Iyeyasu, one of their greastest statesmen and heroes, the founder ol the Tokugawa dynasty of military rulers, whose power came to an end only with the revolution of 1868, after lasting three centuriesplanted better than they knew when they built an almost straight road from Tokio to the sacred ground at Nikko, lined the greater distance on either hand with pines and who ! > 8 f "R' ftn » b«ath and giant tops ffT' T ^ ^ ^ ^ ! , g0ne a d d i ' n M by year ring growths, till now these forest e a r giants guard the way, mature and vigorous, as if age only added to their strength. This avenue of cedars reaches almost forty miles of the way from Tokio to Nikko. I have seen avenues of oaks at Windsor and Buckingham maybe two miles or over long ; but think of it I a roadway graded level, about twenty feet wide, curbed at both sides, with living water running, and with steeply- !L°?'? and upon B . ba .these l ! k ' '<™ in an * endless to twelve prooeesion feet the great cedars of Japan. I wonder if the world elsewhere can match it. Noble trees impress most people ; with me, never before had I felt the dignity, the majesty, that trees like these could give as an expression of human emotion. The desire which the descendants and successors of the great Iyeyasu had to embody in u fitting w»y their reverence for his—to them—godlike powers oould not possibly bave been flisylayed in a grander manner than is seen to-day in this wonderful avenue of ceders. They stretch along mile after mile, sometimes only singly in a straight line close together, the swelling bases quite touching each other, and then they stretch out in couples and triplets. Often twin trees seem to spring from one base. Nowhere is there absoluteness of straight line, but everywhere that delightful unbalanced symmetry peculiar to Japenese art and which Nature only teaches. The cedars vary in diameter from two feet to six feet. The bark is redish, thin and olose set in rather narrow parellel strips. The trunks are straight and uniformly round, reaching fifty to seventy-five feet in height before branching much, and reaching an altitude of 1,'iO to 130 feet. The branches are not large in proporsion to the trunks, so that trees stand close together, interlacing their shade. We entered thia avenue from the railway station, Ulsu no-miya, at about o'clock in the afternoon, having arranged for jin rikisbas and extra mc-n to pull us all the way to > Nikko. expecting to reach, • there • before dark, but, it was nine .Japanese n\ equal to about twenty-three English miles, and a moderate up-grade all the way, and it was nine o'clock at night before, we reached Nikko. Solemn and imposing indeed was the r-hadowed way during the afternoon hours and short twilight, but doubly solemn as night settled down, and nothing could bo distinguished. The jin-riki-shamen seemed to feel their way with their feet; a paper lantern with a tallow candle lighted the spaoe that a firefly would. The banks of the roadway were quite above our heads, but one after another wc could see the great trunks of the cedars leading up till lost in the upper darkness. Every now and then the " riky " men would startle us by ''Ha," then " Hh," " Sorya," the expression of warning, and then some gray ghost of a belated traveller would silently slide by. Then wc would see glimmering lanterns ahead, and long stretches of pack-horses loaded with charcoal, baled rice and bamboo poles, would go noisily by. There was no wind, no insect sounds. At intervals of two or thrco miles we would come to a large village built on either side of the road, at which point the avenue of cedars ceases, only to commence solidly and uninterruptedly again at the end of the village street. At Nikko the avenue practically ends, and tbero A he lar g esti a n d oldest of the cedars group nrnnn fhnmpnlwn. themselves .n in forest-like 11.l masses around . the great Shogun's tomb. A JAPANK.SK rONERAL. ^ The eldest daughter of Otani Kahei, a rich rice merchant of Yokohama, died recently, 15 years of age, and I witnessed the funeral procession as it passed along one of the main streets of the city. _ It was nearly a _ mile in length, and contained probably a' thousand persons, including moufaers, friends, priests and flower-bearers. First came six great bouquets or stands of flowers arranged in a conical form, each about eight feet high, two feet in diameter at the bottom, tapering to the top. These consisted of alternate circles cf flowers and evergreens, and were strikingly effective in character. Tne stem or handle 0! each was a preen bamboo about five inches in diameter, fixed at the bottom in a some- what ornamental wooden base. They were carried braced to shoulder-polcf! by coolies, with relays of men to relieve thera" occasionally. Following these were six stands of artificial flowers, gilded and silvered; after these the young female relatives and friends of the dead girl, richly dressed, each in a jin-rikisha. Ttien came no less than fifty-two enormous stands of flowers and evergreens—such as first described—borne in pairs, followed by a large nurobsr of tsukuri-bana (artificial flowers). Then came a solemn-looking " Shin-kwan " (Shinto priest), who tapped upon a sacred drum ; after him a number of sacred musicians in full dress and hats, playing upon small bamboo fifes. After these, in jm-riki-shas, a number of Buddhist priests, with shaven heads, dressed in riohcolored robes, holding in their laps some symbolic vessels containing rioe and other— to me—unknown substances. Over these were held enormous crimson paper umbrellas, carried by bearers dressed in white. After these oame a man holding "Ihai,"a wooden tablet on which the name of the dead girl was written ; then two men followed with incense burners ; then many more stands of flowers, both natural and artificial. Then came the body in a plain oofTin covered with white, borne high upon a platform, over which was a canopy. Then followed the relatives on foot and friends of the deceased's parents, and after them the publio. At the cemetery hundreds of boxes containing sweetmeats were given away to the friends, and tea was served to all who wished. Much of the ceremony was unintelligible to me, but as a public speotaole it was remarkable. Once one of those itinerant and pcr.-i.tent gentlemen with a subsoription-book kept presenting it while old Horace Greeley was writing. Horace had a habit, when any one would interefere, of kicking, and so he kicked at the subscription fiend. Finally, when he saw that ho could not get rid of the intruder by this means, he stopped in the middle of a sentence, turned round, and said, rabpingly; in that shrill voice of his : " What do you want ? State it quick, and state it in the fewest possible words 1" " Well," said the subscription fiend, 1 want a subscription, Mr. Greeley, to prevent thousands of my fellow human beings from going to hell." Said Mr Greeley : "I won't give you a oent. Ihere don't half enough go there now.'' Enamored S'vw.ih : " you, darling, 'I wad lay me doun and dee.'" Praotical Maiden : " That sort of thing is clear out of date, Willie. What a girl wants now-a-dayg js a man wh? ia willing to get up and hastle for her," It is always safe to learn even from our enemies—seldom sale to venture to Instruct even oiir friends. The story that Mr. Stanley is to receive £40,000 for nis acoount of his expedition for the rescue of Emin Pasha is, of course, a mistake. The mistake consists only of the addition of a oyyher, and the sum *hioh he is , be paid io iii 