jtogtellw. The Marchioness of the Four Corners. A CANADIAN 8TOBY. . Tho Marohioness of the Foiir Corners "was aroused from deep Blutaber by a loud drumming on thejail door. ' Her' ' . little room opened upon the jail kitchen. She found it handy, not .only for , the sake of the additional warmth of the hugo stove, but as being further away ' from tho jail, itsolf, of whioh she had a' wholesome terror ever Binoe a country-. . man of hers (" The Marohioness ' had first seen the light in Middlesex, England) died suddenly bh a somewhat rough scaffold in the jail yard. The countryman in' question, 'after "killing .'three men with an. axe,' and burning : two women to death with : the powerful aid' of , a kerosene, lamp,', pleaded '"hereditary insanity " when' brought to ' trial. ' V.".:'' In a new country V like Canada suoh pleas aro looked upon with marked dis- favor ; consequently the '.Englishman in question hod paid the "penalty of his crime. In his last moments,' however, having heard that '' the " The . Marohioness" was a countrywoman, of ' his,- and that she it ' was who prepared the delicate meals whioh softened , his. -captivity, tho murderer had requested the pleasure of her company at his obsequies. " The Marohioness," not daring to refuse this, delicate mark of appreciation, bat trembling with terror, had stood beside the freshly-dug grave . in one corner of the jail yard, holding a dog-eared Prayer-bdok . in , one . hand, . "borrowed for the occasion, anda blaok- borderod handkerchief in tho other, \- -thus adequately evinoingher respeot for "the deceased;" as she, ever after-: wardB called her oountryman." - Up to the . .time of that memorable occasion,- "The Marohioness,". slab- footed, angular, with' watery grey eyes, narrow, sloping shoulders,, and scanty wisps of hay-colored hair, had never known a- remnant of.romahce in tho twonty-one- years'. of her life; She hadbeen .pioked up by a philahthropio \- sooiety and shipped to Canada in the hope that there would be a space'for' her in that generous, , ample-bosomed country. When she reaohed the Four Corners, however, the' general opinion was that Canada - had no room for so "witless a orittur." "Tho Marohio ness" sat on her box at the eni of the wharf. "Oh; if you' please, take me to jail," was all she answered- in reply to the :questioning orowd. When' it was found that she had arrived at the Foiir Corners in a semi- publio capacity, as it \- were, i.e, — factotum and '-hired girl;'.' to cook for the jail staff and prisoners- general commiseration was felt for the. jailers and their lambs. "It's sorter playin' it low down on the pris'ners. "Why, the sight of that scrawny, tallow- faced, , ongoinly ..female ougnter fake away what little- appetite ' they've ; got left, "'said Abe Millar, as ho watohod \- " The Marohionoss"' disappear within the frowning gates of the jail; . " Tho Marohioness's apparent insen sibility 'at tho funeral of her' erring countryman (in reality, sue had been' almost beside herself with , fright) tend'e'd still loss' to"1 win for her'! the liking of Four Oornors' folks. She - was not; sociable; she kept herself to herself,; \- and, orowning sin of all, " never got any; fatter on all the good food; whioh she! . ate. During her brief holiday, "The, Marohioness'.' always strolled- away Into; the Bush in preference to mingling, with' the giddy crowd,, although it was popu larly rumoured that no mosquito would ' touohhor, no horse-fly-oast a passing i glance in ;hor direotiop.:r;8h0;fbad no -friends, no aims, no ambitions) no ' desires save to do her work and to be \- toff nlono.- She was; always grimy. Henoe her sobriquet of "The Marohio noss" by a facetious fellow-countryman ' who- once" stayed- with-'the EresbjrteHah; minister, - and . wont ; away deeply deprossed by.tho sight ofher uuparal- ted uglinoss; Folk from.toe.Baek Settlements had a lurking idea that she was- on English lady 'of, high degree: who was allowed' to' keep her title when bahished to -Canada, by tho English -Government on account of .her . " homely " appearance. \- " The,- Marchioness" - generally kept her temper! She lost, it once, however, when a denizen of the Bush, wishing to UUv himself with the English aristoc racy; had proposed' to her to share his frame-house and generally, desirable; if somewhat- primitive, ' lot. After .a brief oyolonio interval of impassioned" re proaches vfroin -the lady, hefound himV self fleeing , for dear life, hotly pursued by : ' The Marohioness" with a chopper. When called upon for an explanation of this' Berserker fury " The Marchio-. ness" had no explanation to offer. ' A ' blush of virgin modesty suffused , her thin, sallow cheeks, and: she, continued chopping suet with the weapon whioh had so affrighted her simple wooer, The - geiieral opinion ; was that . Zeke Fergusson had been' precipitate,- and that '" The Marchioness" had upheld the'honbf . of her; . anoient ., lineage in a highly beooming, if somewhat eocontric, manner. For the brief space of a week there was a revulsion of publio opinion in her favor, and it was during -that sunny' interval of popular esteem that the Four Corner " Hews" alluded to her ds " the lair denizen of a : sunUss, cliine who.now dwelt in nnobtrusive perennial usefulness within our -walls." "The Marohioness," Indifferent to this deli- cats compliment, however, refused to subsoribe : to ' the .paper, .and publio. opinion once more' veered ronnd and left her as. before— "Bomote, unfriended, melanoholy, slow." . . ; Raising. herself on one, elbow " The -Marchioness'' came , book to mundane : things with a horrid prevision that something unusual -was about to happen.'. , The ". noise continued. And above the hammering at the door she recognised the' Deputy, Sheriff's sten torian tones. Hastily slipping , oh her gown, and tying up her scanty looks with a piece of tape, " The Marohionoss," entered the hall. The. iron doors clanged open as Jailer Grange came into the corridor from the jail! .which crossed the house in the shape of the letter T. ".What' is it, Marohioness ?'"he-asked, not/ un kindly. ". Yon git back to Bed agin; or there won't be any '- breakfast to morrow." ... ' The, : Marohioness" ' nodded inex-. presBively. " It's the Deputy Sheriff," she said. " There's, somebody a-ffroanin' and a-moanin! 'nough to give yon the ohills. I- think there's been; a fight I". "Oh, you- think thar'e been a fight. We'll soon ' see about that; Sure ' the Sheriff's thar?" ' ' ' - ' ' "Yes," said " The Marchioness simply. " Can't you hear him, swear'?": -This: . wbb conolusivo testimony. Grange drew his ' revolver.. .." Hold the light; Marohioness. Maybe it's'aplant . to resoue. Tim Flannigan before, he goes 'to' .Kingston Penitentiary. Are you game to open the door ?" .« Yes,", said "The Marohioness ;" " they won't hurt mo.". . .. ! ; . She nnbarred the heavy, iron door as she spoke. .- " Who's thar J" demanded the Jailer. ' ''Me," said the Sheriff. .Then'! with a touch of professional pride, " and Slim Peto."., ...... '.' « The Marohioness"- nearly .; dropped her light- as she peered. out into -the darkness! hit the spring night, " They've, got him;", she-said to the Jailor. . - 1 ; " Yes, we've gothim," answered the Sheriff, from the darkness. 1 , . A thrill. of excitement- ran, through ' 'fThe. Marohioness's" passive nature'. She- peered - into -- the"aarkness,: again, Three'or'four'; menffstiroimcl A jprosi ;trtto'figure,! Wliloh they csaayed to lift, hut' wmob slipped .'from their grasp and rdneil''<lim0r Tb<on-'tta;.(p»ss£wheri' -it lay qhite still! !lv :'X \ \- "t A'hi'eeklwhlte :,m'pp,h! Struggled famuy Overthb!topa'.oi:tlie:tr'eM! : and; east a > libkerihg, nnoertain light oh the gronp.J - I "I'M. lift his heW," -saifd "the Sheriff ; "you take his heels/Wright ; Jim CtBB, '. : :: v ' I -.'-!" ' you run over to get.Dootor Diokinson." The men bore their limp burden ipto the ball, and let it slip in the same ex pressionless way an . the floor. . Blood ran from a wound in the: man's. side. His handsome face was Bickly white, the long black enris which hung round, making it paler than it really was.. And still that thin red stream welled up from the' wound and run across the floor. . " The Marohioness" put down the candle. "Lift him on that sofy," she commanded authoritatively, . She left . the hall, . and speedily returned with water and some, linen bandages. ' -One of the men undid, Slim Pete's white shirt. " The Marohioness gave a little gasp, as she . saw the gaping -wonnd caused by; the Sheriff's bowie. "Don't touch him," she said almost fiercely, as that worthy approaohed to survey his work with mournful, albeit, professional pride. " Leave him to me." ' Slim -. Pete opened his eyes and' faintly raised himself on one elbow. A shade of disappointment swept over- Jus face,' as he . saw the limp, lean Marchioness. " Well, Sheriff," he said, good-humouredly. " Got me at last ? It wasn't a fair fight in the dark." ' " You're eo slippery," the Sheriff- said,. apologetically, to his prisoner; " I had to knife yon, Pete, or you'd have gone off again." - The prisoner made a sigh to everyone except the Sheriff and " The Marohio ness". to retire.: " Come here," he said, faintlri'to the former, " Sheriff, there's no call to— to mention names .in this little scrimmage. If I peg out it's all right ; -if I don't; , yon can prove ' you caught me rcinhd toe settlement and arrested me for shooting Timber Jake last yesi on |Sight." ' "But," Baid toe Sheriff, confasedly, " how about the girl ? She sent me word yon was to meet her at Stimson's bush, and I 'lowed to oatoh yon thar." Slim Pete looked at the Sheriff with, a hazy scorn in his handsome eyes. , " You're dreaming, Sheriff," he said. "Dreaming. There's ho! girl in this business, so none of your darned foolish ness.. A nice thing it would be for a any girl afterwards if it was know she had given me , into your bloodthirsty hands." ' , \- A dawn'of comprehension. ' shone in the Sheriff's face. He and Slim Pete had been old friends before one became Sheriff and the other shot Timber Jake. He nbdded. " All right, - Pete," he- said; " Thar warn't no girl there."' . The other, gripped his. wrist. " For sure, old man," he said, anxiously. .' "For .sure," answered, the Sheriff, following up hie' euo. ' " 'Twas seoh a dark night it moiit ha Been a ghost or a doad tree I took' for Stim : " " Shut up," said Slim Pete. "This lady doesn't want to hear' any more of yonrliea." : - " Tho Marchioness" :nodded affirm atively, and motioned- the Sheriff to leave the room. As the dootor did not come, she made her patient comfortable -With pillows,- gave him - something ' pool ing to drink, shaded .the light, -and told 'him to go to sleep. f What's your name ?" ; asked 'the oaptive, with a groan. " " The Marohioness" ' struggled to re member. ; " Ellen Waters," she said at last. V. They call me '< The Marchio ness/" . \- " Permit me. to : thank .you, - Miss Waters, for your exertions on my behalf. Is there-' a watoh in 'my- waiat- coat ? Bripg it here." - ! ..'The : Marohioness"-' brought ; it to him; after .fumbling about. , among his clothes in the semi-darkhese. " Hero it is," Bho said wonderingly.. ; ' . ." Cojne a. little nearer," said Slim Pote.'. j The Marohioness" obeyed..;: - ' Slim Pete' throw toe long , chain of the watqh over her -soraggy-- neok. '." That's "fbr- yon," -he said, and sank baok nncbh'scious. ' , , Tha-'Me'rchioness felt a. strange thrill of pleasure at the touch' qf the- gold- ohain on her nook as she hastened to revive her' eccentric charge. 'Then she shaded; the light again, and laid- down on the floor beside her, patient, and wont to sleep. . v-:- ; _ > ClUTTEB II. Public opinion was strongly in favof ; ----- of " The Marohioness's" course of action as time. went on. Her unweairyV. ing care of Slim Pete grew, to be looked . upon by the - inhabitants of the Four .'.v .Corners as a delicate recognition qf a - diffident sense of indebtedness to.!; Canada and Canadians generally.. In - reply to too. jailer's offer to procure him : a hired nur3e. Slim Pete had somewhat roughly refused to allow anyone olse to minister to his wants. The handsome- . desperado . remarked, with a touch of irony, that no scandal could possibly arise under. tho circumstances, owing to "The Marohioness's" lack of porsonal charm and beiinty ; and also that as - this was probably toe last time whioh . anyone could have a ohanco of criticis ing him, -ho preferred to give frionds and foes alike as i; little opportunity as possible. .- ; . The Sheriff, who was sitting -m the room at tho time, nodded a cordial . acquiescence. . In his private capacity he mourned over Pete's approaching exit from this world with a very real sense of grief ; as Sheriff, he felt that . he deserved well.of the State ; but thess feelings wore rather conflicting at times, - and led him to wish that Pete hod escaped altogether. . As he crossod the Crcok on tho way home after his cus tomary chat with Slim Pete one aftor- noon, he was aware of a feminine figure slowly preceding him m the direction of Stimson's .pasture. \- The Sheriff frowned, and followed toe . lady-like figure in-; front as it daintily strolled along, a parasol shading Miss . Stimson's delicate complexion from the heat of the spring sun. Tho lady, with an affectation of in difference, almost, allowed him to nass her. -Then, she; turned her flashing - dark eyes, on him, and bowed. . The Sheriff, mindful of: past encounters with this handsome coquette was about to stroll by, but she stayed him with a light, touch of her gloved - hand. "How . is. yonr. .interesting v . . patient ?" she ; asked, in tones whioh she strove to render lofiy ohiil. -» - Tho Sheriff turned on her .fiercely " You ought to know," ho said ; . " it's . your doing his life's' noarly ended. All you womep are . alike. Doves one .. moment, and catamounts the next. You've ruined him. That fight with . , . - Timber Jake was all along of you ; and ; than beoause yon heard those lies about Pete and that widow at the Springs, yon set mo on his track. I wish I'd put a' : bullet through myself." She pointed: to a log. "Sit down," she said, imperiously, and too Sheriff, . . . . nnablo to-meot her fierce eyes, meekly did so. . " You've Bad the impertinence to oriticiso mo." she eaid. "Did- you - know I- was engaged to him?". . .. .; The Sheriff started. " You'vo'beon , engaged to half-a-dozen other foolB who- - believed in" you, V ha said bitterly. „ " Were't -'you one ol. toe fools your self ?" she asked; with an affectation of .-. endeavouring to remember, whiohmade .. him fiinob. -w " Likely enough," ho said, sullenly. "That's no 'reason I should -knxe ; Pete." . . - "i! had indisputable proof ho wa3 engaged t-6 a woman at too Baok Settle- . -ments. .Now, do you wonder- why I lured him down thro and told you of our meeting place? I. wanted to see. .him jailed— to repay scorn .-for scorn-rto 1 mako .hira'suffci; as I've suffered." ,.n (. . The Sheriff -.surveyed her nth a - \- curiouB smilo, -as shr sat on toe log, idly trioing a pattern in the soft moss -with the . point - of her parasol.; '.' So -that - was it ?" ho said - quietly, ." -Well, it v- -,a lie, . I've known Pete since lie was a . - v -boy.; and ho never bed to e. fnend or ' . .forgave un enemy. . -Your name was on -his lips tvhcli I knifed hini ; and now - - ; - he's dying, - yon" ought . to be the miser- V- .: ablest woman in the Four Corners, for it's all your work." , ' v. :: ,. Her oheoks blanched slightly, as she ! realised tjio evil Vher ungovernable toin- 'per and mischief had brought to Slim .. Pete. But, with feminine inconsistency, ; !': there was n'gldd lightin her oyes also. He had not been untrue to her after, all. V j '' Are you sure he'ldie ?" she asked. \- Tho Sheriff roughly shook off her ' entreating touch. ' ' V . . , If he don't die at my hands lie 'dies; V,at,,tho hands of the law for -killing ! . 1 Timber Jake last -year. You know ;.«,vv .whose work that was I Doc. Dikihson r, ' says he can't last mora'n a couple . of . days." Ho looked at her savagely. , again, and then glanced despairingly :i';-:;.ioiind;on the soft beauty of the scene.. ; - - . .f' To think he's got to leavo all . (his. ' ' ! through you and mol" ho said, slowly, i-v.: ; vJiis', stolid nature stirred to depths, of bitterest grief. ." All through yog and v. Ome. - Tho cleverest little cuss in the " wdrltf, settled by his best friend and bis '.'best girl." ' She did not notice his vehemence, tjij but slowly sat down again as if thinking! . . out' the situation in , all. its,': hideous /;©:'! reality;!! . : :-V .:'a " Will you take him a message from. BUU UOttCU. WUJ . lll'.bUUJO.W : V y him to-morrow evening, I'd come, to- V: night, ' only he must be propared/for ' : '/.what I'm going to do," She. scribbled : a few lines on a slip of paer;;. and handed it to the Sheriff. " Give him ; ' . .that;", and before the Sheriffs, could . . . .protest she had glided away , into . the; '.' cool-depths of the bush. "/M" To, be . Continued. "? .; 