THE TRAGEDY OF CATHERON ROYALS. [By the Autiiou of 'Paumka List, is,' ' KATirenraii's Vekgeance,' &c.;] PART II. CHAPTER XIX. Edith Darrcll stood at the window until the j last sound of the wheels died away, and for j long after. A strange silence^ seemed to have fallen upon the great house with the going of its mistress. In the embrasure of the window iu the dim blue starlight, the girl sat down to think. There was some mystery involving the murder of the late Lady Catheron, at | work here, she felt. Grief for the loss of his .- wife might have driven Siv Victor Catheron | mad, but why malcesucu a prorouuu suulcu ui it. Why give out that he was dead ? Why allow his son to step into the title before his time ? If Juan Catheron were the murderer, Juan Catheron, the outlaw and pariah of his family, why screen him as though he had been the idol and treasure of all, and let the dead go unavenged ? W h y this strange terror on the J part of Lady Helena? Why her insufferable . aversion to her nephew marrying at all ? Yes, there was something hidden, some thin'' on the cards not yet brought to light ; and to the death-bed of Sir Victor Catheron ! the elder, Sir Victor Catheron the younger had been summoned to hear the whole truth. Would he tell it to her upon his return ? she wondered. Well, if Jie did not, she had ? no right to complain — she had her secret from him. There was madness, in the family — she shrank a little at the thought for the first time. Who knew, whether latent and unexpected, the taint might not be in the blood and brains of the man to whom ? she was about to bind herself for life P who was to tell when it might break forth, in what horrible shape ifc might show itself ? To be the widowed wife of a madman— what ? wealth and title on earth could compensate j for that? She shivered as she sat, partly with with the chill night air, partly with the horror of the thought. In her youth, and wealth, and beauty, her predecessor had been struck down, the bride of another Sir Victor. So long she sat there that a clock up in the lofty turret struck, heavily and solemnly, twelve, .- The house was as still as the grave all shut up, except this room where she sat, all retired, except her maid and the butler. They yawned sleopily, and waited for. her to retire. Chilled and white, the girl arose at last, took her night-light, and went slowly up to bed. ' Is the game worth the candle, after all ?' she thought. ' Ah, me ! what a miserable, vacillating creature I am. Whatever comes — the worst or best — there is nothing for it now but to go on to the end.' Meantime, through the warm, starry night, the train was speeding on to London, bearing Sir Victor Catheron to the turning point of his life. He and his aunt had their carriage all to themselves. Still in dead silence, still with that pale, terrified look on her face, Lady Helena' lay back in a corner among the ?cushions. Once or twice her nephew spoke to her — the voice in which she answered him hardly sounded like her own. He drew his cap over his eyes, lay back in the opposite scat, and dozed and dreamed of Edith. In the chill, gray light ot an overcast morn ing, they reached Easton station. A sky like brown paper lay over the million roofs of the great Babylon ; a dull, dim fog, that stifled you, fill ed the air. The fog and raw cold were more like November than the last month of summer. Blue and shivering in the chill light, Sir Victor buttoned up his light overcoat, assisted his aunt into a cab, and gave the order : ' St. John's Wood. .Drive for your life !' Lady Helena knew Poplar Lodge, of course ; once in the vicinity, there would be no trouble in finding it. Was he still alive ? the young man wondered. How strange seemed the thought that he was about to see his father at last. It was like seeing the dead return. Was ho sane, and would lie know him when they inet? Tlie overcast morning threatened rain ; it began to fall slowly and dismally as they drove along. The Londou streets looked unutterably draggled and dreary, seen at this early hour of the wet morning. The cab-driver urged his horse to its utmost speed, and presently .the broad green expanse and tall trees of Regent's Park came in view. Lady Helena gave the man his direction, and in ten minutes hey stopped before the tall, closed iron gates ul -i huuuu-y vniii. it was .ropiar .bodge. The .baronet paid tho man's fare and dis missed him. He seized tho gate-bell and rang a peal that seemed to tinkle half a mile away. While he waited, holding an umbrella over his aunt, he surveyed the premises. It was a gruesome, prison-like place enough at this forlorn hour. Tlie stone walls were as high as his head, the view between the lofty, iron gates was completely obscured by trees.' ? Of the jiouse itself, except tho chimney-pots and the curling smoke, not a glimpse was to \- be had. And for threo-and-twenty years Inez Catheron had buried herself alive here, with a madman and two old servants ! Ho shuddered internally as ho thought of it— surely, never devotion or atonement equalled hers. They waited nearly ten minutes in the rain ; then a shambling footstep shambled down the path, and an old faco peered out between tlie fcrellised iron- work. ' Who is it ?' an old voice asked. . It. is I, Hooper. Sir Victor and I. Por ® sake, don't keep us standing' liore intlio ram! 'My lady! Praise lie !' A key turned in tho lock, the gate swuno' wide, and .an aged, white-haired man stood bowing before lady Helena. ' Are wo in time?' was her. first breathless question. Is your master still- ? ' 1 'Still alive, my lady — praise and thanks j be ! Just-in time and no more.' : The dim old eyes of Hooper wero fixed upon the young man's face. ' Like his father,' the old lips said, and the old head shook ominously ; ' morc's the pity — like his father.' Lady Helena took her nephew's arm and hurried him under the dripping trees, up the avenue to the house. Five minutes brought them to it — a red brick villa, its _ shutters all closed. The house door stood ajar ; without ceremony, her ladyship entered. As she did so another door suddenly opened, and Inez Catheron came out. . The fixedly pale face could by no possibility grow paler — could by no possibility change its marble calm. But the deep, dusk eyes looked at the young man, it seemed to him, with an infinite compassion. ' Wo arc in time ?' liis aunt spoke. 'You are in time. In one moment you shall see .him. There is not a second to lose, and he knows it. He has begged you to be brought to him the moment you arrive. 'He knows, 'then. Oh, thank God ! Reason has returned at last. Reason has returned. Since yesterday he was perfectly sane. His first words were that his son should be sent for, that the truth should be told.' There was a half-suppressed sob. Lady Helena covered her face -with both hands. Her nephew looked at her, then looked back to Miss Catheron. The white face kept its calm ; the pitying eyes looked at , him with a gentle compassion no words can tell. ' 'Wait one moment,' she said ; ' I must tell liim you are here.' She hurried up the stairs and disappeared. Neither of the two spoke. Lady Helena's face was still hidden. He knew that she was crying — silent, miserable tears — tears that were for him. He stood pale, composed; expectant — waiting for the end. ' Come up,' Miss Catheron's soft voice at the head of the stairs called. Once more he gave his aunt his arm ; once more in silence they went in together. A breathless hush seemed to lie upon the house and all within it. Not a sound was to bo heard except the sow ruswe oi vuv the soft, ceaseless patter of the summer rain. In that silence, they entered the chamber where the dying man lay. To the hour of his own death, that moment and all he saw was photographed indelibly upon Victor Catheron's mind, ' he dim gray light of tho room, the great white bed in the centre, and the awfully corpse-like face of the man lying among the pillows, Mia gazing at him with hollow, spectral eyes. His father — at last ! . _ He advanced to the bedside as though under a spell. The spectral blue eyes were fixed upon him steadfastly, the pallid lips slowly opened and spoke. ' Like me as I was like me. Ethel's son.' 'My father!' ?He was on his knees— a great awe upon him. It was the first time in his young life he had been in the presence of death. And the dying was his father, and his father whom he had never seen before. - ' Like me,' the faint lips repeated ; ' my face, my height, my name, my age ! Like me ! Oh, God, will his end be like mine,?' A thrill of horror ran through all his hearers. His son strove to take 3iis hand; it was withdrawn. A frown wrinkled the pallid brow. 'Wait,' he said, painfully. 'Don't touch me; don't speak to me. Wait. Sit down; don't kneel there. You don't know what you arc about to hear. Inez, tell him now.' She closed the door— still with that change less face — and locked it. It seemed as though, having suffered so much, nothing had power to move her outwardly now. She placed a chair for Lady Helena away from the bed — Lady Helena, who had stood aloof and not spoken to the dying man yet. She placed a chair for Sir Victor, and motioned him to seat himself, then drew another close to the bedside, stooped, and kissed the dying man. Then in a voice that never faltered, never failed, she began tho story she had to tell. ?# . * # ??*. * Half an hour had passed. The story was told, and silence reigned in the darkened room. Lady Helena still sat, with averted face, in her distant seat, not moving, not look ing up. The dying man still' lay, gazing weirdly upon his son, death every second drawing nearer and more near. Inez sat holding his hand, her pale, sad face, her dark pitying eyes turned also upon his son. That son has risen. He stood np in the centre of the room, with a white, stunned face. What was this he had heard ? Was ho asleep and dreaming ? — was it all a horrible, ghasty delusion ? — wore they mocking him ? or — oh! gracious God, was it true ? ' Let me out !' They were his first words. ' I can't breathe — I am choking in this room ! I shall go mad if you keep me here !' He staggered forward, as a drunken or a blind man might stagger, to tho door. He unlocked it, opened it, passed out into the passage and down the stairs. His aunt fol lowed him, her eyes streaming, her hands outstretched. Victor — my boy — my son — my darling! Victor — for the love of Heaven, speak to mo !' But he only made a gosturo for her to stand: back, and went on. ' Keep away from me !' he said, in a stifled voice ; ' let me think ! Leave me alone !— I can't speak to you yet!' He went forward, out into tho wet day light. His head was bare ; his overcoat was off ; tho rain beat unheeded upon him. What was this — what was this he had hoard. ? He paced up and down under the trees. The moments passed. An hour went; he neither know nor cared. He was stunned— stunned body and soul — too stunned oven to think. His mind was in a chaos, an awful horror had fallen upon him ; lie must wait before thought would come. While lie still paced there' as a stricken animal might, a great cry reached him. Then a womanVflying figure came down the path. It was his aunt. . ' Gome — come — come !' she cried ' I:Ie is dying !' - She drew him with .her by main force into the house— up the stairs — into tho chamber of death. But Death had been there before them. i -a n'ai1 % npon the bed now, rigid and white. A second cry arose — a cry of almost more than woman's - woe. And with it, Inez Oatlieron clasped the dead man in her arms,! ^covered liis face with Jior raining tears. ? son stood beside her like a figure of stone, gaziug down at that marble faco. For the first time in his life lie was Sir Victor Lathoron. CHAPTER XX. HOW THE WEDDING DAY BEGAN. Six days later, Sir Victor Catheron and his aunt came home. These s.x days had passed very quietly, very pleasantly, to Edith. She was not in the least lonely ; the same sense of relief iu her lover, s absence was upon her as she had felt at Torquay. It seemed to her she breathed freer when a few score miles lay be tween them. She had her pot books and music, and she read and played a great deal ; and she had her long, solitary rambles through the leafy lanes and quiet roads, her long drives in the little pony phaeton her future husband had given to her. Sometimes, Lady Gwendoline was her companion ; of tener she was quite alone. She was not at all unhappy now ; she was just drifting passively on to the end. She had chosen and was quietly abid ing by her choice ; that was all. She caught herself thinking sometimes, that since she felt so much happier and freer in Sir Victor's absences, how was she going to endure all the years that must be passed at his side ? No doubt she would got used to him after a while, as wo grow used and reconciled to everything earthly. One circumstance rather surprised lier ; during those six days of absence she reocived but one note from her lover. She had counted at least upon the post fetching her one or two per day, as when at Torquay, but this tinie he wrote her but once. An odd, incoherent, hur ried sort of note, too — very brief and unsatis factory, if she had had much curiosity on the subject of what was going on at St. John's Wood. But she had not. Whether his father lived or died, so that he never inter fered with her claim to the title of Lady Catheron in the future, Miss Darrcll cared very little. This hurried note briefly told her. his father had died on the day of their arrival ; that by his own request, the burial place was Kensal Green, not the Catheron vaults ; that the secret of his life and death was still to be kept inviolate ; and that (in this part of the note ho grew impassionedly earnest) their marriage was not to be postponed. On the third of Octobor, as all had been arranged, it was still to take place. No other note fol lowed. If Miss Darrell had been m love with her future husband, -this profound silence mnst have wounded, surprised, grieved her. But she was not in love. He must be very much occupied, she carelessly thought, since he could not find time to drop her a daily bulletin — then dismissed the matter indifferently from her mind. Late in the evening of the sixth day Sir Victor and Lady Helena returned home. Edith stood alone awaiting them, dressed in black silk, and with soft white lace and ruby ornaments, and looking very handsome. Her lover rushed in, and caught her in his arms, with a sort of rapturous, breathless de light. ' My love ! my life !' he cried ; ' every hour has been an age since I said good-by !' She drew herself from him. Sir Victor in the calm, courteous character of aperfectly un demonstrative suitor, she tolerated. Sir Victor, in the role of Romeo, was excessively distaste ful to her. She drew herself out of his arms, coldly and decisively. 'I am glad to see you back, Sir Victor.' But the stereotyped words -of welcome fell chill on his. ear. ' You are not looking well. I am afraid you have been very much harassed since you left.' Surely, he was not looking well. In those, six days he had grown more than six years older. He had lost flesh and colour; there was an indescribable something in his face and expression she had never seen before. More had happened than the death of the father he had never known to alter him like this. She looked at him curiously. Would he tell her ? He did not. Not looking at her, with his eyes fixed, moodily, on the wood-fire smoulder ing on the hearth, he repeated what his letter had already said. His father had died the morning of their arrival in London; they had buried him, quietly and unobtrusively, by his own request, in Kensal Green Cemetery ; no one was to be told and the wedding was not to be postponed. All this he said as a man repeats a lesson learned by rote — his eyes never once meeting hers. She stood silently by, looking at him, listen- 1 ing to him. ' ? i Something lay behind, then, that she was not to know. Well, ifc made them quits — she .didn't care for the Catheron family secrets ; if it were something unpleasant, as well not : know. If Sir Victor told her, very. well; if not, very well .also. She cared little either i way. ' Miss Catheron remains at St. John's Wood': I suppose ?' she inquired, indifferently, fcel-'| ing in the panse that ensned she must say- something. \ ' She remains — yes — with lier two old ser vants, for tho present. I believe her ultimate; intention is to go abroad.' ' She will not return to Cheshohu ?' ;? A spasm of pain crossed his faco there was, a momentary contraction of the musclcs of: liis mouth. i ' She will not return to Cliesholm, All her life she will lie under the ban of murder.' ' And she' is innocent ?' . ;? He looked up at her — a' strange, hunted, tortured sort of look. . ' Sho is innocent.' As he made the answer, he turned abruptly away. Edith asked no more questions. The: secret of his mother's murder was a secret sho was not to hear. Lady Helena did riot make her appearanco at all in the lower rooms that night. Next day, at luncheon, she came down, and Edith was honestly . shocked at the chango in her. From a hale, handsome, stately, upright,' elderly lady, she had become in tho past week, a feeble old woman. Her step had grown un certain ; her hands trembled ; deep lines of trouble were scored on her palo faco ; hor eyes rarely wandered lc*;- from h.ir nephew's face,' Her voicc took . a softer, tenderer tone when she addressed him — she had al ways loved him dearly, but never so dearly, it would seem, as-' now. The change in Sir Victor was more in1 marnjer than in look. A feverish impatience and restlessness appeared to liavo taken pos session of him ; 'ho wandered about the houso and in and out like some restless ghost. From' .Powyss Place to Cathoron Royals, from, Catheron Royals to Powyss Place he vibrated like a human pendulum. It set Edith's nerves on edge only to watch him. At other periods, a moody gloom would fall upon him, then for hours he sat brooding, broodiuo-, ! with knitted brows and downcast eyes, lost in his own dark, secret thoughts. Anion his spirits would rise to fever lioights, and he would laugh and talk in a wild, excited way that fixed Edith s dark, wond ori ] i (r eyes solemnly , on ^is flushed face. ° 1 With it all, in whatever mood, ho could not bear lier out of his sight. Ho haunted her like a shadow, until it grew almost into lerable. He sat for hours, while she worked, or played, or read, not speaking, not stirring — his eyes fixed upon lier, and she, who had never been nervous, grew horribly nervous under this ordeal. Was Sir Victor losing liis wits ? Now that his insano father was dead and buried, did he feel it incumbent upon him to keep up the family reputation, and follow in that father's footsteps ? And the days wore on, and the first of October came. The change in the young baronet grew more marked with eachxlay. Ho lost the power to eat or sleep ; far into' night he walked his room, as though some horrible Nemesis were pursuing him. He failed to the very shadow of himself ; ye#, when Lady Helena,' in fear and trembling, laid her hand upon his arm, and faltcringly begged him to see a physician he shook her off with an angry irritability quite foreign to his usual gentle temper, and bade her, imperiously, to leave him alone, 1 The sccond of October came ; to-morrow would be the wedding-day. The old feeling of-.vagueness and unreality Had come back to Edith. Something would liappen — that was the burden of her thoughts. To-morrow was the wedding day, but the wed ding would- never take place. She walked through the glowing, beautiful rooms of Catheron Royals, through the grounds and gardens, bright with gay, autumnal flowers — a home luxurious enough for a young duchess —and still that feeling of unreality was there. A grand place, a noble home, but she would never reign its mistress. The cottage at Car narvon had been weeks ago engaged, Sir Vic tor's confidential servant already established there, awaiting the coming of the bridal pair ; but she felt she would never see it. Upstairs, in all their snowy, shiny .splendour, the bridal robe and veil lay ; when to-morrow came would she ever put them on, sho vaguely wondered. And still she was not unhappy. A sort of Apathy had taken possession of her ; she drif ted on calmly to the end. What was written, was written ; what would be, would bo. Time enough to wake from hei dream when the time of waking came. The hour fixed for the ceremony was eleven o'clock ; the place, Chesholm Church. The bridesmaids would arrive at ten — the Earl of Wroatmore, the father of the ladies Gwen doline and Laura Drexel, was to give the bride away. They would return to Powyss Place, and eat the sumptuous breakfast — then off and away to the pretty town in Nor th Wales . That was the programme. ' When to-morrow comes,' Edith thinks, as she wanders about the house, ' will it be carried out ?' It chanced that on the bridal eve, Miss Darrell was attacked with headache and sore throat. She had lingered heedlessly out in the rain the day before (one of her old bad habits to escape from Sir Victor, if the truth must be told), and paid the natural penalty next day. It would never do to be hoarse as a raven on one's wedding-day, so Lady Helena insisted on a wet napkin round the throat, a warm bath, gruel, and early bed. Willingly enough, the girl obeyed — too glad to have this last evening alone. Immediately after dinner she bade adieu to her bridegroom-elect, and went away to her own rooms. ( The short October day had long ago dark ened down, the curtains were drawn, a fire Ivnrned, the candles were lighted. She took tlie'-bath, the gruel, the wet napkin, and let herself be tucked up in bed. 'Romantic,' she thought, with a laugh at herself, 'for a bride.' Lady Helena — was it a presentiment of what was so near? — lingered by her sidelong that evening, and, at parting, for the first time took her .in her arms and kissed her. ' Good-night, my child,' the tender tremu lous tones said. ' I pray you make him happy —I pray that he may make you.' I She lingered yet a little longer — her heart seemed full, her eyes were shining through tears. Words seemed trembling on her lips —words she had not courage to say. For :Edith, surprised and moved, she put her arms round the kind old neck, and laid lier face for a moment on the genial old bo^som, j ,;t 'I will try,' she whispered, ' dear, kind : Lady Helena— indeed, I will try to be a good i and faithful wife.' } One last kiss, then they parted; the door closed behind her, and Edith was alone. :-? She lay, ds usual, high up among the billowy pillows, her hands clasped above her head, her dark, dreaming eyes fixed on the fire. She iooked as though she was thinking, but she was not. Her mind was-simply a blank. She was vaguely and idly watching the flicker ing shadows cast by'the firelight on the wall, .the gleam of yellow moonlight shimmering itlirough the curtains ; listening to tho faint 'sighing' of the night wind, the ticking of the little fanciful clock, to the pretty plaintive -tunes it played before it 'struck the hours. fNine, ten, eleven: — she heard them all, as she lay there, broad awake, neither thinking nor stirring. - Her maid came in for hor last orders ; she bade the girl, good night, and told her to go to bed — she wanted nothing more. Then again sho was alone. But now a restlessness, :as little to bo understood as her former list less apathy, took hold of her. She could not lie there and sleep; she could not lie there awake. As the clock chimed twelve,, she started up in bed in a sudden panic. Twelve ! A new day— her wedding-day ! Impossible to lie there quiet any longer. She sprang up, locked her door, and began, in her long, white night- robe, pacing up and down. ' So another hour passed. One ! One from tho little Swiss musical clock ; one, solemn and sombre, from the big clock up in the tower. , Then she stopped — stopped in thought ; then she walked to one of her boxes, and took out a writing-case, al ways kept locked. With a key attached to her neck she opened it, seated herself beforo a tabic, and drew forth a package of letters and a picture. The picture was tho handsome photographed face of Charley Stuart, the let ters, tho letters lie had written her to Sandy point. Sho began with the first, and read it slowly through — then the next, aud so on to tho end. There wore over a dozen in all, and tolerably lengthy. As sho finished and folded up the last, she took up the picture, and gazed at it long and earnestly, with a strangely dark, intent look. How handsome ho was ! How well ho photographed !' Thatwas her thought. She had seen him so often, with just this ex pression, looking- at her.- His pleasant, lazy, I half- sarcastic voico was in her car, sayin'g something coolly impertinent — his gray, half smiling, half-c;, nical. eyes were looking life like up at her. What was ho doing °now ? Sleeping calmly, no doubt— she forgotten, as sho deserved to bo. When to-morro w came, would he by auy clianco remember it was her 1 wedding-day, and would tho romombrance cost him a pang ? She laughed at horsolf for tho sentimental question — Charley Stuart feel a pang for lior, or any other earthly woman ? No, ho was immersed in business, no doubt, ; head and cars, soul and body ; absorbed in ; dollars and cents, and retrieving in some way ! his fallen fortunes — Edith Darrcll dismissed j contemptuously, as a cold-blooded jilt, from his memory. Well, so she had willed it — she ha.d no right to complain. With a steady hand, sho tied up the letters and replaced tliem in the desk. The picture followed. ' Good by, Charley,' sho said, with a sort of smile. She could no moro have destroyed those souvenirs of tho past than she could have cut off her right hand. Wrong, you say, and shake your head. Wrong, of course ; but when has Edith Darrell done right — when have I pictured her to you in any favourablo light ? As long as she lived, and was Sir Victor's wife, sho would never look at them again ; but de stroy them — no, she could not do that. Six ! As she closed and locked the writing case the hour struck ; abroad, bright svnburst flashed in and filled the room with yellow glory. Tho sun had risen cloudloss and brilliant at last on her weddiiig-day. (To bo continued.') 