The Mayor and Councillors McRobert and Cullen have been given the opportunity of opening up a new era for Williamstown, and if they do their best to carry out the important mission thathas been entrusted to them by the Town Council, they can hardly fail in achieving success. It too often happens that Councillors regard the few hours required to attend to the fortnightly and committee meetings of the municipality as the beginning, the middle, and the end of their duties; but the preliminary work which would be necessary to make a vigorous onslaught on the Harbor Trust in claiming tha Williamstown be made a free port, as far as all duties except protective duties are concerned, would be something very different indeed, and we can only hope that the three gentlemen who have taken up the battle—for a battle with the Harbor Trust, is certain if they mean i'-itsiness—are fully prepared for the ..Ostades which vested interests will throw in their way. If the present opportunity be used to form an offensive and defensive alliance with some of the large city firms, who are now calling loudly for relief from the shackles which the Harbor Trust has wound round them, an incalculable amount of good will result. We have, as the Age of Wednesday last very pertinently put it, two rival routes to the city; one is the water route, worked at an enormous loss by the Harbor Trust, as the dredging of it alone cos s £22,000 per “annum; and the other is the railway route, and of the two, it is to the interest of the colony that the latter should be used, being the cheapest and most profitable. It is necessary to overcome the prejudice that may be urged against the railways, and to point out that the freight has been almost voluntarily reduced by one and sixpence per ton, and might with an increase of traffic be reduced still more with advantage to all parties. The Harbor Trust is weak and tottering; it is unable to pay the interest on the works which were begun in folly, and carried on with extravagance. Therefore it cannot give the relief to shippers which the Chamber of Commerce requires, and which is no doubt urgently needed. The only hope of the Harbor Trust is to bleed the Government, by laying hands on the whole of the wharfage revenue and paying none to the Government. This kind of thing should never be tolerated in this country, ^eeipg that l\y foregoing all 'claim to a share in the Harbor Trust, revenue, the Government would be proclaiming that the Railway pier, the Breakwater pier, and all the other valuable works constructed by the Government were to return no interest whatever to the state. Surely the revenue earned from piers erected by the Government should go into the public Treasury, and not into the coffers of the Harbor Trust to pay for useless and unnecessary works which were consistently described in these columns as stupid and reckless, and were regarded as such by impartial judges. Let the Harbor Trust bear its own burdens or else give up the ghost. Long before the free port scheme was mooted, we recommended that wharfage rates on the bay piers be abolished in the interest of railway revenue. As faithful stewards of t he revenue of the department, the Rail way Commissioners are bound to support the railway route as opposed to the river route to Melbourne. Something would be gained by enlist ing their support. Then Mr Bryon Moore, the German Consul, the President of the Chamber of Commerce, and the warehousemen of Flinders Laue should all give in their support to the railway route. "When the sub-committee has completed its labors and obtained, if necessary, a report from some man of standing as to the advantages of making Williams town a free port, a conference should be held in order that those interested in the city should be shown whence the relief they desire may be expected to come. If it were held in the Melbourne Town Hall before repre sentatives of the Chamber of Commerce, the members for the district in both houses of Parliament, the free port scheme would be discussed before those most interested essential to success. The fact that Mr Bryon Moore has spoken out as he has, shows that city influence can be obtained to advocate a free port, and if the sub-committee would make their mission more of a city than a Williamstown one, they would overcome the main difficulty. There are really no practical difficulties whatever in the way, but on the contrary' many reasons why the wharfage space provided by the Government should be turned to practical use. It would be easy to obtain convincing evidence to satisfy merchants who are now groaning under wharfage charges of 4s. and 5s. in Melbourne as compared to is. 8d. in Sydney, that a saving would be affected by using the bay piers. Once they are convinced that this is so, the rest will be easy. The Harbor Trust cannot help the merchants, and it will therefore be necessary to go over the head of that body to Parliament. The Mayor has entered with enthusiasm into the work which has been submitted to Couneillois McRobert, Cullen and himself in reference to the port charges, and is hopeful that something practical will be the result of it. He has been devoting a good deal of time and attention to this subject since he has been mayor, and personally he thoroughly believes that a free port is the proper thiug for thp colony at *the present time. He in tends to treat the subject from a natural and not a local standpoint, and with that end in view, effurts will be made to enlist the support of city men who are known to be favorable to the free port scheme. In the Assembly during the discussion on the estimates, Mr Styles remarked that he was sure that every honorable member would be only too glad if the estimates of the Defence department could be cut down ; and there was no doubt that the G over oment would be able to see their way clear to strike off a considerable amount next year. A compiaiut had been made to him by some members of the permanent force, that with in the last few months a cheeseparing retrenchment had been carried out. Some of the men were now receiving half-pay. he ^ referred to. the naval force, and he believed that this was the only naval force in which such a thing was done. The saving that was made in this way was not worth speaking about. He believed that it amoun ted to lees than £103 a year. There was nothing in the saving, ic caused a great deal of irritation, and he trusted that it would not be insisted upon. The Government lost nothing when a man was absent on siok leave, as his comrades did his work. The Harbor Trust has not yet been called upon to consider the urgent necessity of replacing the pickets tom from the fence enclosing the Nelson place reserve. The Town Council some time ago proposed to plant the whole reserve with trees, but stipulated as a consideration that the reserve should be vested in the Council. That was a course, however, which the trust could not see its way to adopt, having regard to the value of the block. If the Council had undertaken to continue the planting from the Customs House corner, where a large tree now stands inside the reserve, along the Nelson place frontage if the Harbor Trust would repair the fence, we think the proposal would be more likely to lead to business being done. Mr James Elvins, head teacher of the Central State School, who was under transfer to Prahran, resumed his position here at the reopening of the school on Monday last. Mr Elvins did so at his own request. As stated in the Advertiser before the Christmas breakup, it was anticipated that any school with an average attendance of less than 1000 would be reduced to the second class under Mr Peacock’s bill, and this would reduce the Central State School to the second class> hence Mr Elvins’ desire to be transferred. But the bill really entitles any school with an average attendance of S00 to rank in tho first class, and this enables Mr Elvins to retain his position without prejudice to his classification. A revision court will sit on Friday next to revise the general ratepayers’ lists for this electorate. We need not remind residents of the' necessity of putting on their clocks twenty minutes at or before midnight on the 31st instant, in accordance with the standard time bill, ^ It is proposed to drop the time ball at Williamstown and give all public time signals on and after the 1st February according to standard time, and this will be a {distinct advantage to our mariners, for the difference between Greenwich time and standard time will be 10 hours exactly, in stead of 9h. 39min. olsec. as before, and it will be the same whether they use the time balls at Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, or Hobart, as all these places will have uniform time after the date mentioned. The police band rendered a select pro* gramme of sacred music at the Botanical Gardens on Sunday afternoon in the presence .'of a great crowd of persons. A collection was made during the afternoon for the local Hospital and responded to very liberally. Arrangements were made by the Town Council to prevent damage to the paths and proved effective. The want of communication with the beach is still felt and now that the Gardens Coinniitte has started, it is hoped that it will recommend a large gate at the corner nearest the Beach. The member for Williamstown has been generally acknowledged to have delivered the best speech during the railway debate ou Monday last. Mr Murray, the witty member for Warrnambool, spoke as follows: —Houorable members had now been sitting for nine hours discussing this question, and they were just as far off a solution of it as if they were at the beginning. Having listened to the speeches of the honorable members’for Williamstown and Daylesford, he thought there was very little which could be added by other honorable members to the general knowledge of the subject. The two speeches he referred to wpre addresses which the honorable members who delivered them could fairlyr be complimented upon. He hoped that those speeches would not merely educate the members of the House, but the people of the country ; and he almost hoped they would have an educational effect upon the press of the colony, because those two honorable members had taught him more that evening thau he had been able to gather from an impartial perusal of various organs of the press. If honorable members had adjourned, and had none away to digest the splendid matter afforded them by the speeches of those honorable members, it would have beeu the wisest thing they could have done. Tile steamer Gulf of Bothnia will arrive to-morrow from Sydney with 116 head of cattle ou board for the Engti h market. An expert from London has supervised the shipment and intends to have cattle boats similar to those running bettyen Boston and Liverpool, and capable of carrying 900 head of cattle, introduced into the Australian trade. The industryis of local importance, as the Compressed Fodder Company at No. 5 shed in the railway reserve has been established mainly as an export industry and it is found that the fodder is the best food that can be^given on shipboard and is less expensive to carry than any other food of the same class. Mr E. H. Kirk by has been engaged for some time in fitting up an ingenious system of alarms adopted by the Metropolitan Fire Brigades’ Board at several fire stations in the metropolitan area. He is now connecting the North Melbourne station with the other stations fitted up, and Williamstowu will be the next one to receive attention. The board are much pleased with the efficiency of the new service, aud as Mr Kirk by had to manufacture some of the parts required at his own premises, aud the board was unable to obtain them elsewhere in the colony, the efficiency of the service provided is the more creditable to him The treasurer of the Williamstown Hos pital desires to acknowledge the receipt of the following contributions with thanks :— Pilot Craig, £1 Is; Pilot Ashford, £1 Is. Mr Iv. B. Barnes has been elected to repre sent the Friendly Societies Association on the Hospital Committee, vice Mr Leonard resigned. Messrs Davies and Co’s drapery advertise ment appears in another column. A grand concert is advertised to be held in the Congregational Church on Wednesday, February 6th. The programme, which consists of uinetcen items, includes Messrs D. L. Robie, S. Heatnershaw and Master _Janies_X,ee- HW—snnranok .besides .the brst iocar talent. xhe^ticketa are one smiling. 