KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIX. Miss Herncastle was reading—she was alone. Major Frankland took off his crush hat, all his flurry and guilt written legibly on his usual placid face. '' Aw, Miss Herncastle, how do ? Is—aw—is my lady at home ?'' ''My lady is not at home, Major Frankland ; and if she had been''--Miss Herncastle's large, grave eyes looked at him meaningly--''you are the last person she would have expected to see at Scarswood this afternoon.'' ''Then you know ?'' ''I know all about the note, warning you not to appear here until after the masquerade. My lady is absent today, with Lady Cecil and Miss O'Donnell, at an archery party at Morecambe, and Sir Peter is in close attendance. Do you think it wise to run counter to my lady's commands in this fashion?'' ''Miss Herncastle, I-- I' m not going. I've promised the earl. He's told me all about the little baronet's flare up, and threats, and all that nonsense, if Lady Dangerfield accompanies me to the masquerade. he party will be a very pleasant party, no doubt, as parties go; but it isn't worth all that, and I'm not the sort of man to make family trouble. The earl wanted me to write an excuse, but I ain't clever at that sort of thing. Gin--Lady Dangerfield--will be deuced angry, no doubt, and you'll deliver it, and take my part as well as you can, Miss Herncastle, hey ?'' With vast hesitation, many paused, numberless ''aw's'' and ''er's,'' much pulling of the auburn moustache, the major got out this speech. The lurking smile of amusement in Miss Herncastle's eyes he did not see. '' Major Frankland's sentiments do him honour. Sir Peter is certainly rampant on this point, and unpleasantly in earnest. Here is my book, Major Frankland : it will serve as a desk to write your note.'' ''And — aw — you think my lady will make no end of a row, don't you, Miss Herncastle ?'' the major asked, wistfully. '' I think she will be annoyed, beyond doubt. You see, the dress is very pretty ; she has quite set her heart upon going, and opposition has only made her more determined. Here is a pencil, if yon have none, and the blank page will do for your note.'' With an inward groan of apprehension, the major scrawled two or three lines of incoherent excuse — he hardly knew what. He did not dare read it. He folded it up in the correct cockade fashion, and handed it to the governess. The man who hesitates is lost. He turned to go the instant he finished. You'll give Lady Dangerfield this, Miss Hern- castle, and be good enough to explain that it is solely for her sake, and against my --will that I don't go. Aw — thanks very much, and good-day.'' He bowed in his agitation, with something less than his ordinary exquisite grace — walked back to the fly — jumped into his seat, and was driven off. Miss Herncastle, standing perfectly still, under the King's Oak, watched him out of sight, then she slowly and deliberately tore the note into minutest morsels, and scattered them in a little white shower over the grass. ''My lady shall not be disappointed of the ball upon which her heart is set, even for your scruples, major. No jealous husband shall prevent my masterpiece of millinery--the page's costume--from adorning Mrs. Everleigh's ball. And whether you are in London, or Castleford, Major Frankland, Count Lara shall dance with his Kaled to-night.'' My lady and her party returned from Morecambe in time for dinner. Sir Arthur was in attendance upon Lady Cecil, looking bored and distrait. Squire Talbot was hovering in the wake of Rose O'Donnell, whose small, dark face had grown wanner and thin- ner than ever in the last two days, and who looked much fitter for a sick-bed than an archery party. Miss Herncastle smiled again as she looked at her and the baronet— the one shrinking, the other brightening under her glance. In different ways the spell of her power was upon both. It had been agreed that the package in Major Frankland's room should be sent to the Silver Rose after nightfall by one of the servants. 'Don't disturb yourself about it, my lady.'' Miss Hern- castle had said : '' I'll attend to all that.'' She did attend to it by quietly concealing the box in her room a little before the archery party returned. Sir Peter came to dinner ; quietly but steadily he had kept his wife under surveillance ever since his discovery of the masquerade. He had shut up his study, his beetles and bugs — he had forgotten the ghost— the pilgrimage to the cemetery — his interest in Miss Herncastle — in his new interest. He had long groaned in spirit under his wife's tyranny and flirtations. Now or never was the time to bring them all to an end. He would watch her as a cat a mouse ; and if, in spite of all, she went to the masquerade in page attire, why go she should, and then — My lady understood it all, read him like a book, and her rebellious feminine blood rose instantly in revolt. Had death been the penalty she would almost have braved it now. Go she would, but she would be subtle as a serpent and throw him off the track. In the middle of the afternoon she was seized with a headache, a horrible headache, a vertigo — so doubt caused by too long standing in the hot sun ; she must go home at once. She came home with the whole archery party in her wake She was too ill to dress for dinner, but she made a heroic effort and went down. At table she could not eat a mouthful — after dinner, in the drawing-room, she was absolutely unable to hold her suffering head up. She must retire — a darkened room — perfect quiet — a long night's sleep — unlimited eau de cologne and sal volatile — these things alone could restore her. If they did not, then the family medical attendant must be summoned in hot haste from Castleford tomorrow. Her husband looked at her as she arose amid a low murmur of sympathy, her hand to her forehead — not a trace of rouge on the sallow pallor of her face — with the grin of a small demon. ''Let us hope your headache will not prove so serious as all that, my lady,'' he remarked. '' Your vertigo (how odd you never had a vertigo before) I am quite sure will be entirely gone to morrow.'' '' He means mischief,'' Miss Herncastle thought, watching him from her cover. ''He sees through her transparent ruse, and will follow her to the ball. The Fates are working for me as well as I could work myself.'' She glided unobserved from the room after my lady, and joined her in the violet boudoir. A sub- stantial repast was spread here. Lady Dangerfeld's appetite was unexceptionable, and she had no dinner. In an instant every trace of headache and vertigo disappeared. The door was locked, the heavy curtain of violet cloth dropped over it, Lady Dangerfield sat down to refresh her inner ladyship, and Miss Herncastle produced the exquisite page dress. The idea of doubting Major Frankland's appearing was too preposterous an idea ever to occur to her. ''And you think — you are sure, Miss Herncastle — Sir Peter has not the faintest suspicion?'' my lady asked, as she rose from the table, and placed herself in the skilful hands of her governess, to be dressed. Delphine had been dismissed as not suf- ficiently trustworthy.''You are perfectly sure he suspects nothing ?'' ''I am perfectly sure of nothing in this lower world, except that I am in it,'' Miss Herncastle answered, coolly; ''but the probabilities are he does not. Maior Frankland is in London — you are ill in bed of headache — how then can either of you be at the ball ? And it doesn't seem likely he will accept Mrs. Everleigh's invitation himself and go.'' Lady Dangerfield gave a faint shriek. ''Good Heaven, Miss Herncastle ! what an idea ! Sir Peter go ! Of course, he'll not go — the very idea is absurd ! I don't believe he ever attended a ball in his life, and he detests Mrs. Everleigh much too cordially even to cross her threshold . I wish you wouldn't suggest such preposterous things--I was nervous enough before, you have made me a hun- dred times worse. Has the box gone yet ?'' ''The box is safely disposed of, my lady. Have no fears — Count Lara will be there.'' Her nimble fingers flew over her work. Lady Danger- field's short black hair was artistically curled over her temples and shoulders, and the little plumed cap set sideways thereon. The little high-heeled shoes, with their glittering paste buckles, were on ; doublet, hose, cloak, rapier, scented gloves, all ; the ex- quisite tint of rouge given to the cheeks, the eyes darkened, all the mystic ceremonies of the toilet gone through ; and my lady, robed and radiant, looked in the full- length mirror, and saw a charming vision— all velvet, gold lace, flashing buttons, carmine silk, and waving plumes. Her sallow cheeks actually flushed under their rouge vegetal. ''It is exquisite — it is lovely !'' she murmured. ''I have not looked half so well in anything for years — it brings my waning youth back — I fancy it will surprise even Jasper. Now, Miss Herncastle, my cloak, and go down quietly and see if the fly you engaged at Castleford is in waiting. Find out if Sir Peter is in his study, too. Somehow I feel horribly nervous to-night.'' ''I will ascertain,'' Miss Herncastle's soft voice answered, as she moved noiselessly from the room. Horribly nervous ? Yes, my lady was that. Was it some dim presentiment that with her own hand she was flinging away tonight all that made the happiness of her shallow life ? If Sir Peter should come to the masquerade — if he should find it out. ''You shall not live under my roof and dishonor it — that I swear !'' were these not the words he had used ? And he had been so quiet — he had looked so grimly in earnest. What if he found it out ? What if he kept his word ? She shivered a little under her cloak. Was it too late yet ? Would it not be wisest to stop at the eleventh hour, forego the party, take off the lovely page's dress and stop at ---- Miss Herncastle, silent and swift, was back at her side. ''The fly is in waiting. Sir Peter is in his study — the rest are still in the drawing-room — there is not a soul to be seen. Now is your time, my lady, and make haste.'' But still for a second she stood irresolute. In that moment one word from Miss Herncastle would have turned the scale either way. That word was spoken. ''Take one last look, my lady — is it not exquisite ? Mrs. Everleigh will be ready to expire with envy. You look absolutely dazzling in your Kaled dress-- you never in your life wore anything half so becoming — Major Frankland will tell you the same, Now, then, my lady, quick.'' The scale was turned — the last hesitation over. From that moment until the grand denouement came Lady Dangerfield never paused to think. They descended one of the back stair-ways — they met no one. Miss Herncastle softly opened a tur ret-door, and they glided through. They made their way in the dim starlight along the shrubbery skirting a belt of dark woodland, and gained the high-road. In the shadow of a clump of beeches the hired fly waited. A moment and my lady was in ; another and she was off as fast as a stout cob could carry her ''on the road to ruin.'' In Mrs. Everleigh's stuccoed mansion, in Mrs. Everleigh's gorgeous reception rooms, half a hun- dred lamps shone dazzingly o'er fair women and brave men. It was the usual scene — nuns and mons. ''Friars of orders gray'' in juxtaposition with brigands, hooded Capuchins flirting with ballet-dancers, Levantine pirates waltzing with Queen Elizabeth ; negroes and flower-girls, Indian chiefs and Spanish donnas— all the grand personages of history and opera, a motley and bewildering spectacle — all masked. And over all clashed out the music. The air was heavy with perfume, the eye grew blind with light, and dazzle, and colour. Among all the brilliant-robed throng there was not one who excited more attention than the little glittering page, Kaled. But where was Lara ? An hour had passed since the page's arrival, but the page's master was absent still, and under the silken mask an angry flush was rising at length over the page's face. What could keep Major Frankland? She flung herself into a seat as she asked the question — alone for a brief moment — the first since the ball began. ''Did he not come down after all? How dare he disappoint me so ? and how absurd I must look — the page without the knight. I'll never ?'' She stopped — some one had approached behind her unseen — a voice spoke low in her ear. ''The Chief of Lara has returned again. Look up — my faithful Kaled — my prince and paragon of pages — and welcome your knight and master!'' '' The Chief of Lara,'' in the picturesque dress of a Spanish cavalier, stood behind her, his mask over his face. But for one instant she had not recognised Jasper Frankland's well-known tones. "No— don't reproach me, Ginevra, as I see you are going to do, and as I know I deserve. I couldn't help it— only just got down— serious illness of my grandfather — ought to be by his bedside at this instant. Ah— a redowa — my favourite dance, Come, Kaled, let me look at you. A gem of a dress indeed — it is exquisite ! Come. He whirled her away, but for the first time in her experience the major's step and hers did not agree. For the first moment or two they absolutely could not dance together — then Count Lara seemed to catch it, and they whirled away to the admiration of all beholders. ''What is the matter with you to-night, Jasper ?'' Lady Dangerfield asked, half- pettishly. ''Your voice sounds strange, you don't dance as you used — and — and something about you, I don't know what, looks unfamiliar. Take off your mask, sir, and let me see you.'' ''Not likely. A page must never presume to com- mand his master. Rest assured that I am I, and at supper we will unmask, and become the cynosure of all eyes. Gineyera, your dress is absolutely perfect —there is nothing to equal it here to-night.'' (To be continued.) 