HAY AMATEUR OPERATIC SOCIETY. Les Cloches de Cornevilie. On Wednesday night, at the Academy of Music, tlio opera ' Les Cloches de Corne vilie ' was produced by tho Hay Amateur Operatic Society, with very great success. Tlio reserved seats were crowded, and there I was a fair audience in tho other parts of the I house. | The opera was given by the samo com- , pany three years ago, and most of tho prin* I cipals on that occuson reappeared in their ! former chaiacters on Wednesday, repeat ing their formor successes. Many weeks I have been spent iu the preparation of the opera, which wis staged with great com pleteness. Tho dresses, scenery, and ap pointments were all first class, and in keep ing with the characters and the plot. The orchestra was a powerful cue, consisting of Miss Reed, piamste, Mr Long (first violin), ?Miss Meakes, Mr Wright, and Master lueuKira isuuuuu viuuiij, iur xuompson (violincello), Mr Bowyer-Smijth (flute), Mr Smith (cornet), and Air Mackenzie (sido drum). Professor Andrew conducted. Tho orchestiurwas a decided acquisition, giving a volume to tho music which would other wise have been lacking. The plot of the opera has already been fully set out. It affords plenty of scope for dramatic us well as musical ability, and the principals on Wednesday night put this op ; portunity to good account. Amongst the items of the opora which call for special at tention are tho opening chorus aud Serpo lettes* song, 'I may bo Princess,' which comes iu ut the end. This latter number was encored, and the singer rewarded with a bouquet. Grenicheux sang his introduc tory song, ' On billow rocking,' splendidly. Tho duct, ''Twiis but an impulse,' by Ger maine and Grcnicheux, was an excellent number, and was loudly and deservedly ap plauded. ' 'L'he Legend of the Bells,' by Ucrmaine and chorus, was ouo of the most enjoyable numbers of tho act, and met with an enthusiastic encore, a handsome bouquet being -handed up to Germaine during the storm of applause. Tho Marquis gave a very good rendering of the ditlicult solo, ' With joy my heart.' The finale of the first act — tho scene at the hiring fair — was capital, the lead by Scrpolette, u Who are wanting maidens able,' being particularly good. An encore was demanded, and res ponded to, and another beautiful floral tri bute was thrown to Serpolette. The sccond act, which took place in the interior of;tho chatcuu, was full of incident, both musical and dramatic. The concerted number, 44 Let our torches light up the gloom,' was very good. Germaine sang the air, 'By his side, in faultless style, and bowed her ack nowledgments of a hearty encore. Tho humorous trio,,' I'll shut my eyes,' was well sung, and 'Not a ghost at all,' by Serpo lette, with Grenicheux and Bailie as chorus, which followed, was ono of the best appre ciated items of the opera. The dancing as well as the sinking in this number was very* good. Tho Bailie was heard to advantage in ' Oil Dear ! Oh Dear I' and the Marquis and chorus gave a' capable interpretation of ' Silent Heroes,' oue of the best numbers in the opera. Gaspard's song, 11 Lovo, Honor, Happiness,' which is sung under very try. ing circumstances, was an excellent perfor mance In the third act, in the beggar's sow;, ' Aye, aye, uyo,' Gospard repeated his foimer success, aud was rewarded with a most hearty encore, for which he bowed his acknowledgments. uThe Cider song ' was well sung by Serpolette and chorus, and had to bo repeated iu response to continuous ap plause. Grenichoux sang 41 That night I'll ne'er forget,' most acceptably, and was re warded with an encore. . Probably the' best item of tho performance was Geruiaine's ren dering of 'There's magic music in my bosoiu beating,' a number that was received with a storm of applause. Tlio finale was very well put on, and made a fitting ter mination to an excellent performance. The charactcr of Scrpolette was sustained by Mrs Wood, and it is sufficient to say that she ropeated hor formor success in the part. Her representation of the forward minx was excellent, and to hor splendid acting was greatly due the success of the opera. She was frequently and deservedly applauded and encored. Miss Maearthur has never been seen to greateradvantagethanon Wed Wednesday. HcractiugofthcpartofGermaine was characterised by appropriate modesty and diflidenco, but with a naturalness that was charming. Her vocalisation was excep tionally good, and in her solo in tho last act she outshone all previous efforts, and agree ably surprised even her intimate friends. Miss Maearthur was tho recipient of un stinted applauso and frequent encores. Gas pard was in .the capablo hands of Mr Jennings, whose acting was admirable, aud a bettor representation of tho difficult chaructcr could not be wished for. In all the scenes, he was effective, and it is hardly necessary to say he' was on good terms with the audience all the evening. As tho Bailie, Mr Hoarc showed that his dramatic talent is as great as his vocal ability. We haVe not seen Mr Hoaro to better advantage than on Wednesday, when he sustained the part of the pompous old bailie in a manner that left nothing to bo desired. Mr Gegg made an cxccllcut Marquis, pourtraying the part with tho dignity that it calls for. His sing ing was very good, and was very cffectivo in the concerted numbors. Gronichcux was entrusted to Mr McDonald, who did full justico to both music und libretto. Mr E. j Blaneho , made iv most humourous Gobo. | His eet-up was most absurd, and ho well sus. | tained the Bailie in providing the comic clc mont. Other characters were Christopho, a cabin boy, Master Meakes; Manette, Miss I'roctor ; Jeannette, iMrs iiliglit; Suzanne, Miss Chambers j and Gertrude, Miss B« Alaclurcan, who in .-their parts, contributed to the completeness of tho representation. Tho chorus of village girls, coachmen, man servants, and sailors, was composed of Mrs Blight, und tho MisBes Calloway, Ever ett, Chambers, Proctor (3), Maclurcan (2), Hughes; Messrs Hammond, Thomas, Scott, Duncan, McLaren, Bourko, Ayre, Proctor, Nash, and Schade. Tho management of tho 'stuge arrange ments was in tho capablo hands of Mr Jen nings, who is to be congratulated on tho completeness of evory detail. From ' lime, light' to 14 candles,' every accessory was provided that was necessary to givo the per formanco a finished character, and tho scenery and dresses wcro admirable. Tho opera will bo repeated to-night. Mr Harrio Smith, secretary of tho V.A.T.C., is dead. .. Mc'diciue is . reported to have done a splendid trial. 