[?] CHAPTER XXIV. — Clear as Noonday. 44 Bather more than ten years ago Sir James died, and the heir, a nephew, decided to elose the house for some years, as he was going to India. Consequently the Castle was to be left in charge of a caretaker; and I, knowing that the butler and cook had long wanted to marry, recommended them to the new baronet as perfectly trustworthy. 44 1 had no desire to remain in the neigh borhood, as it abounded with memories of the past. At the same time, I was greatly influenced in my decision by an advertise mentl had seen, which stated that a house keeper was required at Arden House, and 1 determined to obtain the post. I had no fear of detection. The illness which had spoiled my beauty had also changed my voice, and the alteration had be come greater since I practised ventriloquism. So I wrote to Lady Arden, taking care that my writing should not betray me if the squire happened to see the letter. 44 Sir Lionel Monkhonse gave me an ex cellent reference. He was entirely ignorant of the fact that I was his uncle's illegitimate daughter, only knowing that his relative had held me in highesteem, and he informed Lady Arden of that fact. It was all arranged, and I came to Arden. Why did I come ? Be cause, while I loathed the place, it had a horrible fascination for me. - Morever, my revenge was not complete, and never would be while Rupert Arden lived. 44 Imagine my feelings when I entered the house — in which I had once reigned as mistress — to fiil an inferior position, yet I never for one moment betrayed myself. 44 Shortly after this my sister returned to England, and I persuaded her to apply for Arden Cottage, but we resolved to conceal oar relationship. At that time Rath Barret was at school, bat soon after she came home, Mr Geffory Arden saw her. An accident led to their acquaintance, whioh soon ripened into love. In every way he was strictly honorable, as he no sooner gained my sister's consent to his union with Ruth, than he wished to name the matter to his father. Mrs Barret, however, implored him to wait — at any rate, for a year — to whieh he unwil lingly consented. At the same time we begged Rath not to reveal to him the fact that I was her stepmother's sister. She agreed, with the stipulation that before her marriage she should be free to tell him. She was totally ignorant of the fact that £ was Squire Arden's divorced wife, believing me to be Miss Wright, an unmarried woman. 44 It is my wish to record my deep regret for the wrong I did Mr Geffory Arden in de priving him of his mother, and also to state that as I became aware of the nobility of his character I cherished a real affection for him, although the son of the woman who had sup planted me. 44 For the present Lady Arden I enter tained no great liking, but she safe from me. I knew that to remove her would be to make the squire's life happier, as he had found Jiis match when he married the third time. Her ladyship cared neither for Ms passionate threats, his sneers, nor anything eke, but went her own way, totally ignoring his wishes. 44 As . each anniversary of my marriage came round, I resolved to finish the revenge whioh I had planned when I kilted Lady Azdeu ; but I let the years pass, only giving the squire an oooasional specimen of my ven- triloquial powers, which I oould see made him miserable for days. 44 The crisis was brought about by Lady Arden, who became . jgnisantof MrGeffory's engagement to Ruth Barret, and at once re ported it to the squire, knowing that it would incense him against his elder son, and also knowing that the latter would be true to the girl he loved. Of course, her ladyship hoped that an estrangement between the eqnire and her stepson would end in her own son in heriting the estate. 44 When I heard from my sister that Ruth had told her that her lover, would either have to give up the estate or renounce her, I knew that the time for my revenge was at hand. Rupert Arden had spoilt my life ; he should not live to spoil two other lives or impoverish his elder son. I had been the means of rob bing Geffory Arden of a mother's love. I would see that he did not lose the estate, which I knew was left to him, and I made np my mind that the squire should not lire to alter his will. 44 That night, the anniversary of my mar riage and of that other fatal deed, I took the pistol whioh I had used so many years ago. 44 Hiding it in the bosom of my -dress, I left the bouse, proceeding along the drive ; but before reaching the lodge I climbed the rails, and turned through the wood a good distant# below the path which crosses the drive. I knew my way well, and emerged from the wood at a place where the wall was low- I climbed this, and crossing the avenue, entered the wood at the other side, where you may have noticed a gap in the wall. 44 Going towards the lodge, I hid myself where the underwood mid trees were very thick, and orouohing down, I waited lor the =j B? HEDLEY RICHARDS H Author of "A Welsh Princess," "The Den jffi Tragedy," " The Omerod Mystery," Etc. squire. Never once did I flinch. He had ruined my life, and was about to ruin two others. I would frustrate that, and have my revenge at last. 44 Presently a noise in the brushwood and the crackling of a stick under foot attracted my attention, and I saw Martin Taylor, the blacksmith. He came cautiously forward, then knelt behind the wall and drew out a revolver, which he cocked. So another meant to steal my revenge at the eleventh, hour ; but I would not be cheated . Martin Taylor had no such cause for enmity as I had, and I would not be balked. 44 So I gave a loud peal of laughter, whioh I caused apparently to proceed from the wall olose to him, and such as had scared the squire once or twice. The man dropped his pistol with a start, and glanced nervously over the wall ; then, as another peel echoed close behind him, he torned and fled as lor his life. 44 He had no sooner gone than I crept cau tiously forward. There could not have been more than a dozen yards between us, and grasping his revolver, I returned to my old position. Scarcely had I done so when I again heard the crackling of branches, and looking cautiously from behind a tree I saw Mr Reginald Arden. 1 did not see any pistol, but he appeared to be coming straight forward as though intending to climb the wall, and so get into the avenue. At the same time the tramp of a horse coming up the road told me if he did so I should lose my chance of escape ; so I again had re course to ventriloquism, and the laagh I sent forth was so horrible that I did not wonder to see him fly like a madman, particularly as I knew that he was a coward, and I look care to send another peal after him. 4 4 Almost immediately I heard the horse coming rapidly on, and in a second or two it was within range. Whether by accident or what I do not know, but I fired Martin Taylor's revolver, and I saw the squire fall over the ride of his horse as it rushed madly on. 44 Thrusting my pistol into my pocket, I flung Martin Taylor's into the branches of , the tree, intending to fetch it later. Then I returned by the gap into the avenue, crossing it qHickiy, only a few feet below where the squire's body lay. £ could hear the horse galloping madly home. Without a second's delay, I climbed the wall on the other side, and went rapidly through the wood, coming out nearer to the principal lodge than I had entered, and going quickly to the front of is, I tapped at the door, when Jenny, the lodge -keeper's granddaughter, appeared. I asked her if her granny was at home, and she told me she had gone into Bexham ; so I said it was all right, only I had a few things to giro her if she liked to send np to the house. After these few words, I went quickly up the drive, knowing that Jenny would swear that I had entered by the lodge gates. "Going towards the, house, I saw Mian Duval, and I noticed that she looked pale. That night, when every one in Arden House had retired, I slipped out- It was after mid night, but I dare not delay, as I knew the detective was coming the next day, and I wanted to secure the pistol, and also to see my sister. Hastening to the spot from whioh I had fired the shot, I searched in vain for the revolver, and at last oame to the con clusion that it most be resting in the higher branches of one of the trees, whioh just there were very thick. Not daring to linger, I made my way through the wood, giving an awful laugh as I passed the back of the lodge, in order that, if I was seen, I might be token for a ghost. 44 On reaching Arden Cottage, I contrived to wake my sister, who sleeps at the back, and I warned her to be careful if a detective asked her any questions. But I declined to answer her questions regarding the squire's murder, and after a few minutes' conversa tion I returned to Arden House. 44 Gradually I discovered that the detective believed that the squire's first wife was living, and that he intended to find her. Then I lost a ring, whioh he found. This ring contained the arms of the Gaunt family and would have been easily recoguised by Colonel Germaine ; bat it seems that the detective who found it showed it to my rirter and she manipulated the spring, so con trived to conceal the arms. 44 Suddenly I learned that Mr Mavin was going to see Mr Dillon, the detective who had been employed on the last case at Arden. Then I knew he would see Mary Burns, our old nurse, and probably discover all, and I . resolved to end the matter before bis return. 44 When you read this you will know whit I have resolved to do, because it will be ac complished, and I shall have left tbis weary life. Arden House, too, will be raxed to the ground, unless my plans have greatly mis carried. 44 In conclusion, I repeat that. 4 1, and I alone, killed Lady Arden and Squire Arden. ' Perhaps, had I known what I have learned since his death—that he treasured so fondly the relics of our brief married life— I might have believed, in spite of the oruel taunts, jealousy and eurrallanoo to whioh I was subjected, that he loved me, and I might atthe last have spared him." " _ _ _ 4 Whatdo you think of it !" asked colonel Germaine, as Ifolded the paper and banded it to M«nr 44 1 think it Is true, and what I expected; and I am thankful she has oleared Martin Taylor." 44 To think that I have sever suspected that ah« was Mrs Arden !" exclaimed the colonel. 44 The squire did not. It baa been a sad life, with a tragical ending. With a different husband she might have made a splendid woman," I said. " I think you are right. But we will let both of them rest. They have gone to their aocount. God grant them great mercy," said the colonel, in a husky tone. CHAPTER XXY. — The Curtain Drops. Hie inquest on Diana Lucas, other wire Diana Arden, had taken place at Arden Cottage. Mrs Barret had given evidence, and the statement had been read, then Martin Taylor and Reginal Arden corroborated her testimony with regard to their presence in the wood and hearing the laughter. After that the jarymen retired to consider their verdict, and from what afterwards transpired never had twelve intelligent British men a more difficult task. If they declared that if she was of unsound mind, they feared invalidating her statement ; if they brought it in felo de se, the poor oreatttre might not get Christian burial ; and among those twelve men were some who re membered Mrs Arden in the zenith of her beauty, and who believed she had been badly used. So at last, after much discussion, they decided that after writing her statement her mind lost its balance, and she committed suicide while of unsound mind. The coroner called their attention to the fact that the closing sentences in the state ment pointed to such an intention. The foreman replied that they had nothing to do with her intentions. What they contended was that when the act was committed her It was a small funeral, only Mrs Barret as mourner. She would not allow her step daughter to attend — I believe out of considers tion for Mr Geffory Arden. Amongst others who followed on foot were Martin Taylor, the man Qnibei and his wife, and Mrs Barret's two old servants, John and Ann Bell. After the funeral I saw the blacksmith. 44 1 felt I owed her something for clearing my name," he said. 44 Besides, poor lady, she'd bean badly used. Who'd ever have thought the pock-marked housekeeper at the house was the beautiful Mrs Arden ? But, sir, I want you to give Mr Reginald Arden a hint to go abroad, or something, and keep out of my way, or there'll be another murder. I'll never forgive him for the way he's treated my Nelly. I'm sending her to my aunt's for a year or two ; bnt he'd better keep out of my way," said the blacksmith. I promised to warn young Arden, and then proceeded to Colonel Germaine's, as that gen tleman had intimated that he wished to see me before I left. The last day or two I had been staying at an inn in Bexham. On reaching Heme's Hold, the colonel's residence, I was received by him and Mr Geffory Arden, who told me that, as the late squire's executors, they had decided not to make any stir about the money which had been stolen just before the squire's death, I then inquired if Mr Arden intended to rebuild the house, and was told that he did, and the work would be commenced at once. After that I told them what I had learned from the servants respecting the fire. It ap peared that some three hoars after I had left Arden House to visit Mr Dillon, one of the maids going into the cellar met a strange woman coming up the steps. She was dressed in a most peouliar fashion, wearing glasses and a big "poke bonnet, such as is worn by the Salvation Army women, and she carried a bucket from which a strong smell of paraffin arose. The girl spoke to her, re marking that she was a stranger, and the woman informed her that she was a charwoman from Bexham, sent by Mrs Moire, at the housekeeper's request, to clean the sqoire'j room out. Now, Mrs Mules had a first-class registry office in Bexham, and the girl knew that the servants had objected to clean the room, so she was not surprised, merely asking what she'd got in the bosket. The woman told her that it was a pailful of paraffin, which she'd got out of the cask, and she'd got to cany two more into the room. Then she was to leave it for that day, and come the next day and clean it properly. 44 Whatever is that for ?" the girl en quired, and the woman grinned, foiling hnr that the housekeeper, for all she uncmed euoh a stately lady, had her notions, and one of them was that unless three pails of paraffin stood for twenty-four hours in the room where the corpse had lain the spirit would walk. After that the woman begged the girl not to name it until she had cleaned the room, as if there was any talk, Miss Wright would send her away next day, when she came to finish her job. So the girl,' who was simple and good- natured, held her tongue until the fire wn<if her remember it. Later in the day she asked the cook when the squire's room was to be oieaned, and she was told the next day ; so this and the woman's ahee&ce; from the servants'' dinner convinced her that she had gone home, leav ing the chamber to be cleaned the following day, as she Baid. The girl also mentioned that she had par ticularly noticed the woman's shrill voice and red hair. One ot the footmen »l»o stated that as he crossed the hall directly after the family had gone in to dinner, he noticed Miss Wright go into the drawing room, and he was certain that she carried a oouple of wine botttee. Mount also met her coming oat of the squirris office jast before the diir was served. As I pahfced, the colonel remarked : i'JFrom this yon infer that Kiss Wright had the paraffin placed in the squire's room ready for use ?" " No, sir. I infer that the charwoman whom the girl met was really Miss Wright. No doubt a woman in her position would have been wise enough to provide herself with number of disguise#, and the tftaag of voioe would be easy. I also there was a kind of oloset, partially hida® by a large easy chair, inher sitting which the naite of paraffin could easily h'.? been deposited. Then the filling of a® bottles would be an easy matter, and ih doubtless first saturated the so aire whioh «he oaold eMily look, eni, U Mv wahted to go in, profess that the kev lost. y waB 44 One thing is certain— the drawing room door was looked, as were also the other doM and the windows carefully faetenS Altogether it had been most skiltJii planned, as I should expect anythiag would be by suoh a woman, and my view of the oase is borne out by the that Miss Wright had not applied to Hi« Moles for a charwoman, nor had one been sent." 44 1 believe you are right," fi6 « Arden ; 41 and I am well satisfied with the way you have conducted the case. A blunder might easily have been made where so maav people were apparently close at hand at the time of the murder and after a few more kind words, he gave me a cheque for a hand- some sum, and we parted. As I was. leaving the house I met Lad? Arden's maid, who greeted me with eSosio/ saying that she hoped I had not mentioned the little matter which she had confided to me, as she was about to start in businesi She intended taking premises in Bexham.' she told me, and her ladyship's patronage would be invaluable. Assuring her that she had nothing to fear from me, I passed on, and at th gate met Mr Reginald Arden, to whom 1 gave Martin Taylor's oaution, and I saw thai he turned pale, though he muttered something about the man minding his own business. 1 knew however, he would act on what I had told him. That afternoon I returned to headquarters where I found a note from Lord Wiliouohby' enclosing a cheque for three hundred pounds' and stating that it was the sum originally offered by his father as a reward f r the dii- oovery of his sister's murderer. He had much pleasure, he added, in payice it to me as he was assured his father w<_Vj have done, had he been living. I wrote returning the cheque, and p inting out that I was on the eve arr -iuir the wrong person; that Mrs Arden h- 1 herself disclosed her guilt, and I had t: before no olaim to tbe reward. By return of post the cheque was ajain in my hands, accompanied by a letter in which his lordship declared that my rap and reso lute action had forced the confession from the guilty woman ; also, that he felt indebted to me for clearing all suspicion from his dear nepbew. Of course, I pocketed the cb-que. but I confess I was glad that Miss WrLht. alias Mrs Arden, had escaped the pen dtp of her crimes. Six months after this I read an announce, ment of the marriage of Geffory Arden, Esq., to Ralh, only child of the late Ralph Barret, of tbe Oivil Service, Bombay. Shortly after that I received a trossipy letter from Mount, in which he shaded to the wedding, saying that it had been a very quiet affair, neither Lady Arden nor Mrs Barret being present. C clone! Ger- m&ine; gave the bride away, wh'ch, as Mount said, showed that the Colonel's heart was in the right place, and that he wanted the new squire to b=> happy. Certainly she was a sweet youDk- lady and no real relation to the unhappy Mrs Arden. Mount than told me that Mrs Barret had left the cottage, and gone to live in the south of Franoe. Martin Taylor, he said, locked older and greyer. Folks said the terror he had suffered at the time ot the squire's murder had done him a lot of harm ; bat very likely he'd brighten up now, as hie only daughter had fust married a young gtooer who lived near her aunt's, and there was talk of her father giving up his business acd settl ing there. At the olose of his letter was a postscript, which ran thus : 44 Mr Geffory and his bride are travelling abroad until the new house is bn.il:. It is to be hoped ever bo muoh larger and grander than the old one, and I only hope as the quire and his wife may live happily at Arden House to the close of their days.'' 44 So do I," I said, echoing the wish of the faithful old servant. The End. 