The :*1ÍN*Í«»II Si'¿ vic«'ti iii Hie Cliut-ch of B iiclanA. THE services held during- lust week in St. Andrew's Church huve been inurked by lurga attendnnces, und the interest han increased KU that it. has been diffi cult on several occasions to find accommodation for the audiences assembled. Indeed, on Sunday even ing many could not gain admittance for the throng, and went awuy. Services were held every day at 7 a.m., and nguiu in the evening. Ou Saturday evoning, which might have boon considered to be the one wheu a small attendance would bo piesent, on the contrary found a good large audience, and the Rev. Slr. Dillon, referriug to the fact, said that this of itself was vory cheering evidence of the re ligious life that hud been awakened. He preached from Luke viii, eli., 4ütli v.-" And Jessus said : Somebody hath touched Me, for I perceive that virtue hos gone out of Me." Using the text as an example to prove how sinners coming to Jesus were always received, he exhorted any present who felt they were siuners to come now aud try Him, im pressing on them thut tho Lord Jesus was aa truly present, that oveniug by the Holy Ghost as ho was ou the occasion wheu the woman touched his'gar ment and was healed. He spoke in scathing terms of those who always made'God a God piling up brauds to consume tho sinner. God was rather to ba looked to us a God of love and kindness. At the conclusion of tho sermon most of tho uo-igregatiou rotnsioed for the prayer mcethkg, whioh concluded at 9.30. Uu Sunday there was a large audience at St. Andrew's in tho forenoon. Service was then held by Mr. Dillon at Wollongbar in the afternoon. Mr. Dibley addressed a gathering of children at 3 p.m., and this wad followed by au address for meu ouly by Mr. Dillon at 4.30 p.m. Fully ISO aa-wmbled at' this service, aud tho address, wliioh dealt in very plain terms with sin in its various forms and uspeots," was listened to with great attoutiou. ' Ou Sunday night the church was crowded, many being unable to obtain admission. The congregation was not confined ta people belonging to the Church of England, but included large numbers from the Wesleyan and Preiby terian churches. Rev. Mr, Dillon chose us the subject of his dis course, Aots, chap. 20, verse 28-" Thou Agrippa suid unto Faul, . almost thou perstiadest me to bu a Christian." Ho suid tho chapter friim which his text wus takou brought under notice three remark able men, and three mun which he thought might very fuirly bo said to represent three distinct classes to bo found ut the present day, first Fostus tho Roman,' then Agrippa tho Jew, then-.Paul*the Christian. CV- tua, -beyond all doubt roproaotited that olass of men who bate Christianity, who hato the name of the Lord Josus Christ, and those men who openly rejcot the groat truths of God. We call them sceptics. Agrippi represented that class which behoved tho truths of God, lint hud not thu moral courage to practise them iii their dnily lifo. Paul represented that class who have known the Lord Jesus Christ us a very present Saviour, and uro not ashamed to confess bim boldly in tho world. Puul tho: upostlo was brought a prisoner before thesa two m'en, ij'ostus und-Agrippa, und then ho gave, them this wonderful und vory remarkable discourse. He told them of tho love aud poworof God, and how he had boon resciiod from tho power of death ; aud sin. Ho told them of his journey to Damascus, how, when ou thu road, thu mighty power of" God nhuiigud tho wholu cut-runt of his after life. A's ho went, on tu spo ilt in this strain, evidently nuder tho piwer nf tho Holy Ghost, thoy found these two men very; deeply impressed, but how differently, li'estus, like tho tuan ho i-poke of that .morning-Naiitnun-gol vory irritable and ungry, mid turned round and said "thou art be side thyself, m noll loaming doth multe theo mud." Ho tried to silence Paul, and in doing so he look ii big order, for in trying to silence St. Paul hu was trying to silence Christianity. How signally he f tiled, und how miserable thu failure. Poor Fcstus is not tho only mini who has tried on this littlogumc. There have been a grout miuy who havo oudoa voured to upset, as they aiy.-thu #...>..» :.':<?"" iMnV .l.»-.mt...(.ll»;l«V .Ho deprecated;-'the custom which prevailed of always speaking wall of-thu dead. > When u person dies only his goud tpialirins were remembered, although his whole lifo might havo boen one of sin. There w is too much of this glossing ovor busiues-j. Wo h.ivo not yet loarut, because it is not fashionable, to cull things by their propor names. They were getting gradually to cull what was very blaok a rather dingy brown. It was just ns well to oall things by their propor names and tulk'of pooplo as they desorvo. . Ho i o-. ferrcd to twii people belonging to tho class he men tioned; Tom Payne said Cn the 19ih century tlioro would not bc a Hillie rend in tho whola of England. He hud gone down to a druukatd's grave, his name had bouu forgotten, and - his memory is tho memory of tho unjust, but the word nf God that ho said would bo demolished und blottod out of oxisteiico, stood to- day, and ho ventured lo say was moro widely., rend and loved than over before. Then there was another poor imp istorwhohad long since gone to his place, ho alluded to Voltaire, eloquent aud loamed us ho was. Hu said it had taken 12 men to build uu Christianity , iud ho was going to show how one mau could pull it down, and that mun himself. How miserably ho failed. Ho had geno to a dishonored gravo, und if ono wont to tho sohools in Lismore and usked if auyonu could toll him anything about Voltaire, thora would be silence, hu was un unknown mau ; but go to tho little ones and ask thom if they kuow tho inuno of Christ, , and how different, thc tiniest child could answer. .; Those men had passed ont of memory, but the. hook of the Lord Jesu», whioh they so hated, still lives, nnd will live until time shall bo no more, und the gospel will be proclaimed in Lismore and in the islands of tho sea, and in all parts of God's great world, until ,the great iugatheriug of God's o wu people, to; rest for u vor in the blessed presence and home of God lu these days there wore, soolfors and no doubt a few of thom in Lis more. He referred to tho opposition he had at one place whore he hail spoken in a similar strain to that of his address that afternoon. Some of them were very indignant, aud ho was pleased with this, for he always rejoiced when people go way in a. Eolter. Hu wou-d never conduct another mission if e found "everyone liked him. His Authority was a very high one, One Who said " Woe is Me when all mon speak well of Me.'.' He compared tho different, states of mind the two meu were in Fostus uud Agrippa. Fostus was vexed and irritated, but Agrippa represented that olass who,, when'thoy heard the word bf God, wera awakened.' Hi was oonvinoe l tba-, what St. Paul declared was the Word .nf God, und he realised thiit tho Word hits porter, so in the words of tho text ho said "almost thou persuadost one to bo a christian." The faithful proclamation' of Godrs truth must always do ono of two things, either soften or harden tho heart. There was no hiioh thing ns hearing the Word of God and remaining in tho same condition, it wus oithor a saviour of life unto lifo or of tlouth unto death. It either brought about tho samo effect us lu tho case of Festus, or.ua Agrippa said, '.I um almost persuaded tb bo'a ohristiau. - This brought him to a. very siilomu truth, that it was possible, like Agrippa, to bo ou thu very vergo of eternal Ule and perish. It'wiis possible, like Agrippa, to stand on the dividing line to look over into thu eternal roalily nf Christ's love, but unless that forward stop bu tukon,. tobo altogether outside thu kingdom. Ho had said ' before that the -very worst uoudition-'.of nur- great eternal future, separated from - God, would . bu that our memory would bo ut work. Hu was convinced that memory -tho thinking power of niau- will liovor dio. Thoy' .all kuow how memory, troubled us hero, how some blaok deed i i our.past, some hasty word which had given great pain to some ono in tho past, wo would give anything- to forgot, but ovory uow and thou tho great wheel nf memory comes round and thut deed is brought buck nguiu with all . its vileness uud sin. So remorse of memory would troublo us still in tho gró'ii t future lifo, and, if so, how troubled would bo our condition, whou it dawns upon tho soul-my lost nondltiim ia for over und over, and that shun is a fixed state. U» bclicvod in fixity of ohnriiotor. "Asa tree falloth au lt' will lie, * and vory oftoti as ii true loans so it falls. So with tho sooptio. l-lu alluded to tho feuliug which was springing up in some purts uud gainiug belief that men woro going through a stato of ovulutiou bet«eon this present lifo and tho eternal ono. It was all rubbish. And they heard a lot about higher criticism. Call it by its proper name, "humbug." . . *-i . . Hu uuuld couuoivo no condition moro terrible in that futuro statu of sopunilion from God than thu thought of a noni that during lifo he wan " Almost persuaded tobo a christiuu " Boyond a doubt tho "almost persuadod," but "altogether lost," would bo, beyond all truco of u doubt, thu. most, terrible condiuou of that groat eterual future state. It was au awful fact that we might be trembling <m tho vury brink, that we might feel the breath of God's Etoruul Spirit, uud the breath of His everlasting love, aud yet nut bo persuaded. Tho activo work of that mission must soon close, and he could not liolp fouling that there wera soiun in tho condition of Agrippa, '* almost persuaded." Ho hoped they would tako thu gre.it deciding stop.. ¡Thoro «oro many reasons why this great step was nut taken, uud he believed ouo of tho greatest and weightiest was they were afraid of what may be thought of them Ho gave au example, a lady who came tu hin. und said she wanted to bo u Christian, but was afraid she would be the only one in her position. Before ho hud gouo from thc town 48 hours there was a buggy accident, mid in less thau 51 hums from tho timo he preached ' that sermon the lady lie referred to had gone to meet her God almost persuaded. It may bo there wore some there who j ust wondered huw they would manage when they went out into the stern reality of life, but he urged them to be firm, re minding, them the scoffer was also ouJy mortal and soon his poor body would be food for worms. He gave u beautiful illustration of tho infinity of eternity. It happened ut Moruya recently, when on the beuch with others, a little girl of 1 i came to him willi a grain of saud on a piece of white paper. He had boen preaching about eternity, und BIIO likeued her lifo to the grain of sand. She said there were miles and miles of saud; millions and billions of these little graius, and tho grain of saud was to her life hero us tho whole of tho sand to her future life. It gave a faint idea of what lay be yond this valo of tears, when the sun of our life set uud tho shadows lengthen, and we go out to bo for over with the .Lord. So he urged them not to lose heart or be discouraged if they could not answer the poor scoffer, who usually had a lot of pet questions just as stupid as himself. The answer giveu by one similarly pressed, thut there wus much he could not understand, but that he knew thut Jesus could save, was argument onough. " I know whom I oan be lieve, and He has power to keep mo against that day" was quite onough for him, and euough for' them. He knew lhere were some who had gone right through thut mission rejecting God's love, and there were some there that night for tho first time who made up their minds not to come till the last night, and then only to be able to say they had boen present. Ho hoped they would not bo " almost persuaded," but step out of that condition into a full knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ..: There, was pardon for the greatest sinner. Would they accept tho Lord thut night P He reminded thom of the passage: "Behold, Í stand ut tho door.and kuouk. . . . ." Aud what a Guest. Ho spoke of tho delight it gave him to have us his guest some old grey-haired (Jhristiau tuan or woman who had been long iu tho service of the King. He again appealed to thuin-those who wore vory near the Kingdom and yet not inside-uot to go gradu ally buck to their old state after the mission, but to uucopt Christ. Ho was seeking such. He urged thom not to delay, illustrating the .uncertainty of lifo ami thc deathbed of ono who wno was " almost persuaded.'' His concluding words to them that night wore to try by God's graoo to settle tho ques tion then, uud not remain any longer outside tho kingdom " almost persuaded." On Monday night a thanksgiving service was hold, when the church was again crowded. ' This concluded the mission. . 