THE W.A. LAND COMPANY V. THE GOVERNMENT. In a recent issue o! Truth, " Moses MOHS" "gain refers to the subject of the Wet Australian Land Company in tho following teiias:— My remarks of a few weeks afjo concerning the I reiUincnt which H being nu t.d out by the W est A UHtralmn Government to tho West Australian Land (i.impany in < unneetion with the Great Southern Kniway, have brought nic beveral cornnnmieat ions endorsing my strictures, and a-king me to further discuss this impoiant IJIK SIion. No one can hold a higher opinion of the future of the West Austalian goldfields than J have conceived after making every invent if-at ion and hearing many views from those b«'Mt able to judge. But 1 also see that Went Austialia will not be able to achieve the process to which she is now entitled without seiious danger, unless tho colony be very wisely governed, especially from a financial*j.oint of view. By giving publicity to the following letter, I therefore hope to serve the trua interests of this colony, which was until recently the very Cinderella of Australasia :— " Your recent references to the conduct of the Government of Western Australia must, I feel sure, have attracted a great amount of attention. Amongst the Reuter'6 telegrams in the daily papers of the 5th instant is one from Perth announcing that a Bill has been passed for a loan of £1,500,000 to be issued in London, and spent upon Fremantle Harbour, and railways to Coolgardie, Collie P'ields, and Bridgetown, and other matters. The population of the colony, including the floating population at the goldtields, is only about 70,000. Of this, Perth the capital has about 10,000, and Fremantle about >s,OU0. For this small population a large sum is being probably wasted—in at empting to make an artilicial harbour at J-'i.•mantle, but the grossest part of this wasteful expenditure lies iu the railway works towards According to the Premier's this is part ol a grand trunk line between Perth and Fremantle and the port of on King George's Sound (a greater than from London to Carlisle), but to the local papers it is a liue intended to enable the Government to run its mails and passengers to the port without using the Great Southern Railway, the line referred to in your issue of the 28th ult,, as built with some £900,uOO of British capital, I assume, the invitation of the West Australian Government. Along the new route thus proposed there are not 1,000 people. So for a total population at both endg and en route of less than 25,000 two lines of railway serving the same termini are to exist. The utter absurdity of such aproposition isevident and if such a duplication of line is permitted neither will it have for many years a ghost of a chance of doing more than paying working expenses, even if so much as that. I will say nothing as to the morality of tho Government in even propos ng such a scheme. " This Reuter's telegram also states that the of the Premier is very great, an i I to say that it will continue to be so as long as he pursues a' vigorous' policethat is, borrows money largely to be expended public works, and so causes coin to circulate freely in the colony. Western Australia seems, will not take warning by the les.-oiia in the experiences of the more eastern and, unless stopped, will create a debt that will cripple (if not ruin) her for many years to come. With prudence she has a splendid future—without, financial ruin, before her. Yours, ice., Caution," If the facts as to the proposed duplication of the Great Southern Railway are as stattd, investors in that undertaking and in the Western Australian Land Company will have a serious grievance, in addition to that which 1 stated in Truth of November 2 l J, of tho refusal of the West Australian Government to allow the claims to the land -.•.•'ee' e ' lieu of subsidy, backed though the Company be by a favourable decision of the Privy Council. Sir John Forrest, whilom an intrepid Australian explorer, is an able and distinguished man, and it rebounds gieatly to his credit that he has risen fo his high position entirely by his own efforts ; but if he reflects on the consequences of tho policy which he appears to have adopted, of interfering with the just claims of the British investors, who pour their hundre is of thousands into the colony, he will pause before finally committing himself to a course opposed to honourable dealing and to all statesmanship." 