I COKRRESPOADENCE. [We do not hold ourselves responsible for nor ne:ensarily endorse, opinions expressed by correspondents.] IRREFUTABLE BIBLE TRUTHS. (TO THE EDITOR OF THE " RECORD." " For there shall be a time when they will not endure sound doctrine, but according to their own desires, they will heap to them selves teachers having to themselves ears ever learning ,,nd never attaining to the truth."-2 Timothy, 3-7, Ibid, 4-3. Sir,-- must apologise for trespassing on your space again, altbough when 1 supplied IMr. Tanner with the information which he w's so anxious to obtain, I hbd nut the remotest intention of being drawn into a c .ntroversy. Were it not for Mr Galbraith, who in my estimation is an intruder in the m.atter, as the information that Ieapplied to my friend Mr Tenoer did not albude to him, and therefore ishould not concern him in the least; but perhaps it was a precun-erted arrangement to give Mr G. an opptrtlnity of aiting his knowledge of the Greek language and Biblical lore in general. Or, perhaps, it was to show us poor benighted Traralgonttes that we were in besottedness and gross stapidity in regard to the interpretation of the Scriptures, until an inspired and re fulgent lu.ainous light from the Tyers sprung up, as it were, from ' hades' in the person of Mr Galbraith, to teach us the error of our ways, and by that means gain a few raw recruits. Now, MIr G., the scriptures are hard to be understood. This we learn from the scriptures itself, where St. Peter says, in the epistles of St. Paul, " that there are some things hard to be understood which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures, to their own destruction." 2 Peter 3-16. The ignor ant for want of knowledge, and the unstable for want of stability. I learn from Mr G.'s letter of the 29th alt. that the 'Biblical medicine' that I for warded to ham on the 23rd ult. has not operated satistactorily ; and no wonder, as he has lately bern absorbing a very great quantity of quack medicine, both strange and various, to the detriment of his mortal body -not to say anythisn of his immortal soul. Per favour of the Record I forward him another dose, which I hope will prove more effica3ions. This medicine Is genuine and reliable, and if he gets it thoroughly analysed by a competent analyser, he will find its compnrent parts composed of im mortality of the soul, and a little of going to Heaven at death (notably Lazarus), with a fair percentage of Hell, a place of ' fiery torment,' together with a fair quantity of 'the devil a supernatural being' thrown in ; not into hell, Mr Editor, but into the medi cine to make a good blend. To guard against confusion, I have arranged my text under three headings, viz., the devil, hell, the soul or spirit. I will take his Sable Afajest! first, and show Mlr G. what the scriptures say about him. See Genesis 3-1, 4; ii. Curinthians, 11-3 ; Matt, 9-32, 33, 34 ; Ibid, 12-22 to 28; John, 8-44 ;.i Peter, 5-8; i John, 3-8. Thou believest that there is one God, thou doest will, the devils also believe and tremble. Jamtes, 2-19; i Timothy, 6--; Jude, 1-9; Luke, 11-14 to 20: Revelations, 20th. On ;ell.-There shall be weeping and wailine and gnashing of teeth when you shall see Abraham and Isaac and Jacob and all the prophets in the Kingdom of God and yourselves thrust ot.-Luke 13-28. If' the souls of those that were thrust out were dead. or demolished, they could not see Abraham, etc, etc., in the Kingdom of God. Ibid 16-22 to 31. Lszarus died and was carried by the angels to Abraham's bosom, and- the rich man died and was buried in Hell, 22 verse. Verses 23, 91, and 25, are irrefutable proof, that the soul will not die by the - torments of hell. ii Thessal., 1-8, 9, also shows that God will cme in a flame of fire yielding vengeance on them that know not God, and who obey not His gospel ; who shall suffer eternal punishmentin destruction from the face of the Lord and from the glory of His power. 2nd Peter ii. 4, Jo le i. 5\. Revelations xiv. 9 to Il : verse Il-and the smoke of their torments shall ascend up for ever and ever, neither have they rest day nor night, lc. Mr. G., are you still oncon vincel that the above texts do not allude to ' hell n place of fiery torment.' If so, turn over to Matthew xiii. 14, 15; also, read the 16th verse, and I hboe you will profit by it. T2"e Seul or Spirit.-lhe four Evangelists all agree that Christ gave up the ghost, see Matthew xxvii. 50, Mark xv. 37, Luke xxiii. 46, John xix. 30, 'see my hands and feet that it is I myself ; handle me and see, for a Spirit hath not flsh aod bones as ye see me have.' Luke xxiv. 39, Romans viii. 4, 5, 6. 13, 1st Corinth.ans v. 3, 4, 5, Colossians Ii. 5, or do you think that the Scriptures saith in vain-' to envy doth the Spirit covet which dwelleth in you,' James iv. 5 ; and evidently great is the mystery of Godliness, which was manifested in the flesh, was justified in the spirit, appeared unto angels, bath been preached unto the Gentiles, is believed in the world, is taken up in glory, let Timothy ili. 16\. He his given us, a spirit, John iii. 16 ; * for thie cause was the gospel preached also to the dead, that they might be judged in deed according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit' Ist Peteriv. 6, To live according to God in the spirit has a very great resemblance to immortality. I think Mr G. will concede that God is an immortal spirit. See let Kings xxviii. II to 15, where the witch of Endor brought up the spirit of Samuel. To show that Samuel was dead and buried, see lest Kings xxv.'l, Infra xxviii. 3. This proves clearly that the soul of Samuel Was not dead, as the 15th verse refutes such a preposterous idea, as it says in part, ' Why hast thou disturbed my rest.' For even as the bodtv without the spirit is dead, &c.;, James ii. 26. This text shows that it is the spirit that gives the body vitality, and that ' Mr Breen and current theology' is riebt in not only 'assuming' but firmly believing, according to the true interpretntion of the Bible, that the body is nothing more nor less than the casket of the soul; and it also shows that Mr G.'s statement is egregious and diamet rically opposed to the true teaching of the Bible. Mr G. could not let this controversy pass without having a fling at tha Catholic Church, by suggestine that Catholics can buy their soul's salvation with money. If this was a religious cantroversy, I would prove to Mr G.'s satisfaction that he has uttered a base and groundless statement in reference to the tenets of the Catholic Church, but as it is not, I will pass it by with the contempt it merits, except with one or two remarks in the words of Dudith, a learned Protestant writer-' Catholics are not carried away by every wind of doctrine,' or as Dr. Hugh Weston merrily said-'Nor like an ape not knowing which way to turn his tail.' SBetter a nail's firm power in the humblest cot unknown, Than a cock on the highest tower that moves by the wind alone.' This letter winds up this controversy so far as I am concerned. I have proved what I undertook, I think, to the satisfaction of any unbiassed mint,, but to those people spoken of in John xii. 40, it would be quite useless to try and make an impression on them. Thanking you, M'r Editor, for your Very kind generosity throughout this con. troversy.-I am, yours, &e.;, A. BREEN. Traralgon, 2nd Aug. 