SHl? ORSTSORY MY NARROW ESQAPE. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, jcet a year ago;, but as I can now look back and calmly re. call each thought, eah word, eachob act, I think I will write it down as a warning to Iall who may flid themselves similarly air. eemaetanced, hoping, with all my heart, that btoe number may be few. t In the first place, my name is Frederick ,Putnain. I am, ant have bten for the last ten yeara, the foremau and book- keeper of the larce lumbering eetablishment of Wil lam m \rinton and Co., and hope to be for another decade,unleess omcthing better turns up. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the buoinoes. Tile other members of the firm,of which there are two, live in the city, at the lfoot of tholake, anrl attended to tho sales of lumber, whoicih we srnd them by vessels. This ie by far the largest share of what ,,the mill auts alhough the amount of otr atlen directly from ilie mill, to eupltly asul 't'ui"" ry to the wn't of un, io qu to i npOlSno tumb rarning, juserta I leg tar omoro , f bennr roo=-?,pe n the ground outside, and presently the otlice door flow open, as though someone in haste had given it a pursh, adltittiuQa all, stout, well.dreeed man, with a emAll tavetlling bag in one hand and a ihair I had already closed the damper to the I stove, put on rmy overcoat, and was jest in a1 the actor turning down the lamp-but, of to cooree,I waited. C "Gtood evening, pir," said the man, huetling up tb the etove, and kioking the damper open with his right foot. " Hs a \Vinston gone to the house?" I I answored that he had. "Whent I was afraid or it." Ilo draw I out his watoh-a very fine one, I thought. "I shall not have time to go up," he paid. "Thie train is due in fitteen min-b. utes." " I there anything I can do for you 1" I aneked. "'I wanted to leave eomo money with Winston. I iuttrded to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a deepatch that calls too home." "What name, ir 1"' "Anderson, of Anderoonville." I knew him then. though I had seen him but once belose. lieo had been one of our best wvcsteten outomere. I said had been, for thereason that during the past y'ar he had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to write hinm, and " punch him up a little," ao he eopreseel it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat, " You can leave the money with me, air, and I will gire you a receipt." Ile seemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone Eiuce, however. " How much is my bill ?" he asked, eying Eme sharply. I answered promptly, for I hbd struck the balance not more than half an hour be. fore: "Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds." " HumpL I leas than I supposed, Writo out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt, " It in all right, MIr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature any lie drew front an inside pocket a large black wallet very round and lull, and count. nlog out eleven different piles of bank-notes, Ire told mote run them over. It was a short nod easy task, for each pilo contained j'let twenty ten pound notes. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them; but at last we got it no that both were satielted. At this moment we heard tre whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travel. ling bag, and giving me a hasty hand.shake was off on the run. I closed the door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newepaper around it, and elipped it into my evereoat pocket, I did not feel quite easy to have no much money about me, but as Wineton's house was at least a mile distant, I con cluded to keep it until morning, when 1 could deposit it In the bank. I closed the damper again, drew on my gloveo, took the office key from the nail just over the door, and stepped up to put out the light. As I did so, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anudereou. Heo had dropped it in hie hurry. I put it in my pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail It to him, I would have done it then, but as the last mail for the day had gone out on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appoint ment ; and Imay an well state here that it was wnith a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. I hastened to my boarding place, ate my supper, and then went over to MIr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it In my room. Carrie was at home, of course, as bhe was calecting me, and, leaving tny cost and hat in the hall, I went into the paiero I do net think a repetition of our conver. ration would be very interesting, eo 1 will pass over it, merely romarking that nothing occurred to dleturb me until I arose to take my leave. \- carrie went into the entry for my coat S110ant, lhat I rulolgt put threm lon by tho haram ire, but she eume back withl only Lj' ' \Vhy, Fred, you certainly did not ven. lured out re icitl u 'ilehte aus rhic without an overcoat 1" " No ce?ntl" I In :linted, in a dazedcort of I rau)-ftr the le:rt,;hlt of the illmoney, flush. ing upn lle eou euddeely,halld at~ llut setunned Tlleu next ollmletrnt I tore pent her like t lludinl, ns I ore,. Th'l colat Wa Igono I Thiu I wal uutotir rvelrrv, I itrappd at tile latrtenll, arend caught it juot in time to tllp putt Ineyelf, .',.rrie erel rte itriug ont, her tace turnl Ilt alo with luario". " ilUb, Irled tlae you erilek I IIt rme untll mother ard thl e ductor. Y'u a' e nlu ehitel a Ssheirt," "No, no, Ielneic I"l eotlacted. " Tlirere, 1 anmtbletter now." And I wer better. I woe etrorln,, all at onco-- deuirerntcly ?treteg. Antd whal t rcIIe(Itlht lholut tine eleeee? 'he remte htec cilrt whileh I had in tiry e l,?, . .\ud 'oe had ncrthhtler to 'how tlht thIe ieoneee. had er , berII trai, rind ewae lot lely Ulnteidced wurd tei gioUd as hiet? I reo foelleh eernerih to believe that I onouhl hrace it thrrlighl , aelld I Iytcow oullilelllt a.nl qullto eaoy irt ennlle. "Thiere, talre, I ilt Inurel bleller lnow. iThoroer waS too Warllt, I 'lhere I te, i Ill -snreak.llilef hale dodel, e inl aie tlen rIe 'li y tri otal i WVerll, Int It g.. It wtnt crily rn 1e1ol one, and I'll hlrvlr laterll r'." "I i ci was tliter, ie yilthilg inl yoirr Sp-oolnte'" na?elell ( sthol. It I n h itrornlge how suer ih'lielnl ireellt will makuo er, I rrally tlroeilhtI thiet thecirei erPI. Peoied ue, norl an itrell it ply rei nn ehe end of r iey t ueiie. . I err ieu * ? d iie , howver, ald uttelercd a hlelhuehl d ir. lainlll. "t Nollitig nl O lrf c rP lio letr r , (' lirl'e, A I'erlrr pal ol lcVen neid HolieU ,r liter Itllle,i tI agilu t il n no worner, Ieltl, hlrt, rI you will waii juel a tnutlOtlIr Iccll ie, cee one of father's coalts to ear home, Thua (quipped I left her. You may guees that my slumbers -that night were not very sound, nor very relresh. SIg. I never paused a more miserable night, Sand Is the morning my haggard looks were the osubjeo of remark. [ " Why, Fred, you look as though you had met a legion of ghosts lost night," said Wiitaton. .' What is the matter ?" fI have had a had night of it," I an. awered, with a sickly smile. "And you'll haveo nother, if you're not ecarelul. You had better keep quiet today, Ily-the-way, did you wrile to Andrseon ?" I do not know how I msnaecd to reply, for the question set me to ahivering fronm h ad to foot, and I wias E week that I o'id s'ia:cely eit in my ulair. I ilust have anowored in the illrmativeo, however, for he racold: "Then we may look for something from hium t.morrow, or the nent dayl" Im. mediately after be added," Why, Fred, you hliiver hl though you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butoberI You're sick, mall. Come I jump into my earriage, and I'll take you home." I wad glad of the ahanee to get eway, sulli reaching my room, I lekced nyseoll in. Winston u lnt adootortouned, but t relused "o' ta'-ebl·tL;/o.?L e aaO.uO-lim·I , r bus, -J, would not open the door. ?lis laoedldyea came, then some of muy felow- boarders, but I turned them all away. Ahl I those necrltpjtha.oursea - ~pa :a. ~J1jteife[ tn a I waould to lave used ill the mooH common transatuioun. I I wrote a short expluanation for Carrie, another for Mer W.inston, a third for my poor mnother, and I eoaled them all. In a fourth h envelopo I enclosed the receipt to Mr, Anderson. All this accomplished, I wont to my secretary Cud took out the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, small and in. significant enough in appearance, but all Ceiticient. Having examined thie cartridges to make eure that there would be no failure, Sseat down before the fire, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been lifo. less, but just as my linger began to prees the trigger there cnme a tap on my door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I could admit no nie." "Not me, Freod " I knew Carrio's voice, and yearning to look eon her loved face got tho mastery of me. Quiotly slipping tle thilell.talo letters, which i had Ilft on the table, into my pocket, 1 opened the door. " Oh, Fred I -"u are real Piok," exclaimed r Carrie, tile moent the light loll on my face. r "Why did you not sent for mel Aren't I you better?" " Worsee," I answered, huskily ; "but Casrrie-good lleaveu'u I" As I uttered this esolamation I started s back, and then leeward ; and thea--1 hardly I know what, for, haInging across Carrin'e arm, 1 was my overcoat I lReovering from my astonishment, I snatchabed it from her, and thrust my' hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, c the singular capers of a madman, or the a wild antics of thoeo crazed with rum, or the grotrequo daucing of envages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me and from the op- r pearaneo of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, were it posseible to concentrate the tiree above mentioned a species of demous into one, their capering v and dancing would appear tame in comparl. e son with mine that night. But I cooled down after a while, and just in time to eaveOarrioe' head a thump from the ohair or tlie waehetand, whiob 1 had I selreted as partnersin my crazy wallz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was a the simplest thing imaginable. I do not c know wily I had not thought of it before. It h was simply a blunder of Carid's father. le I had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn I it down town, never dreamiog that a small t fortune was lying idly in one of the I pockets. W'oll, I didn't have the brain fever over the I affair, but I was next door to it. I made a s clean breaat of the wllole tihing execping my t attempt, or, rather, ruay resolve, at self de. struction. No one ever guessed that part of I It, and I tell it to.day for the that time. t I eedt Mr. Anderson hiR receipt, handed I over the money to lIe Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and better t man, l hope. And tomorrow, God willing, I shall Irad Carrie to the altar. 