f J?OR MOBY OB FOR UYO ? - / NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. . By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., AUTHOR OF "THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE," "THE MYSTERY OF A MIL- LIONAIRE'S GRAVE," "THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT DUNTHEIM," "A THOUSAND MILES IN A CARAVAN," &c;„ Ac. ALL RIGMTS EESEEVEIh. CHAPTER NXVIII, — (Continued. ) Southwards now sailed the good ship for many a day, but ere long the very chilliness that crept into the air at eventide was considered a pleasant cnango alter the long-continued trying tropical heat. The evening, indeed, was now the most delightful time of the day, and after dinner every night quite a happy party sat around thegreat stove in the drawing-room saloon. The doctor could tell many a strange story of his ocean life. The rosy-faced, white- whiskered captain was never behindhand with a yarn, all the more readily and racily given in that the ladies had graciously accorded the gentlemen liberty to smoke. Nor was music forgotten, and al though the songs that Ella sang were sometimes sad enough, they were always delightful to listen to. It was one coldish and somewhat boisterous evening, when they were all thus engaged, that tho chief engineer appeared in the doorway, cap in hand. " Nothing wrong, I hope 1" " Well, no, not as it is much, you see,'' he said, " but I would like to speak a few words with the good sur- geon.'' The doctor got up, and at once fol lowed the officer on deck. "It is Stuart, sir, ,Stuarb that troubles me," he said, as soon as they were out of the reach of the ladies', hearing. " Stuart? , How, man? What is tho matter with Stuart ?" " Just the drink, . sir. Just that. Yes, yes, and I'm- afraid to trust him more to keep watch." "But; living in the same mesa with, him; can't you stop his allowance?1' . "That is what I came to consul t- you about. If I do he'll bo ill, sir." '.'Well, let him be ill.. It will throw a little more work on your shoulders; for' a time, but you'li get over it." " Yes, yes. Well, sir, it shall be done." . " - ' - , - . The engineer did as suggested, and with ' the terrible result he had- expected. Stuart became- restless;- sleepless, ill ; but if he had delusions' ho kept them to himself, although often in the darkness- of the middle watch wild yells came from the hammock where he lay, as if devils had seized and. were rending him limb from limb. The Ella Lee had now entered the Straits, or, what are called the first Narrows. The day was wondrously. clear, and though the sky was over-, cast ; with cumuli: ' thp: rifts" between were of the purest, deepest blue. Far' away in the east bright rays of sun shine slanted downwards from behind a cloud, and cast a silver radiance over tlie waters beneath, but everywhere else the sea was grey or leaden in hue.. But so pure was the atmosphere that on both sides tho coast seomod: wondrous near; on one side the law and moundy coast of Patagonia, or the other the rugged grandeur of the Land of Eire (Terra del Fuego), Birds flew around the ship in thou: sands, strange gulls, some of surpassing loveliness and grace, others dark as- the cliffs in which they build- their nest, while far away at one moment, near at hand the, next, floating, poising, sailing was the; great eagle of the ocean— the albatross. There was but little wind to day, but that little was fair, so on and on ali day under steam went tlie sturdy yacue, ana Deiore tnree oous in cne rirst dog watch, the second Narrow was past, and the Ella Lee was well into Broad Reach. The sun went down in a.oloudscapo of such radiant clouds as no one had ever seen equalled. It hold both' Ella and her aunt spellbound and silent; But. somehow to-night no one seemed inclined to talk much, not. even the Captain himself, usually so chatty and jolly. . Tho men too were huddled around the forecastle and though quietly smbking not one ' of them seemed to speak much above a whisper. Men on board ship are strangely affected by the weather and their sur roundings, and by nothing more than by darkness and silence. The wind sunk; down, down, down; Had the' Ella Lee been a sailing vessel she would have been becalmed. The dark ness and gloom were intense. Beyond the lights' anywhere on deck, it looked like a thick and inky well which, nothing could penetrate. Yet dark and dismal though it was, Ella preferred not to' be bolow ; . and leaning on Lord Clova's arm, both- talking low- as if unwilling to break the spell that hung arouud the ship, she walked the deck till. midnight. The '.Captain, 'was on the bridge. " Perhaps," said Fred to his companion, " he will not turn in at all to-night. He told me lie rather feared the' Musgo." "And what is the MuBgo,. brother mine?" said Ella, with an effort at cheerfulness, "is it a ghost of some kind that walks tho decks of ships in these dreary regions, or a savage chief or is it only a bad cold, Fred ?" Fred forced a laugh. " I'm going EDEN PHOTO STUDIOS. A. J. Lesmond, Esq., of Byrook ; Mrs. Grmdrod, of 2H0 Elizabeth-street ; W. M. Lowndes, Esq. ; Mrs. G. Allen, ot Richmond ; Mr. and Mrs. K. Cohen, of 25 Dick-street, Chippendale, and many others writo the most ooniplimontary lotters to Mr. EDEN, thank ing him for tho prompt and faithful manner in which ho executed their orders for Photo graphs and Opals. Tho prico for 12 Enamolled Cabinets and a 12 by 10 Opal is la (id less than any respectable house in Sydney. up to the bridge to see how things are' getting on, dearest. Shali I take you below first ?" " No, thanks. I'll walk the plank, I think you call it, till you return: Then perhaps you will condescend to tell mo wliat or who the Musgo is." "1 really beg your pardon, sissie dear. There is really something in the air to-night that seems to make me forgetful. The Musgo is a dense and fearful fog that comes on all at once, and is very much dreaded by mariners in these seas." His lordship now left her, and she sauntered forward and stationed her self in a quiet corner nearly abreast of the foremast. She meant to gaze overboard down into the dark and heavy waters in whose black depths on nights like these, she had often seen strange things — balls and spirals of phosphorescence, and at times strange fishes that seemed all ablaze. It was down, far down in these depths, that she could not help imagining mermaids lived in coral halls, in splendour that would dazzlo the eyes of mortal man, could one but be permitted to visit them. Nob far from where she stood was the cook's galley, and out through a doorway which was but an inch or two open, shone into the pitchy darkness a very narrow stream of light, It broadened and- broadened, however, and when it struck the bulwarks it was fully a yard'wide. Into this chink of light, pausing as if to listen- for a moment in its verv centre; there presently crept on hands and knees a figure that caused the girl's heart to stand still with dread. The form, . the face, were those of Stuart, the second engineer, the' eyes were the' eyes of a madman. Next instant he was gone. Ella tried to scream, and would have fled, but she seemed spell-bound with fear..; And no wonder, for across the chink; of light now glided another figure, crouching,- not crawling, and apparently in pursuit of the first; It was the tnan she most dreaded on board; It was Stranson, the detec tive. " .. . . Ella opened- her eyes. ' ' " Where am . I ?". she murmured. " On the sofa, dear." , It was, her aunt's voice. " You had fainted, that is all. You feel better now." Ella looked up and .her eyes 1 mot those of; the earl's. ' He was bending over lier with apxiety depicted in every lineameht'of his youn'g face. ' ' "I sliali never forgive myself for; leaving you alone in the dark, dear, sister mine." " Ha 1" cried the cheery voice of the doctor. "Wo are better now. We ore all right again," Ella sot up. . " Why is everything so .still and silent ?" she asked looking around her in bewilderment. " A. little accident to thomaohinery, dear," came the reply from her aunt. " Now lie down again and compose yourself." 1 . , Ella was as obedient as a. child, and soon she was strong enough to walk to lier bedroom, but twice 'ere morn ing she started from lier couch cry ing, out in terror, .for twice in her drenms she had seen those 'two awful faces,, Stuart's terror-stricken and mad, Stranson's pale and ttern, but .eager as a-. wild beast in pursuit of its prey. CHAPTER XXIX. ; Turv We're Alone on the Ocean Wave. When Ella Lee awoke next morning the silence ' still continued, and/so dark' was .it she could scarcely believe if was day. Lady Brewer Had gone, but returned while the girl' was dressing. Sho1 made no remark about the weather, but Ella could see a-shade of anxiety in her usually contented face. " We're not in any danger, I- hope, aunt?" ,"I don't knovv quite, dear. I think, however, you ought -to be- acquainted witli the worst." - "Tell, me, auntie, toll me j I am brave, I can bear it, but suspense is terrible.1' " There is ' no, immediate danger then, El|a, but we. are surrounded by a mist sodark- and' thick , it is. impos sible to see from one. end of the ship to the other. There isn't a - breath of wind, and the - Captain fears, the current is drifting us out of our course," . " But the machinery ; it can soon be repaired, can it not?" , '.'I fear not, child, and the worst of it is' tho damage appears to have been done by malicio.us bands." Then Ella thought once more of the evil faces she had seen. All that day the darkness continued, increasing towards nightfall to a black ness that was a horror. An inky pall, seemed to harig iltourid the vessel, and though her decks were everywhere well lighted the men coming aft or going forward looked like dismal spectres stalking, forth from tho mist . and the gloom, and disappearing again as suddenly as if tlioy had melted into thin air. # It was well on towards midnight or eight bells in the first watch. Ella with her aunt and the doctor were below, reading or talking in low tones as if they feared their voices would break some spell. Now and- then a footstep was heard on deck, or some one gave a short, sharp word of com mand ; but nothing else was there to breuk the irksome, dismal silence. It was broken, ere long, however, by a sound that few who hoard it were likely ever to forgot. It was a low moan first that came from afar out of the inky darkness, and across the deep a noise not unlike that of distant thunder, but more monotonous and continuous. It in creased in loudness, bright gleams of lightning, were noticed low down on the horizon, and next moment a storm was roaring and shrieking through rigging and shrouds with a fury that is indescribable. At the same moment the vessel heeled over to leeward, till all but on beam ends, furniture shifted below, her the piano itself was torn from its mooring, and bore down- upon the stove, and the light was extinguished. The doctor himself could never tell hr\w lift mtinaorprl r.n (OYt-.riPn.trt flirt ludirtR from the wreckage below. He had some faint recollection of procuring a ship's lantern, and of bearing Ella fainting from the saloon to her bed room. But worse was to come. The good ship righted herself in a few minutes, and seemed to shake her self free of the tons of hail and water that had been poured over her. At the same time the well-trained crew managed by almost superhuman efforts to set a storm-jib and close-reefed fore sail. With this sparing spread of canvas the Ella Lee was soon speed ing through the now stormy sea at a rate probably no yacht had ever attained before. She was dead before the terrible wind, and no after wave oould poop her, but ever and anon she dipped her bows into the mountainous seas, and while the dull white spray dashed high over the funnel, ay, and mainyard, the green water was shipped in tons, and relied aft like a mountain torrent, and before the men could effectually batten down, rushing down tho companions, and flooding the saloons and even bedrooms. Towards morning the storm abated, and as daylight began to dawn it could be seen what an almost total wreck tho upper works of the Ella Lee had become. The bulwarks had been smashed till they looked like open hurdles, the cook's galley and smoking-room had . been carried away, the capstan itself was brokeD, and even the mast had been unshipped and lay on its side against the lee bulwarks. With the first terrible seas that swept the decks had gone many a bold heart that had sailed the seas for years. But now tho first mate comes staggering aft to where both the Captain and Lord Clova are holding on by tho mizzen rigging. "The ship is well slit, sir, amidships. I don't think we can save her. " May God in His mercy help us !' It was all he said. All he needed to say. IIo gave one glance at the rigging. The foresail was beginning to shiver, for the .wind hud sunk almost to a calm again, .and the dreaded Musgo was in a move, bringing the horizon close around and increasing the morning darkness. . . Ldok, sir, look," cried Lord Clova. Tongues and forks of fire at this momont lepfc up the fore - companion, and volumes: of dense smoke and showers of sparks followed. The flames seemed to run up the mast and rigging. Tlioy caught and in a moment consumed the forosai), ran out along tho yard on- both sides, und in less than five minutes that yard came crashing down ou deck, ' - - . "Call away the boats i" The captain had risen to tho emer gency, and indeed there was little time to spare. Everyone fore and aft, even tho doctor and the Indies down below heard the captain's shout and knew the ship was doomed. But there was. no hurry,' 110 confusion. The men moved with alacrity to each word of command, obeying their officers to. tho very letter. Luckily all the boats save one. were safe, nnd so, one by one, they' were lowored and heid on aft by painter or boat hook until loaded. The ladies, dressed . in.'; their; ..furs or robes, were-lowered into the largest and best boat; the Ear! himself accompanied them, but after seeing to their com forts,' and saying a few cheering words to Ella ho hauled himself once more on -to the deck of his burning ship. The other boats wero now loaded with stores of nil kinds, provisions, arms, and water, but by this time tho fire had got complete mastery over the vessel and hardly hud the last boat left her fiercely-heatod sides, ere from stem to stern she was sheoted in flames. Tho order wnp now given to those in command of tho boats to keep close together, but to pull rapidly away from tho doomed vessel. Except for a dull, yellow glare that gleamed pitifully through tho Musgo, in a short time they were unable to tell where the Ella Lee was lying. At a word of command, from the captain, the rowers now lny for a time on their oars. No one spoke. They but watched the yellow glare and waited. Long minutes of expectancy went slowly by, but at last, there was the roar of an explosion that shook every boat from stem to stern. A few pieces of wreck came hissing into the water near them. But when they looked again the yellow glare had gone. They were alone on the ocean wave. (to be continued.) 