THE CHURCHES. A tea meeting and concert was given in St. Alban's Church, Golden Grove, on Wednesday last. There was a large at tendance. The ninth annual meeting in connection with tho Atdi field Baptist Sabbath school, held on Thursday night in the church, Holden-strcet, Ashfield, was largely at tended. The Rev. F. Ilibberd occupied tho chair, and in addition to the chairman's re marks addresses were delivered by the Rev. O. Palmer and Mr. W. White. A number of Items were pleasingly rendered by the choir, Mr. T. Classop conducting, and Mr. Hotter presiding at the organ. The annual report, read by the secretary, Mr. W. Cun ningham, sliowed that the increase of scho lars for the year was 41. The treasurer, Mr. G, S. Potter, submitted a balance-sheet, which showed tbp receipts as £37 fis 7d, and the expenditure'" £35 5s (Jd, leaving a cre dit balance of £1 17s. On Wednesday evening last a very plea sant social gathering was held in Coleman's Social-hall, Greenwich, under the auspices of the Congregational Church. The meet ing, which was presided over by Mr. R. II. Mlllington, was woil attended. Supporting the chairman on the platform were Messrs. J. J. Noave and Simeon Brown. The Point Piper-road (Woollahra) Congre gational Church held a social on Thursday evening. The Rev. .1. Fonlyce, M.A.., tho minister of tho church, occupied the chair. Addresses were delivered by the chairman and Mr. J. P.. Fairfax, and tho choir, as sisted by friends, rendered several anthems and solo.s. Mr. W. Herbert conducted the Ringing, and Mr. Stewart presided at the organ. The crew of the missionary ship John William?) also contributed several hymns in their native tongue. "An Evening with Charles Dickens" was given in tho Congregational Church, Leieh- haj'dt, on Wednesday evening, ai. which tbe Mayor of Leicbhardt (Alderman R. B. Crop- ley) occupied the cbair. The pastor, tho Rov. J. M. Baylcy. rendered the famous Chri.stmaa story. "Marley's Ghost," which was illustrated with some 20 or 30 limelight views. During the evening several musical Items were given by Mr. and Mrs. Jones aud Miss Finch. 