JACK PRICE: Only a Deck Hand, But He Gave His Life For Others. — .«i 17 ..v I suppose not one in a thousand willcare to read a deck hand's story. People call us coarse and vulgar. Granted ; but our work makes us so. There are ladies, 1 fancy, who will shudder at the thought of such a story, and gentlemen who will dip into it carefully, expecting to find a string of oaths. Judge for yourselves whether this tale of Jack Price, my partner, is fit for refined ears. No neerl to tell you of a deck hand's life. A man that heats about in the cold and rain, handling sleety ropes or balancing himself on the gunwale of a coal barge with tweuty feet ol swift water under him, is not apt to be a pretty, kid-gloved, soft-voiced fellow, If his face is red it is because midwinter winds on the' Ohio are not good for the com plexion. He deals with rough work'and is rough himself ; bill his heart is just about as apt to be right as that of a member of Par.iament or a judge.- Wo started from Pittsburg on the George Ilacjinonu in Jiily, Jack and.I, There was a big river, arid we made good time to Louis ville, where we shipped on the Charley Rr.berts, bound for Orleans. To say we found it "hot on the Lower Mississippi gives no idea of the weather. Half the crew were uufi>-. for duty. - One morning there was a whispering among the bovs. ' - " What's up, Jack ?!' said I. Steve- Robinson's down with swamp fever." The bo.\ s gathered in a knot around the capstan. Before long there was a panic among them. The mate shook his head and looked thoughtful. " The man must be put ashore," said the captain. " No, sir!" cried Jack Price. " Who are you ?" "Plain Jack Price; but Steve don't go ashore. It's an outrage to think of doing it." " Who's to nurse him ?" . , " Me'l" " Do you know what swamp fever is t" " Do I know anything ?" "Doubtful." "I'll nurse Sieve, I tell you I We've made five trips together, and if he's put ashore here in the swamp I go with him." "You it is/' said the captain, turning on his heel. "Not another man goes into Steve's state-rooir.." For ten days Steve's room was quaran tined. Nobody but Jack saw the inside of it. We saw him sometimes, carrying some thing to the sick man or sitting on the guards to get a breath of ait ; hut every soul on the boat kept' but of his way We all liked Jack, bat the fever might' be in his clothes, fie began to look pale, but he never grumbled. One day the news came out to us that- Steve was dead. A few hours after we buried him on an island in" the river in a pine box, and t'ae only thing like a prayer said over hint was from jack : God help him 1" The fever did not -spread, and we all breathed freer. , A fevy_evenitig3 after Steve's death I was . on watch at the head of the tow, and Jack was with me. We were puffing at tobies to keep off the mosquitoes.' There was a haze over the water, but the stars were shining. and the broad river was as quiet as a lake. " Jack," said I, "-I've got a raging head ache." "No?" said he, as if he asked a ques tion. He took my hand and held it. " Not fever, is it, Jack ?" " Come aha lie down," was his answer. . A dizziness came over me._fUid. without I wouidne&f-; bave reached my bunk. I remember very little after that. I learned afterwards that I was delirious, but how long I can not lell you. I remem ber Jack's face near me at times as in a dream — the kindliest face you ever saw, not . handsome, 'may-be, but a face with some of God's goodness in1 it. When I got back to' reality again I found Jack bending over me. I 'was in the saunS siate-rooin, and I 'could feel from the motion that the , boat was under way. " How long have 1. been here, Jack i " " Quite awhile,- my boy." ' And where are. we?" ' Not far from- Memphis." " Going up or down 1 ' v " Going home. Don't talk if it tires yon." \- " What was the matter with me, Jack ?" "A touch of fever; but you're better now." " Can't I look out, Jack? It will do me goon to see the sun." He raised me up as gently as a woman would have done, and I looked out through the glass door of the state-room eagerly- as a child. Had the sun ever shone so brightly before? The low wooded shores looked like paradise. No mountain stream ever setined so beautiful to me as the great muddy river. "Jack," said I, when he bad laid me down again, " what can I ever do to pay you?" " Pay me for what?" " Look at me ; I'm thin as a ghost. I must have been sick a long time. You've pulled me through, Jack.' I've done nothing of the kind," said he, laughing. 1 noticed for the first time how very thin and pinched his face was. It seemed as if he had grown old. ' Look at me, Jack ; you've been the best friend I ever had." , He made no answer, but took my hand and pressed it. It seemed as if a mist came between us, and 1 saw big tears standing in Jack's kindly eye;. . I thought I'd. got past this," said he, coughing. Next day he came in smiling, with a ietter.aud some oranges. I went ashore at Memphis, "he explained, 11 and found a letter from sister Annie, They're looking for me home." '' We ll soon be in Pennsylvania again, Jack." . He looked, rne full in the face and smiled. His eyes seemed very large and his checks were bloodless. It saddened me to look at him. " I must go now," said he. "I hope you will enjoy the oranges." I was mending fast, and expected to be out very- soon. Jack' did not come again that day. Next morning the cook brought me a cup of tea. V9"here is?Jack ?" I asked. "Busy;" f ; ; i :: I thought of him ill day, but he did not come. . " Cook," said I, at last. . " I want you to teliine th cf truth about' Jack." " D.m't you fret." be answered. " But I must-know." . " Well,. .he's not abie to be about." " Where is lie?" " In No. 8. ' But you can't go near him ; lie's got the fever 1 Delirious? Wouldn't t;riow iiis ..own mother 1" " - " Who's nursing him ?" "I am — wliiiL'iutie he gets. We can't nake a hospital out of the Charley Huberts." - f _ Cook tried to stop- me," but I staggered- icross the cabin into No. 8. 1 could. liu.'dly recpi- iiize Jack as belay on .he bunk, his face vris so flushed and his ;ves so bloodshot He had" dropped dowri oo weak in Lakemis .clothes off. - 1- took his band and stood beside him. . | " Jwc, mv hnv, what's wrong ?" j "Nothing Sarli." - ' | Jack never said much;. KeSaras better at ! doing than saying. ...... ' j I looked at the poor fellow in despair. I I - . r " 1 1 ' 1 ' nad never nursed a sick person m my life.. .The captain came in while I -sat, th'erej". --- -r " We must have a doctor, captain," said . I. . ' ; " Might as well want a gold. mine, '"he re- r. pDed. : f'j'ifff s i :J " But look at Jack,- captain; What can , I we do?" ' 1 don't know."; . ' i " Sam," said Jack';- looking at me with alj strange expression, " you know my sister. ; Annie ?" " Certainly, Jack." " I want you to tell me about me," " You will scon see her, Jack." " No, Sam ; I'm going." M- -We're both going home." . "Yes, going home. I'm tired I Tired!" " Then rest, Jack. I shall be here." " Take my hand, Sam." "I have your hand, my. boy. Try to sleep." "Yes," he went on, pointing, "there's Annie at the door. She looks more and more like mother as she grows older. ; Sne's glad to see me from the way she . smiles." " Indeed she is, Jack." j " That's Sam's voice; he got over the fever well. I believe I had it, too. Hear old Point barking at the gate ; he's most as glad . as Annie to see me back. Ah, Sain, it's good | co be back in Pennsylvania— God's country I j Annie I Annie 1' | He fell " hack in a stupor, with his eyes set. ' ' . 1 I felt a spasm pass through his frame, after which his hand lay in mine like a life less thing. I looked up questioniugly at the" captain. - - " God help him 1 He is dead, " Oh, surely not!"-' Dead I" he repeated. Only when I bent over him did I believe Jack was dead. ( i " He died working for others," said the captain, and in iieu of better words these must stand for his epitaph. ' : I can only tell Jack's story in a plain way; I c;iu not fill your eyes with vt tars as mine are filled, as there is no art behind my words. You read of good men — unselfish . and heroic men that poets sing of and his torians immortalise — but here there was one that nobody ever heard of. Who was there to read a funeral service over him in a lonely place on the river bank next day? Who prayed over the rough pine box I Not a prayer, not a hymn at -the funeral ; only Some tears that camt. of genuine grief. We - left him there on the river bank with apiece of driftwood to mark his grave, which the j next flood would sweep away. I found a little flower growing there — a violet, I think, which I brought away for Annie. j Jack was as homely a man as ever you saw, a big, raw boned fellow, with a twinkle of the eye that-made one laugh. Had you been hunting for a man of polish and edu cation you woud not have picked him out. His head had anot been cultivated at the expense of his heart. He u.-.cd strong. lti-n- giia.-e sometimes when, a rope got tangled or tie run pa worked hard or the eotree" didn't suit him. Iam not trying to picture him , as perfect.; I want- you to know him as he was. Ilia voice in a sick-room was us gen tle as a child's ; 'he- had a big tender heart, kindlier tV.an most women have, and a hand that -served a frieud' '.until 'Yeady.: toJdrop'.'. from wcaiiuess. I renumber h.im as' lie i bent over 'me. while I lay helpless with fever, ' a kindly light beaming in his iac-.- that beau- j -titled it. I learned then'how imt-eitish be ! was, and my heart went out . to b'im, as j you s would btiVe gone had you known i him. This was Jack at his 'best. 