LONIKJX U2TTEK. London, April 5. H my column, -this week, Is to be a-. foove tlie dread conciseness of a market report, I fear I cannot go beyond the limit of subjects to-be heard of over here, Wliidi are of Immediate interest to. Jbw«s folk. For .among them X find prevailng a lack of sensational or £06sipy Jtgms, thai Is most depressing. I mightifinS yon si small dish.of ecsta tic nullities of the flavor of social jot-] tings, bnthave more respect for read ers than, $0 offer that; there would bcl ?>59 freshness in it, nothing ominous or' exciting; rt would be going and com-: \- ings and doings, as bald oflnterest as j the progress of a policeman, whose beat ] lays ^exclusively along blank walls,] srith nary an area, gate- or kitchen window in the whole iengtli of it. And by the same *oken, if I am restricted "to less than - half-a-dozsen objects here likely to engage the attention of a Tow ers te, there is distinguished precedent j for that bind of thing-the lyres of long ago that liad It is said, sueli mar . Tdlons music as to make even peb bles and sticks rat up and listen, they had only three strings. Of course things colonial are going along as usual; but, without the ghost of a sensation among tliem-without a rise, a fall, a. smash, birth, death, trans modification of any signal note what ever ; they are apt to strike one as dwindling near to nbthingess, or to ab out the dimensions of a pinhead of wa ter in the Niagara of news that is pour ing through the papers. 'And yet, come to look at it critically, fs there any news, or is it something rebellions amongst one's internals that onuses one now aw«i -then from the* easy ettoalion of a self-effacing and microscopic brick in the moving mosa ic,on which the- qualified son never 'sets, to a person with the sense of responsibility and restless weight upon Us sbonlders,sucliasis reported to have been the late Mr. Atlas ? For sure^ if yonlet yourself loose on the imminent problems of the moment, and jfca&e; any heed whatever, of 'the con tents bills of the afternoon papers-es pecially of theha.'pennies-you spend yonr life on the verge of cataclysm (a kind of upheaval, I believe) ; yon find yonrself, as It were, suspended by an al ; together insufficient fastening above ? the cedhbt throat of a crater. The age is oheaey, that te a Cact, and wheiheritis mainly Hie rantings of; busy bodies .arid the palings of pessi-| mists tJiat cause the uneasiness- there] it'Is. These be those who'1 say, and of] course prove It by figures, that Eng land's mastery of Hie seas is& mere ] myth, waiting explosion by the gun fire that starts her first engagement ] with any first-rate power. They will | tell yon onr commerce 1B huge, sluggish, I vulnerable, having utterly outgrown onr means of defending it In time of war; <that three months after ttie decla ration* ofhbstilitiessaiewfll toe on her; -knees starring. Then France is suffer- ] ing from twenty-odd years of peace, 1 and.spoiling forja row. Her adult: male populatton is reported to tie one j gigantic, "weft-drilled battalion, pant-1 Ing for la glorie, while as a maritime: power-^ie is close on tlie heels of Eng- ] land. Hence, outbursts of patriotism and' (enterprise of every description, such as tiie Panama and the blackmail ing businessat home, and colonization schemes (with a stationary population) abroad- If she could let off sufficient steam -infMadagascar <whither she had to chart&Englidi; ships to take her war- tixings, but that is a detail), and confine herself to mere insult of Eng land at home, it might be well, but j&en; there is the Kiger, and the Kile, and Egypt It is bard to believe that out of all this, France will not bring trouble to some one besides herself. Then we are told Japan has schemes for managing the beaten Chinamen from Tokio, by turning China into a bind of Japanese colony. To this, of coarse, nfeither England nor Russia can consent, and we are warned that the mattor cannot In any decent proba bility be decided peacefully. But these things reach you by post, and cable and each one reads them according to his humor. International feeling is tense in places, and the century is tot tering fosirsomely to its grave, and won dering what lies t'other side. The mis take lies in raising one's head from one's own appointed work, and in tak ing the situation any way but humor ously. Sir Thomas M'llwraitii isimproving slowly, we are told, and occasionally sees a few people. He has made no sort of official or comprehensive state 111 ent, tbat 1 ha vie seen, on colonial affairs. Sir Thomas isnot an agree able person to interview. Afeataire in the week's mining has been the slump in Londonderries, "Of coarse," we are told by newspa pers, limpid with veracity, " the mine itself is absolutely sound." Of course, i The shipment of Australian horses by the-Celtic King is positively to be land ed on the 12th, I am told, when X trust to see them set 'hoof on English soil, and to tell you of the impression they make here. - Their arrival is being look ed forward to with very great interest here amogst all classes of horsey men, for that the venture may have big possi bilities behind it is as'dearly recognis ed this side as it is on yours. We are back towards winter, and the buds are in a state of manifold hes itancy whetiier to unfold, while songs of praise of tlie weather of three weeks ago are in short supply. I do not know if it has frozen again, but it has been so near it for several weeks, at evening and night, that only a very consientious thermometer could have told the diff erence: ? " ' " 