FROM YESTERDAY'S LATE EDITIONS. NEWS AND NOTES The share market at Bendigo was rather quieter to-day. Latest gossip in regard to the New South Wales, election in a telegram, which will be found on this page. In the Criminal Court to-day William Alexander Arkoll pleaded not guilty to a charge of horse-stealing at Glenhope East. The jury, without leaving the box, acquitted him. The South Melbourne Council is busily engaged to-day in revising the municipal rolls. There are a large number of objec- tions to be dealt with, but the proceedings are of the "dry as dust" order. The Brunswick "ghost" appeared to a boy at Collingwood last night, and al- most paralysed him with fright. The lad, who was returning from night school, had to be taken home by a constable. Sir Graham Berry gave evidence before the Banking Commission this afternoon. He advocated the establishment of a State Bank for the issue of notes, but not for the carrying on of ordinary banking business. Captain Beesey, of the Julia Percy, found guilty of misconduct only in con- nection with the collision between that vessel, the Albatross and the lighter Howard. He was cautioned, and ordered to pay L9 9s costs. A rumor was persistently circulated on Change in Melbourne to-day that the fire in the Proprietary mine had been extinguished. Our message from the Bar- rier shows that the rumor is unfounded. The fire is still raving. "The Herald" has investigated the monetary-lending case brought to light in such a tragic manner at Oakleigh, where a financially harassed man named Mashiter committed suicide. The money- lender's explanation is given in another column this evening. Interesting reading. The Carlton police require an owner for a heavy black chesterfield coat left at the residence of Messrs Robinson Bros., wheelwrights, Leicester street, Carlton, by some persons unknown who had bur- glariously entered the premises early yesterday morning and stolen two over- coats. His Honor Judge Gaunt this morning gave a verdict for the plaintiff, with costs, in the action John McGee against Law- rence Dale, for the recovery of L205 15s 8d, being the amount of a promissory note with interest added. The defendant, who is a commercial traveller, alleged that he never signed the note. The fire is still raging at Block 11 in the Broken Hill Proprietary. The bot- tom of the quarry where the outbreak originated threatens to fall in at any moment, the timbering beneath having been completely destroyed. Nearly all the reducing works have been stopped so as to conserve the water supply. Information was received by the police authorities this afternoon of the arrest of Charles B. Lucas, at Claremont Northern Queensland, on a charge of embezzling as a servant the sum of L20, the moneys of the Chiltern and Rutherglen Amalgamated Miners Association. A constable will be sent to Claremont to bring the accused back to Victoria. Mr. McBride, chairman of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, who left here yesterday afternoon for the Barrier to direct the fire extinguishing opera- tion is going to try an experiment. He taken with him a large quantity of car- bonic acid, which is to be burned in the mine, the fumes of the acid being calcu- lated to stifle the flames. The chairman and secretary of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company and Deputy Chief Officer O'Brien, of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade, arrived at Adelaide this morning on their way to the Barrier. They left the South Australian capital again at 10.30 by special train and should reach Broken Hill about mid- night. A special meeting of the Executive Council, presided over by the Acting- Governor, was held to-day at the Law Courts. The Ministers present were Mr. Isaacs and Mr Best. An Order-in- Council was passed extending the time for payment of income tax by those who were not assessed before 20th May to 19th August. Mr. George Meir, who conducted the case for defendant, in the action Smith v. Syme, informed one of our representa- tives that this afternoon that Mr. Syme's costs in the action would be, as nearly as pos- sible, L4000. Of this, L1800 went in witnesses' and jurors' fees, while the balance includes the cost of taking evi- dence on commission, etc. A remarkable story, seeming to show that murder begets murder, told in our cable messages this evening. A man named Harrison attended court all day. and listened to the details of the charge against the man Moore who, as cabled to us last evening, had killed his wife by striking her on the head with pieces of furniture. Harrison went home from court and cut the throat of his widowed mother. The poor woman is not likely to recover. The arrest and conviction of Patrick Monaghan, alias Charlie Jackson, particulars respecting which appear else- where, will, Superintendent Brown be- lieves, have the effect of putting a stop to any more safe robberies being committed for some time to come. It is alleged that this man is the most expert safe robber in the colonies. His record shows that he has been a criminal for years. The de- tectives have proceeded against him for vagrancy on several occasions, but he al- ways managed to escape when engaged in safe robberies. As illustrating the advantage of the "square set" system of timbering in mines the "Broken Hill Graphics" says that "as a gardener passes from bed to bed cutting flowers of various hues with which to form a bouquet, so the manager of the Proprietary mine can go from place, to place underground, and cause a selec- tiou of ores to be made such as can be most easily treated, and in this way pro- duce an output of bullion that is more fragrant to the shareholder than the scent of many flowers." The Full Court this afternoon dismissed an appeal against the decision of the North Melbourne justices, by whom it was held that one Leo Hansmont had not committed a breach of the Medical Act by putting the letters "R. M. D." and the word "registered" after his name in pamphlets which he had issued. The ap- peal was brought before the Court by Charles Garlach, an officer of the Vic- torian branch of the British Medical As- sociation. 