fill* 'Sii^nT^itM . siTowff accuses BY HOUGHTON TOWJS'LEr. Chapter II. THE DINNER AT THE ' STAG ' AND WHAT CAME OF IT— THE INQUEST ? 'WITHOUT A STAIN UPON III3 CHARACTER.' They are not all young men though. There is one there, a pale, thin, cadaver ous man oE forty, who seoms out of place among the rollicking yonng fel lows at the board. Hote him well. Ha is Stephen Mark ham, solicitor, agent, and trastee of the Chesfield estates. He haa been invited as a matter of form, though no one cares for his company. He is the deadhead at the feast and sits near Phil. Already he has been insulted by some facetious . young man, who has dropped a remark in an. aggressivo half whisper about 1 Lantern-jaws,' He flashes an ugly look in the direction from which the wards come ; it is the look of a man who knows how to hate. The fan grows fast and furious ; the wine flows not wisely but too well, and as the evening advances the landlord glances nervously at his plate-glass mir rors and the other breakable ware in dangerous proximity to the more rowdy revellers. Stephen Markham is the only one who does not drink freely. Phil half ban teringly, half sneeringly, chide3 him for looking- bo gloomy, and annoys him by asking if the friends of bis youth never tanght him how to drink champagne. The deadhead darts a look of fierce re sentment and tries to laugh, but in vain. More wine, more drinking of healths, more shouting. Phil is beginning to feel he has had nearly enough. ?The. toast! The toast ! Pauline Chester! The rose of Ilche3ter ! Long life and happiness?' shouts the deep . voice of^Eddie Wilde above the din, as, glass in hand, he leaps upon his chair. One or two of the more sober ones noted that his 'face was very pale and his . strong voice husky. It must have cost ? him a pang to propose that toast. The whole party follow his example, ? and shout a wild hurrah. . Somebody ?fills tip half a tumbler of champagne for ' Phil. He does not notice it, neither . ? do'e3 he see the gl'ass of fiery liqueur which a foolhardy, half-drunken yonth dashes into it. It is pressed into his hand and he tosses.it off. The room be . gins to whirl, and the laughter and shouting become deafening with a noise like thunder. ' After that he only has a vague recol ,. lection of what happened. But he remem bers that there was a fierce altercation .about nothing, and that Eddie told him l' ' not to be a fool, but come out and get home.' He remembers, also, being con vulsed with a mad rage, against his : friend, and snatching up his gun with an unconquerable desire to shoot him. He recalls the shout of laughter that ; went up as they held him back, and then— then all was a whirl, a blank. ^ And now ? * a * a ':''; His horror as he gazed upon the dead body of his friend was terrible. With the first instinct of guilt he gazed fear ? fully round, and saw that he was alone with the deed and the morning mists, ; and that near him stood no witness. Through his mind flashed all the proba bilities of the future — the disgrace, the inquest, the trial, the gallows, and — Pauline. It would kill her. She would loathe him — she who had given him her great love, and told him it was her very life. Was there no escape ? No one had seen the deed. Shonld he turn coward and fly ? Oh, the dull throbbing of his brain — if it would only stop and let him think! Gradually he saw the situation more clearly. There was no escape. Yet — Pauline 1 Ho could not face her with this stain upon his soul. He could not bear to think that she would know him to be a drunkard and a murderer — it was too horrible. He must escape. Tremblingly he picked up the fatal weapon and his hat. With one last look of terror, and one great sob of grief, be bont over the prostrate form of his dead friend, murmuring, ..' Eddie ! Ed dio ! I did not mean it, Eddie 1' He 4 put out his band to touch the cold clay in a last farewell, but a sudden fear came over him, and he crept away and walked with harried, unsteady steps, never looking backward till he reached his home. He let himself in with a key, as he would have done late* the night before, and no one saw him enter old Chesfield . Hall. Besides, there wns only an elderly housekeeper in the wandering old place. He had only formally taken pos session the day before, and there was no other servants yet. Acting more on impulse than discre tion, he undressed and wont to bed. He realised flight was useless ; he would be passivo and wait for the next to happen. « * » - « When the morning sun wa3 well up a labourer on his way to work found the dead body of Edgar Wilde, shot in the hend. The news spread like wildfire, and all those who had seen him the night before marvelled, whi!o all sorts of rumors went Hying about. Phil rose from bed nt eight o'clock in the morning at the call of his honsc! Icceper as thongh nothing had happened. Ho went about the house and the gar den the ghost of his former self, striving to keep up an appoarance of naturalness and innoconco. But beforo the day was over ho realised the hopelessness of his position, and prepared himself for the worst. In tho ovening of that day ho re ceived a subpmna to appear at the in quest in tho morning. Ho felt it was his death warrant. After a sleepless night, ho arrayed himself in black, and, walking like one in a trance, mado his way to the Stag Inn, where the coroner aud his jury were assembled. His face was blanched to a deathly htie, and as he approached, the knot of idlers outside t »e inn made way for him respectfully. Some touched their hats, others whispered together. Like a man moving to the scaffold, he entered the court-room, speaking to. no body, appearing not to notice his friends, many of whom were assembled there, and seated himself in a chair at the for end of the room. Every one respected his grief, and he was left alone. Presently Dr. Chester enters, and leaning on his arm is his daughter Pau lino. She is of medium height, with the face of an angel, a clear white skin, lns strous, thoughtful eyes, and a lithsome step. She is very grave and pale to- day, and there is no sign of the bewitching smile and the rippling laugh that lin gered so long in the memory of the love sick swain who came under the spell of her beauty. Phil staggers to his feet. The colour comes and goes in his lips. She ad vances to him, and takes his cold hand. ' Oh, Phil, this is dreadful — dread- ful.' Tears fill her eyes as she Bees tho awful agony in his face. He sinks back again in his chair. ' Never mind, Phil,' whispers, pressing his listless hand in hers ; ' you have lost him, but you have still got me.' ' She does not know yet,' he thinks, and sits bowed down, silent and resigned for the coming denotement. ' The blow has not fallen yet. If she could only be spared. How could he get her out of the court ? ' The jury are dropping in one by one, and the coroner has arrived. Ho holds a short consultation in whispers with his officer, and seeing Phil (whom he knows) looking so terribly dejected, and the cynosure of all eyes, goes over and speaks to him in an undertone. ' I hope you are not upset by the idle gossip that is going about,' he says ; 1 there is no cause for anxiety. My officer tells mo that the case is very plain and simple, and there and there is a very, clear solution of the whole sad business. His cheerful tones raised a faint look of surprise. The court is assembled, and the hide ous inquisition begins. Phil's hands clench ; there is fight left in him yet. He determines to say no more than he can help. Pauline watches the working of his face, and hears nothing of the pro ceedings. Her tears flow freely in sympathy as she watches her lover's agony. 1 How he must have loved Eddie,' she thinks. ' Can I do nothing to soften his grief ? Does he love me like that, I wonder ?' . Phil's heart is throbbing and his brain reeling. He dimly realises that witnesses are being called to give evidence of indentification, and he hears the grating voice of Stephen Markham say that hq is there to represent the family of the deceased, instructed by telegram from America, where the deceased, 8 parents are travelling. {To be continued.) 