BRIEF MENTION. Bishop Julius is indulging in some plain speaking in New Zealand. He said upon a recent occasion - I never saw so much bad coin in all my life. To offer to the church-the cause of God-money that the baker or the butcher would not accept shocks me; the man who would do that sort of thing allowing their cases to go before the Court. Magistrates don't make laws, but simply see that they are carried out. One law of the land is that Victorian born children must be vac- cinated, and there's no get away from it. Some husbands who can afford the expense send their wives across the Murray to be confined, and thus evade the law. Those who cannot afford this have either to vaccinate, be fined or go to gaol. The dress agsworn at the ball--faded yellow nun's veiliu, with a lump spray of flowers andtawdi'ry'bits of lace ind 'ribbon. As thlie? reporter madr? it appear in the .-4iety paper-Haihd some buttercup -ilk, irofusely'tri?oni ed itli rich lac- E, finished ofl wvith silk streamers. ' Spurgeon says that the 'secret, hope of a man is a truer test. boliio.t ion dition before God than tiie acts of any one day, or even the pub!lic devotions of on'e year." A good story is told of a. shrewish Scotchwoman who tried "to wean her husband front the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten Satidy on his way home' " Wha are you f" said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him fromn behind a bush. "I am Auld Nick," was the !reply.;, Conme awa', mon," said John, nothing, daunted ; "gie's a shake o' your hand-I am married tae a sister o'yours. ....... A local tote: proprietor, so report says, placed' £1010, in the Colonial Bank as a result of his cup week oper ations. A variety of different coins-A witness in the Collingwood Court. The goods left over from the Jap anese Festival in connection with St. Andrew's church,. Clifton Hill were sold on Friday and Saturday- evenings of last week, and realised £13. 10s. Garden fete in aid of Fitzroy-street missioni o? Saturday. at :" Keiinal,' the residence of Mr. Edvwards, Burke road north, .opposite ,Barker's-road, Camberwell. Police are keeping a very vigilant eye on the totes, the days of which are said to be 'numbered. Forged notes.going round. Mr. McCay has been elected to the seat' rendered vacant by the death iof Sir Jaiid e Patterson." Mr.' 'MCCaj beat his opponent (Mr. Gordon) by ten votes. Price of eggs (ducks') gone up since a recent cricket match played in Fitzroy. Mr. O. -A.: Broadent, well-known musiidian aid conductor died 'oi Tues day. A loss to teetotal and. religious circles. Objectionable postcards withdrawn. If a new broom be immersed in boiling water until it is quite cold, then thorougly dried in the air, it will last much longer. Frequent moistenr ing of the broom is conducive to its usefulness, and also saves the carpet. More women, in rational costume. In side streets the new woman (hard faced, ancient damsels as a rule)can be seen hard at it on a bicycle trying to act the man. No wonder she gets chivvied but the hard-faced ones are not at all tliiniskinned. Rain still wanted. The efllicacy of prayer wa;s fairly tested last Sunday. Only a light shower or two as the re sult.' Bread rising, and will go higher still so the knowing ones say. This i? owing, to severe, drought.strange but true that bakers foon run the the price of bread up, but take their time in reducing.' : Nothing but horrors and tragedies. The Dacres ,were earninig £15 each per week. . The' Baico court has given 'a verdict for the Age in. the Speight v.Syme case. 'Mir.. Spli'htgh halki albnt appeal ing to the Privy council . Melbourne City Council voted ?i500 as the mayor allowance for the ensuing year.. A Gatling gun fires five thousand shots in a minute In the United States in every 10,000 deaths there are 300 annually from typhoid fever. When taken from mines opals are so tender they can be picked to pieces with the finger-nail. Railways in Holland are so care fully managed that the 'accidental deaths on them average only one a year for the entire country. Nealy every workman in Italy wears a beard, on account of the cost of shaving. Now it is proposed to aid the barbers ,by putting a tax on Many of the South Sea Islanders believe that Paradise can be'inherited only by persoso of perfect phyaical forms. Where this belief prevails a man iwill, die rather than submit to amputation "". Revd. Mr. E. S. Hughes favors the granting of the frainchise .to womaiin. Perhaps this will account in:a measure for his great popiularity" ai;iong the fair sex in Fitzroy. '?. :;-'';.',?v\ 