Figg-'Aw yon at all interested in BBcret orders ?, Fogg-'Only in connection with die soda fountain at the drag store." 'STaes,' raid Cholly, the guvnah gives me money to burn, but I don't do it, y* know, going to the races is quickah.' (£an you read my last poem in the miga* zine?' %o, bu* if it's really your last just n*w»B the magazine, and 1*31 bay it.' .WeH.' 8aid the monkey to. the organ grinder as he sat on top of the organ, Tm wjmply carried away with the music.' Cholly-'Why do BO many of the girl* ge married in JnneP 'June brides,* you know.* Polly-That's easy. It's becouse they're asked,' Biggs-'Why does Brown alwaps write his jokes on such thin paper ?' Diggs-'So the editors can see through them I suppose.' Once more the summer brings to view This most extraordinary chap: The father from tile sea he gets. The more be wean that boating cap. 'What makes you think he earea for you?* * Why, mamma talked to him for more than an hour last evening, and he seemed to enjoy It!' 'When an 18-year old save her mother won't let her accept aa invitation to a party it ie certain that the wrosg person has asked her to go.* Tommy's Pop-'Why is it the little boy who lives across the street seems to ha?e no friends?' Tommy-' Why hie father's a baeeb&U; umpire,' Casey-'Phut made Mulligan fail off d» ladder? Did hie fat shlipP1 tleilly-£ft did cot. Oi told him a joke an hour ago an* mre he jisfcnow tumbled,' Our English dang is very queer According to report, A fofoot 6 high beck cashier In MB accounts is short, Ts.;k about dayiight robbery being the height of imposition/ said the mati as he shook his fist at the gtts meter, 'it is not in it with gaslight robbery. Ne.' He-*?ou see, the free coinage ot silver v.auld icflate p ices * She-'Wouldit? 1t>ea you'd better let me hare some money so I can get in some bargains at once.' Base-"And of which variety is your wife, the clinging vine or the self assertive ?* Cass -: A little of both. When she wants a new d'&BS; or e sew bonnet, she generally begins m the clinging vine roll; If that doesn't bring < he money, then she changes to the self assertive and-well-she invariably gets fclie dress or the bonnet.4 Man with tqe gloomy liver Cease to deplore toy fate; G>fc out toward th* river And go to digging bait! Ho jack-The air seems rarer than ft used to bi>.' Tomdik ] *Weli. perhaps it is nm>r. Ton fcuow th»t a good d®«l » beiog used in pneuua&ie; bicycle tyres now.* \- . to twi g. up n the gate, « ju»" a? « vt*».tide; lb*t>-*' i w II h sr f' . eght Qi tuDif else bedde, A newspaper called the Empty Bottle has been founded iu Houston, Tes. A fishing schooner with a freering plant on board tofreeze the fish as £m£ asoaoght is now plying from Gloucester. Every animal kept by man, excepting the cat, ia faxed in Austria, and now there is a proposal to tax cats in that country. A Chinese proverb says: 'A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to " In Rngland tho *eat-o-nine-fcails' ii only used on criminsls who commit 'robbeiy with violence,' and itiswd that the crime has in creased inetead of diminished under the sap' posed .reformatory* effect of lash. Plants growing near the sea have thicker leaves than those growing inland. Appar* ently the eea salt is the case of this phenome non, as plants cultivated in artificially-salted soil yield thicker leaves. An indication of the growth of American travel aboard is furnished by the publication of a tourists* guide designed solely for Amer icans In England. Xt iB issued by the Great Western Hallway The largest telegraph office in the world is in the general postofiice building, London. There are over3000 operators, 1000of whom are women. The batteries are supplied by 30,000 cells. The love of Londoners for flowers is uni* versa!, 8o great Is the demui t that their .altivation for the London market constitutes on of the most thriving industries of tie day. The 18 months old daughter of a New York man died from a mosquito bite. The bite made the child restless, and it scratched it continually, causing inflammation. The cross made instead of a signature did not originate£in ignoranoe. It was always appended to signatures in mediaeval times $e on attestation of good faith. A German of science who lives at Florence states that the insane occupants of San dalvi howled and screamed for day. before the recent earthquake. On May IS a pane white earn vm indeed up neer Sherbum Colliery Station, England. The bilti, which isa young one, has the bill, Seat and legs white. A London restaurant is said to on an electrically-heated plate to keep one's food vum. There is no danger of receiving a manufacturers «n com ofAe competition of eaxpets a*d rogB made by prison labor in British In dia. There are a^L toiwaOd mwieniuliinr York who go t> Europe twice a year to biy their dresses. The number of men who cro?« the water for their new wardrobe is much greater, as many men take the opportunity of ruaning ovar to Europe 'or rest, recreation and buiia^ss ail combi ed. It is £aid that Queen Victoria has had a chair constructed which will support her ia a standing position while receiving visitors. The chair is cunningly arranged, so that its form is covered with legal draperies, and re* part says it would deoeive anyone who didn't know it was there. *Woc3»pnlp cotton* is made from white* wood which has been macerated with chem* teals until if can be drawn into a thread. The threads to produced can be readily woven, and it is said that' cotton uuck* made from them can be readily washed. A chemical works on the banks of the Bhone, is the canton of Geneva, is devoted to the mauafactur^ of artificial musk, and it ie found that the fishes, more esppcially the trout in the river, which are caught in the neighborhood, have a musky aavor. Caged lions and tigers, pumas and jaguars take no notice of the men and women pass ing in front of them, but let a dog be brought near the cage, and they show their savage nature at once, and spring up, glaring out savagely. It is said that when the common easth worm is cut in two, to the tail there growB a head, and two animals are formed. As the wound heals, * small white button forms, which afterwards develops into rings and a prfet extremity Grant-'Can it be possible that Hawkins is in lore irift that fat &Af; Why, die wocbfi SOO at least.* Hobbe - 'No; I don't bdMbA ia lort; Wf jortisfctorted.' liny had * W&b; lamb 5 Wm her it used to.ebMy, But it fled when Maty read Iter piece Oi graduation day, Blobba -Hw say an «tv is never afraid to' live in an haunted house.' trlobbs-l suppose because he ie usually full of spirits anyhow.* Blobbs-and then he always likes to see the ghost walk,' 'Do yOu know1 gushed Miss Mayflower *1 think Jack is very much interested in palm is try. Hetold me he paid (35 one evening last week just to 100k at another man's hand," Why does the poet look so cad? Why ishia life a wreck ? He always gets his poems back, And never gets a check. jDumleigh-'What makes you think young Phether Waite ie a drummer for a bicycle coacern?' Ohumleigh-'Anybody c&u; eec that He carries samples in his head. Dolly-1 told Mr Nicefellow that I bet Beg gie twenty kissee our boat would win a race at the rqgatta!' Daisy-'Well wasnt he ahoeked?' Dolly-'No, I let him hold the stakes.' Eire (in the art gallery)-'£ wonder if mv hat is on straight everybody etarea at me s He--^Naturally they do. You're the most perfect picture here, And now the cards are out,* Husband-'This cake as very good, my dear; but it eeeme to me liters ought to be a little more-, Wife (in clear incisive times) ?-That cake came by mail and was made by your mother,' Husband-Teg, as I was saying, there ought to be a little more of it. Ton have been a good while getting upstairs said lEes Stauute, who with her lord and mas ter waa etopping at one of «ur hotdU. 'Ye?,, replied Smarts; 1 stopped to take aa elevator .Oh, yon seed cot have taken the trouble to tell me,' said Mrs S. tossing her head, *£ smelt your breath the moment you entered the room. Baas-'Do you know that fendenwnua regular lady killer P' Oasa £ suspected as muoh from what he aaid about the woman in the big hat Justin front of him at the theatre the outer night,' .Alberta-'I do wieh.it were not the custom to wear the engagement ring only on the third floger of one's Itftbnd, \AI~thta So do I. leant get more than h;l£ mr enga gement rings on at one time now.' 