LOCAL AND GENERAL 'ITEMS. -0 - It is proposed to establish t Court of Petty Sessions'at Dapto. A township site is being laid out on the Fuller estate, Lake Illawarra, Mr. Spurgia, a very old resident of the Milton distriot, passed away on Friday last at the age of 79 years, The contractor for the now post and telegraph ofilue at Robertson has com moenced the building, which is to cost £1000. A throe day's .azaar, in .aid of St. David's Church at Burrawang, proved successful, the proceeds amounting to about £70., General Booth has been requested by the Queensland Government to place his proposals with respect to the Darkest England scheme before them in writing. To-night the Jubilee Sacred Choir will occupy the Oddfellows' Hall, and judging frpm the composition of the programme,. a real treat is in store for those who attend. The principal parts of the Nowra streets were watered on Friday last to keep down the dust, To effset the sameine purpose in Kiama would almost mean pumping the-sea dry. Thus th" owra "Loader' i-" It is so quiet in am," says ;Blodger, "that he has la awake t night and listened to the b ticking Thieis a stale-a vel'stal -joke, dger. A meeting of thoIllawarra 'resbyto was held in the Presbyterian Church, Kiama, yesterday afternoon, being attended by the ministers of the district, The business transacted was principally of a formal nature, Following is the result of .the election of directors of the Fresh Food & Ice Co,'s. Creamery G.t Dapto for the on suing year:-Messrs. E. R, Evans, George Lindsay, jun., John Webb, Peter Ryan, and Patrick Ruftory. There is again a big, demand for grass-tree gumini Sydney, 'he gum is to be found in large quantities about Jorvis Bay, and Messrs. James, Joseph and Richard Dent, of that place, have lately received orders for some 60 tons of the commodity. The man M'Donald, who was arrested for personuting a Government official in the Grafton district, and. defrauding settlers under that guise on the pretext of exeo?pting them from the Land.Tax1. pleaded guilty on Friday last, and was sentonced to twelve mouths in Grafton gaol. On Thursday afternoon last a lad named Woods, residing at Mount Kembla, was pricking a detonator with a pin, w'hen it exploded, blowing off the tops of his thumb and one -'finger, besides imbedding several pellets about the eye. It is hoped that his eyesight will be saved, A special meeting of the Kiama Pro. gross Association fias! been called 'for Wednesday (to-nmorrdw) evening, to receive and decide upou a communica tion from"Alderrumn ~. S. Wblle, Mayor of Kiama, refusing to entertain the Progress Uomumitte's proposal to'moet in conference,. The Rev, M. U, Parkinson is - to deliver a lecture in the Sohool of Arts next Thursday evening, the subject being "Illustrious Boys." The title alone should induce a. number of the young folk to attend, asn the loeture is principally intended for their odifica. tion, as well as amusement. Yesterday Mr. Jno, Watson, whose industry and energy is sod ell known, brought into town from his orchard at Jamberoo some- of the tiuestloeiions we have over 'son in' the district, one of the largest weighing llb.,the rind being absolutely without blemish, and unsuripassuble for prederving purposes,. Mr,:A., Banger, son of Mr. Alfred Ranger (who was widely :known in Kiamn), has loft Mr. O,' h; Stevison's establishment, and accepted a position in !'; itoiore :i'lMtarivllnmbah, on 'the T'weed'?River, .:' Iio left Kianma bi-the Suialky ::moroimg "train: for Sydiney, fro.wheioo he ,will proceeood to' 'his deatinutiin.' " On Sunday afternoon a,very pretty. sight was witnessed from Kiuama of a large steamer which ipassed close inshore on lir way tb yduey, The saon being almost doeud calmu, rendered the sight all the moroe distinot, the passengers on board boing-plainly .visibloe l'l boat is supposotes to be the. Avala fromn Calicutta. On Saturday last thIKo:iiama voluui teeorsweont through theitiannual inspoo tion under Lieutenant-Oulonuel TLaunton, A.Q.M;t''. At the obnclusion of the variois maneouvres the Lieutenant Colonel oxpressed the opinion that th;" KXiama Uompany were tliohe modst attonlitive and orderly body of men he hnd itnpooted in the colony, ':. Aocihrding to a Western Australia onewltipoi, the eon-of Mr, A; G,'Rudisell, lato of the .Royal .Eqtol, 'Kiamaa hits mysteriously disappeared fromn Belmnojlt, whore he was residing with his parents. 'Phoe boy rams away frum honie on iccobunt of a "hiding". he. had. been -promised.. 'libs bo0ite "and s0tockisgs .nd eonio 0food were disco.voered in .a olat i.n wvhicoh he lid ilit'tifdod rnlwin to"Pierth in soarch of iwork, It is feaiiid that ho riay lhave fiiloeu oveorboud, ado l4thus lhiee lidb -:'i. - WOLXFE'S SCOIiNAPPS : 2" tsl combined result of patei renearcho itfq?bshoioal ktio eledge.I Ist'i a.bopoaslIk 19 1991I a91499I' Rdf " Sullday next is set apart for ,the preaching of temperance serimonv inl thli chldrclhes throughout the colony. Attontion is called to an advertiseo meont in our present issue inmirted' by the half-holiday moveelont officials, The Salvation Armny in Sydney. are having ia high old tihn. The meetings held',y Gdaeoruil Booth and his.staff of attendants have boon crowded to ox 0085, Attention is drawn to an advertise ment in anotheor part of this issue call ing for tenders for the position .of' engineer, and also for manager and weighmiu, of the Gorringong Dairy Company. .Our now Governor, Lord Hampden, and. suite, will arrive in Sydneuoy on Thursday next by the R.M.S.T"1ima. laya, Groat preparations are being made for the' Governor's reception, and Sydney will be eolfete on the day of his arrival. - Mark. Twain, who is attracting crowded audiences in' New Zealand, will return to Sydney about the middle of December, and before. starting for India ho will give the farewell lectures in Sydney. \e hope he will not leave any more ghosts behind him. A recent visitor to the now famed waterfall on the side of the -Jam boroo Mountain informs us that the track to the same is' be coming very, distinct, consequont upon the number of visitors who wend their way thereto, tHe also says that if any visitor is desirous of inscribing his or her name on the cliffs adjoining, they ,had bettor' make :haste, as some hundreds are now to be seen there. In ref uce to an advertisement in ted in i' laec Tuesday's issue, re , Eliza ti son v. William Oh tie, sol d t property advor tise vaso4o old o account of a claim by Ohristie's si o Miss Mary T. Ohristie of Erskinevilh, S'ydney, which claim w1, barred on Friday last by order of -a Supreino Court Judge. Therefore, t~e remainder of the property will be sold ,b-morrow, as advertised in this issue. A great sensation has booeen caused in Sydney by the stiicido of the two Dacres, husband and wife, two theatrical stars, Mrs. Daosp, whose stage name was Miss Amy Roeslle, with her husband, only recently returned from a tour through: New Zealand, whither they had gone from Australia, The pair mutually. decided to compiit suicide-it is sup posed- through the non-success of their plays, Date shot his 'wife with a revolver and then out his own throat. They had previously arranged to diu togethe, r. The awful crush which still continueo at'Eudorby's fruit shop in Terralong street is something to be remembered. Both Mr. and Mrs. Enderby are at their wits' end to know how to serve their customers fast' enough. Another heavy cargo of choice summor fruit was received by train last evening, and Mr. Endorby has decided to sell the same cheaper than 'over, He is very foolish for so doing, as the people only codme the oftener, and he is compelled to work harder to keep up with the demands,* 