Chapter XXXVI.—Selloh's Last Lie. But that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication--the reserve not to say coldness, of his reception by the family would have astonished Sellon not a little. Now, however, it in nowise diseoneefrted-him; rather, it struck him in- the light of a joke. He had got' his cue and meant to act up to it. So when his somewat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a-private inter view he replied with the jolliest laugh in the world— "Certainty, certainly, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, Miss Kffie"—as that young person ran against them in the hall—"here I am, back again to tease you, you see." "Where's Uncle Kenshaw, Mr. Sellon?" said the child. Maurice stared. , The straight question, the straight look accompanying it, disconcerted him for a moment. " Kenshaw ! _ Oh, coming on," he answered quickly, "coming on. Be here soon, I dare say:" - He had made the same sort of _ reply to the same enquiry on the part of his host. He thought lie had done with the subject. It irri tated him to be called upon to repeat the same lie over and over again. "By the way, Mr. Sellon," began the latter, ' did you get the letter I sent you at Marais dorp V" "Mister Sellon!" Maurice started. Old Chris was talcing the thing seriously indeed, J he thought with an inward laugh. [ "Not I," he answered. " Probably for the best of all possible reasons. I didn't come through Maraisdorp or anywhere near it." : J "Before going any further I want you to! look at this," said Selwood, unlocking a small safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. "Wait—excuse me one moment, I want you to look attentively at the direction first." He still held the envelope. " Maurice took one glance at the address—the handwriting— and as he did so his face was not pleasant to behold.' "All right. I know that caligraphy well enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha! So she has been favoring you with her peculiar views on things in general and me in particular. You ought to feel honored." "I? Eavoring me':" echoed the other, in a state of amazement. "Yes—you. I suppose the communication I is an interesting one f1 ! " My dear Sellon, look at the address again," said Christopher, handing him the envelope. "By Jove! It's for me after all," looking at it again. "What a treat! Why the devii can't tne woman write legibly!" he 'muttered: Then aloud—"Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Selwood." "Ha—I am very glad indeed to hear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters and opened it by mistake." " The devil you did!" "Yes. lean only tell you how sorry I am and how. I have spent life cursing my blunder ing asinine stupidity ever since. But there i3 another thing. I feel bound in honor to tell you .that I didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no beginning. I turned to the signature for enlightenment; but be tween the first page and the signature I did read not a word. Sellon burst into a roar of laughter—ap parently over the mistake, in reality as he realised how quickly he would be in a position to turn the enemy's flank. "My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. Tl;e joke is an exceedingly rich one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells—eh ? But you don't supiioso I am going to share in your entertainment over this charming epistle? Hot much. Just oblige me with a match." "Wait, wait," cried the other. "Better read it this time—or at any rate as much of it as it was my misfortune to see." "H'm! Well, here goes," said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the envelope as though it would burn his fingers. "Quite so," lie went on with a bitter sneer, running his eye down the sheet. "That's about enough of this highly intertaining document, the rest caii be taken as read, like a petition to the HouEe of Commons. That match, if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind you, Selwood," lie went on, iwatching the flaming sheet curl ing up in the grate, " I need hardly remind you how many men there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind yon either that a considerable percentage of these are entrapped and de frauded into the concern by lies and deception against which it is next to impossible for any man to guard—at all events any young man. When to this I add that there are women in this world who for sheer, gratuitous, uniform fiendislmess of disposition could give the devil points and beat him at an easy canter, I think I've said about enough for all present pur-, poses." " This is an awkward and most unpleasant business," said Selwood. "Excuse me if I feel bound to refer once more to that letter. The—er—writer makes reference by name to Miss Awry, who is a guest in my house and a relation of my wife's, and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can." "My dear fellow, that's a little way of hers, lean assure you I am-most awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about the business. As to the mistake, don't give it another thought." "How did Mrs.—er—the writer—know Miss Avory was here ?" This was a facer—not so much the question, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met her there at Sunningdale for the first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this side of it. " That's beyond me," lie answered: "How did she know I was here ? Eor I need hardly tell you - we don't correspond every mail exactly. I can only explain it on the score that more people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood who hail from the old country ;- or have relations there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than that upon business." "You will not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you were a married man." '"Had been,' you should have said, not were.' - Not but what legally I am still tied up fast enough—chained and bound—which has this advantage, that it keeps a.man from all temptation to make a fool of himself a second time in his life. Still, it doesn't count otherwise." ... "No, I suppose not," said the other signifi cantly. "Perhaps it doesn't keep a man from making a fool of other people, though." "Now, my dear Selwood, what the very deuce are you driving at ? For heaven's sake let us be straight and 'open with each other." , .' Well, I mean this. It's a most unpleasant thing to have .to say to any. mail. But, you see, Miss Avory is our guest and a relation as well. You must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very—er—marked." One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine 'a ring and which Maurice knew sc well when to bring in greeted'this speech. Look here, Selwood," he said, "I don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is you don t understand women in. the least. You are quite} on the wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for me or my' attentions.' You must remem per that we both knew-—er—the same people 111 England. There, you must fill in the out line. I am not at liberty to say more. But there won't be much time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave you again to morrow." . To Christopher. Selwood's honorable mind n? doubt suggested itself as to the genuineness of this explanation. There was a frank straightforwardness about- it which, with a man of his" character, was bound to tell. He felt intensely relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had he not made an inordinate fuss over the concern at the start ? Had he not raised a veritable storm in a teapot and set everybody by the ears for weeks ? Had he not in his anxiety to unburden himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favor of the less reliable decision of his wife ? In short, had he not made a con summate ass of himself all round? Of course he had. • " By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want 'to' tell you about now we are together," said Maurice, after a pause. "You and the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is ho _ is not with me, but I couldn't say so without entering into further explanations which would certainly have alarmed- the ladies. We found our ' Valley of the Eye' all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Pheugh! I wouldn't go on that jaunt again for twice the loot. The 'Eye' is a genuine concern, I can tell you—a splendid stone—Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the day picking up a few other stones and just as we were clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or Korannas, or what ever they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark and then we had to separate—to throw them off the scent, don't you see? We agreed to meet at his place—that is, if we were to meet anywhere again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal moun tains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show my nose in the daytime and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river and get through to Fanning's place, and when I got there he hadn't turned up. But I found a letter which had been sent py special messenger requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some-infernal but important law business, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my share of the swag when it came to dividing, for %ve hadn't had time to attend to that then, and except a few small stones he -has it all on him. It'll be something good, I guess. J daresay he's turned up at home again long before this. He was "just laughing in his sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And he seems to know that awful country like ABC. I never saw such a fellow." "That's had news, Sellon, right had news," said the other shaking his head. "Eenshaw has been all his life at that sort of thing, so we must hope he'll turn up all right. But—the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know," . " Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be trie loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from him almost directly." We may be sure that in narrating his adventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his expe riences of the undertaking or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had under gone a very hard time before he had suc ceeded in striking the river at the drift where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had I reached it at all. And during his narrative I one listener was noting every word he said with breathless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Selwood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. "A regular cross-examination, confound it!" he thought. And then by way of a diverson he went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to, show as the sole result of the expedition. These were examined with due; interest. ■ The fact of Sellon arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly imported Briton—and to that extent a green horn ? If he eeuld find his way out and successfully dodge his pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer such as Eenshaw would fare any worse?. So on the latter's account they felt hut small anxiety. . Hot so Marian, however. A terrible suspi cion had taken shape within her mind during Sellon's narrative. "He has murdered him !" was her conclusion. " He has murdered him," she repeated to herself during anight of sleep less agony—such as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes he called upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to herself—for the present at any rate. She was ' helpless. What could she do ? There was nothing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his de Sarture, as he had announced his intention of j oing, and the equanimity with which the cir cumstance was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on the previous evening, completely lulled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's. mind; con firmingas it did the other's frank and straight forward explanation. For liis wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet, (Ho be continued.) The cathedral at Antwerp has a musical combination of thirty-three .bells, the largest 7 ft. wide and 8 ft. high. I 