A LONG. ENGAGEMENT.' CWAPTERn (,CONTIfxED). AT those words the elder sprang to his feet ; his whole frame shook; the dark eyes elshot out a flame. " It is a lie-it must be a lie you are telling me, Philip I " exclaimed he, in a voice low end hoarse with passion. Philip rose up. It would be diffi. onlt to say which face was the whiter. " Have I ever told you an untruth, uncle Stratton ?" " Who is she ? Whatis her name ?" demanded the other, in. a wild sort of way, taking no notice of his nephew's question. Sybil Graham. She is a niece of your old friend Joe Darloy. I met her first at his house this winter." " Sybil Graham I " repeated the elder, and wrath and pain made his tones almost a hiss, and then he hurled an oath after that beloved name. In the silence that followed, Strat ton Davoren sat and stared at his nephew. At last he raised his hand to his forehead in a wearied, dared way. Philip saw it, and his soul was moved with a great pity. His unole had not been himself that evening he thought. He leaned forward and took the old man's hand in both of his, and said: "Let me tell you the whole truth, unole." The old man made him a signal to proceed, and in the next half-hour Philip had the talking all to himself, while his uncle learned the whole story of his engagement to Sybil Graham. But he did not succeed in moving his uncle, who persisted in regarding his nephew's engagement as a rash, absurd, end altogether inde fensiblo proceeding, and intimated that Sybil most have been an artful young person, or she could not so easily have fascinated his high"ouled nephew and drawn him into her toils, He entreated the younger man to break his engagement. Under the circumstances, he insisted, it could not be binding on Philip, and here the man brought all his eloquoence, all the power of his influence, and the memories of a lifetime of love and de votion to bear on his nephew. It was hard for the young man to hear that voice plead in this way. "Uncle Stratton," he said, and if his voice shook at first it grow steady at the last, " if it were my life you were asking of me I beliovo I should freely give it to you, remembering all I owe you, ill you lavo been to me. But you are asking me now to sacri. fice my honour. I connot be false to the woman I love--I cannot break my word to Sybil Graham." The men talked until long after mid. night, and the storm outside kept on its wild way. In vain his uncle reasoned and pleaded. Philip had boon tor tured and agonised, but he had not yielded. At last the two men separated, bidding each other good.night in their old fashion. Philip wont up to his apartments; but not to sleoop. It had boon the moot miserable night of his life. All the time his heart was torn with pity for his unleo. But Philip's misery would not have boon lessoned if he could have looked into the room and soon hib uncle after he had loft it. The old man eat a long while before the grato-fire absorbed in thought, while the shadow and hoe wrotched. noes doeponod on his face. At last he rose up, wont to his slooping-room, opened a small drawer in his dressing bureau, and drew out a dark etool.mountod ease. When he opened it a small revolver gleamed in. side. The man's eyeas glared at it; he laughed a little, hard, triumphant laugh to himself. " If the boy holds on like this, if neither prayers nor arguments, nor any devioe of mine can bring him to yiold, and if the worst comes, I can make a swift end of it with this I " he said. "But the time hasn't come yet," he muttered. "It seems as though this-this business would break me down; but I must sloop and hoop my brain clear and my nerves steady, and see what can be done, and hold my self to the doing of it romorselossly." IIIAPTRR nIl, It was n now noerly throo months since Sybil had left London. During this time she had not soon Philip. Tho day after he returned homo his uncle had business adviouo which made it nooossnary that Philip ohould start within twenty-four hours. The case wos no plain, the call no urgent, that again Philip was loft without exonue, and had to swallow with what graoo he could a seoond bitter die. appointment. eIe had fully intended to osee Sybil within two days after his return. Instead he poured out his heart and snol in letters to her. Her courage and sympathy had helped him to bear a dieappointmout which, to somo extent, eho shared. But the consciousneos of his love, and his fro. quont letters, had almost suffieood the girl those days. She had too the joy. funl looking forward to his coming. Indeed, these throoe months had boon unusually happy ones to all the inmates of the little cottago at Cook. ham, the old village whore the Grahame lived. Sybil brought more than fine stories asn the result of her visit to London. The Darleye could afford to be goner. oun with their old wardrobes when they revelled in the near prospect of elegant TPrininn toilote, 80 a trunk of all sorts of cnot-off clothes, really no good as now, bad been sent off with Sybil. Some of Joo'n old cuits, with a few altorations, made his young oouoin, George Graham, fool an though he wore dreosed like a prince; and those had boon unpplomented with other gifts of books and toys most likely to delight the heart of a boy of fourteen. But through all those happy months the girl had kept her seoret. She wits surprised at her own reticence. There was something curious about it almoet like a fatality, site sometimes thought. Sheo had returned to Cook ham fully intending to confide her on. gagomont to her aunt, and during the first fortnight had boon constantly on the watch for an opportunity to spoak, 3sqt the right moment never came. The two women, though they lived under the same roof, never seemed, for that fortnight, to be alone together long enough for tho noeces sary confidence; or, if they were, Sybil was not in the mood for that intimate revelation. The day after her return home, she had put on the diamond ring, aso he had promised Philip; but even this, among so many pleasant surprises, had failed to arouse any poecial curiosity. "It was an anoient ring, and there was a story connected with it. They should hear all about that some time," Sybil had said in the most mattor-of fact tone. No thought of a lover crossed any one's mind. It was takon for granted that the ring, like the other presents, must have been given from a generous impulte of her aunt or her cousins. So the first week went by, and Sybil had not spoken, and each day the silence seemed harder to break. Every letter of Philip's assured her of his speedy return; and at last she resolved to breath no syllable of her secret until ho presented himself at home. Hlow amazed and delighted they would be when Philip should stand amongst them; when they should first learn what he was to be to her-to them all I " No," she said to herself; " she would not describo him; she would not so much as namohim. He would come among them first, a glorious surprise." Everthing bad conspired to make her silence eaey for Sybil. She had always booen in the habit of carrying liher own letters to and from the oflice; so even in the matter of Philip's letters nobody had been the wiser. But the waiting, which had been so much longer than either at first anticipated, was now almost at an end. The dentoiement, lived over so often in dreams, must soon take place under the little cottage-roof. Philip was far on his way to London when lie had last written. lHe munt be at Oookham within a day or two. This was the thought uppermost in Sybil's soul as ash went down towards the river that morning. She was so absorbed when she passed through thbo little stile that she did not observe a strange figure moving leisurely on the road before her. It was only whon a shadow fell on the road before her, that Sybil looked up. She saw a face there which she had never seen before. It was a fine, thoughtful face, a little past middle ago; and yet one would hardly call it old. The preseneoo of tihe man was altogether striking, dig nified, And grasiouis. The beauty, the grace, the indes. oribablo something about Sybil Graham which impressed the stranger at the beginning, deepened as he ap proached her. What if this should prove to be the woman he had come to Cookham to sook ? Half against his will, the doubt, the questioning within him, grow almost to a convic tion. At least he would know the truth. Acenstomed always to aot promptly, he lifted his bhat, and with most courteous bow and tone, said : " Will you pardon the liberty I take in asking whether the lady I see be fore me is not Miss Sybil Graham ?" And the voice, like the faoo, had some baffling recomblnnce to another. " That is my name, air," answered Sybil, anil her voice was luear and steady, despito the fluttering at her heart and the flush in her cheeks. Thou the etranger put out his hand and smiled. " Must I aneiounce myself ?" he asked. " Can you not divine who I am 2" When she saw that emile, Sybil's thought leapoed like a flash to the truth. " You are Philip's unole I" she said, and the words followed the thought so quickly she hardly know that she spoke. " Yes, I am he," answoreo Mr. Davoren. "I had come here to soe you, my child," he said. " I am glad we mot just like this." For a moment Sybil was dumb. She had learned a good deal of the man-of his charactor and habits from his nephew, and the talk of the Darloys, who always gossiped, half good-naturedly, half-satirically, about their acquaintanuoo. " I am very glad to moot you, Mr. Davoron," shi at last answered. "Will you walk up to the house ?" "Thank you, Miass Graham," answered the gentleman, with his perfect courtesy of mien and tone. "I like boat this informal fashion in which the kindly fates have ordained we should moot. Otn we not stay out-of-doors awhile, and grow all the bettor aoquaiuted for this lovely atmosphore ?" " Certainly, if you prefer it," answered Sybil; simply and heartily. She was already beginning to fool more at anse with this gracious, kindly gentleman. "You wero out for a walk, I susn poet ?" continued Mr. Davoron, and his gaze returned to his compauiou's faooe. " And you had chosen the road that lends to the river ? " "Yoe," she answorod. "I could not help coming to the river this morning, oven though I loft the lovely May.land behind me." " I too love the river in some of its moodu, bettor than the fairoot shore," said Mr. Davoron. " Shall weo not go down thmor together ? May an old man proeume to offer you hia com pany, Mies Graham ? " The two half-involuntarily bont their otops to this point, Mr. Davoe ron aneiotod the lady to mount tho few foot of stoop rook, then the two eat down. And Sybil Graham, with Philip's elogant unolo at her side, was quite at bar oauo, quite her bout, owootoot, natural oolf, in that utrango time and plano, No doubt Mr. Davoron had oomo thing to do with all this. He draw out Sybil to tank of horeolf, of her lifo at Cookham, of her tasteo, her habite, her favourite authors, of her visit to London, and of tha improoaions whioh the groat aity, and the people oho had mot, had mado on her; and indirectly and not at all in the way to startlo her maiden hbyneoss, he drew her also to talk of Philip Davoron. The lady-of his, love did 'credit to his choice that morning. She had never lookcd lovelier, hab had never sparkled, never glowed with more native grace and charm, than the did as she sat on the rocks by his unelo's aide. Stratton Davoren had come to Cocklan the night before, on a suddiu, desperate impulse. IHe had no forrmed purpose at that time in his wind. He know Philip was on his wa homrne. The evil day on his re turn could no longer be put off. lie had left no stone untulrned to prolong his nephew's clay in the north ; as ho had, at the first, need all his skill to make this journey appear indispon sable in Philip's eyes. Hie had passed the night in the hotel at the village; lie had taken a wallr down to the riverside to steady his nerves and brain, and was on Lis way to the cottage of the Grahame, wheno he first came upon Sybil. Miss Graham ihad bIeenr to him a great surprise. He had all along held the belief that Philip's youth and fancy had been beguiled by a pretty face and a shallow heart and brain. But the first sight of Sybil had slhaken the opinion. It was not that she was simply a beautiful girl; but there was about her native grace, a rare finish, not only of face and figure, but of tone, and movement, and man ner, which the lastidioua man of the world could fully appreciate. " I see," his thoughts went; "theo boy wae right. Shoj nstifiso his oloice." Something-a thought, it purpose \- suddenly flashed through Mr. Davoren's mind ; but, though it came so suddenly, it had probably boon for the last hour groping its way to the light. With all his self-control, that thought had power to make the man start, as though come unseen hand had dealt him a blow. Air. Davoreon pondered over the women of history, and poetry, and legend-of the Heloises, and Eleanors, and Violas-the women who had proved their love and loyalty by courageous deeds, and mighty eanri ficee, and silent endurance. Was not this girl, who eat by his side, ihe asked himself, of the same fine strain, of the same heroin mould ? He looked at her once more, as she sat there beaming and flushing under his gaze. Could sho-would she save him ? It was his last chance. He resolved to try it. It may have been weakness, as well as despair and agony, which forced Mr, Davoren to this conclusion. He had carried his dreadfol secret so long, he had held it locked and safe in his iron will, but at last his brain and nerves had begun to falter under the weight. He drew a long, deep breath. It was strange that the thought of baring his soul to this young girl, whom he had known for only three hours, should have seemed like a re lief to the strong man. " I believe you love my boy Philip ?" said Mr. Davoron, turning suddenuly to Sybil, and looking her straight in the eyes, with a solemn earnestness she had not soon there before. The look, the words themselves startled her out of her bright calm; the soft bloom of her obheeks flashed into the rosiest red, but in a moment Sybil answered with the frank, grace ful dignity of a mlaiden to whom her love was too beautiful or too solemn for any girlish affoetation: " If I did not love your nephew, Mr. Davoren, I should not have promised him what I have done." " I know that, my child, I see it in your face; I road it in your eyes. You do not need to tell me. I am so far satisfied that I am asking myself a question." "What kind of a question, Mr. Davoron ?" asked Sybil, and a vagno feeling of alarm came over her. " I am asking myself whether your love for my boy is of the sort that braves and endures ; whether it could be strong and silent, as well as tender and loyal, for his sake. I have read of women-I have known a few--who were cspable of grand heroisms and sacrifices for their love's sake. But such women are always rare. Ah I Miss Graham, I sit here looking in your face; and I no longer wonder it is to my Philip the loveliest face in the world. I only wonder if it belongs to this splendid company, this crown and flower of womanhood I" Sybil sat listening to this speech with strained, solemn eyes. The flush in her obeolne grow paler. A chill of fear oropt through her. She was silent a few moments after Mr. Davoron had spoken, but her troubled oyes did not leave his face. When she epokle, it was with a womanly dignity, in striking contrast to her sparklling, girlish manner a few minutes before. "I hardly knIow how to answer you, Mr. Dravoron," she said. " I am not euro--I oould not toll oven my own soul whore my heart might fail or what it might braveo or endure for your nophew's sake. I may not belong to the oompany of women of whom Syou speak. Do you wish to put me to the teoot ?" T'his simple, guarded answer suited the man beet. SStratton Davoron laid his hand on Sybil's; he tried tolookt down through aher eyes into her soul. "Yes, Misa Graham," he said in a Sslow, steady voice, like one bwho weighs every word he utters, "I do Swish to put you to the test I" The girl grow whiso to her very lips. Bomething acold stole to hbar heart, which made her gasp for b breurth. " Oh I what is it you want me to e do ?" sho cried out in saddedon fear. S Mr, Davoren glanced at her and then all about him with eyes in whichl Ssome scret torror lurkled. " Hush I" he said, his voieoo kIeyed almost to a whiopor. " This ii not Sthe planeo to speak. Somebody may be hiding around here and overhear us, Is there no plaOce where we can s be absolutely sooure from human pro. o oenoo, Miss Graham ?" His manner, Iis queetion, infused a now dlread into Sybil. She only said: S " If you will walk up to the cottage, 1Mr, Davoron, yenou will be senoro y there, Not a soul is inside at this Stime. Tihe family have gone out to Sspend the day." Tie man shook his hoad dooidodly, a lmost sternly. "I oannot run such risks, " he re plied. "It is perilous to trust the protection of walls and doors, Miss Grahaml." "Thou we can go into the pine wood near here, if you wiEh it," said Sybil. Long afterward when Sybil tried to recall that walk, it was mostly a blank to her, She remembered occaeionaliy glanu ing up in her eompaniou's face, and meeting the hard intent glance that struck a chill to her soul. Why did lie watch her with that strango wary look, half of doubt and half of fear, much as a man might gaze at another whom he follows through an unknown wilderness, not quite sure whether it was for life or for death ? A few moments brought them to the pines. They entered into the stillness and shadows without a word, and Sybil led her companion over the soft, brown sward to the very heart of the dim old wood. " You are safe now," said Sybil, turning to her companion. " Nobody will overhear you." And the two eat down on the bench of pine boughs, and Sybil wondered if all this were not a dreadful dream, a miserable nightmore. But even then fMr. Davoren did not seeoom in a hurry to speak. He glanced into the depths of tlhe wood with the glance of doubt and fear which Sybil had soon as they eat on the rocks, and then his eyes canme back to her face with something in them, she could not tell what, but her heart almost stopped beating with a niok dread. A sharp groan broke from Stratton Davoren'e lips; his face had grown ashen white. Now the time had come to speak, he whose words had never failed before found it impossible to begin. Sybil saw this. Wrought up to a pitch of uncontrollable agony, she suddenly burst out : " Oh I Mr. Davoren, what is this dreadful thing you have to say to me ?" At that cry, the man, tolling him self it was his last chance, and with a mighty effort nerving his will, bend ing his white face alone to hera, look ing straight in her eyes, opened his lips and spoke. He could never re oall those first words; but after they had crossed his lips the rest came easy enough. There wore no more pauses, there wan no more hoesitancy. Out of his shame and agony his spooch broke swift and terrible. And I, who write his story, cannot tell it in Stratton Davoren's words. It was a story-would God in these last years it had been less common I- of brolken fortunes, of long struggles, of hopes and disappointmenouts, of failures and oonooalments that goaded him to desperation, and ended at last in orimeo--not in a single one, but in a series of crimes; each, with the fatal logio of evil, necessitating another, the man all the time getting more and more involved, making fresh ventures, clutching at hazardous spooulations in the desperate hope of retrieving his lost 'fortunes, of saving his good name from dishonor. He who stood before the world to-day with his proud old name, with his un soiled life behind him, was on the brink of a precipice, where all must go down in blaolneos and shame. There was before Mr. Davoron the courteous, high-minded gentleman, honored of all men, beloved of many-only the prisoner's scell, the felon's garb, the life that was worse than death I There was Philip, too-the last of his kin, the nephew, the son, dearer than life, for whom he had echemed and toiled--he must -go down too. The bravo, noble follow would never -the truth once known-lilt up his head among men; that proud, high, esoled youth would be crushod for ever. Sybil Graham had listened to this awful story, silent, transfixed, cheek and lip white as when we hids them for the last time. The time had come to speak now. He drew close to her'; he laid his hand on her shoulder; he put his lips close to her car. " There is one obhanceo to save him \--to save me. There is one person only in the world who can do it I" he said in slow, steady, solemn tones. She lifted her face at that. She looked at him with her bright, strained, tearless eyen. "Who is it ?" she gasped; and he saw by her look that she had no pro soienoe of what was ooming. "You I" he said. "You I" "What is it you would have me to do 2" she nasked, and thie voioe was not the voione of Sybil Graham. Then Mr. Davoron told her. Hero again I cannot repeat his words; neither could Sybil Graham, though she lost no syllable nor inflotion, though every word ontored her soul like fire. Beforoe the noxti five miuntoe were over she learned that Philip could be saved only by her giving him nup-. only by his marrying another woman, Mr. Daevoren laid the whole matt er cloearly before her; hio face grow sharp with eagernoess, his heart boat with a new hope, as he talked; he had no disguises from her now; he oven felt it was an nnopoakablo relief to share the seoreot, guarded from all men, with this young, innoeoont girl, who knoew little of the world, and to whom the very name of orime was an un fthomablo horror. He made no attempt to disguiuo the depth and strength of Philip'n affen tion for hborself. No human power, he averred, but her own could rovor the bond that united them. Only Bybil herself oould asend him from her side; and that so 'promptly, so abso lItoly, so eternally, that he could Shave no ghost of a hope, no shadow Sof a dream, to cling to. "How must I do it '" she asked faintly but steadily. Again Mr. D&yoren; had his answer ready. Philip inuet not come to Ookhnam. Their'meeting would be too ornol an ordeal for both him and Sybil. She munot write him a letter dooelining to ona him again anil canool. ling thoir engagement. She could of couroo mako no onooues for her con duct beyond a solemn, unalterable resolution, for reasons rartisftotory and saored to herself, never to be Philip's wife, ho ..,ould'. apoal to his honour never to seek her Eide or exert his influence over her to change a decision which she know to be irre vocable. She must return his betrothal ring and his letters and insist on his destroying hers. Mr. Davoron knew his nephew; his heart would be wounded to the core, but his pride would be keenly stung by Sybil'e dismissal. He would not seek the woman who had thus solemnly rejected him. The rest could be left to his uncle. " And this woman-who you will have Philip marry-is to saveo him to save you both ; you are sure she can do that ?" asked Sybil, steadily, earnestly. " She will bring forty thousand pounds, as her marriage dowry, which will save Philip, which will save me I" replied Mr. Davoren. Then he went on to tell her briefly of Violet Ashton. While he was talking of this woman Sybil had bowed her head on her hands. At last, when the pause came in the mon's speech, she raised her head and looked at him with stedfast, commauding gaze. "I must give up Philip I Imust never see him-never speak to him again I I mest send him from me to be the husband of another woman I" sho seid, and every word dropped, slow and distinct, from her lips as though she would sot the whole truth before her soul. " That is what you ask of me ?" " That is what I ask of you, Miss Graham 1" repeated Mr. Davoron. "And he can never know why I have done this-never, in this world -though he live to be an old man and I an old woman I" " He can never know the truth I Your absolute renunciation-your life.long silenuooce, is the terrible price I ask of your love, Miss Graham I" As he said this, he saw her head go down in her hands like some stricken creature. In that moment she saw what he meant-in that moment the floods went over her; but she did not move or cry. After a pause--it seemed a long one to the man who waited for the words which should be life or death to him Sybil lifted her face from her hands, rose slowly, and stood before him. "I cannot give you my promise now," she said. "I must have a. little while to think of it-by myself. It has come upon me so suddenly, and I want to be quite sure of what I promise-s-uro of all I am doing I " " When shall I see yon ? " inquired Mr. Davoron. " If you will come here to-morrow morning at ton o'clock, you shall have my answer," said Sybil. They went out of the woods in silence together. The sun, by this time, was going down in the distant horizon. At the edge of the pines Mr. Davoren lifted his hat to Sybil, gave her his hand, and said only : "To . morrow morning at ten o'clock ? " "To - morrow morning at ten o'clock," she repeated, and they separated. As Mr. Davoron went down in the sunset to his hotel, ihe thought over all he had done that day, and his heart was lighter and stronger than it had been for years. What he had done, cruel as it might seem, was, he would have told himself, the truest Ikindness towards Sybil. As the wife of Philip Davoren she could only share his misery and be over whelmed in his ruin. When the dan ger was passed, when Philip was the husband of Violet Ashton, then, and then only, could his uncle pause to remember Sybil Graham with pity. It was the time now to act resolutely, moreilessly-the time to put hand in the flame or heart to the torture, if need were. When he reoached the hotel that night however nobody would have snse posted from his manner that be had boon through a terrible crisis since the morning. He ordered a luxurious dinner that night; he uncorked a bottle of the rare old port-wine he had brought out with him from the city, and sent a glass to his host, and disooussed polities and crops with him. (To be continued.) 