THE MAHDL A STORY OF LOVE AND HEROISM. By HALL CAMT®, Author of "Tho Scapegoat," ','Tlie Last Con fession," "Tho Bondman," "A Son of Hagar," " Tlio Dcomotor, " " Tho Sliudow of a Crime," &o.; All Queensland Riqiits Resebved." CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) Tlio woman put lior arms about his neok and nnglicd. "My dourest, whon is that?" ' ' "Whon I am alone— hi tho night— when I cannot sloop." Tliero was another moment of heavy silonoo. "Comp, como," said Raohol, cheerfully, "oliitse away theso lioavy looks, "What uro dilforenecu of faith to thoBo who love? "When tlii.s turbulent babbler is silenced for over you shall liuvu your reward." " My darling I" suid Omar. Thon in aoliill voice, " Where is lie ?" i "In my father's room — tho room whore my \- father died," Baid Raoliel, in a low tono. Omar drew back suddenly. "There? No, not there! " lio stammered. "All, lie seems to fear no ghosts," said Rncliol bitterly. Omar embraced hor passionately. " I'll do .'it," ho said. "Myhopo! My Btny ! My salvation ! For your denr sake it shnll be done I" Ho broke from hor arms with a kiss nnd a sigh und stopped into tho house. It was now late, and tho inoou was dipping down into tho patio. Tho Mnlidi was iu the lump-lit room opening on to tho patio. Boobkor and the morcliants from Tadla wero with liim. " Mahdi," said Asad, "Fez turns its buck on you. Come with us to Turtle." " Patience," suid tlio Mnhdi. "Fez. is my mothor, I um her son, uud sho shall yet receive me." ' ' ' Stretch your leg according to your shawl' —it's a good saw," said Boobkor. " You can not stay here, Mahdi ; your lifo is not worth a pin's puroliuse." ' ' Tadla is waiting for tho truth. Como and deliver it," said Asad. Tho Mahdi considered for a moment. Then ho suid, "Everything is ordained! It is written that I should go with you. Whon do you leave Fez ?" " Within tho honr," Baid Asad. "I will follow you to-morrow. Mulidi or prophet, I am a man with a man's affections, and Fez holds all that are dour to mo, my sister, hor son." "Wo will wait," said Asad. " God requite you abundantly. Tlio present is patieiico, but tlio future breuthos ol' rovongo. I um drivon away us a bnggur, but I will re turn us a conqueror. Good night !" "Goodnight! God bless your morning!" said tlio merchants, und tlicy loft him. As well as tho window to tho patio there wus an opon doorway to tho markot placo. Tho Muhdi stopped up to this doorway and looked out on tlio housetops which were sleeping under tlio white light of tlio moon. Tho oity was quiet now ; tlio wing of night lay softly over it. "Tako your Inst look, Mohnmmed-or- Rahmiin I " ho thought. " Fiirowoll, my mother, farewell ! To-morrow you will havo t.lio earth for your resting pluce, and tho heavens for your tent." Tho Mulidi was turning away when Rnoliol draw tho curtains of tho door from tlio patio and softly entered tho room. "Tho night is fur gone," sho said. "You must bo very tired." "Yes, I will lie down and sloop," said tho Muhdi. "Yes, yes; a long, long Bleep," said Raclicl. " The sleep would have beon longer, nnd ilio hod harder but for you, Ruohcl," said tlio Muhdi. " Say no moro ubout that, Mahdi," sho .said. Rachel was moved with nn awo whioh sho daro not betray ; slio wus seeing tho room at that moment us it wus on tho night whon she found her father lying there dead. Sho draw up u mattress and thought, "That is the vory spot." Then she suid aloud, "Come, lio liore." Tlio Mnlidi Iny down. " You saved mj- life, Ruclicl. God will requito you," lie said. " Ho does not remember," thought Raoliel. Thon aloud it's bofore, " I will turn tlio stove, Mnlidi. My father uhvays lilted it so." Slio turned tho brass stove so tliut tlio soft red glow might fall on tlioMttlidi's swarthy face. "All, yes, your poor father!" suid tho Mahdi. "God rest nim I" "Amen! Anion !" Baid Rnoliol. They wero only words, idio words. "Courage ! Courago I He does not care," sho thought. A harp stood in u corner of tho room. " Shall I sing you to sleep I" sho said sweetly. " My father always loved it." Tho Mnlidi looked nt hor and smiled wearily. " You are still anxious about mo, Radiol. But tlioro is nothing to fear now. Go to your rest. Goodnight!" "No," said Rachel. "I ahull nover sleep until j'ou aro sleeping." "Tho world and all things iu it aro good, hut the goodliost thing iu tho world is a good woman," said the Muhdi. _ ' "Now liush! hush!" said Raohol. Thon sho played softly uud sung iu a low tone that wus like a lullaby — "Camel driver, eamol driver, Why weep yo so sore? Tho love that wus my love, I may lovo no moro." The heart of tho Mahdi was touched. " Ab, Rachel," said he, '"but for tho freaks of fate what joy- of lifo tliero might havo been for you and mo I Yet tho loss is initio only. Omar is bravo, and you uro gontlo. Tho porfeot man is . hut a bravo woman, tlio perfeot woman ia but u . gentler mun." Raoliel stopped. " How can I sing, Muhdi. if you talk so ?" sho said. "How beautiful you are, Raohcl ; how very bountiful I" "Not a word moro now— not ono littlo word. Hush ! Hush I " Sheplnycd again without singing. After a while slio roso and approached tho mattress. Tho Mahdi was asleep. "Asleep!" sho thought. "Now is the timo. Yot my heart misgives me. His words wcro liko poisoned arrows. ' You saved my lifo, God will requito you.' 'How beautiful you uro, how vory ho&utiful.;' ' But for tho freaks of fate what _ joy of lifo there might havo boon for you und mo ? ' Must it ho ? Must it ho P Yot he was cruel then, und now lio's callous. Look, ho can sloop on tho vory spot, tho vory spot where I found my futlior in iris blood. Ugh ! Tlie door stood opon und ho was gono." Slio ' .stepped aside. "It must bo done," she thought. " Surely lioavon directed my olioico of Omar, lio loves me, uud tlio lot fell to him. Ho will do it — lio will do it." Taking up tho lamp sho went noisolossly out of tho room. No light remained oxoopt tliut of tlio stove fulling on-tlio Mahdi, and some rays of moonlight wliieh cumo through the window to tlio patio. In the silence Omar entered nervously. Ho looked around liko aiuan in terror. " Tlio vory room," bethought. " Wns tlioro no pluce on earth hut this — this nightmare of my Bloep, tho gravopit of my dreams? Ghosts ! It is fall \- of thom. Tho odour of that awful night— tho desk— tho door, and" — turning towards the mattress — " tho vory spot." Ho returned to the door and pushed it open as if about to fly. "My poor father!" ho thought. Thon with a glow of resolution ho closed tlio door. "Pshaw I That's dead und dono with." Returning to the mattress ho bout over tho Mulidi. "Asleep," bethought. " Kill n man in sloop ! You ean't do that Omar. Til go buck." He stepped baok and thon stopped. "Aslcop — perhaps dreaming. Dreaming — of " What? No phantoms stand up before his in- v ward eyes; no blaok shadow of doom hangs over ldm; no fire bums in his heart. Ho will go to God."' 1 Omar drew his sword. " They say an angel watchos over tho sloop of tlio just — ah V' Striokou by this thought no steps hnok in awo, "Idarenot. God knows I dare not do Jtj.'Vhotoldhiihselfi v . Ho returned to the door and . stood - with one 'hand on the door, lintel. - "But Rachel I1.' ho- > - thought. "Sho'is waiting.' Rnohel, my love,- ; v my'iifo.-, 0,': Of-: toy soul:- is.. hots to .savo or damn." ' i It was midnight. Not a' sound iii the air. Suddenly the onant of the Mooddin name front tho mosques. "AUah-u-Kabar "— God is great. _ ' "Tho Mooddiu ! It must be done! I can awaken him." Oinnr wont baok to tho mattress! , sword in hand, und cried, " Mahdi ! Mahdi 1 uwdke! Your timo has oome."; ' .... - Tho Mahdi awoke and oponod his oyes but he did not rise. " Omar," ho said calmly. " Got up, " orlod Omar, ' Who have yon to savo you now. There are but two of us hero, " and ho brandished tho naked sword. -' "You tiro wrong, Omitr Bonari," ' said the, Mahdi, cuhnly; " there- is a third-rthcre is- God!" , 1 ' Omar was cowed at the word ; he let fall the swortlin his terror, and at tlie next raomont tho Mulidi had leapt to ids feot and snatched it up. "Now Omar, who is there to savo you,'! he cried. . Omar dropped on his ltnoes. " None, hone!" he answered. ' Tlio Mahdi handed the sword baok to Omar, Saying, "Then learn inoviiy from mo." "Mulidi! Muster! Lurd ! lamyourBlaye for ovor." cried Onuir. Thoro wns a sound of hurrying feet ; the door from the patio opened, anu Aemu entered in great agitation. .. . , " My lord, Omar is coming—" sho. began, and then seeing Omar on his knees, sho stopped in disomy. Omnr leapt to liis feet. " God., of grace, forgive mo ? Only half your danger is past, " he said. " What is tho rest !" said tlio Mahdi. "Jonas, tho Jew, my father, and many moro arc outsido tlib house," cried Asnia; "It is true," suid Oniur. "At my watch word tlioy wore to enter and plungo their knives into your body." Tho Mahdi stepped calmly to tho doorway overlooking tho inurket pluce. " I see thom," ho said, "Tlioy arc in tho Sok al Foki."' Omar with bis sword in his hand slipped to tho doorway. " Lot them come,", he suid, "uud God help liim who comes the first." . Tlio Mulidi was still looking out. - They are ten to two," lie said. "No matter," said Omnr. " JmiJOBsiblc," said tho Mnlidi. 1 ' 1 Escupo, my lord, escape, ' ' cried Asraa. " Bo culm, my daughter, ho culm said the Mulidi, "Do not nlnrnu your mistress. She will lie asleep." Then in unother voice, '.' Is there no other way out of this house P' "Nona but to tho marketplace." said the girl. " Thon I must go through that," said tho Mnlidi. Ho turned to Omar. " Brother, dare you tuko my place on thut mattress until I havo passed out of this door ?" "Try ino," said Omar. "Thon give mo your soolham," said the Muhdi. Omar took off tho eloak and tho Mahdi .put it ou. 4 What is your watchword ?" "God is groat." Tlio Muhdi turned to tho girl. , J 'Conceal yourself, child, and God bless you'. Now silonoo." Asma crept out. Oniav stepped to tho mattress uud prepared to lie down. At that moment the faces of tho men wore seen in the moonlight through tho doorway. "They are1 here," said tho Mahdi, in an undertone. " Aroyou ready, Omar ?". "Reudy," said Omar. Ho was now lying on the mattress. Tho Mnlidi stepped to tho door. Tho faces mot liim. " God is great," lie oried. " God is great, " answered voices from with out. Tho Mahdi passed through. At tho next moment threa men rushed into the room, crying, " Deuth to the Mahdi." Oiuur roso from tho mattress, and at the sight of ids faco tlio moh fell baok in dismay. " Omar!" tlioy cried. At tho sume moment Rachel returned to the room with tho lamp. " Omar! " she exclaimed. "Fool," criod Otbu. "Traitor," oried Jonas. Tlio Mnlidi was gono. CHAPTER III. It was early morning in Tadla. The- city was not yot awake ; tho gate was still closed, und tho porter wus asleep. Two camols and two camel drivers lav on tho ground at tlie foot of a dais whioli stood by tlio oity wall. A third muu laid also been sleeping tboro. Ho arose, It wus Otbu, the Berber. Tho sun was coming up. " Time to ho stirring, brothers, "aid Obba. " So sooii ?" suid ono of the camel drivers. His name was Lnrbv. IIo wns a young man, impulsive and tulkativo. "I wus drowning I was tho prophet's oiuiuoli, and had forty slaves mid twenty wives." The other eamol driver aroused himself. Ho was an old man, solemn and tuoiturn. " What says the poet? ' Sleep makes us ull Bashas !' " " Sooins less tliun nn hour sineo we camo in from Fez," said Larby, ."and now, before wo ,liavo timo to turn "To turn I" cried tho old man. "Lenvoyou to sloop, and ydh'll turn and turn till midday." "woll, ono good turu deserves another," said Lurby. Tliou, turning towards Otba, "All, and hero is the stranger wo brought in with us last night." Tho old mun grunted. " I toll you again ho is no MHudisi!" lio said. "Aud we'll be punished for bringing hiin into tlio city. Here, stranger, take bnuk your money, . and go while you're safe." "Koopit. I'm in Tadla now," quid Otba, with a laugh. " That's j ust why y our life is in danger, and our skins ns well," said the old camel driver. " I'll risk it," said Otba. " So will I," said Larby. " Wliut does tho Koran say, ' If the infidel seeks refugo with you, give it him that he may hoar tho word of God.'" "Good," said Otba, "bat I am no infidel.' Only I've not been in Tudla slnoo tho Mahdi settled there." Larby niiide a long whistle. ' ' Not- in Tadlq siuco a yeur ago ! Tliou you'll 1 see soino changes." " ices, things do seem altered," said Otba. "Altered," oried Larby rapturously. " Say transfigured ; wlicro's tho old Kusbah ? Gone; Where's tho old prison that wiifi u dungeon on a dunghill ? . Gono. Whore's tho bitrem of tho BuBha? Gono. Whore's tlio Baslia himself who used to grind the facoB of the poor ? ' Gone! Wlioro's the Kadi who used to sell his justice to the rich? Gone — all gono! Instead , of these look und seo : the inosquo, tho' courts of law, the soldiers, tho burruuks, tho women in tho streots witii uncovered faces, thfe Moslem and tho Naziirone, the Jew and the Christian, ull equal and froo." ! Otba curled liis lip contemptuously. " Wondorful !" ho said in u'mock tone. . "And tho Muhdi himself, is he changed also ?" "Tho apostlo of God — God' favour and pre serve him — is changed only in condition : in ohuraotor ho is tho same. Thon he wiiis u hunted wolf — now ho is a conquoring lion."' " And tho Mudhl's wife, Baohol, the Jewess, what of hor ?" ' ' Larby's impulsivo tongue hesitated. "His wifo— hum! ha!— well— wo are the Mulidi's servants." . "Lurhy," said the old mun, severely, " you exceed in talk. Ask purdon of God." . " So that's how it is," thought Otba. "And hor young maid, Asma, the Borboi\—ia she ono of the Mnhdi's concubines ? " . ' ' Tlie old mini's face clouded. . 'f Stranger, listen," lio suid. " Believer or infidel, rbmom- ber the saw tliut says ' I'm the slave of whut I speak, and tho lord of what I think,' " At that moment a deep low murmur (ib of mnny voices oumo fiom it Mosque whoso minarets overlooked -the oity gate. "Good! " said Otba, cheerfully; "But why ho afraid of mo ? " Ho pmisod to listen. " what's that noise?" lie asked. ' "Prayer in tho Mosquo," Said Larby, A troop of pooplfi' came down the street behind tlie Mosque. Among'1 thom wore the blind, tho lame, und the infirm. . " And who aro these peoplo ? " said Otba. "Pensioners and petitioners of the Mahdi." said Larby. " Ho will come out presently." "Hush, ho is coining now," said the did .oamel driver. to ee continued on wednesday For the past quarter of a oontury there he.s boon one. continuous .flow of letters bearing testimony to tho truly wcnderfnl cures effect Ad by Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, " the finest Blood Purifier that science and mediical skill bavo brought to light." Sufferers f/rorn Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skiuj and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores uf any 'kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test ita/vplu Sold everywhere, ut 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware f worthless imitations and substitutes.; r I : 