SKETCHER. THE SPUTTERING CANDLE. Candles to which poets sentimentally refer as the ' light of other days,' are coming in again, although, if the truth were told, they have never been entirely ' out.' The old families who possess tall silver candlesticks, and a snuffer-tray, have kept them in re- membrance, and some of the time in active service, while the poor and squalid have set up candles in the household in old bottles, or any other form of holder that would answer the purpose. But the stronghold of the candle has been the church, which has kept it consecrated to religious uses. There are still those living among us—those whose childhood knew no other light, unless it were that of a fagot or an old oil lamp, whale oil being the fluid for burning before the dis- covery of petroleum. In those days there were wax candles, a luxury for the rich ; tallow candles, which were of two kinds, ' boughten' and ' homemade,' the best being of melted tallow and beef suet run in a mold, the poorest composed of tallow and lard, made into shape by the process of dipping. ' Dips' are still made in rustic neighborhoods, the process being primitive enough to require no skill. A tub of the melted grease, a long rod run through a dozen wicks, which are dipped in the grease, then hung across the tub to cool. The dipping and cooling process is repeated until the candle is large enough to burn, and if the one who does the dipping is an expert, it will be nearly as smooth and even as the ' store' article. No picturesque fancies can be woven about the scientific light of the present day. Neither gas nor electricity have superstitions to endear them to the hearts of people. They are purely commercial and enter not at all into the lives of the family in a sentimental way. ' There is a letter in the gas' would have no meaning ; if gas were capable of such an intuition it would be a bill that would be in- dicated. But folks who are old now will re- member the fluttering spark that would always cause the remerk—now illustrated in a favorite song—' There's a letter in the candle.' They will remember, too, when sitting up with some dear friend who was ill, how the guttering grease would form a shroud on the edge of the candle, and the test of such occasions, to suddenly blow out the light and then instantly blow it in again ; of candles that sputtered and burned blue as a ghost passed through the room. These are old superstitions, rooted in the folklore of the country. In the old ballad of ' Lorenzo the Brave' it is recorded : ' The dogs as they eyed him drew back in affright, And the lights in the chamber burned blue.' It would have been a cruel awakening to those who believed in these old superstitions to have explained to them the reason why the flame of the candle burned blue—that the change was due to the system of chromatics, every ray of light consisting of the seven primary colors of the chemical combination of the hydrogen with oxygen. Swift wrote : ' The Squire he dropped his pen full soon, Whereat the lights burned bluely.' The blue light seen to rise from the decay- ing matter of marshes and ferns is called by the superstitious ' corpse candles,' ' fetch lights,' or ' dead man's candles.' If the light is a small one, it is supposed to predict the death of a child ; while a large one means an adult. It is related of Saint Gudula, who existed in the seventh century, that she possessed the miraculous power if her candle were blown out, of praying the flame back again, for which reason she is represented in her picture with a lantern. It was the old Roman custom to burn candles to the Goddess Februa, the mother of Mars, to frighten away the evil spirits. The antiquity of the candle takes us back to the time of Alfred the Great, the first king of England who burned candles to measure time. These time candles were tapers made of wax, each taper twelve inches long, and capable of burning four hours. Six of these last twenty-four hours. The present style of candle was used first in the fourteenth century. In 1481 a com- pany was formed in London for the manu- facture of wax candles. The models were the invention of a Frenchman. In 1856, after the discovery of gas, an im- provement of King Alfred's method was patented in England, in which candles were made with indentations, or colors, to indicate the time. The marks stood for quarter hours half hours and hours. There are two large candle manufacturing establishments in London, one of which covers twelve acres of ground. Candles are still in constant daily use in London and on the continent. In country homes the visitor will find his bedroom candlestick awaiting his use on a table in the hall—a flat candle- stick with an extinguisher, it not being either customary or convenient to carry a flaming candle in a parlor ' stick.' The tray of the bedroom candlestick holds matches, and receives any drops of hot tallow or wax which may drop—a certainty when candles are carried in draughts. At first there were but two kinds, wax or tallow ; but many improvements were made by the introduction of spermaceti, which was first used in 1842 and is an American inven- tion ; sperm, paraffine and composite candles, which have been very popular. The paraffine candles were hailed with delight, for they required no snuffing. But it was found too soft for a warm ballroom, and at a coronation ball given by Maximilian in Mex- ico the dresses of the noble ladies present were ruined by the melting and dripping of the candles, so that the ball broke up in consequence. The great beauty and high illuminating power of wax candles made them superior to all others. They were of a dazzling white, the wax being bleached to the greatest point it is capable of, and resin put in to give it a brittle substance, detected by its peculiar odor while burning. The colored wax candles are made by the addition of Prussian blue, chromate of potassia for yellow, ver- million for red, and carmine for crimson. There are German wax, pearl wax and Venetian. There is a candle procession in Rome and other Catholic cities of Europe on the 2d day of February, otherwise knows as Can- dlemas day, when all the candles that will be used the ensuing year are consecrated. It was formerly a pagan custom, when can- dles were burned—as they are to this day in come countries—to frighten away the evil spirits. ' On Candlemas day Candles and candlesticks throw all away.' The candle is a favorite illustration with the poets for life itself. ' Out, brief candle,' Shakespeare happily says ; and again : ' Night's candles are burned out.' ' The game is not worth the candle' is an old say- ing, and another one is ' Burning life's candle at both ends.' ' Shall I have to get married when I grow up ?' asked little Flossie one day of her mother. ' Just as you please, dear,' answered her mother with a smile ; ' most women do, however.' ' Yes, I suppose so,' continued the little girl, musingly, ' and I guess I better start right in and hustle for a husband now. They say that Aunt Jane has been at it for twenty years and hasn't caught on yet.' 