A Night in a Rat-Trap. 1 ? ? — ; ? ' * Unless men become- soldiers or ad venturers in other lands, they oftentimes cannot obtain the excitement of even disturbed slumbers. Should burglars attack the house, it is as well to remem ber that the periodical bought on the previous day's railway journey contains a coupon guaranteeing loss up to one thousand pounds, sny ; so that it is better to let them ' burgle' on at their sweet will, rather than interrupt, and be shot or knocked on the head. Ferocious dogs- are as a rule fastened up, and bulls not commonly left loose in the fields. Every now and then, however, it is possible by fire or water to secure an unusual sensation. The following narrative will show that exceptional ad vantages in this respect— outside these two elements — often fall to the lot of the most peaceful of men. Having inherited an old Border castle on the banks of the Esk, I felt it a duty at times to occupy it. An old woman acted as custodian ; and crumbling walls, rats, damp, and wind, to say nothing of a hereditary ghost, did not render it a pleasant home. In the last century, this ghost had obligingly held four con ferences with the Rev. Mr. Ogilvie, minister of Forganwick. The minister's exhortations, however — which are yet on record in a dingy duodecimo — were thrown away upon the way ward phantom; and on the minister's departure, he soon returned to his cantrips. Fortunately, the old woman was deaf, so that he knocked inside the walls and rolled up and down stairs as noisily as he Hked without disturbing her. I had been wont for some years to inhabit Toul denny Gastle for a month each autumn, us I could then obtain a little grouse shooting and trout-fishing on the neigh boring moorland. Some thirty years ago I was at the castle as usual in' a stormy October. The floods were out, and tempests night by night shook even the solid wall of the castle. There was a library of old-fashioned lore in the tower, and by means of curtains and a good fire, I made myself tolerably com fortable. Maggie, however, grumbled more than usually about the rats, and they certainly were both numerous and obtrusive. At length she announced her intention of leaving the castle for a night, in order to be present at- the wedding festivities of a niece in a neighboring village. It struck me that while she was absent, I would strike a decided blow at the rats. The uppermost storey of the tower was used as a storeroom, and 1 was not sur prised at old Maggie's complaints when I found four or five holes in the floor near the walls, and evident traces that, night by night, rats held high revelry there upon my meal and cheeses. I re membered the raids which the men con nected with the slaughter-houses at Paris once made upon rats, after baiting the rooms for a few nights with horse-flesh and leaving the vermin to devour them in peace. Their victims were numbered by thousands ; and it occurred to me that on a smaller scale I, too, might get rid of a considerable number of these pests. Accordingly for a couple of nights before Maggie left, I put baits of sugar, biscuits, and honey on the floor of the storeroom, finding next morning that these had been much appreciated by the rats. On the day of my projected battue I placed five tin boxes cunningly by the side of the holes, connecting them with string to my down-stairs library, so that when I liked to pull the string the lioxes would fall over the holes and leave the rats behind, as Junenal says, 'in clusos carcere nassaj.' I took care to put out more and more dainty cakes that day than usual ; and as I heard the rats in the evening running behind the wain scot, chuckled over the example so speedily to be made of the marauders. Maggie went oh' at three on a dull dark afternoon. She left a cold dinner in the dining room ; and after discussing it I went up to the library and smoked till about 11 p.m., when I laid aside my book, and prepared for revenge. Arm ing myself witli a handy flexible cane, I lit a bedroom candle and pulled the im portant string. Judging from the com motion overhead, a good many rats wore imprisoned. What a sight presented itself as I opened the storeroom door and quickly closed it behind me ! The floor was black with rats, tumbling and leap ing over each other in dire terror. The Pied Piper himself might have summoned them — Great ruts, small rats, lean rats, brawny rats, Brown rats, Mack rats, gray rats, tawny rats, Grave old plodders, gay young frisk t-rs, Fathers, mothers, uncles, cousins, Cocking tails uml pricking whiskers, Families by tens and dozens. I began at once to lay about me with the cane, and wherever it foil at least one victim suffered. Then I turned and hit behind me, the rats fleeing in abject fear. I thought of the stories of rats attacking men when they were driven into a corner, and decided now that they were gross exaggerations. At that moment my candlestick slipped out of hand and fell with a rattle on. the floor, leaving me in utter darkness. In an instant a rat sprang at my throat, and as'I seized and dashed it on the ground, several more leaped at my face, and more ran to my ankles .and climbed up within and without my trousers, inflict ing sharp bites when they found an op portunity. In vain did T shout and dash them off, trample on them, and lay about mo with the cane. More came, till I began to be seriously alarmed, and thought of Bishop Hatto's fate. Had I fallen, they would have eaten me alive. I fumbled for the door, and at length turned the handle. Fool that I was, I had forgotten, when I closed it behind rue, that it fastened with an old-fashioned spring, having perhaps been used at times as a prison. ; There was no pos sible exit ; and I was bitten severely round my neck and face as I tried to, kick the door out. The. brutes had lost all fear of man; in the darlr, and I shud dered at tho thought of my bones being found in that awful den. Something must be done, and that speedily. There was a large aperture in the outer wall six feefc from the floor. An iron stanchion ran through it, di viding the aperture in two. Outside was a curious iron cradle, something like the ' crow's nest' on. the mainmast of a modern whaler, and here watch ? and ward used to be kept in the troublous days of old, or a captive was put in it, as the Countess of Buchan was dis played from the walls of Berwick. A ladder led to it from the floor, but it lay broken and rotting on the ground. I was impelled, however, with the horror of the situation ; and while half-a-dozen rats at least hung on each leg, I swept off as many more from my neck and face, and, leaping up, seized the stanchion. D.espair lent strength, and I pulled myself up by putting my feet on the rough stones of the wall, dis lodged some half-rotten boards, and felt the cold night-air blow on my heated, bleeding face. Next I threw all the rats that were hanging to my legs far out into the dark void below. The river Esk I knew ran beneath, and there wns little fear of any of them surviving the fall. Some rats, I found, maddened by the smell and taste of my blood, climbed as I had done up the rough stonfe walls and positively attacked me again, like so many angry ants. Wounded, torn, bleeding, and bitten in every limb, I managed to push myself out gently into the iron cradle, and there was comparatively safe. Only two or three rats could reach me, and these I soon dashed down. The others apparently gave up the chase when I was thus in the cold wind and rain, comparatively out of their reach. I was safe for the time, but by no means comfortable. I leaned against thick iron bars which were dripping with wet and exceedingly cold. The wind was gathering to a hurricane, and I had no covering of any kind. It must be about midnight, I calculated, and morn would not break before seven at the earliest. Buttoning up my coat, I made up my mind to face any inclemency of weather, rather than descend to the murderous den I had so narrowly quitted alive. The rats would depart at dawn by making two or three fresh holes, and I could break down the door, get to bed, and foment my wounds. In a very short time I was stiff and shivering with cold. Shower after shower drifted over ; the wind blew in squalls, and roared round the tower. Moon and stars were alike obscured ; but a dull, heavy roar came up from below. I knew it was the Esk far down in full flood. There was nothing for it but to wait on as patiently as I could. Feeling my watch's face, I guessed it was about half- past three. Soon a dreadful fear stole over me, one that even silenced the horrors of my escape from the rats. If I rnoved in my uneasy perch, it appeared loose and rickety. What if it broke down alto gether with my weight in it? It cer tainly had held no one, save some adven turous' boy, for a hundred and fifty years, so that the ironwork and staples might well give way beneath my weight. I gently rocket! myself, and the whole structure showed such alarming symp toms of collapsing, that I lay still in the greatest fear, scarcely daring to sneeze or cough. If the cage did yield, I should be precipitated sixty feet down into the raging river. I would have returned to the storeroom and taken my chance of the rats having left ; but to alter my position and get back to the big iron stanchion was in itself most perilous. If I put any undue weight upon a dangerous part, I should infallibly be dropped into the Esk. From its roar and rush far below, I could guess what my fate would be did I fall. Slowly the hours wore on, as they only do when the mind is in deep stress of anxiety. Half-famished and blue with cold, I rejoiced to see far away a streak of light upon the horizon. My heart leaped as I recognised the first footsteps of the dawn ' clad in amice gray.' Gradually the light broadened, and the night grew brown instead of black, and then the gloom dissolved and faded, and a red rim surrounded the distant eyn of light. And then the hills grew more distinct, and, joy of joys, the sun rose upon a dripping world ! I could now investigate the crazy iron cradle in which I rested, or rather lay. It had originally been attached by two iron bands to the central stanchion, and by two huge iron pins, some four fcot under the aperture, to the wall. The iron bands hud long been rusted through, and the whole weight of the structure now rested on one of the iron pins which penetrated the joint of the masonry, and looked most insecure. My getting into it had evidently caused the other pin to slip out, so that the infirm structure and 1 rested — so long as I did not move — on the one weak-looking pin. I saw at once that a movement might cause it to slip sideways, when I should be precipi tated out at once ; or else to snap oil', when I should also be carried downwards in its ruin. There was a further danger, that my very remaining in it might cause it gradually to become detached from the one pin which alone held it to gether. Here was a dreadful discovery ! My head was below the level of the aperture ; and to raise my arras, shift my position, and attempt to grasp the stanchion, was perilous in the extreme. It was firm enough, I saw. Could I once clutch it, I felt assured that I could pull myself up and reach the interior of the storeroom. Two more mortal hours did I wait in hopes that some one would come, and I could call .for help ; but Maggie - would not be back till evening, and no : public road ran near the tower. It overlooked ft wide stretch of moorland..'. I was now so benumbed, too, that I felt what steps were to be taken would have ;to be chosen at once. I dared not stand up on the crazy ' crow's nest.' Change of posture might immediately cause its fall. Having carefully studied the situation, I determined to wait no longer, but to take off my braces— which 'wore fortu nately made qt stout buckskin — and throw them round tho stanchion. I could then venture to stand up, and, holding by them, could pass hand above hand to the stanchion, when despair, I felt, would give me strength to pull myself up. .Accordingly, I began my attempts to throw the braces round the stanchion ; ten'or twelve times they fell back on me, and then a new terror seized me, lest they should slip out of my hands altogether, in which case sudden death would stare me in the face. At that moment a voice reached my ears from below, and I saw my keeper passing under with the-gardener. ' Save us !' he said, ' is yon the maister like a bird in a cage? He'll surely be doon in a meenute; inair.' — Hold on, maister,' he shouted. Til come up! Hold on!1 * Just then a large piece of mortar gave way below me, and fell clattering down the, wall into the river with a splash. I saw that a. moment's delay might mean death, so, rising slowly to my feet, I flung the braces once more round the stanchion and grasped the ends, when, with a dull' crack, ? all the iron cradle gave way under me and fell, with a horrid crash into the Esk.. I remained hanging three or four inches below the stanchion ; but fortunately retained my senses, and gripping the braces in my teeth with the strength of despair, pulled myself up inch by inch, and seized the stanchion in my right hand ; then I dropped the braces, and with a great effort reached up with the left and gripped it convulsively with both, still hanging, but so far safe. Not an instant dared I linger, as I felt my strength going every moment, hut dragged myself higher and higher till I got hold of the masonry within with one hand, and clung a second to gain breath. Now came the worst part of the struggle; I had to bring the left hand from the stanchion to the wall and pull myself on to my chest in the window. I did get the hand on the stone, but could not, even for dear life, get farther. My eyes closed, my head swam, a mist came over me, and I all but dropped in a faint. But just then I heard the steps of the keeper coming, ah ! how leisurely, up- stairs ! ' Quick, quick, Malcolm, for your life!' I shouted in a last ell'ort of vitality. ' Come, and get hold of me ! Quick ! Haste !- Help ! ' And I all but fell j but now the door opened, and Malcolm rushing in, clasped both my wrists, and I was safe ! I was in a dead-faint, and Malcolm would never have pulled me up by. himself. With the help of the gardener,-who now hurried in, I was dragged into the room more dead than alive, and lay. senseless on the floor till a glass of whiskey, the national panacea for all evils, was brought. Even then, I was stiff, bleed ing, torn, wet through, and generally miserable. They helped me to bed, however, and I slept. Of course, thinks the reader, you had a bad brain-fever afterwards. Certainly not. At least your hair turned white with the agony of that night? Nothing of the kind. I was bathed and fomented, and rested for a couple of days in bed, and then, thanks to a good constitution, was able to leave for England. Much, however, as I value the old tower of Touldermy Castle, I see it too often, am devoured by its rats, ay, and hang from it, too frequently in my dreams, to care ever again to behold its walls, gray, stern, and weather beaten, against the heathery hills and far blue mountains of Eskdale. — Chambers' 8 Journal. 