NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. JUDITH SAXON, THE PITMAN'S DAUGHTER, BY J. MONK FOSTER, H.uts of of "A Pit-brow Lassie," " Slaves of Fate," A Miner's Mil _ lion," "Queen of the Factory," " The White. Gipsy," " The Lass that Loved a Miner," &c.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XIII: Rogues in Council. When Mr. Aaron Dunsford arose on the Sunday morning following his second repulse by Miss Saxon, his re- flections on the preceding evening's incidents were far from being agreeable, and his old housekeeper and the other servants at the Manor House declared With reason that their master was very grumpy, ill-tempered, and out of sorts that morning. That Dunsford had slept little during the past night perhaps accounted to some extent for his irascibility. But his latest auger was not owing to lack of sleep, for he had passed equally sleep- less nights before without arousing in his breast those twin demons of unrest and mortification of spirit which as Bailed him virulently now. Tossing on the soft bed he had re- hearsed again and again his last interView with the superbly handsome daughter of the pitman ; had recalled With a confiding bitterness his own impassioned words and her passionless coldness ; had seen her hurry away and meet her lover ; had torn once more across the grass to lie in wait to learn that his successful rival was one of his own datallers, whose labour he was buy- ing at the rate of 4s. 3d. a day. After seeing Judith and Garswood together, and realising that they were sweethearts, his thoughts had turned irresistibly to schemes Of retaliation. to be revenged upon them all-Judith, her lover, and Noah Saxon-was so easy. He had but to say the word, and both of the men were discharged, and their dismissal from work would teach the girl a lesson as to his own power and the nothingness of those she respected and loved. He went to sleep at last, thinking of the satisfaction he would derive from such a method of reprisal. Bereft suddenly of his comfortable situation and good wages, Noah Saxon would scarcely be inclined to endorse or condone his daughter's unfortunate selection of a lover and dismissed from his employment even Garswood himself might become less enamoured of the Under looker's fair daughter. But in the morning, when the somewhat chill sunshine was streaming over the denuded fields, and the bells of the parish church were calling the re- ligiously inclined villagers to early service the master of the Squire Pit put such ideas of retaliation away from him. He did so not because he had forgiven Judith for her astounding refusal of his proposal, nor because he had ceased to blame her father for not urging her to accept his master's hand, nor to cause his bitterness of feeling for his rival had been displaced' by more charitable emotions. None of these considerations had changed him. He had given up all' idea of striking at Judith through her father and Garswood from motives of prudence and policy alone. To discharge Saxon at that moment, when he had not the slightest justifica- tion for doing so apart from his private resentment would be simply to set the tongues of all the village gossips a wagging would make himself and his love the topic, target, and scorn of the Whole neighbourhood. And even if he dismissed Fred Gars wood from his employment he could ex pectionly a smaller storm of a like nature, Both "men were guarded by elrcurastotaees he could not afford to despise. Hence, for the present, at least; they were safe. All these matters Aaron Dunsford thought of and calmly considered as he sat in his room dallying over his late breakfast He wasn't beaten yet, he told himself stubbornly. Until Judith Saxon was another man's wife she was not lost to him. That he would win her yet against all odds he was sanguine. Now, more even than before, was he resolved to send her to his will. But he must go to work quietly. The patience, pertinacity the coolness and during which had stood him in such good stead during the past teens of years must be resorted to and depended upon once there. The mineowner had just arrived at these conclusions when the tall, bony old dame, whose ill-favoured features were the detestation of the Langhurst youngsters, entered the room. "Your nephew has called, Mr. Dunsford, the housekeeper said. "I told him I thought you were busy. What shall I say ?" " Tell him to step this way, Mrs. Dea kilns," he answered. "I want to! see him." She slid away with shuffling feet, and some moments later Leonard Dunsford walked in, with a look of pleasure upon his florid countenance. " Good morning, Uncle. At breakfast, I see. I was walking past this way, so I thought I'd drop in." " Well, I'm glad to see you, Leonard. Take a chair. I suppose you've had your breakfast ?" " Long ago thank you. I've had a walk round the colliery since I breakfasted, and a chat with Saxon, also." " Where did you see him ?" ? ?' At the pity of course." -''Oh, certainly. I'd forgotten for the moment that he goes there every Sunday just for a short time to see that all is right And what was new with Saxon V Anything ?" " Nothing. At least he didn't say there was. I left him on the top of the pit with a young chap they call Garswood." " Garswood Î Oh, do you know him as " Certainly-as I do the Other miners." " And what do you think of him He's rather a good-looking fellow, isn't he, and very friendly with the Saxons ? But that is only natural, considering that he saved the undertaker's life, eh ?" " So all the colliers say," the younger Dunsford answered in a grudging tone, and with a scowl on his fresh face, " But I don't think much of Garswood." " Why ?" Aaron Dunsford asked sharply, a new light breaking suddenly in upon him, and a fresh idea taking sudden root in his daring and crafty brain. " Oh-well, he seems altogether too smart for an ordinary pitman," Leonard replied, a trifle confused. " He knows too much, and thinks too much about himself, to suit my taste, that's all." " Leonard," said the mineowners, with a forced smile upon his visage, and an affected railery In his tones, " you are jealous of this young chap. You don't like him because he is on better terms with Noah Saxon's daughter than you are." A glance at his nephew's tell-tale countenance satisfied the cunning speaker that his random shot had struck the target. The suggestion that Cars wood was on a better food ing. with Judith Saxon than Leonard Was had sorely rounded his vanity, while it crimsoned his face, and In als momentary chagrin young Dunsford forgot to disavow his predilection for the obtaining malden. Quick to note these things, Dunsford senior yet felt satisfied with the knowledge. If Leonard loved Judith so much the better. If he could only play his nephew against Garewood all might end according to his wishes. It was a pity the young fools couldn't wipe out one another, and in that way leave the field clear for himself. " You haven't forgotten the girl then ?" he queried, smiling. " I thought she had made an impression on you that first day you came here. Well, she is very pretty, and I don't wonder at you. But, my boy," with a great show of amiability, "you will have to be quick about it if you don't intend that young miner to have her. I saw them together only last night." " What ?" burst suddenly from Leonard's unguarded Ups, you saw Judith Saxon with Fred' Garswood ? Where " In the fields somewhere near the village and the colliery. It was at dusk, I remember, as I was coming homeward A half-stifled, half-uttered exclama- tion of anger fell from Leonard's lips. " But you don't really care for the girl, do you, Leonard ?" the mineowner asked in a tone of the gentlest reproof. " I do, uncle !" the other affirmed, solemnly. " I am very much taken up with her, and if I was only sure that you wouldn't object to the alliance I would go in and win !" " Then go in and win. But don't ' hold this other man too cheap., If you are going to win Miss Saxon how, my boy, you have got all your work cut out." " I imagine not," Leonard answered, with a smile and a gesture which he spoke a conscious superiority. "Now that I have your sanction I shall spare no efforts and waste no time. I will soon drive this adventurer out of the place." " When you do I shall begin to think you are winning." " No fear of me losing, you'll see. But if you really wish to see me successful, uncle, you might help me." " In which way ?" Aaron Dunsford asked, most suavely. " By giving Garswood the ' sack or rather by giving somebody the last to do it. If he was out of work held soon leave the village." " No ! no ! I can't do that. Besides, it would be so unfair. If this Gars wood is to be driven away from the neighbourhood you must do it, Any- thing legitimate I am prepared to do, Leonard, but nothing further." The young man muttered something under his breath about driving his rival away unaided, and his relative added cunningly " Well, let the matter rest for the present. I daresay you won't object to a drink before you go ?" " I don't mind If I do." " Well, what will you take ? A drop of whisky or some beer ?" Beer, thanks." Aaron rang the bell, ordered a jug of ale to be brought in, and then he helped himself to the whisky and sodawater which stood on the sideboard. For some little time longer uncle and nephew were together, and as they sat there sipping their drinks each was busy with his own plans for the future. (To be continued on Saturday.) If " Table Talk is to be believed, Mr. Seymour Allan is still in Sydney waiting for his £1000 damages. We are told that "the bailiff remains outside Sydney Truth' office. Whether he will ever get tired and give the job best is doubtful. He has taken root ; had, rain, and sunshine could not move him, and there are indications that he will still be found there when the Millennium comes round, unless he gives up the ghost in the mean '-while. The proprietor, editor, and staff quite enjoy the fun of being hauled up through the window, and their ceaseless Jokes rankle in the breast of the poor bailiff to such an extent that murder is often observed in his eye. It appears an easy matter to obtain judgment, but a hard matter to execute it." " , ' , CADBURY'S COCOA. The typical cocoa of English manufacture, Absolutely nure."-Xht Analvst.-|ADval 