CHAPTER II. WAS SUE DEAD. I LEAKED back in the carriage and drew a long breath. The events of the last four hours appeared absolutely in credible. When I began to recover a little from my surprise, I made a violent effort to stop the driver, and inquired from what street we had started. * Varick,'was the laconic reply; and on we rattled. But I felt convinced that this was not true, and also that the driver had been instructed to confuse rae by a variety of turns. It was evident that my patient's friends knew how to keep a secret if it was necessary. But I might be sent for again. And then I felt angry that I' had learned so little about them. Of the whole party I knew but three Christian names, but Muriel was a peculiar one. The events of the night had succeeded so rapidly, and my anxiety had been so great, that I had not found a moment to devote to solving the mystery. It was just one when I reached home. I threw myself on the sofa, but, though no one came to disturb me, I could not sleep. With every other breath I asked myself if Muriel really had been poisoned 1 Surely her lover would not do it 1 Altlioa hated her-of that I was quite certain, but still she was anxious to have Harold marry her. Muriel's death before she was eighteen would be an advantage to her uncle, yet it seemed monstrous to accuse him, or any one, for that matter. I was thankful to have the day dawn. I always took breakfast with Mrs. Warren, so I brushed my hair and made myself tidy- Then I bethought myself of my fee, which I had thrust into my pocket without glancing at it. If it had not been there I should have treated the whole thing as a chimera, but there it was-a fifty dollar note, much crumpled and worn, on one of our city bank?, and without the slightest mark of identification. My heart gave a great bound. With my economical habits it would keep me for a month. I went in to breakfast in pretty good spirits. Mrs. Wnrren was standing by the wide basement window-ledge. ' I owe you an apology for not being more prompt,' I said. 'Nearly a week in March has gone, but I have had a good deal on my mind,' which was true enough. 'It doesn't matter. Now that we know one another so well, waiting until the end of the month would answer.' ' It is best as it is,' I returned with a laugh. 'I might run away some fine night.' ' And be brought back in a carriage as you were this morning. I was as tonished that I really had to get up, but I thought it nearer inoming.' 1 Oh, you saw my state, then ?' I said in a gay tone. ' I suppose that was owing to the storm.' ' ll was a terrible night. It is hardly clear yet.' The sky was full of clcar, gray clouds, with a line of watery yellow in the east. We had quite a chatty meal, though no further reference was made to my call. Then I went out to seek Louis liarlholdy. Ho had a suite of rooms in Thiiteenth Street, then a very fashionable locality. A parlor, sleeping and sitting-room, oddly but exquisitely furnished. Here he might generally be found until ten o'clock in the morning, and here he in vited his friends to dine or lunch, and gave the most recherche little suppers. I strolled in. He was lying on the sofa reading the morning paper, and just at the arm stood a small marble-top tabic, containing a plate of dry toast and a lovely china cup half-full of black coffee. ' Well,' he exclaimed, rising on his elbow, 'is it an intricate case? One might guess that you had been out all night. You don't look as if you had slept a wink.' He was so quick to detect the slightest change in any one. 'That is cxactly it,' I returned. 'I have had a putting and mysterious case, and I have not slept at all.' ' In your brain!' and he laughed. 'You were straight enough when I left you last night.' ' Was it a ghost of some unfortunate skeleton ?' . Sit up, laziness, and attend to me,' I said. 11 have a very strange story to tell fou. I was called out last night and here is my fee.' As I spoke I displayed the bill. ' I shall begin at the very first,' I said; and I described my strange visitor and the imperative summons. He was in terested immediately, and roused himself to an attitude of attention. I went on very minutely, stated Mauriel's symptoms and what specifics I had used, and then making a pause, I asked: ' What would you have done ?' He leaned his chin on his hand in deep thought. 'Repeat that about her state-her pulse and the condition of the body. A peculiar kind of consumption it seems to me.' I went over that part again. ' Mac,' be exclaimed, 1 if we could have had my case of antidotes ?' I smiled at this, and resumed: ' I had them. You forget them a few evenings ago. If I could have sent for you I should, but as death appeared imminent in any case, I bethought myself of one remedy and ventured to use it.' He was listening in his peculiar, ab sorbed fashion, and I detailed the re mainder of my night's experience. 'And you actually restored her to consciousness ?' ' Yes; and saw her married.' . It is the strangest thing I ever heard. You were right in calling it a mystery. But you roust have learned something about them ?' ' It vexes me to think that I have no clew whatever. I wonder now how I could have allowed everything to escape me, but the moments sped _so vapidly and the events were so startling, that I really could not command my fore thought. They have promised to send again, however, and I know well that Muriel desires to live.' 'But if someone else desires her death ?' There it was! They had her in their power. 'You were not bright, Mac, to lose every thread that might lead to the dis covery, but with all sharpness, one might have failed. The girl must have been poisoned - there's no question about that.' 'Muriel is an unusual name,' ! re sponded. 'I shall watch the list of deaths, and that may afford us a faint clew.' * People who go into such wholesale villainy generally have keen, clear brams. Still, an accident may bring something to light. Keep my case, in event of your being called on again.' It was past ten, and I felt that I should j be at home. I could not divest myself of a stubborn belief that I should hear more of Muriel. ] ' I'll drop in to-night,' said Bartholdy. j I remained in my office until two, j when I ran out for a little lunch, and! visited my old patient. From that time until evening no one came, save a poor old woman with a severe attack of neu ralgia. . It was quite a treat to discuss the matter with Bartholdy again. - Turn it in every light, and it was a mystery still. We read up all our curious cases of i catalepsy, but none appeared exactly ! like it. .Butthen she had medicine enough for to-day,' said Louis, 'and perhaps there may be no hurry about Muriel's death now. I went through Varick Street and found two rows of houses an swering your description. In one of the rows there is not a case of illness.' «I do not believe it was in Varick-st.' . Neither do I.' We both laughed at this. I waited in a most impatient state of patience. Every pull at my bell set my nerves in a flutter, and to make the matter harder to bear, not an evening but some one strayed in, often of not the slightest importance. It was provoking to be alternately roused and depressed. Thus passed three days. Spring was j coming on with bland airs and soft blue skies. How often I thought of Muriel I cannot te'.l. The fair, sweet face | haunted me. I could almost feel the soft, silken hair in my fingers, and see those lustrous, imploring eyes. And Althea-was she still weird and dan l gerous in her beauty ? ' But I want you to come around to my den to-night,' he said. 'There is no use in making such a hermit of yourself.' ' What now ?' | ' I hare been promised a splendid body for dissection- a young girl-a consumptive. I offered Collins a good round sum for the first chance lie had, and he declares that he has done the handsome thing by me this time.' ' When will you be there ?' . Oh, about eleven.' ' Well, I'll come tound.' Bartholdy had a room in a row of buildings devoted to various experimental purposes. I'hysicians and cl\emisls had private apartments here, and the janitor, a discreet man, attended to his business, asked no questions, and made no com ments. I left home rather unwillingly, I con fess. Threading my way up the long stairs ar.d through the dim hall, 1 tapped at the door, and found Bartholdy alone, enjoying his cigar. ' I can't understand what keeps Collins. Woe betide him if he has given some other person my chance!' I looked at the delicate face with its drooping features-for no other word ap plies so well to them-the air of refine ment and even fastidiousness displayed in the slender white hand, which might have belonged to a woman, as well as the finely cut lip, that could curl so easily. I shivered. . What's the matter, old fellow. Are you cold ?' I believe if I had been a young girl I should have fallen irrevocably in love with Bartholdy, and followed him to the ends of the earth. ' No; but I have a particular feeling about ' ' Well, about what ?' and he shook the ashes from his cigar. . I can't exactly tell you. Just as if I never wanted to touch a dead body, and as if there was some important reason for my being at home.' ' Nonsense ! You've staid in one place until you are growing womanish and whimsical.' I glanced around the room as if a ghost might start up from some corner. The furniture was not very extensive. A rude centre-table containing some, books and papers, six or eight wooden chairs in various stages of decomposition, a strip of hooks, from which depended sundry cast-off but still useful articles of clothing, a long dissecting table, and a sheet-iron stove. There was a handful of fire in it now, for the night was rather chilly. I had been here under almost every imaginablecircumstance. Alonetb rough the silent nights, with Louis simply, or made one of a careless party, who laughed or sung snatches of gay songs over their ghastly work. I cannot tell why I should loathe it all now, but I did long to fly. Science seemed to have lost its charm. I really hoped that Collins would fail in his undertaking. With it all I had a vague, dreamy idea that I should be summoned to Muriel What if some one came and found tne out ? 'Sit down and have a cigarV ex claimed Bartholdy. 'This confounded business is making you a bundle jof nerves.' I sat down, but for a wonder declined the cigar, for I was meditating upon a plausible excuse for defection. Every moment a nameless terror grew upon me. The heavy tread of two men lumbering . up the stairs aroused us. Bartholdy sprang to the doot and opened it They came in and deposited their burden upon the table. Collins was a known resurrectionist, and so years ago those things were much more in vogue. He and Bartholdy had a little conversa tion in a low tone, the sum of money was paid and the two departed Louis turned the key behind them. It. was like cutting off my last chance of escape. He lighted the burner directly over the table and fumbled awhile about the body. ' I believe I won't stay after all,' - I said, rising with a great effect * You may laugh, Bartholdy, but I have a curious presentiment ' 'Nonsense!' interrupted he. ' If Collins did not lie, here is a better sub ject than your dreams.' He was unwinding the outer covering of coarse towcloth, I watched him with a kind of sickening feeling. A young girl-and Muriel was a young girt What if some sacrilegious hand dis turbed her grave I ' Good Heaven!' he ejaculated* ' What a beautiful creature ?' The blnnket fell away. I caught a glimpse of a white robe and flowing, golden hair. With one stride I was.' beside him. A long, long glance. 'Great Heaven !' I cried, 'it U Muriel I' 1 Macdonald, you have lost yont ' senses I' Louis Bartholdy's face was almost as white as hers, and bis frame shook as if with ague. ' No, I have not 1' I answered fiercely, ' This body is Muriel's I It is her hair, her glorious eyes, her delicate features 1', The eyes were opened and still brilli ant. I took the hand in mine-it was cold, but limp, with no deathlike rigidity. 'Oh, Heaven 1 she is not dead'1 I cried in a strangling voice. ' Here J take your antidote I Try with all your skill,,and the merciful saints help you! She must live again I' My words seemed to electrify him. He tore off the wrappings, and there she lay in her winding sheet, still and beau tiful as an angel. Then he felt for her heart. .I don't know ' in a hoarse, tremulous tone. 'But/know. They have dosed her with their hellish stuff, and yet, thank Heaven, done their work bungiinglyl Try! try! You must bring her back to life!' He raised her tenderly and studied the face. Then we made a rude bed, for it seemed cruel to have her on those hard boards. I spread out my ploid, and raised the ends of her shroud with fondest care and respect. One dainty foot slippered with white satin was visible. Bartholdy applied his ear to her heart, then the stethoscope. The room seemed most solemnly still. Great drops of perspiration started from every pore of my body. It appeared an hour to me, at least, and yet, I do not suppose it was more than ten minutes. All this time I was studying Bartholdy's face with the most agonizing alternations of hope and des pair. It was so desperately calm and immovable that it might as well have been marble. ' Yes,' he began slowly,' I believe you arc right I can imagine a faint and infrequent pulsation. Life is not quite extinct, but held in thrall by some power ful agent. Give me the case 1 Which did you use ?' (To be Continued.) 