SKETCHES. UK ay HI Vt'HEN CREEK MEETS CREEK. |H A TAL£ OF LOVE AND WAR. Bg Itr JoaKfH HAjftQN.f' V. H all worm -figarfiVfinli T-vlv buter XXII.-" iWitsnu Br Reason WoutjyDnsPAirt."'' V, >);. H, „M nearly d nj l ig li tVwH/ii tho two good IB.-. wlibed their guoatsMidjr nnd Da, Hmiir'i spirit rose with thariiJolfpr Hg'iln, lereuea between them and tholrposnblS BBieert before the day was over. HvVcu shall wear tlieto, monsieur le comto and Bbiise l> oointesie, nnd I shall oall you no EKitbie citoyenno and oitizon for the rest of B journey." said Joioph, aftor their first long Baaed ""J wer0 E'aliaig loisnroly. » ntmiuttd a couple of tricolor favors ready Biotnl with pine, ndiliug, in response to de Hunter's look of surprise, "Nay, your disguise Bid complete without ; and it is only noting ; B hurts are true, but we must fight the Bur Bill> l,is m7u weapons." B'Ht Is right, dear," said Motbllde, taking the HLior and pinning it on her breast. Hit b a hateful thing to do," »eld de Four- Bh'sr, dear ; the king woro the cookede," said Mtillde. B"fi>e gravest of his mistakes ; he is si prisoner Bnuen of it." Bl! was Honslsur Berlin's orders, Vil von. Hit," said Joseph; "and the same; color, wero Hrour new uniform, monsieur le comto." HnVith a difference, J oseph, with a- dlfferoneo," ftfa dc Founder, toying with thd- rirvolutiqnury B'M moreover, you are vouohad for as a good Hriit, aud your name is Duval," said Joseph ; Hiiina Dural, and Oitoyenne Duval, your Ms Hssipb smiled as he produacd an exception- Br defer forgery of the permits to travel and Hgolt France, si-nod by Robcipiorre. It was Bnr; difficult matter at that timb to buy such Bipod An oxccllent trade in similar docu- Bats had long been established in Paris. B'lioniieur Bertin has been moro than Bigbtful," said do Founder. B'Aed it is possiblo ho may join ue — it is Biibie ho may quickly follow us with madamo Bl lbs young ladies, said Joseph. 'And what of tho Duko and Duohess de But)" ft'Tlnro i a way made safe for them," Joseph Biiul, "if the duko will accept assistance. Rojenne do Louvet is the friend of tho Wpaty Grebauvai, who assures her safoty Bid's, oho is indoed a revolutionary," H'Citoyenne do Louvet ?" exolaimed da Four- Mr; but ho chocked the unosmplimontary re- was ou b'a lip3, and looked at fisptbilje, B'Hays patience, dear ; put on tho now SB1 BjDo, monsieur lo comte," said Joseph. »® Aro Monsieur Bcrtin'a roprcionta- ft'Hi told mo, s'i vous platt, that I was to act Hnl were your captain." 'Titan i this " (holding up the oookade) "is a Bjt«r of diictphno, eh? H'Yei, monsieur." ft ' a B0'dlr knowa hovr to obey ft!?'1 1 1 !? c,oun( "and- hopes to learn ft5? 1,,"B ,love' ' he added, smiling at BHtilde and donning the hatoful badge. BAcdio they rode boldly for Honfleur. K...i iiW0" P'aced> the passports duly ft si i ' <? ?Rrty fiisntountcd at the sign of ftu. n ,. r a" went we"- An agent of in as they handod lliit t i . m'1 8 man; Joseph was to Btvri '1B Hormitago. ft wii. , i two 6UCBtB> bourgeois oitizon and sue, took some refreshment and prepared K/.,irJOU,rney' ,JoB<lph went forth to the St— "fi'efoa lugger was to be ready for loernoy across the Cliannci. But, alas, the KnluAV0' rcBl'y-, Tho enterprising fisher- arrC!lc|I. and his boat was moored ft S Vle fm.y. >n charge of an ofiiocr of W looai revolutionary committee that had Hint JL. ? oonB'"i>tod. Monsieur Bsrtin's Rlkpil i. ,i lb Litis information as they Hithemun '''ny' 16 tvae poasible, he said, Hd mSrt S ' 11111 prooiira another vosscl. He Bald ho 1 "I" boat for them, and they »ntur„.pi ?rup outBide tho barbor if Efo ho l..f0Ur fnvotlvbly for embarking ; but fnbad h 'our"nnd- twenty hours the nuw Boniward ?"y in taklnC noto of Rt Tim ,! w V0:!50'B. down to the smallest Bkiwd , WR9 idvorahls, however, and Kef'ed that wCB'-, bud surprised him, he Rly. l'i . "'oyi,hRl1 Passed into tho placo so Rwivous „ ii llad boon t0 ">akB a Rd, but sr,,„'" '-if 'l ooutb, along tho Rutstiio „„rur, ?«""'= 'astruotlona were Rcffictcil ri 08 „ or no emigration had Kir than In',.ln Hoafiunr, It was oousidored R'orer tlm I r points on the ooast, R'i Ind not I,?60 unt" tke Ptuyiou" low 1 1 u their w much rou"d by events in R> iw'n mnn» r'K ,r!' Rnd there had. In a P-connothf 'nir '10 S'ent ,or tka Ki"E- Kill beat liu? in whore tho agent s Ddirm. i,i y were ohallonged by a Rtoitbio to tho l'oatocl for some purpose un- B(ri eblsto rinn P'"""- He was, how- wanted mSJoiv 1 r ."f sorlllIny' Rnd BR'd |t forhisfri ? f,,loh aome flBl' fvm his l'elnlrrf,, '0"'!.? BUPP,r- The officer die- ft boats could l„! u well- known citizen, but "oouimltlso Honfleur without a permit B""1, M(iniieirni! f, Puvticular night at all ""thing In tlm nffi f 8 8nt whispered r'1'"t bc o,,i?OGr aUrar' and then, saying '"<! tot B ! .,or!<1 for bis fish Iator, re- In tonf, Joseph. ft" bo olenr llo" !!!nl|" be said, "tho oourao lwholai ilh. i»cn bo tolicved. and by I" lo detain l!lm ,"!P|oy'n«nt. I shall know 2 ttidlniu," ' " then hold your friends , Before tho two hours wore up, however, there rode pell-mell into Honflour Larooho and his posse. Do Founder had barely time to draw before Larooho covered him with a pistol, and two of his dismounted troopers with their captain were at his baak. 'Basistancs is as useloss as your disguise," said Larochej I would know you among a thousand." Had ho been alono do Fournior, spite of pistols and warnings, would have mado a fight of it, though ho should liavo lost ills life in the straggle, but Mathilda clung to hie arm, Joseph only arrived in time to saddlo his horses and esoape. His first impulse was to share tho fate of the fugitives lie had led so unfortunately ; his second was to hang on their roar and note their dispositions. With this object ho orept stealthily through the town and made a long detour. Commending himself nnd his oauso to God ho made for tho roail to l'aris. 'It was with a sad heart that Mathilda, oariy tho next morning, found hereolf rotraoing her steps towards St. Germain. Tho count, by every kind of littlo attention and with many a eomforting word, endeavored to smooth tho way. Laroche, mindful of his daughter's interest in his prisoners, had shown muoh con sideration for their comfort. He had permitted them to ride with a long distance betweon them and their guard, so that tiioy should bo free from irnmedinto surveillance. He had, how- ovcr, fust taken do Founder's word that ho would make no attempt at escape. Tho count, having been disarmed and being without tho slightost hope of roacue, had given his word ; and, an if by a mutual understanding, neithor he nor Mathildo talkod of tboir mishap. They recalled the first days of their meeting, before the count went to America, n beardless boy, full ,0$. romantic aspirations. They recalled tho bravery of Lafayette, and rejoioed that ha had esoapod from tho army whioli had ungratofnlly 'taken sidos against him. They did not know f. . bo hod fallen into tho lmnde of tho Good news often pioneers the truth of disaster. Mathildo oven smiled as tho count confessed to the timidity of his first love for her ; how dismayed he had been in her presence ; how sho had made him tremble moro tiinn all the British troops ho had mot in tho New World. Now that siio roalisod the worst, Mathilda was just as brave as the count. So long ae their fate was in doubt sho win timid, almost to cowardice. The worst being realised, their capturo completc, she was bent on making the host of it, resolved to lot hor love and fortitude shine upon tho shadow of her husband's defeat. All day, exeept for a short ronpito to bait hoth man and beast, the prisoners and their escort wended their way Biong the dusty- roads, through fields of half gleaned wheat, hy'yoliowing'woods, skirting quiet villages, and' crossing shining rivers. ; At night they lay at- Liaeaux ; and the next day on again tb'ey rode towards Eyrieux. "If It bo agreeable," said Larooho, "to morrow night we propose to rest at tho Hermit- age." "We must obey your orderB, monsieur," said tile count. "Nay, let it be so," interposed Mathildo. " 1 thought to please you with this proposal," skid Larooho, lu au offended tone. "And bo you do," Mathildo roplied; "and thore is another, not present, whom your- con sideration would pleaHe." " And who may that be, oitoyenne 5" askod Laroche. "Your daughter, monsieur," said Mathllde. "Do not name her," said Larooho; " it woro bettor not." " Why, monsieur 1 Becauso sho is good and kind, and has a great heart?" " Becauso she ia untrue to Franoe." "You moan that love and friendship are sacred things to her." " There is no lore nor friendship outside the lovo of France," said Larooho; "hut I would prefer not to talk of this. Is it your wish wo rest at the Hormitnga ?" . "Yes," said the count. . \ "I purpose thon to despatch a messongor thither to give tho pooplo warning of our ooming." Meunwhilo Joseph, having borrowed a fresh horao at Evrieux, was welt on his way to St> Germain to inform Monsieur Bertin of tho fatluio of their plans , and the desirability of ohanging bis own sohemo of rqmovql,.nud in the hope- of raising there a rescue, party/to meet Larooho and iiis prisoners botwoon St. Germain and the barriers. . ; - Ohaptuh SXIIL— While the Laihs was Singing. In duo oourso Mathildo and tho count drew rein at the Hermitage. The farmer and his wife reaeived them with tears, but had over looked nothing that oould make tboir' stay a comfort so long as it lasted. Larooho also took overy precaution to make the placo a safe pri son. Nevertheless, it was a blessed houso to Mathildo and De Fournior, their first home. Though it had been converted into a gaol, nothing cnuld change the sweet momorios that would cling about it for over in their imagina tion. So they dreamed on, and said naught to each other about thoir jonrnoy, nor of their hopes. They were together; for the present that wns enough. To both of them came the agonieing thought, "If they should separate us ! " But nsither uttered what was in thoir hearts, exoopt such things as woro lovely and tender ; and when they nroso tho next morning soon after daylight, the world of woods and fields, and tiie garden of soattored rosos and the song of bit da soemod to smile upon them and give thom good assurance of a future. A lark sang high up against hoavon's gate, and it it pleased Mathildo to follow it with her prayers and to fool that it was pleading for hor. The farmer auil tho humble partnor of his joys and sorrows and their ono man servant oame to the door to bid their guests ndieu and add thoir humblo blessings, Tho good wife, in hor brown woollen dress nnd apron, her sabots and colored oross-over about her brown neck, had to be supported by the farmer, who every now and then raised hie hand to his forehead in respectable salutation of Do Fournier's kindly words. " Oitizon," said Laroohe, " on my own behalf, and by desire of monsieur le capitaino and his oltlzen troopers nnd thoso whoso servants we art, wo thank you for your hospitality ; at the same time it is wall that you should kuow you are linblo to arrest, and your proporty to aonfis- cntion, for your previous harboring of onemios of the revolution." "No, no, monsieur," whimpered the farmer's wife. . "It io doath to give suooor to tho enemies of Franoe; and that you have dono," continued Larooho, as ho thrust his pistols into the holsters by his oumbersomo saddlo. "I am ready to suffer," said the old man, looking steadily at Laroohe, "If it ie a orimo to succor tho uufortunate." Tho sorvent man, who had beon in the family of the farmer's mastor, Monsieur Bertin, stood forward, silently subscribing to tho termor's loyal sentiment. "Moroover, it is my duty to stand by tho noblesao ; they havo stood by mo and mine." "Thon you aro exooptlons," said Laroohe, "and thsy havo not stood by Franoe— not as you moan by standing by." "They liavo thoir dutiei; we have ours," aaid the farmer. v uSiL by! "Rld Barooho with a ourlof his lip. They have stood by whilo tho people starved ; stood by while the people have grown the corn tiioy might not eat, and paid taxoa for icings to squander on wanton women ; stood by with tho poor begging for food, without moving a band to help thom ; and while wa are talking hero they aro standing by in tho hope that foreign troops will swarm over Franco and ohain us afresh with tho shookles wo have broken.." .'lT:'IaZyour Arguments are unanswerable," said Do Founder, speaking for the first timo sinoo he had monnted his horse, except to re. assure Mathildo and Bay farewell to their humble friends of tho Hermitage. " You havo command of tho floor; you back your opinions with prisons and scaffolds." In that wo tako a losaon from you. citizen," said Larocbo. II How from me? " " You and yours gave us the Bastille ; we respond with the Temple la Force and the Con- cicrgerie." " Tho wrongs that ratiy havo been dono by tho claaa to which I belong do not make right of tho wrongs you commit." "Tho wrongs of a thousand years have to be avenged. It iajuitioe," said Laroohe. What justice is there in murdering a noblo man for the fault of an anocstor 1 " "An example," said Laroche. ,fTha God whom you and the priests have monopolised amongst you, oven Ho visited tho ains of tho fathora upon tho childron, and made tho Inno cent a byword and a acoIDng, inasmuch as they were legatees of the past. Besides " " You spoak from your head, not your heart," said Do Fournler ; "and you seok a inera con troversial justification for a tyranny worse than that you claim to have overthrown." " Not overthrown, monsieur le comte, as you are wont to bo oalled ; only In course of over throw. Our battle is not at homo only j it is beyond tho frontiers, against the foreigner, whom Louis Capctencouragos to march upon us." Mathildc touohod De Fournier's arm as he was about to reply, aod he turned towards her. M Hush 1" slio said. " You arc going to mako an angry anawor; pray don't; the gondarme officer is growing impatient," II I will say no more, dear," ho replied. 11 Wo waste time, Citizen Laroohe," said tho officer of the troop. " Very well ; givo the word, then." "Attention !" said the officer. " Right wheel ; forward !" "You will follow the advanoe guard," said Laroeho to Do Fournler and his wife. " You shall havo a roaionable distanco for conver sation; we are not gaolers." De Fonrnier thanked Larooho, and taking tho bridlo of Mathilda's horse, led hor through the cottage gate into the path which by-and-byo joined tho high road to St. Germain. . It was a monotonous ride to Paris. No inoi- dont on the way ooourred to make it memorable. Joseph had found-St. Gormain more or less in tho hands of the new authorities. He had been unablo to approach 'Monsieur Boi-tin'a house until midnight. Thon he olimbed the park wall on its lass frequented sido, and m&do; his way into tho butler's room, where it was understood in case of nocd ho would find an unb&rrcd; door. He learnt that the house was In possession of a company of Munioipul Guards from Paris, Thoir chief officer had only thatdAy informed madame that if Monsiour Bertin did not give himself up within 24 hours, she and her dauehtcra woHld be removed to Paris. Mathilda and Do Fournior were spared this dcpreKsing pieoo of news. Their spirits foil as thsy entered Paris and noted the orowds of strange people, armed and noiny, aome marching in motley companion to join the troops at the frontiers, others singing vile songs and brandishing .their weapons in a mad, imbecile kind of way. SVithiu the barrier of the Champs Elyeeea a fresh ooutingont of troops joined Laroche's civil command. They were needful; for, passing along the Rue St. Honorl, a vast crowd surgod against them, groaning and hissing, and shouting hideous throats. Tho new contiugont brought with thom new captives. Every oonoeivable notao seemed to bo in the air as they pushod thoir way along tho streets, some of which wero still as death. It was in tho leading thoroughfares whore tboir course was impeded. In tho baok streets those who remained indoors had mostly barricaded their houses. All tho shops wore closed. An atmosphoro of torror was over the oity, all tho moro threatening in its sileut streets than where it was most apparent in storm and stress and wild ferment of pikes and the rolling of insurrectionary drums. Chapter XXIV.— Captives of the Commune : Matiiilde and De Fouiiniep. in Separate . Prisons. Time nnd a restless poop© havo wipod out tho architectural landmarks of the French revolu tion, but tho speotres of that awful past re main. You may traoe tho red footstep of tho terror through street and alley, in park and squaro, though fow of tho unco familiar surroundings any longer remain. The very names of the his toric localities have boon changed. The ghosts are thero all the same, and in all weathers ; in the sunshine, in the rain, when summer winds make gontlo ripples on the river, when winter gales blow stiffly about the grim towers of the Palais de Justice, and tho snow falls thick upon thondjaoent quays, and whitens tho Tuilsriea gardens — still the same sad memories oling about tho beautiful city. So long aa nations havo a history, so long will the story of tho agony of Paris touch the uni versal heart and alipsal to tho universal imagi nation. The piok nxo and the spade have demo lished tho old prisons, almost as oompletoly as tho Bastille. Under the tyranny of kings thero was only one Bastille ; under the ohang ing governments of the people there wore many, and of worse repute. The demolition of Old Paris stopped at the Palais de Juntloo and the Conciorgcrie. The spirit of ohange has paused in an uncertain way round about the bistorio prison. You still come upon ragged bits of the nrohiteoturo of the time, glimpses of old houses, aootiono of anoient streets ; but the district as the Marseillais saw it marohing through to the Pont Neuf, is no more, neither aro its unpaved streets nor its atraodphoro reeking of the guitar, but always pioturesqac. — in tho summer with blinds and shuttors against the sun, aud ourions signs indi cative of varied trades, nnd innB and oabarcts and hotels of wealthy citizens standing baok in quiot courtyards. On tho other aide of tho Seine ono eomes upon similar suggestions of a wild past, with its onos quaint streets of St. Martin, St. Houord, St. Donii; its Halle faux Bids ; its Rue de la Mon- nalo, which is still tho same narrow way though busy with raodorn magagins de marehandite8t and its intermediate conglomeration of passages, alleys and mixed thoroughfares Many of tho streets of 1792, with the Rue Barnabd, aro, however, to-day only memories — but what memories 1 Ono looks in vain for the old house where Jeffrey Ellioott oourted Marie Bruyaet ; but thore aro relics suffioinnt, between the Rue du Temple, tho Mont do Pidtd and the newer build ings of the Rue du Pont Neuf and tho Qual de Louvre, to enable one to cloture tho actualities of the soenes In which tne huraanitios of the time bad muoh ado not to be stamped oat alto- gether under tho hcols of tho fanatical inaur reotionarie. A word or two by way of historical remini scence will serve to explain to the general reader the character of the Oonciergerie and the singu larity of its name, It is an integral part of tho Palais do Justice. Originally a fortress, It bo- cam© a royal palaos, Kings, as well as republics, must havo prisons. The French monaroh who lived at this stately abode on the Seine in the early days preferrod a handy one ; so ho enlarged his palace in that direction. lie built a rest- uenco for tho governor of hia houso of detention, with its dungeons and Its instruments of torture, and they called him the "Oonoierge " of tho palaoe ; his speoial department therefore camo to be known as tho Oonciergerie; hence the namo of the historic prison to this day ; and in the present oconomy of domestio life in Paris tho "oonoierge" of our day may be said to In- horit the autooratio inatinota of bis more dis tinguished though less genial predecessor on the banks of the Seine. Prior to the revolution, the Oonciergerie had ft history which for misery and bloodshed it would havo taxed human invention to rival. During tho feuds of the Armagnaos and the Bourguignons tho "caboohiens " broke into tho gaol and killed every prisoner, man and woman. They strewod tho palace yard . with oorpaes, among them tho Count d'Armagnao, Constable of Franoe, six bishops, and several members of tho Paris Parliament, The plaoe was nearly burnt down in 1776, but a few years later it waB restored, in time for a revival ot its evil reputa tion. There it stands to this day, with ita two pointed towers, and all its romantlo and ghastly momories, on the banks of the Seine, which during the Terror ran with blood, oonveyed in a gulley constructed from the guillotine's, firat establishment in the Place de Grave It is difiloultin these brighter days, standing by tho gaily freighted river, to realise the coming and going of prisoners condemned ere they were tried, one daily procession of fair women and noblo men, on their way to death. You may enter the awful gates that now swing freely to and fro for the admission of the curious. You may soo the oells and the rooms, the stone dungeons that wero packed with prisoners of every class and grade. With an ordinary effort of imagination, you may hear the ribald shouts of fronziod men, tho sighs of insulted womanhood, the defiant songs of reckless soldiers, and you may smell tho standi of it ; all too terrrible for words to deacribe. Here, ono sad dny towards the latter end of August, 1789, came De Fournior, in tho oui tody of Larooho and an esoortof gondirmss. Othor prisoners arrived at tho same time. Two of them were royalieta of. distinction, who had In their day been pre-eminent among the most illustrious of Frenohmen. De Fournier, in comparatively humble clothes, attracted no particular attention from tho crowd that had gathered around the ap proaches to the Palais de Jnstioe. Through its guarded gatta and beyond ita grim courtyard tho Conoicrgerie was hidden. The majority of tho orowd were women. They screamad and yelled and hissed the two royalist prisoners, whose nobility of demeanor and at tho same time quiet snbmlssireneis to a oruel destiny might have awed ordinary mortals Into silent respeot. But these wero not ordinary mortals. They wore travesties of womanhood, sexless fiends in human shape. They were oreatures of the night, who, on the 10th of August, bad dabbled thoir hands in the blood of the king's guards in the Tuilories gardens, dabbled in it and drunk it round the insurgent fires, in which tbs flesh of horoio soldiers and stricken aristoorats had bson flung with the wreck of royal apartments. They had assisted to parade blooding heads on fear some pikes. They had played the part of priestesses at obsosne feasts, and taken awful oaths at devilish assemblies. Alroady tboir shadows were falling upon the immediate future of the Coociergerie, when De Fournier and his fellow victims Attraoted their attention. It was only for a few minutes that the prisoners cro&ted; a slight diversion from the businsss of th© morning, which was to ealute the procession of doatb on its way to the guillotine. Tho tumbrils were already drawn up outside tbe gatos. Presently they would enter, and return with palo pasxuugers, many of whom would suffer their bitterest moments iu tho oxeerations of the mob. i De Fournier noticed, topping tho rest of her grim sisterhood, Pierre Grappin's wife, cynically known as Madamo Angulique. She was the fiendish apex of & motley orew that osoillatcd round about htr like witohos iu a hideous dream, and in every kind of coitumo under tho sun, | some half droned like men, some in breech, others in Boldiera' coats, some with mob onp» and trioolor ribbons, others in the bonuet rouge; moat of them lantern jawed and pale, with dark rims around their eyes and wet lip. They flung thoir arms aloft, brandishing plkoa and soythos and muskets. There wero naked arms red with blood, arms in ooats of the National Guards, arms in bloody gowns, arms with short sleeves, arms with long sleeves, hands like olaws and hands with big bony fingers, none of thom but wwe'grihiy. and grim with tho gore of victims, the gnillotlup'tf or tho slain of no leas grim sanibulottr'&nd; ''revolu tionary brigands. j 12/ , . So strangely do all kinds cof things/ appeal to a man's sympathies at periqur-monSoijU and b£ the mid»t of great sorroweTL'that de4 CEIqurnier, found himself pitying Pierro ftr&'bis ntfrap aud honor should have been shardd' ,wi(h so rtle a creature as this mad imperaouatfouN)£.f.evolu-- tionary mania. His heart was heavily; jadair, and yot it felt the shadow of this othorfauojiy. Bufforor's grief. The pity of the whole business gathered round about his own atfiiotion. Ho was dazed with the impress of it upon hin mind, that was stung to madness by his parting with Mathildo. He had said farewell to her at the portals of tbe Temple prison. It watt not until his esoort had beon Inoroaaed by a fresh contingent of men on entering Paris that Larooho had informed do Foamier of their different destinations, his wife to bo doUverod into tho custody of the govornorof the Temple, ho to tho Conoiorgerle. Mathildo had bohavod with womanly forti tude. It was do Fournier who broke down with grief and pasaiou. Then a sullen despair took possession of him, with a bitter underlying cur rent of a longing for a great revenge. He was right in thinking that tbey owed their separation to Grobauval, and overy oonoeivable indignity that his imagination oould Invent loomed possiblo from his rival, who hatod him by reason of their blood relationship, and who would hate him the more that his own action bad hurried on tho marriage it was his chief desire to pre vent. (to bb continued.) 