r SYDNEYS MINOR PARKS. I PHILLIP PARK. It is Boomerang-street that is responsible for the separate existence of Phillip Park. But for this Uriarra thoroughfare, Cook and Phillip parks would probably still be cohabiting under a common name. For the ground taken up by these two reserves, as well as the legal and affectionate alliance into which they had catered, seemed to promise an enviable future till this gay highway came between them and, by forcing each, to set up for itself, destroyed the prospects of both. Never was a clearer of United, we stand, divided we fall." T 'ley formed a compact quadri- lateral area he sin of Hyde Park, and merely seek Jin the latter by the few yards of roadway conflicting College-street. Indeed, but for an. unaccountable deviation of the last named causeway from the true meridian, they'd have presented the appearance of a highly-retpecubla rectangle which, so far as outline went, could hold up its head even in the presence of its haughty western neighbour just across the road. But Sydney, although a city of so called terraces and squares, it by no means a square city. Lest an improper construction should be placed on this statement by vulgar persons, it is as well for me to explain, by saying that the metropolis of New South Wales appears to have been founded before thedisooveryofthepropertle* of the right line. In the city proper there's scarcely a street that doesn't make a good start and a bad finish except when it runs " crooked " in middle life, or, as is frequently the case, before it is well out of the cradle. Why, in some places, there are houses which, because they couldn't get their own way at the start, pointed 5ft. into the street, and have been pouring ever since, in defiance of the scores of Mayors and corporations who endeavoured by force or cajolery to make them dress in conformity with their neighbours. Half a dozen instances occur to me where far generation these an accommo- dating buildings have been chronic trespassers on the sidewalks, compelling all passers-by bale, lame, halt, and blind, indiscriminately-to wobble round their bumptious corners in Indian file, or else take to the roadway. Still, I like this irregularity of street, and house, and pillia-this structural independence which declines to conform to the party rectangularity of modern cities. It reminds me of roses old-world towns where a man, on taking his family to a picnic for the day, was never sure of finding his own house again especially if he happened to have brought with him a map of the ground-plan of hit kraal. In passing, it may be mentioned as a singular fact that the only really square reserve in Sydney- the., one with four equal sides and the same number of equal angles is the Darlinghurst Gaol. The ingratitude of many of its occupants to the community that has done so much to confer regularity on their hours and their habitation is but an additional evidence of man's ingrained essences. It is at the north-western corner, a little south of St. Mary's Cathedral, that Boomerang-street made its first advances which ultimately caused the divorce between Phillip and Cook parks. Remarkable that whenever coquetting begin in corners, or in the neighbourhood of churches, there's always marriage or divorce straight in front. Having lived so long in sanity, there is naturally a good deal in common between the two reserves. They both present the same unkempt, out-at-elbowa appearance, the same draggle-tailed sward, and the same absence of seats. In neither is there a bench for a wren to perch on. But there are well marked points of difference size points which will become more accentuated as the years, go by, and the remembrance of how dear they once were to each other becomes blurred and indistinct. Cook Park, for instance, is devoted to bowls and horses, while Phillip is sacred to football and cows. To be sure, some rather aggressive actions in both pleasure grounds warn the public that " No games are allowed to be played in this park without the permission of the trustees." But when a small boy has a football or a cricket bat in his hand, and in his rear a gathering of diminutive brats egging him on or pushing him forward, the notice has yet to be discovered that will deter him from kicking. off or pitching stumps. Unlike Mahomet, if the trustees don't come to him, he certainly won't go to them. No doubt the members of the Sydney Bowling Club have obtained the necessary permission for the prosecution of their sttraotivsaly-beaavildering game. But it would be an injustice to the bairns I saw sandwiched on each other in Phillip Park to suppose that they headed a deputation to the trustees, or waded through the regulations before calling odd-or-even for the initial kick. Being mostly from Woolloomooloo and its environs, it may be a little supererogatory to add that but few of them were in velvets and satteens. The absence of embroidery and of shoe buckles was also demonstratively apparent. Indeed, in a few instances it was obvious that the more boisterous lads were either orphans or had step- mother. Some children are so severe on clothes that it takes both parents to keep them presentable. For all that, they made a marked impression upon the grass, and occasionally arose with a fair portion of it in their mouths or attached to their system. Perhaps the most suggestive thing in Phillip Park and in its ci-devant partner is that these two tiny and ragged reserves should bear the names of the country's discoverer and of its first Governor. There is a moral in this which ambitious persons would do well to take to heart. How successful soever a man may be the doctor and priest are no sooner seen approaching his door than his serious begin to fade from the popular mind. It's a case of what's Ifooubi to us or we to Hecuba, that we should weep for her P We proceed on a precisely opposite principle to the Chinese. The longer a man's dead the more they think about him. When he's underground long enough they worship him. We Westerns have got far beyond that. The longer a person's defunct the lass he's thought about. At last the time comes when he's considered to be sufficiently stiff to have a wee park called after him. This is done half-grudingly, as is shown by the fact that we don't even fix a common form in it for his ghost to sit on during fine nights and lament the mistake it made in reaching or ruling such a land. It may be all for the best. What's the use now of putting up a new statue to a Napoleon when people bars their hands full pulling down the old one s Besides, 'if ancestor worship was as common in the West as in the East, the bulk of us would have some droll god in our Pantheon. So that its u well to take Phillip Park as it stands accept it is a fact whose raison d'etre is beyond mortal ken and go on describing it. It is three-cornered in shape like an eighteenth-century hat, with a jewel in each corner.' In one of the angles is the Blind Institute, a drinking fountain in the second, and in the third a stone of rare water and value-the Woolloomooloo Police Station. Considering the nature and responsibility of our first Governor's mission, as well as the admirable manner in which he triumphed over difficulties, this placing of a lockup in a corner of the park was the work of some subtle humourist who too long has given to a Government office the talents that were intended for mankind. The drinking fountain, too, will repay conscientious study. It has one spout and no cup. But the stream that come from that solitary opening when you turn the tap with a slight jerk makes you forget all its other shortcomings in the desire to stand back. This is probably because, being pretty low down, the pressure from above makes it do its best when it gets the chance. The same with man. It is from humble life that nearly all the great spouters come. Pressure political, social, and religious squeezes their opinions out in an everlasting flood. As an illustration, it is but necessary to go to the Sydney Outer Domain on a fine Sunday afternoon, and if you don't bring away a full cup of wisdom from the pure Persian spring the fault is entirely your own. It is cheering, these genial winter after- noon, to watch the passing carriers stop their teams after topping Boomerang-street and approach the Phillip Park fountain to assuage their thirst. The wary one these who've been there before cautiously turn the tap and await results before Following their hands for a draught of the refreshing fluid. Now and then, however, novice steps over with a haughty owing. He paid his mouth under and with one vigorous turn removes all obstructions to the free play of the liquid. It is only for a moment, but that moment is an education in itself. Strange how much feeling can be compressed into a second He staggers back, but not before he's twice the man he was. imprecations came gurgling from him, having been driven far into his system by the initial impact. You might shadow that person tram now till far into the twentieth century, and not see him pass the Phillip Park fountain without a sneer. On all sides of the park' there are ten brageons trees-old, snarled, ead fatigued. One grudges, them to the neglected manor, with its rich promise and its poor per- formance its high descent and its shabby gentility. Yet, it should be remembered that these are the days when the trees on many an estate, both here and farther afield, are the only valuable asset on the property. Now if this double rowed triangle of branch and leaf and mature system could only be taken up balls and distributed in, say, the Centennial Park, whats fine old seek far admit the people of those sturdy eastern suburbs might have weekly under their interlacing boughs as the sun blistered Oapririorn 1 Talk of a square peg in round hole-these shady trees in Phillip Park are about the square set of pegs I've seen, and their holes the youngest. It is the eastern side of this ill-starred reserve that is the poorest of all. Not only is it flanked by two establishments for the blind-the Blind Institute and the lockup but the houses in northern Riley- Street turn the backs speak with a contempt which they make no effort to conceal. No true friend of this boulevard could call It an aristocratic quarter without straining a point. It is independent and eminently respectable; but its warmest admirers would scarcely call it genteel. 'Differences of opinion may, of course, arise on such a delicate subject I merely give mine. I speak now of the front. What the back in like those alone know who, like myself, coasted it at the call of an imperative duty. At the same time it must be freely admitted that very few house. look well from the rear. Come to think of it, there are singularly few things in the Cosmo, that appear to advantage from such a standpoint except, perhaps, a pitched battle. Having duly estimated the depressing influences of the two flanking institutions already mentioned, and of the wrong side of Riley-street North, I retired from Phillip Park with the conviction that in its lowly unattractiveness it was Samuel Peacock against a winning. 