S?ingular Ocurrenae at Singleton. SmcOzoroe, Tuesday.-ThO town is much excited over the supposed appearance of a ghost. Some years ago a man named Vickery, who hlad in his possession a largo oum of money, is alleged to have loft Singloton one night for his home at Bulga, and to have bheon seen for the last time when goingdown to the river near Fawcott's paddooks. He never reached home, and his disappourance up to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for. Biece Viskery vanished there have been rumours of strange lights and apparitions about the locality in which he was last seen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, wlile walking along the road one .evening in the glosming, overtook, as he thought, a personal friend, and he tapped this sup posed friend on the shoulder, only to find that his hand met no resistance, but went through something unsubstantial. The wraith or form, whiolh he tried to toueh, immediately vanished. During the last month or two it is asserted that strange lights have been seen hIovering about in a paddock near the spot which is said to be humsted, and these lights make their appearannce at 8.35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or seven, including MIr. Playford and his on and Mr. Morann, employes at the railway station, wont to watch thile light. At the hour ex peotoe, a light suddenly made its appearance in a paddock nearly opposite the cemotory. When first seen, the light was about the size wlhich woutld be emitted from a hand lntern, but different from that in appoearance, being thin and diffused, without a very definite contre. It was a little above ground, and moved towards the party of watchers, apparently without ith aid of huian ngoeny. Aftdr it bad travolled within 150 yarde or so of the observers it stopped. The watohicrs then began to approachl the light, when a regular " will o' the wisp" chlase conmmenced. As the pursuers approached the light, which had gained considerably in size, it began to retreat sit a rate oxaotly regslated to the movements of the followers. If they ran, it moved very quickly, aind kept pac wcith them. If they walked it went ait ai slower pace; if they stood still it stopped. Finally, iafter leading them a pretty long chaose in thie paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished and was seen no more that night. A party of over 100 people, on hor, and on foot and in buggies, weoro out last night. They watched for a long time, saw nothing, and meost of them returned to town, but a for who re manined lator-assert, however, that they again saw the mysterious light. A meetinor of unemployed, hold at the Queen's Statue on Wednesday, was attended by about 800 once, of whom 500 marched round the Domain and passed Parliament ouseo. 