PASSING TOPICS. By " Ixion." An interesting., decision has recently been .^giyen. <by ithe New iiSouth Wales Fullj£3ourt iii wiach of a holder of Kali a railway return ticket to sell it hes been determined. It will be remem a few months since the same question was tested in the South Austra lian Court, when it was decided that the holder had a right to dispose of the ticket. But the decision of the .New South Wales Court is quite the opposite. In the case under notice the applicant sought to have a conviction, based upon the sale of a return ticket, declared null and void, on the ground that the by-law under which the conviction was obtained was ultra vires, and as being outside the powers of the Railway Act. But the judges were unanimously of opinion that the by-law empowered the Railway Com missioners to make regulations for the sale of tickets, and also that the ticket never ceased to be the property of the Railway Commissioners. The ticket is not sold ; what is sold is a certain right of travel for which the ticket i6 a voucher, and the holder has no right to dispose of it. The law as laid down by their Honors may be perfectly sound, but to say the least it appears strangely anoma lous to a layman. If the bona fide pur chasers of a railway ticket, owing to circumstances, are prevented from using it, surely some concession is due to them. The various steamship companies recog nise this, and invariably make allowances to those placed in such a position. The "Dook" of Cambridge, Comman der-in-Chief of the British Army, has been succeeded by Lord Wolseley. The fulsome talk in the House of Commons as to the unrivalled military knowledge of the ex-Commander-in-Chief, and the .affectionate manner in which he is said to be regarded by the soldiers, is posi tively nauseous. As a matter of fact the " Dook" was appointed to the position years ago by a Tory Government, not for -any special military experience (for he never had any), but simply because a scion of royalty was deemed essential to pre serve the prestige of the British Army, and the only reason that he has been allowed to retain the position for so long is that successive War Ministers were frightened to offend the Court by suggest ing his retirement. It is quite on the .cards that Lord Wolseley is merely keep ing the billet warm for the Duke of Connaught. The job would later on not look half so scandalous as it would at the present time. Francis Abigail, ex-Minister of the Crown in one of Parke's Administrations in New South Wales, and who was sen tenced to five years' penal servitude for frauds in connection with the Australian Banking Company, a bogus concern of which Abigail was the managing director, has recently been discharged from prison, having served a couple of years. Evi dently gaol life has developed Abigail's talents, and. he has now turned his atten tion to literary pursuits, and is contribut ing a series of articles to a Sydney jour nal on "Prison discipline." Abigail rwhen in political life was always at the heck and call of that wily old .politician, Parkes, and being intimately connected With Orange lodges, could always be "depended upon to sound the tocsin of 'Sectarianism, Orangeism, and .all other " ismis" whenever Parkes wished to nesnirect the " Kiama ghost." Abigail's 'departmental minutes were models of orthography and grammar. I remember ageing one which ret^d as follows—"jBe fpar aproavihg I must ave fuarther inflammation." When Alexander Pope wrote with so much truth, •4 The proper study of man kind is man," there was fit least one branch of that study of which he could have had no knowledge. Had he known it, certainly, eyen hiB. mastery of satiric expression would have been -taxed to have fitly described it. -I-refer to the society woman and herphotpgraph. This femi nine species is not only supposed to be respectable in the ordinary sense of the word, but is even considered, especially by herself and her own circle, to be some thing a trifle elevated above the level of the common herd. This may be so, but if such is the case it Beems rather hard to understand, from the average plain man's point of view, the motives which prompt her intense desire to get herself photo graphed and sold for so much per copy to those who admire her, not for what she is, but for what she looks. Pretty photo graphs make shop windows very attrac tive, and afford the student of physiog nomy opportunities for comparing different styles of beautyBut for all that old- fashioned people—and, thank goodness, there are many of them left still—do not admire the beauty that is content to advertise itself before the pub lic gaze,' on a level with the soap and pills of the advertising quack and nos trum maker. The charms which need such a lot of setting off must rely for their attractiveness upon extrinsic rather than upon intrinsic qualifications. At election times I watch with a good deal of interest, the expansive promises and cast-iron pledges which are made by candidates for parliamentary honors. With still greater interest I watch the redemption of the promises and fulfilment of the pledges by those elected. I re member on one occasion that a would-be temperance candidate, in a certain part of the country had a very hard time of it. He was totally opposed to Sunday closing. The ardent temperance advocate said to him, 411 really cannot give you my sup port unless you distinctly express your self in favor of Sunday closing." The working-man said to him, 44 why shouldn't I be able to get my beer on Sunday from the public-house, while the rich man can get his beer from his cellar 1 I shan't vote for a man who won't allow me to have my pot of beer on Sundays as well as other days." It was no good for the poor candidate to say that the momen tous question before the country was 44Federation." 44 Hang federation," re marked the thirsty voter, 441 want my beer." A very interesting exhibition of Mil dura products was held in the Melbourne Town Hall last week, and attracted a good deal of attention in the sister city. As we have our own irrigation colony at Renmark, a similar exhibition in Adelaide would, I feel sure, be equally successful. Perhaps, however, it would be better to wait until next year, when the village settlements would be further developed, and they would be in a position to com bine with the colonists at Renmark. I venture this suggestion for what it may be worth for the consideration of our friends on the Murray and at Redmark, who are in a better position to know whether the idea I have mboted is at all practicable. Everybody.;must be heartily sick of .the hospital trouble, so I do not intend to in fiict upon my refers any opinions that I may entertain as to whether the Board or the Government are in the right. . But I think the time bps arrived when the Board should be differently constituted. The general public Bubscri.be. something like $4,000. a year towards, the funds of the institution, and they ;haye virtually no say as to its management. The members pf the present Board are all appointed by the Government. Why should not the subscribers have a voice in .thematter? They have no privileges except a few cards of recommendation for the .admis sion of patients, according to, the amount of their subscription. I would suggest that a certain number of the Board be elected by the subscribers, say triennially, and eacn yearly subscriber of £1 to have a vote. This is the practice in other Australian cities. Why not in Adelaide ? A New South Wales solicitor, named Woodward, was struck off the Bolls of the Court last week for misappropriating his clients' money to the tune of some three hundred pounds. The general impres sion among laymen has been that this was the only punishment that could be meted out to a defaulting attorney. But Chief Justice Darley, in delivering the judgment of the Court, made a very im portant statement, which will remove the erroneous impression, and the public will see that defaulting attorneys are as amen able to the law as any other common per son. His Honor pointed out that it was not the duty of the Court to institute criminal proceedings against persons except in cases defined by statute, such as perjury. It was the person wronged who cohld set the criminal law in motion. The reading-room at North Terrace is undoubtedly a credit to the colony, for in no Australian city does the same privilege exist for the public to have a free perusal of the leading English, inter colonial, and provincial newspapers and periodicals, and I am sure that the man agement will pardon me if I offer a sug gestion as to how this invaluable institution may be further improved. The facilities for readers would be very much better were the various inter colonial and local newspapers . provided with a cover, the same as the English journals have. I can safely predict that the innovation would be much appre ciated. There can be no question that Dr. W. G. Grace is a great cricketer, and his admirers in the old world have a perfect right to present him with a testimonial in acknowledgment of his services ; but I fail to see why the hat should be passed round for him in the colonies. Grace is supposed to be an " amateur," but it is well known that he was handsomely paid on both the occasions he visited Australia. Remunerating a man and allowing him to pass as an amateur is a positive insult to the great body of cricketers. That men should pass as "gentlemen" (I use the word in its cricketing sense) because they conceal their true status while others, who cheerfully recognise their profession are treated as being in an inferior rank, is but setting a premium on dishonesty. I have often wondered how it is that genuine amateurs submit to this slur on their name. Amateur cricket is commonly supposed to be a pastime and not to be paid primarily for gain. It is nothing of the sort. It is in some quarters every bit as much a trade as cricket-bat making. 