MONDAY, MAY 27, 1893. Tue Victorian Parliament comnmences another session on Wednesday, and fior the lilst time for some years past the Ministry are in a position to show that they have done good work during the recess. The worth of a Cabinet is always proved by its administrative capicity, and though Mln. Trnxut: sand his colleagues have not evinced any extra ordinary ability, still they have conducted the business of the country in a Iannelr satisfactory to the community. Like the peers in "Good King George's golden reign," they " have done nothing in particular, )but they did it very well." Important economies and reforms have been effected in the administration of the departments, and more is promised. The mining and agricultural industries have been looked after and assisted in a business-like manner, despite the somen what fanciful notions of Mn. TAvetl'i.?n, and the zealous concentration of lMe. FOSTER'S energies to tile development of Croajingolong gold fields. A fairly good scheme of public works, giving emplloyment during the winter months to the workless has been devised, an:t there have been no administrative scandals either of incompetency or job bery. Tile worst blemish on the waork of the recess is the friction which Ious arisen between the Solicitor-General and JUDcn MoLEswonra, but though the attitude taken up by the Cabinet in the matter is reprehensible, the matter is still capable of satisfactory arr ngement, if Ministers adhere to their semi-flficill announcement that thley intend intro ducing legislation to ensuroe beyontd cavil the independence of the lench. The speech to be delivered by tile Acting-Governor will no doubt be little more thanit a recapitulation of the Minis terial programme announced last session, including, of course, somte trite reflections on Federation, and the lolbart Federal Council Conference. The main work of the session is foreshadowted by the various conlmmissions wllich hlave been taking evidence during the recess, but it is to be feared that little pirogress will lie made in the way of new legislation this side of Christmas. The Victorian ledgers have not yet been lhasnced, and the question has to be decided whether it is good policy to starve public works and raise railway freights, in orlder that property owners inmay lie spared it contri bittion of 10s. or so a year in direct laxa tiun. The amount of tile municipal subsidy, and how it is to be distriuilteld is a matter requiring close attlention. Loans to shires, a wheel tax, or any other nostruul, will not settle the point. What protection is to the amanufacturer, good roads and cheap railway freights are to tile farmer and grazier, Five important Commissions, those on tite Tarrlf, Railways, Charities, II nking, and Insolvency, will present reports to Parliacmenlt, and legislation oui these subjects will have to lie introduced at all early date. Commissions are very iuseful as a means of impllarting information to legislators and the public, but Ministers aire apt to use them for a ,npurpose to which they are unsuited, namely to shift the responsibility of legislation friom their own shoulders oil to those of Pl'rliamlent. Their recom mendations are for the guidance, not tile direction of Ministers. The Cabinet which brings down a set of skeleton sneasures and asks l'arliatlent to "licki them into shape" very soon forfeits the confidence of tile House and of tile public. This was the process adopted with the Land tax bill last season, and the result was its rejection, for the amendments imade it a class tax, while the Cabinet blinder of penalising snort. gagees was itn direct contravention to the principle of tile state right to levy on the owner on the nnimproved value of his hiad, A tariff reform hill constructed on the plan of allowing every clique in l'arliament to shape one clause or another to suit its own intlerests would be a disgrace to the Victorian Statutes. In the matter of Railway legislation two great principles have to be decided, the one whether freights should be adjusted to p;y interest on ecpital cost and working expenses, or whether interest ou capital sunk in construction should not be paid out of the consolidated revenne, as is tile cost of other ~ntblii roads. The other point is whether tile narrow gnage lines should be constsrlucted is, districts where the tratsic is smlltl and must continue small for years to ucome. Tile amendment of the Insolvency laws and the Comlpanies Act are matters which the Govertnlent recognise they maist deal with on their own reslpol sibility. Thie l'Premier, IhoweIver, is inclined to again throw the respont siLbilitv of derising legislation for loalsa t, farmers, and the subsidising of Charities on to Parliament. Tile Government are also loud in piroclaim ing their resolve to mend or end the Electoral reform act, which has resulted so far in merely disfrtnchising at great expense to the State a large number if people perfectly entitled to vote. Alto gether Mu TunlER antd hIis colleagues ihave a very heavry task before thesl, saidt their sole hope of succeas lays in their ability to lead the House, instead of being ordered about by members. Tau?s first annual conference of thie Vic torian Butter and Cheese factory ulanms. gers' association took pilace in Melbourtie last week, and about 60 members were present. Tin. D. WaLSON, the Giovern ment dairj expert, in his address made some observations very interesting, not only to the explerts in butter mtiking but to tile publio at large, who benetit quite as miichl as farmers by thle develop ment of tile export trade it dairy pro die. Victorians are rapidly growineg o that of h eildish fratme of mind whicei led them to beliure that eerything they made was equal, if tont superior; to the amte articles produced in other countries, and that they were the victims of "rings" and conspiracies, which pre vented their produce or; manufactures bringing top prices in the London mar kets. Oraziers know now that frozen meat is not the object of unreasoning prejudice, but that it brings reutnnera tivre prices, if it is placed on the )matrket free from " spot," " bone-stink," or the soddenness of hasty thawing. The bhtter exporters are jiist leaning similar lessons. flow mutch has been neglected is made manifest hby Mn. WILSON'S hints. It seens that a largo number of exporters during the .past season did send forward "heated" or "greasy" butter, althongh by doing they not only damaged the reputation of their own brands, but seriously affected thile geneial estimation of Victorian butter in the London market. Factory emanagers are by no means entirely responsible for this reprehensille indifference to standad quality. If the directors of the com panios will not provide refrigerating plant, tmanagers cannot ltake good butter in hot weather. Defects as to appearanco of butter, which Mi., Wi.sox says is often equivalent to a loss of 2d per lb, is another fault of the prolltietors of fac tories. If they will not pay good salaries they cannot get good managers, and a good manuaegor cannot tLrn out a first class article if he is overworked. It seemts strange that Min. WLso shoultld still have to complain of sulch elementary matters as uniformity in size of boxes, and neat packing and branding. It contrast with these exposures of the neglect of those essential details which make all the nifference between second rate and first rate production, and wlhic depend upon the workers tather thaln upon their alpliances, are the comments of M1s. A. N. PuE.nsox on the clhemistry and scientific nppliances of dairying. Al. thongh only a few exporters get an extra 2d per lb. for the superior appearances of , their bulter, many are ready to spend large atms in " Pasteurising" their milk, or buying plant at considerable expense for the having of an extra per cent, (,f cream in cold weather, or of ascertaining with analytical precision the exact comt poaents of butter fat. Eltborate pre cautiols are arranged for the exclusion of the ubiquitous microbes, while at the same factory, perhaps, the pack will be disagreeably flavoured by the wood of the boxes, in ortder to save a shilling or two expenditure on seasoned timber. If the presenlt conference inllduces mianagers and factory proprietors to pay is imuch at-l teutio to ti e worlring as to thie tplant of ° their factories it will have accomplished a great deal towards placing Victoria iin the front rank of dairy piroduce exporting countries, N. l A. M'NNA? itros's adl dress an ' avoidable losses" is well worth studying. " Of tie 12,000 tons ex " ported this season only 0i000 tons had Sreceived the Government stamp of per "feciton; 3,1100 tolls had been sent ouet "of the colony unmarked, iand 2400 tons "had beetn foutd onlly fit to hbe exported "for pastry purposes. Taking Mlel Sbourne values of the three grades at "'?d, 7d, and 5d per lb., the returns "lad been £16i,000 less than would "have beoen the case had the 12,000 tons "exported been all of the highest 1 "standard." It is within the power of i every factory to turn out the best butter only, and that at tile sasme co?t as tie mnanufactlure of iunequal qualities. The great drawback to the success of many factorie his been insaillicient capital to i start witllh. Good wolrkmeln and good t appliances are necessary to tile snecess of c every inllstry, and these ecannot be obh thined unitless they tiare paid for, A report of the concert at Stratford ol t Queens IBithday will appear in our next a issue. Wednesday next is nomination hday for the Council of Ariclultural Edue'tion, and nuomiuatious must be lodged before 4 o'clock t with Mr E,. L. Bruce, at the Sale Lands r Otlice. Mr T. Riggall was the successful tenderer r for the lease of Crief Park. The funeral of the late Mark Goldberg who died at Southern Crose, West Australia, of typhoid fever, took place at Melbourne yesterday. Mr Robert htarper who as we reported was dangerously ill at Southern Cross with typhoid fever is by latest reports out of e dalnger, Tenders for the brickwork in connection with the railway bridge at Briagolong are advertised for in to- day's issue of the Oipp.s (atl Times. lBridget nanes aged 70 was admitted into the Gippelandi Hospital on Seturday from Stretford sulfering fruilna frauetured thigh. Site is progressing fvuurably undtler the care of Dr. Forbes. The Caledlonin Society's grounds and building were sold on Saturday through Messrs Mathllesou and Davis to Mr C. Meialkitoshl for £250. On being put up by auction the bids ran up to £275, when the auctioneer announced the reserve as £300. liowever, a sale was effected privately alter at the sum named. t The friends of hir.Tames (lbney, who me t wlth a buggy accident last week, will be plrased to hear that he is progressing favour. ably towards recovery. A slogular iltshep occurred in Cuning I haie-street on Thlursdily afternoon. A vwag. can loaded with posts and rails, helongina I to Ilr Lyon, of the Heart, was passine dowi a the middlle of the road when suddenly the i olf forewhieel sank, axle keep, thirough the road formation, at a spot opliosite Dr. Reid's house. It was some time befor te e waggon could he extriclated, ad the road, whleh liesI over a water main, had been undermined Iby esuaping water for a distance of nearly ten feet. The pipe, it appears, was very little ihlnaged, and tile leak was stopped, aud the hlollow filled up the next day. The Sale Village settlers located on the ' reileay reserve had the usiual caelm of tlheir Nudilay afternoons rudely disturbed yester. dlay. Two men, O'Mballey and Arinstrong, got uinto an argument on a qoestlion, helleved I to have seiomne conection with a dead cow in a creek. Armstsrong alleges that O',iMalley enforced his views with a nmarder. ous "bit of a stick," 'and whlen ithe blood commenced to trickle down hie face, he post. poned the continatilon of the argument until a summones ould be taken out bringing O'M alley into thie ueutralarena of the police court, The bIaffra Agricultural Soclety on Friday met and dealt with the circelar from country society calling a eounference of delegates from agrieultursl societies in Victoria to consider the Governmeno t pro. posal re thle suslidy, The President of the society (10r Donald Menson) was appointic l to attend the conference and although not under instruction how ts vote, the feeling of memberls was shown to be unmnlstakebly in favor of an extension of the divislions from twelve to twenty. It was thought that if the (iovernnlent dividedI the colony into twerlve diatriots mally good societies in a district weanul protbatly not hive a haow, eazept in every eight or nine years. Thi, exteinsion of the number of diatticts to twenty would give esch society in its turn, iu most districts at all events, a slhow once i5 every four or fve years., 'ie Ven. Archdeacon King, brother of Mr John King, late of the Ridge and Namhrok, has,states the "Clurchman," heen compelled through failing health to resign the Arch. deaconry of Cumberland, New South Wales, which he has held since 1881. He will however retain the title of Archdeacon, without territorial jurisdiction, at the Primate's request. The Archdeacon has labored in the ministry of New South Walles for nearly fifty years, having been ordained deacon by Bishop Brrihtoin in 1817. In advertising for tenders for bread at S.le, the Treasurer, Mr Turner, has added a condition to the usual terms of Government contracts, incorporating the "minimum wage" principle; Tenderers are not to sub. let, must carry out the work in their own factory, must not employ any hand more than forty-eight hours a week ; the minimum wage to journeymen bakers is fixed at £2 5s per week. Any infringement of the con ditions renders the contractors liable to a penalty not exceeding £50. A sad accident occurred on Friday at the courning meeting at the Clippens, by which tile life of the little son of Mr H. Lee, of the Crown Hotel, Sile, is endangered. It ap. peirs that Roderick Lee, who is nine years of age, was left in charge of Mr Swan's buggy for a short time in tile paddock where the coursing was t iking plare 'Vith Rode. rick w.n ait smrller hny, Ch-ries SIwa, son of Mr Swan of tie Club Hotel. The two boys deemed the opportunity favonuable for a drive roundl the iliddnck in their ownI acount. The hu se, i st lid animal, well at a respectable jog trot, until Charley thought i. would be bt te fIun to mike himi go faster, and so lasheld at hlnt withl tie whip. Tie animal then turned rounud nid iolted for home Cit ley, fr:glrened ilt lhe puce, jumpse out behind, and escaped with a seve Ce eslkin. -rb lystu:k t t he rn ins, but we uonile to uhide tie hoie., wl,. ruslling out at tie gate, brought tile lsu gy into callisionn with t'he plit The 'ho k torr off the seat and spliiltereld one side ao til buggy, Itodily being Illlt n out onall great violence. Dr. Selle \'eils, who w.r p eis lit, attended to the child, who was removerd t his father'd reidener. On further exial: ri tion it was found that two splintera hall penetrated his skull, and au uperotiuo tlo relieve the laceration of the brain, it is fearend, till be necersary. Thi boy regaeied consciousuess and was able to give a culheicnt account of tie accident, but Ilis condition is still precarious, he being very weik The Minister of Mines, Mir H. Fnoter, as administrator of tile Villa.e *ettleneits I is received claimw, aggbegatig £7f00 from country storekeepers for goodls nupplierl to village settlers. Inl nearly all these rcaes tile storekieepera gtve credit only for li'iigs absi dtely necerury to tire sattlers, an 1 th1 storekeepers relied oun the ae:tleis payingu them fi(un tilhe Government urint. Thlie ret tiers have 11not paiI and a the U(rtvernment holds most of tie propel ty of tle sett:els .ir security for repay iment of tie subsidly, store keepers a noot recover the deit Ly dirtr.ainl. Tl.e Miuintei, of course, declinres to ioter vene in aoy way to mike the settlers pay. The storekeepers assert that if they cease to give credit tile settlers will starve. The Minister asserts settlers are receiving the Government subsidy at the rate of ION a week, and ouglt to pay their way. Tile Railway Department has made a slight concession on tie freight charge for potatoes. Tile rates for a truck load of 5 tons for the first 75 miles is to Ie 5d per mile, for the next 75 miles 4d, and for over 1,0 miles 3d per mile. The concession will be of very little benefit to the small farmers in lippaland, unless the Department will carry one ton at those rates on condition that they need not be trucked from the station until a truck load is made up. Many farmers have not got more than a ton or two of potatoes to sell, and at the high rates charged for anything less than a truck load, it does not pay to send them to Melbourne, while the local market is so overstocked that the farmer wanting to sell a couple of tolns in one line call scarcely find a purchaser at airy prime. There is reason to believe that spurious I half.sovereigns are being circul ted, and the 1 Ciourier" caution business people to be on the look out for them. One of these was recently pidl into the Bank of Victoria, Blirnsdale. It is a splendid imitation, but rather thinner than the genuine coin, and not so well stamped. It is half a grain short in weight. A commission agent, well known in South Oippiland, A. C. Horsley, was charged on warrant at the Feoster police court last week with the larceny of a cheque forl£lll a from .Mr F. C. Smith, grazier, Fish Creek. The complainant stated that he sold 300 sheep about the 12th April, and received a cheque fur £115 5i, which lie gave to Horsley to p:ss tlirough the hlands of Measrs Matthews liros and Plummer, of Drouin, whose agent Horsley represented himself to be. Subse. quently Mr Smith discovered that accused had left the employ of Messs Matthews before he acted as agent i thie sheep trans action. Horsloy was admitted to bail to appear at the Foeter cuurt on June 14th. Growers of linseed for flux or oil will have to keep watch on tie growth of a weed, the seed of which is often mixed with Russian linseed. The botanical name of thie weed is Salsolna Kall, and in Australia it is known as " Buckbush." Farmers ill the far north of South Australia regard the buckbush with a good deal of favor (says the "Observer") because it is the only plant that withstands the great heat and drough of that neighbour hood, and keeps as "green as a leek" all the time. True, it is very prickly, but the starving stock eat it and grow fat where they would otherwise die. In time they like it so well that they leave most other plants for this, and the cows give rich milk all tile time. In the state of Nebraska this plant known as " Russian Thistle," has in. fested more than one fourth of the country -2- counties being badly troubled with it The authorities are at their wits' end in try. ing to deal with it. Each plant produces flor 10,000 to 15,000 seeds, and when these are ripe the plant breaks away from its roots and is blown across the country, scat. tering its seeds as it goes. Hardly an olietacle stops its progress, and it hops along with great bounds when the wind blows strongly. In our own north country the huckbush is sometimes a terror to sheep drovers from the interior coming down to market. Across the wide open plains on a windy day there will be thousands of these "buckbunhes", bounding in company and frightening the sheep, which scatter in every direction,. But the northern farmers would lie sorry to have the buckbush exterminated. The most noticeable incident in connec tion with the military manouvres at Frank. stone oq Queen's Birthduy was the appear; ance of thee'Acting-Governor, Chief Justlce Sir John Madden, in a uniform designed to represent the rank of commrnder-ln-chief of the Victorian Defence force. The cost of tie outing must have been consalderable, for 2,137 men, 21 guos, 23 horses and *4·wag gons were sent by rail to Franksiote, and the militia received extra pay for the day. Mir John Hancock, M.L.A.,'who has been stayho in Bairnsdale for a few days, lectur. ing there ou "Practical Politics" on Satur day evening, gives n explanation of the postal department accepting a tender to huild a new post-citfie in Footacray for £2.100. Mr Hancock sta'es that it was not his Influence, but the promnise nf tile Foots cruy coIucil to contribute £1000, that seuured the new building for his consti tuency. A Burglae s Insurance Company, Limited, has been registered in lMelbourne, A difficulty is likely to arie between the Bairosdale GOs eompany and the Shire Council which, states the "Courier," may lead to expensive litigation unless wiser connsels prevail. As the case is stated to us it appears that'the company agreed to light 100 public lights for a term of years not yet expired. The council, with a desire to retrench at all hazards, has practically rescinded the contract without the consent of the other party by cutting the number of lamps down to 50, onl the relations between them are consequently strained. Ii is to be hoped the result will not involve the shire in a lawsuit.: On a former occasion they enrtered upon a Supreme Court action which eventually eust £1200, and might have been settled for a tenth of the sauo, One of the Government inspectors, Mir C. Lawlor, states that since the commencement o1f the year he has ordered the slaughter of 70 head of diseased cattle, including dairy cows, in the shires of Shepparton, Euroa, and Rodney. Last Tuesday hie ordered three cattle, one of them a cow lately in milk, to be slaughtered at Numurkah, all of them being in an advanced stage of tuber colosis. The United Council for Woman's Suffiage have nearly succeeded in making a notable convert, namely, Mr Frank MaSldeu, hl.L A., whoc last sesi.,,n opnposed the, xternion of the franchise tI thle "sih ieki 4 cock .to1"." The conversion took place at a meeting at the Kew Town Heall last week, when iMr H. H. Clt.Inpio, Ml a Low, I'rufl.e-,r Goeman, Mr Blrudibhlnd u.her, allirnerd hedesirability of women voting like men. Mr Madden, Slho was p, e- e.lt, 'ec'a-rd tl t Ie w.v smuch irp. eescd by I hat i e Iil . Ir l, I ' aoluh he was by no means conrerte I. He wouldl keep ;itn pen mcia . o r tihe culj et. and wislhed to I.r understood that his disparaging remarks l(out tl'e "Sh ieki; , i.rerhl nl" were neither meant to nor did apply to the de. liverers of such reasout hle and temperate sreechr. :, he ha. he.rl t t tight. TIr, N'w Sttth Wne 'e Premier, Mr G. Reid, beat the Oppositron motion censuring his policy of Freetrade and Land tax by 67 votes to 34. after a thirty-four hIms' con. .inuous sitti.g. rThe ineilenit rtl:ch will m kes ire hitring e- a, f the most memorable inc the history of New Sonth WVales Parlia. ments is the reenncilatiotn of Sir Henry Parkesannl Sir Uorge Dihbs. Teocetemony took place at 7 o'clock on Thnrsday morning in the Opposition room. Sir Henry Parkes entered tlre toum by the back way. Upon Sir IIhnry enterin;, Sir G?ed ge sp c.rg from the oof,, atrlr Sir Ilerry a.dvancing. -xtended his hanl, and said, "uood miot ,i g, Sir Geo gc. ilu.v .,rer iu? It is a long time since we tve ae spikern t nll. stano'lhr t is a lIongrr ime osince we he a haike, I hlrle. I nope you witI ad?Iw the pIrt to be brrid d" S:r G.rrore Dihl,l chee'flby r-pnorled, " r I nmrning, Sir H.*,,ry. Well, I'm ipleoaed to oele.,me you to this room. As fhr tihe per ,,arl ihif ren ea we bhve hId in the past, [ ape tirhem away for ever." Then the c~,impi.,n of Fi eetrade, econcilhd to the rchmp' , i of Pro,tectin by their mutual hate of a land tar, went and had breakfast together. Ghosts have been "revisiting the glimpres of tite moon" at Ballarat, and the "Star" gives the following account of their laying : "For some nights past several young men living in the vicinity of South street have been on the lookout for the senselers black. guard, and it has leaked out that on Tuesday night tlhey interviewed him. Young men whose ltdy friends and relatives have been frightened nearly into fits by such a fellow are not likely to be very tender about tihe methods they adopt to persuade a "ghost" to divest himself of his cerements when parading the streets, and it is said the inter. view was very painful-on one side at least. The " ghost," after Ieing " persuaded," was for some time unconscious of what had happened. He knows now, and so does one of our doctors, and there is simne one acting in a certain tradestan'e shop during the "illness" of an employd. It is said the Soldiers' Hill "ghost" was also unmasked this week, and found to be a young woman occupying a good position in society."--The "Star" is discreetly silent on tile methods adolpted with the Itdy ghost. 