Literary Gossip. The French novelist, Aiphonse D&u-; det, was recently elected an hono rary member of the 'Authors' Club, New York, in place of . the late B. JJ, Stevenson. , The success of the volume of poems by the late Lady Dutferin, edited by/ her son- has encouraged Mr. Mnrray; to, publish a selection from her lady ship!s songs, with music by hersejf and ofliars. There has been some discussion in the English papers as to the origin of the late Mr. Stevenson's 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.' The crimes of 'Jack the Ripper,' and the excitement cre ated by Mr. Stead's sensational arti cles on 'The Maiden Tribute,' have been variously mentioned as having furnished hints for Stevenson's weird narrativeu It has, however, been de nied that the story owed anything to either of these sources. Mr. Andrew Lang, in a letter to the 'Athenaeum, '- . says that the idea of it was conceived' in a dream. This will remind rea ders of Coleridge that the famous lines about the 'Abyssinian Maid' were said by the author to have been a mere fragment of a poem which he, too, had evolved from what De Quin cey 'would have called the 'anarchy, of dreaming sleep:'— A damozel with a dulcimer, ^ In a vision once I saw.1 She was an Abyssinian maid, And on a dulcimer she played, . Singing of Mount Aborah. A new edition of that strangely en thralling series of supernatural tales entitled 'In a Glass Darkly,' by J. Sheridan Le Fanue, edited and illus trated by his son, Mr. B. S. Le Fanue, has been issued by Downey and Com pany. No better stories of the kind have probably ever been written, the real and the unreal being associated in a most extraordinary way. For example, the story of 'Carmilla,' in the collection in question, is perhaps about the only successful attempt which has been made to deal wititx the Vampire superstition in fiction. In credible as the whole subject of the story necessarily is, and far removed from the ideas of modern readers, yet Le Fanue's strong imaginative power has lent it an interest which is at once fascinating1 and fearsome. There is probably nothing quite equal to it in Edgar Allen Poe, for all that wri ter's wonderful command of the eerie and the mystical Byron's prose fragment entitled 'The Vampire' has ' suggestions of a possibly fine ghost story, but with that solitary exception there is not in English literature per haps even a foreshadowing of such ef fects as Le Fanue has actually pro duced in connection with the demoni ac revisitant of the glimpses of the Moon, whom, in tbe guise of a lovely young ? woman he has depicted in 'Carmilla.' Some of the French and German romances have occasionally added vampires to other creations, but not one of them, in that particular de partment of all, can be fairly said to have rivalled Le Fanue. A volume of essays originally contri buted to the 'Quarterly Review,' and other periodicals, by Mr. Churton Col lins, is shortly to be published. They deal with such subjects as DrydBn, the predecessors of Shakspere,. Lord Ches terfield's Letters,, and others of an equally interesting kind to literary, students. Mr. Churton Collins, by the-bye, Is the gentleman whom Swin boirrne', in an attack on the 'Quar- terly' and its critics, contemptuously) referred to as 'ape of Macaulay.' A work on Napoleon I., the ap proaching appearance of which' in Paris was referred to some time ago in tins column, has been published, and1 has achieved a decided success. It is entitled 'Napoleon Raeonte par PImage.' The book is in the form of an album, and contains about five hundred pictures, taken from original paintings, statues, bronzes, &c.;, illus trative of the great Emperor attd.J^s times. One' of the most interesting of Hie' hitherto unpublished writings of Ste venson, included in the Edinburgh edi tion of his works, is the account of his trip as a steerage emigrant across the Atlantic— 'From the Clyde to Sandy Hook.' That was an experi ence which gave Stevenson a terrible shaking, and which was nigh anticipat ing what unfortunately took place, a few months ago at Samoa. An autograph manuscript of unus ual interest was recently to be offered for sale by Messrs. Sotlieby, Wilkin son, and Hod^e, of London. It was that cf Gilbert White's 'Natural His tory of Selbourne.' The manuscript had been in the possession of the White family ever since the author's death, over a century ago— 1795. It contains letters which have never been published. A movement is on foot for erecting a monument to Leopold Von Ranke at his native place of We:he, in Prussian Saxony, ? on the^ occasion of the. centenary of his birth, which will take place next Decmeber. To English readers the Russian writer is probably still best known tbxorigh' Maeaulay's brilliant . essay in hia 'History of the Popes.' Though the Crimean war Is now. about forty years behind us, and the world has certainly had experiences since of very much bigger wars, yet the general interest in it still seems by no means exhausted. At all events, several contributions have re cently been made to the subject, and appear to have found many readers. One of the latest is entitled 'The Cri mean War ' from First to Last,' ex tracts from the private letters and journals of General Sir Daniel Ly ons, G.C.B., Constable of the Tower. This veteran was known in his cam paigning days by the honorable sobri quet of 'Fighting Dean Lyons.'* 