THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. Hi/ IlaroM SI. Utackensie [COPYRIGHT RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI.- -{Coirrnnnmy He knew MIBS Borthwick and Muriel to be fast friends, but whether., he conld make a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making some remark as to the next dance beginning, led lur into the ball-room again. After what Eric had heard, he felt there and then an inclination to '-seek the open air; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirliBg Jrofore him. The music seemed to ahont at him like Bome mocking thing jthefaces, flowers, and everything, in fact, that gave life to the so. >ic, only seemed the more to odd to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the iiiit thought that occurred to him, but this he felt might bring him into notice. No, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then ' make np his mind. As these reflections were coursing swiftly through hiB mind, he caught sight of Miss Man ton. " Are you discing this?" he said, harried h\ *' No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, have yon seen a ghost ?" Without a word, he gave her his arm, and led her faraway to the comer of an apartment which had been tastefully decorated with flowers. " Here we can talk in peace," he Baid. " My worst apprehensions are fulfilled if Miss Borthwick's statement proves true. Everything has been in vain." " Well, tell me quickly," exclaimed Miss Manton, It's too horrible to think of. Muriel Grey is to marry another. God help the cursed woman who penned that letter." His voice became thick as he uttered the words, and Miss Manton seeing his emotion gently placed her hand on his sleeve saying, " Do not believe all till you have such proof as may convince you. Much as I believe Miss Borthwick to be a truthful girl there may yet be something to alter circumstances." " You were ever hopeful," said Eric, " but she has convinced me. Why, she heard it from Mnrisl'a own lips in Lon don." i Further discussion of the subject was useless just then, strive as Miss Manton did to bring balm to his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quite alone for the present, so when her partner came to claim his dance she arose, and with a gentle word of reassurance went out into the bright light of the ballroom. Eric never stirred the live long evening from where he had thrown himself. _ The music came and went as some tireless thing laughing at his misery. The flowers around Sim were drooping and dead from the heat of the rooms, and his soul within him felt no less weaiy. The one overwhelming grief of his life had as completely stunned him as the fall which he had received in-the Squatters' Cup. On the dawn of the next day he made preparations for his return to Timboora. He could no longer stand the thoughts of racea, dances, or anything else, and wanted to be quite alone. Alone with his thoughts, which, distracting as they were, seemed easier to bear than when mixing with a throng of pleasure-loving paople. . As he rode slowly along on his way to fhe station, never did weary wanderer returning from the hardships and perils of campaign appear more completely broken down. Now that strength had returned, and life seemed pleasant for him again another blow had befallen him. Revenge was beginning to rise in his proud nature tor the first time. He could have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even had Muriel once more been restored to him. But now that this last gleam of hope seemed to be fading in the distance he cried-aloud for vengeance, at all events, th^t he should stand before Muriel a guiltless and honorable man, that she should hew from his own lips what Tile hand had torn their love asunder. " Would it be too late—too late to stay her marriage ?" " Why do I ask myself this?" he muttered. " Nothing that I can do will prevent it. She loves another." Tears coursed fast down his cheek*, like any woman's. CHAPTER XVII. THE CATASTROPHE AT MAPLE BRIDG*. The news of Malcolm's engagement with Muriel had been given out to the world. The Society Journals had finished slandering the baronet's son, and were rather inclined to regard hiB future in a more hopeful tone. Wild reports had been circulated regarding the wealth of the young Australienne, who was to be the future Lady Seebold, wliich caused much annoyance to Duncan Grey. He hated anything of tie.kind, and flatly denied the report whenever lie had an opportunity, and threatened to thrash the editor of a certain paper if he did not -immediately cease publishing falsehoods. Now that everything had been arranged regarding the future of Muriel, and the son-in-law elect, Duncan saw no reason *ny there should be any immediate usoessity for returning to Australia. He liked to think, although Muriel must be taken from liim in one sense, that a few hours by rail would bring them together again. The thoughts of living ip Australia, whilst she and her husband were in England, did not at all meet with his views, and for this reason he took a lease for twelve months of a fine estate in Suffolk, where he could amuse himself with the i gun and have Malcolm and Muriel to stay with him occasionally. Mis. Grey, at first, thought- that prolonging their stay iif England was rather injudicious, seeing that Duncan had business in Australia, "Why, "Violet," he said,'"you seem more concerned about ..the place thai I \- am myself. Theseasons are good now, and there is no .cause fur fear, otherwise I should be off by the next steamer." The estate which .Duncan had leased-; was one of those splendid shooting pro- : perties which entailed a large amount of .expenditure toieepit up in any-sort of style approachingits deserts. The owner, a young earl, who; had come to grief on the toirf, never resided there. for the good reason that hp was nnable to affoia 'it, . His annual incwrftfr was BO cut down, what with agricultural depression ana high interest to be paid on the existing mortgage over the property, toat to 'have attempted to do mo would have liastened his ruin.. The young peer had found » good tenant in Duncan Grey, who took a pride in the place, tSiounhthe latter kneV that any improvements earned out would, not be for his^wa benefit hereafter •"I.hate to See_a place like tins going to thedoga," he avuld«^y,£sJieTodesaund with a friend ^ .Ariel much good had he done daring his. eiiort-jsvjourr- nmong the tenantry, who looked op to him with -reverence and resoect The house was an immense one, «tand - "tog on the highest part of ihess&te;, fronj the tower of which, for-miles around, a; glorious view of ttie connbysould be obtained. , from the^pleasuregronudslmmediately autrounding the-house eloped away the; shrubberies, once shamefally neglected,] 'butaowthattluncahiiaflcomeontheBcene; -extra gardeners were employed to 1-eep £bem4n fiiict *>T3.et.J£& tennis-conr fiower-beds and hot-houses were Mrs. Grey's especial delight, and visitors to "Lamfcton" -who knew them in their former days of negltect were load in their praisesof them'now. For miles around woods, stocked with game, gave splendid shooting, and Duncan, who was an ardent upholder of this class of sport, revelled in the delights of tramping through turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot corner bringing "rocketers" to earth. . In the beginning of October the Greys had taken up their residence, where Malcolm had followed them shortly afterwards. _ The coup-de-grace which Lottie fondly imagined she had given Muriel in regard to her love for Malcolm had signally failed \- Immediately on recfipt of Muriel's note he had hurried to Havre and explained matters, telling her that Lottie's story was a vile calumny merely to extort money. In her innocence and love for Malcolm, she was ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and much-to-be-pitied man. - How to conciliate, or rather get rid of'Lottie, was. a task which proved no easy one for Malcolm on hearing that she had firmly declined to leave. His temptations of large earns of money were merely ridiculed by her. " As if I am to be bought out and cast adrift by your bribery. No, mon cher, you will live to repent your work and will see some day that a woman can strike, and hard too." This was the last time he had ever listened to her. His temper rose to an ungovernable height, whence, hurling at "her all die epithets his tongue could find, ho gave her a cheque sufficient to cover Immediate wants and left her for ever. As she slowly raised the paper lying before her, she - smiled that smile of triumph which so'often was seen on her lips. " As if he can escape me," she said to herself. " I will let him many; Oh yes! we women do not spoil .sport, and then my tprn comes." Lottie soon after returned to Paris, where she had taken apartments for the winter. She made no secret of her whereabouts, though she did not care to be so much en evidence since her desertion by Malcolm. When she saw, one day, that the marriage waa to take place early in November, a- slight flush tinged her cheeks as she laid aside the paper. Silence was her only chancenowof making her successful in the end, and this she knew well how to preserve. Like a snake in the grass she lay hid, awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's days were'one lone dream of bliss. He loved Muriel with all his soul, and was her slave entirely, granting, everything that was' in his power, to make her life if anything still happier. . " Hpw often I recall the day of that horrid woman's visit," she said to Malcolm as they wandered through the gardens one morning. " My love, why tronble yourself about these silly ideas -when all is -over ? Troe, it was a fiendish story to invent, but where is the man who is safe from the tongues of slanderers ? That woman is one of the most notorious of her kind in London or Paris, and has many times before practised the same game." "Oh, Malcolm darling, I am so thankful to think that she left me when she did. The remembrance of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fade from my memory. Even now in my sleep I sometimes awake with a start and imagine she is looking down at me with, those crnel eyes. How they shone ! l ahall never forget them." " My poor Muriel, it was indeed a terrible ordeal to go through. Do you know, too, that the woman was actually in the gardens watching us that morning ? Yes, that was how she found out, and then directly my back waB turned she seized the opportunity of telling her lies, and thought to obtain money from you." "As it was," said Muriel, "she took those lovely sapphires you gave me." " No matter, better she should have those than have injured a hair of your head; besides, what are bnshels of sapphires beBide my sweet MurieL" Here he bent down and softly touched her forehead with his iipa. " Ah! will this great happiness always go on, go on for ever ? Dearest Malcolm, I wish for no other heaven than this. For you always to be with me, and when death takes one, for the other to be taken too." Come, Muriel darling, do not grow, sad over onr love, remember we have' our duties in life to perform though we are to be man and wife. We cannot quite shnt ourselves up from the world, or what would it say of us ?" "I suppose it would call us -selfish," •aid Muriel, " but lovers are selfish at first, and it seems only natural." The pheasant shooting had now begun in real earnest, as each morning a party of beaters were sent before the guns to search the woods for game. Malcolm was a good shot, and for this reason waa always given a busy corner in the drive, where, as the bronze- winged birds sailed above his head with a loud whir-r-r-r, he eeldqm failed in bringing them to his feet. Muriel would often accompany the" shooters in thick boots and short gown,! when her march through turnip fields or even through ploughed ones would prove her to be as energetic as the rest. ."Hike shooting for its surrounding* and not actually for the sake of killing," she said, as they sat at luncheon one day. "Now how much nicer this is than having luncheon indoors." " Well, for my part," said Duncan, " J would prefer luncheon inside. I can't «ay I am particularly fond of beetles crawkng about me and a risk of swallowfag a waapm the claret." "P a > you .haven t a scrap of romance | in you, and see nothing beautiful in : nature; why, this .very treeweare seated J under is a study in itself. How can it be : compared to those ugly gum-trees we bare been living amongst all oar lives t Sometimes when I -look back on the yeats in Australia I think it so much time wasted." 'Ton tittle traitor," exclaimed Malcolm, why, only a few months! Ago yon would not hear a word said againBt the place, and now yon nm it down wholesale." " Yes, J admit Bach-was the case, but that is the way with 'all Australians, until they learn better. When first they come to England they hate everything and see no beauly ;in anything.: London looks ugly and black, and aa a rnie they hare few friends -to. visit,. consequently they are dependent for *amnsement entirely upon themselves. They soon grow tired of it, and are glad to retnrn.™ " Bat that wasn't your cue, Muriel," aaid her fether, "you had a hundred people who were ready tomakb life pleaseat for you, and one, I am thankfql «ay, has succeeded. 11 . Bancan here raised his glass with a kno wing wink at Malcolm. . •" Oh 2 J,am not talking about myself J you are'so personal-papa." : She blushed a little ahd looked away. - Those frefe^iappysdajsin the Eastern • Cgimfy *s Moriel wandered through tba golden-colored woods, which would -aooji* be hard and chill with the frosts and- «nowB of tranter. Scarce s month re. mamed-fram the timp when she wronld IjSSPme MaMnfs Wile, Sn4 ibongh so short a space, an nnbtdden thought would steal into her heart-as she lay awake in £e»Uenthou» of the ^ht w o n ^ tt anything would come to check their _ Mone] had belieTei every wotd^of fine* letter which had been received staling Mrs. r«ayce% villainy, and,-J although nmu-amgilac in the light of^ true and Jtonorabte man, toped that^hp woifld aotjioiMsome to distarb her oHiferj and deeper'Iove.. She had loved^feric Iwtaiuis she reasoned mith iiwv •eelf. - mere child. I never knew what real love was until I met Malcolm." She could not feel grateful for what Mrs. Fordyce had^done," ; and yet, 'within herself, there was a secret feeliag of selfcongratulation in having had removed from her path that one person who debarred her from marrying Malcolm. What Eric's thoughts were on the jnatter she hardly liked to think about. "She knew what a large and unselfish heart he -had, and how dreadful a blow her 'marriage with another would cause him. . - ; . ** But I do not love him, and life would never be happy for him, or for me either. I cannot write to tell him I am engaged. Bathe will know that soon enough. It is, indeed, a hard thing to be situated-as 1 am, and no one can advise-me." These were some of the thoughts that would keep her. for hours tossing on her pillows. She thonght that when once Jrhe ' marriage was over nothing could 'matter then. Eric might come to England if he liked, but all talk about her previous love for him would be a mere waste of time. Muriel still felt that there was one thorn in her bed of rosea which might at any time make Its presence, felt—that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes Muriel would complain to Malcolm about leaving her, perhaps on wet days, to sit over the fire whilst the shooters were after the partridges. V It's all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving us women at home. But you have no idea how- bored, we -get with one another's society." Mis. Grey had asked several young ladies with their mothers to make up the number at dinner of an evening, but Muriel, beyond making herself' just ordinarily agreeable, never cared to be long in their company. In fact, when Malcolm was away from her the world appeared as a blank. " Well, let ns drive to-day, Muriel," he said one morning, finding her in a discontented frame of mind, and accordingly it. was agreed upon. Very many times afterwards he would order the phaeton with its thoroughbred chestnuts, which spanked along the quiet highways with no more thought of the weight of the carriage behind them than had it been a child's. I'll keep no rubbish in my stables, Duncan would say, on showing hisequine collection to a friend, which was very true. And his horses, whether for saddle harness, were perfect of their kind, and Duncan loved them as if they were his own children. " My conscience, how they're pulling. My arms are aching despite that severe curb on Marmion," said Malcolm, as they traversed the Toad which led from Lambton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. "Have we,much business in the bustling city to-day?" exclaimed Malcolm, satirising the place which loomed ahead. Dullington bore out its name to the letter. Its grass-grown streets, wide and long enough for armies to be marched through them without breaking line, wore the same appearance every day of the week, except Saturday, on which day market was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows month after month, despite the rapid changes ?of fashion, which, in this nineteenth century we are so accustomed to. "Well, of all the holes!" exclaimed Malcolm, drawing up his horses, with a scrooping noise against the curb, "this is about the dullest that I've ever been 'You have always some disparaging remark to make about places or people," said Muriel, preparing to alight. - " It's the same everywhere except in your beloved London. Now there is plenty of historical association, eveo in this hole aa you call it" " Whilst 3 am choosinga carpet suppose you go and inspect that tea-service in the Museum which Qneen Elizabeth is Slid to have used on a visit here." " Hang Elizabeth, what do I care about the woman or the tea-service." Malcolm almost bawled this last remark out, so that several of the paaeers-by looked up. nn - ' ' lie sight of the trap, horses, and occupants, was a general object of admiration as it bowled along through the qniet streets, making them echo again with its clanking pole-cliainB and clatter ofhoofs. How nice we look in the. shop windows," said Muriel. "Well, don't be all day admiring your- Belf. Jump down and order your carpet and 111 drive round to the Club." Muriel in a second had sprung lightly to earth, whilst Malcolm, giving his horses a touch, rumbled up the main street to what was generally known as the Club, remarkable chiefly for bad cookin<r, inferior liquors, worn-out fnrniture, and members whose subscriptions were long OYer-dne. To BE CosmroED 