Humorous Column. , A little nonsense now nil then -■ I» nclished bythe wisest men.—-Hudebrab. Men of Sank—Soldiers. \- " A boy's will is the wind's will," bat a boy's " won't" is for just as long as he «.n hold out against the powers. Little Girl: "What is a dead letter, pleaseP" JUanuna: "One that has been given to your father to post." " And, papa, what did grandfather do for his conntiy ?" ;• " Nothing whatever, my son. He Was a member of Parlia ment." These are the days when you wonder what he or she has made up his or her mind to give yon. Snipp—I don't believe you know right from wrong. Pipp—Yes I do; you are wrong. Small wort—I hear that Mrs. Lease is going to California. I wonder if the climate will agree with her? . Ford—It will if it knows its bosiness. It is a singular thing that a man never beginB to show liis temper until he loses it. A chronic bore, when describing an acci dent in which a man was drowned, said— " It happened in less time than I take to tell it." "I should fancy so; otherwise the man might have been rescued," replied a disgusted listener, yawning. An English health officer recently re ceived the following note from one of the residents of his districtDear Sir,—I beg to tell you that my child, aged eight months, is suffering from an attack of measles as required by Act of Parliament." A little girl who had been taken to Church cast her eyeB, for the first time, on a group of choir boys .in surplices, and very much disturbed the equanimity of her mother by inquiring, " Are they all going; to get their hair cut?" Mother—I sent you my photograph; Don't you think it is a good likeness ? Married Daughter—Well, I should say it iB. It is so lifelike that when my husband saw it be turned as pale as a ghost. Teacher—Do you know why Bobbie Jones is not at school I Tommy—He's sick. Teacher—Are you sane? Tommy:; Y«sj I saw him eittih' at the window with his face clean and. his hair combed. ,• ; : ■ Married Man—Why don't you get, mar-, ried, Miss Perkins? Ton are;getting look like a back number—you will soon be an old maid. Miss Perkins—If I were as easy to please as your wife was, I would have/been married long ago. While teaching a class of girls in a school recently the master. Risked the fol lowing question—What was Noah supposed to he doing when the animals were going into the ark ? He received several an swers. At last# .little girl put her hand up. Well he said, what do you say ? " Taking the tickets, sir I" A few years ago, writes one of our readers, I was staying in Dublin, ■ and whilst walking over Carlisle Bridge a bicyclist approached on a. high machine, but riding in a very zig-zag manner. A lad, about eight years old, observing this, called out, " Yah! Come off .that, youll be saysick in a minute." First little girl—I'm going to have a tea party to-morrow. Will your mamma let yon come? Second little girl—I fink she will if you call it a hot milk and water party. Gerty (who has behaved very rudely to her mamma), to her aunt—Aunty Clara, pray don't go away yet! Aunty (flattered) —I had no idea you were so fond of me, Gertie! Gertie-^-Oh Aunty Clara, it isn't that, but mamma'said I was to be whipped when you hud gone. <:-V Collar the most innocent-looking boy in the crowd and you will have the one who threw the snowbalL . " Do you go to church to hear the ser mon or the music,-Mauds P' " I go for the hims," said Maude. " Yes," remarked the egg, " my theatri cal venture was a success. I was cast for the villain and made a great hit." " Are operaseats on sale here ?" "Yes^ madam." " Well,: what night do Lohen grin and Carmen sing together ?" " What subjects are treated in your new book ?" ' '.None. . " It's a plea forprohibi tion, and doesn't treat at all." Mrs. Briggs (after the Sunday dinner) : " Well, Bobbie, have you had all you want?" Bobbie: "I've had all I could Kitty — Can't I put these flowers in any place where they will look pretty? Tom — Not while you stay in the room with them. She : "These hoireid phbtogr^phs doh*t do me justice at all." He: " My love, it's not justice ycuetend m need of—itfs mercy." • "The telephone is like a woman; it tells everything it hears." "Yes, that's so. And it's unlike a woman, too; it tells a thing just as it hears it." Young Tutter—-What we want in our society, Miss Maude, are brains, brains. Miss Snmmit—But how are you going to supply them ? : " Grace and Minnie have quarrelled and are both miserable:. " No, they l»ve inade friends and -ate perfectly happy again." " How do youknow ?" " £ saw them both crying together. He (disagreeably)—What the mischief is the matter with this dinner ? She (mildly)—I cooked it, dear. He—Well, I was wondering what made it so much bet ter than Usual. Bobby—I wish my birthday was not the 22nd of February. Jack—Why not? Bobby—Oh t every one thinkB because George Washington never told a lie, I ought not to. He—PerhapB you are aware that most of the greatest inventions of the world are conceived by men. She—Gh, they ace driven to invention. They h&vent; any hairpins £o do things irath. " I offer thee " exclaimed the Prince in the stay, " my crown. Wilt share it with me?" The beautiful maiden smiled. " Sure thing," she answered. !" WJby shouldn't I? They are wearing men's styles in everything. , H A report from Young states thaia fatal' . :shooting;,aceident occurred at "Wombat, •: eight miles distant, on Monday afternoon t Twochildren named'Abberten, a bey and i a girl, aged 10 and four years respectively, j were left at home by themselves, when taking a gnn they went out to shoot birds. , The mother, tfhowas ataneighbour'shodse0 ahout a quarterof a mileaway,heaed are port and hasteheds home,. when- she dis^ i covered thafcthegirthad beenshot in the 1 back and died ten minutes after* 'j At a place called Fanny 2BH, near Binda, in the Cowra disferict, iB growing an apple tree, which we're told: has been fruit hearingforsirtyyears,. ThefoUowing is a description of it;—'*Height:33ft., cir cumference 198ft. round iheouteredgesof the limbs, diameter of circumference 66ft. There-are 13 luabs growing from the trunk about 2ft. 6in* from the ground, : averaging 2ft. 8in m circumference, thej largest being 8ft 8m and the smallest 1ft. Sin., in circumference* The fruit is of a cooking variety and is aery large " , At WariaMa, »Mirs*Patt®raon and her child were sitiSngnear a tfee which was being grubbed ' by a man named Ahem, the treef ell in the wrong direction, se verely. injuringboth mother audchild, rendering them unconscious and. tearing the flesh. The cases sire hopeless. Ahern was so troubledby the, affair that he has: goneoutof hismind. John King, a grocer at Ballarat (YIcv), took a dose of strychnine for insomnia oh ; Tuesday, and died shortly afterwards. Hiittonb&e; reeeived news df the death Of hisbalf-brother. Captain Lawrence/of the Rifle Brigadfivwho wasr hBcentlyappmntBd i tocommand a native 'force at Momb&ssa.; It appears that ifchis promising young officer lost bis hfe ja a skirtnish witfa the ' In deddingan actionfordef&mation; of character at Mudgee, Judge Doctor ruled that astatement made to a policeman in the interests of justice was privileged. The mysterious shooting af&irreported; to the Bathhrat police has been explained. It appears tbata boy was out with a gun after wallabies, and the shot that soared; the occnpants of "the vehicle killed one such animal. The' lad in question made no secret of the matter. The Inspector-General of Poiiae visited Maitland onTnesday. A young lady passenger by the R.M.S. Cuzco, who whs vaccinated in quarantine a year ago, has been ordered ta remain in quarantine in Melbourne as iW vaccina tion had not taken. She was to have been married on Wednesday last. ConBteble Pcrcell. of Sunny Comer, has been committed for trial at Bathnrst una oh&rge; of brutal assanlt npon an ag^dC ooupleuamed Strathford. Thewomanis ■between "60 and 70 years of age. -and the man is 84,.,; \- ; ■' ' '' ■ ■ • ' . • i If youcsnnot obtain *'Myfa Tea" in your district, write to ll. Mitchell and Co. Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local; storekeepers.—Abvt. F - . ' i 