FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. The performance of " Hamlet" at the Theatre Royal last Friday night did not attract so large an audience as might have been expected. One would have thought that curiosity to see a lady playing the part of Hamlet would have been, responsible for a crowded house, but Adelaide folks are evidently blase. Quiz has not sufficient space at his disposal to enable him to enter into anything like an elaborate criticism of Mrs. Lewis's performance. It was un deniably clever. The elocution was well-nigh perfect, and it goes without saying that from first to last a most intelligent conception was given of the character of the melancholy Dane, although one member of Parliament who was present, and who is probably a little bit "touched" himself, was annoyed because Hamlet was not re presented as being mad in reality. Of course one could not forget that Hamlet in this case was a woman (except when one saw Mrs. Lewis handling the foils in the last act), but it was a thoroughly admirable perfor mance, and should be rewarded by a bumper house to-morrow night, when under distinguished patronage the play will be repeated. Mr. L. Truebridge was effective as Horatio, Mr. F. C. % Appleton made a respectable if some what conventional ghost, Mr. Costello was an execrable Polonius, and the r;est of the company acquitted them selves fairly. Miss Frances Grahame, who as Ophelia appeared at first to be overweighted, acted with much natural ness in the mad scene. On Saturday evening that very ex cellent drama, " Jane Shore," was pro duced, and Mrs. Lewis was given another opportunity of displaying her versatility. This play abounds in strong situations, and the dialogue is moreover couched in poetical language that cannot fail to appeal to the genuine playgoer. Mrs. Lewis from first to last rivets the attention of her audience, and in the fourth act she is unquestionably very fine, and well deserves the enthusiastic recall which has nightly been insisted upon. Good support is rendered by Mr. F. C. Appleton as the Duke of Gloster, Mr. Truebridge as Henry Shore, and Mr. Clement Wickefield as Catesby. The piece is staged with much com pleteness, and in the fourth act the snow scene is very realistic. That mournful play, " East Lynne," will be given to-night, and to-morrow evening Mrs. Lewis's season will be brought to a close,4 when, as announced above, " Hamlet" will be staged. * * * The burlesque " Cinderella " which has been such a pronounced success at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, will be introduced to an Adelaide audience at the Theatre Royal for the first time on Saturday evening. No expense will be spared in making the production as complete as possible, arid the scenery is described as being some of the finest ever seen on any stage, A competent company will beheaded by Mr. Horace Wheatley (a comedian alleged to be the equal of Mr. Elton) and Miss Marie Luella, while the other members of the organisation are all favorites in Melbourne. There will be plenty of bright music and plenty of dancing, so that Mr. Wybert Reeve need not have much fear as to the success of the season. Miss Katherine Hardy, a young lady who is rapidly coming into the front rank of her profession, will enact the role of Cinderella, and the name of Mr. Martyn Hagan, a comedian with a considerable reputation, deserves to be mentioned. The expenses con nected with the production of " Cinde rella" will be very great, and jQ600 per week will have to be taken before any profit is made. " Cinderella " has struck Adelaide at the right time, and Quiz fully expects to see a full dress circle, stalls, and gallery on Saturday night. * * "An entertainment well worth the money." That is the general verdict passed upon the Empire Company, who are now in strong possession of the fort at the Bijou Theatre. Another change of programme on Saturday was wel comed by a very large house, and nearly every item 011 the programme was encored. Mr. George Gardner's orchestra is now in capital working trim, and is of great assistance to the vocalists. The new comers on Satur day were Messrs. Delohery, Croydon, and Holland, and their " turns," which have the advantage of novelty, were rapturously received. Mr. Alf. Lawton and Miss Clara Spencer added to their laurels, and the other members of the company gave ceaseless enjoyment, those deserving particular mention being Mr. C. R. Jones, Miss Amy Rowe, and Mr. Matlock. The same programme will be repeated to-night and to-morrowr evening, and it is well worthy of patronage. In fact the Empire Company is going as strongly j to-day as it did six weeks ago, and the new bill on Saturday evening is not likely to witness any diminution in the attendance. The sacred concert given last Sunday evening drew a full house, and each of the performers met with an encore. The final item, " Steal away to Jesus," was excellently rendered. Another sacred concert will be given on Sunday. Mr. St. John is worthy of special praise for his stage manage ment. ^ * * Mr. Lockley cannot complain that the public are deserting him at the Cyclorama, for every evening this week his enterprise has been rewarded by large attendances. Miss Gwen. Davies is undoubtedly a strong attrac tion, and the beautiful views shown by means of the Trinoptican, apart from the Cyclorama itself, and Mr. Lockley's excellent lecture are well worth the price of admission. * * * The last Continental of the season was held on Saturday evening, when a "special complimentary night" was tendered to Mr. George GifFen, our champion cricketer. There was a large attendance, 2,600 people paying for admission. A capital programme was carried out, the vocalists being Miss Alicia Burton, who met with a flatter ing reception; Mr. Albert Fairbairn, who was in magnificent voice, and was twice deservedly encored ; and Mr. P. Deaoe, who once more received "many marks of approval. The Leipzig Orchestra filled the rest of the bill in a satisfactory manner. It is to be hoped that at the close of the Chamber of Manufactures Exhibition the Con tinentals will be resumed. "Don't forget St. Patrick's Day. If you are an Irishman you are not at all likely to do so. This year the anni versary of Ireland's patron saint falls on Sunday, but it will be kept up in good old-fashioned style on Monday. There will be a procession to the Adelaide Oval, where an excellent pro gramme of sports will be carried out, and in the evening a grand national concert will be given in the Town Hall. The affair promises to be a great success. * * * Space will not permit Quiz to elaborately criticise the concert given by the Orpheus Society in the Town Hall last Thursday evening. The Society have been rehearsing Gounod's " Messe de Orpheonistes " for a con siderable period, and it was a pity that their admirable singing of the mass should have been to a large extent spoiled by the thundering of Mr. Mortimer on the organ. " Sigund," in which.Mr. T. C. Paltridge made a hit, was given in the second part of the programme, and the graceful piano forte accompaniments of Mr. Gribble were much admired. The soloists in other respects were hardly up to the Orpheus Society standard. * * * An exhibition of art and industry under the auspices of the Chamber of Manufactures will be opened in the Jubilee Exhibition Building this evening. The Treasurer (Hon. F. W. Holder) will be entrusted with the opening ceremony, and a musical pro gramme, arranged by Messrs. Howells and Stevens, will be carried out. Mr. Stevens has for a long time had a Festival Choir of over 300 voices in training, and to-night they will render " The Song of Australia," " See, the conquering hero comes," "Sing unto God," and "Hallelujah." More ambi tious work will be undertaken by the Choir while the Exhibition is in pro gress, and as Messrs. Howells and Stevens have undertaken the manage ment of the twelve concerts it is pro posed to give, no anxiety need be felt on that score. " Stabat Mater," " The Sleeping Beauty," and " The Golden Key" will be rendered, and in addi tion there will be concerts in which the Orpheus Society and Herr Heinicke's orchestra of twenty-five performers will take part, gymnastic displays by students of our principal colleges, and an Optical Lantern Ex hibition by the South Australian Photo graphic Society. But apart from these attractions the chief interest will be centred in the exhibition, which will consist of work done by our artists, mechanics, women, and youths. It is undoubtedly an excellent thing to hold such an exhibition, because it will stimulate the inventive skill of the rising generation. Few people realize how many manufactures we have in Adelaide. A visit to the Jubilee Ex hibition Building during the next month will convince them that Ade laide is of more importance in a manufacturing sense than they have ever realized. * * •it Miss Maggie Moore and her company are expected to arrive in Adelaide from Broken Hill to-day, and they will leave by the Innamincka for Sydney on Saturday. Business at the Hill is reported to have been good. 