PAESON M'LETTO. L TALE OF TEE QUEENSLAND BORDEE. (FOE THE ' SUNDAY TIMES.') A 1 1. A N B It I. A B O D GEBY is an isolated 'r township towards the Queensland border. It is generally hot there, Jf /t\ the heavy-hanging air InfY \'-j throbbing responsive |'|| 'iffy w only to the suii-irlare I rea t»' H\ j' that seems to suck the \- JfO In' fr°m trees, the ' I ./ / grass, and all things j * , j i that live. At other J - 'hi- timos dry, dustbur ^ dened, choking wind breaths rush and eddy Jong like the pitiless scorch of flames, ron roofs of parallel rows of weather roard shanties reflect the sunshine, glistening md dazzling like a score of minor suns. Be rond the township a rutted track stretches vindingly through the scrub, sloping down to ;he river's edge, a couple of miles distance. When tbe rains come to Yallanbillabodgery ;hey fall torrent-like. The river becomes a sea, tossing, foaming, sometimes reaching rreedily through the township and over tho paddocks and pasture land. Then there is lavoc ; homes are devastated, lives are im Derilled. The population numbers close on three hun Ired — men, women, children, and dogs. A preponderating half ar9 dogs — quadrupedal janine, not men dogs. The four-legged speci nens never seem to die, but the others occa sionally get bushed, fall down shafts- when the night is dark and the liquor potent, or stroll inquisitively into tbe insatiable Yallanbilla River. By this means the population is kept within Maltbusiau limits. The townspeople's principal pursuits, when llive, are gold-getting, drinking, and disobedi 3ii ce of each and every behest of the decalogue. Iheir principal pursuit when dead is — irrele- vant. Cyprian Bethel Maletto arrived at Yallan billabodgery — a stout, Eelf-satisfied man, with long, curly locks, grey-sprinkled. Ho smoked i cigar, and wore tweed pants of chess-board variety, sobred by a lugubrious frock coat. Mrs. Cyprian Maletto smilingly accompanied bim— a portly lady, in a satin dress and a black beaded mantel. When they alighted from the coach a motley jroup of admiring children and irritable dogs immediately centred round, whilst the men idlers stared and the women-gossips congre gated in twos and threes to talk about the uew arrivals, and discuss tbe possible business that inveigled them to Yallanbillabodgery. Ono whispered that Malletto might be a circus advance-agent or a blatant vendor of patent medicines. Tho novelty - loving youngsters hoped so. Another said that he might bo a mining agent with no ostensible knowledge of mining. Weary miners' wives hoped so. Shanty-keeper Barney Higgins suggested that he purposed representing Yallanbillabodgery in Parliament, and was there to gauge their political inclinations. Tbe crowd of illimitable grogsters hoped so. A still more feasible rumor had it that he was a detec. tive sent especially to investigate several local cases of cattle-stealing on outskirting rnns. Nobody hoped so. Cyprian Bethel Maletto was quite prepared to act any one of these parts, or all the lot if profitable. 'Newspaper hereabouts ?' he askod, imme diately on arrival, of a disordered person, who had obviously been rum-pickled for half a life time. ' Yes, sir. One impartial journal and one un diluted rag, undiluted rag, sir, 'ssure you. I'm proprietor 'n editor 'n ev — editor, sir, of th* bes' and mos' widely supported journal, the Yallanbillabodgory National Teibunjs. My name's Braily, sir — Jasper Braily. Flatter mesself that - — ' 'Any music teachers?' ' Five of them. All adver — ' ' Who's the local minister?' ' Minister. Ain't got 'ny: Ministers won't come to Yallanbillabodgery, sir. Livin' ain't fat 'nough to feed a scarecrow, let alone a par son. Every man's 's own parson here. Yes sir, 's own parson we've ? ' ' Drink?' ' D'mind 'f I do.' That night a dozen or 'more of the men were gathered in the cosy light of Barney Higgins' shanty drinking somewhat, smoking inces santly, and yarning. Their stories were of the bush, pregnant with weird, bush-bred fancies some of them, others mirthful and recklessly exaggerated — each story told to eclipse the one preceding — while the tobacco clouds stole dreamily upward like ghosts of the murdered verities. During a lull Buddy Kilpatrick turned the conversation upon the new arrival. ' How long's this M'letto fellow goin' t' stop here p' he questioned of Barney Higgins, who stood behind the counter, with his elbows resting upon it; ' d'y' know ?' 'S's h'll mos' likely stop here f'r good 'n* rescue lost sheep.' ' Blarstyou 'an' y'r lost sheep! What 're drivin' at ? Y'ain't goin' t' joke me ' N'r' I don't want to. They're Cyprian Bethel's own words — 'n' he ought to know. He's a parson, 'n' ? ' ' Get out !' ? ' Parson — 'n' says he* goin* t convert sinners. There's plenty t' keep him busy^any way. I knew a parson once that ? ' ' His story lasted nearly an hour, but it opened up a rich, unworked vein of untruth fulness. The Bev. Cyprian Bethel Maletto promptly set about 'the labor of evangelisation. His first convert was the editor of the Yallanbilla bodgery National Tribune, who used to attend the services regularly, and as regularly slinky away when unperceived to Barney HigginB' shanty at the corner. His rival, the editor of the Yallanbillabodgery Clarion, in sinuated that Jasper Braily bad been con verted by an unstated quantity of colonial beer. In the Tribune he resisted the imputa tion, and denounced the Clarion in vigorous terms, offering to explain his tirade if his rival was still too poor to afford^a dictionary. . Tho Clarion, in reply, pointed out that his contemporary's Webster had been in the keep ing of Bhanty-keeper Barney Higgins for upward , of threo year3. Thus was the tradi tional freemasonat-y of journalism borno out. Then Buddy Kilpatrick interfered. Buddy was now a very prominent disciple of the llev. Cyprian, and he officiated as a sort of church militant, knocking odd corners off promiscuous scoffers. He took decisive action against the scoffer who made conciliatory overtures. ' Good day, Mr. Kirkpatrick.'' ' Go t' blazes !'' ' Hope, sir, nothing's the matter.' 'Matter I Want to' know th' matter, do you?' Buddy grabbed at tho scoffer, and adroitly overthrew him ; and, after dangling him head downward for a while, let him drop — an indig nant mass of bruised flesh. ' Want 'ny more matter? *F y* don't, leave Parson M'letto alone, 'nd blarst you.' Fighting champions are invaluable adjuncts of pioneer churches and slop-mado creeds. They add tone and weight — fighting weight. The editorial scoffer hoarded his venom for awhile, and the Reverend Cyprian's flock made glorious increase. Even the canine inhabitants joined him in full force, and attended his gospel meetings for spiritual consolation. In the fullness of their hearts they would yelp and bark almost as noisily as their co religionists. When the Eeverend Cyprian mooted a church building, great was tbe enthusiasm. Everybody in Yallanbillabodgery found delight iu the project. The Tribune knew the loveliest little spot in the township, shaded by a pair of stately swaying cedara, with the river streaming sonorously near. 'It seemed to be dedicated byGodto God' — and belonged to an advertiser. The spot was chosen. A buildincr fund was. mentioned, and the whole congregation beamed with acquiescent gene rosity, finding untold satisfaction in the whole project. The Eeverend Cyprian offered to make up the last twenty pounds in every hundred subscribed — cheap philanthropy of the penniless — and the religionists lauded him, and extended their moral and. financial support. And Mrs. Cyprian ! She was an incarnate saint, striving endearingly for good. She organised a Dorcas Society, nursing sisters, and other charities, until every member of the swelling congregation bloomed into president of at least one benefice. 'Ah!'' murmured the Reverend Cyprian, clasping his- hands together reverentially; ' She's an angel — a perfeot angel 1' J asper Braily drawled : ' A perfec' angel. A — a — (hio !) men.' An onlooking scoffer interrupted : 'Angel, be blowed ! She's too fat for an angel.' And Buddy Kilpatrick exclaimed; 'TJffl Wan 'ny more? Uff!' The instinct of holiness thoroughly domi nated the township of Yallanbillabodgery. Most people took to it rabidly, and the minority was too insignificant to make contro- ! 1 versy. Controversy took the shape of spilt blood at Yallanbillabodgery. ] All work was inspired by a permeating j religion. All sin was committed with a holy air. The very children disported in staid and reverent fashion.. They remained noisy, but then newly-fangled religions aro essentially bo, and the noisiest creed is most contagious. ! A score of the nippers had all the morning been swimming in the yellow river, and they were now trooping and frisking about, the complacent sun smiling upon their innocent nudity. They were convened in a mimic i open air meeting, 'screeohing Moody and Sankey with wonderful independence of. melody — if ever Moody and Sankey created melody. ( They concluded with the tra ditional yell, and the young Jeff Melaney, shirted only, and crowned by an overshadow ing, half-extinguishing, soft black hat, stepped forward and unctuously bade them follow him heavenward, soliciting a durable collec tion to aid the journey. ' 'T's f'r th' House o' God, y' know. Fine building, y' know. On Tammie M' Vicar's lot, y* — ow, ow-w-w!' An abrupt scatter of the brethren had left Mrs. Melauey in sole possession of her blos soming evangelist. ' What y* up to now, y* young imp P Swimmin' agen, eh? What ? Lord! Parson M'letto's hat. Where'd you get that ?' ' F-found *t,' ' None y'r lies. Where 'd you get 't?' ' In th' river. 'T ? ' ' Th' river ? Lord ! ' Somethingmnst bavo happened. Sherushea away to Constable Garbie's. Constable Garbio — the local police — waa gloriously inebriate, according to custom, but he mustered official dignity sufScient to marshal a procession of idling Yallanbillabodgerans to Parson Malettos'. He knocked — no response. He burst open the door. An unsealed letter lay upon a table, addressed to tha Yallambilla bodsrery believers. 'We die! Suicides! Where the dark cedars reach heavenward that were to shelteS God's chapel, there wo will last reflect upon the death so close before us. We will be found in the river, clasped, maybe, in eaoh other's clammy, death-locked arms. We sin, but poverty has driven us to it — poverty drove us to misappropriate the moneys dedicated by you to God. We erred ; each for the other'Q sake. Blame, if you will. God will blame no, too. Ah ! God ? mercy I ' Suicides ! Consternation spread through Yallanbilla- bodgery. Women wept and men pnekered up their brows grimly. Work ceased. Gossip stopped. And Constable Garbie, sobering slightly, went to tbe river's edge, followed by a curious, excited string. The black hat was all that remained of tho Eeverend Cyprian, and Mrs. Maletto. A month or so later, a thin morsel of Q woman, with a perky, inquisitorial air, camo to Yallanbillabodgery. She asked if a biggish lump of a man was there, and a fat, awkwardly built woman who said Bhe woo his wife. ' Dy'mean Parson M'letto ? ' ' Parson Maletto. P'raps so. Yes.'' ''Sdead.' 'Dead! Committed suicide, eh?' ' Yeas.' ' About the twentieth town he's suicided in. . , , Ha's my husband.' When the Lord Bishop of Nevernarradia paid his first pastoral visit to Yallan billabodgery, the remotest corner of his diocese, ! with intentions of establishing a curacy there, i the indignant Yallanbillabodgerans dipped i him in the river for his trouble. — Thorold Dalryuplh. I GOT IT IN THE EIYEE. 