MR. ROWLAND EDWARDS. EVANGELISTIC SERVICE. Mr. Rowland Edwards, an evangelist, who has lately arrived in the oolony from Eng. land, has been holding evangelistio eervioes in Perth for the past weak. On Saturday night he held a service in the Town Hall There was a fairly large congregation. Mr. Edwards read from St. Luke, vid., 22, tbe story of Jesus and His disoiples crossing the Lake of Gallie*. Christ aogge-t. that they shall cross tbe Like ; He goss to sleep, the storm rises, the disoiples beoomë afraid, they call Him, He rebukea the s'orm, which becomes busted. Arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, they meet a man possessed with many devils. JOBUB exorcises the devils and «ends them into a herd of swine, wbioh go down the bill into the lake and are ohoked. The man of the Gadarenes wishes to go with Him, bnt JOBOB says, "Betnrn to thine house and show what God hath done for thee," and he went his way and published throughout th» oity what JeBus had done for him. The narrât ve, said Mr. Edwards, is assuredly a simple one, but it is only the enlightened eye that «ess more in it. than the history. To the enlightened eye every sentence will appear abläse with gospel light and truth. And I want to get the gospel ont of it this evening. Who was it suggested to the Lord to go npon the lakeP He suggested that th.y should go Himself. It was Bia own pro- posai. Who proposed to God thaï His son «honld oome denn to this earth and dis? Did you Î Did IP Did any mortal man ? No one, m-a-i" be the answer. It oiiginated in the be trt of the blessed ßid. There ia no gospel like th's. It is Gjd-lUça ; it is grand- like. It is wonderful that salvation should be obtained for us at the cost of the lile of His b!«ssed Son. In the graci of Ki« own blessed beert Jesus carne from the glory of God's presence to this world. And in the terrib'p judgment against ein, He died an I in dying opened the way t . God for every sinne« on earth. Tbey entered into the boat aa-i ths Lord fell asleep. The storm arises. I1 can sne the little pratt in danger, the seas rolled over her while the Master was asleep, and a-sleep we are to'd. by St. Mark, with a pillow. We do not get the pd'ow ia St. Luke. In Mark the Lord Jesus is presented as a pe'feot servant. In Luke He ia the son of man-"'the son of inin bath no place ti lay his head.*" There ia nopidow for Bim to lie on in Luke.. Thor« is a pillow for Je-us in Mark. And they awoke Bim from ti is steep saying " Master, master, we ppri.b." And He rcse and rebuked the storm and ths *ea was bushed in peaoe. He had done it. And the disciples in the boat wondered and said '?' what manner of msn ** this." But whit He bus done for us is far greater than that. He has given us a peace far greater than that we read of. By His preo oui b'ood He has mad«peace in the mighty etqrm of C li- very. He has nude peace for tb6 sinn». Ton say you have little «in in Perth, People have such erroneone ideas about God and about sin. They talk about little sins and big sins. Of course you have little sins if yon hare a little God. As God is infinite, eo is sin. people talk: about white lies and b aoi lies. There ia no such thing a« white lies or. black ljes. It is in the nature of it. It is a lie. Do yon think God takes oognisanpi of black lies or wbjte lies ? No : He takes cognisance of lies. And if you never believed it before, believe it now ; God must judge sin. Th.t is -ujevitaj- jle. I wi-1 tell you what the theologians do.. They shout heaven and whisper helL Hell is a word not tons used to polite ear«. If yon die unsaved of oonrse yon will be damned. Yes, air, or madam, sin de- serves a dreadful judgment, and if you follow s}n yon muBt pasf trata His presence, God forgotten. I bave good news for yoa. If it be true that God must -judge sin, it is also true that God s>*ut His Son to be the vie'im, and on that viotim the judgment of sin waa passed so that salve/ion 'in His name might be presented to us through the Gosp 1. What did the Chretien dor lie ii the man who is born agiin, a men -with salvation, who ia positively saved. Aek him what would' befall him, and he would look np and say " Thanks be to Gjd, there is no dark night of judgm- nt left, for mc. It hen all been berne and eihauated by my Saviosr. There is everlastirg sunshine for ma because Christ bas made peaoa by tbe blood oa the Cross." We have known men who cal themselves priests and clergy. We have known such men go to the death-bod and speak to peopled on trio o*>nfine.' of tbe world to oosie and ask, " Have you inode your peace : with God ?" Suoh'á question was so delud- ing, so deceiving. *.. Lady, eAr," the-y said, " have you made your pesos with God ?" But sinners can't 'do it. Can't do it. Pesoe has been made by the blood of Christ on the CroBB: What you'have' to do is aea brokin-hearted einnor to take the Lord Jesris Christ as your Saviour, and you get peace with God, the result of the peace whioh Christ made nearly nineteen oentnrUs ago. Ton cannot make peace with Go J. It has been made for yon by the blood of Christ oa His Cross. Bat do not suppose that He is oa the Cross to- night, noa that some of yon have to ding to the CroBB. Christ is nat on ths Tree Christ isjiot in the grave. Christ is risen, and tbere in glory at tjod's right hand he aita -{¡a-night. He is a real living Man, sitting tbere at God's right hand. Ha is there by virtue of Ho work on the cross when Ha was in this world. The oross is down and the grave is empty. The throne is filled by Him who was on the tree, who lay is the tomb, but now has risen. They land npin the opposite shore. They meet the roan of tbe Gadarenes. Of this man four things are said-he is devil possessed, ha has no clothes be has no honse, and he dwelleth in tombs. There era four heavy coonta ia it. I am going to oharge them home to every foul here to-night. Ton may not like it. It is not popular I know. You are devil possessed ; yon are naked ; you have no house ; and yon live in tombs. Yon say I speak in parable». Devil possessed 1 " Fancy," I bear yon say, "this stranger from England oomiag and telling the people of Perth they ere devil possessed. We can't stand that." Yet I will explain. There are two powers ia this world. One is the devil's and the other ia God's. Satan on tb« one and tbe Holy Ghost oa the other. Are you ia 8a<an'« power tan'gbt or in the Spirit's pawer ? Th.t is what T mean by saying you ara devil possessed. I will tell you what I find men doing-tryi-g to escape the thraldim of Satan. But yon can- not do it, I defy any man to do it. I bave known drunkards to take the bine ribbon. Tbey last for txo've months and are back at their drunkenness again. I have koown ladies «f pleasure give up their amuteraenta and attend church more regalar ,ly. But ia two or three yesrs they are bank to the b.tlroom, baok to tLe noie). What does it prove? Their impotenoy to ddiv.r themselvfB from Sa'-an's power. Yoa need a deliverer. This man of the Gadarenea-we find, be broke his booda. The world hid taken him in hind. It ha i put the bonds npan him. It had tried to reform him. Thie is a great day for reformation. But ter'>rmat*>oi ia damnation. You om give np drink. You oan give up living your life of pleas m-. Bat tbe Scripture says you munt be b ra agaia, and this is what is wanting in your history. There was a young man in Siotland-in Perth curiously enough-he «as a strict PrsBbyteiian. Bat ha was not born arain. He bad b*>ea to hear a preacher. He re- turned to his home and he took down ths Bible in whiph hie father bad written the dates of the birth of several children, and Underneath his own name, the young man wrote the date and the words, "Thank Go-*', born again." Have» you been beru again? It i« a red-letter day in « man's hutory, the day be is horn again. Sirni people think they were born eg*in when they were ohristened. It's a lie. I waa christened in the Chnroh of England. I was not b <rn again. I lived 20 years aftir that ia my sins and served the devil. Yon can never be bora again in your baptism. I care cot whether it ia your infant's baptism or your ep cal'ei be- lievers** baptism. There ia no new birth in either. Y< u-renotbarn by any ordinance what- ever. But you must be born again. Do you marvel? The Lird says there should be no marvel. How can I marvel if I be.ieve os a sinaer I am clem loit, undone in the sight of God. Tbere is. no rrarvel tb-n. I must be born again. Have yon buen? H« wore no olotbeB 1 The fact ii every sinner i¡» naked before Goi. We lest otc robe of innocence in the Garden of Eirn. Qod had p'othed Adam in a suit of innocence. He lost it. Yon can't get it back. He does not retors \t ia the Gospel-notlhebles-ings of Eden on Earth. Bat be brings tbe heavenly blessings to men's sou's. He gives the treasures ot glory. I know Gpi faaB raved me by His grace ai d fi ted me to fill the brightest spot in heaven. People talk ef prayer* for the dead. Prayers for the detd, indeed-dead saints I I oali theaa living ia'nts. Here is Soripture, " absent from the boiy, present with the Lord." - There i« apt muoh intermediate state' abiut tLat. Clod's grace makes tija poor sinner trust in the blool of Christ ti fit bira for th« brightest spot in the près nee of the carnal God. Do yin think your prayer for the living saint on earth would be einoaoions in this way, that your prayers for a I sinner living on earth wen'd fit bim for a tittie I of God'B glory. Y«n say, of ooaree, bi < fitness depends upon the Blood. If that be si we can dierrise prayers for the dead. If prayers fqrth' living cwn.it effect, it. still less can. t be effected by pra>ers for the detd. The fitaei>s that gives a ti le to, glory deppr.d on Christ's redemption work.' Yon arc naked before Qod as a »inner. Some one wil| surely - say, "I am c-vered. I do my beat. ,1 say my prayer*. I read my Bible. I tea-m in tbe Sunday sp oil. I go about'eva'-go'ising.'1. What bas that done for yon P Take o ire thit you are not asked *-*-* H*w carne you'bero .without y.*>ur wedding garme-nt '(" A loarneo i-qhiolmat-ter who waa talking ti me said, " You say a man can be saved without doing anythng. Why, J am doing my best and I sm not saved yet," I banded him the Bible, Bimansj chap, iv., " Bot) to Lim that worketb not, bat believeth on Him who jastifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteous, neis." What do you think he said, ***-1 would not wonder if the'not-** h'ad get in there by miitake." Here ia 'a sohoo'mieter for yon. Ob, my frieniîa, why saoh drivelling nonsense. "'But to bim that worketh not, but believeth on! Him that'1 jastifieth' the ' ungodly!' hie faith shall be counted for righteousness." As a sinner you are naked before God. The third point is, there was no house for the man and therefore he was unsheltered. Chrtat who has pissed through the storm oomes to the man without sfae'ter. As it was in the past so it will be in the days to come. ' This man was unsheltered. .Are yon un- sheltered ? Let me say to you there is only one shelter in the time to oome, sad that is the Book of Agas. The fourth point is that he dwelt in tombs. I met a Welshman who asked me ? Do yon believe, that in the midst of life we are in death " P Someone had died suddenly, I «aid "'That is not hard to be lieve, bat it is not ia the Scrip'ure. It is in the prayer book, bat not in the Bible. It is quite trae, but there is something as true." He said " What is that " P I replidd " In the midst of death eome people are in life." He that believeth in the Son bath eternal life. ' Are yon living in tombs P This man lived in tombs. He had lived in the valley of the shadow of death. No use to sny " is life worth living." Of course it is if you have found Christ. Bat what siya the irfilol? " I mean to en jay life, and then I shaU die like a dog and there is an end to me." I h*ard of a man ia Yorkshire who was oat of a billet. He met an old min ia the park, who asked b;m why he did not take Cbriit P He replied that he did not believe in it. The old man then said " I have a splendid cure for you," and he led him to the lake and said "Throw yourself in there and tuera will be an end to all your troubles." This practical way of dealing with him polled bim np and he began to see what a fool he had been, end in that simple way he was led to the Lord Join*. Life ia worth living, but you must have Christ. And the Lot d said to the man, " What 1 is thy name P" That- is, what will be siid to thee P And he Baid " Legion," for he was devil-posiOB'Fd. And the motnout he said that Gild blessed him. You get a lovely incident in the rid tes'ament. Jauob, who ' stole his brother's birthright, bad at last te meet E«au-Lord Eaaa. And he prayed to the Lord to soft n bia brother's heait towards him, and he sent bûbroher a prnsent, and | then he appioaobel him with a paradventare. ' Qe prayed, he sent a pr seat, and then there was a peradventure. Turn Jacob waa lift alone with God, and G id wrestled with him, and God broke hi. think. Then he said to bim. " Whit is thy nnmi P " No» the English for Ja"*ob is " client." And he answered and' said, " God. I am a obent," And the Lord Baid, " I shall give y<*>n « new m me," and he cal ed him Israel. What is yonr name now j* S-i n-n«e-r, Siinir. If y u will own that to Gcd t-J-niebt ho IT li give you a new name immediately you believe on the L -rd. What is that nttneP S-a-v-e d. Saved, Christian. Then they esme ti s e what had been done, and they found the man sitting at the feet of Jesus clothed in his riglt niiuel. Thera aere foar thing« true of this man Ho was resoue 1. He was rested. He wie robed, and he was right minded. Is it tot passing s-range that they should find him re cujd frcm the Devil and in the Father's arms. He wa * retened from tbe arms cf Satan, and was in the arma of tue Father for everlasting. Beaoaed ! and rested ! blessed rest! We should all fin i it at the feet of the Christ. Where can you find rest P At the feet of Chri.t. Look r«pnd the world., What a turmoil it i*, with ita politics, its pleasures and it's basines«. The rash,' the push and the worry. That is what life is, at this moment, ia this world. Is it not a remarkable thing that there should be one here «hi knows there is perfect rest, pesos with God. That soul b te -trade the au quain te.-f« if God. Then hi «ni robed. Chris1: hal turned the tables BO com- pletely. The ma°q WftB naked. How oonld bo pet robedP Robed with whom? Robed with Chris**. God came and by re- lieving your sirs for ever he o >vëtèa you with the beauty < f Chri-r. He ha-a cove re J me and will cover yan with the beauty of Jesus Robed I I* is with divino righteousness, a rigbteoasncis you can never work out by yoursalf, nev<r produce by your own effort. The l*w demands it and the got-pel brings it. Lots of folks rrefer Sinai to the Croea. The law condemns cr«, but the Cross charras to me. The law is like tbe bulls-' ye lantern of the constable, wbioh reveals the sinner, but does not show tbe barer of the light. The gospel is like an open lantern, which is bright on al Bisse, end iJB home by the friend who will trive rest and shelter. I am not going to fi-aBh the bal s-eye lantern to-night but going to show you th« blessed gjsptl li&h;*. It is where you are, sinner, and ia borne hythe Siviour. It lights th« way to everlasting salvation. It Buits you to a very T., and it salts God, and you can be a wed to-night. Ttank God for tha\ Supposing^ you, got saved to- night, what would some people say P. What they have often said; "That fellow is off his bead." This -man. was righk-rninded, now be is iff his bead. He most have religions mania. That is what they kindly tell us, but if it be mania, i¡t is glory madness. Lots of people -think; we are affiioted with religious r-ride. But when we say we are saved we do not mean to take credit to our selyaB for some wonderful thing' we have done. It is what G >d has done. I am, like you, a Binner, but the grace of God has ooma to me and shown ma wher* the Saviour Jfesas J ii, und taught; *ne to trust Him a$d to J believe in Him. Before you, become truly religions, you most be bora again. You, most give np religion ana) take Christ. You must give tip tbe forms an*i ceremonies. We Christians are terribly ashamed of om- religion. The Mohammedan is not. At'the hour' of prayer he will pray.no matter-who is preheat. It was'the same with, the man of the Godareoes. He said to JCSUB "I'want to go with you." He had not the courage to remain. Bat the Lord said, "No.'you mrtBt stay sod confess Me." The man went home. I can imagine the home coming. The housewife, fearful of the hus- band who has ill-treated her and her children before, l-oks the, door against him, bnt she sees that the mod light is no longer in his eyes, aod she admits bim. He, who bos kioked her scores of times, kisses her. He says to his wife " See what the Lord has done for me." Salvation is there for you, You munt neyer blame God if yon pass Into hell. You will hare yourselves to blame. You might have been saved to-night. Take .the Lord] Jesus. Make him your ohoioe. Decid« for Him, and pass out of the power of hell and j Satan. May God blets you for hi« Son's nanto'« «ike. Amen. | 