SPORTING. CRICKET. INTERNATIONAL CRICKET. THE FIFTH TEST MATCH. AUSTRALIA v. ENGLAND. A RECORD ATTENDANCE. THE DECISION OF THE RUBBER. AUSTRALIA MAKES A GOOD START FOUR WICKETS FOR 282. By Telegraph. Melbourne, March 1. [FEOK OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. ] The fifth test match between Stoddart's English cricketers and Australia was commenced to-day. The match was to decide the rubber, each team having won two matches, and the excitement was unparalleled. The Melbourne Cricket Ground caretaker had provided a splendid wicket, and the day was a perfect one, being fine and cool. There was a record attendance. The toss was anxiously watched, and there was great joy and satisfaction in the Australian camp when it was known that Giffen had won. The Australians therefore decided to bat and make the most of the favorable circumstances. Bruce, the brilliant left, and H. Trott were the first to face the bowltng ot Richardson and Peel, which had the eflect of keeping down the scoring for some time, both batsmen playing cautiously. Eventually Bruce opened out, and was cutting and driving in his well known brilliant style when he put one np from Peel in the slips, which was held by McLaren. Trott in the meantime had given a chance when he had made 19. Geo Giffen joined Trott, and the score mounted slowly but surely, both " playing the game " Occasionally Trott would hit out to a loose one, and would be cheered for a boundary hit. The score hao reached the century when the cunning Lancashire man, Briggs, beat Trott, who retired for a well played 42, which took him one hour and 20 minutes to complete. Iredale joined Giffen, and he appeared well set when a fast one from Richardson scattered his timbers. 3-8-126 Giffen, who was associated by Gregory, was playing nicely when Peel beat him, and he retired for a well played 57. He never gave the ghost of a chance and was two hours and a quarter at tho wickets. With four good wiokets down for 150 things were only moderate for the Australians, but the partnership, between Gregory and Darling, put a different complexion on the game. Both men played steadly, and gave no chances. The score slowly mounted to 282 when stumps were drawn for the day, both batsman being in the seventies. Appended are the scores: AUSTRALIANS.—First Innings. Bruce, c McLaren, b Peel 22 H. Trott, b Briggs 42 Giffen, b Peel 57 Irechvle, b Richardson ... ... 8 Gregory, not out ... ... ... 70 Darling, not out ... 72 Sundries 11 Total for four wickets 282 SECOND DAYS PLAY. 