QUEER MYTHS (^V/UiJufXI. 13LXA.JJL.hJt Blackfellow Superstitions. Some Common to Britain. lenrjon to we subject of super stitions. Hexe is a remarkable ar ticle on the sub ject from tiie 'Daily News:' A recent num ber of the 'Folk- lore' quarterly proves, if it need ed urovinff. that civilisation does not destroy heathen ism. Here we fin«i -tihe natives of Suf folk, Skye, and Australia all doing the same irrational things, for the same rational reasons. Indeed, the black fellows are more rational than the white fel lows, for the latter, having lost the sense of one magical rite, practise it in the wrong way, and the Suffolk pa tient is cured by what ought to kill her. The correct and orthodox idea is that, by destroying any refuse matter which has been closely connected with a person, you destroy him. Now this superstition, it may be remarked paren thetically, is the Origin of Tidiness, and of Sanitation. The members of an Australian camp, like the Israelites in the desert, burn, bury, or otherwise 'tidy away,' all the scraps of their j feasts, and other insanitary relics, j Now the Israelites may have had sand- j tary reasons; the Australians have none, in our sense. They merely wish to prevent enemies from burning their refuse, with' magical spells, and so destroying their health. Any stray of refuse, say the bone of a kangaroo, is a 'ngadhungi;' burn your enemy's 'ngadhungi' and he dies of fever. The blacks have evolved, on these prin ciples, an early but effective system of 'blackmail,' or 'chantage.' 'I have your 'ngadhungi,' ' one speculator says to a victim. 'What will you give me j for it?' Perhaps the victim has the j other man's 'ngadhungi.' If so, they j barter. In the Banks Islands, it suf- j fiees to bum a man's hair or nail- 1 parings, when he forthwith dies. So j writes Mr. Crawley, and the belief is a case of sympathetic magic. The man is affected by the fate of a part of his person, his hair or his nails. Now in Suffolk (as Dr. Wollaston Groome shows) some benighted ones keep the rite, but have forgotten its bearings. A woman had fits, where on the local cunning man 'biled some of the old woman's nails, and some of j her hair.' This, of course, should have been the end of that old woman. The correct, practice would obviously be to burn the nails or hair of the person who had bewitched her. However, the ? remedy, though hopelessly heterodox, ! was successful. As the hair and nails 'biled,'a loud shriek was heard in the chimney, the cry of the tortured witch, and the old woman 'wer'n't niver bad no more.' In the same way, Porphyry tells us that a wizard named Alexander performed magical rites against Plotinus. But the 'medicine,' or native virtue, of Plotinus was much stronger than that of his enemy. 'At this moment,' said Plotinus, breaking off in a lecture, 'Alexander is doubled up like an empty purse.' Which, on inquiry, proved to be the case. So Alexandrian Greeks were of the same mind as the people of Suffolk to whom we have referred, and of ' the Banks Islands. There is another very close parallel. An old Suffolk woman was believed to | be a witch. The parishioners there ! fore asked Dr. Groome's father, a clergyman, to try her. The method | was to place the church key on the ? diureh Bible, to give it a twirl, and see whether it pointed at the poor old lady, who, strong in her innocence, was anxious to face the ordeal. Now a similar scheme is that of the Tartars. If property has been stolen, the Lama sits down on a bench, which rushes in the direction of the guilty. The Thibetans use a table, which rises in the air and directs the Lama to the culprit—so a Russian traveller alleges— while Africans use sticks as guides. But the nearest analogy to the church key is practised by the Australians. They tie an object belonging to a hos tile tribe to a throwing stick (used for propelling spears) and stick it upright in the ground. They then form a cir cle about it, takiug care that their shadows do not fall on it, and watch the direction in which it falls. The malefactor will be found in that direc tion. The Rev. Mr. Groome, however, declined to play the medicine man, or 'witch- smeller,' for his congregaition. As late as 1890 a witch died at Fres singfield. She had predicted that her infant grandchild would not long sur vive her, and sure enough the child did die. According to the jury, some irritant had been applied to its body, but there was no evidence te show the nature of the irritant. The bereav ed parents could only say that the child's perambulator had emitted smoke, with a strong smell of brim stone, phenomena perhaps attributable to the dead witch grandmother. The medical testimony merely pointed to the application of an unknown irritant, by a person unknown, whether the late grandmother or another there is no evi dence to show. In 1892, a child scald ed itself with soup and died, though Mrs. Brandish was sent for 'to charm the fire out of her,' exactly as the wound of Odysseus was 'charmed,' and as the soldiers wished to 'charm' the wound of Jeanne d'Arc at Orleans, which the Maid refused to allow. The correct Suffolk charm is Christianised, and runs thus: TQiere were two angels came from. tb.e north, One broughit fire, tiie other brought frost. Came out fire, go tin frost, Faither, Son, and Holy Ghost In Argyll clay figures are still made, and stuck full of pins, to destroy the health of an enemy. A rural police man buried a murdered man's shoes below high-tide mark lest his spook should come back for them, as did the lady ghost in Ludan, for one of her own gilt sandals! . Long Gaelic incan tations are used in making the 'Corp Chre' or clay puppet. Diseases are cured by a knotted thread rubbed over the afflicted person, with incantations. He expects to get.better, and does get better; but knots are also used, as by the witch in Theocritus, to cause mala dies. In one case a knock came to the door during the magical rite. That was the knock of the witch who had caused the sickness! Bernera is the scene of these Celtic performances. As in 1690, shoulderblades of sheep are still used in prophesying wed dings and funerals. 'Toothache is cured by driving a nail into the lintel of a door, and, being a nervous malady, no doubt toothache, may be healed without a dentist, by, suggestion. Other wise men on the border extract worms from the tooth by incantations! The worms were vis ible enough, in a bowl of water, but the patient said that the tooth was as bad as ever. This occurred in an edu cated family about 1850, and the me thod was precisely thait of the Austra lian black doctors. In the Lewes goats used to be sacrificed to secure good fishing, and that in the present century. Ale was also sacrificed to a sea-god called Shoni, at night while, in church, a candle burned on the altar. Black cocks are buried alive, as a cure for epilepsy. On the 'Brig o' Dread,' be tween life and death, wait a one-eyed ' dog and a one-eyed cat, which attack people who have been unkind to cats and dogs. This, at least, is a useful piece of heathenism. Useful would be the faith in 'ngadhungi' if it prevented ! tourists from leaving greasy sandwich papers on the scene of their picnics. & 'Vt J£ HE recent case /*|j| m of witch burning rani in Ireland has '/SjEg^'V called much at 