j A STRANGE COMPANION. i ' Dead men tell no tales. Humph 1 I i know better. Never believe such an. absurd assertion, madam." It was a tall, thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance ami a hat "of tho som- brero style, who made this remark to me and he came upon ine in the wood path, very much as though he had been a ghost.- - Of course, it was not consistent : with the ; laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I., scarcely think that if Mrs. Grundy herself should encounter in tho woods, between post-office arid farmhouse, a gentleman with such wild eyes, and such a curious way of. rolling them about, that she would think of anything but mollifying him. Certainly I did not. I at once agreed with the. stranger, and walked rather faster than before.. " I trust you are not afraid of ine, madam," said the stranger, noticing this latter fact. "I sincerely trust that "my abrupt address has not alarmed you. I have been, so long exiled from society that I scarcely know how to address its fair orna ments. I have no card ; no matter. You're not alarmed, madam.?" I said I was not. ' ' As I; saw. you pass the spot where I lay Under tlie trees, madam, it struck ine that you were exactly the person! desired to con fide in, I consequently hastened after yon. " Perhaps, too, I may have desired to. wain you. that if. you desire to ba rid of. a trouble some person, the very worst way is to. kill him. Shut him up if you can ; ch∈ hiin.in SQmo. black dungeon ; but don't kill him,.' If you doyou never can get rid of him again — never,.! assure- you; never. You can lock . and bar a living person, out, but dead ones come to you in your most private rooms, and stand at yonr bedside when you wake in the night, sit at your table, follow you where-' ever you go."- Here he looked- over his shoulder and I involuntarily looked over mine. "If you're jealous of anyone, - madam, don't kill.her, no, no, no ! it's very foolish.' " Nothing," I instantly agreed with him, could be more foolish than to kill anyone." And I was glad to know he held to his belief, and hoped he would continue to hold it until I reached, the farmhouse, ot the Simpkinges, " I am glad that we agree so well'," said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this rough, pathway ?" I replied in a voice that sounded to- my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek young lamib, that, if he pleased, he must ex cuse me. I was obliged to hold up my dress, - He instantly assured' me that my word: wa3 his law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very ele gant circles in which I moved," he added ; " but.since that I've become a recluse. It was ' a grand mistake. Yes yeB ; X never should have- killed him, never," . I involuntarily gave a small shriek. ; " You realize at once how very foolish it was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero ; " but, yes— I killed him. I was very fond of her. Her -name was Pamela P.eyton, an heiress — that, however was nothing to me. I loved her- for herself, and she smiled upon me nntil he came ; and he was younger, handsomer, better- than I. Ah ! yes, much better, much better-. A pat tern young man. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him ; and I — well, I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Pat terson,- I: had been called Wiid Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced 'her to send me away, I know, I know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me— poor Pamela — but I was driven away like a dog ; and I saw her walking with him, talking with him. Once, yes, once I saw him; kiss her. At that moment something happened - to my brain. I've never mentioned it to anyone, but I tell you now in confidence, E heard it snap. That is how I temporarily, lost my judgment aud killed him. Beg par don, Did I step- on your dress ?'r : " " f I said— "Oh 1 no, not all," in- a mucli meeker bleat than the previous one. \- "Yes, yes. In mv native town there is a long street-well shaded with trees, which is known as Long Road. One evening, just iD tho gleaming, I saw him walking along it.' I walked a little behind him. On his' little finger was a ring — a diamond, I knew- he had bought it for her, that he would . give it . to her that night. I began to hate hi'ni a£ I never hated him before! I began to make my grand mistake by believing that if he were dead, he would be out of my way. I carried in those days a knife. I drew it from its hiding place. It was sharp. _ It glittered in the light. I walked a little faster. I was close behind him, but I had trodden so softly that he had not heard me. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a French -love song. The knife I plunged into his back, and stopped a note in the middle and completed my mistake," - The vista of leafy shadow spread long be fore us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said ; " a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in the moonlight, and I heard him moan once- or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Then I stooped and touched him. How cold he was !:. On the little finger of the hand, that had clutched a tuft of soft spring grass in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I ruBhed away and left him- lying there. No one would ever know that I. had killed' him. Where do- you think I went madam? straight to Pamela's house. I had not been 'bore for two months, but I strode straight ast the servant and into the passage. The rindow was open. There were no lights ia -he room, but the moon: fell aoross the floor hiter and brighter thanT had1 ever seen it ofore. Near the window sat Pamela, but iefore I could speak, I saw that we were not ilone. Someone had entered at the door vith mo, and passed before me now, and sat down beside her. It was the man I had just left dying in Long Road. I saw his snany curfe, his handsome face, the ring on his little finger. I saw him take the ring off and put it on her finger, and as he turned, to do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and saw that he was white and stiff as dead'- men are. T don't know any more about it. I don'tknow what I said. There was a- trial in court, and a prison, and I- saw him lying in a coffin; and five minutes after sitting on a chair beside me. I:y8 seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. For instance, now. There he comes. Excuse- me for leaving you. I used to be called' Polite Patterson' in my youth. I know I should escort you to your door; but I .can't introduce a dead man with a -knife sticking out of his baok to you — to any lady. Adieu." To my great relief he snatclied off his sombrero, made a low bow, and dashed away into the wood's again; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all my life. In five minutes I met little Tommy Simp- kins driving home the cows, and in five minutes more, was safe within the farm- house, where I narrated my adventure. " You've hard a lucky escape;" said Mrs. Si'mpkinS- I wonder you're alive. That's the loony gentleman that lives in the hol low: He must have got away from the man that.waiches him. I believe he did- kill a young man who eut him out with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been liung, only they found he was crazy. He was in an asylnm a long while, but his folks ar6 rich, and they have him kept here now. I believe he's not dangerous, but. he's rather strange." At the time, I considered this a mild de scription of Mr. Patterson, and thanked. Heaven that I had- escaped violence at the hands of. my strange companion. 