i fA Wonderful Woman. \ CHATTER XVIT. POOR KATHERINE ! I; Kenry ! wood 0Hcavcn ! ' Women have been driven' to their death bciore now by men — girls have committed suicide for less than she has undergone. It is not those who make most' outcry over their troubles who leel them deppest. What has she been left to live for — robbed of all at one blow ?' ' And' my opinion is, she has done nothing of.the sort!' curtly interposed Dr. Graves. ' Only arrant cowards commit suicide; and whatever bloods flows in Miss Dat'.gerfield's veins, there is not one drop of the coward in it.' ); -As he uttered the last emphatic words, | there came a knock at the front door. What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional bound. He threw it open and— yes — there, in the 'spectral, wintry dusk before him stood the tall, slender, sombre figure — its black robes, its white face, and great solemn eyes — there stood Katharine Dangerfield 1 He could not speak a word; the unutterable relief of seeing her alive and there foa a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that faint, sweet voice that haunted .Htn for ever after bis life long. 1 ' May I come in ? It is very cold, and I want to see him.' There was something so forlorn n her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plain tive tone — something so like a spirit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before him alive, but surely death was pictured onyher face, 'Come in, please,' he said, simply ; and she glided past him along the lobby and into the presence of the other two. i . ' My child — my child !' Mrs, Otis said,, with a motherly cry ;' thank Heaven ypu are alive, and have come to us. Sit- down ; let me I warm your hands — poor, little, frozen hands. Oh, my child, what a fright you have given us all ! Where in the wojld have you been ?, Kathcrine sank wearily down in the chair, and let her hands lie in the elder woman's warm clasp. ' I have been with Hannah,' she ans wered, slowly ;' at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse. And to-morrow I leave Castle- ford, and I could not go, you know, with out' seeing Gaston.' Her voice died drowsily away, her head dropped lagainst the back of the chair, her eye lids fell heavily. The three about her looked in 'one another's startled faces in dead silence. What did this "mean ? 'My child — Miss Dangerfield !' Mrs. Otis murmured. ' Oh, look up ; Jon't lie like that, Miss Katherine ! Miss Kathe- ' rjne !' ' Yes, papa,' drowsily ;' but I am so sleepy, and I don't want to get up to breakfast yet. Has Gaston come ? It is cold tor him to ride from Castleford o- night— and he hates the cold — poor Graston. Call me when he cotnes, papa — I want to sleep now.' Her eyes closed heavly again — her njiocLfWas wandering. Her troubles had been too much for her then after all, and had turned her brain. Dr. Graves, bent oveirher, and shook her . slightly. ' Katherine — Katherine !' he called ' Rouse up ! Gaston has come — Gaston is here !' She sat up and gazed at him, a bewild ered look in hei eyes, 'Who calls ?' she asked. ' Oh, Dr. Graves, is it you ? Where am I ? Is papa ill again ? Why, this isr't' -She looked around, and memory seemed slowly struggling back. ' Yes, I know now — ' this is Mr. Otis' house. Gaston is here She rose up suddenly, fully herself. ' am going away, and! want to see Gaston' How h he to-night, Mr. Otis ?' ' ' Much as he has been irom the first Miss Dangerfield — little better, little worse.' ' But he will not die? Mr. Otis, you told me he would not die !' ' I think he will not. I have seen worse cases recover. It is a sort of concussion of the brain. He does not suffer — or, at least, is conscious of no sufiferin .' ' May I see him at once now — and alone? I don't know when I may see him again ; and, Mr. Otis, you have been so kind, will you take care of him for me until he is quite well again? I can't pay you now — I am poor — but some day, if I live, I will.' ' I need no pay. For your sake. Miss Dangerfield, I will care for him gladly I would cherish a dog that had been' yours.' She held out her hand to him with the bright old grace. ' Thank you. I knew I might trust you. I must go before it gets too late. Please take me to him at once.' He led her to the chamber door, white cold, and motionless, in the fast-fading day- light, Gaston Danlree lay. She had not sesn him since that fatal wedding night, and now she saw him again — thus. She stood an instant ; then she entered and closed the door. They heard the soft rustle of her sillc dress as she knelt by the bedside, then silence fell. No one spoke. The moments passed ; the night had entirely closed in ; the wind howled through the desolate churchyard, whose ghastly gravestones could be dim ly seen glancing in the darkness. A hushed expectation held them — of what they knew not — a strange prophetic sort of awe. Mrs. Otis was the first to move. The clock on the mantelpiece struck six ; she turned softly and lighted the lamp, then stood waiting again. Five minutes — ten — no sign, no sound from that inner room.- Fifteen—twenty — the two men look-' 'TTclf other un- V.J... At - — - - — easily- Twenty five — thirty. Then Dr. Graves spoke. ' She has been there long enough. It- is no place for her in her present state. Mis. Otis, do you go and ask her to come out.' The little widow, full of foreboding, walked softly to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap, louder ; still no reply. A third rap— loudly this time, but the only answer profoundest silence. ' Miss Katherine,' she called, ' may I enter?' Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, and recoiled, with a cry. ' Henry, the child has fallen , she has fainted 1' Henry Otis was in the room before the wor&s; were spoken. Katheaine was lying on her face on the floor by the bed side, where she had softly fallen. In one second she was uplifted in Henry Otis' arms and borne out into the light. Her head fell limp over his arm, her eyes were closed, her features rigid. He laid her upon a sofa— the two doctors bent over her — one with his hand over her heart, the other on her pulse. The heart lay still, the pulse beat no longer. Rigid, white, stprk, she lay. ' Oh, Henry, speak!' his mother cried. ' Dr. Graves, tell me, has she fainted?' The elder doctor removed his hand fiom her heart, anG stood up rather pale himself in the lamp-light. 'Something worse than a faint, madam,' replied Dr. Graves. 'Leave us, Mrs. Otis, and? your son, Henry, and I will see to her.' Sir Peter Dangerfield sat alone in the library of Scarswood ; the silken curtains were drawn ; fii slight and lamp-light made the room brilliant; his purple easy chair was drawn up befoie a writing- table littered with deeds and documents, and Sir Peter, in gold-bowed spe:tacles, was trying to read. Trying — not reading. For between him and the parchment page a face, menacing and terrible, kept com ing — the free of Katherine as he had seen her last. Where was Katherine? Dead or alive, she had sworn to be revenged. Was she dead? He shuddered through all his little craven soul and heart at the thought. Men had looked at hiir. darkly and as kance all day, |and turned coldly away from him while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What if while he sat here in this warm, lighted, luxur ious room, she lay stark and frozen under the stars — dead by her own hand! There was a tall, smoke- coloured bottle on another table, with glasses. He was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness, but he sprang up now with a mut tered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. Suddenly there was a knock at the room door ; .and Da. Graves was an nounced. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat ;in hand, very pale and solemn of visag , stood before him. News of Katherine at last. He grasped the back of his chair with one hand, and faced his visitor almost defiantly, as one who should say, ' Whatever has happened, I at least have nad nothing to do with it.' . ' Well, sir?' he demanded. ' Sir Peter Dangerfield, I bring news of — of Katherine- She is found.' The little baronet's heart gave a great leap. Found! Then she had not com mitted suicide? ' Ah!' he said, with a look of sulky in jury, ' I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of girl to take poison or throw herself into the nearest stream. So she's found, is she? Perhaps she is going to turn romantic sicknune to her wound ed cavalier, and end by getting him to marry.' ' Stap, Sir Peter Dangerfi.4'd,' the old doctor said, hoarsely ; 'not another word Katherine Dangerfield will never marry Gaston Dantree or any other mortal man. She is dead.' ' Dead.' Sir Peter leaped from his chair as though he had been stabbed. ' Dead, Doctor Graves. Good Heaven. I thought you said — I thought' His white lips refused to finish the sentence; he stood staring with honor- struck eyes at the elder man. 'Yes, Sir Peter — dead. Of heart disease, no doubt, latent and unsuspected.' And then the old doctor's voice broke, and he turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fire. Dead silence fell. The clock ticked, the cinders dropped. Dr. Graves looked fixedly into the ruddy coals, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to look at. ' Dead or alive, I will be revenged.' The horrible words rang in his ear like his own death-knell. Greater and wiser than poor Sir Peter Dangerfield have devoutly be lieved in ghosts ; he was superstitious to the core. And Katherine was dead — dead — dead. Great heavy drops stood on his pinched, pallid facei and his voice was husky as he spoke : Dr. Graves, there must be some mis take here — there must. She couldn't die in that way — it is too horrible — and she was so young — and so strong — never ill a day in her life.' ' Sir Peter,' the old physician said quietly, ' I am sixty-fivejyears of age, and for the past forty years I have seen death in all its phases — lingering and instantan eous. And I tell you she is dead. But we will go to het. She is at Mrs. Otis's, and you can convince yourself with your own eyes.' But still. -.Sir; Peter would not be con vinced — aiould not, could not ' make her dead.' He hurried from the room, chang ed his dress, ordered round his horse, and in fifteen minutes the two men we're gal loping full speed through the keen frosty air towards Castleford. The town lay hushed and dark when they rode into it— it was close upon eleven now. Neither spoke a word; the breathless pace did not admit of talk; The/ reached Mr. Otis's house— its whole front lighted, and figures flitting rapidly to and fro; and Peter' Danger-' field's heart, 'under his riding-coat, ; was throbbing so rapidl/, he turned skk'afui reeled dizzily for an. instant, as he sprang from the saudle.Thc next he rallied, and followed his leader in. On the s0fa in the sitting-room, where they had fipgfy placed her, Katherine still lay. Thej had removed her hat and cloak, and loosened 'all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal of eternal sleen had tallen. They had closed her eyes and folded the pulseless hands, . and caimiy ( as though sleeping, and.fairer than ever in l'fe, she lay. The haggard j look had all gone, and a great calm iay up<?n it. So Peter Dangerfield saw her again. There were three persons in the room, Beside Mr. Otis and his mother, the old ex-Indian nurse from Bracken Hollo" , sad, gaunt, and grey, sat close by h. r nurseling, swaying ceaselessly to and fro, 'andjuttering a sort ol moaning cry, like a dumb creature in pain. She lifted her inflamed eyes an.l fixed them with savage hatred upon the pallid face ot the baronet. 'Ay,' she said, bitterly, youve a fine gentleman now, Peter Dangerfield, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork, but you're her murderer. The law won't hang'you, I suppose; but it has hung men who deserved it les<.' He turned his tortured fase towards her, quite horrible to see in its fear and ghastliness. 'For Heavens sake, hush ! he said. I never meant this ! I never thought she would die. I would give all I am worth to bring her back to life.' ' Liar,' old Hannah cried, towerinfi up and confronting him; ' double liar and coward. 11 Who refused her dying father's request?— who offered her the deadliest and most dastardly insult it is possible for man to offer a woman ? And you say you are sorry. I wonder that, dead as she lies there before you. Henry Otis, this is your house, and she thought you her Iriend. Show yourself her friend now, an J. turn her murderer out! ' Hannah, Hannah, hush,' interrupted Mr. Otis, scandalized and alarmed. ' Hannah is right, mother,' said Henry ' and he shall go. Leave this house, Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never set foot across a threshold of mine again. She turned to me inher trouble, she came to me inher dark hour, and she is mine now — mine. Go — you coward, you lobber and insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more.' The fiery words scourged Jthe baronet, averted faces met him on every side. And calm and white, Katherine lay before.. him, with closed eyes and folded hands most awful of all. Without a woid he slunk away like a whipped hound, and presently the door closed upon him, and he stood alone under the black winter night. Alone. Would he ever be alone again ?. Sleeping and walking, would not that terrible, wlnte, fixed face pursue him ? 'Dead, I will comeback from the grave, if the dead can.' Would-the words she had spoken, the dreadful wordsLe had laugh- ee at once, ever cease to ring in his ears now ? Would they not haunt him until they drove him mad ? Sir Peter Dangerfield rode home. Home. What was Scarswood better than a haunted house now? He shut himself up in his library, lighted the room to viore than the brilliancy of day, lo:ked the door seized the brandy(bottle, and deliberately dranx himself into a state of beastly stupor When morning dawned Sir Peter, lying on the hearthrug, was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, drunken sleep. And Katherine Dangerfield was dead. The papers recorded it, the town of Cas tleford rang with it — the whole neigh bourhood was utterly shocked. That little house of Mrs. Otis on the outskirts of Castleford awoke and found itself famous. Crowds .flocked thither all day on foot and in carriages, poor and rich, to make inquiries. And so the tragedy of Scarswood ended thus. Sir John Dan gerfield lay in his tomb ; Gaston Dantree, the brilliant adventurer, lay in his dark ened room, hovering between life and death ; and Katherine, so bright, so dash ing, so full of life and hope, and love, and, happiness, only a few brief weeks ago lay here— like this. ' In the midst of life we are in death.' Everybody shook their heads and quoted that. All who had ever known her bowed down now in reverence before the sloemn wonder of the winding sheet. People came forward — two or three of the county families, the Talbots at their head — and offered to take the body and have the obsequies of appropriate gran deur. But Henry Otis set those resolute lips of his, and doggedly refused. ' It was to me she came in her trooble,' he answered. ' not to you. No man alive has a better right or a stronger claim now than I , and I'll never give her up. She refused all your aid alive, she shall not seek it dead. From my house she goes to yonder church yard. I will give her up to none of you.' Meanwhile the feeling against the new baronet ran very high and bitter. No one Lut.old Hannah knew cf the terrible insult of that other night, but everybody suspected foul play. He made no appearance among them, but shut himself up in his gloomy mansion, and drowned thought in drink. (To be continued.) 