Cije liaptur&allcralTr; FRIDAY, JiJIffl 7, 1895. THE PASTORAL QUESTION. The discussion on pastoral legis lation which has arisen between Sir Jenkin Coles and the Hon. John Warren has something of the personal element about it, but it has, neverthe less, brought to "light both 6ides of pastoral life, botlj.,111 its political and private finaneial'asppcts. The uncon cern which the electors of Light have in the personal feelings, or ulterior motives whieh may influence either gentlemen respecting their theme of discussion, is more than counter balanced by the enlightenment which the public have had bv the addresses of the champion of either Bide. We personally care nothing for the dis puted point as to who was the original aggressor in the dispute which led up to Kapunda being the locality for a wordy pitched battle on the rights and wrongs of the much-abused squatter, nor with the good taste or otherwise of Sir Jenkin Coles in illustrating Mr. Warren's own experience of pastoral legislation as an argument in favor of his contention for extreme caution being observed in future dealings with pastoral lands ; but it must be said that Mr. Warren's indignant resent ment of the application of the illus tration must be taken as a confession that it was'too clenching, seeing that, though he must have been conversant with all details, he failed to refute any thing Sir Jenkin ■ said respecting it. There is no doubt that the tactics of Sir Jenkin were exceedingly unhappv for Mr. Warren, as to fairly meet the statements of Sir Jenkin it became necessary that strictly private affairs \- should be divulged to a public audience, and that Sir. Warren refrained from doing. Of course, whether it would have, in any degree; alterpd the com plexion of Sir " Jenkin's contentions must be open to question. If Mr.! Warren failed to,combat the state-j ments made by Sir Jenlcin Coles in his i address to the House of Assembly last ] session, in his letter to the Register, and in his address to the electors of Light on April 29 last, and to an unprejudiced mind he cannot be said to have succeeded, be has made a verv valuable addendum to Sir Jenkin's speech reviewing the pastoral settle ment and legislation from the earliest days to the end of last year. Sir Jenkin gave us the successes and con cessionary legislation which the pastoralists have enjoyed, and Mr. Warren has shown us the necessity there was for any concessions which the squatters have received, and illus trated the baneful effects of the legis lation which these concessionarv measures had to supplant and remedy. The difference between the two gentle men is in the deductions drawn from the facts at their command. Properly interwoven, the two speeches form a valuable and interesting record of pastoral settlement in South Australia. ; And besides the evanescent interest which the dehate provoked on the part of many persons, that is the real worth of the discussion. There is a deal of truth in the eaying that convince a man against his will he is of the same opinion still. No doubt Mr. Warren and his friends of similar views honestly believe that they have, as worthy colonists, beeu grossly maligned and cruelly treated by members of Parlia ment and the public, and the other side must certainly be credited with equal honesty of belief and purpose. There is much to be said on both sides. Pastoralists are not so fortunate now as they were in the early days. The r constant extension of population has driven them into the nvre arid portions of the colony, where droughts and vermin are the dread of their lives. The great bulk of the country now in the hands of pastoralists is fit for nothing else but sheep runs, and in many cases barelv fit for that purpose, and now that woo! and slock have con siderably receded in value there is no doubt that the occupation is verv precarious. As Sir Jenkin put it squatters are suffering in common with all other indue tries, and lie rightly asks is that any reason why conces sions should be granted to-them when the money has practically to come out of the pockets of the general taipayer? This fact he asserts, is the basis of his action. In the pant, it is admitted, many concessions hare been granted to the squatters, but the time has arrived uheu they should cease, or, at any rate, be made only after the most careful consideration. On the other hand, the production of wool is one of °"r staple industries, and every reason aMe., course should" be adopted" fo encourage it. If the squattersare compelled to throw up their country and relinquish their avocation, the colony will undoubtedly be the loser. Thegeneral revenue will suffer, severely both directly and indirectly. The revenue, firoui the carriage of stock, wool, &c.;, will decrease and hundreds of .men will be thrown out of employ ment. . Such a culmination - would, mean the loss of a very large, sum. of money to the colony every year m the form of proceeds of the sale of wool in . foreign, markets, in 'addition to the direct loss to the revenue. 'The views of-Sir Jenkin- and Mr. Warren require to be considered side by side to arrive at-a Draper understanding of the difficulty and for the selection of a suitable remedy.-.. Squatters have always been regarded as a eurse to the country. But why, has never vet been given a satisfactory answer. Without necessarily endorsing the views of Mr. Warren or disputing the position taken by Sir Jenkin, the industry desprves, and should have, every legitimate encouragment given to it. And, indeed, should all other industries. But, whatever is done should he on proper business lines and without injustice to the taxpayers. Assistance given to one portion of t^ie community may be some temporary loss to another, but if it means a more than corres ponding benefit in the future, the end would justify the means. Both sides of the question have now been nut directly before the country, and the taxpayers have a better opportunity of forming their own conclusions. : Opening of Paeliament.—The third ; session of the fourteenth Parliament was ' opened yesterday by the Lieutenant- J Governor with fc"he usual ceremonies. I JTapunda Hospital.—The secretary re- ' ports as follows for the weet endino June 5th, 1895— Admitted. 2dis" ! charged, 1; disd, 0; remaining in Hospital 14\. I Medical Changes.—Dr. Minchin, who succeeded Dr. A. H. Bennett in practice with Or. E. McM. Glynn in January, has removed to Wallaroo. His place has been taken by Dr. Proctor, from Happy Valley. Eudunda Hoese-stealing Case —We learn from Mr. A. J. Foster, solicitor, who was retained for the defendant, that the Crown has withdrawn the indictment filed against Alfred James Byrne, who was com mitted for horse-stealing by the Eudunda Court recently. Xapit-vda School of Mixes and Indus tries.—The monthly meeting of the council of the Kapunda School of Mines and Indus tries was held on Monday evening last. Present—Messrs. A. Palmer, J.P. (presi dent), W. Stock, W. Flavel, J.P., A. Leslie, R-Uees, T. D. Nock, and B. E. Banver. It was resolved to ask Mr. J. Pellew to audit the accounts of the school for the financial y.->-ir ending on Tu-i-> 31 Mr. T. 1). Tfn-.k wis unanimously elected ho'i. .se-rvtary. liie president an J Mr. Banyer were deputed to carry out the preliminary arrangements for an examination for South Kensington certificates. " op Frnirwooo.—A short time avo Sir Jonlcin Coles and Mr. J. W. AVIiite presented a memorial from the residents of Ebn. as'jing for a reduction on the rate of carriage on firewood. The Eailway Oom I i.'ii.=«:ion<'r'.s reply is as follows:—"lieferri'ig [ to yc uv letter of the 25th ultimo, enclosing a Mterfn>m Mr. French,of Eba. requesting k that a redaction might be made in the f present rates for the carriage of firewood, I have to as=ure yon, the subject having been carefully considered, I do not find myself in a nosition to take action in that direction. There can be no doubt that the firewood tiaffic is one of the most unremu nerative we handle in consequence of the large empty mileage which is a necessity, and the present is hardly a time to make a reduction in the already low rate.—Tours, &c..; .A LAN" G-. Pendleton." The Pastoral Question.—The Hon. John "Warren, M.L.C., addressed a large meeting of electors and others at the ' Kapunda Institute on Friday evening last on pisforal matters, iu repl.y to the address delivered by Sir Jenkin Coles on April 29 last. The audience was very attentive, except for the interjections of one person, ' whos** removal the chairman suggestsd sin mid be put in operation. Mr. Warren snoUe for over two hours, and at the c.ir clusion ot his remarks Sir Jenkin filled up the tine to about 11 oVlnck. The hii.1i.»n.-', liou-uvur, appeared to have had | P"itty well RnoiiiT1! at the conclusion of "Mr. I Warren's remarks, and the constant den.ir. ' tures had made the audience very peiwp- ! tilily less by the time the vote of thauks 1 was accorded the chairman and Mr. Warren v."*iv*h was prnnnwl by Sir .Tonkin Oles i during a general effort to get home. The report of the meeting will be found else where. John L. Sullivan- Making Himself Useful.—John L. Sullivan, the ex-pugilist, tried to save a woman's life at Boston on the afternoon of April 21 (says the New York Sun), and in doing so was badly bui-ned. He was staying with friends a.t 51 Dover-street. The conk. Mrs. Margaret Donuelly, in some way set fire to her cloth ing while working about the kitchen *teve Her shrieks call those in the house to the ; room. ^ Sullivan looked about, for some tbingin which to wrap the woman, but, finding nothing, endeavored to extinguish the blaze with his hands. .After unusual efforts he was able to do so. but his hands and arms were very badly burned and his fac? uas scorched. Mrs. Donnelly was sent to the City Hospital, where she di^d about : midnight. Sullivan was put to bed in the house where he was staying, and a phvsician ' was called to dress his wounds. It will bff : several days before he gets well. j " Ghost" Scakek.—During the past fort night rumors have bpen rife of the vagaries of a " ghost." in various parts of Kapunda. Females were said to have heen accosted, "theghost" throwing his hands above his head and passing on or gently touching the person and then vanishing. A well! kcown justice of the pda.ee was reported up l have had a visitation odp evening from "the ghost."hiit we are in a position to state that "the ghost" had either hotter sense than to interfere with one of her Majesty's magistrates or some one must have had a nightmare or some- other unpleasant experience of the imagination. The rumors became so general that the police made enquiries in several cases with the result that the report was absolutely imaginary or was based upon some trivial | occurrence. For the benefit of nervous ! females we are pleased to be able to say that itapunda has not a ghostly inhabitant at present, and that therefore there is no truth in the report that it—we use the . neuter gender advisedly—has been arrested j by the police forhaving no visible means j of support." 