SThey. Sayi An open column. Comment must be fair . and withb6ut malice. ' he Editor not' r: :espoinsible for opinions expressed ] Things must be looking up in Bruniswick when H. T. and F. B. smoke cigars on Sunday. Oily Gammon says weather permitt ing and' in good health he will meet' Lord Brassey when he arrives. Thait J.,M: of Campbellfield is always on Sydney-road looking for L. S. No' good, Jack; she's gone. Joe; Kilby has got a leg in for the big sweep, got to get the right leg in yet .There is a youth named Butchers. ':n'd he's an avful mug, tie's got a nose as long as a pig. :And a mouth as wide as a jug.,.:,. A? you. ride-upon the tram-car. _'-' You will see him in the street; .i, -Ti'ying to mash every little girl, ., ,That-he does-chance to-meet: ' What price Hec R. taking the :star gazeiif.tothe dance. in .the Royal's there is a red liotl cheat, - And Bendy's that cheat's name, Who not wanting-'the Royals to get beat;-. i Sldi"'t.:as I'm umpire I'll win them .the gatne; ' So. he gave two men out leg before, Anti .wouldn't no lball Wakie when he did throw,, But the.Bel's kitcked him effand woni't .,stahd him no more, ? . For the game from shinty they are sute he don't know. Wanted,--Young lady .with hair, eyes and skin. to match,. (brown), view to matrimony. Apply D., ,W. of ,Goburg ... . ..: - 'Allan 'R was ,a bit narked last Shn day-Mhen 'he found that his ma could hndt spare the half-crown. If Scotty would look after his own bisiness as much as other people'sa he would'do. ' I wialked along the street one day,-~. ý'r Andgwhat do you think I saw,' A little boy with a hat so gay, Cpdfimpletely made ol straw, His collar is so spottlessly white' 'An'd.so are his pretty shaped harids:, Buit oh he does look such a fright, tHis collar, see how high it stands, . 'Somiesay it is quite fourteen feet, But-I'm afraid dear Frank'it's more,i Why, my " dear little toff," you will beat :Lord Brassey'whose neck is quitesore,' So FHankie darling never mind, You-are " the prettiest boy" I see, -And the girls are so very kind. -As to call you their " little doggie." 'G'orge'the liutcher's driver does not know'where he is with his young horse down East. H. S. looked very lonely at the Town'Hall Social on his own. Must have lost his'donah. Cheer up Hughie. .Vho is the young-man at Campbellfield "that cried like a two year old kid when :his young girl weiit to East. W o is i ti? young man tlat can't take his girl no.farther than the gas-box. W ...ho is the old man that says Willey is going to play with the next Australian Eleven. Take a pill, "Oily Gammon." '"[That Freddie is getting a safety 'irade' for two. Must be hard up if he can't raise a better girl than L. S. for ,help . Surgeon D. of West Brunswick oughlt to take a packet of salts to re move his corporation, as tent making will not do it. .Dancing: dolly of the dairy kids herself she can dance, but no one 'else does. She is as awkward assa pig in a'sack. . .,;,E.. S. is battling hard to get a cricket club up rotnd West Brunswick. ,Nothing was beard of him while P. IM. ' w~b up the country. i Who are the three young girls froni t': tf Wesleyan Sun'day school' who were amusing themselves down at the SZoo, laughing at all the boys that .passed them. Surely not J. F., .L. ,C. and E: L. .. Who was the boy that 'ode' his bicycle'over the stone across Merri ,creek-instead of crossing the, bridge. S,,,urely not 'the Clifton' Hill ' Iron nmonger. - , SFrank F. of Coburg will get sea sick smoking his pipe. S; M. of Moreland is struck on Fly catcher now. Hard luck C. Whyi is C. S. trying to get a bov like a man' seekihg to make his fortune in ,, day. Because she has not a ghost f,ofa chance of doing so. W"ii. :T. is going to get a clearance and play with the Hanover must know ,omesinsbg. (So says Hutchie.) - SSco~ltbhas started at the mill; if he putias-ina-week without killing himself the pu?sr will be surp!rised. .Do 'ydu knodw Richard C. H i eis always after Maggie D. Youi should see him up the street , Caritrying'her bread and meat. SBe'rtie M. says he is full up of that g ieasy:shop. The Trinity seconds say they have -thebestboys team in Coburg. Dicun, "!'hd'Weisley seconds were ivet oh "' ge R. thinks- he knows more abopt cards than anyone else in the Boothie got squirted with milk on YuWednesday . - cojl is too proud to ride with lubie a push. ...- Millie, give us more of that beauti ful tennis playiag; we nearly died 'llitighiigat the style. " oid said he was going to have a sh0t t the next spbrts, dicun. Try ,"ihiiad at yachting, Biassey., The Sprig thinks he is about feathered now :and he has started a "mikie. ,Dicun.. : -i Tramway's captain thought he was going to smash some of the Scotch tb•ueh-windoiws on Satuiday. , is?lWhatprice young .un :in his slacks. What price Copper and -Miss,,S. eveiy morning. He will cop(er) hid ing-when pa finds out. L.C:. offered to have a rounýd ut' of anyone - who put her name in print. Look out Fatly. B. W! Who was the girl that was trying to 'show herself by standing in the window. Surely not Dotty. With view to matrimony.-Un dressed kids only 216. But the ad vertiser forgot to add that they were in the glove department.' 'My). Muvver says she will use my chin for a yard broom if I don't get a shave : r ' . ': :' ' SPrim says that if lie geis the sack at K and M's he can' easily 'et a-job at the:model."': j Where was Frank lF.s pipe taking him ,to .,on Saturday. Surely not Camberwell .., "iPorky' had-rbetter mind the barber or'hewill go for him ,with his razor. Frank F. was found in possession !of two dangerous weapons viz :-A :pipe and a cake of Havelock. The latest addition to the pipe and Brassey collar is Frank F. Frank F. says hd will deal out biff if his name is in They Say. Look out young 'un. J.-C. and Sally were at church last Sunday. When. are they going again. Willie says he is the pet of Fitzroy, because he combs his mop 6 times a day. , . , .. Floater says he will lead his men to vic:ory in their competition. ' 'Grinny is still ringing the Bell up Bell-street. iMind her dad. my boy. Bentley has gone to graft at ink slingin~i; that is how he makes!up They Says. * I'll tell the boss. SWho was ihe noisy youth behind the sticks last Saturday fcr the Trinity C. C. Surely not E. C.' .Billy W. 'ought to have been an artist or signwriter instead of a butcher. But dicun to tan boots Willie. iWhat is the attraction for Lewis D. in the lolly.shop. ::. Since Jack C. cut off his mo on Sunday night he don't know where he are.:;Don't trouble Johnnie,. it will all.come back again. A grinning way, an ugly smile, Dress so neat yet quite in style, Merry chaff your time to wile Has little Maggie D. Her feet are small yet neat and clean And you can bet the household queen Is little Maggie D. I CHORUS.., She is my sweetheart, I am her chick She is my Maggie, I am her Dick.,.i, Soon we'll many never to part,. Little Maggie D. is my sweetheart. SStump L. must have been wet, onp Saturday because he was:not captain of the 'Wicks. . .. , . : I wonder is Jacob speaking to the push since he got his new hat. : :, Who was the little girl in red fthat was seen down Belfast road with glasses on. Surely not Ada H. Chrissie H. does not wear the Blyth .tre.?t ,roompa?th-itt ,i3 i strce iha w iaw. her name in print. P. W. is "the biggest kidder in Brunswick. Who is: the lady. in Beath-street that would not pay for the bedstead. I :Who is .the young ,man living in Brunswick-road that says he got his fair curls cut to stuff a pillow. Surely nqt;J.iH. - . Who was the boy that got his ear pulled for singing the Kiel's-row in the train. ' The Tramway captain was flogging Saturday.' 'Jew. W. made a pair of spectacles Saturda.;against Bell Park. SJew?y and Sprig are after Tasty. Dicunt . . .Father F. sayshe is going to give a. pair, of:,boots to the boys race, ,(November .gth.) . Wimmer F. says he is a dead nut for the Tramways batting average. '" Bot ifly sys no flys lob on him, he is now driving a butcher's cart. 'Bot says he'is fit for a'century. A. G. is wild because her name ap peared in They Say. Tis seven o'clock at evening, All from the train do wend, When hist; for S. F. Is coming round the bend. He is an awful toffy bloke A lardy dah you know, , With a collar round about his ears,, As though hung out for show. ' You'd think to hear him talking: He dined on raspberry jam Instead of which. I am.sure. he's fed, On twice boiled. mutton ham. . - He kids himself at running, But it quite a,joke to see, S. M. F.. alias Lord Brassey Run to mee;,:.,Sweet Marie." Jess has got a job firing up'orni saveloy cart. Who is the chap that is going to throw up his lary ways for N. J. Janet is glad that nobody is making a fool of her by putting ridiculous things in the Medinm about her and her boy. Star of Park'want to know whether Mac lives in . Moreland Grove Park ville or Carlton. , Who said:.' Do you love me Gertie." Oh I sayGert, (Rats.) Tracker says the South Brunswick can't lose the cup.' Who are the two 'young ladies that: say Brunswick boys are too common and giddy for them. Surely not: Nellie and Lena. . 'Who is the brick carter who-took the two prepossessing young ladies to the, Thursday assembly. SSrely not Bandy Dick. Who are the two girls that came to Brunswick last Saturday with the two actor blokes. That Grinny the goat and Bentley the sheep had better look out or they will get destroyed by the Wolf.. Trinnic must spend some'time in curlinig his hair and.sewriting 'They Says . . : : ... . . : E. W. the red headed lad was a hit mixed last Saturday night.; 