SPORTING. ht ' AUQUd 8 UB03T. ' Events to Gome. February 5 and 6. 1895. Murrumhurrah Turf Club Races. FEBBUAB7 13 AND 14, 1895. Cootamnndra Turf Cluo. Fkbeuarv 20 akd 21, 1895. Junee Racing Club Ba »s. FEBB(7ABF 27 AKD 28. Temors Racing Club Banes. FEBRUARY 28 AND MaBCH 1. Tumnt Jookey Clnli Baoes. March, 7 and 8. Gundagai Racing Club Bases. March, 12 akd 13. Young Jookey Club Baoes. Maboh, 18 and 19. Albury Baaing Olnb Baoes. MABOH. 21 and 22. Wyaloog Racing Club Baoes. Mat, 1 abb 2. Narandera Turf Club Races, A meeting of the committee of the Nar andera Turf Club was held on Wednesday afternoon at Royal Mail Hotel (Tattersall's), Mr J. F. Willans presided and the following were also present : Messrs Cohen, Thompson, Gough, Graham, Wise, Huie, Budd, Abra hams, Lincoln, Higgins, H. Culiey. The Sum- of five guineas was received from the Half-Holiday Association for the use of the Course on Monday, January 28. A letter which was received from the Pony Club but not read was on the motion of Mr*Cohen, seconded by Mr Wise, allowed to stand ever until theinext meeting for f nrther considera tion. The appointment of secretary was considered, when it was agreed on the motion of Mr -Cohen, seconded by Mr Thompson, that Mr Willans invite Mr Tingcombe to fill the post gratuitously, and in the event of bis declining then to invite applicants who should state salary required. Mr Linooln moved and Mr Go'ugh seconded that the annual races be held on Wednesday and Thursday, May 1 and 2, respectively, Mr Culiey, seconded by Mr Higgins carried a motion tnat the prize money be £400, and that Messrs Gough, Cohen, Huie and Willans be a sub-oommittee to draft out a p ogramine which is to be submitted at the next general meeting of the committee. Mr Abrahams moved and it ,was seconded by Mr Lincoln ana carried mar, .Messrs uougn, Higgins, and Graham be on the works committee for the year. On the motion of Mr Abrahams, seconded' by Mr Lincoln it was decided to donate £2 2s to the .funds of the HalfHoli day Association. On the proposition of Mi nnie, seconded, by Mr Abrahams, Messrs Willans, Cohen, and Budd were appointed a, sub-committee to fix a scale of charges for the use of the course. Mr Culiey proposed and Mr Budd seconded that Mr Huie in quire upon what terms the starting machine could be obtained, and that he report to the next committee meeting. The committee then adjourned to February, 12 at noon. Why the N.T.C. advertise for a secretary when they can secure the services of a man like Mr H. C, Tingcombe, I cannot under stand, especially when it is borne in mind that tie has in the past, done yeoman service for the club. Then again, if the. committee think that the position should be left open to all, they .should have stipulated the amount' they were willing to give; instead of as at present allowing the candidates to fix' their oi^fi salary. One thing is certain, and that is, the committee should get the man most capable of performing the duties, and I am sure that if a ballot of members were taken to-morrow that their choice would be Mr Tingcombe. ? . Carbine, the famous son of Musket — Mersey, hasbeensoldto cheUuke of Portland for 13.000 guineas, which is by far the- big gest sum ever paid for a horse in Australia. Nordenfeldt when sold in Auokknd to Mr 8\. Hordern brought 5,600 guineas, and that price is the next highest given for an Aus tralian bred horse. Carbine was bred at Sylvia Park, Auckland, by the New Zealand Stud Company, and was bought as a yearling by Mr D. O'Brien for 640 guineas. He won duriner his racing career £29,476, including the Melbourne Cup of £10,000. Wallace, by Carbine — Melodious, is ' favorite for the V.R.C. Derby at 3 to 1. . The last two Cootamundra Cups have been won by daughters of Sunrise — Roseneath, Moss Rose and Roseleaf, and it should not be forgotten that a three quarter sister to this pair, Silver Rose, still remains in, and . is going well on our local heath. The v.B.C have refused to remove the disqualification of Islander, who was sen tenced to life at Caulfield on January, 1893. It is stated that Highborn broke down badly in the, Viceroy's Cup, and. that the black son of Grandmaster will now be pen sioned off. ; . : The Kirkham-bred Arquebus has won a big stake for his owner in South Africa. The race was the Summer Cup, of 45 sovs, with 600 sovs aided. Tetrarch, an English horse, was favorite, and ran second. It. is said that Messrs Wioke and Francis, the owners of Arquebus, won £20,000 over the race. The Wagga pony Pickles won the Trial Stakes at Epsom on Tuesday last, carrying 7-3, carving out the five furlongs in lmiu. ? 3£secs. Rosy Morn, his stable companion, finished second. White Eye won the Anniversary Haudi oap at Deniliinun, Mystery the Trot, Hour Me the Ladies' Purse, La Gloria the A.L.C. ? Handicap, Sunshower being second. The annual racf meeting of the Albury ? Racing Club has been fixed to take plaoe on Monday and Tuesday, March 18 and 19. Raillery, by her Win at Yass, will have to carry a 71b penalty in the Hurdle Race at Cootamuudra. - - The Wagga sportsman, Mr J. J. M'Grath, has purchased the well-known stallion, In vermay. Raillery, during her short career over the sticks, has had four wins out of a similar number of starts. Beady Money, for his victory in the Yass Plains Handicap, has incurred a 71b penalty for the Cootamundra Cup and Town Plate. ? Mr Jus. Price, who has been bo successful handicapping up in these parts, was asked by some leading sportsmen in Sydney to have a cut in for th ??? vacant position there, but the veteran declined. Nominations far the three prinoipaleveutf. in connection with the annual meeting of the Gundagai Racing Club— G B.C. Han dicap, Town Plate, and Hurdle Race— close with the hon. sec, Mr B. H. Newmau, on February 13th, up to 9 p.m. In a cricket match Kerrigan v. Jerilderie, . the former were all disposed of for .60, the only one to reach double figures being 28. ' The Jerilderie then went in, and knocked up 361, no less than, six batsmen retired. The Jer.lderie team intend journeying to Narandera on Wednesday, to try conclusions with the local players, and if they do us -well here as they did against the Berriganites, our boys will have to be on their best be- * havioui if they wish to retain possession of the Mackay trophy. ? The. following is the team selected to represent Narandera against Jerilderie on Wednesday :— Page, Wren, Higgius Arm strong, Roach, Feint, Jones, Stewart, Coomber, Hatt and Duffy. Emergencies, Stead, Piddington and Hole. 