THE WEEKLY BUDGET. [BY FITZROY.] The Yarra flows on its silent way, with its strong,, and treacherous current; the stars glimmer, and thle';ind sighs" through the many'. trees which are round and about, as we step out of the ferry boat, and wend our way to the immense pile of buildings ,,,from whence issue .various sounds-first comes a few strains of music telling I the tutored ear that the barn dance is the piece de resistance; next is heard a mournful wail, as of a creature in 'distress; then, follows most distinct curses and blasphemy, succeeded by a series of wild shrieks which causes the first-time visitor to clutch the arm of his nearest neighbour; then again there comes bars of inspiring music slow, beautiful and well-timed ; along an avenue of trees to a well-lighted' porch, where our coming is' awaited;[ through several gates which are loclked 'and jealously guarded, we find our selves escorted to an ante room, where afteri disrobing surplus attire, we :ire 'taken still further ahead, and walking along the tiled.veraidlh wildly lhilari ous music strikes up from an adjacent room or rathr.hall, upon reaching the door of whici a curiaos and unconimon sight meets the eye. There are ifrrom one hundred to`one lkundred and fifty people-men and ivonwn, young Hlnd old- ranged, Sir Rogner de Co'0erley fashion down the hall. Queer looking characters nmost of them are, hailang the appearance of a crowd let, loose for the night. :Yes,:and' so they :are. The men and women are the docile and harmless inmates of. the Kew. Luna tic; Asylum, and it is here that I wish the' reader to accompany me, in mind, for a few moments. The. patients stand as if a most important function was about to be performed, and doubt less to them it is important. Once a fortnight they are treated to an enter tainment, sometimes theatricals: some. times nigger minstrels and sometimes a dance. This night of which I write the jigging commences and away fly skirts, round go feet-encased in not altogether delicate boots-there is pir ouetting and poising, some graceful and some the reverse.' The, fun is fast and furious. One hob-nailed imbecile goes stolidly through the dance, while another casts eyes of love at the ruddy-complexioned ;and still ruddier-haired damsel who is vis-a-vis. The old girls caper 'and prance in a manner intended to be juvenile,' and which is at any rate provocative of the greatest merriment to the onlook ers.. The high kicking of the Gee. gees (as the Gaiety girls who recently appeared at the Princess' termed them selves) is emulated, and all sorts' of antics and capers are gone through, the principals for the time being con sidering themselves quite as much a source of attraction as the Gee- gees; all, however are not of a giddy turn of mind. One man well up in years, with a red handkerchief tied on his coat sleeve retires from the dance, and ' reclines against the wall until he, re gains breath; his partner however, , skips and prances all by herself as gaily as a two-year-old; she becomes a bit too frisky, and collides with a powerfully built female who resents such treatment; a wordy warfare en sues, and an attendant appearing upon the scene quietly escorts the frisky one to her seat, and she jigs no more that night. The dance terminates and away the participants shuffle; the men do not trouble about their part ners, who are left to shift for them selves, and in one or two instances is there any show of gallantry. Poor, un fortunate mortals, all they think of is the few fleeting moments' enjoy ment while the jig lasts, and then the minds become almost a blank. After an interval the lancers are called' on, and in this the visitors join. Visitors and lunatics associate in the calmest possible manner, calling to mind the brotherhood of man, and if'you like tlhe sisterhood of woman. My partner: i.s an asylum attendant--a dark-eyed dalisel with a. rich brogue, telling of parentage of the land of the shamrock. In the same set is an elderly woman whose step in the dance is perfection, leadinig one to suppose that in days gone by she had footed it under other and much happier circumstances. Whilst the third and fourth couple. are per forming their evolution, I am tapped on the shoulder. Glancing ronmid I find myself face to face with a gaunt, hollow-eyed woman, who in sepulchral tones asks the pleasure of the next dance with me. 'Being' a mild young man I graciously assented, and away goes the gaunt female with the ghost of a smile on her counte nance. The lancers over, the usual few minutes' interval and chat ensues, then the band strikes up "Jolly Dogs" polka. . Having been reminded by my last partner that the greatest offence which can be given.to a lunaiic isAriotI to start immediately the first' bar of music is struck, I proceeded to make tracks for'the part of theroom whei;e I expected.to find my partner for ,the polka. However I am fore-stalled. Again there is that mvsterious tap on: the shoulder, and once more..turning round I see the gaunt female. She has been waiting for me. Without more ado we set sail, and soon careen' round the room. After several 'turns my partner asks if I can manage the "three hop." Being answered in the affirmative, a slight halt is made,-and in time to the music off we go again this time, one, two; one; two, :three. A particularly light dancer" she proves to be, and her terpsichorean knowledge is of the best. We' kept up to -the very last, and when the music ceased I escort my' paitner to a seat, and :in return am thanked for the pleasure I have afforded the gaunt female, ,who since that time has gone to rest, "Until the daydawns a' ': ' And the shadows flee away.' Dance succeeds dance, and it is a question:which enjoys the evening most -the visitorLor ithe lunatic. There are some good people I know of who will say there is no difference betweefik the two. Be that as it may there is rattling good fun at the asylum on a dance night, and the inmates. without a doubt enjoy the pastime. 'It is sad to .watch'the fa?ces of some, staring vacantly before them; no sign of reason or-intelligeink oie cannot help.a\'feel: ing of pity arise. A woman of ap parently fifty summers, sits with folded arms, downcast eyes, and shaking head. She takes no notice of what is passing, and yet an attendant tells me that she always displays the greatest anxiety to be in attendance on a dance night, and is always one of the first to find her way into the room. Of course there are several specimens of the 'giddy, frivolous and silly old girls who try to rejuvenate themselves-one by the aid. of some whiting dabbed,on her ;cheek in lien:of the -rouge, and another Iby means) of 'a frowsf'old crimson rose pinned on the shoulder of her slate- colored gown; while one is conspicuous in attempt at adornment, by having stuck a feather (evidently from the hind'portioiTobf; a.draggle tailed rooster-) inher nob of-Auburn hair by way of aigrette. But when there is met with, outside the walls of such places, equally silly and frivolous women of a juvenile turn of mind, one need not be so.greatly surprised at the, antics of th e'representatives ;of the gentler' sx 'within the walls -of the' asylum. While feeling sad at the sight, there is this consolation that taken altogether the inmates receive kindly treatmentanidit 'is-'l~cky in deed that such a shelter exists for the keeping of the men, women and child ren who for various reasons-some too horrible to: contemplate-must be placed under restraint. The dance, the theatrical and the ministrel show are oases in their desert life, and the few hours' amusement once a fortnight are something to look back upon with feelings of pleasure, and awaken a longing in the many dull breasts for 'its repetition in the near. future. One yearly event has made the Kew asylum noted, i.e. the,..staffball. It is a really nice turn out:" The medical men and their ladies, also the staff and their friends make every effort to ensure success, and the func tion is one of the,best in??Melbourne. A beautifully decorated hall,' evening dressed young women, claw-hammered men, a lantern-lighted lawn, delightful and inspiriting music, and all de!icacies in the way~ of refrefhn!e.nt being pro vided, what more can human nature desire 1 Nothing. While promen ading even a stray shriek from a female voice, or a terrific yell from a male voice does: not detract from the night's enjoyment, and as the visitors' cabs and hansoms drove off the feeling is one of a pleasing interval in the dreary, monotonous round of every-day life having been spent, thanks to the annual staff ball. 