Superior Short Stories by Favourite Authors. LADY WISHAW'S HAND. By RICHARD MARSH. PART I. Chapter I. It was a woman's hand, In life, in its proper place at the end of a woman's arm, I could easily believe that it had been beautiful. But as it lay before me on the table, amidst the heap of papers in which it had been wrapped, I am bound to say that it was not its beauty that struck me first of all. One peculiar feature about it was its extraordinary state of preservation. Some embalming process must have been employed with which I was wholly unacquainted. It looked as if it were alive. Not only so. When, after some not inconsiderable amount of hesitation, I ventured to pick it up, it felt warm to the touch. Almost unwittingly I pressed it as I might have pressed a friendly hand in greeting. It seemed to return my pressure. Of course, it was ali imagination. But it was imagination of rather a ghastly kind. So vivid was the delusion that I let it fall back on the table with a start that was sufficiently real. The hand had been severed, with what had evidently been some sharp instrument, just above the wrist. A joint or some fraction of the bone - I am no anatomist - had apparently been withdrawn, so that the skin overlapped at the end. A white skin it was. I never saw a whiter. Yet it was not a bloodless white. Indeed, it was not difficult to believe that the warm blood was circulating underneath. It was a little hand. It struck me as being exquisitely shaped. A dainty hand. The fingers were long and slender, and tapered to a point. The finger-nails were perfect. They were pink, as are the finger-nails of some young girls. It was those almond shaped, pink, well-kept finger-nails, which, as much anything else, gave to the hand such a curious semblance of life. The fingers and thumb were close together, so that as it lay palm downwards, the thumb was in the air, and only the finger tips pressing against the table, the whole hand forming a sort of an arch. It was a right hand. On the forefinger was a ring - so quaint a ring that, in itself, it was a curio. It was of plain gold, clumsily fashioned, and at the back it had been beaten out by some unskilled craftsman, into what had probably been intended to represent a heart shaped shield. On it were some roughly graven words, which, at any rate, without a microscope, I was unable to decipher. I attributed the ring at a rough and ready estimate to perhaps the latter portion of the 14th century. It seemed odd to see that ill shaped and ancient gewgaw on the pretty finger of that dainty hand. It was a extraordinary legacy, even for a collector to receive. It appeared that it was a legacy - this woman's hand. From a man, too, who had been but a shadowy acquaintance. It had reached me by a singularly matter-of-fact route - the parcels post. I wondered if the post office officials would have said anything if they had known what it was that they were carrying. With it had come a letter, in which David Wishaw informed me that his brother, Colin, was dead, of which fact I had known nothing, and cared if possible still less; and that it had been one of Colin's requests that the hand which, according to David, had been known in the family as "Lady Wishaw's hand" should be sent me as a legacy. Very kind of Colin, and also of David, on my honour ! David went on to say that Colin had been aware that I was a great collector of curiosities, and he had felt very strongly that " Lady Wishaw's hand," was a curiosity that I should value. Had he indeed ! Kinder still, and kinder ! The hand, said David, had been an heirloom in the family. Then what on earth did the man mean by passing his family heirlooms on to me, an almost utter stranger ? It had been in the family, in uninterrupted sequence, since 1382\. When I read that, I wondered whether the man took me for an idiot. The hand - that hand which was lying before me on the table - had been in his family, or anybody's family, since 1382 ! I doubted very much if it had not been upon a living women's arm, certainly within the last six months. What was I to do with such a legacy ? I might be a collector of curiosities, a virtuoso, or a bric-รก brac hunter, if you please. But I was not a curator of an anatomical museum. The curiosities which I collected did not include detached portions of the human frame. The Messrs. Colin and David Wishaw seemed both of them to have laboured under the same misapprehension. I knew a man who collected ropes with which criminals been hung. He was a virtuoso of a kind which I was not. Mr. Colin Wishaw should have bequeathed and Mr. David Wishaw should have despatched - by means of the parcels post - this curiosity to him. The ring on the finger did seen more in my way. Getting a magnifying glass, I endeavoured to make out the legend which was on the shield. The ring was old - there could be no doubt about that. It might date from 1382. The legend in the first place had been ill-done, and in course of time it had become so worn that even with the aid of a good glass, it was difficult to render. "I take myne owne, that's what it is," I finally decided. " It's either seke or take. I fancy it's take, I take myne owne. I wonder if that is the motto of the Wishaws ? I have a good mind to write to Mr. David Wishaw, and to send him back the hand, and to tell him that with his permission, as a mark of my appreciation of his brother's thought for me, I'll keep the ring. I might add that in my judgment, it would be as well if the hand were decently interred. Let's see if I can take the ring off the lady's finger, so that I can have a look at it at close quarters." With this idea and with the intention of putting it into execution, I once more picked up the hand - though I own I touched it with reluctance. Holding it with my left hand, grasping the ring with the fingers of my right, I prepared to work it loose. Instantly the hand shot up! It was clenched into a fist ! I do not think I ever was so startled in my life. The action was so natural, so life-like, that, though I was in my own drawing room, and it was broad daylight, and there was no one present but the hand and myself, it seemed almost as if my heart had leapt into my mouth. It was no optical illusion-the open hand had become a tightened fist. No doubt it was owing to some muscular contraction \- but it was muscular contraction of a sort I did not like. So startled was I that for some moments I did nothing else but stare. When I could do something else, I dropped the hand as if it had been a red-hot coal. I sprang to my feet. "I'll send it back to Mr. David Wishaw, directly after lunch, ring and all !" I was momentarily expecting lunch to be announced. It would not do to leave the hand lying on the table. So I hurriedly caught up the papers in which it had come, and, wrapping them about it anyhow, I put it in a cabinet which stood upon a small side table. As I was finishing lunch, there came a knock at the hall door. Nalder went to see who it was. Nalder is a most excellent servant; one whom scarcely anything would induce to forget his place. Therefore, I was the more surprised, when, after a few minutes absence, he re-appeared with an expression of countenance which suggested both bewilderment and pain. He was rubbing his thigh, too, in a manner which, considering that he was standing in the presence of his master, was highly unbecoming. " What's the matter, Nalder?" "Well, sir, it's Mr. Brasher, sir." " Mr. Brasher ? - What do you mean ? What's the matter with Mr. Brasher ?" "Well, sir, - nothing's the matter with Mr. Brasher, that I am aware of, but - a most extraordinary thing has happened. At least, I beg your pardon, sir, it seems to me a most extraordinary thing. When I showed Mr. Brasher up into the drawing room, I noticed that the ormolu cabinet which stands on the Chippendale tripod table, was open." (This was the cabinet in which I had placed Mr. Colin Wishaw's legacy. I must, unintentionally have omitted to close it when I left the room.) "I went to close it, and directly I had done so, just as I was turning around, someone or something caught me in the fleshy part of the leg and gave me such a nip, that, I do believe, there's a piece nipped out." "Someone or something? What do mean by someone or something ?" "I don't know, sir, I really don't. There was no one or nothing near me that I could see, and that's why I say it's a most extraordinary thing. But I never felt anything so painful, - never." I left Nalder rubbing his thigh in a manner which his previous conduct had certainly given me no reason to expect from him. When I went upstairs I found Martin Brasher standing in the centre of the room with a look on his face which might have been twin brother to the look I had seen on Nalder's. " Pugh," was his salutation to me as I went in, " what on earth have you got in this room of yours ?" " I have a good many things in this room of mine, as, if you had eyes, you would be able to see. What is the matter with you?" " Upon my word, I hardly know what is the matter with me. Do you know, I was just sitting on that armchair, waiting for you, when something - it felt like somebody's fingernails - scratched my cheek from top to bottom. Isn't there a scratch to be seen ?" There was, unmistakeably. On his left cheek there was what was, obviously, the mark of a recent scratch. "You've been in dreamland, Brasher, and scratched yourself in your dream." " Nothing of the kind. I tell you what \- Pugh, it's uncommonly queer ! But never mind about that now ; I have come to tell you that I've got a case at last." ** A case of what ?" "A case for the Society - a genuine ghost. Have you ever heard of a man named Wishaw ?" (I had very much, indeed; and very recently. But he didn't give me a chance. He was so very full of his subject, that he went dashing on, without noticing that he had not afforded me an opportunity to answer.) "They're a scotch family, the Wishaws - one of those Scotch families which antedate the Deluge. They've had some peculiar characters among, them in that time, more peculiar than pleasant - as some of these Scotch families have had a way of having. One of the most peculiar was a woman, who lived somewhere about the close of the fourteenth century - a propitious period, especially in Scotland, for peculiar characters. She is known amongst them to this day as Lady Wishaw. You know how they have that sort of thing in stories. She was the most beautiful woman that ever was - that's of course. She was, also, the wickedst woman, that ever was - that's equally of course. She does not appear to have done something to deserve a niche, as the latter, in the temple of fame. She was a thief. Such a thief that she became notorious as a thief, even in that age and land of thieves. She stole from foes and friends alike. At last, in the house of a friend, she was caught, red-handed, in some theft more astounding than usual. We should have called her a kleptomanic, I suspect, in these later days. The term was not invented then, nor the thing. To her host she appeared to have been guilty of an act of hideous treachery. Taking upon himself, as was not uncommon in those sweet and simple days, the offices of judge, jury, and executioner, there and then he hacked off her hand at the wrist. The first imitation which the Wishaws received of the latest petit faux pas in which the lady had indulged, came to them in rather grisly fashion. The lady's guilty but, I understand, lovely member was sent to them by the host in the charge of a special messenger. The lady herself they never saw again - at least, in life. She felt, when she had lost her hand, that she had lost all that there was worth living for. She destroyed herself within the hour. Thus, as you perceive, there was ample ground why a pleasant little feud should exist, henceforth, between the whilom friends, the Wishaws and the Macfies ; the host's name was, it seems, Macfie. " The story goes that the dismembered lady managed to convey some sort of spiritual intimation to her relatives, to the effect that they were never to cease from killing while a Macfie still remained to cumber the ground. Thenceforward, the first end and aim of the Wishaws was to kill the Macfies. And in order that they might not forget their high calling, a special injunction was laid on them that they were to keep the hacked-off hand ever with them as a sort of heirloom, and as a perpetual reminder, until the last of the Macfies was slain. Not only so. They were given clearly to understand, that should a Wishaw arise, who, before the Macfies were wholly exterminated, should prove unworthy, and should cease from killing, the dead hand would turn against the living man, and would measure out to him that measure which he should have measured out to the Macfies. "This is s queer story." (I felt that it was). " But the queerest part is still to come. I am informed, on creditable authority, that the hand was never embalmed. That nothing has been done to preserve it, of any sort or kind. That it has continued, uninterruptedly, in the possession of the Wishaws. And that, after the passage of the centuries, it still looks as fresh and as lifelike as if its original owner still had it in the proper place at the end of her arm." As to the truth of this portion of his story, touching the appearance of life which the hand possessed, I could have gone to the cabinet, taken out its contents and given him the proof on the spot ; and I may add, that I should have done it, had it not been that a contraction of the muscles of my throat seemed to keep me a fixture in my chair. " Pugh, I mean to see that hand." He should have seen it, then and there, had not the sensation of which I had suddenly become conscious almost amounted to strangulation. " It strikes me that there's a clear case for the Psychical Research Society at last. I have chanced, almost by accident, upon some extraordinary stories of Lady Wishaw's hand. It seems that the Wishaws did keep on killing the Macfies. But the latter was a prolific breed. As soon as a sire was struck down a son sprang up. There came a time when murder, even in Scotland, was not looked upon with such lenient eyes. Still the Wishaws pursued the even tenour of their way. More than one of them has brought himself within the clutches, and has suffered the last penalties, of the law. Finally, even the Wishaws succumbed to the influence of the new spirit of the newer age. They declined to keep on murdering. In fact they ceased to murder. When they ceased, the hand - the dead hand - Lady Wishaw's hand, began. Pugh, I have reason to believe that, literally, for generations, the head of the family for the time being, has been found strangled in his bed." Brasher paused. He stood in front of me, with a dramatic gesture. With an effort, I found myself able to speak. " Where did you get that piece of information from, may I enquire ?" " Never mind where I got it from ; it is so. You may take it from me that the thing was kept hushed up. It was given out that they died of spasmodic affection of the heart. Nothing of the kind. There never yet was a Wishaw with a weak heart. At last, only two of them were left, Colin Wishaw, the head of the house, and David, his younger brother. Colin was something of a madman. From the little I had seen of him, he had struck me as being about as mad as a man could be without being pronounced, legally and medically insane. He swore a great oath that he would rid himself, and the family, of Lady Wishaw's hand." " If what you have told me is correct, Brasher, I fail to see any signs of madness in his doing that." " The extraordinary part of the thing was the way in which he set himself to carry out his oath. He put the hand in a coffin, and buried it, coffin and all. Lady Wishaw's hand returned to him from the grave." '* Oh, Brasher, come !" " So I am told. He took it with him across the Atlantic. In mid-ocean he dropped it into the sea. When he reached his hotel in New York he found it at his bedside in the morning. He cast it into a smelter's furnace. It was waiting for him when he got home. I am credibly assured that he cooked it, and ate it, only to find it on his pillow when he went to bed." " Brasher, your story begins to remind me of a poem which I read ia my childhood days, which if I remember rightly, was called and appropiately called, A Horrible Tale." " Wait a bit. About a fortnight ago Colin Wishaw was found dead in his bed. There was no mistake about it this time \- he had been strangled. It was impossible to hush it up. An inquest was held. The verdict was, that he had been strangled by some person or persons unknown." If that were so, what on earth did David Wishaw mean by saying that almost with his last breath, Colin had bequeathed,what appeared to be, par excellence, the heirloom of the Wishaws, as a legacy to me. Mr. David Wishaw was a nice man, upon my word. "The present possessor of Lady Wishaw's hand," continued Brasher, " is David Wishaw, the last living representative of the Wishaw strain." Was he ? He would very soon be the possessor, though he was not then. "I am going to call on Mr. David Wishaw. I shall request him to allow me to examine the hand. I intend to make inquiries as to the truth of its extraordinary history. As I have told you, I have reason to believe that the truth will be made quite plain. Should I that be so, I shall present the case for the immediate consideration of the Psychical Research Society. I think you will agree with me that a more remarkable case will hardly come its way." I quite agreed that, if - that little "if" -he could find evidence to prove it, it would be a most remarkable case. And I was more than once on the point of informing him that, if he really desired to look at and to examine Lady Wishaw's hand, he need go no further than where he stood. But each time, as the words had already almost escaped my lips, I again became conscious of what I can only describe as that curious, and distinctly involuntary suppression of the larynx. (To be concluded on Tuesday.) 