DARBY helligan GHOhT- BY TITDB Totfi. It •Was the night of Ohrisfcmfts fivein Ireland. The snow, whioh in the earlier part of the day was failing heavily, had ceased, and towards evening a sharp frost had set in. , , , The fire blazed brightly and invitingly in the comfortable house of a well-to-do farmer named Patrick Farrell; it was surrounded by faces no less bright and oheerfut—the feces of a number of the gude man's jolly and simple-minded n e j?Sme r , 8 Darby," sitid one. "Tell us a story of some hind or other. Let it be about anything you like, only tell us a story to pass the time. Be all account, you've thravelled more by night an 1 day, through all soorts o' quare places, than any man in the barony, an' ye must have somethin' good to tell." The person thus addressed was a Darby NeUigan. a typical Irish " stroller " and story-teller, who made his living by every means, save by honest hard work. He was a general favourite with the simple folk amongst whom he lived, to whom he made himself especially agreeable by his jovial disposition, his willingness to oblige, and his intimate knowledge of all that was " going on " amongst" the neighbours." Darby, nothing loth to display his farfamed narrative powers, drew himself up with an air of importance, and after placing bis dudheen in his waistcoat pocket, with the stem upwards, and refreshing the inner man with a copious draught of undiluted potlieen, settled himself in proper story-telling attitude. " Faix, thin, Mike, what you say is very thrae-^-I have thravelled a power in my time, night, noon, an 1 mornin', an* I've met and seen sthrange people an' sthrange thiogs, but I dunno for tbe life o' me whether I can tell yez anything that will plaze yez." " Oh I anything at all will plaze us, Darby," said a number of " the boys " in chorus. " Here goes, thin," rejoined Darby, " for an adventhuce I had wanst upon a time wud a ghost." This was a signal for all to be silent and attentive. The very mention of a ghost thrilled the audience with delight, and, drawing their seats a little more closely to the fire, they were " all ears " —intentiqiLe ora> tembcmt, as old Virg would put it; but this is neither here nor there. Darby then proceeded to tell his tale as follows :—" 'Tis now more nor twinty years sence myself an' poor Davy Donohoe—Grod rest his eowl—were comin* home together wan night from the fair of Enooknasgugh, After havin a dhrop or two at Murphy's public-honse we set out to walk home—a good eighteen mile an' more. To make things worse, the night was dhreadfol dark an' cowld; but as we were ' warm inside,^ as tbe people sez, we didn't so mueh mind the oowld part of id. Well, anyhow, we came along, with our shillelaghs in our hands, our ⅈ&%6hns in our mouths, an' a dhro in our eye, for the matter o' that. After thravellin' about seven or eight mile as hard as. our legs could carry us, begob Davy, he sez to me—' Bedad, Darby, ye're givin' me the divil's own lade enthirely. If we don't soon ' retch Casey's Grass till I get a sup I'll have to stan' or Bit down an' go no farther. Pull aisy, man, and give me a chance, 01 I'm bet enthirely.' "«Bled an' ounze, Davy,' sez I to him this way, ' th) onld man is ort'ej»in' an you very soon. Niver oay die, maD. Casey's Craes is not far away now, an we can get somethin' there t6 warm us ftp, an' then you'll lie as right as the mail.' , , walked an, axi' retched 'Casey s Crass in about half Ah hour. We wint into Casey's public-house an' bad a few •rounds' in the tap-room—an' a snug an' cosy wan it WAB, be. the B&me; token. Well, we sat there for a while, talkin' an' dhrinkin' an' smokin'. There war two or three other fellows sittin' at the other end o* the room, talkin' an' swarin' at the top o' their voices. There was seemin'ly some dispute or other among 'em. " At last wan ov 'em said to another— ' I bet you a pound you don't do it.' "' That he don't do what ?' sez I, for I was gettin' so merry I didn't oare a sthraw what I said or done. . "' That he don't go to the grave-yard beyant to-night an' spake to the ghost when it oums. It oums there every night this month an' more.' "' I'll do it,' sez I, not knOwin' well what I was sayin' or doin'. "' Done,' sez the other fellow. • Stake your money.' "'I will,' sez I, ' stake my money wud the man o' the house,' manin' poor Casey himself. " So the two of us jerked out our money, although poor Davy wanted me, right or wrong, to go home wud him. an' lave it so. " ' Tare-an-agers, man,' sez I, ' sure, 'tisn't disgracin' myself you'd have me. I'm into it now, an' if I thry to skulk out of it they'll say I'm a dirty, mane spalpeen.' " Afther / I got Davy to vfMfr out by iyself thfWh tks fieldXwOBP to tbe grave-yard.£& , \vy v , , " It wasWf^ tuf^Toek, apM&s; dark as pi'cb, as^^was goiat5wbnl>Ltibrongh the fields b^He^p&thwSWtbojQgh; I could only kno^.'W^lt^^atj^ay by threadin' on it, 't^fllWdajj^ I wint along, whistlin' a tune to" keep away the fear and threpidation that was growin' on me; an' only I had a good sup in I'd sore have turned back. '«Well, to make a long story short, I retched the grave- yard, an', after fallin' over a few graves, and gettin' my shins blackened again tombstones, I groped my way into an old' ruin in wan corner o' the berrin'-ground. "«Bedad, Darby,' sez I this way to myself, 1 ye may as well make yourself comfortable an' aiBy, anyhow.' il " So I gother a lot o' dhry sprigs an' plaoed 'em in a hape in th* onld fireplace, an' maybe I hadn't a right fire blazin' in less than no time. " I dhrew a big stone near the fire, an' sat down an' lit my pipe, and took a big dhrink out ov a bottle o' the rale stuff I brought wud me from Casey's, an' there I sat as comfortable as you like for half an hour an' more. " Thin I began to doze a little, when, all of a suddint, as I thought, I looked over to the other side o* tbe hearth, an' there, sure enough, was an owld greyheaded gentleman sittin' an an owld stone, an'smokin' his pipe fine an' comfortable. p "Well, maybe, I didn't get a great fright. The hair stud an the top o' my head like tbe bristles an a granoge, an my heart began to thump again my ribs, ah' I thought I'd a died there an' then. ." Th' owld gentleman stared me in the face atohile, in a way I didn't like "ornehow, but tbin he smiled at me, an' I was so little afeared then that I venthered to spake to 'im. " ' A cowld night this, yer honour,' sez I. 'Cowld!' sez he, an' he looked at me in wondher, 'Very hot ye mane,' sez he/ *<M*1 I ax ygt UttSotfic'i pardto,' sez J, 4 1 thottgbt 'twas very oowld.' { "*0h1 no offince in life,' ste he. ' Maybe 'tie oo\vld to you,' aeZ he. " < An' so it iS, yer honour,' «ez I, 'an' maybe 'tis cowld to yer honour, too ?', '"Obi by no manner 6' manes,'sez he. ' Where I came from the people do be always edmplainin' o' the hate.' "«An' where might that be, yer honour ?' sez I. " < That's a quhistion I'd rayther not answer,' sez he. • Oh I I beg yer honour's pardon,' sez I. 1 But ain't this a quare place for yer honour to come to at night ?' «• Where would I cum to,' sez he, * but to my own place ? I cum up here every night for an hour or two,' sez be. "' An' is it possible,' eez I to him, • you own this place ?' "' Well,' sez he,' I don't own it now, but I did own it.' "' Dear me,' sez I, ' an' how did yer honour oome to the ground ? Who took yer plaoe from you ?' «" Oh 1 as to cummin' to the ground,' sez he, ' I cum to it shut up in three coffins an' dhrawn in a hearse. Nobody took my property from me. I left it by will to my eldest son,' sez he. " 1 Tare-an-agers I' sez I, an' I a'most died wud the fright. 1 An' is it a ghost I'm talkin' to ?' "' 'Tis indeed,' sez he. ' But don't be afeard; I won't hurt a hair o' your head.' " I took another dhrink o' the whisky to put nerve in me, ah' I was bowld enough to offer the ghost a dhrop. "' Uh! no, thank ye,' Bez he; 1 I'm a teetotaller this long time back, though 'tis fund enough I was o' the dhrop in my time.' "' An' may I ask yer honour what's yer name—I mane what they used to call ye when ye war alive ?' "' Oh I my name,' sez he,' was Squire Bake.' "'An' do yer honour belong to the family at the Big House above ?' sez I. "'Yes,' sez he; 'the present Squire Bake is my grandson. ' An' I wish,' sez . he, 'ye'd carry a message to him from me.' 'Ohl wud all the pleasure in life,' sez'-I. 1 * Well,' sez he,' tell him to be just an' raisonable wnd his tenants. . He's draggin' too much rint out ov 'em, an' his fathers afore 'em dragged too much rint from 'em. 'Tell him,' he sez, ' to fail tbe rint ever so mnch, an' to stay at home in his own counthry, an' not to be blaggardin' about London spindin' the hard-earned money o' the poor tenants. If he don't do that he'll find a hot corner in the next world. I'm hot enough myself,' sez he,' an* I would have been hotter on'y that I done a few good turns in my time, an* them saved me from pardition. "' I was goin' to be sent to the worst place of all, when Paddy Walsh spoke tip for me, an' said I didn't press him for tbe rint on wan occasion when he was sick an' unable to'ptiy, an' Biddy Doolan said I saved her from starvation by lendin' her five pounds, an' poor Larry Larkin said I gave him a chape. Thim war the only good ever done,' Bez he, ' but they si trom being sent to lodge with 0 but only on condition that I reai itootion to the poor people I • An,' he 6ez, 4 ye may tell my 10 fork out fifty ponnd to Paddy si.n, that I charged his' father imp: ments, which was verj unjust, iwinty pound that I took from Mickv Dwyer, whin I made him pay his rent twice for the same gale by not givin' him a recait for the first payment.' "Th* ould gintleman or ghost kept on I xommftm^ »">«• body j j a t c b e d " gave me' ~ a' ' pihch 'that " * :made ' rJ ~" me howl like a fightin' cat. I looked up an' swore a big oath, 'when who- was stannen' over me but my brave Davy Donohoe, an' the three feilows that war dhrinkin* in Casey's tap-roomi the night afore. The fife was gone out, an' the daylight was oummih' in tWo* the wall and' the dooreways ov th' Ould ruin. I was lyin' stretched on the fiat of my back on the Sure. " ' Bled- an-ounze, Darby,' sez Davy, ' I never saw ye so tight afore. An' did ye see the ghost?' /"See him?' sez I. 1 Why, man, I was talkin' to -im half the night, till I fell aBleep here.' "' If so, by japers,' sez wan o' the three fellows,' ye've won the bet.' "' I think I have,' sez I. "The Whole five ov us wint back to Casey's, an' if that pound didn't get a quare fright may none o' yiz ever talk to a ghost." 