ft Welsh Princess; OB, AS COLD IS TRIED. < i ;n: BY 1EDLEY RICHARDS, Author of "The Omerod Mystery," "The Dene Tragedy," eto.i etc. :o: — — « ' CHAPTER XV— (Continued.) T ' I wonder who she is 1" thought the stationmaster. " Quite a lady — and a very beautiful one to hoot," he reflec ted, as he re-entered the station. As Gwen went quickly up the lane, she could not help thinking of the great change in her position since the pre vious day, and while she rejoiced in her own freedom, she thought sorrow fully of the poor girl whose post she was going to fill. Her conscience told her that she was not acting -qt|ite straightforwardly, but the Reception would not hurt any one, and Wou Id be_ an immense boon to her. i 1 " Pondering this way, she wttlkd/jon under the park wall, the great bV&i;£> ches of the tree which overhwhg tfifoj lane being rich with aatumn&l; .leaves in their varied colbrs. Very sdon\£Ke reached the gates, and saw at onesiqfe a lodge built of stone in a very uripre-" tentious style. Entering the park, she wended her way along a broad gravel drive, on either side of which was rich pasture land. In a short time she saw the house, a large square building of three storeys, commodious, and built to stand the wear and tear of time, but with no at tempt at the beautiful ; and as Gwen- contrasted it with the old Welsh Manor House, it was to the advantage of the latter. As she drew near to the hall, her cour age failed, but knowing that once in stalled within those walls as governess she would be comparatively safe, she braced herself up for the ordeal, and remounting the steps, she rang the bell. Almost immediately a footman ap peared, who glanced at her from top to toe as she inquired if she could see Mrs Melville. His inspection must have been satisfactory, as he answered, re spectfully : " Yes, miss. What name shall I say ?" " Miss Baynes and as she gave her name, Gwen blushed. The man must have recognised it as that of the governess, as his manner be came a shade freer as he said : " This way, if you please, miss and he ushered her into a pleasant-room at one side of the house. Gwen seated herself, then waited im patiently. She was very anxious to get the ordeal over. But she had not to wait long, as in a few minutes the door opened, and a "large, handsome' woman, about thirty-five, entered the room. "Miss Baynes?" she said as she ad vanced; and there was some disap proval in her tone. "Yes. I missed my train yesterday. I unfortunately left my purse at my lodgings, and had to return. It took me some time to find it, and I was un fortunately too late for any train but the night express, and as I had taken my ticket, I decided to come on." "Indeed, that is unfortunate. But how is it that you have not arrived here sooner?" she said, as she extended her hand. Gwen shuddered slightly as she said: "There was an awful accident;" and she gave a short account, touching as lightly as she could on the horrors. While she spoke Mrs Melville's face cleared, the look of disapprobation giving place to one of sympathy. "You have had a fearful experience, and I am sure you must require rest. I will send a maid with you to your room, and you must have some re freshment. Then you had better lie down. Never mind if you sleep until late in the day, as it will do you good after such an awful night." Then as she rang the bell, she asked Gwen if she had left her luggage at the station. "All the luggage was burned," said Gwen, who had satisfied herself on that point before leaving Maskerton. "How unfortunate! Still, it is a small matter so long as you have escaped injury. You have been very fortunate," she said, looking admiringly at her new governess. In a few minutes a housemaid ap peared, in obedience to the order sent by the footman, but her mistress told her to show Miss Baynes to her room. Then as Gwen was following the girl she said: "I will send you some linen upstairs, and if you can spare your dress my my maid shall alter a couple of mine to tit you. They will serve until you can get some others made." i Gwen thanked her, and followed the maid to a chamber on the second storey. It was comfortably furnished, ana had a delightful view over the park and country beyond ; and as Gwen sank into an easy chair she gave a little sigh of satisfaction, for she was safe now. When the vicar returned she would explain all to Mrs Melville, and she would beg her to forgive the deception because of the terrible position in which she had been placed. Mean while she would do her duty faithfully, and teach the children all she could. As she had been well-educated she felt sure that she could give satisfaction. Her meditations were interrupted by a tap at the door, and, in response to ,%er "Come in," a smart maid -entered, L'.one armful of linen and a pretty wpg-gown flung over the other. mistress has sent these, and if 'ybutlll let me have your dress, miss, I vhll -r,try to make, some of hers fit. ybu£6ugh they will take a deal of al- you are so much slighter." "Don't trouble ; I will manage with this until I can buy some more," said Gwen. \ "That would be impossible, miss; and I'm sure I'm glad to do what I can, see ing you've had such an awful time. It must have been dreadful." "It was — so fearful that I cannot bear to talk about it. It brings all the hor rors before me again." "To be sure, it will. Now, then, miss" — and 'she held up the dressing- gown — "if you will slip this on until you have had something to eat. After that, my mistress advises you to go to bed." In another minute Gwen had re moved her dress, which, although made for Marian Holdsworth, -fitted her well, and, slipping the dressing-gown on, she sank wearily into the chair. "I can see you are just tired out, miss," said the maid ; and, taking the dress, she departed, just as a house maid entered with a tray, on which a light repast was served. After partaking of it, Gwen undres sed and lay down on the bed, and very soon she was in a heavy, dreamless sleep, from which she was aroused by a tap at the door and the maid inform ing her that the dressing-bell had rung, and that Mrs Melville would be glad if she would dine downstairs that even ing. "I've got. the dresses done, miss, if you'll please to unfasten the door." Gwen did as she was desired, and the girl entered with a couple of dresses and the one Gwen had worn. "I think you'll find they fit, miss, but that of yours has been made at a sty lish place, I can see. And now, you'll have to be quick, please, as it's a quar ter past five, 'and the dinner is always served at six punctual." CHAPTER XVI.— DAVID HUGHES IS NERVOUS. When Gwen descended the staircase it wanted a few minutes to six, and as she hesitated at the foot of the stairs, not knowing where to go, the same foot man -who had admitted her on her ar rival came forward. "This way to the drawing-room, miss," he said, with a lofty condescen sion which amused Gwen. As she entered the room, Mrs. Mel ville, who was seated in an easy chair near the fire talking to a handsome, portly gentleman who was standing on the rug, turned round, saying "I hope you feel rested, Miss Baynes." "Thank you, I do feel much better." "You are looking so. And now allow me to introduce my husband to you." "Very glad to know you have arrived here safely after such an awful ex perience," said the portly squire, as they shook hands. Just then a tall girl, about eleven, en tered the room. "You here, Madge," said her father. "Yes, I said as Miss Baynes was din ing down stairs this evening, Madge might join us. Come here, and shake hands with your governess," said her mother. Madge Melville did as she was re quested, evidently studying Gwen at tentively. "This Is my eldest child. You remem ber I told you there were four who Would be In your charge. The others are in the nursery. Of course, Flossie and Hughie are under nurse's superin tendence, but they take their meals with you in the Schoolroom, except when we have luncheon, at which you and the children have your dinner; then you have five o'clock tea. But I thought you would be better for a little rest before taking up your charge. Be sides, the squire wanted to talk to you about the accident." Mrs. Melville was. evidently anxious that the new governess should under stand that dining with the family at six was a special privilege. Gwen merely bowed In reply, thinking : that she would infinitely have preferred taking tea in the Schoolroom to being cross- questioned by the squire. Then, as the dinner bell rang and he offered his arm to his wife, Gwen turned to her pupil and linked her arm within that of the child, who looked curiously at her. "I don't think you will be one bit prim, like Miss Reynolds was," she said, as they crossed the hail. Gwen smiled, half sadly as she said: "I never was Considered prim." "No, you are too pretty to be prim, and I daresay we shall get on very well together," the child added, with a certain condescension which was a re flex of her mother's. "It seems," said the squire, as he served the soup, "that a poor girl who had escaped from an asylum was in the train. She was burned, it is believed, beyond recognition, but in her hand clasped tightly was a locket, containing the portrait of a gentleman, and bear ing her father's name. It is fortunate this was found, or they would have still been searching the country for her." "Did you see hef, Miss Baynes?" in quired Mrs. Melville. "I saw many such bodies, but I did not notice more than I was compelled in rendering help." "Of course not," said the squire. "By the way," he added, "she was a Welsh girl, and you have quite a Welsh ac cent. I suppose you do not know her?" Gwen blushed violently as she said: "My mother was a Welshwoman, but I have very few relations or friends. I am quite alone in the world." "I understood so from your letter," said Mrs. Melville. During dinner the squire would talk of nothing but the aecident, though Gwen said as little about it as she could, and when Mrs. Melville rose it was with a feeling of relief that Gwen followed her to the drawing-room. The dinner of several courses had been a weary novelty to her, accustomed as she had been to the simplicity of . her home at the old Manor. "Would you mind giving us a little music, Miss Baynes? I am very par ticular about the children having good instruction," said Mrs. Melville; and Gwen at once complied. After playing two or thre pieces she paused, and her companion remarked that she played well, but that the pieces were unutterably sad. "However, that is not to be wondered at under the circumstances. Still, I like a cheerful schoolroom. Cheerful ness is a great element in children's education, and no doubt you will soon recover from any depression this acci dent may have caused." And Mrs. Melville looked rather doubtfully at Gwen's face, which now wore a sad expression totally unlike the merry Gwen of a few months ago. Gwen replied that she hoped so; but when she retired that night she fully understood that whatever heartache she had would have to be locked in her own breast. Outwardly she would have to appear cheerful if she wished to keep her situation. The next morning she was introduced to her other pupils — Christopher or Chris, as he was called, a roguish boy of nine; Flossie, a little sprite of seven; and Hughie, a quiet, thoughtful child of five. Gwen found that if she was to do her duty, her time would he fully occupied, and she was glad that it was so, as it left her less opportunity to brood over her troubles; and she tried to do her best in the -place she had so strangely stepped into. When a Week had passed Gwen was getting quite accustomed to her new life, and very thankful to have found such a safe haven until the vicar re turned to England, when she would ap peal to him. Her heart ached when ever she thought of Keith, and she longed to know whether he was living, but she dared not make any inquiries. She knew that the poor disfigured girl had been taken to Wales, and buried with her father as Gwendoline Ap Rhees.' The papers had given a full ac count of the funeral, over which she had smiled sadly, even when she pitied that poor friendless girl, whom no one appeared to have missed. Sometimes she wondered if Marian Holdsworth be lieved that she was dead, and she con cluded that, like the rest, the doctor's daughter would think that she had per ished in the accident. However, in this Gwen was mistaken, as Marian Holdsworth strongly doubted it. She had heard that the body which was supposed to be Gwen's had a frag ment of a black dress attached to it, and she knew that Gwen was Wearing a brown dress of hers; and this made her even more careful to lock the dress which Gwen had discarded in a safe place. So far Marian had not been suspected of any complicity In her. escape, and she was now more convinced than ever that Gwen's tale was true, ahd that she had been unjustly confined. Price Hughes had since his ward's re puted death visited the asylum and re mained to dinner, and his Intense satis- faction and veiled triumph when speak ing of Gwen had been noted by the pb- servantr girl; vand,. sheqnly hoped that- Gwen wa® alive, And able, as soon as it was safe, to bring him to book for his villainy. But the Welsh lawyer was all uncon scious of this, and did his utmost to propitiate the doctor's handsome daugh ter, whom he admired so much that on his return to Corwen he told David that he intended in a short time to ask her to become his wife. After the charred body of the unfor tunate girl supposed to be Gwen had been placed in the grave with Rowland Ap Rhees, the uncle and nephew had come to an understanding, by which Price Hughes took all the money left by the farmer and the whole of the so licitor's practice. David yielded the share which he had inherited from his father, and settled down on the Manor Farm — a life he infinitely preferred — but he was not happy. Since Gwen's death he had become terribly nervous, and scarcely dared to move about the house after dusk, he was so fearful of seeing the spirits of those he had wronged. Then, again, he was tormented by a doubt as -to whether the body buried in the church yard was really Gwen's. His uncle laughed at him and called him a fool. All the same, David was miserable, and began drinking heavily. Thus his never handsome face became coarse and bloated, while there was a look of restless anxiety which made the country folks say Mr. David had a bad look. There were two other people besides David Hughes who felt very doubtful whether the girl who lay buried with Rowland Ap Rhees was their young mistress. They were Joshua and Han nah, and neither of them had ever ber lleved in her insanity, but had always declared that it was a devilish plot to get hold of their old master's money. So when Joshua heard that she had es caped and had been killed in the rail way accident, he stoutly declared that he did not believe it "Very like Miss Gwen had been in the train. He wasn't going to deny that; but he'd never believe the Lord had let her escape from _ her cruel imprison ment to be killed." That was all he said to outsiders, but to Hannah he confided his opinion that Miss Gwen. whofti always been a sharp lass, would be quite equal to making the best even out or a railway accident; and who was to say as she didn't put that in the dead girl's hand. "It would be a race for freedom, and Miss Gwen wasn't the one to be beaten. I'm not objecting to that poor lass rest ing awhile m tne master's grave, but I'm thinking tnere'll come a. time when she'll have to be moved, and that afore the Resurrection. Not as I'm a-going to say this to either of them villains. It would just make them begin sus pecting and hunting her up ; but as sure as St. David is our saint, you'll see Miss Gwen again." Then Hannah would nod her head and say as she knew the poor dead lass wasn't Miss Gwen, or there would have been the mark on her neck. Soon afer David had gone to live at the farm, he asked Joshua to take his old place as foreman, but the old man' declined, telling David he couldn't take wages from him. "Why?" was the indignant question. "Because you've no right to the place, and it's my opinion as you did the devil's work to get it. I don't want to have no money as comes from him, for he's a dangerous party to have deal ings with. I reckon both you and Mr. Price will find out that to your cost be fore you've, done with him, be it sooner or later, Mister-David." And with these words Joshua left him, while David went off in high dud geon to ask his uncle if he thought the old man knew anything. Price Hughes listened with a con temptuous curl of the lip. "Of course he cannot know anything, and it does not matter what he sus pects so long as he cannot find, any proof But I'll tell you what, David," lie said, looking full at his nephew; "if you don't mind, you will either land in a lunatic asylum yourself, or kill vour- self with drinking. You must stop It, man; it is not safe, and I don't mean to let you do anything that will put me in jeopardy." "What do you mean?" asked David, angrily. "Exactly what I say. You are drink ing until you are as nervous as an old woman, i tell you you must stop it." "Just go and live in that old house by yourself, and fancy the old man and Gwen at every turn, and see if you don't get nervous and take more bran dy than is good for you." Price Hughes laughed. "Neither the ghost of the old man nor that of his daughter would scare me. So long as they couldn't turn me out of touch the balance at the bank, 1 shouldn't care. But if you are so frightened, why not go away ? I have it; go to see Jack Lloyd. He wanted you to go, and I suppose it's a nice little town where his practice is." David looked rather pleased at the idea- ' - "Perhaps I will. Jack's a . pleasant fellow." A; A "Of course he is. OnlyXnlndl you hold Your tongue ; khd as I lhink you need a change of place and society, I w$i write to him and arrange for you tQ go." "Very well, I'm quite willing ; " and David left the room. As soon as he had gone Price Hughes wrote a friendly note to Dr. Lloyd, who was a native of Corwen, and had been educated for a medical man, and after walking the hospitals, had finally set tled down at a small town in Yorkshire, where there appeared a good opening. It was some years since he had lived in Corwen, and then David and he had been good friends. It was before the former had given way to temptation, and now they would have little in common; but when Dr. Lloyd received Price Hughes' let ter, telling him that through troubling, about his cousin's sad death David had given way to drink, and urging him to help to reform him by getting him away from scenes that reminded him of his loss, the young doctor at once wrote to David, begging him to pay him a visit. At first he was disinclined to go, but his uncle urged him, telling him that it was absolutely needful for him to have a change, or in his nervousness he would be letting out something that would get them into trouble. " And," continued Price Hughes, "while you are away see if you cannot find some girl who will make a good mistress of the manor, and scare the ghosts away, besides keeping you from the bottle." "And what if that girl buried in the churchyard is not Gwen ? Then my chance would be gone for ever," said David. "You never had one. But why harp, on the subject ? The girl is Gwen, so. take my advice." "Very well, I'll think about it, and I suppose I may as well go to see Jack,"- he said, turning away. That night David wrote to tell his friend that he might expect to see him in three days at Donningford, which" happened to be just five miles from Sommerton Hall, where Gwen was living. : 1 \- 1 ik CHAPTER XVH. AN UNCLE OF THE NAME OF, " SMITH." When the real Hesther Baynes had been three days at Maskerton, the doc tor pronounced! her able to continue her journey. He had tried to find out where she was going, but had learned nothing beyond the fact that it was to. Leeds. She had got one of the chambermaids to buy her a change of linen, _a simple black costume, mantle and hat, and a small trunk. The things were not ex pensive, still they made a hole in the eleven pounds, which was all that stood between her and destitution. Lastly, she sent for her hotel bill, saying that she intended leaving shortly after, breakfast the next morning. Instead of a bill, the landlady ap peared, and told her that they had no intention of charging anything for; her. The bill would be presented .to the ralway company's lawyers, and if they did not pay it, her husband was quite satisfied to let it go. Anyway, they could not receive it from Miss Baynes, seeing that she was alone in the world, and had already lost all her luggage. As to the latter, she tried to induce Hesther to present her claim ; but that young lady did not wish to court nquiry concerning her antece dents, so she shook her head, saying; "The trouble would be greater than the recompense." Then finding tlfat her hostess was firm on the point of the bill, Hesther gave up contesting the matter, though her. independent spirit led her to wish to f pay ,Y:hat she had had. The next morning when they parted it was, vritA BJpy expressions of good will. -"pn lleiPway to Leeds Hesther SjildieAShe guide, and found vthjjPt was the nearest, town" to A®:ordingly she de- cide;- 1 oXp there, and endeavor to tuition. On ar?ivingrin Leeds she took a ticket ' for Donnmgford, which she reached ; about noon. It was a small country town, with a decidedly sleepy aspect, and as Hesther, who had left her trunk' . at the station, proceeded slowly up the princnpal stret, she was struck with it® old-fashioned, behind the times appear ance. No one seemed to be in a hurry —every one appeared to take life quiet ly. Pausing to look in a stationer's shop; she saw a card bearing the inscription "Agency for governesses, companion®,. ladies' maids, butlers, cooks, and do mestic Servants of every capacity." «T may be able to meet with some thing here," thought Hester, as she en tered he . shop ahd advanced te; the" counter, Ibehind which a slender, genteel looking person of- middle age sat quietly reading. -" (To be Continued.) X traveller, recently describing a tro pical shower, wrote to a friend in th following words:—" The rain drop® were extremely large, varying In sin i from a shilling to etghteengeneet - (Commenced Publication,. June L) 