PERSONALITIES. Some of our leading brokers are now working eighteen homwhday. MarkTwain sa^ tha& if he had a Judge Windeyer moved to tears! How the Bulletin has misjudged the man. A well-known Adelaide lawyer is said to have struck it rich in gold stock. J. Med way Bay, when seen lately in Sydney, is said to have been looking worn and worried. Sir Henry Bessemer, " the Steel King," absolutely refuses to giro his autograph to anyone. Miss 0. H. Spence has determined to make the inauguration of the system of effective voting her life work. Lord Rosebery, who is a collector of old relics, recently invested in some slave chains and a mantrap of old slavery days. It is something to have heard Mark Twain tell his own " Blue Jay" story, probably the most humorous effort from his fertile pen. " If you win Wallace are you going to scratch him or wait for the sweep money ?" is what everybody is asking everybody justhow. Melbourne Sun announced in its last issue that Mrs. J. H. Lyons was to play the leading part in <# The Brigands of Barcelona " ou tour. Mr. H. J. White, late of the Herald, seems to have struck a good property out west, for his Adelaide syndicate shares are at a big premium. There is a man in Adelaide who thinks he got his money's worth out of Professor Loisette. He ought to be exhibited in a Freak Museum. " Richard Arthur" compares the Premier to a political Turveydrop. Perhaps Charlie could teach even this high-minded gentleman deportment. Our people are so engrossed in buying and selling shares that they forget all about their creditors. Happy people, but unhappy creditors ! ' ■». + Talking of the writing of poetry Mark Twain says:—•"If you get the sense right there is-no rhyme ; if you get the rhyme right there is no sense." Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, M.P., has been writing to the London Times on the8ubject of Australian mining. And Johnson, he ought to know, you know. Sir John Downer has got over being caricatured with the stump of a cigar in his mouth. At one time such cari catures made him give up smoking altogether. " Ab-Original's " verses, " To Mark Twain" had too much of the appearance of having been made. Some of the lines read like a mining prospectus! Last Saturday night as R. S. Smythe contemplated the Theatre Royal his bosom heaved with pride, and he looked even more Napoleonic than usual. A newspaper man, Sir Algernon Borthwick, has been made a peer. As he is proprietor of a Conservative paper he will probably be known as Lonl Tanglefoot. " Land of the fruitful rabbit," began Mark Twain reading from a home-made poem, but the audience would not allow him to go any further. They screamed withdelight. Cyclist Zimmerman appears to be a modest kind of young fellow, and he is evidently fully determined to maintain his American reputation on Australian tracks. Jimmy Howe, M.P., says that if his pairs were counted it would be found that he Has sufficiently represented his constituents at division time in the House of Assembly. Mark Twain hasn't met a comic Chinaman. He has found John pathetic rather than otherwise. It is evident that John has never done up Mark's duck trousers. Mark Twain is honest. He says that being a stranger in a strange land he hungers for information, and he is not particular whether that informa tion is correct or not. Some of the gallery boys sent a twisted-up programme into the vice regal box on Monday evening. This is a species of larrikinism that might very well be repressed. The ladies and gentlemen who pushed off tickets for the South Aus tralian Sunday School TJnion festival were rewarded with complimentary tickets—to the back seats. Dick Wood, M.P., seems, by some of his own speeches and votes, to be rounding on the Labor Party. Perhaps he no longer regards himself as a member of that Party. Some of the members of the Ade laide Harmonie Society actually think that their recent performance was above criticism. That is the worst of scoring an amateur success. Lord Brassey owns the Broomehill estate of 24,000 acres near Albany, West Australia. By the time he has done he will probably have purchased the whole of insolvent Victoria. What has become of the Flying Machine Company which was projected in Adelaide some months ago 1 Has the inventor given up the ghost or is he still perfecting his invention 1 There were more "goody-goodies" in the Theatre Royal to hear Mark Twain than there have been for many a long day, and they do say that the bars were never better patronised. "Nurse Hawkins has dropped into her place at the Adelaide Hospital just as if nothing had happened." So Quiz was told on Sunday, and he was glad to hear it and to believe it too. As a rule a man's hair turns grey live years sooner than a woman. To ;his might be added the statement that as a rule a woman seldom allows a man to have any hair at all after a certain age. Councillor M. F. Cavenagh is doing too well in Westralia to return to his City Council duties in Adelaide. Rowley Rees is likewise in Perth. The architectural profession must be indeed looking up. It is understood that the inter collegiate match—S.P.S.C. v. P.AC.— this year is to be a two innings one, and that the game will extend over Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, and will be played out. It is said that Dr. Perks had fully made up his mind to leave the Adelaide Hospital, and that his appointment as physician to Sir Thomas Elder had nothing to do with the case. He would have gone any way. "Owing to the nurse suffering from seasickness she and Baby Brassey were sent on from Cape Town to Melbourne by the steamer Damascus." This is just the sort of news that the Aus tralian public yearn to hear. Mr. R. H. Henning, who is leaving Westralia for London next week, went over the border to practise his profession as a lawyer, but got hold of some good mining properties and is now an incipient millionaire. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett should have gained some interesting material in Adelaide for the next issue of the Review op Reviews. An article neaaea "My Stay at Government House " would be good reading. Mrs. Johnson James rebukes the Register musical critic by telling him in so many words that when she sings she is overpowered by emotions which he cannot understand. She politely leaves the last portion to be inferred. Why didn't the dailies send round reporters to our leading medical men to gain information on the point of hysterical would-be criminals ? Had they done so they might have kept up the Bean sensation for days longer. It will be interesting to note how many members of our House of Assembly apply for leave of absence at Melbourne Cup time. The number is not likely to be large this year. There is too much business being done on 'Ghange. Our Lieutenant-Governor has been probably One of the warmest admirers of the American humorist who has just left us, though once or twice when a swear word had to be used by Mr. Clemens he looked as though he wanted to blush. The Mount Barker Courier says that Messrs. R. B. Beresford and R. C. Paltridge, who recently met with a trap accident, have been able to bear with fortitude the pain and discomfort ! resulting by reading particulars of the Bean case. . Gruesome, isn't it ? Some of the Rev. Joseph Berry's congregation at Pirie Street on Sunday evening left the church with very mixed feelings concerning the sermon on 41 The Ethics of Speculation in Shares*" A good many of them are up to their necks in it in the share boom. • The Semaphore Corporation does not believe in playing second fiddle to the Port Adelaide Corporation in the matter of ttie reception of Sir Powell Buxton. " The front door of the colony " sounds large. Bat where does Largs Bay come in ? Oh, Largs Bay. is a part of the Semaphore Corporation, isn't it 1 Mr. W. J. P. Giddings, at one time of the AnyREras^ later one of the Silver Age, and still more recentiy of the Tamworth OBSERVEB, was in Adelaide a day or twp agc^ and intenite to proceed to Westralia, where he will look after the inters of at least two represents tivejournals. Lord and Lady Brassey have surely had enough of open sea yachting for the present. Yet the sea-dog eon of the old millionaire ironmaster will turn up smiling at Largs Bay next Saturday, and will tell our yachting boys ^hat one of thn^plete^^ ^ ^ on the ocean wave is going to the bottom to salute King Neptune eyeiy ^^1^4 Jthe*L What's the matter with some of our Southern seaports? Nobody hears anything about them nowadays. Port Victor after the summer season appears to stagnate; Robe, once the summer seat of a South Australian Governor* seems to be in a state of decay. Why don't the local people let the outside wofidjknow where they are and how they are 1 A considerably high police official has had his conduct towards a lady who has passed^tlm man under investigate, and Quiz is surprised to findthat he has not htul the grace to apologise for what appears like absolute rudeness. Some of our defenders in blue appear to imagine that the wearing of their uniform entitles them to an ordinary citken use9 and unless something like ^an apology is forthcoming in this case Quiz will have something more to say upon subject. . 