PORTFOLIO. Never is the strong man proved greater than he is by humility. S. John the Baptist and his Mission. Hie faith fully fulfilled it-but he never went beyond it. All his preaching, all his influence over men's hearts, was in tended not merely to produce a reformna tion, but it was with the ultimate view of that reformation being the prepara tion of the way for Him that should come. Reformtation was necessary in order that the Coming One might secure a hearing. Men were taught to expect the Comring One. Men were to be made td understand that the Baptism of John was not everything; that it was preparatory for a greater Baptism by One Who would be found greater than the Baptist. Andso we never find him carried away by the enthusiasm of his popularity to assume a position beyond that which was appointed to him. To the very end lie was in a sub ordinate position, and the temptation to overstep its boundary must have been powerful and keen. It is in this respect that we notice his humility, for Ihe never attempted to speak of the difference between himeolf and the king lie was heralding as slight. It was not that hI contented hinmself bysaying, "I am not the Christ"; le went much further, " He that cometh after me is mightier than I, Whose shoes I am not worthy to bear": or "the latchet of Whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose." "I Baptise with water, but Hie shall baptise with the Holy Ghost." " He that cometh after ale is become before me, for He was before me," No selfish ambtition turned him aside from his clearly-defined Mission, that of Witness to Christ. No private ends obscured his vision. With a single heart, and turning neither to the right hand nor to the left, he kept on his oven, straightforward course. The servant of the King, the messenger of the King, the voice to utter His wishes and commands, "the voice of one crying in the wilderness." . . His true humility was attained by measuring himself, not with other men, for that might have made him proud, but by measuring himself with Christ in His unapproachable greatness, and that must keep him low. . . .Iumility is a grace very hard to win, and it can only be won by living in the light of the Saviour's Presence. The light which falls from his Cross discloses our terrible imperfections, and gives us a true know ledge of ourselves.--Canton Matsher. 