The General Election. ELECTORATE OF EAST SsSfilTLAND.. MR. KERR AT EAST MAITLAND. Mr. JameB F. Kerr, ». protectionist candidate for Ea?t Maitland, addres.sed a crowded meeting of electors at the Mechanics' Institute, E«st Maitlaud, lasr, evening. Before the candidate a?cfend.jd the platform it was very evident he was in for a very happy time, as the meeting w-in inclined to be lively. And subsequent proceedings bora out this impression. The candidate at, the outset statt-d it v as one of his democratic principles that every meeting he addressed should elect its own chair man, ana m accordance witn r.nis custom ne nssea someone to propose a gentlemin to take the chair. Several were proposed, but declined the honour, but at length Aldarniau Waller was proposed, and rhi3 gentleman, for the purpose of giving the can didate fair play, consented, and be-spoke for ' their opponent' a fair and impartinl hearing. . Mr. Kerb, who was applauded, said he admired the conduct of the Ohairrrjun., It' there was onO thing he admired of another, ir. was when there was a difference between them in politics that they could be manly to each other. They should always give an opponent the same privileges they claimed for themselves. He was appearing in this contest in the roll of a candidate for Parli-unpntnry honours, and he was not going to offer any apology in com ing out straight forwardly to get, their opinion of him. He was not treading on foreign ground when he enme to East Maitland. He was a native of Maitland, where he was born in 1844. He bad never done anything in his life r,hat. had brought discredit or disgrace on his native town. He ap ppared before them bpeaure he would not lend him self to anything of a dishonourable, character. Had he valued gold instead of his uand name, he. could have retired from that contest., but he would not do so because he Wf,uld then have proved unfaithful to his friends in Morpeth and Minmi who had asked him to contest that electorate. He «aa the only candi date appearing before them who was in favour of encouraging and fostering native industries, to protect the working .men of tho country from the unfair competition of foreign labour. He said let them look after their own people, and let the foreigners go to the devil. (Applause.) He was going to give them a sensational statement. No person who ever stood upon a political platform had ever given them such a statement as he would give them. He was going to open their eyes. He was sroing to be sacrificed by a man who a year ago took him by the hand and promised to f-npport him. He referred to Alexander Brown, and the manner he treated him in this election. After leaving Morpeth nine years ago he tried to form a pro tectionist league at Newcastle, because he thought the time had arrived to take such st-»ps when they found so many people walking about in a state of starvation. He called a meeting at which between 150 and 200 people wr;re present, and they formed the society. He was plected president, and there were three vice-presidenta. Shortly after this, having heard so much of Mr. Brown, and his opinions regarding colonial industries, they passed rules that any person coming forward as a candidate for Parliament;, bis name had to come before that body. Mr. Brown headed the poll on his (the speaker's) recomrapndation. The result was he was the means of placing Mr, Brown in Parliament, where be made a name for himself. When he came forward again he thought Mr. Brown was true to bis principles to- cherish the industries of his own countrymen, and he stuck to him again. He moved again that Mr. Brown be one of the protectionist cindidat.es. He was put afc the head of the list again through the speaker's popularity. At the election Brown was defeated He took it to heart more thau Mr. Brown. Then Mr. Brown was true to his priuciples, and ad vocated those principles to hi3 satisfaction. He was then in an humble occupation earning £2 or £2 10s a week. He said ' we have lost a good man to the country, and let us recognise that loss.' He took a Hot round Wallsend and Lambton, and lost two days' wages, besides giving 5s towards the testimonial, so that he could not pay his butcher or his baker on the Monday. Mr. Brown after wards said to him, ' I know you are the moving spirit in this, and I can't tell you the gratitude I owe you.' Well, he had never sines asked Mr. Brown for a billet or for a single concession of any kind. He had never prostituted his political con science for any man. He was invited to contest that election by letters from farmers in Morpeth and miners in Minmi asking him to come forward. Last week in Morpeth he was asked if he was going to the poll, and would he be true to them if they accepted him as their candidate. He said ' Yes ; I have no meanB in the world. I will go' to the poll. I will not deceive you if I have to walk round on my uppers to the people.' A week after this he found Mr. Brown brought out a gentleman named Mr. Clift, a freetrader and a squatter, showing his inconsistency. Mr. Brown said, he was protectionist, but he was supporting a freetrade candidate. He that was not for them waB against them. Of Brown heconld say ' Since man to man is so unjust, we know not in whom to plnce our trust.' He never thought Mr. Brown would have taken that step. He had placed himself in the hands of the enemy. He would quote the English language to show them Mr. Brown was no longer a protectionist. He would give them the definition according to Chambers' dictionary— not Chambers of East Mait land. (Uproar.) He would show them Alex Brown was no longer a protectionist, but a fcwitor to tha cause. (Go on, and laughter.) The meaning of a protectionist was 'one who seeks to encourage home industries, or by prohibitive duties on foreign industries.' Mr. Brown had deserted him, whom he had no right to desert. He was unfaithful to his principles and his party. He would not; say that Mr. Brown was what the dictionary said he was, but he would ask anyone if this was not correct : — ' Renegade — one faithless to principle or party, a deserter.' (Up roar. ' Is that the Bible ?') He could not help the English language. Well, he was taken away from Maitland afc three years of age to the diggings. He had only six months' education, but his mother taught him. She could speak seven different lan guageB. (' How many ?' Uproar.) Ask Mrs. Crothers, Mrs. Hughes, or anyone who knew her. (Laughter.) He would come to the point to show how cruelly he had been used. He. entered that contest without means — he hadn't as much, as would jingle on a torhbotone. He applied to the National Protection Association in Sydney, which was going to help any candidate to enter upon the contest. He saw Mr. Lyne.and told him he wanted support as he was a protectionist candidate. Mr. Lyne said the pirfcy had decided to support Mr. Clift, that his (Mr. Kerr's) chance was not good enough. He told them they were helping to place a freetrader in the field, saying ' I am the only pro tectionist candidate in the field. I have an un blemished character. There is anr address presented to me by the residents of Coo nabarabran, and another by the residents of Morpeth, signed by John GillipB, M.L.A., who also sent down a cheque for £2 towards a testimonial to me. That is quite enough to show you what my character is. I have tho popularity in the electorate, but not the means. I want some assistance. If you give me that I pro mise you I'll give a good account of myself.' But he found there was an inclination to throw him over in favour of the freetrade candidate. Was that consistent with tbeir principles ? . (' No, no.' Uproar.) At last they agreed to pay his expenses if he would sign a document that if the Association wanted him to retire he would do so. He refused. He said, ' I have many fiiends in tho electorate. I will sign no document. I value my good name more than gold.' They had thrown over a true protectionist, and gone to the other side. The Chairman of the Association, however, the manager of the Soap and Candle Works, was in his favour. He said, ' You shall receive the support of this Union.' But then they asked him to take a monetary consideration and keep out of the contest. He said 'No; if I can't go in on my prin ciples and my popularity I don't want your money. It would be uawortby of a man to take it/' He told them he would go to the poll under any condi tion, and they could blame themselves if the seat ?were lost, because they were supporting a man who had not the ghost of a show. He told them the miners would not support e, nquatter. What had Mr. Clifb done ? When the boot wag pinching him he rushed forward to serve the working man. (Hear, hear1) Then the Committee asked him if he would accept a monetary consideration, that they had not really decided against him, but would consider his offer. They then offered him £5. He took it and had expended it, the last £1 going to pay for that hall. Really he had not a shilling in the world. A paragraph in the Newcastle Herald he considered insulting to him. It stated that ' It was the intention of the executive committee of the Association, which had been for some days past carefully considering the East Maitland electorate, that as it was the strong hold of freefcrade, it had been decidel to abandon the contest.' They might have consulted him. But ho was going to stand if he only polled sir votes. His name was good fora fortnight's rations. He did not care if they crucified him, they could not drive him from the protectionist cause. His desire was to protect the industries of the country, so as they might build up a great nation and give em ployment to the people. Many a better man than he went down for a more unworthy cause. He hoped Mr. Brown, with all his eloquence, when he came forward again would answer the English lan guage in the dictionary. (Applause.) When he was in Maitland fourteen years ago, he went to the waterworks and protested against immigrants being employed there in place of their own men at lower wages. At Greta, too, he called a meet ing to oppose the system of immigration then followed. He had been among the miners there, and if he could do them any good he would iD return for former kindnesses to him. He pointed out then that by bringing out a lot of the starving population from other countries through the immigration depot they would be making an army of unemployed— that they would be glad to take work at lower rates. The resolution he moved was 'That the present system of immigration is injurious to the best interests of the country and should be abolished at the earliest possible date.' He after wards formed a branch of the protection league at West Maitland, and the Messrs. Ferry of EaBt Maitland were the ablest members of that body. He always admired them because they walked over from the East — they were poor men and had no chance to ride. There was no ^£300 to hold out as n bait them. That society took a successful part in the dispute at the waterworks — when the Govern ment were sending up 50 of there immigrants to take the place of 50 other men there at a shilling a day less. With regard to the Upper House he did not think Reid was in earnest with his legislation. They would remember that after Reid got into power the first thing he did before he sent- any measure to the Upper House was to start abusing its members. He was not in favour of the Upper House, and be was not going to defend it. But Mr. Reid always abused them. He sent bills to the Upper House he never intended to pasa at all. He insulted members before he sent his bills there, just to please the Labour party. If Reid had been in earnest in his efforts to reform the Upper House he need not have gone to the country at all. They would make every member stand up at Newcastle. Reid had a majority of 36 or 38 at his back, so had no occasion to go to the country at an expense of .£50,000 for a general election. Reid said he would, when he got into power, at once ivipe out the pro tection duties, which were paralying the industries, and which were so bnrdensome to the working men of the country. He said, too, he would remove the labour difficulty in ten hours. After that they had his assurances about the Upper House. Reid was not appealing to the people of the country, but was humbugging them. Look at the thousands of people who were unemployed. If he removed the sugar duties he would throw 30,000 men out of em ployment, and the same with the soap and candle, the kerosense, and other industries, which would add 40 or 50 thousand people to the unemployed. But Reid must do something. His game was reformation ; he knew it was the popular cry with the people. Reid had no right to waste their funds in an election. Better to distribute it among the starving pupulation this cursed freetrade had brought upon them. Did anyone in that hall belive that the present was a demo cratic Government ? (' Yes'). He would give an illustration. As soon as Reid came into po.ver he appointed the aristocratic Jack Want Attorney General, and he bossed the whole nhow. ['No: Simpson.'] Jack Want was the man who tried to , prevent the election of working men to the As sembly by his opposition to payment of members. Then before Want ~as an hour in power the Government gave him three months' leave of absence on full pay. Ee went to Fiji and got on the booze with old King Thakarabau. (Laughter, and uproar.) He went round teaching the coloured ladies the arts and sciences of the London aris tocracy, smoking cigarettes, and hunting after bananas. That was how he earned his salary. They gave Judge Simpson three months' holidays to make room for Want, and to make room for Simpson they took Judge Foster out in the full vigour of life and strength and gave him a pension of .£1800 a year. They tried to give Eddy £4000 a year. No man living was worth that. But the Government were prepared to do this because the Commissioners had cut down the working men's wages. Then look afc Centennial Park. The Government wanted that beautified, and took poor wretches there to wheei pand for their grub. That was democracy. (Uproar.) He had always fought for labour. Last week when in Sydney he went oufr to Centennial Park, and saw the poor men working there. One poor wretch had his toes out through his trousers — (uproar) — his toes out of his boots — (Oh, oh, uproar) — ib was only a slip of the tongue. (Uproar.) This poor man had the back side out of his trousers. There was no work in the country they told him, and they had to work for their grub. That was brought about by the Labour members — the solidarity party. The Con ciliation and Arbitration bill was eenfc to the Upper House — that bill would have done more good than any ever passed because it would settle all the strikes, but Jack Want threw it under the table — (uproar.) The Premier — (boo, boo, and uproar). He said if the Premier was in earnest lie would have called on his colleague for an explanation, but no, he stood it all quietly. When the Income and Land Tax bills went before the Council, Want in moving for them to be passed said he would tear them to shreds and throw them under the table — why did not the Premier call upon his colleague then. He told them he was not in sympathy with the bill. The present Electoral Act was very im perfect. It disfranchised 15,000 men. He believed in one man one vote, but the conditions of the bill proposed by Government was one man one vote for the upper classes and one man no vote for the lower. (Uproar.) The Act should be as long as an elector bad a right to vote he ought to be able to vote in any booth in any part of the country. (Hear, hear.) The most im portant question of the day was federation. It affected the working classes more than any other question. The colonies could not separately legislate on the coloured labour question. They Bhould prevent alien races from coming into their ports. They were not going to open their ports to the Kanaka labour of Queens land. In the sugar industry white men got 6s 6d per day, and-the Kanaka labourer lOd. Were they going to support a policy which would strangle the labour industry of the country ? Were they going to throw their ports open to the prison-made goods of America? (Uproar. There was so much in terruption afc this stage that the chairman was unable to restore order. Mr. Kerr asked the boys to give him a show. Many a time when he was going alo&g; riding if he saw a boy he would pick him up and give him a lift. More laughter and interruption.) He thought the Local Government Bill one of the best introduced by the Government, and if they had been in earnest about it they would not; have thrown it under the table. ^Ie had a lot of experience in land. He was President of the Free Selectors' Association afc Coonabarabran for seven years, so he could speak witb. authority on the question. The Government were willing to drop the exemptions and tax the farmers. Was this fair. (Uproar.) The only land tax he believed in waa on the unimproved value— (uproar),— so as to burst up the big estates. (Uproar). When the polling day came he hoped they who believed in Australian progress would stand as one man, charge themselves with the ammunition of colonial industry — Australia for the Australians— and blow up these foreign barricados. (Uproar.) When they did that this colony would be brought back to its prosperity, but not before. He thanked them for the hearing fchoy had given him, and if they thought him fit they could vote for him ; if not scratch his name off. (Hear, hear, and uproar.) Mr. Thob. Marr essayed to npaak, but amidst the din and uproar it was impossible to hear him. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded a very noisy meeting. ?' 