fit Sisrsislbru ^ * (i ? t IIS OWI ACCUSER . ? : — © ? BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY. CHAPTER IV. They walked in silence side by side, as \- lovers do, Phil's thoughts on the past, hers on the future. Tbe recent death of Eddie Wilde and the scare in the wood had set her thoughts going in a nervous strain, Presently she drew her arm through Phil's, and, looked up into his troubled fnpft ? Phil,' she said, softly, ' I want you to do me a great favor ?' ? What is it, darling ? ' ' I am afraid you will laugh at me, bat — but yoH know what a horror I have of shooting and killing .?' ' Yes,' ho answered with a start. ' Well, I want you to promise me to give up shooting and never touch a gun again ! ' ? W— why ? ' he stammered. ' It is only my fancy, and a very fool ish one no doubt, but—but it seems so cruel, and so dangerous, and — and it is the only thing I have ever asked yon to give up for my sake, Will you do it, Phil?' He was trembling and pale as he looked into her soft blue eyes. In his own there was a wild earnestness she could not understand. He raised his hat from his head, and looking heavenward, there and then took an oath. ' Yes, before my Maker,' he cried ' I . swear it — I will never touch a gun more ? — never, as long as I live, so help me God 1 ' . . — Then overcome by the tempest within him he clasped her to his heart sobbing like a woman. VPauiinei Pauline, you must bear with me ! ' he cried. f You cannot under stand and— and I cannot exp'ain.' ' Phil,' Phil, tell me what it is!' she cried; clinging to him in alarm. Tell me. What have I said — what have I done?' ? I cannot tell you.' ? Tell me, Phil — tell me what I can do to comfort you.' . ' You can do nothing, Pauline. Leave me to my wretchedness.' ' I cannot leave you so Phil.' ' Yes;- yes,' he said, mastering himself with an effort, 'better go.- It is getting ; dark. There is the high road again. Goodbye.' Once more he kissed her, then turned . and hurried away, leaving her astonished and hurt, gazing after him witl^tear-be. dimmed eyes until he disappeared in tho darkness of the wood. She almost ex pected he would return, but she was dis . appointed. He had fled from her in so strange a mood. What could it mean 1 CHAPTER Y. THE G0N IN THE WOOD — WHOSE IS IT ?— : ANOTHER SHOOTING AFFAIR— A ' VOICE IN THE STORM. ' Let us go again into the wood to the point where the watchful collie bad scented mischief. It is getting dark. The sun has set and twilight mists are setting over the field's. In the wood it is darker still, but there is just light enough to distinguish the footpaths. The hazel bushes here and there stand out like giant goblins, while the little patches of light in be tween take upon themselves the likeness of grey ghosts. Deep in the wood, where no footpaths mark' the way and the bracken covers all the ground, two men are cautiously moving one behind tho other, making their way with difficulty through the en tangled bushes. The foremost is acting as guide to the second, in whose heavy, slouching figure it is easy to recognise Job Cassidy. ' It's down 'ere or 'ereabouts, Job,' said the first man. ' I was just a-laying 'old of it by the barrel when a bloomin' great sheep dorg comes a snapping round my 'eels and I cut it slippy.' The man spoke with an accent that stamped him at once as hailing from Wbifecbapel. It was Cassidy's friend, Nobson, the poacher, a light, spare man, slippery as an eel and alert as a squirrel, with a merry twinkle in his eye and a joke ever ready at the tip of his tongue. ' Are you sure it's about 'ere?' said Job, in a whisper, turning to the loft. 1 It was under a big bush with a little bush aside oft. Hist! what was that ?' Both men stopped and listened. ' Bain't nothing,' said the stolid Job, after a moment. ' The wind's a-getting up, that's all. We shall have rain afore long.' 'It seems a bit lonesome here, don't it ?' said Nicky, peering into the gloom of the wood. ' I feel nervous like as if keepers wa9 about.' ' No fear of keepers,' grunted Job. ' Ah ! 'ere we are,' said Nicky, sud denly stopping before a bush and kick ing away the bracken from the bottom ; 'it's in 'ere.' ' Where ?' ' Here,' snid Nicky, dropping on his knees. ' Strike a light.' Job struck a light, which fluttered in the breeze and went out. ' Ail right, I see it,' said Nicky, div ing his hand into the underwood ; 'hero it is,' and ho drew out from its hiding place a double-barrelled gun. ' Light another, and let's have a look at 'irn.' Job lit another light, and kneeling beside his companion ran tho light a'ong thegan, examining it from muzzlo to stock. ' One trigger's cocked, Job. It's loaded ; be' keerful. It's a good 'un, ain't it ?' ' Beauty,' replied Job, laconically. ' Whoso is it ? That's what I want to know,' said Nicky. ' It don't belong to no pals of ours.' ' No, that's no poacher's gun, Nicky ; that's a gentleman's gun, one as cost a twenty-pun note ot least.' The light went out and left them in darkness again. ' Wot's it mean, Job !' wbispored Nicky. 'Idunno.', ' I know, Job — it means shootin'.' ' Of course it does ; any fool knows that. It's a gun, ain't it ?' said Job, testily. 'But wot does the gen'leman want to 'ide it for, eh ? I come upon it looking for a place to set a snare, and I was sur prised so sudden by the dorg that I 'ad to bolt like winking. Let's 'ave another look at it. Strike another light.' Again a light flickered unsteadily in the wind, which was rising rapidly and moaning mournfully through the lonely expanse of tbe wood. ' Hush !' cried Nicky, suddenly dash ing the light out of his companion's hand. 'Listen! I knew I 'eard sum mat.' There wos a lull in the wind, and for a while the rustling leaves were still. ' There's someone in the wood, I swear,' whispered Nicky. Both men listened again. ' There, don't you hear it ?' ' Better put it back again,' whispered Job. ' Listen ! there again ! ' ' Put it back,' said the timid Job ; ' it gives me the creeps to see you a-listenin' when I can't hear nothing. Put it back. It wouldn't do for me or you to be found with a gun the likes o' 'hat about us.1 Nicky slipped the gun back under the hedge softly, and listened again. ' Come away Nicky, we— — ' ' Down, Job, down,' whispered Nicky, lying down almost flat on his face and pulling Job down with him. ' Keep still Can't you hear now ?— on the other side of the bush. {To be, continued .) 