A FEDERAL PROCEDURE BILL. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, ALLAN CAMPBELL. North-terrace, February 5, 1895. Sir—Your fair, sympathetic, and suggestive criticism of my letter on the above topic has gratified me. With the fear before my eyes of taking up too much of your space many details were necessarily omitted. This has been no lass, but rather a. pain to the discussion- Your criticism lias shown me more clearly than before the direction these details should take. The difficult}- you point out with respect to the lrasis on which the Conferences should !>e elected is one of positive moment. By means of two Conlercnees, however, I am jxrsuadod tlie difficulty can be reduced to a minimum. If the scheme limited itself to one Conference, then in the absence of the popular veto at the final stage your objection is unanswerable, but with two Conferences in cluded it is not unanswerable. You doubtless speak the truth when you say " Federation is largely a question of conditions," and, let mo add, it is a question of fair compromises even in the matter of procedure The spirit of this scheme is one of compromise, with the object firet of obtaining the best possible form of federal constitution agreeable to the genius of the Australian people; and, second, of securing the highest degree of probability in getting it finally carried. As to the basis on which the election of representatives to the two Conferences it should be different in each. The .first' should be on the basis proposed by the Premiers meet ing at Hobart, viz., 10 representatives for each colony, CO members in aIL The reason for this is that all the colonies, large and small, should be induced to enter it; the smaller particularly because it gives them equality of influence in debates and decisions. But this will not satisfy the larger colonies. They may take part in a Conference constituted on such a basis, but thefts! question is—Will they pursue the matter any further? Will they be so entku riastic over federation as to set aside their enormous population disparity? Your criti cism confirms me in the conviction that the larger colonies will not overlook thepopula lation factor, and the question arises—How is it to be brought in? I myself think it ought to come in, and the suggestion is that the second Conference is the one in which it should find a place. The way in which it should be done is an illustration of the spirit of compromise wiiich the whole question of fede ration demands. To place, however, the second Conference on a basis exclusively gauged by population would be as unlikely to succeed as the first. There must be a combination of the method adopted in the first Conference with the additional element of population in it. I shall best show how this could be done in this way. The population of the several colonies is in round numbers:— The Conference should consist of the earna number of members as the first, that is, 60. Thirty members should be allotted on the equality basis, viz., five representatives for each colony. The remaining 30 on the basis of one representative for every 100,000 of the ponuation. This would give to West Aus tralia 5, South Australia 8, Victoria 16, New Saudi Wales 10, Queensland 9, and Tasmania U representatives.. By this means fair emphasis would be given to each of die two elements in the basis. The minor colonial would if combined weigh well in the delibera tions and decisions of the Conference, while the major colonies mould have acceded to them their justifiable claim to a fairly increased representation. It is clear, therefore, that if the position has to be met—and I agree with you that if federation is to come it must bo met—this, then, is the most rational method that has been proposed. It has a spirit of fairness and compromise, while at the same time it is eminently simple and practicable. It is a method, however, in which the impatient politician, who wishes to see everything accomplished in a few months' time, will not find a comfortable place. It will demand tune, and surely if any matter these days re quires time for its consideration and ultimate elucidation it is the great question of federa tion. If the Premiers at Hobart agree to some scheme which will pot meet the points as now set out, no prophet is wanted to say that their scheme is doomed at some stage to be a failure in Home of the colonies, probably in such colonies of influence as will lead to the abandonment for a time of th? whole matter. An important modification of my first sug gestion arises to me through the perusal of your criticism. It will not alter the Bcheme bat give it more Elasticity, a quality seriously to be aimed at in the procedure. It would prove very advantageous and give larger freedom of choice to each colony before entering the federal compact if a clause were inserted in the Procedure Bill, providing that the Parliament of any colony by passing a resolution for the purpose might order a second popular vote to tie taken by referendum before proceeding to the election of representatives for the second Conference. If the electors decided against proceeding further, then the colony so deciding would stand out. This would still give the great body of the people the control of the general question, while the details in all their complexity and difficulty would remain to be deal with by the Conference. The draft of the constitution as prepared by the first Con ference and the comments of the judges would be before the public, and no colony would be compelled to enter. Yet as modifications might be secured in a second Conference, constituted as above, all might still be in- ■ duced to proceed. If the results of a one Con ference scheme are to be submitted to the popular vote without any further inducement to lead them on I fear there is not the ghost of a chance for federation assuming a tangihln form during the present generation. This is theschemelrespectfully submit It does not de mand a very large amount of enthusiasm in tin federal question, only an intelligent recognition of the value of federation for itself, and a moderate amount of the spirit of compromise, or rather mutual sacrifice tor a. great cause. I will recount the steps now that constitate the proposal:— 1\. A referendum on the question—shall «• federate? 2\. A conference of 60 members, elected on a basis of equality of representation. 3\. Report by a, conclave of judges. 4\. A second referendum, if required by any Parliament in any colony, on the question— ** Shall we elect representatives to the seoand. Federal Conference f 5\. A second Conference of GO members, elected partly on the equality basis and partly on the population basis. 6\. The Imperial assent to the Bui passed by the second Conference. In all these steps there is a, fatrly divided responsibility laid upon all parties concerned— the electors first, the Parliaments next, and the representatives forming the Conference last. The Parliaments would require to pass the Procedure Bill, when the programme would be fully discussed, the electors would have the two referendums and the election of representatives by which to express their will, while the representatives as the pick of the community would have the _ intelligent handling of "principles and details, which only superior in telligence and superior experience would enable them to deal with. Each party would do their share, and at the same time no one colony would be brought into the federal compact without the fullest and freest expres sion of its own intelligence and its own wilL— West Australia .. South Australia.. Victoria .. New Sooth Wales Queensland 60,000 320.000 .. 1,140.000 ... 1,140,1100 400,000 .. 146.000 