BEGLUSE OF HALLOW HALL. "Yes, ma'am," said old Miles Galbiaith to me. " Yes, I can tell you as queer a tale as liere and there a one. In fact, if yon find one to beat it, Fil forego that little acknowledg ment you promised me." " He, Miles," was my amused retort. "You have already received the little ackjiowledg- ; ment in question, and have spent part of it. So how can yon forego it?" " Indeed, ma'am, it's all right. You see, I know the little ways of ladies and gentle men. They always pay half when they make the bargain, and the other half at the end of the stoty." "ffmyou're very cute, ides. But it will all depend upon what you have to tell me." " Then well consider it settled, ma'am, if yon please, so here goes. "When I first went to be Mr. hElsom's gardener and coachman, he had quite a staff of servants in the house, for .he. still kept considerable company. Among these servants was Jenny Pryce, the under \- housemaid, as canny a girl as ever went to a place, and I thought myself lucky when she promised to marry me. But Mr. Wright, the butler, didn't half like it. He was fond of her himself, and both he and the housekeeper had a lot to say about how foolish she was to promise to marry anybody whose station was r so inferior to a butler's. All the same Jenny had her own notions'oa the subject, and at last j&e; bad fcoshufc him up somewhat sharply. " When the master heard about our love affair, he was very good indeed to us. and fur nished the little cottage in which we live to this day. The butler was never veryfriendl to us, and would have cleared me off the pre mises, if he could have done so. The master, however, soon after this, took to very queer ways. It was said that he had been crossed in . love, and that be had vowed nerer . to look in a woman's face again. • "Be that as it may, he withdrew from al society, and by degrees even ceased to walk about in bis own grounds.' Then he made an arrangement with his solicitor, whereby we were all put on board wages, and very liberal they were too. Jenny came in for them as well, as she was supposed to be the master's laundress now that she. was married, though it's mighty little washing he ever gave her to do. There was henceforth no interference in anything we did, there being certain rales pre scribed by the master, and as long as we con formed to these rales, we were all to keep our comfortable places. "For twoor three years Mr. Mflsom lived on like that, never going out, and never seeing anybody. Az last he wouldn't even take his meals in the dining or breakfast-rooms, but had one end of the house disconnected from the other part, that we * could only approach his' rooms by one door. These rooms were very _ comfortably furnished with all sorts of beautiful things collected by the master's orders, from other parts of the house. The (room that he called his library had thousands of books in it. " The first room that we altered from the corridor was the one in which he took all his meals, and after a time we were forbidden to go any further. "We would enter this room, clean it, set out bis food very elaborately on the table, and then retire, only returning when we heard his bell ring for ns to dear the things away. There would always be a paper on the table containing various orders. But the master himself no longer appeared to give them ' in person. In fact, for several years not one of us was permitted to see him, and he always kept his door locked when he was in his dining* room* "At first these eccentricities caused a deal of comment. Bat by-and-by the neighbourhood found new sensations to talk about, and the 'Recluse of Hallow Hall,' as Mr. 3£3som came to be called, was by lots of people entirely for gotten. • • "But although- we were not permitted to look upon, the master's face, he did not allow us to forget his presence, for he was very particular about the food he ate. He liked several courses to each meal. And they had to he beautifully cooked, or he would tell us his opinion pretty plainly. The fruit X raised for him had to be of the very finest, too, or he wonld threaten to dismiss me. This, however, did not often happen, for wo all smew that we wonld never get such another comfortable place, where we all did pretty nearly as we liked, and we were careful to see that the master had as little cause for complaint as possible. "If any of ys had an apology to make, or anything to ask him, we would write what we wanted to say on a piece of paper each. These papers wonld be put on the table with the master's meals,' and we would receive our answers soon after. * "The only body that ever seemed in dined to grumble at this queer state of affairs was Mr. Wright, the butler, and he was never satisfied. First he growled about one thing, then about another, and he was altogether so ill- tempered that the rest of us threatened to complain of him in a body. " 'I think the best thing: you can do, Mr. "Wright, is to clear out. You hare got too big for your place, to my thinking.* This was what the housekeeper said to him one day, and you should have seen the evil look he put on his face as he shook his fist at her, and shouted, 'Maybe I will leave the place mighty soon, and in a way you little expect, too.** " And sure enough, he disappeared that very night, and ereiything went to prove that it was a deliberately planned flight. None of us felt sorry at losing him. But we were all con siderably dismayed to find that the greater part of the family plate had disappeared with him. He most have had enough to do to carry it away unnoticed and unheard. At first we didn't know what to do. Then I suggested going for the police. But thehousekeeper said, * No, we must do nothing without asking the master's advice first.' " To this we agreed, and an account of the butler's disappearance, together with a list of the tilings he had stolen, was written, and taken in with the breakfast. Presently there was a furious peal at the bell, and the house keeper asked me to fetch the note we felt sure the master had been writing. "'Be quick, Galbraith,' said she. Tmon tenterhooks to know how he'll take it, and what we are to do. Perhaps he'll come out of his shell now, and live more like a civilised human being. He used to set great store 1 the silver plate. It's been izl his family more than 200 years.' "But so far from coming out of his shell, the master became, if possible, a more confirmed recluse than ever. His instructions to us were brief, and to the point. ' Take no steps to dis cover Wright,* was his order. * Let his greed be his own punishment. What he has stolen does not equal tie legacy I would have left him. Henceforth, do not name him to me. Let him be as one dead. And do not expect a successor in his place. My wants become fewer as I get more feeble, and I cannot tolerate the idea of having new people about the house. But I never forget those who are faithful to me, and a word to the wise is sufficient.' " We took this last to mean that he would remember us in his will if we served him well. Bnt this we always had done, so well, indeed, that we couldn't improve ourselves. Soon after this there was a letter to Mr. MQsom's solicitors to be forwarded. Then a very big one was sent, to which. Mr. Crowday, the lawyer, brought back an answer, and, being curions, he went and laid it on the master's table himself. But all was as quiet as it generally was, and he went away no wiser for his pains. Before he went he told the house keeper that the master had been making a new. will. Bnt he wouldn't say what it was. "Soon after this a queer rumour arose in the neighbourhood. It was said that the butler had been murdered, and that bis ghost haunted the park belonging to Hallow Hall. I don't know that we exactly believed this rumour, but we none of us cared to he out too late alone at night. "After a while we began to think the master must be failing, for he was often a whole day without taking any of the food that was so carefully prepared for him. This made us anxious, and we used to' listen more intently than ever for any sign of life within the rooms we were not allowed to enter. But this sort of thing went on for five years, and by that time the folks in the neighbourhood looked upon both the house and the grounds as uncanny and haunted* « One day Jenny and I were both indoors, helping the housekeeper, as she was having a thorough' cleaning down. As was often the rase, I took my turn at carrying some of Mr. Milsom's food into his dining-room. Bat I no sooner set foot in it than I heard a horrible groaning in one of the inner rooms. | For a moment I looked as scared as did Jenny, ! who was with me. Then I rushed at the door, j and never rested iiH I had broken it down. ! " At last I was inside the place I had often been so curious about. But X shall never forget how astonished X was at what X saw. " On a rich Turkey carpet which covered the door lay a man writhing in pain. I rushed to} h\mJ and raised on to the conch—not my master, as X had expected, hut Wright, tho ex-butler I He was in. horrible agony, but he | actually twisted his features into a grin when he saw my amazement. "'Yes, it's me^' he gasped; 'I've been living here all these years in clover, and none of you fools any wiser for it, though X doubt I'm done for now.' " 'But the master?' I asked. " 'Been dead more than fiveyears. It can't hurt me now to confess. X killed him, and buried him under the blighted oak in the park.' " I let go of Wright when I heard this. By that time all the rest of the household came flying in. Wright had accidentally swallowed some poison, and died that night. Before he died he told ns how he managed to get at the old master and kill him. By means of a pass key he had had made for him, he was able to get into the inner room, and the rest was easy. He removed the diver, knowing that we would think he had stolen it. He had for months imitated the master's writing, and effectually deceived everybody. The reputed ghost which had been seen in the park was himself. He got in and out through an old cellar, and when we thought he was ailing, because his food was not eaten, he was enjoying himself elsewhere. He had procured large sums of money through Mr. Hilsom's solicitors, who certainly wondered, bat did not hesitate to supply iL He meant to have made one more haul, ere leaving Hallow Hall for ever, when he made the fatal mistake which ended his life. ' " Sure enough, we found the master's body under the oak, and removed it, in a suitable coffin, to the family vault. "Of course the will which Wright had written was useless. For -nre were rather sorry, as it provided handsomely for us alL Still, we have no need to grumble, for the gentleman who succeeded to the estate as heir at-law—the^ being no will—treated ns all very well. In fact, we're his servants to this day, and we've no notion of seeking fresh places. Thank you, ma'am; X knew you would like my tale." 