Sly Three Strange ©reams. Propound the query, "Are there ghosts?" to 100 adult people, as you come to them in turn, and ninety-live will return a prompt negative. Propound the query, "Is there anything in dreams ?" to 100 adults, and it w doubtful if one-fifth of them will reply m the negative. Indeed, it may safely be asserted that at least ninety-five adults out of every hundred the world over have had dreams which were wholly or in part fulfilled- It isn't so very wonderful that the mmd should refuse to sleep with the body, and Bhould wander away from it into strange realms; but "having dreamB"and "seeingghosts' are placed so nearly on a level by scoffers that one fears to own to a dream which has coma true. And yet 05 per cent, of us behave in dreams, whether we admit it or not. In my time I have had three remarkable dreams. While no more remarkable than hundreds of others given to the public, I would not give them here except they had once been publioly talked about, criticised, and shown to be remarkable. The first occurred when I was eleven years of age. At that time my father told his farm in Lorain County, Ohio, and purchased another on the banks of the Ohio Kiver, about twenty miles below Cincinnati. This was in the spring of 1852\. I had a felon oil my foot—what is called a "frog felon"—when we moved, and was uot able to be out of the house for tivo weelre. There was another period of ten or twelve days in which I had to use a crutch. The back end of our farm tcuohed the river, and was quite heavily wooded. I wanted to go down there, boy-like, but was not yet able to do so, when I fell asleep on the lounge in the sitting-room one afternoon and had thiB dream. I dreamed of seeing two men on the river in a skiff. One was a heavy-set villanoua-Iooking fellow with cloee-cropped hair and whiskers. The other was a lighter and younger man, with black hair and a moustache. One had on a cap, and the other a hat. The older man had a large silver ring on a finger of the right hand, and he was using the oars. The name of the boat was the Gem. Had I been wide awake and looking at the two men and the boat from a distance of fige feet I could not have seen them more clearly. What seemed queer to me in my dream, however, was the fact that I could not hear their voioes. I flaw their lips move, but I could cot catch their tones. The men stood landed in the mouth of a creek, where their boat was hidden by the bushes. When they stepped ashore tbey carried an eld-fashioned carpet bag between them. They walked atvay from the river into the timber until they came to a tree which had been turned up by the roots. The cavity thus made was full of dead leaves, and in this place they bid the bag. Then they looked about to fix the location, and, after a few minutes, returned to their boat and rowed away. They were orossing the river when mother called to me and broke my sleep and the dream. I told her what I had seen, but she laugbed at it. When father oame in I told him, and he was at once interested. He said there waB a creek just as I had described, and he believed he had noticed an uprooted tree, and he promised to go to the spat next morning. He was called away, however, and three days later, and during his absence, I limped out into the woods. I found the oreek without trouble, and thence I went straight to the upturned tree and foun3 the bag. Everything looked as familiar to me as if I had seen it before. The satchel was not only there, but it waB so heavy that I could not lift it. I returned to the house and told mother, and we took a hand sled down, and in that way conveyed it to the house. There we opened it and found two bags containing four hundred Mexican silver dollars each, together with silver knives, spoons, and forks, and some costly jewellery. Father oame home that night and at once notified the Sheriff, and then we learned that the plunder was the result of two burglaries in Cincinnati. A deteotive came down to see us. He was a hard head, who wouldn't believe in anything he couldn't see, but he had to go down before my dream. My description. of the men tallied with that of two fellows under suspicion, and a watob was at once plaoed at the mouth of the creek. It was ten days before the men returned, and were taken into custody, and they ha'd not been nnder arrest an hour when they confessed to the robbery. The detective hated to give in to the dream theory, and I think he went away believing that I was out in the wood and saw the men land. I could not have walked there, to begin with, and mother was in the room all the time I lay sleeping. It was exaotly as I have told you, and the jeweller sent me down one hundred of those big silver dollars to show his gratitude at my reoovering $2,000 worth of his property. About three years later I went to visit an aunt in Eastern Kentucky. It was near a hamlet of half a dozen bouse;, and, of course, I soon knew all the people. Four or five miles away lived an old bachelor who was known as the hermit. He was then fifty yearh old, lived all alone, and people said he had money buried under his fireplace. He dressed in rags and went barefooted, and was always a subject of remark. My aunt had a farm about a mile and a half from the town, and one afternoon, as I was returning home after mtking some purchases at a store, a man, who sat in a fence corner, oalled me over to him, and aeked if I knew the hermit. I told him what I knew, and he seemed much interested and observed. " I think he is my brother George, who left home thirty years ago, and has not been heard of since." I was a green oountry boy, and he had no difficulty in pumping me to his heart's content. Iremsmbered afterwards of his asking if it waen't reported that the hermit had money, and of my replying that our hired man said he had thousands of dollars hidden away. He asked if I had ever been to the hermit's place, whether he was known to have a gun. and other questions whioh had no great interest for me until several days afterwards. When I went home, I told the folks about meeting the stranger, but the matter elicited little comment, and it was not in my mind when I went to bed. I slept with the hired man. I was asleep, and had been for an hour, when he came to bed. I was also aBleep when he turned out in the morning. Now, then, that night I had mv seoond singular dream. Mind you, I had never been to the hermit's plaoe nor heard it described. All at onoe I found myself in front of his little log house, and I knew that it was his. The place looked poverty poor. I notioed the single window in front, a leach in the yard, an old scythe hanging up in a tree, a grindstone with its faoe broken, and a path leading back to a spring. I was surveying the place when I heard loud and angry voices in the house and saw a light at the window. I climbed over the pole fence and looked in. The hermit was down on bis knees, and a man stood over him with a club. They were talking, but I could not hear what they said. That is, while their lips moved, no sound reached my ears, t understood, however, that the man was the stranger I had met down the road that day. He wai after the hermit s money, and was threatening his life. By-and-by, seemingly out of patienoe, the stranger gave the hermit a blow on the head which lfiid him out. Just at that moment the clock in the cabin struck 11. The man stood for a moment, looked around him aB if startled, and then began rummaging. He took the bed first, but found nothing. Then he hauled everything out of an old cheBt, looked into a cupboard, and, being still unsuccessful, he went to the door for a epade leaning against the logs. With this he pried up the hearth etones, but no money was to be found. Then he searched the body, and brought to lizhc a purse with a small amount of silver in it. I could see that he was greatly put out over his failure, for he kicked the body at his feet several timeB, and slammed things around with heavy hand. I think he meant to fire the place, tor he was emptying the straw out of the bed when some noise outside alarmed him. He started up, looked wildly around, and after a minute paseed out doors. He came within three feet of me, and I saw blood on bis hands. He ran to the fence, sprang over, and was soon lost on the highway to the north. The first thin:; I did after getting my clothes on in the morning was to tell my aunt and the hired man. The latter had been to the hermit's place, and he was well aware that I had not. He began to sneer as I started to relate my drc-am; but when I began to describe things as he knew they existed, he took a horse and rode over to see a constable. The officer came and heard my story, and then the two rode to the hermit's place and found everything as related. The hermit was at first supposed to be dead, but a closer examination developed faint signs of life, and the doctor who was sent for eucceeded in restoring consoiousnesB after a couple of days. It WS.S to find, however, that the hermit, never more than halt-witted, was now cluan daft. Meanwhile the Sheriff and his offioers were at work. There wasn't a railroad or telegraph line within a hundred miles of the place, bet an alarm was sent out by the stage routes and by all travellers, and in about a week the would-be murderer was caught. He had not travelled over thirty miles. In my dream I saw blood on his hands. It was his own blood. In ransacking the house he cut his rigbt hand severely on some object, and this bad not healed when he was arrested. All the evidence against the man, who called himself John Hilleop, was circumstantial, and very lean circumstance at that. I had met him on the highway, and he had enquired about the hermit, as I have related. Curiously enough, no one else had seen him. The Sheriff believed the man guilty, however, and gave him to understand that the eon of the hermit's nearest neighbour had witnessed the whole affair. I was taken to the gaol to confront him. He waB sullen and defiant, but aB I charged him with the orime, and detailed the circuirstancss, he broke down and con- fessed. While be was being held to await the death or recovery of his viotim he died of typhoid fever in gaol. My evidence, based on a dream, would not have counted for a feather in Court, and, although be had confessed the crime, a smart lawyer oould have cleared him had he lived. The third dream ooourred on the night of the 17th of June, 1872. I was then at Laredo, Texas, having arrived two days before. I was in bad health, and had been in bed moat of the two days, stopping at the house of my brother. On this night 1 dreamt that I waB abroad in the night cn a lonely highway on foot. I noticed a grove of trees, several turns in the road, two or three ranch-houses, and other things, and by-and-by I saw a light on the prairie ahead of me and off to the right. I left the road to approaoh it, and as I drew near I saw a man sleeping under hie blanket, while his horse was picketed near by. I stood gazing at the sleeper when two men oame creeping up, and one of them raised an axe and brought it down with all force on the victim's head. I saw him quiver and Btraighten out, and then the murderers proceeded to go through him. They took his watch and money, saddled his horse, and then rode off on their own, leading the extra one. Before going they covered the dead man with his blanket. I perceived that they were talking, bnt not a word could I hear. As an offset, however, my vision was very acute. I saw that the watch was a gold hunting oase, and that the revolver they t:ok had a pearl handle with silver arrows let in on the sides. I had started to follow the men when some noise awoke me, and I found the house astir and breakfast going. I at once asked my brother to send for the Sheriff, and when that official came I enquired:— " Is there a highway running out of here on whioh there is a grove of trees to the right, just before yuu come to the ranoh-house? ' "There is, "he promptly answered. "That :< is the one leading towards Corpus ChristL" " Beyond this the road bends to the left?" "It does." "And after a bit there are two more houses ?" "Yes, Sir; they belong to Dutch farmers." "And then oomes a long stretoh of prairie ?" "Yes." " A quarter of a mile off the road to the right you will find the body of a murdered man." He did not scoff at my dream. On the oontrary, he seemed muoh impressed. When he asked me to describe the men I said— "One had long blaok hair, long whiskers, black eyes, a large nose, and one oorner of his mouth was drawn up." "That's Texas Joe to a dot!" he exclaimed. "The other was dark, had high oheekbones, a moustache, very white teeth, and he lifted hie eyebrows when speaking." "That's Mexican Jim, Joe's partner, and it's a piese of their bloody work." He started at onoe for the scene of the orime, which was about; eight miles away, but he had not gone halfway when he met men bringing the body in. The murderers had crossed the Rio Grande, and they were never taken for the crime, but within a week the Sheriff got hold of the watch and pistol which they sold, and there could be no longer any doubt that my dream was authentic in all details. The reader may sooff, as men will, at the mysterious, but I have given facts.— New York Sun. SIR HENRY NORMAN. 