A FOOLISH MARRIAGE.] (An Edinburgh Story of Student Life ) By ANNIE S. SWAN, Author of 'A Bitter Debt,' 'IIome- arosr,' ' Courtship -fc Marriage.' CHAPTER XIV. — ( Continued .) IN THE SHADOW. ' Don't ma'am. I can't bear it,' said the Grater, with a great show of anger, which the softness of her eyes belied. ' It is true, Katie. God will reward you. It is certain we never can. Go and sit by Mr. Gilruth while I talk to mr. Bcormonr. The Crater silently nodded, and glided into the sick room. She crept over to the bed, and, sitting down on the chair her mistress bad just left, looked upon her master's wasted facp, and silently wept. The sorrow which had come upon the house wa? the Crater's sorrow like wise, so utterly was she devoted to those who dwelt beneath its roof. Magdalen looked in for a moment to her sleeping child, and then entered the sitting room, where Frank was making a pretence of eating bis dinner. ' How id he now J' he askod, jumping np to get her a chair. 'The Crater says he has slept since tbe doctor was here.' ' Yes, he is asleep now. I wanted to tell you, Frank, that I havo sent for Doctor Gilruth. Tom has talked so in cessantly of him that I took it upon / myself. If he gets well there will be no harm done, and if not ? ' She had passed over to the hearth, : ' and now stood with her hand laid on the \- mantel-shelf. The expression on her face wrung the heart of the honest fellow who looked upon it. 'It has been a little trying for me these few days, Frank,' she said, with a ' ^ alight, unsteady smile. 'He seems to turn from me; and he speaks of his ...... father all the time. J had no idea that he felt the estrangement so much.' Frank perceived that she was over strung — that the full heart could no longer contain itself. ' Dear Mrs Gilruth, I entreat you to believe what the doctor explained to you, that it is often so with fever patients,' he said in his quick, impulsive way. 'Although he speaks of his father in his delirium, it is no proof that he thinks more of him than of you, I — I do assure you, though it is presumptuous of me to say so, Tom has never been happier in his life than during the last twelve months. Why, how jolly wo have all been, and will be again, after this con founded fever is a thing of the past.' A quick, dry sob broke from Mag dalen's lips. ; j ' I must speak out to you, Frank, be I cause' I have no one else, and you have 'j been' like a brother to us. It is your 7 -. goodness which makes you try to reas sure me, but — but I think Tom felb it all more keenly than we knew. I do not \ aay he ever regretted his marriage, or i \ wished it undone, but he has not for 1 I gotten hia father.' ' Then he deserves to be forgotten, the mean old curmudgeon!' quoth Frank, hotly. ' I only wish I had him for five minutes — I'd make his ears ring. To . have a son like Tom, and a daugh ter-in-law like you ; to say nob ing of^ the Incomparable,' he added, with a smile at the familiar _? appellation he had bestowed on the baby. 'Yes, he deserves to be forgotten, arid I only hope if Tom ever has the chance he'll not let him off too easily.' 'To-morrow the doctor expects the crisis,' said Magdalen, a trifle hurriedly. 'He has been so much quieter to-day, 80_ lifctla delirious, thab T fancied he might'get the turn to-night. But he is ?o spent, Frank. Sometimes I can't tell whether he is breathing or not.' ? 'Does he rot seem to suffer pain?' asked Frank, anxiously. Sometimes I fancy it from the ex pression on hia face. If he would only open his eyes and look at me with recognition I could bear it. As it is, 1 feel it to be fearfully hard.' ' What did you say to the old boy, Mrs. Gilruth 1 Did you explain what is the matter with him 1 ' ' Yes ; I said he had caught the fever in his dispensary work, and that ho was ill enough to justify my writing to him. I did not put many superfluous words in the letter, Frank, you may be sure.' ' And when would he get it ? ' ' Some time to-day. I told Tom this \- morning, when I fancied ho looked con scious, but he only said he was sorrv he had been ploughed, but that he couldn't help it, for he had worked hard. He v. has been frightfully anxious about this exam., Frank. All these things weigh ing on his mind are against him, and — and somehow to- night I feel utterly, hopeless.' She folded her arms on the mantel . and laid her tired head on them, while two large, slow drops rolled down her wan oheeks. She was worn out, body and mind, and had no power of self ? control lefb. Honest Frank felt his heart full and his eyes wet, but he couldn't utter a word. Sometimes, however, silent sympathy is the best comforter, and presently Magdalen looked up with a faint smile. 'It will never do for the nurse to succumb. Forgive me, Frank ; it is a relief sometimes to get it out. I forget, how well off I am with so kind a friend as yon, and so faithful a little maid ns ' our Crater. She is worth her weight in gold, Frank.' 'Ay, is she? The Crater is the product of her environment. I must go to the Infirmary to take my case to night, bub I'll be back before nine o'clock, and then you must go to bed— V you can trust me to watch him.' 'Ob, Guroly,' she replied. ' Bu* there is no ufo my going to bed. Could I sleep, do you think ? ' ' You can rest, at lo*st ; yon look as if you needed if,' Frank replied, and made haste to g't his Infirmary work over. Ho was rather silent and pro- j occupied in tho wards that night, and had little to say in reply to tlie many inquiries concerning Giliuth's condition. For the first time for weeks he came across Brebner on tlio stairs as he was leaving the house, lie wos about to pass as usual with a curt nod, when Brebner stopped him. 'What's this I hear about Gilruth, Stormont? Johnny Grant has- just been telling me he's likely to croak ; not true I hope ?' 'I fear it is,' answered Frank, and was rather amazed to behold the face of Brebner flush up quickly, and his manner betray sigos of distress. ' Oh, I say, you don't mean it. When did ho get so much worse?' ' He's been gradually sinking for a day or two. I don't think myself he'll see the morning.' Brebner leaned against the railing of the stairs and wiped the perspiration from his brow. It was natural jthese signs of extreme perturbation should surprise Frank, and ho regarded him with undisguised curiosity. | ' You seem to be rather put out, Brebner. I didn't know you had any special interest in poor old Tom.' ' Oh, yes ; I have always lik«rl the chap,' said Biebnor, quietly. 'How's his wife '-Middling. You'd be sorry for her, Brebner, if you saw her, and I only wish I had the waking up of that old brute of a father of his,' cried Frank, betrayed into a more than usually candid expres sion of his opinion.. ' I'd warm liim, I tell you.' ' They're not reconciled, then ? ' queried Brebner, with a furtive, un easy look, which again surprised Frank not a little. 'No. I wrote myself a week ago, and Mrs. Gilruth has also written, I know ; but he's taken no notice. Ugh I I hope he'll smart for it, both in this world and the next.' ' Has Tom never seen his father since; his marriage ?' ' No. He got to hear of it somehow ; a distorted version, oE course — half lies, as second- hand stories always are — and he's cut Tom o IT. . They've had a big struggle, I tell you.. When I think what that woman Ins gone through, Brebner, and of the money that old beast'has, I could ? ; lu: fc there's no use talking, it does no good, and I must away.' I '?They never heard, I suppose, how j Dr. Gilruth got to hear about it?' said Brebner. Frank shook his head, and with a quick good-night ran down the steps and off. Brebner stood still, leaning against the railing of the stair, looking straight before him. Two nurses passed and smiled sweetly on him, but for once his ready tongue was silent. . ' HuIIoh, Brebner ! Seen a ghost, eh ?' cried a fellow student, meeting him presently when he went down, and noting his sickly color. Brebner never spoke, but passed out into the chill, cold night air, the victim of a remorse which would follow him to the grave. He had .been many times uncomfortable think ing of that mean night's work, and hating himself for having uttered the base insinuations which are worse than a direct charge. He felt in his soul that the proud old doctor might have forgiven the impudent marriage but for the aspersions Brebner had cast on the woman his son had married. There wan not in all the city of Edin burgh that December night a more un happy being than Will Brebner. There is no anguish so bitter, so intolerable, as the anguish of remorse. Justly, in deed, it is a scourge to the human soul. ( To be Continued. ) 