SEALED ORDERS OR THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. .. Xhii Story u written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Iniiicotor Brynes of the New York Polioe. CHAPTER IV. THE DOCTOR S THEORY. Sitter, inaeed, was the disappointment o t]ie detective when he learned that the very person—in fact, the only one—from whom £e hoped to g.ean very necessary and important information in the oaee to whioh tie {[ltd beeu assigned was dead. The »e≤<i orders sent to him by Chief Inspeotor Barnes, which he had not perused bbuI he reached his room in the Arlington after his hasty flight from New York, nsd drooled him to oummunioate at onoe with the mother of Theresa Orlando. The n»ult of tnat oommnmoation we have MeDa Hotting oame from it beyond die alight knowledge of the woman herself which NICK waa enabled to' glean from the short ana unfruitful interview. Bat stop! More had come from it. He had seen enough to establish a conviction in his mind whion he was now somewhat reluctant to admit, even to him—if. First, he had no belief In the theory that " toe S-oora UrlAndo had died of a broken heart. '••• Having himself setA-the symptoms whioh the woman had developed only a few hours before her mysterious death he could in no way attribute them to overmastering sorrow. Some other and more powerful agenoy was at work than that of despair over tile loss of a ohild. He felt oonfirtent of that, and he had spent muoh of the night in thin^g upon the subject and in developing his plans for the interview which was to have taken place in the morning. Those plans, arranged after careful thought, suddenly tell to the gronnd, useless and of no aooount; but there still remained to him the opinion he had formed in the quiet watches of the night, by which he accounted for the physical and wissitsl condition in which he had found the bereaved woman. It waa his thorough belief in that opinion which caused him to make the sotto voce remark at the end of the preceding chapter. As soon, therefore, as he finished his breakfast he took his -way to the residence of the family physician—the same one who had been called when the daughter Theresa was found dead upon her bed with the shattered fragments of a wine glass lying npon the floor beside her. Doctor Jerome was a young man, -both in years and in professional experienoe, but his ability was unquestioned, and already he had won an enviable reputation as a skilful praotitioner. Bat the deteotive was destined to disappointment. When he reached the house of the physician he was informed that the doctor had gone oat a few moments before, and it was not known when he would Hear by was the hoUBe at whioh Nick had oalled the preceding evening, and as he instiuotively glanced toward it he eaw, in the act of ascending the stone steps, the figure of a man wno was unmistakably a physician. IV) hasten forward and address him before he had time to press the eleotric button of the door was bat the work of a moment. " Pardon ma," he said to the man npon thesteps; " are } on not Dr Jerome?" "Yea," was the reply, "and I cannot be interviewed." " Pardon me again," said Niok, eoolly; " I am not a reporter, but an officer of the Jaw," "Ah!" " ll you will meet me at your offioe in an hoar I will not oetain >ou now, sir." The doctor hesitated a moment, then he turned and descended the steps. " 1 will go with you now,' he said, " for unless 1 err you are from New York, ana are sent here oy Chief Inspector Byrnes." Nick was surprised, out he Old not show it. At the same time he wondered howthis man, a atranger to him, knew so much. lie made no reply, and the «wo menrecrosied the street together, and two niinntm later were closeted in sue doctors office. The detective saw, in the clear-cut features, broad brow, and keen eyes of the phyauuan outlines of a Dharff*""" in whioh fas beueyed the greatest confidence mignt be reposed, .wH the outward, evidence of an analytical mind, whion, if oorrectly directed, woolu prove of in'nti" 1 "' 1 * benefit to him in the work he had te ao. " Doctor,' he said as soon as they were alone together;" before touching upon the motive of my call here this morning 1 wish, in addition to ^"•"g you my name and occupation, to request that you will observe the utmost discretion—nay, absolute secrecy —regarding everything whioh takes place between us." " Certainly, sir. The first thing that a doctor should aoquiie is the ability to keep a secret." <- " Undoubtedly." "I wish to Bay, however, that I have very little time to place at your disposal thii morning.' "My business, doctor, refers to precisely the if "if thing which engrosses your attention this morning," replied Niok. " Indeed t May I ask " "I refer to the sudden death of Mrs Orlando." "Ah!" " Dootor, here comes my secret. I am a n detective, and I have been sent here by Chief Inspector Byrnes, of New York, for purpsses which I will not now pause to explain." "Presumably, however, to investigate certain questions which were referred to your ohief the night before last." "You know, then " " I know that much at least." " Then, after informing you that the name npon the card you hold in your hand is the one by which I prefer to be known for the present, we can proceed at once to business." "Certainly. If I know you only as Mr Gregory Green I am not likely to address you by any other name." "Thank yon. May I now ask' yon a number of'questions 1" "As many as yon like." " Did you know that I called npon Mrs Orlando last .evening?" " 1 knew that somebody called; a person of whom we have a very meagre description. I may add that the polioe are now searching for that unknown individual." "Indeed !" "Yes." "Then some other canse than that of a broken heart is suspected as the reason of Mrs Orlando's death." . " No; another canse is known." "Ah 1" " She was poisoned." The ghost of a smile shone {or an instant on the detective's faoe as he said, quietly: "I oame here lor the purpose of making that identical statement to you." Indeed! Then you——" " I discovered, or at least believed I did, the symptoms of narootio poisoning when 1 saw the unfortunate woman last night." '' You should have selected my profession, Mr Green." - " Perhaps, But tell me, please, how yon made the discovery, and wny you failed to delect it until too lue to prevent the consequences." "That is very simply told." "Ever aiuoe the death of her daoghter Mn Orlando has refused to see aiiyuody except tier maid. You, I believe, in the only person with whom she is known to -have convened, although this sudden calamity wftald mflinatit " '' Tnat tile supposition is wrong." "iSxaotiy.' " When did you last see her, dootor f ' 1 Immediately After Ahe -funeral of her daughter." " flow did she appear thenf "Naturally. r fiut, to insist, was thwe anything in hrr T""T" atShat ^an^^vJb her Appearance, : Upon whioh yon oan now look baok, with: the feeling that if you tad fully grasped the situation then TOO could have prevented the death that ooourred last night?' " Yea—ad no." " Will you explain?" 1 I bad a vague idea when I left her that day that she was'ill. Her pallor «a too great, and the expression of her eyes denoted —er "What?" "Either inoeamnt weeping, or the me of a narootio of aomelrind.' "Ah? ••I adopted the 'latter theory, believing that shehad merely conght solace in its use. The subject was too delicate for me to introduce at (hat time, and I really thought no more aboutit until last night." *' And thon • • 1 •'Toon, air, £ leaped to a decision oat of which loannot ai^ae myaelf." "Thatehe waa poisoned." "Ant " Understand me ; everything in the room where she was fonnd would indicate that she had merely used the drag for mental relief, and had died of an overdose whioh vu self-administered.' CHAPTER V. LOGIC 1ID RXASON VKB3CTS FACT* Hide Carter left his dnlr and walked across the room to the window, where he re mainnfl gazing ont upon the street for several moments. Then lie returned, and resumed theoonversatioa as though there had been no "Very muoh the-asms conditions surrounded her then that were fonnd in the room of her daughter two weeks ago," he said. "Yes. "But the same drag had not been employed! ' "No." " What was the cause of death in this te ?" The active principle of digitalis, or, in other words, digitaline." "Ah!" • • The action of this poison upon the human system is always remarkable, and in no two cases with which I am familiar has it pro duced precisely the same effect.' "How was it in this case? * " Wait, please. One peculiarity of the drug is that after it has been taken continuously in small doses another-dose of the same eiza may prove suddenly fatal. Physi- Clans, in using it as a remedy, must only mske a close study of the patient in order to guard against this very point." "Well?' " In the case of Mrs Orlando there had undoubtedly been continuous use of the drug for some time. Who prescribed it remains a mystery whioh must be solved. ' ' Sandy." It is the last remedy in the wodd that I, as her physician, would have preacrioed for her, and there is no doubt in my mind that she took the drug, knowing nothing of its deadly qualities and relying solely npon the judgment of the person who suggested if Then, although you state so confidently that Mrs Orlando was poisoned, yon are still of the opinion that the deadly draught may not have been criminally administered. Am I to so understand yon ?' " Again yes—and no." "Pardonme, doctor, but you are rather enigmatical this morning thin morning." " No ; I mm logical." "Well!" "Let us be consistent." " Above all ahings." "We know that Mrs Orlando died of poisoning by digitalis, a powder whioh is easily auiuale in alcohol." •Yes." ' We know that she might have taken a certain quantity at stated intervals for some time without fatal results. «• Yes." " And we know that precisely the aanu quantity taken onoe too often would pruuuoe death, as in bar case." " Yea, again." Xnfercf ore, unless we oan find who the person is who gave her the drug, and unearth tome motive for a orime like this, we are force! to the hypothesis that the uaae is one of carelessness resulting from inexperience or negligence, or it is one of suicide." True. Now, dootor, what is yonr theory?" *' 1 have none." "Ehl You said " "That Mrs Orlando was poisoned. I repeat it. Further than that 1 do not wish to go." • Doctor," said Nick, after a moment's silenoe, " there is in every man an inner consciousness which asserts itself in spite of the influence of his own will and reason.' I believe that." I do not believe that any man who is rmpsnelled as a juror on a celebrated criminal case,. can truthfully «y that he is< witnout prejudice or opinion in the matter." "Why?" "fieoasue be has, nnoonsaiously, if y o please, decided in his -heart the guilt or in. nooence af the criminal he is to try." Well?" There exists in your heart at this moment just such a fH>nt lm<m * : regarding the case we are discussing, and—pardon me—I want to know whatit is." 'Why?" < First impressions are often prophetic. I want to know what your first impression waa when -you entered that room of death;" " Suicide." "And is that what your inner oonscionsess says to you -now f Yes." What was the oondition of the room ?'* There were no changes-that I ootid see." The body was npon the bed, I believe. Yes. Mrs Orlando had retired for tile night." 'Hum! That fact might strengthen your theory." How so!" If she had not oontemplated suicide she might have taken the' drug before retiring ; as if is, she dispensed with the service of her maid before ahe swallowed the poison." True ; I had not thought of that." How long have yon been the regular physician in that houses doctor J' ' About eighteen months." You have known the family intimately in that time ?' "Quite so." "Arguing on the supposition that the hfw^ of an nnsnniff has been At work in the death of both mother and daughter, have you any (due whatever regarding the identity of an-enemy}' "Absolutely none." " You have never heard a word dropped which might -indicate that such enemy existed?' "Never." *• Let ns refer to the oase of the daughter," 4 1 Very welL" " You were ca'led as soon as the body waa fonnd,-! believe," "las,' " Were your impressions theaame then as In .the oase of the mother?" '' Do you mean suicide ' "Yes.*" "They were." " remain tie same now !'' '•Certainly. No person of sense conld think otherwise. There was the vial on the dresser, thefaokengiaaabeaiae the tied, the — bah! any other theory would tie ahesr "I am quite in"!"*** 1 to agree with you." "There oould be no oti»er ,oonnlnaion formed - by .:* .mail' of -iwalthy perceptive laaultiea. I go even a atep farther.' Ahl In what way?' Yon doubtless know about the death of Bray ton Knssrtl. •'Certainly.• " Are you also investigating tfiat matter? "Not now, certainly. "Everybody *aya that fiiaytoti £ssseU aa nrnitMired.^ -. - « Wny.-yea." •"X do not believe U.", ,— _Jv.- - l^i^SwgSl body thinks; I am firm in the belief that Russell stabbed-himself, and-that it is JU muoh a case of /do dss« aa the others." "Humph! Why?" Murderers don't creep down chlmrnqya like Santa Claus," "True." "Tnerewasno possible way in- whioh an atsassin conld have obtained acoess to Brayton Russell's apartment without »1" notioe and without disturbing tin ' victim." "Granted. Well?" _" Bunnell was found just as Us valet left him. I in the same position. 1 *' " True." _"Gau a reasonable man believe tint a person, dagger in hand, .could have opened the door, even with a key, without attracting the attention of the man -who was sitting in his chair wnftWing ( Having gained admittance, oouldsuoh a peracoJiave crept up behind him and have atrnok the blow without a sound to break the stillness of that room ? The idea i> preposterous, Bnssell would have sensed the presenoe of the intruder—" " If it waa an intruder," "Eh? Bah] I have thought the matter over hours at a time, and only so add feotny conviction that Rnasnll was his murderer." CHAPTER VL THE RIGHT TKSCK. The detective only shrugged his shoulders in response to-the doctor's emphatic state* ment. "Were you also called there V he asked presently. •' Yes." " You were acquainted with Bnnell V' " Very well, indeed." "Intimate?" "No; we met often in aooiety, but were never companions." " He was wealthy ?" ' I believe so." " To whom does his property desoend 1" •' To a brother, I believe." "Do yon know anything about the brother f No, exoept that Ins name is Belden, that he is muoh older than Bray ton was, that he had lived abroad for a good many yean, and that his fortune was the same as -his brother's It oame to them by inheritance." ' Have you examined the bottle whioh was found on the dressing- oase in Theresa Orlando's room?" asked Nick, suddenly ohi " Is there any way of ascertaining where' the aconite was^procured "t "None." " No mark on the bottle 1" " No." "Nor peculiarity of the drag itself by which it might be traoed T' "Eh? Certainly not." " Are the same Answers to be made in the oase of the digitaline used.by her mother ?" " Yes." "Doctor, who was tiie first to recognise the etiletto with whioh KusseH was killed ?" ••L' "Indeed!" '•Yes. I raoognized it instantly." You had seen it often i" Yes, a number of times." " Where "On the table in the parlor of the Orlanaos," • Wnen did you last see it there 1" " About a week before these events." \- Tell me about it." 'Eussell, Navarre, and I happened to meet there. Russell took the weapon in his hand and admired it and Miss Orlando remarked laughingly that it it were not for the superstition regai ding sharp-pointed instruments she would present it to him." *• Russell replied in tbs-same bantering way that he would taknun early opportunity of stealing it." Well? And then?" It waa returned -to the -table, and forgotten." "Yonr theory, I suppose, is that be did take and afterward used it to kail himself— eh? •• Exactly that." " There were rumors of an engagement oetween Unsselland Theresa j was toeraany foundation for them ? i believe they -were in love with each other, but as for an engagement—' "Do you think that the/ had spoken together of love ?" "I believe they understood«ach other." " Do you, as pbysiaan, friend, or man of the world, know of. any impediment to • •narriage between them?'' The uootor passed one hand slowly across his forehead, and did not reply. Niok waited, but the answer did notoome, and presently be repeated the question. Green, since that is ahe name by whioh I know you, • said the dootor, alowly, "lam acquainted with a secretin the life of Brayton Bnssell whioh is involved in the answer to that question. I herftstn to answer, heoansn I am considering whether I nave now the right to reveal it" "If the secret will tend to solve .these mysteries, yon are, as a man of honor, bound to reveal it,' replied Niok, quickly, *• Do yoa think 80 ?' " Yes." "And yet I' promised Brayton Kussell that I never would do a j, some what might." He oould sot foresee an. event of this kind." " Perhaps not." " Does it eonoem « possible .impediment bis marriage w ith Mia»*Priando 1' "Anactual one." "Ahr " I will tell you the secret." "Thank you." '.'Brayton Buasell .was already a husind." " You surprise me." - " It is true." " Who, besidae ^ou,-was -or is aware-of this?" •Only three persons In this oountryknow of it; they were Bnssril,- his wife, and myself." "Jon forget the man who married them." " He iB dead." " And the witnesses." " One is now in an asylum for the Insane; the other has disappeared." ' That is remarkable." •Very." ' Did you ever see Mrs Russell ?" • Never." ' Nor her picture f •No." ' Where is shs now T' 'I do not know." ' Where was Ae when yoa leaned the eeorett" I do not know." How did yon happsn to be -told this faot" " 33iat I most deoline to eiplain." " Is liie woman alive to-day t" "I believe so. Of oeurse I do not know positively." Do you know-of any wluoh aba oan be found f r "None." *< Something-mnet iavo been add when Bussell toldyon this chapter ofJlisiife, -that anggeeted iierflaoe M reaideuns, «r-Mlaast where they wenennrried." " There was nothing," '' Is there a child I" " I believe not." "Have you told me alii D« you tnstn to say that Kusaell told you the4>are fact tnat he was a ft"** "VTf f ** I mean precisely thsC You know as """" M I iln .MHMiyFIlilljf Hf flMBtflTj 1 ' "Uad his wife era Ti*Aed< kim jrt lui aparonenta at toe Covingtohl" ' * I do not know, but tninn not." "Wny?" "Only Deeaiuel gathered the ideafcooi the way he apoae that ana was not and had never been in Waahingtan." ; " When did Kusael tell yoa this story T' " Aoou a week before hisvlsath." • Did he «vor refer to the aubjeot «0un I" "No." '.-• "Do you believe that he spoke the truth!" "I am surest it,". • - v Russell in that.oonvsrsation,whlch mil give us a. clue" *• I-havetri6d,.aod it isuselesa." *.' It is a strange story, dootor." •Very," " One thatis hard to believe." •'I believe it." "'If she erists she may be his murderer •or—' " Good. I still cling . I haven* to my the theory jslj^hteat of suicide." obj- ction- Even then it furnishes a motive for suoh a deed. By the way dootor to change the anbject rather abruptly, waa it not curious that Navarro Rmsebfs friend, and Agnes InerOrundo; Toereesoousin -ahould have been mamed the sama -evening -th«t theae oi imes—call them' by > what name you-pleaae —were oommitted f •-Very." " I have (muninwi the testimony taken at the inquest npon Bnssell and I find that Navarro dodged the question when asked why he had been aent for." "Yes." \- ' - Canny that he should do that. Er—by the. way. were Theresa and. her oousin on friendly terms t" ' Friendly, yes; they ware not over de monatrative, however. I de not think they were fond of each other." "*• Navarro oallsd frequently at Theresa's hanse. did he not?" ' 'Quiteso." ••Are you well acquainted with Manuel Navarro r " Superficially only." Humph ! Doctor, I' am becoming converted to she theory of - suicide in • the oases T>f Bussell and Theraa Orlando, and to that of aooidental death in the ease of Mrs Orlando. The double suicide was doubtless agreed upon between the parties, and—" " I am oonvinoed of it." Twenty .minutes later, however, when Niok Carter left the doctor's house, he murmured halt aloud; «I am more than ever oonvinoed that three murders have been oommitted here, and I believe I am on the right traok." CHAPTER VII. OVB JUH'S umrrnoN. There is more than ordinary mystery here," mused Nick Carter, as he walked slowly along the street after taking his leave of Doctor Jerome, "and in order to arrive at a point from whioh a possible aolntion may begin I must do a little systematic arranging of facts, dates, persons, plaoes, and events. " Farthenaore,"he added, a few moments later, "in.order to cover the ground! shall need-some assistance, and—" jie. paused suddenly, for his thought leaped quickly into a new ohannel; one that pleased him ; one that rendered him snddenly nopefol-of greater and easier auooeea than he had before Anticipated. '•Goodt" he murmured, and he hurried along somewhat faster than before. ''The idea is a good one." Then he whistled softly to himself as he turned into Fatragut square and skirted it in the direction of-the Arlington. The office of-this famous hotel resembles a club-room where .Congressmen, Senators, newpaper men, and public characters generally -most do congregate. There is rarely a time when one may nut see prominent men well known tnroo^hout tne country sitting.there -hobnobbing with, each other while enjoying ttuf oigarsaod daily papers. A feature of the place is the carnageclerk's daak, and the man who preside* over it n-iifiTf^* 1 "' forao many jymjbsc he .has oeoome with tne ways, habits, and aimoniaww of almost every of promineuoe in tne country. Xhe detective strolled into the place, and fortunately loimd the camage^lork enjoying a moment at reap te. Gordon," aaiaNick, ' can you put some one in cnatge here tor a hall-hour or ao, aud give me tnat muuh of your tune V - " CertMnly, it you wuh it," was the reply. " Wul you come to my room?" -Ye-" "A» onoe?" '• Yes." • Good. I will expect yoa." The deteotive hastened to his room, where, few minutes later, ne ss* joined by M r tiordon. who wore-an expression of perplexity, naturally wonnering wnat tne unusual request portended. Ho was invited to be seated, and then Niok went straight to tne point. \- Mr Gorden, he aaid, -I nave known of yoa for a good many yean, and just now 1 had myaelt in aposiuon where you oan beol •he greateet aestatanoe So me. " 1 am always ready to—" • 1 know that, I want some information wbLh you can fnrnian." I >un«t your servioe, so long as it does It will in no way oonfliot with yoar duty or with any conscientious acruples." " Then oommud me, sir." "Tnank you. first, however, I wish to say that if I did not believe tnat 1 could plaoe aosolnte - oonfiaenoe in your discretion, and reiy upon you to l orget tais interview as soon as it ends, I oould not think of going into the matter npon whioh I am about to speak." Qordoa remained silent,. and waited for the deteotive to prooeed. "If yoa will permit," continued the detective, -1 will not go into my reasons for •—t iiij. Aw in f ftimatinn I do. You may draw 'ftmt own oonnlwiona, and probably they will not be far from the truth. If yoa will reply to my.-,qnrsri nns and then , forget thati-we ever talked -together on these subjeots, it is all I ask." Verywell, air." Yon know nearly everybody in Washington, I am told." *-I know a great many people ; yes," "-Did yen know Brayton Jtnieeli 1" "Verywell, indeed. For howiong T' tie vend years; I oannot say bow many." V.Yon-havetalkedJtrith him often}" "£kequeutly." '•You were, of.oourie, ehocled by.the newr iifM**"^*" «i««tt»" " Very greatly." " Bp Mn jtbink it probablo that he killed himself !" -1 don't know -that I-oan give a good reaeon more.toanto aaythat,sritnmy knowledge ofBcaytoti Bnssell a character, I oould nevaritieinadeto believe that he committed suicide. 9 * "Good! «ow,sriio killed him r "ladanlJEMW." "Sodo I. I aiked the querton for the puipnsu of jetting -an expression of your anspmons," if you Have any." " I have none." \- - "Inyour frequent talk* with .him can yon remember ni"-*""E that-was said wnieh would .sndMate tts «xuceiios of an enemy who mignt iaive done this tmng'" ••iJoKung." , , , : I im told that he was very fond of society." "Jnatiifaue." -Andofladiee." '-J.V WUUM te uton oorreot to put it m tbeether Way," "Hmrf „ ** Tne iadiea were fond of him. " Toe transpoiition is irorthy of thought. Are.you lemi iar With any rumors wtuoh ^aB^t^i i,!. name with tau of any laay t" "jYea." "Good I What are they?" "Jtte was i$>ported, engaged to. Miss .Orlando,.the lady wno—" *- Go on. 1 am curious to learn how you will the sailsence." \- WHO was, I Oeiiere, also mnrdered." ••AbP •• I kiiow the idea to be absurd, and yet it is unequivocally "Wny 7" -my opinion," ."I have no good reason." T " Did youkno»lior?" "Onlynyai*nt." \- " Everything -ooonectBd with hex death t:J3raa, ^tal^sn my ^pmion, .that iaot • • Sinful i •** M ' "I. shave thopght of .that lalao, Mr &Hdon.;" "Y^m see, sir, it would be eo.«uy to deoeire a girl like , her, as to the drug, ahe snts. taking." " Yo y1trne." ' '-Sne umight have swallowed the aconite believing it be high oolored sherry, or something of the kind." "I hav&thonght; of another, point." ' "What is that J" •" Why, if ehe had wiahed to oommit suicide, she would not have aeleoted aconite as the medium." " People stlect queer agents to bring them in contact with death, Mr Gordon." That is to, yet I never heard of aperson who selected the .tincture of aounite with whioh to oommit the aot; did yuu I" " No." "I believe ahe waa murdered; I believe that the same hand whioh slew Braytor Bussell prepared the poison for .her ; I believe the hand belonged to a woman, who must have had an acoompliae, and I believe that, when that mystery it solved, if it ever is, Washington will be startled aa it never was before." '• Why do you believe all this?" "I haven't a reaeon inthewprld, sir. 7 only believe it, that is alL" " But why do you attribute , the crimes to awomanf "Because—well, because I believe jealousy to be the motive." _ . (To be Coattamii.) 