A Russian Legend. It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, has 'written an interesting work on St. Petersburg, in the co\irse of which, he relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperial Family, which caused' great sensation among the credulous a few years ago and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a. statue of the Holy Virgin, covered -.. with .precious jewels offered up to her by, the' faithful. It appears that not long after the. death of Alexander II. a peasant was interrupted in .his prayers by the sudden appearance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment' of his tragic death. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant,; although, stricken with terror, was able to follow the move ments of the mysterious visitor, and felt sure that he was not dreaming. Still trembling, he described his adventure to the verger of the church, who shrugged his shoulders and said he must have been drunk at time and had taken his visions: for .realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day the ghost reap peared. Again he advanced' towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven. This time the verger was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose his head, and, though afraid to approach the whailtom himself, ho fiallnrl in Krvmo nf '. lvis colleagues, who, like him, felt stupefied at the 'sight. The Czar seemed to cast , a sor rowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. Tho witnesses of this strange' scone made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of tho Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. ' On tho next day the same apparition oc curred. On this occasion the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but. also walked round the church before vanishing? No doubt could now be entertained on the subject — tho soul of Alexander II. was tor mented, and needed more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. The -news was borne to tho Court, where, it is hardly necessary to^ say, it created deep astonish ment. . At first it. did not encounter absolute incrcdulitj-. The members of the Holy Synod were consulted, and thev promised to innuirn into tho matter. But Alexander III. lost no time., in. expressing his indignation that credence should be given to such a story, which was an insult to the memory of his father. He sent for one ,of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity ho had the greatest confidence, and. ordered him to clear up the mystery. The detective went' to tho church, and, hiding himself behind a pillar,, waited for the result. In due course, tho phantom appeared once more, and as on previous occa sions, directed its steps towards tho statue. Tho detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. ? He had served Alexander II., and seemed to see him again as ho wtas on the day of his assassination, with his face bathed in blood' and suffering excru ciating agony. Tho ghost prayed longer at the statue than usual. The detective, muster ing up, all his. courage, glided softly toward it, but it- moved further away. Instinctively the dotoctivo glanced at the statue, and discovered that many of the most valuable jewels wore wanting. This fact, at once opened his eyes, ii.uu. iiu.ucitsiieu uiuer duo, pnantom, wnicn turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with considerable imagination and audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in tho midst of tho terror caused by his appa. rition as tho Emperor's ghosfe He 'was taken to prison, and eventually, tried' and condemned in secrefc-^at least' so the legend runs. ?. :'' : 