CONCLUDING SCENES OF THE SPANISH ARMADA. ' Loxgmajt's Magazine." The Armada has been ostentatiously religions crusade. The preparations had been attended with peculiar solemnities. In the eyes of the faithful it was to he the execution of Divine justice on a wicked princess and a wicked people. In the eyes of millions whose convictions were less decided it was an appeal to God's judgment to decide between the Reformation and the Pope. The Spaniards were experienced I sailors ; a voyage round the Orkneys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that season of the year need not have seemed dangerous or difficult. On inquiry, however, it was found that the condition. of. the ; fleet was seriously alarming. The provisions placed 011 board at Lisbon had been found unfit for | food, and almost all had been thrown into the sea. The fresh stores token in at Gorunna had been consumed, and it .was found that'at the.prcseut rate there would be nothing left in a- fortnight. "Worse than all, the water-casks filled there had" been carelessly stowed. They had been shot through in the fighting and were empty; while of clothing or other comforts for the.cold regions which they were entering no thought had been taken. The mules ana horses were flung over-, board, and Scotch smacks which had followed the retreatiug fleet reported that they had sailed for miles through floating carcases. The rations were reduced for each man to n daily half- | pound of biscuit, a pint of water, and a . pint of wine. Thus, sick and hungry, the wounded left to the care of a medical .officer, who went from ship to ship, .the "subjects of so many prayers were left to encounter the climate of the North Atlantic. They passed the Orkneys in a single body. T'hey then parted, it was said iu a fog ; but each commander ,had to look out for himself and his men. In many ships watermust be bad somewhere or"they would die. The San Martin, with "sixty consorts," went north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear of the coast. The wind still clung to the west, each day blowing harder than the last. When tney braced round to it their wounded spars gave way. Theirrigging parted. With the greatest difficulty they made at last sufficient offing,, and rolled down somehow out of sight of land, dipping their yards in the enormous seas. Of the rest, oue or two went down among the Western Isles and became' wrecks there, their crews, orpartorthem, making their way through Scotland to Flanders. Others went north to' Shetland or the Faroe Islands. Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon the Irish coasts. There were Irishmen iu[tbc fleet, who must have told them them that they would iiud the water there for which they were perishing, safe harbors, and a friendly Catholic people; and they found either harbors which they could not reach or sea-washed sands and reefs. They were all wrecked at various places betweeu Donegal and the Blaskets. Something like eight thousand half drownsd wretches struggled on shore alive. Maiiy were gentlemen, richly dressed, with velvet coats, gold chains, and rings. The common sailors and soldiers had been paid their wages before they started, and each had a bag of ducats lashed to his waist when helanded through the surf. The wild Irish of'the coast, tempted by. the booty, knocked unknown numbers of them on the head with their battleaxes, or stripped them naked and left them to die of the cold. On one long sand strip in Sligo, an English officer counted ele ren hundred bodies, and he heard that there were as many more a few miles distant. The better-educated of the Ulster chief, the O'Rourkeand O'Donnell, hurried down to stop the butchery and spare Ireland the shame of murdering helpless Catholic friends. Many—how many cannot be said—found protection in their castles. But even so it seemed us if some inexor able" faith pursued all who had sailed in that doomed expedition. Alonza de Leyv», with half a hundred young Spanish nobles of high rank who were under his special charge, made his way in a galleass into KUlibeg. He was himself disabled in lauding. O'Donnell received ana took care of him and his companions. After remaining iu O'Donnell's castle * for a month he recovered. The weather appeared to mend. The galleas was patched np, and De Leyva ventured an attempt to make his way in her to Scotland. He had passed the worst danger, and Scotland was almost in sight; but fate would have its victims. The galleases struck a rock off Dunluce and went to pieces, aiid Don Alouzo and the princely youths who had sailed -with him were washed ashore all dead, to find an unmarked grave in Antrim. Most pitiful of all was the fate of those who fell into the hands of the English garrisons in Galway and Mayo. Galleons had found their way into Galway Bay ; one of them had reached Galway itself, the crews hulf dead with famine, and offering a cask of wine for a cask of water. The Galway townsmen were human and tried to feed and care for them. Most were too far gone to be revived and died of exhaustion. Some might have recovered, but recovered they would be a danger to the State. The English in the West of Ireland were but a handful iu the midst of a sullen, half couquered population. The ashes of the Desmond rebellion were still smoking, and Dr Sanders and his Lc-gatine Commission were fresh iu immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel could only have been vaguely heard of. All that English officers could have accurately known must have been that an enormous expedition had been sent to England by Fhilip to restore the Pop6; and Spaniards, .they found, were landing in thousands in the midst of thein with arms and money ; distressed. for the moment, but sure, if allowed time to get their strength again, to Set'Connauglit in a bluze. Tboy, had j no fortresses" to hold so many prisoners, no means of feeding tbem, 110 niuti to | spare to escort them to Dublin. They were responsible to the Queen's Govcrii ment for the safety of the country. The Spaniards had not; come on any errand of mercy to lier or licrs.- The stern order went out to kill them ali wherever they might be found, and . two thousand or iuore were shot, hanged, or put to the sword. • The sixty ships which had followed. . the Sail . Murtjii "succeeded at last in.getting round Cape Clear, bnt in a condition scarcely less miserable than that of their companions who had per ished in-Ireland; Half their companies died—died of uutended wounds, hunger, thirst, and famine fever. The survivors were moving skeletons, more shadows and ghosts than living men, with scarce strength left thein to draw a rope qi- handle a tiller. In some ships there was no water fourteen days. The wcuther in the lower latitudes lost part of its" violence, or not one of them would have seen Spain again. As it was they drifted on outside Scilly and into the Bay of Biscay, aud in the second week in September they dropped in one by one. 