Father Wilfred's Ghost. By MRS. HBNRT CROSSE. CERTAINLY the appearance of Fell moor Grange justified its reputation of being haunted. The approach was by a long winding drive through a pine wood. On the brightest day few of the sun's rays could pierce the sombre branches of the trees, through which the wind, when soft and low, sounded like the chanting of a solemn requiem. When the wind rose high and boisterous the pines swayed to and fro sullenly bowing their heads before the tempest's wrath. At no season of the year could one pass up the drive to Fellmoor Grange without being impressed with a feeling of awe. The entrance was directly out of the wood, and the front of the house overlooked a river from which frequent mists arose, blotting out all view of the surrounding country. Tho large square hall was used by tho Staceys-the friends with whom I was staying for Christmas, and who had lately bought the place from the original owners-as a general meeting place, and very cosy it looked with the bright fire burning on the wide open hearth. Over the fire-place hung a life-sized portrait of a.monk, whose kindly yet searching grey eyes seemed to follow one wistfully. A frank, open countenance, anda stern, grave mouth, with firmly sot lips, made an attractive face even to those who knew not its history. On tho wall opposite was an equally fascinating picture; a woman, young, with a wealth of dark .wavy hair piled high on a well-poised head, arched eye- brows, and large brown eyes. At first sight ono would have exclaimed, " What a lovely woman 1" butcloserscrutinyrevealedsomething unpleasing, lt was tho mouth that marred her otherwise perfect fea- tures. The lips, of that vivid red, which so invariably denotes cruelty and deceit, were so thin as to appear little more than a line of scarlet, albeit there lurked nt the corners a smile of cynical contempt. As we sat around the fire in the gloaming it seemed to me that the eyes of the monk rested' upon the fair-faced woman with reproachful pity. " How came you by those two portraits ?" I asked. " People do not as a rule soil their family pietur.es. " No," answered my hostess, '. but that," poinl ing to tho . monk, " is Father Wilfred, confessor to a former Sir Ronald Templeton. Both Father Wilfred and Sir Ronald, it is said, were murdered by that woman, Sir Ronald's wi fe. Tho presen t S i r Ronald, from whom we bought tho place, did not caro to remove tho pictures. I will tell you tho story. Tho last Sir Roland.who inhabited the Grange married when sixty years of ago a girl of' eighteen. The marriage was far from being a happy one ; the young wife craved for excitement and pleasure, while Sir Ronald greatly disliked leaving his country home. When Lord Cyril Conyngham carno into possession of Follmore castle-the adjoining castle -he was welcomed as a cheerful addition to their small circle of friends. Sir Ronald was a martyr to gout, so tho visiting was very much on ono side. That these visits were a great pleasure to Lady Templeton was patent to all, and Sir Ronald was glad that the monotony of her life should bo relieved. Lady Templeton, weary of tho chain which bound her to her husband, began to count tho years when she might be free. She was an attractive woman ; but two people at the Grange she could not fascinate, consequentlyshe hated them'-Father Wilfred; her husband's confessor, and Barker the old butler. Early in October tho year following LordConyngham'sarrival, Sir Roland was taken ill. The cause of his illness greatly puzzled his doctor. By the end of November he had so far recovered as to be able to walk through the wood. Upon his return his wife, who appeared anxious and attentive, handed him a glass of wino. That night Sir Ronald had a relapse ! Three days and nights Lady Templeton never left his room, winning much gratitude for her care and attention. Tlie third day Barker met Father Wilfred, who regularly visited the sick man, and in a mysterious manner' asked him into the library. When the door was closed he said-pointing to a painting of Lady Templeton "Father, that woman is poisoning my master 1" The priest raised his eyes to the portrait, but showed no sign of surprise either in the expression of his face or in tone of voice, as he calmly asked what ground had he for so grave an accusation. For answer, Barker opened a cupboard and took out a wine glass, in the bottom of which was a white sediment. "You soe that, Father?" said he, holding the glass up to the light; .' This is the glass into which my lady poured the wine which my master drank an hour before he was taken ill. This morning I saw a similar sediment in the remains of some soup that came from the sick room." When Father Wilfred. entered tho sick room Lady Templeton was at a tableupon which stood some medicine bottles and glasses. Ono glass was filled ready for the patient ; this she took up and held to his lips, but ho turned from it, saying it made him worse. Usually, Lady Templeton left tho room immediately Father Wilfred arrived, but that day she lingered as though loth to go. At last she took up tho glass containing the medicine and moved towards the door. " Leave it, Lady Templeton ; Sir Ronald may take it by and by," said the priest ; and he took it from her hand. Tho monks of Dale Abbey had in Sir Ronald a generous benefactor. Father Wilfred, fearing that their friend was fast passing away, decided to remain with him through the night that he might soothe his last hours with the rites of tho Church. In tho early morning Sir Ronald breathed his last, and Father Wilfred left the death chamber, taking with him the medicine he had seen Lady Templeton hold to her husband's lips. This, by tests he well understood how to apply, he found contained a slow but deadly poison, which had undoubtedly destroyed Sir Ronald. Sending for the wretched woman, of whose guilt he was convinced, he urged her to j speak the truth. " Give me time to prepare my confession, Father," said she with well-affected contrition; "to-morrow I will see you in the library." Tho following morning, upon the arrival of the priest, he was shown into the library, where Lady Templeton went to him. When or how he left the house none were able to tell; but never again was good Father Wilfred seen. Lady Templeton, thinking no one suspected her crime but the missing Eriest, now breathed freely ana oped soon to marry Lord Cyril Conyngham. ButBarkeryetremained to avenge Sir Ronald. He resolved to tell all he knew, with the result that Lady Templeton's guilt was proved to the satisfaction of judge and jury, and she paid the, penalty that in such cases the law demands. The Grange was afterwards shut up for many years, and it was said that Father Wilfred could sometimes be seen walking among the pines. Indeed, we were told about the ghost before wo bought it. ZJÊ The dulness pf tho Grange did not appear to affect the Staceys, and a very merry party we were, sitting round the hall fire on Christmas eve. About eleven, Captain Stacey and the young men went out to smoke on the terrace, and asked us to join them. A full moon in a cloudless sky tempted us to leave the fireside, and we strolled down to the lower terrace to see the effect of the moon- light on tho river. Possibly it may have been tho death-like stillness) and the cold soft light, that produced a feeling akin to awe, for gradually our voices became hushed. Suddenly our attention was arrested by the sound of a boat. So unusual a noise at such an hour on a December night astonished us considerably. A oond in tho river hid the boat, but wo could distinctly hear the strokes of the oars. Later, when it rounded the bond we saw it contained six figures, attired in the garb of monks, with cowls down over thoir heads. Swiftly and skilfully they steered thoir boat alongside tho Grange boat-house. We were by this time much alarmed, for the monks pre- sented a very_ weird appearance. Captain Stacey called" to them several times, but they neither responded nor turned their heads, and when they had steered their boat into. tho shed and no further sound could be heard we :freturned to the house baffled and mystified. Bed was not to to be thought of, every ono being too nervous to care for the solitude of their own room. A few minutos before twolvo a dog, lying on the hearth, arose and wont to the door. Soon the animal began to growl ominously. George Stacey opened the door, aud the dog rushed out, barking angrily, but he. quickly' returned shivering, and crouching under tho table commenced to howl. Ono after another tho group round tho fire went to tho open doorway to discover, if possible, the cause of the dog's alarm. Soon, coming slowly from tho other side of the house the monks who had passod into the boat- house wore seen returning. Their cowls were thrown back from their tonsured heads, and they were carry- ing on a bier tho body of a man clothed in like habit to their own. I Spellbound and terror-stricken we watched their approach. As they passed us a ray of moonlight fell upon tho face of the dead man. At tho same time a flickering light from the wood fire illumined the portrait of tho monk in tho hall. By one impulse every nye was raised to the Eicture, and Father Wilfred" was reathed rather than spoken by each of us. Silent as though borne on air the solemn procession turned into the avenue of pines, and soon passed out of sight ; but softly through the air came tho sound of far-off voices chanting. That we had seen the ghostly visitants who for years had been the terror of all who passed through the wood at night none could doubt. Tho building was soon after demol- ished, when the workmen, upon ! removing a panel in the library, discovered a small square chamber, Tn the floor was a trap door, which, upon being raised, revealed a narrow, dark flight of steps leading down to the riven From the river, entrance could be obtained by removing certain stones which concealed the door at the bottom of the steps. That Father Wilfred had been in the chamber was proved by finding an old Breviary in which his name was written. It would seem that this secret chamber was known to the monks of Dale Abbey, and when Father Wilfred failed to return they came by boat to search for him. Finding him murdered, they passed through the library, which had a glass door opening on. to the terrace, and carried his body through the wood of the Abbey. . Many years haye passed since Fell moor Grange was destroyed, ^but country people around declare ' the monks still walk through the pine wood, and may. be heard chanting their requiem.-Sporting and Dram- atic News. , 