"LAYING" A GHOST In one of the Midland oountlea ia a fine old and rather oelebrated historical mansion, with towers, turrete, and mnllionedwindowSi Bat a'aa for all ita attractive beauty I-it po.;aeaaf8 the one terrible drawbaok witb whioh ao many of the grand old mansions are unluckily tfU'.otod-it has iti ghost, and ita hauntoi room, which no servant will enter alone, even in broad daylight, and iD whioh no one ever-or very rarely-sleeps, With tha usual provoking irregularity whioh belongs to tho whole tribe of disembodied spirits, tho ghost waa known to "walk" at the most inaonvenient moments, always appaaring when not wanted, and carefully disappointing every party of valiant ghoat huntera whenovor they muatered up courage enough for the watob. Tho ghost always appeared ia the attico of a medieval monk I -brown habit and cow), rope girdlo, eandala and carried a parchment roll in ono hand, About two years ago it happened that the mansion was full of viatora and among the last to nrrivo was a well known canon celebrated for his unfhgging spirits and sparkling wit. But every room was occupied, He wua far too great a favourito to bo refused, What wag to be done? Happy thought-the haunted chamber! The oanon, as a good prieat, would of COUTSC havo no fear of ghoata, and, besides, he would know nothing of the ghost, aa this waa hia first visit. In this however tho good host was mistaken, for the witty oanon had often heard tho story, and know all about it, Accordingly he woa committed to the haunted chamber, On the following mora* in#, at breakfast, no one appeared with a brighter or happier fans, or seemed fuller of high spirits and exuberant fun, "It is quite dear," thought the host, greatly relieved, " ha has nob been disturbed in any way." The next morning, and the next, ana the next he still oame down among the early ones with the same light-hearted Repeat which only those who have enjoyed sound sleep and peaoeful dreams can wear, The host's anxiety at length oould stand it no longer, and he congratulated his visitor on the soundness of his reat and the quietude of hia nights. But the witty canon, seeing hia opportunity, suddenly assuming a very grave mien, informed his host that his first night, at any rate, had been neither qniet nor undisturbed. A sudden pause and a dead silence followed as the oanon proceeded to deaoribo how, whilo he waa lying awake, ho waa aware of tho presenoe in the room of a tall dark figure, whioh oame up to tho bed. Ha observed that tho figure waa habi' ed sa a monk, and carried a parchment roll, with whioh it appeared to point, The canon ended by dwelling on its ghastly colour aud 1 glaring, horriblo eyeB, aa they shone forth ; beneath tho dark oowl. A d<. zan anxious questions at onca poured in upon the speaker -" What did you do ?' " Did you address It 1" " Did ha speak to you ?" " How did you get rid of him?" " How V' replied tho I witty oanon, " Why, very easily I I asked him to subscribe to my sohools and school' treat, when he vanished immediately ; and I need hardly add he has never honoured me with another visit." 