RAISING THE WIND. (Written for Quiz.) Montgomery Irving was. in a bad way. The Montgomery Irving Operatic and Burlesque Company, "from the principal London theatres," had been a frost. In the parlance of the stage, the ghost did not walk. The opening performance had drawn some £15 into the house ; the second night's receipts dwindled down to £5 7s. 6d.; and the total for the week was but <£35 Os. 6d. When rent, ad vertising, and other expenses had been met there would not be anything like £10 to divide up amongst Montgomery Irving and his seven talented artistes (see day bills). To-morrow would be Saturday, and to-night he had to decide whether he would enter a new week. The members of the company were willing to work a week on the " commonwealth" system, each sharing in the receipts according to the amount of salary stipulated for, the manager of the theatre held the rent, and the ad vertisements had been paid for, a " low-minded commercial instinct," as Montgomery Irving phrased it, having insisted on cash down. The dressing - room had been variously invaded during the evening. Signer Enrico, the pianist; Mr. Bar irington By ley, the baritone; Mr. {Reeves Lloyd, the 'tenqr; Mr. Gros smith Vernon, the buffo; Signora *atti Nilsson, the prima donna; Miss >le Belle, the soprano; and Miss iind Leamar, the premiere danseuse, |had all looked in on him, and asked por a "trifle to carry on with." They lad not gone away empty-handed, "ter repeated calls, for Montgomery [rving was revolving a great scheme his colossal mind. When his seven artistes had de trfced to the nearest hostelry to Ldalge in a depraved taste for long >rs, buying the assurance that jibey would play on the Saturday, [ontgomery Irving sat with knitted irow gazing at a *mall pile o silver coin in his right hand. He ranted it up. There was just £1 tOs. 6d. He went home sadly, that is, he rat to his hotel, paid for his week's iging, and retired to rest. Next morning he did not show him llf. He should have been, at re ntal, but the rehearsal knew him , Towards noon they broke open door, fearing the worst. The room, empty. Montgomery Irving had Ltted. He had looked his door from li outside, and in an absent-minded tanner had taken the key with him. * * * * * The township of Mount Bunyip is >ted for the salubrity of its climate. population is pious, but not mtiful. It has its weekly news iper, and the editor, in conjunction ith the heads of the religious bodies, mages to keep the town in order. The editor was seated in a rickety chair, with his feet on a plain deal table. He was smoking a well seasoned pipe and thinking out a lead ing article on the subject of the official opening of a local butter factory. A knock came at the office door, and was followed by the entrance of a clean- shaved individual attired in black. "I beg pardon," said the stranger courteously and with a silent rolling of the " r," " but I presume I address the editor of the Standard Bearer. My name is Macready Booth. I dare say you have heard of me. No % Ah, well, I am not sorry, for I have for saken the giddy glare of the footlights. ^ Yes, sir, you see before you a reformed actor. I have lived to regret the past, and I am now devoting myself to Indian mission work. Out Indian missions, alas! are in need of funds " The editor frowned ominously. His last week's salary had not been paid, and he was behind with his board. " Don't misunderstand me," said Mr. Macready Booth, " I am not going round with a subscription-card. It is my intention to lecture in your town, and I have called to get some printing done." The editor beamed. This job might hasten up the payment of his salary. " I must also advertise in your paper," said Mr. Macready Booth. " Let me see. You publish to-morrow I think, and I shall lecture to-morrow night. It is shGrt notice, but my engagements are so pressing." Then followed a long and serious conversation, into the details of which we need not enter. * * * * * Next morning the following bills assailed the eyes of the townsfolk from all possible points of vantage:— INSTITUTE HALL, MOUNT BUNYiP. To-night. To-night. MR. MACREADY BOOTH, the at-one-time Eminent Actor, who has Renounced the Stage in order to devote himself to INDIAN MISSION WORK, /will Lecture on THE EVILS OF THE STAGE ; or REMINISCENCES OF A SINFUL CAREER. Proceeds in aid of the Buncumpanee Mission. Admission, Is. Commence at 8 sharp Now, if there was one thing more than another on which the people of Mount Bunyip prided themselves it was their devotion to missionary enterprises. It was their boast that their subscriptions had enabled a lady to be sent to labor in the Indian Zenanas, and a rival township having followed suit, it was now proposed to despatch another guileless maiden to the home of Buddhism without delay. What wonder then that the Institute Hall was crowded. Had not the Rev. Ulric Chasuble , (the Anglican), the Rev, Angus McToddy (the Presby terian), the Rev, Isaac Cold water (the Baptist), and the Rev. Elijah Thumper (the Wesieyan) all an nounced their intention of being present with their families ? Had not, as a matter of fact, Mr. Macready Booth sent these personages free tickets? It was their glory to assist on such an occasion free of cost. The lecture , was an unqualified success. Mr. Macready Booth, with an eye to scenic effect, kept the lights low until the curtain was raised, and he showed himself amidst much applause. The cloth at the back represented a rustic scene. It might have been laid in Jerusalem or Kamtschatka, but Mr. Macready Booth pointed to it now and again as though it were a portion of the great region of India. Macready drew freely on his stock of experiences, and also upon a vivid imagination. The stage had never been painted in worse colors, yet Marguerite Chasuble's color heightened considerably at the narration. tt You really must come home with me to supper," cried the Rev. Mr. Chasuble at the close of the lecture. "No, with me," chimed in Mr. McToddy, adding in a whisper, " I've some verra gude whusky." " I claim you," said Mr. Coldwater with deep unction. " Come with me, sir," almost com manded Mr. Thumper, shaking hands effusively. But Macready Booth, looking into the sparkling eyes of Miss Marguerite Chasuble, gave the Anglicans his vote. * * * * " You must repeat your lecture, sir," said Mr. Chasuble as, with the air of a connoisseur, he sipped some claret which had been depanted a week. "Repeats never draw," murmured Macready, unconsciously going back to his stage experiences. If Oh, but you will, wont you V* sighed Marguerite blushing prettily the while, " I am so interested in the—in mission work." "To be sure he will," exclaimed the parson genially. " And look here, Mr. Booth, you must be my guest. I've got a spare bedroom, thank Providence, so bring over your traps from the hotel, and you'll stay here till after the lecture, which must be the night after next." And Macready consented. Whereat Marguerite clapped her little hands and looked pleased. * * * * * The Chasubles monopolized the ex eminent actor. They never allowed him to go out of their sight. They drove him round the town as though he were some new species of animal they had discoyered. Marguerite plied him with questions not all on the subject of Indian mission work. To her shame, be it said, they had mainly to do with comedies and tragedies, with comic operas and burlesques. Easy in his mind, Macready Booth accompanied his host and his family to the hall. The arrangements had been taken completely out of his hands by local enthusiasts. As he entered the room he received a salvo of applause. He smiled at Marguerite, who clung fondly to his right arm. He had just installed the Chasubles in the front row of the seats when— The curtain was rapidly drawn up, and a strange scene presented itself. The stage was occupied by seven ladies and gentlemen, all in most curious costumes, and one with no costume worth speaking of at all. They were the members of the Operatic and Burlesque Company, dressed for the extravanza, "Roderigs the Ruffian; or, the Merry Maid and the Monster." Macready Booth stared like one demented; the audience alternately hissed and applauded. They were all there Enrico, Barrington Ryley, Reeves Lloyd, Grossmith Vernon, Patti Nilsson, Cole Belle, and Lind Leamar—and when the, din had somewhat subsided Barrington Ryley produced an immense placard, on which those in front read— We Are THE STARTING MEMBERS of MONTGOMERY IRVING'S {alias Macready Booth's) OPERATIC AND BURLESQUE COMPANY, DESERTED BY HIM HOT POUR DAYS AGO. Then there was a wild commotion, and cries came for Booth. But after an affectionate squeeze of Marguerite's hand, that gentleman had vanished. A confiding printer has been looking for Mr. Macready Booth, alias Mont gomery Irving. There is a small account in existence, a settlement of which is earnestly requested. Perhaps the following item from a New Zealand paper may explain matters:—"Mr. Salvini Bellew and Miss Marguerite Siddons, the cele brated monologue entertainers and duettists, will give one of their popular entertainments in the Town Hall, Waitabiti, this evening. - Prices —Is. and 6d." But who is Marguerite Siddons? Is it possible that she is the fair Marguerite Chasuble, late of Moiint Bunyip 1 The Flyman. 