They Say: [An open column. Comment must be fair and without malice. The Editor not responsible for opinions expressed.] The Ragamuffin Club holds high jinks on the loafers reserve at the rear of the Oddfellows' Hall. The army trumpeter cannot play leap frog, his legs are too short. Brunswick is coming to the front in the Divorce Court. During the week there was no " difference between East and West Brunswick," as both petitioners obtained their rules nisi. Herbie says he is a " good looking chap in a general sense of way." Fred says he Rent see it. Scotty M. ought to spend 3d to get his whiskers off. Which of the Scorchers got sick smoking a cigar. Ask Yankee. The Scorchers forward did not turn y up last Saturday. How's that, Sam. Herbie had too much "yabber yabbar " down East last Monday. `"Enquirer" wishes to know it " Topsy " is going to join the proces sion this year; and if so they request I him to pad his mosquito legs. Who paid for the waste of gas in the 1 Brunswick Town Hall last Monday e night. Poor Ratepayers. A fancy dress procession is being organized at Northcote. Every councillor is taking an active part in it, and each have selected a fancy dress suit.. Brunswick take a lesson. Charlie Bourne down East is not the worst worker in the carnival for the cause of charity. Who fell out of the van last Satur " day ? Ask B. S. Willie J., theishaver down East is going to the procession as the "bloated e aristocrat." Const. lM. is thinking of going as the lean boy in " Pickwick." The Chicken Raisers Band is in great fettle. 1 he Star of Park v. Red Rose match still very open. Buck in Rose. The delegates of the Horseshoe Trophy are thinking of organizing an ambulence society. The Star of Park e will to-day play a lot of cripples. Joey has bought a rasp for one of the Tivoli minstrels to use on his throat. Who was crying out for more flour and sugar on Tuesday night. a Boshiel fell off a roof whilst chasing cats. The stick that Andy " Sloman" carries would make a good telegraph post. Mick and Gillie Bordon are rising juniors worthy of notice. The false fringe push don't care a straw what was said of them last Sun day. It is not wise for girls to wear false a fringes when dancing, as they may drop off, although they are first class I for hiding freckles. W. Doggett, Galt and Doyle did the bowling for the Nondescripts match on Saturday. At one part of the game, Coast D. made things very willing on Saturday. A member of the force put in an appearance at the Nondescripts match on Saturday. s The Nondescripts cricket match ended up in a free fight on Saturday. There is a young man down Edward-street, East Brunswick, and the neighbours can't stand him wearing his father's smoking cap. Brimmer has left Dad. Says he is full up of hawking. If Ted and Mac the champion collectors of Brunswick were in the Council's [employ they would soon collect the outstanding rates. Who " frew dat coat" at the enter tainment the other evening. There is going to be a sausage in the procession next Friday. After the ball the East Brunswickers are going toline up in the procession. The ghost of Paddy Bailey will appear at the concert on Friday eve ning next. Don't be alarmed friends. There were two wooden men play ing for.Brunswick last Saturday. That umpire last Saturday did not know the game from shinty. The Darktown Fire Brigade intehd to put everything out that causes any disorder next Friday. Entries for the Charity. sports close this evening. The Trophies in M1ac's window are a very choice lot. Bendy the hairpin Hoodlum, the referee at the contest between the Tantantoola Tiger Hunter and the Barnacle, is going to exhibit himself as a Spider Monkey on top of Ballarat Joe's organ on the z4th inst. Frank says the Brunswick committee are on the square six cigars and two sarsaparillas. Bendy says he will shie a shadow on a billiard table with Buffalo Bill for drinks for the hoodlums. That there is a consoling publican in Brunswick especially when there is a sov for a consolation stake for the 24th Carnival, a very good example Lock. C. J. Alias the " Kidder " ought to shic in his-.lley .p!ayingfeotball.andiry rugby. H. D. Alias the Cray has moved his quarter from the Sarah Sands to the Phoenix. Ray's,. motion re auction, was knocked down when Welch declined r to stand. A trophy will be presented to be competed for by the committee viz: A wind pudding. r There was enough talk at the last charity meeting to kill all Brunswick. y Pat Bailey is not training for the obstacle race but for the "Ghost stakes." The people of this salubrious suburb a are hereby notified that they have two h real live "Esquires" in the town. Kindly don't :rub up against them, or g the new paint might come off. 