THE STORYTELLER. WHO WAS THE HEIRESS? CHAPTER XXIV. Those lips are thine—thy own sweet smile I see— Tne eame that oft in dreamB hath solaced me. Voice only fails, else now distinct tbey say, Grieve not, my child—chase all thy griefs away. COWPKB. It turned out to be a splendid winter day. The ground and the trees were covered with white hoar frost, that sparkled in the first rays of the rising sua. The air was sharp and iresh, but our travellers were well wrapped up, and keenly enjoyed the bracing atmosphere. Their devious route lay along an extremely serpentine carriage road, that in winding around the base of the mountains frequently doubled upon itself. At length, after a ride of four hours, they reached the remarkable circle of hills that closed around, shut in, and concealed the hall. "Itputs me in miud of Rasselas' 1 Happy Valley !'" said Ellen, meditatively. "And it maltfeB me think," said Falconer, " of some impregnable castle and fortification of the old ieudal times. Ghost of the Lion-hearted—what a place this would have been to hold against the enemy. I see a castle now where that old hall stands, and men-at-arms with spears, banners, and battle-axes—and I stand upon the highest tower, see the besieging army outside, and s y p know it never can get in." Ten minutes brought them to the grey, irregular front of the house. They alighted, left the cart standing, and went up the steps into the long piazza. And £llen took the heavy bunch of keys irom Big lien, and unlocked the front door, and they all entered the central hall. How dark, damp, and musty it was. Not very cold, but more of a cellar temperature. Doors opened from this hail in every direction. Ellen tried the keys, unlocked one on the right-hand front, and entered a large, dark parlour. " Uncle Len, do you get an armful of brush, and Falconer, we must have a fire here the first thing, that is certain !" said Ellen, shivering and drawing her cloak around her. Big Len went to one of the front windows, which were defended with those oldtime shutters that open inside, withdrew rusty, grating bolts, folded them back, and let in a flood of sunshine on the dark, damp room. Then he went out and soon returned with a bundle of wood and an armful of stubble, and then made a fire and ameliorated the temperature of the apartment. "And now, Uncle Len, bring in the hamper from the cart, and I will get a little dinner for these hungry children, while you go and unlock all the other rooms and build fires in the fire-places. And the old man went to do his mistress's bidding. And afterwards, while Ellen was preparing the little meal, and Big Len was opening all the doors and windows, and building fires in all the rooms, Falconer and Sylvia ranged through the house. The furniture that had been left }Q the honse was mostly that of sub- stantial, enduring and workmanship that is not easily injured by being shut up in a deserted house for years. "A little elbow-grease," old Big- Len said, " would soon brigh'en it up !" The boy and the girl were deeply interested in their researches. In the course of their peregrinations Sylvia opened the door of an octagon-shaped wainscotted parlour. The fire was already burning cheerfully on the hearth, and the window shutters were folded back, filling the room with sunlight. This bad every evidence of having been a favorite sitting-room Over the fire-place, filling all the space upon the wall between the mantel piece and the ceiling, hung a half-length portrait of Mrs. Daniel Ransom, in all the joyousness of her beauty, before the touch of sorrow had and subdued it. There was the imperial form—the superb turn of neokandhead —the clear, calm, olive cheek—the wealth of long, black, glossy ringlets—the dark, radiant eyes, full of serene majesty and sweetness. Tbe sunlight fell like a crowning glory upon this gloriouB head. It attracted our child—it drew her with an irresistible power. She come forward slowly, with her eyes fixed upon the face, and 6tood before it, gazing breathlessly, spellbound. Falconer came hurrying in behind her, hut moderated his haste when he saw her standing so entranced and came quietly and stood by her side, looking with her upon the portrait. But she never moved nor noticed his presence. As her eyes remained fixed upon the beatiful face she began to tremble, and a tide of emotion of some 6ort rushed over her countenance. Falconer took bold of her hand, asking, cheerily : " VVhat's the matter, little sis ? Does a beautiful picture make you feel so ? Why, you are worse than I am." " Oh, I don't know—I don't know!" Maud, speaking very low. '' It's Mrs. Daniel Ransom. Oh, ye% it must be, from the description I've heard of her." <l Yes, it is her, I know I" breathed Maud, lowly. " Well, what is it that you don't know ?" " Ob, I don't know bow I knew it was her, and why I love her so much, and why I feel so, so happy looking at her." And the tears rushed to the child's eyes. " Ob, I can explain that to you, sister. Of course you knew the portrait just as I knew it—by good guessing; and of course ou feel strange in gazing at her living so do I." " Do you ?" " .Why, certainly." " But do you ever dream of her ?" " Why, no—not that I know of. What a question. Do you ?" " I never dreamed of Mrs. Daniel Ransom to know who I was dreaming of. But, oh, that sweet lady there !'' said Maud, gazing with adoration on the beautitul face of the portrait. " Well, that sweet lady there: what about her, Sylvia ?" " Oh, I dreamed of her. Ever Bince I remember, and I have dreamed of her just as her face looks now—so, so beautious, «o blessed—what shall I say—60 like home, and peace and rest in heaven !'' " Did you ever see a face clearly in your dreams. I never did. I reckon you only fancy all tha:. You've dreamed of beautiful ladies, of course, and you think they were like this one !" " No—no!" said Maud, slowly, as if talking to herself. " No—it was that sweet lady—it was her. When I look at her so, she seems alive. I feel near to her—and yet from her. As I look now, I fei-1 just I do in my dreams—so strange, so happy, and so sorrowful at once. I can't tell you!" You never told me such a dream before, so many dreams as you have told me in your life." " Oh, I never thought of telling you. I only told j ou my strange dreams. But dreaming of the lady wasn't strange—I was used to it ever since I can remember!'' " I think it was the strangest dream of all—or I should think so, only I believe it was all fancy—the likeness I mean." Ellen's voice was now heard calling the girl and boy, and they left the room: Aland very reluctantly, and casting many a " lingering.look" behind. In the afternoon the children resumed iheir amusement of walking through the rooms, and examining the furniture and the pictures. Maud had experienced a mrpiise in the forenoon, and Falconer was destined to receive a revelation in the afternoon. They had just thrown open the great door of the " long Baloon," and Falconer led the way up its length. Big Len suddenly unclosed & window-shatter, and as sudden^ the light blazed fall upon a nobly-executed full-length statue of Daniel Ransom, carved in white marble. The boy was arrested where he stood,-and he remained standing with his arms folded and his eyes riveted to that fine work of art. Presently he slowly advanced and examined the statue, but with more of reverence than ef curiosity. Maud followed him, and came to his side. He turned, laid his hand upon her head> and gazed earnestly into her face, as be said : " Little sister, this is what I have been dreaming of all my life, without knowing it. I have read and heard of sculpture, but I never saw it before this. And now I d0 see it, sister, I feel that I, too, am a sculptor!" Yes—both children had found a key to their dreams—for both were dreamers with this difference—Maud's was a dream of memory, Falconer's a dream of prophecy. Thev 6lept that night in the lonely old house; Ellen and Maud occupied a well-aired, well-dried bed-room, where a fire bad been kept burning all day long; and Falconer a small, comfortable chamber adjoining. Old Big Len preferred fo pass the night on a mattress before the front parlour fire, " to keep guard," he said, though over what, or against whom, unless it might be the rats, and the owls, no one could toll. Maud and Falconer enjoyed the novelty of their position very much, and, upon the whole, were very sorry when toe hour approached for them to leave the old mansion. Ellen remained two days and nights, dnriag which she had the old house thoroughly aired and dried. And on the third day she and her companions had a very pleasant ride home. In the course of a few days, waggons loaded with provisions reached the hall, in advance of the expected party. And in due time came tbe brother and sister, tired enough with their journey, but happy in finding all thing6 as comfortably prepared as circumstances would admit of for their reception. Waggon-loads of furniture were now constantly arriving at the hall; great numbers of house-carpenters, painters, paperhangers, and upholsterers were at work re* pairing and beautifying the house ; the landscape gardener and his assistants were laying out the grounds—everything by their representation looked just as if the owners were preparing the place to settle down in for time and eternity. And so the month of February wore away. Mean'ime the wotks on the hill were progressing rapidly. The little Gothio church was nearly finished. It would certainly be ready for dedication by Easter. At-least Mr. Ipsey said so—and of course he had a right to be supposed to be well informed upon the subject. Mr. IpBey was certainly tbe busiest man, beyond all comparison, in the county, and the most important. His feet and eyebrows danced about from the hail to the cottage in the most miraculous manner. Mr. Ipsey was certainly gifted with ubiquity. And 60 passed, the greater portion of March. One day, near the last of the month, Mr. Ipsey suddenly made his appearance at Silver Creek cottage, in a state of the greatest possible excitement and importance. His feet danced about in the most incrodible manner, his eyebrows performed the most astounding feats of legerdemain, jumping up and down, appearing and disappearing, and wriggling and twisting about with the swiftness of lightning and gyrations of tortured leeches. " He has come, madam—he has come !" was his first exclamation. " Who has come, Mr. Ipsey ?" asked Ellen, in disturbance. "He has reached the hill even now, madam!" exclaimed Mr. IpBey, galvanising his eyebrows. "Do sit down, sir!'' said Ellen, her nerves affected by his fidgetd. " I cannot, madam. I cannot Btay. I only dropped in to tell you he has come." " Who has come?" " Daniel Ransom." CHAPTER XXV. And o'er that massive brow were wrought Tho intersected lines of thought; The furrows that the riving share Of care hath ploughed or,timely there, SCJM of tho lacerating mind, Wi'ioh the soul'd war hath Lft behind. BXRON. "Will you rest now! Will yon rest? Will you let this overwrought, toil-worn brain repose a little while ?" murmured Augusta, softly passing her fingers ove< the great politician's corrugated brow. It was the first evening after their arrival at Rushbrooke Hal', and they occupied their .favourite wainscotted sitting room. The farnlture ° of this apartment had been purposely left unchanged, and the room preserved its • old-fashioned, sober, slumberous air. It was cool spring weather, and a fine fire was burning in the fire-place. Daniel Ransom sat before it, in a large stuffed leather chair,, that might have belonged to tbe last century.. Augusta had entered, and came softly behind: stooping over him, with sweet, grave tenderness, she smoothed his brow, and murmured: " Will you rest now ?" He smiled gravely, put his hand behind him, and drew her round to a seat by his side; bnt in a thoughtful, abstracted manner—his mind was far away. The lady sighed, and wondered what "question" had followed him to his hermitage, to cheat him of his reBt. Both are changed in these six years. Augusta's pale cheek is paler than ever, and her countenance has a calmer and profounder beauty. But the change that has passed over Daniel Ransom speaks of the .fierce strife of political factions. His lace is thinner and darker than before, hfe raven hair is falling off, p.nd here and there a silver thread shines amid its darkness. Yet thecountenance, if sadder, graver, and sterner, is also more msjestic than ever before. - There are very few real patriots, and their life is no holiday, and their life's woik no play. Their almost complete abnegation of social and domestic j >ye and their disinterested devolion are a stern rebuke to the swarm of flippant, egotistical aspirants for political power and place, whose highest ambition is self-glorification. Of eueh was not Daniel Ransom—for, whatever selfish vanity may do, it does not plough deep farrows in the cheek and brow, and turn a man's hair grey at forty-two. . The lady sat by his side, with her hand clasped in his, watching the profound thoughtfulness of that noble countenance, and then she inquired, softly : "Now what is it? The Rassian question —the Sub-Treasury Bill—what IB ifc that has pursued you even to this place, and will not let you rest ?,' He paused in his thoughts, and looked at her in the most perplexed, amused way, and tben said. " Why, you are mixing up past questions and present questions in the most unaccountable manner, my love. Bills that are dead and buried, and bills that are scarcely born. It was the Russian question that occupied me then. I confess I cannot at present see any way through the diffi« culty," Daniel Ransom went into a discussion of the one absorbing subject that had perplexed the House and the Cabinet for the whole of the preceding session, and had been left undecided at its close. Augusta let him talk on, in order to relieve his mind of its burden ; but she did not tempt him to dwell upon the subject, by replying ia any other way than by a sympathetic attention—a pressure of the hand that held hers. Endowed with a high order of intellect, without many domestic ties—the childless wife of a great statesman—living in the very melee of political action—with every circumstance within and without to constitute her a female politician, Augusta conscientoaslv excluded politics from hit thoughts and conversation—and for this reason : she felt if she interested herself too deeply in this subject, her husband would too often discuss it with her. She felt that when politics entered the door peace flew out the window. She wished her home to be the place of foigetfulness and reposo to the toil-worn statesman. She never refused to discuss any political question with him, but with matchless tact she drew him away from the fatiguing subject. Passing her fingers slightly through his hair, and het eyes unconsciously fixed upon the silvery threads, he saw or felt her look, and he smiled, and said :. . " No matter, love—so that yours is not grey, it is no matter. You are my. beautiful portion, Augusta, and your beauty I have indeed wished to see preserved U' She songht his eyes,,and her own filled with tears. Again he smiled. " If a grey hair offend you, love, pluck it ont and cast it from yon 1". " Not for the world, I would not remove one of them. I love thosa few grey bait Daniel, they are so eloquent of your lifa'ij gtf»tnc88—they are eacred." *' I shallsoe them come with.more philosophy than heretofore, dear J" he answered! They vera silent for a while. He was in danger of relapsing into the Busslan question again. She epoke. " How calm it is here—what a deep peace—a profund stillness—what a contrast to the city streets. No rolling of carriages —no crowd—no confusion, and, beBt of all, Daniel, no one will ring the bell to- night, end take yoa off to some political meeting, or come and ait oat the whole evening, and talk 'our foreign relations 1' We need not even close our blinds—for there are no street passenger? to peer in upon our seclusion. It is very refreshing, this consciousness of rest, freedom, and privacy—do you find it so ?" "YOB—yes!" Bighed the ex-secretary, with a sigh of deep appreciation. " I do £nd it so, my dearest—only habit is difficult to break; and I find myself toiling as hard to-night as if I had a new measure to propose and to defend in a cabinet meeting tomorrow. But never mind, my dearest—in a day or two this habit will be broken, and I shall be as degage as you could desire. Where is Honoria ?" " She is with her Aunt Letty !" replied Augusta, touching the bell. "Tell Miss Ransom that we are waiting for her!" said the lady. In a few moments Honoria entered You could see^ at a moment's glance that thi& was a model boarding-school young lady—dress, air, and^ manner faultless and freezing. She was now eleven years old, but was so well grown as to seem thirteen. She was called a beauty by superficial observers. She was tall and slender, with a Bmall graceful head, which she carried very erectly-; delicate, regular, expressionless features; fair hair turned back from her forehead, and plaited in a knot behind; fair, blue eyes, calm and proud.; and fair transparent skin, without color anywhere, except in the faint rosy-tint of the lips. She was dressed in white muslin, with a light blue-ribbon sash. And as Daniel Ransom looked at her, smiled, opened his arms, and beld them out to receive her, one instinctively regretted that a great, rich heart like his should lavish the priceless treasure of its affection upon a pretty, empty chrysalis like her. She passed into his arms without emotion or warmth of any sort, and received all his caresses with coo: passiveness. He seemed conscious of her coldness, yet appeared to love her none the less upon that account. His very pet names for her betrayed this: "Snow Maiden," " Frostina," and so on. Honoria, with her thin, shallow, superficial nature, could not sympathise with or return his deep affection, any more than she eould understand and appreciate the majesty of his character. Oh, she knew how to value his tank 1 she knew that he had been a Secretary of State, and she knew her own social value as his only daughter and heiress. Well had the world drilled that into the small head of the soi'disant Miss Ransom. Yes—she knew how to value the position, but not the man that filled it—the niche but not the statue. And, reader, with her essentially vulgar mind, she had no more respect; for Daniel Ransom, the self- made man, than if he had been born an earl. He drew her to him and embraced her with his left arm, while, with his right hand under her cb.io, he lifted up the pretty, lily-white face, and gazed upon it with a smile full of affection and interest. And, modulating his voice to the softest, sweetest key, he questioned her concerning her studies, tastes, and pursuits, smiling .tenderly at her insipid answers. Truly this man was a fond lover of children, and his dazzled love transcendentalised this empty shell of a child into something very rich and lovely. To him her snowy skin, fair hair and eyes> and small, meaningless features seemed the very perfection of delicate beauty. Her conceit seemed dignity; her insensibility, modesty; her Insipidity, refinement; and silliness, simplicity, When he asked her how she thought she should like the country, she replied, with a graceful, simpering tosB: " Not at all. There was no society." When he Inquired what she thought of their grand scenery, she answered: " It was very coarse, and littered about with mean, dirty-looking farms." "But," he said, " I will take my little daughter out to ride, and then she will be able to see this glory of the heavens and the earth." But she did not care about riding out in the country. It was never worth while to dress for it, even, because there was no one to see her—-and, besides, there was ^othing tor her fy gee; no shops, no when she became a woman, and his interest in her was closer and deeper. And Au- earriBges, no ladies and gentlemen—nothing but those mean, dirty-looking cottages. p "Bat, my dear," he replied, sadly, "in j those wretched cottages there are poor people who would gladly be more comfortable if they could—poor men and men and women who need work—poor, ignorant little children who need instruction ; and the great reason of my coming down into this neighbourhood is to try to improve their condition. I will take my little daughter into some of those cottages, and then she will feel more sympathy for their inmates—her tender little heart will be touched by their condition." But Honoria did not wish to go at all. "Weren't there poor-houses, if people could not be comfortable at home ?"' Whether something in this conversation gave Lim the first glimpse into the shallowness and selfishnesss of the little belle's heart or not, I cannot say; but true it is that, as he kissed her tenderly and put her from him, he sighed and fell into thought. And the manner of the young lady, as she gracefully settled her dress, and, with her small head erect, walked across the rag and took her seat, was a piece of boardingschool petfaction. Absorbed in political life as he had been, he had, in his few moments of relaxation, played with and loved this child, but had never penetrated her nature. Augusta had, and whatever education could do had been done, and was still doing, to make up the deficiencies of her character, but Augus'a was constrained to confess to herself, with sorrow, that nothing less than the severe discipline of life,'tempered by the grace of God, could bring much good out of such hopeless material. Augusta never wondered at her husband's blindness to the imperfections of his pet— on the contrary, she understood it perfectly, and she remembered his tenderness and forebearance with herself, as long as she was a child—a toleration which ceased gusta had hitherto been satisfied that he was not pained by seeing the faults so plain to every one else. But now the lady thought, as she saw him put the child from his arms, that his countenance woreanexpression of disappointment. She was sorry for it. Honoria's music, at least, would not disappoint him. She arose and opened the cottage piano, and called Honoria to take a seat and sing for her father. And the.little lady obeyed in the most approved manner, asking papa if he would like to hear her sing "Casta Diva." Daniel Ransom looked at her with a queer quizzical smile, and asking her if she fancied herself equal to that. And the little belle, with a graceful to3S of her head, said that he must be the judge of that. He smiled, and bade her go on. Now Honoria had most excellent singing mechanisms; her chest was round and expressive, her throat clear, her larynx flexible —and consequently her voice was a fine soprano. Of the moral and spiritual requisites for a fine singer she had none whatever—but her master had a BOUI, and sbe had a perfect foculty of imitation, and gave to the " Casta Diva" all the expression that he bad thrown into the wild, passionate despairing invocation. And, therefore, severe as this test of her musical powers was, Honoria came through it successfully. None but the finest ear, the most delioate perception, could have felt the difference between the real and the sham sympathy with the passion of the song. Augusta felt all the difference. Daniel Ransom did not. He applauded the singer, but soon after turned to his wife, and said, in a low voice, that he did not think he should permit Honoria to go on with Italian music—that it was too impassioned, and that she sang it with too much feeling. "Believe me, it will not injure her the least!" replied the lady. The little singer closed the piuno after this display, and resumed her seat by the fire. And just then the door opened andLetty entued, and wanted to know why such a calm of silence had succeeded the storm of sound. They made'TOom for her, and she seated herself among them, with her merry ehat and quaint jeBts. Letty has not changed at all since we saw her last. She has the same sparkling face—tie same frolic spirit—the same wit, humour, and drollery—though she has had one great trial, and passed through it, and though she is twenty-six years old, and professes herself on the old maids' list. All bar sisters and brothers are married, and she alone is left to wait upon her aged father and mother. The old couple eiill reside at the old town house. Harriet is married, and is annually adding one to the Elizabeth is married to a udge. And Lucy, the flower of the flock, the family beauty, who was so confidently expected to draw a great prize in the world'B matrimonial lottery—Lucy, after refusing a grey-haired captain in the navy, a gouty judge, and after falling in love with half a dozen different attaches, because ihey wore moustaches and waltzed well, and falling out of love with them because they were fortune-hunters, and would not commit themselvee to a beauty without money, like herself—Lucy is at last the companion of a worthy but poor young clergyman, without a.parish. They are at present staying with the old Ransoms. Their future is very unpromising. The next morning after an early breakfast, Daniel Rinsom ordered saddle-horBes, and he and Augusta rode up the hill to see the progress of the work. Ihey found the church nearly completed. In the course of that week several of the county families called upon the Ransoms—most respectable people they were, yet their plain country dress and manners highly offended Miss Honoria's fastidious taste. " To think of ladies coming to make a call riding on mules instead of palfreys. And to think of their taking off their things and staying to dinner, and when they were going away saying, * Do come and spend a day with us, and bring all the family.' Perhaps next time they come they will * bring all the family*—and dogs included. Realiy I" ." These are plain people, Miss Minx, without any airs and graces, or deceptions or debts; but with sound hearts, strong brains, and substantial acres!" answered Letty, who never tolerated affectation. " So are the ladies of our circle plain people—very plain people; but they don't make calls in soiled gloves and st lined bonnet-strings I" persisted miss, with a curling lip. And she had the last word. (To be continued.) 