LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. The Drowning Fatality in Moreton Bay. — Further news in connection with the drowning fatality at Moreton Bay, Queensland— in which a young man named Robert Falkiner, till lately a resident of West Maitland, lost his life, show that the boat accident occurred three miles from the shore, and that Falkiner, with two others, attempted to swim to land. The father, who went out to search in a Government steamer, returned to Bris bane last evening, but reports that no trace of the body can be found. The supposition, therefore, tbat the young man lost his life, would appear to be only too true, more especially when it is con sidered that the place is infested with sharks. No particulars can be gleaned as to whether the other two reached the shore, or what became of the re maining five members of the party. 1 he Artillery Reception Committee. — Last evening at the Cavalry Orderly Room, tho above committee met for tho purpose of winding up affairs in connection with tho reception of the ' A' Battery, Brigade Division Field Artillery in Mait land. MHjor Cracknell was in the chair, and Captains Markwell, Sloan, Alcorn, and Lieuts. Nicholson and McGlinn were also present. A letter was read from Lieut. E. A, Antill, stating that Colonel Airey desired him to write and thank the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of the Lancers and Infantry for the cordial reception ece^rded them on the arrival in Maitland of the oillcerB, non-commissioned officers and men of ' A' Battery. Accounts wero presented amounting to £14 Os 2d, £7 of which waB paid privati-ly by tho local officers for tho entertainment of the visiting officers for tho dinner at Captain' IIolden'B, and tho Valance was in connection with the public enter tainment of the battery. The reaeipts wero from public subscription £7 10s 2d, which left a small balance atill to be collected, which Hon. Surgeon Captain Alcorn offered to contribute. The accounra weru oruereu tu ut* puiu. yofji.nui Sloan proposed, and Lieut. Nicholson seconded, ' That letters of thankB be sent to Messrs, A. A. Wall, Wood JJros. and Co,, Wolfe, Prentice, and Co., Jos. Wolstenholme, for the Volcanic Aerated Water Company, for their kindness in contributing to the wants of the men j to the Mayor and Alder men of WeBt Maitland for the use of tho park) and the ' Press' which assisted the committee in every possible way. The resolution wo& carried unanimously, and the meeting terminated. Projected Presentation. — A meeting of gentlemen was held in the Morpeth School of ArtB on Mi nday evening in connection with a proposal to mako a presentation to Mr. N. V. Pockley, who liae for some time been connected with the local branch of the Commercial Bank, but who. has lately been removed to Liverpool. Mr. J. Win grave, President of the School of Arte, of which Sir. Pockley was for somo timo Hon. Secretary, presided, and about 20 gentleman were present. It waB decided to open subscription lists at once, make the presentation a public niTair, and limit the amount of donations to 2& Gd. When the listB are returned the form tho present shall take will ho f'.ecided upon, and tho gift forwarded to Mr. Pockley in his new homo, The Plenary Council ok Australia. — Tho Plenary Council of t be bishops and olergy of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia will com mence in Sydney on Saturday, when there will be a preliminary session in the afternoon in St. Pat rick's Ecclesiastical College, Manly. On Sunday at. i St, Mary's the first publio session will bo opened, and then for the next fortnight tho sopslon will sit overy day at Manly. Something liko eighty priests and hibhopB will assemble under the presidency of biB Eminence Cardinal Moran. Tho Bishop o£ Maitland, tho Very Ruv. Father Hand, V.G., anil Father Corcoran will represent tho dioceBe of Maitland at tho Counoil. The Rev, P. V. Dwyer, PruBident of the Saored Heart College, lias been i.rvited by the Cardinal to go down and oct ns Assistant Master of Ceremonios, a position he occupied at the Council in 1885. New( Zealand will not bo represented at tho Counoil, aB that colony has now authority from Rome to hold ono sepa rately. Tho Bishop of Maitland and tho prients accompanying him will leave Maitland for Sydney on Friday. If you cannot obtain 'MyfaTea' in your district write to D. Mitchell and Co., Curouco-streeb, Sydnoy, who will arrange for » supply at omoo through the local storekeeper. Released,— This morning Albert Dunk, who was unfortunate enough to get himself into trouble with tho Sons of Temperance Socioty in West Maitland somo timo ago, was released from gaol after serving twenty months of tho two years' sentonce pnaBod upon him, tlio balance of tho torm having been remitted for good conduot during his imprisonment. ? The Victoria Bridob. — Tho work at the now Victoria Bridge is prrcoeding surely if slowly. Throe rows of iron supports have been put in on a conoroto foundation, and tho piloB whioh underlie the (jonereto aro boing driven in for tho fourth and last row of supports. Tho low stato of tho orook Ib proving a bcnefiolal factor in conneetion with the work. Order of SXles, — Following Is tho ordor to bo obeorved by salesmen of fat stock at tho Municipal saloyards, Campbell's Hill, to-morrow i— 1. Messrs. Edward Hlggona, Marshall, and Co, 2. Mr. E. W, Spnrko. 3. Mr. J. N. Brunker. Entertainment for St. Peter's Ciiuroii.— Ab will be seen by our advertising columns, (in enter tainment will be givon in tho Mechanios' Institute, Bnnka- itreot;, East Maitland, on Friday ovoning next, 15th instant, in aid of the funds of St. Peter's Chuioh. The first part will consist of a concert liy the lending nmatours, and is undor tho supervision of Miss Cobcroft i whilo tho second part will bo the comediottn, 'That Dreadful Dootor,' by MissLart and Messrs. ICodwoll and Jones, whoso natnos are ho woll known in tho Maitland district us a synonym for buoogbb in suoh mnttora. Famous Paintings of thw World.— No. 3 of ho Boriou, which wo havo from .Messrs, Robert 1'hompaon aud Co.i of Sydney, oontalns as usual tlxtoen pictures. Following nro tho titles i— ' At tlio Shrine of Venus,' Alma-Tadoma i ' Nothing Vtiijturi', Nothing Have,' Mrs. Alma-Tadema | 'Tho'Clolstor Kltohon,' Edounrd Giiltzner (the gom of tho number) t 'Polntor and Setter,' 0. F, Delkeri ' BUnduinn'a 'Huff,' Meyor von Brornou i 'The Intended,' E, Borno-Bellooour j ' Wlntor Landscapi),' ICarlMalohinj 'Tho Trojan Horno,' Henri Motto (a composition of great majesty) | ' Tho Ghost Story,' Waltor M'Ewen i ' Old Ocean's Gio.v and Molnncholv Waste.' William T. Riohards j ' Brother and Sister,' W. Bougureau, nnd 'Charles tho ITuntor,' Gh, llomuann (two pnnelo) | ' On Drosa Parade,' J. G, Brown (a study of Now York Strentboy life) i ' Coming of tlio Guests,' A, von Wleruaz-Kownlakl j 'Bitter Mwll olnn,' Flelacborj 'Opportunity mnlton tbo Thief,' Mniirlao Lulolr j ' Flying Artillery,' E, Eaternn. Mr. Quonci Taut —This well-known Sydney merohant and philanthropist visited Maitlancl yoa turday In oonnootlon with tho anniversary mooting of tho uiIbbIou to the Chinese, Hormivod In Mail laud by the 1,42 train, and during tha nftornoon lie Wna driven by tlio Rev. 0, Jones through the district uround Mnltlnnd, and thus nffmdod an opportunity of Boeing tlio fertility of the ? plnoo, and calling upon and speaking tin irmny ' of tho Olilneso living hero, Later Mr, W, S, Ifurrluon also noted ns Ills Joint, when, his, observations woro further extended, In the evening Mr. Quong Tarti was proRont nt tho mission mooting, both at tlio preliminary ten to tlio Chinese nnd tli ti holpora in tho movement, and nino lit tho public gathering, In ' addition to flinging In a duot, ho nddreoscd tho mooting nnd also upolto to lilu oountrymun In thoir own Inn gunge, IIIh proaonon wno a grent help to tho meet ing, Tho Ghlnoso ovon showed tlio plunsuro they fult on their obhortvlno stolid oountoiinnoon, nnd ill's npoooli was plunslng to tho Europnnnu, not only from Its ommiopolltnn tono, but nlao from tho toiiuh of humour, brightness, nnd good will running through It, Mr, Quong Tart loft Mnltlnnd ngntn by tho tralu this murtiiug for tlio metropolis, If you ennuot obtmln ' Myftv Ton' In your district wrlto to D, Mltolioll nnd do,, Cliiropoo- stroot, Sydnoy, who will nrrnngo for n uupply nt) ouae through tho loanl otoroltuepor, [ Garnibrebino Civil Servants, — In the Assembly yesterday evening Mr, Affleck presented five petitions from residents of East and WeBt Maitland, Wallsend, Plattsburg, Waratah, Lamb ton, Singleton, and Newcastle, stating tbat ' for many years past the petitioners derm themselves to have been unjustly dealt with by a great many servant! and employes of the Government, inasmuch as the petitioners from time to time in good foith supplied the employes with goods and for which they havo failed to pay, shielding themselves by decisions of the courts that wages or other moneys payable by tbo Government to .Civil Servants and their employes cannot be attached for debt in a similar way that other citizens' wages can be attached.' The petitioners, therefore, pray for tne passage of a bill to prevent Civil servants taking advantage of the present state of the law in this respect. Last night Mr. Affleck introduced a bill to enact that a garnishee order may be served upon the Crown. 