l^tjc^lIiittijtt|tenft«tG8 PMiihci Every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, ' I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth ; and there fore the truth I speak. Impugn It whoso Hut' ? THURSDAY, MAY S3, 1805. w ? OUR QDBEN. Her Most Giucious Majesty Queen Victoria will celebrate the 7flth anniver sary of her birthday to-morrow, nod through out the whole of the British Dominions will go forth an expression of thankfulness that she ha» been to long spared to exercise her benign sovereign will over the destinies of her millions of loyal subjects. Year after year in the reign ot Victoria— whose subjects in Europe, Asia, America, Australasia, Africa, and many Isles of tho oceans that flow around the globe, at leflBt twice ont-nimbcr those of any other sovereign ever reign ing on earth — havo good causo to feel that it is well for the vast Empire to own allegiance to Her Majesty . In her own person she hai ever been an example of the iharactorlstlc virtues of the. English nation, ind in her public conduct tho wlso and aithful guardian, within constitutional Imits, ot the interests of her State ,nd her people. Long may she con Inue to preside over tho Government if the United Kingdom and of the immense Icpcndcnclcs 1 May every fresh incident In .lie concluding years of her glorious reign jring to her yet stronger proofs of the res pectful love which so good a life has deserved in the estimation of all who have looked jp to her, and have trusted in ber, during so runny years I Her Majesty has been wife and widow ; she is mother, grandmother, and greatgrand mother: but- her character has never changed. Truth, sincerity, frankness and kindliness, and a strict sense, of duty, havo never failed in her words and actions, ' in that fierce light that beats upon a throne.' There Is not to bo found, in all the history of Royalties, a more perfect example of con sistency | and that it Bhould have been afforded by a woman, in times when some kings and emperors have often played leu worthy parts, Is a brilliant instance speaking for the moral strength of the sex, In her declining years Her Majesty has not escaped, from the 'ills that flesh Is heir to,' and her subjects have of'lnto learned with deep regret that shells afflicted with rheumatism la both legs, to such an ' extent that she Is prevented from walking without assistance, but It Is pleating to know that lerloui results aro not at present anticipated, Her noblo mind and eplondld lntellcot, however, re main unimpaired, and oontinue to win for Her Majesty from all who are privi leged to oomo in contact ? with her —particularly on tho part of her responsible Ministers— the greatest admira tion and reverence for tho high principles and remarkable qualltes, both of mind and heart, which she. possesses. From the first years of her rolgn tho Qiieon has on number lest occasions glvon Instances of her ster ling worth, and the earliest recorded example, In tho time of Viscount Met. iiodjine, her first Prime Minister, deserves to bo forovor remembered as the highest tribute to.HorMajoBty'slntegrltynnd her high nnd noblooplnlon.pt tho Importance of her great office Her Majesty had not long been Heated on tho throno when Viscount Mel nouiiNE placed, a paper, before her to sign, and was proceeding to urge thn expedi ency nf tho measure, when bo was stopped short by tho Queen, who observed, ' I havo been taught, my Lord, to jmlgo between what Is right and what is wrong, but expedi ency li a word I neither wish to hear nor to undomtand,' TIiIb and similar scenes it probably was that caused Lord Meldouiime to declare on more than one occasion that ho would rather havo had 10 kings to manage than ono Queen. On another occasion the Prime MiniBter used ill his eloquence to get a document signed, but finally finished by saying that he had submitted It as a matter of course, but that It certainly was not Bt that moment a mattorpf paramount import nnce. ' It is wlth'me,1; was tho quiet reply, 11 a matter of the most paramount im nortanco whether or not I attach my signature to a document with which I am not thoroughly acquainted.' Throughout her wholo reign our good Queen has always evinced the greatest Interest In tho details in all matters of State business submitted to her, and to her care, solicitude, and advice is in a great moasuro due the unequalled brilliancy and peaceful and pro giciulve character of British rule under the sovereignty of Her Majesty Qucon Vlotoria. May she be spared for many years to continue the exercise of her beneficial and ennobling influence I GOD SAVE THE QUEEN. The Quebs's Birthday.— Tho following notification by the Chief Secretary is pub lished In Tuesday's 'Gazette' :— Thr Governor has been pleura! to direct that Friday the 24th instant, shall bo observed bf a public holiday throughout the colony, that day being the anniversary of the birth of Her Most Gracious Majesty. At 8 a.m. the Bnyal Standard will bo hoisted at Govern ment House and at the Queen's Bittery, and tho Union Jack at Mount Nelson. At noon a Royal Salute will be fired from tho Bar rack Reserve, and a/eu-de-joie will be fired by the volunteer' force in honor of the day. His Excellency has further been pleased to direct that the day shall be observed, as far ns practicable, in the aamo way in Launoes ton as in Hobart,'— His Excellency the Governor will hold a levee at Government House at 11 a.m. to-morrow. The Burnic Catholic Bazaar will be opened to-morrow and continued on Saturday, and an after noon's racing will be held to-morrow by the Bnrnle Racing Club, some jood sport being expected. A Costume Football match Is to take place at Stanley and a rifle match at Wynyard between teams of the Burnle and Wynyard detachments of the Wellington Rifle Company, and an entertainment in aid of the Wynyard Brats Band will be held in the Town Hall at night. The usual holiday arrangements'. will be observed at country Post and Telegraph offices. The Tijibeb Indubtiiv.-.U is cheering to note the revival in the timber industry in this part of the colony. This is evident by the shipments of Bnwn blatkwood being made to Melconrne by Mr W. Jones to fill a' lnrge order. The consignment ot about 20,000ft taken by the ketch J. O. Taylor yesterday, makes a total of nbout 60,OOOft already shipped, and the ketch is to return for more. Mr Jones has also other contracts In hand for the supply of large quantities of timber, to complete which has rendered necessary the erection of a large and sub stantial sawmill on the Esplanade, opposite Catley street, which is progressing rapidly. Hie new mill will be more convenient for carters and nlxo for shipping, as the timber can be loaded at tho mill into railway trucks to be taken direct to the chip's sido. This improvement in tho timber trade is very pleasing to note, as the prosperity of the in dustry means a considerable amount of em ployment for axemen, carters, mill hnndt, etc , which is much needed at the present time. Ghostb ik THfi Nobth'West — Mr J.' B. Ohcrry, reprcsentatlve'for Mr Ernest Hosk ing, tho clever and celebrated expdser of the Melton ' Ghost frauds,' returned to Burnic yesterday after completing arrangements tor Mr Hosking's startling and amusing enter talnmentA at Stanley and Wynyard next week. The dates nre Monday and Tuesday at Stanley and Wednesday at Wynyard Burnio is to be visited on Thursday and Waratah on Friday and Saturday. Mr Hoiking li ably supported 'by Mlsa Alda Fltzroy, tho talonted Soolety entertainer, In her wonderful memory tests, etc. The por formanoes have been very highly praised by the Press of the colonies Mr Hoaking haB visited, and have everywhere been largely patronised and much appreciated. The amus ing element also finds a promlnont place in tho programme. Large andicnooa nay be expected at ill coast towns to bo ridted. JAPAXEJJB DEBIONB OX AUSTnALIA.— Mr. Griffiths, M.P. for the Northern Territory, has returned from a trip to China and Japan and from what ho law and heard in the hitter country he believes (states an Adelaide tele gram) the Japanese have ultimate designs on Australia as an outlet for their surplus population. Formosa, the Philippines, and the Moluccas are to be the route of conquest townrds Australia, and they have already secured the first step. IIuunik Oatiiomo Bazaar.— A final re minder Is given ot thu baraur In aid of tbo Burnlu O.ithidlo Ohuroh building fund to bo nponod in the Town Hall at II n.m; to morrow. An extunslvo and cboleo selection of useful, fanoy and ornamontal goods will bo offered for Halo at tbs various stalls, anil no doubt the efforts of tbo promoter* and tbo numerous workers for tho b ?« tar will meet with tho liberal bucocm they dersurvo in aid of the Hood cnuso, Tho produce stall will bo well supplied with all kinds of farm and garden produce, and meals and light re freshmonts will bo provided at moderate charges during the hours the butnar l« open, The dinner and tea tn-inorrow are expected to be largely putronimid by visitors to thu races and othurs, and tho farmer will find this new arrangement at a bazaar very con venient for them, Abundant, provMmi has l)Bcm maila and nn excellent hill nf f iru will ho submitted fur thudulmiUtl n nf pitriiu Tim mvmbuni of the Ilurnlu Urass timid have kindly glvon their services and will rendnr tho proccedlnoa mme attractive by numerous wlcrtions of mimlu both outside anil In thu hall. Altogether I ho pro peels of thu lixziar tugur well for its bucooss, and even mm buyers can depend upon spending a few hours very pleasantly nmld the busy and guy. scene tu bo . witnessed to morrow afternoon and night. The bauar is to be continued/ nn1,, Saturday AjirojiHt of this bazaar the following mecdote about Lady D'Orsay, as told by Mr George. Augustus 8ala In his 'Remi- niscence*,' c.in be recommended to some of the young ladles presiding at the stalls and al'o at future similar occasions : — 'Lady Harriet D'Orsay, daughter of thu Earl of Blesalngton, was presiding at a stall at a veHtedoeharttt, held in aid of the funds of tome aslyum or another, when there camu up tho young Duke of Orleans, son and heir uf King Louis Philippe. The Duke, after some polite small talk, began to extol the btauty of her hair ; and, indeed, her Henrietta Mark coiffure hod never looked glossier and softer than it did that day, ?Oh!' said IIIb Royal Highness, ? If I could only possess one of those entrancing ringlets /' ' How much would Monselgouer give for one..' Klvo thousand franc* !' 'A mere bagatelle I1 'Six thousand francs?1 'Any thine so chnrmlim a ladv chose to oak V ' I will not be extortionate. We will say five thousand.' And then bIio very composedly produced a dainty little pair of scissors; snipped off the adorable ringlet ; wrapped It In silver paper, and handed it, with a smile and a curtsi-y full of graceful dignity, to the Duke. His Royal Highness looked very straight down his nose, anil returning Lady Harriet's Balute, stalked somewhat gloomily away. Out his Privy Purse duly forwarded the money next Hay.' Tub V.D.L. Hank and the Govehn MENT.— It now appears that thu particulars recently published la thr Hobart papers nf tho correspondence between tho liquidators of the V.D.L, Dank and the Govnrnmunt, and of certain proceeding nf the Govern ment, have oreatel a wrong imprunslou, and ? have been made more of than thoy deserve. It is now stated by the ' Mercury ' that the sole question has been one as to interest. Some time ago the liquidators, on the strength of an opinion given by the) Vttorney General, came to the conclusion that they were not warranted In allowing interest on the Government account, and altered tho entries accordingly. It subsequently trans pired that the opinion given did not have reference to a Government claim, as in a case in Melbourne the Court had decided that the Government was entitled to both priority and Interest, which decision was b»scd, not on any partleular law, but on the prerogative of the Crown.' As Boon as ibis decision, and the true opinion of the Attorney- General became known the liquidators wruto to the Treasurer notifying that thoy would restore tho entries In the books, thus allowing the claim ot tee uovcrnment. Tula letter, written in January last, appears to havo been laid aside, for it was not known to the Attorney-General until Monday last, when a copy uf it was shown to him by Mr F itzgerald. Mr Chirk then said that if he bad known of this letter before, the pro cordings would not have been taken, and thus the matter was restored to its old position, nnd the legal proceedings brought to an end. Persons interested will nee, therefore, that there is no danger of any sudden action, ns some havo supposed, in consequence of the demands of the Govern ment. The question of interest to be paid to tho Government (on tha deposit of £70,000) which is one of considerable Im portance, Is to be referred to Parliament. Bubolauv AT Hodaut.— Late on Sunday or early on Monday morning the pharmacy of Mr F. R.Wilklnran, of Elizabeth street, Hobart, was burglariously enterel by som.i person or persons at present eluding the police. It is Mr Wilkinson's custom to leave the fanlight over his shop door open to ventil ate the shop, and it I* through this an entry was effected. Once in the shop no difficulty appears to have been experienced in taking away whatever was portable. The till was burst open and three £1 notes wore taken, but 11 sovereigns In a chip pill bnx were overlooked, tha ttalevs evidently think Ing the box contained some drug. Ton boxes of vlnolla soap wero taken, and also about £10 worth of surgical appliances. When a brief inventory Is taken ot tho stock, Sir Wilkinson believes other articles will be found to be missing. As it Is, the known loss is Bomewhat considerable. The numbers of tho notes wera unfortunately not taken consequently they will be difficult to identify,— ' Mercury.' Pope Leo, XIII, has issued a lot'er In whloh ho states that tho Catholics of Italy bare boon ordeiod not to tike pa't In tho forthcoming general elections, for the reason that the Italian Government has nqt granted to His Holiness the liberty of notion ho claims. ' .' ,, The highest salaried employee In tho United States is supposed to betnVfiretidcnt of the Equitable Lire Assurance, Henry B. Hyde, lie receives anuually ono. hundred thousand dollars. (£10,200.) John A. M'Gall gets seventy five thousand dollars as presi dent of the New York » Life .' Btanlbv . Notes.— Our correspondent writes t— Groat regret was expressed bora at the nuws of' Mr, W, Blaokott's death, He was a frequent visitor to this district and an Hotive and Bucacsufiil canvnssor for the A M.P. Soclnty ami his face and form, whloh had grown very familiar, will be greatly mlwed,— Mr. Ma*lor-, oxaminrr nf Stntn Hohixils, vlsltod tha dim riot lant.ro. k. He Inspected thn Btanloy rclinnl on Friday and examined tho 'children, exprnsulng himanif. pleased with tho progress mudoBlnco hi* last vlult, Tablr Oapb IUoon FAornnr.— At a meeting of director* hold nn Monday even ing, thn chairman utatol that ho had been Btiaciw'ful in arranging for the payment nf cash for the pigs supplied to thn factory, and cheques ivoro ulenwl for considerably nvor £100 fnr the oarcases already received. The buildings are not yet finished, but are being pushed forward so tint thnro may be nn hlndrancq'to the work of curine, eta,, as tho pnrk I/, coming In qnito as fast ns it enn bo handled. Of courso, tho output fnr thn first year will not be very lamn, hut as thn managcr^jsji^niaD.iwhn thoroughly under stands hli work' and can turn nut first-olans bp.con, it Is anticipated that next season will show a very cnnsldcrahln incrcaao and that there will bo little trouble In finding a good market . Already many nf tha farmers In the dUtriet' are going in for Increasing their stock of plg» nnd many enquiries .are being mado as to the best breed, rlze, fnod, etc., and tho list nf shnreholdern In the bacon company Is steadily being filled, Married Women's Liability.— An In tereBting point has been decided In the Mel bourna Practice Court. A married woman cannnt, contmct beyond the oxtent of her Beparato estate, and xho cannot be 'at- tached,' which is another word for committed to prison, fnr contempt of court In disobeying an order. The question arises under the Women's Property Act, and there is a clear decision of tho Court of the Queen's Bench on the subject. INTEBEHTINO SOIUUOAt, DEMONSTRA TION. — A demonstration nf a now method of producing local anainthesla took place In the operating theatre of tbo Sydney liui-pltal a iuw uaye ago, at me instance ot me new South Wales branch of the British Medical Association. Upwards of 70 members nf the medical profession assembled to witness thu demonstration of tho method, which was in traduced by Dr.Schlclch.of Berlin, and which created considerable interest at the recent in ternational congress. Thu method cousItU in lnjsotlng into tho tlssuoi about to bo oper ated upon an innocuous saline solution which enables the operators to perform operations even of n most serious nature without any contciuusnenu of pain on the ipart of thn patient The explanation of this remarkable action given by Dr. Schlicchi Is that the pres sure of the fluid bo introduced, and perhaps also Its temperature, which Is of course lower than tho blood, paralyses the fine terminal Ions of the nerves. , Thu demonstration was com pleted by the performance of two operations in the presence of the assembled members of the profession, by whom the result was re garded as highly satisf ictory . One, of the operations consisted in tha removal of a fetid tumor' and the other in the excision of a varicose vein. The Pabis ExmniTiox of 1000.— A proposal has just been made to Rive the visitors to the Paris' Exhibition of 1000 a particularly grand time, and, It may be (re marks a contemporary) some rather unusual cxperionoet. A. 51. Puschal Qrousset, a Socialist deputy of Paris, is urging the Government to sluk shafts some 4,000ft or 5 000ft In depth, in order to ascertain whether tho heat of tho earth iIiks increase with the depth ns it generally supposed. It Is conjecture I that if this depth Is reached some verv imrlrnip. if tot valuable, results will bu obtained vhilst, In any case, such shnfta must bo rery nttraclive to visitors. It is proposal o connect these shafts by mcanBof tunmisi ir drives, which will he fitted up with nil orto ot shows, bo that visitors may have inderground expcrloncons well ns experience ibovc ground in ascending the Elfful Tower Somebody has objected that in niuking to bo ;reat a depth a largo body or water mny be itruck, which will stop the operations, but tho projector icplics that if this U thu case, Ilien there will bu a splendid water-supply for Paris, which will bo free from the microbes which intrude themselves so unpleasantly at present. Some persons ibject (lint an outlet might ho madu for the molten mass in the centre of the earth, which being relieved of pressure might flow over tho whole world, but tho projector Is ready to chance that risk. It, has' been said, that tho grown-up children mutt be amused, so. there are to be the Eiffel Tower, an enormons moon on n scale ncvor attempted before, captive balloons, ond then tho internal fire. Dr fire and water mingled. What would bo tho result if a great body of water came Into contact with a great body of tiro it is hard to say, but the show would aortainly bo burst. Possibly, the Exhibition itself and Paris might disappear also. Look at Billiards.— Mr A. j. Oarstalra, of the Array and Navy Club, London, had rocently tho following piece of luck at bil liards, He wrltos to ' Land and Water ' :— ' Tho following stroke nt billiards, If viewed in tho light of 'chances,' was an extra ordinary one, and may prove ot interest to some of your rcadors. ? The intention was to' put thn red In the lcft.side pocket, and make tho canon. Tho canon (an exceedingly difficult one) was rondo, but not In tho way Intended, and' the rod, being out vory fine, doubled oil tbo cushion into tho pocket oppo site to tho one originally intended, Into whloh it was also followed in due oonrso by tbo remaining balls, Tho result was a ton shot, nnd tbren bnlls In tbo same pookct.' ? Tho « Lsnoot ' Is the greatest Medical Journal In tho world, and it says :— ' T Galley Bbaxd Whisky Is a thorough well-matured spirit, exceptionally mellow in tho taste, and notwithstanding its excellent rich color, there is no residue, tho mincra matter and fusil oil aro absolutely nil. A thoroughly healthy stimulant.' finvT.1 FooTDArili.— Thu nutohuH f,,r tho Vic. orlan Premiership played on Saturday last osultsd as follow :— Melbourne, 6 goals 10 lohlnds, boat Ewoiidiin, S goals 0 buhlnds t 'lUroy, 11—18, bunt South Molbonrno, 2-u Icolong, 4—8, heat Fnotitorayj 2— 4| pott Uelbontnu, 5-1, boat North Mulbourne l-ll | Oarlion, 7-10, bo»t Ulolimiind, I -m Jolllngwood, U— 8, beat Ht. KIMa, 4—5, -Our riunloy correspondent writes :— At a' loiumlttuo muutlng of the Stanloy Football Olub liuld on Friday, It w n decided to open thu biuiiton with a coBtumu football match on Queen's Ulrthduyj The Beorotury wua re luestod to urmngo bovuii mntehus with the UlHok.lllvur Olub, subject to certain .con ditions, tho Itrst game to bo played on Juno 1, on tho Ulack ltlver grouuil, ami after that a tnatob ovcry three weeks, alternately on both grounds. ' It was considered advisable to write to tlid Coast olubj with a vluw of receiving and paying vlnltB this year. New Books.— A oordla! wolcomo will bo accorded to MIm Ethel Tumor's now book, ' Urowing . Up,' whloh carries on that dollghtful story ' Seven Little. Australiuni,' —'slipping a little space of years.' Tho volume may be looked, for In July or August The talented young writer has also. In the press, a talc for older folk, although entitled ' Tho Story of a Baby.' A London critic says 'of this s ' A graceful little story j very good reading ; thn character of Dot Is very bewitubloK.' Ward,: Look and Bowden London' and Melbourne, will publish both' books. -' ? ? ? ? 