NOTES AND NEWS. Thn Civil sittings of the District Court, v winch were adjourned from last Tuesday, will conunonco this morning before his Honor Judgo Miller. An accident of a serious naturo happonod abuut 0 o'clock yesterday nftornoon to Mr. ?a P Pnlronll nlinrnlirnknr. of Mnllll rieasant. Mr. Colwell, who has only ono hand, waB nboub to saddle his horso to go i»to town, to his business aud waa in the ant of getting tho animal to turn round in the stall to put the bridle on whoa it kiokod out with its hind foot, striking Mr. Colwoll in tho stomach find knockinglnm down. JIo was carried into his honso, -whore ho was attended by Dr. J. L. CuppaidRo. No bonus aro broken, but tho internal injuries, wo regret to hoar, are of a berious nature and tho pain intense. Tho magisterial inquiry into the fatal accident which happened in 1 North l'hconix mine on Thursday morning will be hold by tho Warden at 2.30 o'clock this after noon. Tho lamented death of Mr. Argo was referred co in tho Prosbyteriun church on Sunday morning by tho Rev. A. Ohapman in the course of an impressive sermon on the words 'Tlwrefure be ye also ready for in such an hour aa ye think not tho Son of Man cometh.' The rev. gentleman said: — '? Such a sight ns was witnessed on Friday forenoon last as we bore to their last resting iilnce tlio mortal remainR of our departed fnond was touching in the extreme. All ranks and classes of the community were i; met to pay a last tribute of respect to a man di of worth and of sterling character. Bugged tt, liko tho gianite of tho Northern town iu m the old land by the grey sea, near which he a first saw tho light of day, he was novertho- 8e loss a man of kindly heart and of childlike j,} disposition. Few men could manage men as he could in these days of strained relations between employers of labor and employees, a- aud the working men of Gympie did them- to selves honour by thoir presence and part in w. tho funeral cortege. As a public man of Uoorge Argo's place will be difficult to fill. '( So long identified with all the institutions so —mining and other— of the town he will bo «' sorely missed, for he was sago in his tli counsels and wise though few in his words.' »' About 10 o'clock on Friday night Mr. W. ^ liarrowman, an old resident of the field, was ja returning to his home in Nelson road, when rj( lie unfortunately sustained a fall, whioh broke his right leg just above the ankle. The accident took place outside his th fence and was caused through getting into fo a rut iu the road. Dr. W. S. Geddie was sis called in and attended to the injury, and we th learn that, the patient iB getting on well. on At the Police Court on Saturday, before j,8 the Police Magistrate, Patrick ftl. Molloy f*1 was charged by the Inspector of Orphanages *° ?with child desertion. Mr. A. Conwoll ~* (Messrs. Tozer and Conwell) appeared for ?™ defendant, who stated that he was uaable 1Di to pay anything and asked for fu- ther time. en He was ordered to pay 6s per week for six f*' mouths from 20th November, 1804, and 4s °u 6d cosis of court } £4, 2s 6d to be paid forth- V with and recognisances to be entered into ™] for ilit) due payment of the balance monthly, ** himself in £5, and one surety in J65, or two *j! in £2 103 each.— Yesterday, before Messrs. '' W. Clark and J. L. Malhews, JJ.P., an lBi inebriate was discharged with a caution. ™. Jaines Doyle pleaded guilty to using obscene ™| lnogusge at Mount Pleasant and was fined t01 A\, in default seven days' imprisonment. ^ The success of the re-opening of the m Gympii) Debating Class for the present year los was greatly marred by the stato of the pe ' weather, still fourteen were pressnt, and though tbo consideration of the new sylla bus was wisely postponed till next meeting mi those who attended heard with pleasure Mr. 'ui Finney's paper on ' Snake Stories.' Tho tal paper related chiefly to tho Legend of oa Mother Mountain or 'White Man's Mt., IU( as told by a native. The legend was to the ?° effdct that on a certain night kthe mountain °S whs covered with skeletons who moved Ul ' about as only ghosts can and carried large an ^tnivfccs in their hauds, fought battles, ou executed dances of war and peace to the admiring terror of the nauive onlookers, Lt and finally vanished 'leaving not a raok po behind.' Mr. Finney also gave a specimen th snake story of a green reptile measuring by X! guess about 27 feet, but as he and those \v- with him were unable to obtain it, it is not ga on view in any museum. However, Mr. Finney, vouches for the truth of his story. j^( All aro looking forward with interest tv- ^e next Friday evening, March 1st, whoa Mr. ^ Baylis gives a paper on Magnetism with jj- experiments. The public generally are invited to attend and spend a pleasant evening. M On Friday evening the sixteenth quarterly msoting of tho Uympie Industrial Co- , operative Society was held in the Odd- DE fellows' Hall, Mr. M. Carr (president) in P£ the chair, when the financial statement, auditors,' and directors' reports were read aj and adopted. In their report the directors ov state that ' during the quarter 12 have of joined the Socioty and 9 withdrawn, total tt membership 428, representing 2021 paid-up tl: and 270 contributing shares. The sales for a the quarter amount to J85167 3s 3Jd. The w nett profit amounts to .£4b'8 16s 8Jd, whioh gi we propose to dispose of as follows s — Interest on loan and paid-up shares, £53 10s 4dj dividend duty, £2 13s 6d( bonus to {J1 shareholders at Is 6d in tho £, 4337 10a 2d ,? 'j bonuB to non-ahareholdnrs at Od in the £, ™ X23 3s Od | depreciation of property, ,£40 ; ' depreciation of fixed and rolling stock, .£8 . e' SisioducationaHund, JC316sllJd?' A billot A was taken for president, and resulted in 31 the election of Mr. W. Bines. The other w officers were returned unopposed j viz :— ^ Directors— Messrs. J. Barrett, T. O. Davies, ?' E, S. Jones, and D. Griffiths ; auditor, Mr. J. Futtertonj nominal secretary, Mr. E. , Grenfell. . \ , Mr. L. (J, Board is gazetted a memboc of tl the Oynipie Central State School Committee 0 in the room o£ Mr. S.Trueman, resigned. The annual meeting of inemberB of tho b Queen's Park Football Club will be.held in f Mr, J.H. Stamp's rooms on 'Thursday even- o ing. C Noininationu for the H. A. C. 13. Society's ^ (ports have been extended until Thursday J next. l; It was stated in Bundaberg on Friday th it a well-known and highly esteomed young lady was brutally a3saulted by a kanaka in Bourbong street. It seems that the lady was going by the eastern portion of tb,e main street when she encountered a mob, of kanakas. She endeavored to get out on the rpfld, but one of th,e ruffianB struok her a Bpyere blow on the breast, causing her to stagger. TWb was at a comparatively early hour of the night. The lady got away severely hurt, but luckily without further niolestution. This is the most glaring and audacious outrage yot attempted hero by the walk-about kanaka,— Uuudaberg Star. Mr. 'Wf H( Browne, member for Croydon, was presented with a purse of ninety-four sovereigns by his constituents on Thursday night. The presentation wns made by the Mayor, in the presence of a large gathering la returning thanks for tho gift, Mr. Browne spoke strongly against the notion of the Iguana Extended Block Company in ob taining a Government subsidy and hanging wp'.the mine shortly afterwards. Mr.'Browno is now on his way to Brisbane. The Government have decided that in future the exhibitions to universities shall be open to women. The exhibitions ore tKrotf in number, oE tho annual value of 4il00, ft'nd are open to students under IN [ years of ago, or' who aro Stato school scholars under five years' standing) and who have resided in lh,e colouy for two years immediately preceding the annual examina tion, or whose paronts have, resided here for (the three years preceding the examination. \ T he Rev. J, Clarke, who has figured so .Prominently in recent Courts proceedings in ' Jfejir South \y»los, jfao Ween1 avraated as a lunatic Thip is the foutth lime within the Mat two or three years that lie has beer ..frQU|ht/-J[Qr9 tf»# Wettpptflitivu Jrti«w ?'fcttbr 1 Tho following is tho amended plodgo ro commendod by tho Albury Conforonco of tho Australian AVorkors Union, to bo domandod of cnudidatus for parliiunontiury honors :— '1 horoby plcdgo mysolf not to stand us a can didatofor this or any othor oloctorato unloss selected by a majority of tho members of this league or district assembly. I also promise, if returned to Parliumont, to on all occasions do my utmost to socuro tho currying out of tho principles ombodiod in tho labor plat forms, and on all such ijuostionB to vote us a majority may docido at a duly constitute i caucus meeting.' This — as a tiydnoy con temporary justly remarks — is au immenpo improvement upon tho old pledge which so hound thoso signing it that it, beenmo a litonil obligation for them, ovon about tho smallest mattors, alw.iys to voto at their party's call, and uovor think of thinking for ;homsolvos fat all. If thoy oithor votod or thought independently it was provided that :hey should bo sent about thoir businuss by k formal cousuro of a certain proportion of ihoir constituents. J. C. Miuns is tho real name of tho writor if the ' Skotches in tho Kough ' of Austra ian public mou, which are appearing in the Vild River Times. The following is a comparative statement f the total areas of the selections approved in ho land agents' districts of Gympie, Mary orough, and Gayndah during 1803-91. lympie district : Area selootod in 1803, L)13 acres ; in 18S)4,'22,157...aoro8 ; incroaao, 5,100 acres. Maryborough district j Area sleeted in 1803, 8,417 acres ; iu 180i, 1,075 acres ; increase, 2,628 acres. Gayn ih district : Area telocted in 1803, 4,353 :res j in 1804, 3,038 acros ; decrease, 720 wes. Grand total for tho thrijo distriots : rea selected in 1803, 10,853 acres ; area ilectod in 1804, 36.870 acres ; increase, r,017 acres. Mr. Gray, of tho Castlomalne Brewery id Quinlan, Gray, and Co., has forwarded \- tho Courier a sample of sun-dried rice, liich was obtained by him from Mr. Albin, Yandina. The sample was tuken from u )ld of half-an-acro grown by Mr, Albin this ason as an expeiiment on the Maroochy vor. It is stated tthat in that portion of o colony there .are 300 aoros suitable for :o cultivation, and that the sample of rice question would go nearly 60 bushels to io acre, mo rite, so rar as can Do juagea, of fair quality. The duty on imported ce is Id per lb. Stump orators are apt to declaim against le Ministry for the time boiug in power r not offering better inducements and as stance to paoplo to settle on tho laud. But io real reason why people do not care to go i the land and try tanning for a livelihood that prices for farm produce htwo dropped r below tho paying soale. A farmer, writ g the Lockyor Star, says : — ' 1 cousignod !cwt to Brisbane, and got the magnificent .in of 2s 6d in stamps, the bags alone cost g me 3s 61.' The Thornton correspoud ic of the u.iuie paper also takes up the ory as follows : — I wish no harm to anyone, it we waut the dry seasons back again, hat we had to seU then, we got something r; now we get nothing. Just fanoy butter Id per lb., and mai^e at 10d. per bushel ! ow are we to live ou it P Your Forest ill correspondent quoted an instance in his st whore a neighbor sent 2 tons of potatoes Brisbane, and got 6d in return, and lost s bags into the bargain. Well, I sent C us of really good potatoes to Brisbane last ason, aud goo baok 17s 5d, and I also loat y bags, which co^t me £1, so after all I is 2a 7d to tho bad, with all my labour at. And this is hosv we live, and are ex icted to pay our way.' The Queensland Cotton Company has ' ado a loss of .£877 on tho past year's trad g. Tho loss is mainly attributed to the tlure of the local cotton supply, which used the stoppage of the mill for about two onths, and to tho imported ootton giving nsiderable trouble in manufacture, thore r reducing tho output. Tho difficulty with ,o imported cotton has now been overcome id tho mill is again resuming its previous itput. A billiard tournament between Gattou and lidley, two farming and pastoral centres of -pulation, situated between Ipswich and io main range, was played last week, here were aovon players aBido. Laidley on 8 games by 200 points, and Gatton 0 luios by 161 points. Wo (JPcsfcni Star) understand that Mr. den, railway station mastor, Koma, has jon promoted to the charge of Kockhamp m railway station, where he will relievo !c. P. Nolan, who takes charge hero. Mr. 'W. O, Hodgkinson, lata Queensland .inistor for Mines, is visiting tho Bamboo reek and Marble Bar goldfield (\V.A.). The celebrated race horse Carbine has aen insured for JS 10,000 at a premium of 7 sreentf .£700 per annum. The action brought by Mrs. Kilpatriok jainst Messrs. Huddart, Parkor and Co., ivners of the steamer Alert, which foundered I Sorrento, Hobson's Bay, for damage for le loss of hor husband on the ground that io steamer was not seaworthy, has ended in verdiot being returned for the plaintitf, ith damages X600. Of this sum ^500 will o the widow, and £100 to the child. The litigation over the cyanide patents as now reached Australia. A commission a.i been isauod under an Imperial Act to lesars. K. VV. Pennefeather and Herbert l.trrctt, two Melbourne barristers, to take vidonco in the suit of James Hay v. the .triean Gold Eecovery Co. The commission it iu Melbourne lust vveok. Commissioners 'ill take evidence also at Sydney, Adelaide, triabane, and probably iu Now Zealand. — .ustratian Mining Standard. Dr. A Conan Doyle iB said to have made 2,000dol. during his American lecture tour j loro money, according ro hta own statement, han he. made during the first twenty yours -f his career aa a novelist. Evidenco of the deop hold whioh totali ator hotting has taken of the people of $ow Zealand iB shown by the statement if the secretary of thn Wellington Eacing 31ub, .that, prior to tho running of the Wellington Cup, he had received .#700 from naohine on different horses. The following noble instance of gBnerous K'lp to a hospital is recorded in tho English itpera i — ' Tho Lord Lieutenant . of (Jam arulgoshire, Mr. Peckover, presided at the quarterly court of the governqra of Adden brooke's Hospital at Cambridge, on January 3th, when it wus stated that several hund reds of pounds wero needed to keep the in stitution going. The chairraau at once gave a chequo for £1000 to enable Iho gov eruors to start the new year with a clean shout. Mr. Peckover gave JJtOOQ to the same hospital 12 mouths ago.' The enthusiastic chess editor of tho Lon. don Times (weekly odition) says:— 'The proininonco of mere youths in several recent chess evonts is a feature of high interest and importance. Once get the rising gen eration interested in chess and wo aro con vinued nations will be benefited and ele vated. Rowdyism nnd chess can never go together.' [ I'he same remarks should also hold good of draughts.] A whole village of well-to-do Italians, speaking English with an aocent, is ono of the most astonishing things that Italy oll'erB to the louriat, They aro retired orgnn-grindors, who haveacquirod comfort able fortunes in England, and have gone baoic to thoir beloved ntuivo land to live in nllluonco -?ith thoir families in this ftrnnge littU colony whioh they have founded among the. sweet Italian mountains. Tho stiangor. in walking through tho qulut streets iB often astonished at tho sound of a hand-organ Bonding forth tho familiar strains of a ones popu,I-yc air from within some ono of the houaea, giving evidonoo of the nffootion in which tho organs are hold by their swarthy, -hrls-eyed ^RQrg, Riid whioh moit c- thaw ?!i»r|;h Jondly in thoir I idedj Ufa of iaiaiittps to afford them the I (nuala \?h)sh mm ^ raush in thfl? liven, i ». ''.'??'.* . A petition has boon fllod for tho liquida tion of tho ostato of Isaac Pothocary, forim rly of Bdndaborg, but now of Cordnlba, bailor and Btocokaopor ?, liabilities, X51 4b 3d. Tho Gorman Emporor's description of himsoif, ns a ' descendant' of iTrodyrick tho Grout, iu his message oBoring a donation to tho committoo for tho purohase of Oarlylo's houao, recalls tho Princo of Wnlos' colo bratod nllusion to ' my ancestor, Quoon Elizabeth.' Frederick tlio Groat, dying without 18SUO in 1780, waB succeeded by his nephew, |Frodoiick William II., who was followed in 1707 by his son, Fredoriok William III., father to tho lato, and fjrandfathor to tho present Emporor William. ? 