SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THE U00DW00D HANDICAP AND ST. LEOER BUNKING. (Uv 'Photon.') Adelaide, Saturday. Tho Victorian contingent havo not started woll, as thoy experienced nothing but defeat at the oponing of the Metropolitan Autumn campaign when Tattorsall's races took placo on tho old course, rno ciud nau a good aay, as -C9780 passed through tho machino, tho aom misaion on which is 7J per cunt. Iu the first event, tho Trial Stakes, tbo favorite. Successor, being brought up at the right time, stalled off Curlotta and won com fortably by a length and a-half. Buocaneer was nearly as muoh in demand as Successor, but ho did not justify the confidence placed in him, as he could get no nearer than third. Tho stable backed him, but Successor showed a clean pair of heola to the field at the distance. Backers had to put on their considering caps whon attontion was directed to Tattersull's Cud candidates, the only absentees being Lord Gronvillo nnd Dauobury. Monastery and Hortnnsius, on tho strength of thoir Onka paringa form, had a substantial following, -ut Duhallow had monoy behind him, us he waa soon installed first favorite. Kirkby, on his performance at tho Easter Meeting, hadn't the ghost of a show, but his win only sorted to show that it's tlio unexpeatod that always happens. The Cup lookod much liko a runaway victory for Morgan, as ho dashod off along the back half-a-dozen longths to the good, bnt his meauure wui takon just below the distance by Monastery and Kirkby, who troated tho visitors to a splendid finish, decided by a head in favor of Kirkby, who roturnod tbo nioe dividend of £13 Ids. The finish betweon Kirkby and Monastery in thu Cup was worth goinf, a long way to aoe. Tho littlo brother to Portsoa was well backed by Mr. H. A. Barnett for the Onkaparinga Cup, his owner tbinkiug that being a short striding customer he would be all at homo getting round tho short turns. The gelding, howover, cut up very badly, and never showed a glimpse of bis traok form. Strike, for the Steepleobase, was the ' one good thing of the day,' but tbo finish must lave caused bis bagktrs a fsw asxioos moments, as a bit of a snag was oricountorod Iu Expectation, whp only mined the verdiot by a head, after a great set-to, Snsakor is to be slven a rest in tho paddocks. Ho will not figure at tho S.A.J.C. or A.R.C. Meotings. So far tho publio has not boon much impressed with tho abilities of Mr. S. R. Kunnody's 'ohaHor, who cut a sorry figure iu tho Stoopleobaso last Saturday. Both Alice and Saruino havo also been atruok oat of tho S.A.J.C. Stooploohuso. Mr. W. T. Cowan's colt, Hailstouo, injurod himself in his box during tho woek, aud 'ill not tako part iu tho Cup campaign. J5, tho last of tho Viotnriabs to arrive, has taken up quarters at Glenolg. ? . Tho Riohmnnd Park Btudmastar lion leased Trouora to Mr. F. M'Nutuara, of Molbourno, aud tho filly has boon acnt to bur now quarters. Mr. T. Halos was proaont at Tatt's. racos last Saturday. Tho craok horsomnu intends to rido bis own colt, Carlton, in tho Lugor to day. Aftor sooing the way Monastery shapod against Portaoa'B brother in TnttorBall's Cup he came to tbo conclusion that thero would ho some opposition in tho olassiuruco. Thirty ouo years ugo Hales rodo his first raco in tho colony, riding Smuggler atTboburtou; Among tho others I saw on tho ground were Messrs. Aloo Taylor, J. Scobio, D. Lazarus, M.L.A. and a steward of tho Beudigo Jookoy Club. Tho viotory of J5 in the Sandown Park Handicap doos not entail re-handicapping for tho Adelaide Cup. At tho laBt Port Adolaido mooting tho club oourso or diverting monoy from tho macbiuu by taking Totalisator commissions. Thoy, howovor, did not teat tho quostiou against tho books who showed fight on the occasion. Thoro has for a long timo beon a threat huuging over tho heads of the booka that tho business of thoriiigmon on courses would bo killed. Now the fiat has gono forth, and thout^i it muat havo boon oxpootod, it still foil into.1 tho ranks of tho gontlo bookmakers with all tlie forco of a bursting Bholl. It was loft for the; S.A.J.C., tho premior club, to deal tho riuKiuan tho last blow. That body, with a viow toi stopping the books from taking monoy cfrom tho public, whioh, of courso, in the absonco of tho motullioious, would ik-w into tho machine, havo mado amoiidmonts to thoir raoing rulos and by - laws. Racing Kulo No. 120 at pioaont givoa tho stowards powor to oxoludo arid ojeot fj'oin all places under their control (this, of course, iucludea tho racecourse) persons wjio aro guilty of certain offeucos sot out wi Biib soctions Thoy havo now added to tlies rulo tho following paragraph :— ' Evory person who is liablo to expulsion or romovnl under any of tho rules or by-laws of tho South: Aus tralian Jockey Club, or any registered club, or under any resolution of tho commit tea or stewards of the South Australian Jockey-Club, cr any registered clnb, whether buoIi ltsoln tion apply to gonoral claasos of porsonu or offencos, or to particular persons nroffoiMcs. By-law No. 10 of tho S.A.J.C. roads as follows :—' Any person committing on the said racoconrso, or inauy of the buildings or erections for tho limo boing thoioon, any of tho following offenoos shall bo removed from such rncocourso, notwithstanding auoh person may bo a mombor of tho club, or may liiuvci purchased, and is or may bo in possession of a tickot of admission. Tho offoncos to Hie nuinbor of eight aro thon enumerated, but tho S.A.J.C. havo addod two moro, aud theso contain the koruel of tho situation. They read :— ' (9.) Betting or wagering or offormg to bot or wagor otherwise than by moans of thoolub'sTotttlisatormaohino. (10.) Without the authority of tho committee reociving or offoring to rocoivo money from any other person to invest in the Totaliaator mauhiuo. or acting or protendiug to act as an agent for any other person to make invostmouts in tlio Totalisator machino.' It will bo noted that tho words ' without tho authority of the uoinmittco tire useu, uul ivuuumr tuui- mcuno that the S.A.J.C. intend to isbuo licences to reputable ringmen to reooivo Totalisator commiaaions romains to bo soon. I don't pro tend to know, but I fancy not, and doubtless to-day we shall soo if tho riugmon start bot tiug by way of taking Totaliaator commissions what tho S.A.J.C. intend doing. Tho books havo, I understand, a fairly strong associa tion and no doubt if thoy iutond to fight, nnd I fancy thoy will, thoy will first seouro the best advice possible To those who launched out ou tbo Adolaido Clip tho matter iB of somo importance, as betting is dull, and naturally onough thoy wanted to tako some cash to-day ovor tbo Goodwood and Cup on Wednesday, so as to got as muoh into their books as possible. Speaking of the Totalisator reminds mo that Mr. Aleo Taylor, tho woll-knonu- Ballarat trainer, who has tho 'chaser Dondi hero, was interviewed tho othor day. 'In' the oourso of theohat Mr. Taylor Baid:.' This is my first visit to Adelaide, and if I were loaving Vic toria Adelaide is wbore I would make for. Tho olimate is splendid' for man and horse, aud I should liko very much to Hvo here. With respect to tho Totalisator, I am con vinced that it is tho only tbingthat will purify tho sport, and wo aro aure to havo it in Vic toria aoon. Here a man, say with .£10 in his pooket, can put it iu the machino, and if he [oaes ho can't do anything ou tho nod. With the bookmakers a man can put ^610 on a.horae and loso it straight away. Then he goes to ' tho books,' aud on tho nod laj-8 another 'tennor,1 which he also loses. Thinking ho has a good show, perhaps in tho last race, ho puts down .£20 on tho ' nod ' in tho hope of recovering his loss, but leaves the traok .£40 out of pocket. There is no betting on the nod with tho Totalisator, and in that respect it is a very groat improvomout. I should bo very sorry to see it abolished, as unquestionably it is the only way of purifying racing.' Betting on tho Adelaido Cup, run ou Wed nesday, has boon vory dull during tho weak, in fact mooting a well-known ringnmn on Wednesday night who has seen a good many Cup fixtures, he told mo that ho could not recall such a dull week beforo tho Adelaide Cup. He wound up by adding, ' I have put ono pound into my book to- day.' On Tuosday 800 to 100 was aocopted about Tho Possiblo for tho Adelaido Cup, aftor which Mr. Gollan's fino horse shortened a point. Brad ford was Biipportod at 1000 to 100, and SOO to 80 boing takon about tho St. Logor three year-old. Bradford went really woll ovor tho Cup courso on Thursday morning, and ho shapod exceedingly woll. Tho Possiblo (T. Halos) ran tho courso with Brilliant and Strahan, nud the craok had a nice hold of Tho Posaiblo's head throughout. Kirkby ran a mile and n half in 2min SOsec, doing tho best gallop of tho morning. Tho brothor to Kirkby wont nlono, and roally finished woll, and it lookB as if ho is the only ouo who has a ohance of keeping tbo Cup stako iu tho colony. /ILLUr Ulrt |;UUU ||itliup *u wuu iitu-iiiii*( A. no PoBsible was a Btrong order at the rooms iu the ovening. all tho money iu tho market at 0 to 1 being taken about Mr. Gollan's candidate, who will bo ridden by Halos. Ho Is now a strong favorito at 5 to 1. Bradford also came undor notice, 3O0 to 48 boing uocepted about tho St. Albans throe-yoar-old. Port Admiral was supported for small amounts at 100 to 8, whilst Kirkby's gallop caused him to harden from 100 to (! to 100 to 8. 1000 to 100 was offored about him, but it was not takou, and 100 to ft represents his price. Following aro tho quotations j-^-100 to 20 v Elswiok, 100 to 16 Bradford, 100 to U Tho PoaBible, 100 to 9 Kirkby and Maroon, 100 to 8 JO and Port Admiral, 100 to 7 Strahan, Royal Master, and Monastery, 100 to 0 Brilliant, 100 to 5 to 100 to 1 others. W. Morrison will ride J5 iu tho Adelaide Cup, whilst Stevenson has been secured for Straban. Mr. S. R. Hesoltino has received capital general sntrios for the A.R.C. Birthday Cup mooting, the grand total Bhowing au increase of £9 oror thoso reoeiyod a year ago. 'A Night Off' ran at tho thoatro all tho weok, with the tableaux vivantB, and businoBS was protty good. On Friday ovening tho ' Now Boy ' again took the atage, and tho season couoludod, To-night William Elton opens in ' Tho Guv'nor,' and as ho will liavp the raco wook viaitora to holp to fill tho Royal, tho audierioea should bo good. Tho Empiro Company cloaod their long season at the Bijou last ovouing, and to-night Heller'B Bonanza Cotorie opons. [Br Wike.] Adelaide, Tuesday. Tho action of tho S.A.J. Clnb Committee ill supprossiug Totalisator commission wager iug on Morphuttvillo Racooourao mot with a deal of hostile criticism in sporting oirclos. After tbo unnuul mooting of inoinbers of 3\. A, Tattorsall's Club, held on Monday ovoning, an informal mooting was convened, at whioh Mr. S. J. Jaoobs was voted to tho chair. Several speeches were mad* in oppo sition to tho policy adopted by the proroior oiub, and a suggestion was thrown out that the oommitteo of Tattersall's should intorviow the S.A.J.C. Committoo on tho subjeot. Amongst thoso who addroucd tho (fathering was the Hon. A. O. Addiaon. M.L.C., who al«o holds office as a committemau of Tatter sail's Club. Mr. Addisnn characterised tho latest action of the S.A.J.C. as abigh-banded eat, and said that »tron jg.nual I saliug sxistsd 1PAY, MAY 8, 189 hat tho cominitteo, instead ot promoting lie host interests of tho Turf, were going thu ?Ight way to kill tho Totalisator, without ?rmou raoing oould not bo contiuuod. It came prltli bad graoo, ho said, from a Jlub liko tho S.A.J.C, which had Bourishod to mioh an oxtont that they had boon able to pay for thoir course and improvomonts, that thoy should now try to jratrovory thing. Ho trusted tho A.R.C. »onW not follow tho bad oxnmplo sot thorn hy tho S.A:J.C. Aftor tho discussion Mr. Jacobs intimated that a mooting of Tattorsall's oom inilteo had already boeii convonod for to-day to disonsH thu question, when tho viows ex lirosBod that night would rocoivo thoir con sideration. A requisition has beou falgnod by * nuinbor of loading racohorao owners for prn rontntiou to tho S.A.J.C. oommitteo loqiieHt ingthoni to roconnidor thoir action. I undor atund that tho A.R.C. will not ondorso tho 'ction of tho S.A.J.C. Vory littlo was dono by tho ringmon nt Saturday's raoos In tho way of betting. Placards postod on tho courso iravo publicil to the nnw by-laws, with notification that if infringed tho offenders would bo ejootod from tho courso. Somo of tho bookmakers who havo been iu tho habit of wagoriug Totalisator wmmissioiiH declined to risk tho club's inter toronooj others started operations. It was ividont early in tho afternoon that tho com uittoo moant business. Tboy aommoncod in :lio ton shilling enclosure by ejecting two Solders who wore receiving money from tho jublio for Totalinator iuvostmont. This un llnamillt Hnfv rlnvnitrml nti t\in nlnli'n officials. Tho polico woro requested to assist iu tho removal of tho mon, but thoy had been instructed not to do so, as tho Government declined to tako onus upon llioinsolves by ojocting thoso who committed a broach of tho racing rulos, but intimated that tho polico would bo in attendance to sup press any disturbnnoo that might cubuo as a result of tho action takon by tlio club. Book makors who woro fielding in tho grandstand onclosuro woro told early in the day to duHint, but in all cases tho warning was not hooded, and ono of tho fraternity in conse quence recoived attontion. He was in tho net of boing removod when ho slipped away from tho clutches of tho official. Tho Possiblo has advanced to tho position of first favorite for tho Adelaide Cup at 4 to 1 Elswick, who Imd hold that honor, figuring a 5's, whilst Bradford was at 7's. Thero lias beon littlo botting since Saturday. Brilliant was backod to win sovoral hundreds nt 100 to 7, at which figuro Strahun, J5, and Kirkby woro oach quoted. Four hundred to 32 was accepted about Port Admiral, but he has ro coded to 100 to 0, whilo Maroon's porformanco in tho Elder Stakes sent him back to 1011 to 7 Brilliant shapod woll on tho track yesterday aud has hardened to 100 to 10. Moatyu has boon raised 71b in the Cup, hia weight now boing Sat 91b. 