B=3=GIiLLANI':OUS. :. Ttere is not' ft city, there ia scarcely ..ownship. whicMoes not number, its inhabitant# women who „„ nrilv to be aouseu, ueeeneu. uuu U a life-Ionjr «orrow to the families in which they were born and reared, i«H which they most imprudently .nil improperly rted to share the Stones of comparative strangers. Il . Indies would realise how IZ" lv indelicate . as well as cuip- „blv reckless, such marriages appear i th3 eyes ol the observing, tliev Uoohf aiirely forbear. A year's thorough ncqnaintnnce, with the most circumstantial accounts from dis interested and reliable witnesses of his antecedents Iroin childhood, are tin) very least guarantees which any woman who realises what marriage is will require of a stranger., Even then, if her parents are not fully satisfied as well as herself, she should still hesitate. Marriage ia an undertaking in which no delay can be BO hazardous as undue precipitation. Fresh trouble's have occurred in the Philippine Islands between the Spaniards and the natives. The scene of the disturbances was Caba- cao, a town in the province of Gaga- yan, at the northern extremity of the island of Luzon. A party of Spaniards wns attacked by natives who lay in ambush, and several were killed. SpuDish troops were des patched against the insurgents, and they burned the town of Cabagan which had a population of about 11,000, and dispersed the natives, killing 110 of them. Most palms require a deep rather than r wide pot, a# their roots have d downward rather than a spreading tendency. Give a soil composed of loam and sand, and be sure that the drainage iB good, Stagnant water, at the roots ia very sure to.-, make mis» chief. Shower the (oljage; very often; and give the plants a shady, .but not a dark place. By washing the stalks of the leaves i»id the crown ' of' 'the plant with soapsuds once in a while, you.will prevent the scale from form ing .upon them, '; In'.;. case '-.yoh afihd this insect already established; ,go over the plants ' with a- rather,; stiff brush, using aud8-':mdde.<'/fro7n'.Veba|i and tubucco-inice', ' 'Be sn're.V ttf:,lwdrk the brush into the cracks and crevices) for there the pest you, are fighting will be likely to be louild -in ' greatest numbers. Latania Borhoriica j .is,. not a tall grower, but one that spreiida its great leaves welj .ov'er.;tbe)pot; and is one ol the best for house culture, Phoenix reclinnta ia a very graceful apeoi'ea, which is ulsoiwell 'adapted,' to, culture in the living-room, Kentia Bslmnrnana is a palm : with rich, smooth foliage, of free .growth, and always pleasing. , ; ! His Excellency the Earl, of, Dope toun.haa written to Mr E. .G, Filz- gibbon, chairman of tho Metropolitan Board of Works, /in regard , to the Spottiswoode disaster, as follows 'I ivas greatly, shocked and grieved to hear of the avvlul accident, it Spottiswoode, Will you. convey my sincere sympathy , to those who-, have lost their relatives and bread wiitri era. I enclose a cheque lor' £10, which I will tbsnk you, to add to. the. fund which has been started' in aid of." the' soflerera. e/.-.-.y A lady of exemplary;'; life .'.nnd strong religious convictions, ; left- her church and joined the Salvation Army Her minister was perplexed at her desertion, and called upon her for nn explanation, No ; 'she' got no new gain in doctrino or in' practice from her new religious surroundings ; . she had no spiritual consolations she bad r\f\i SM » ptovjuuBiy enjoyed, , wow tnen W8B 8no happier by the change ? The old lady burst into an ecstasy of happy recollection as she exclaimed,' Gh, sir, the big drum is such a com fort to nie I1 The following anecdote is related , of I resident Lincoln, One evening Mrs Lincoln swept magnificently reeseil into the library where the president was waiting to escort her wto the brilliant reception parlor. ... er oss had a very long train, and was cut low : at the neck, Lincoln w?8 Ending with his back to the fire wheu his wife entered, 'Whew?' 8a'd ld Abe, : What a long tail our eat baa - to-night?' Mrs Lincoln "lade no answer, and the President continued — " Say, mother, don't yon ink it would be better if some of our cal® 'ail wns around Iter neck V he Afghan prince now on a visit w I'nglttud writes thus of dancing- why should people who are the grea est in the land give themselves" Jne trouble of doing what it would be P oasanter and otiBier to have done for Wt,y Bhonld they lower I,®1'!1 to do what should be re- ffld for common entertainers ?' .nJonM1"'? Pick-Me-Up. - A lea nt i, f'l 0'.hra,1,'.v !" two teaspoonfuls ia 51 rQa ,S U8eu' or u patient who » fmnt from w. aknees. anr/sHi ' is ve'T nutritious ?"<' ia not as sickly tired a» w'''ck People soon grow witli'milltlir t" U"P 8lrontt coffee andwi, 1 sugar into a saucepan, beaten 11 1 ."8 P"r ui,on a we"- fines not :,.SU|iWel1 s, thnt the and eerve': lhrUBh i -pHetar!?-" thH Br0ke" Hil1 Pro" huvnt j, 8t,Mrn8 to 'nave almost from th/i., "'V ''l0 late8t advices ing. arner are moat .eucourag- An Egg in Rice.— A delicious dish for an invulid is to poach an egg and serve it on a tablespaoulul of rice, which is nicely boiled so that each grain is separate, heated with a little butter, and seasoned with pepper and salt. The rice should he placed in a china scallop shell, the egg pnt on it,, and a dusting of parsley scattered over all. Lime Water — Procure a lump of, slaked lime and putit into an earthen ware pan, fill up with water, nnd let it stand until the lump is dissolved and a sediment is on the bottom. Water will only absorb a certain quantity of lime, soit cannot be made very strong People with delicate digestions will find a tablespoonful of lime water to every tumbler of milk is an improve ment. Not much time hae been spent by. the Harbour Trust in setting about the removal of the ' Hilaria.'. They are having the vessel pumped out, and all the weighty gear which was left unconsnmed by the flames is being removed, ' Pumping has been commonced, and the charred hull baa risen several feet out of the water, but has still a heavy list on the pier. The heavy anchor and. other chains are being removed on, to the pier, and it is thought that when this work has been accomplished the vessel will ride on an even keel. It has not yet, su far as can fie ascertained, been decided what will be done with the wreck, but it is probable that she will be submitted for < sale at . an early date. The Standard Timo Bill has been virtnaily passed by the Tasmanian Assembly. In the world then are 51,000 breweries, nearly 20,000 of them being iu Germany. The present Mikado of Japan is the ope/hundred and/ Twenty-third in. the direct line of succession, Somocriminal fools (or: it may be only one) are masquerading as ghosts in the Melbourne suburbs. .. Early last year 922 families in Bris bane were in receipt of 'Government relief, but by the end of 1894 this num ber was reduced/to 470. . , , The weather continues very cold in New Zealand. There are four inches of snow lying on the 'ground' at Dun- edin, and 7 inches' all over 'South Taranaki ' ' VYheu Miss Gretrndo Vnnderbilt, dHUghter olVtiieiNew York millionaire, made her debuta he was presented with 148 bouquets worth at the very least £500. ; Although lheJ British South Africa Company was not formed until: 18S9, it is already ipnsier of a territory larger than Cape, fColonv.- : ' 