MORGENJ WG.E A LEGrEN'D Of LUBECK. At die great fire of Lubeck. 12`O, he" MiiLousce of thJ'BoliQ %Gbost" wore .!ertroyod ; shortly nfter ahospital. nearing t'-e same name, -es bnilt' Who to there in Lhi kek who does not J.r , t :L y )i! ihe paor boy Box!. `ramn and the ciii Itrrhtm' blorgen IY" ,4tibe fonnjiir of the hI jital ? I1 idle huh 4n f umai .r, -,ien Bar vka j..6eiont . Luabeebto ived i :errand y, scullion. a:d em played i+ every n. ful e. pacity, a lad called lBrtram. Nei lier he nor any one el e knew who his parents were. He hat been ltlkrn into Bariwick's I on'e frnm ehar ty. to keep them jfrom begging He was a handnome-boy. wth an open honest count'nance. As he grew oMder, hiis macter of en asked him what he could like to he-what pro!es~fo lie w?,uldJ like.to fo!low? ille advinad hmr to get employed. in smone merchant r:esel as a saitor, 1i which tervee li = nii;:ir rii and het'e Iris con.difi;n : r i.t b-or ~eenei :oI :n o-, me '..fPi.sR I.e had fi;es .,rar.-, ?'? e'sed atsd - the ,mplor mc-t iropes ?. for him, by lh' cii he wiuid feel m r'e-independent and have the bienefit of seeirg f,r.'ign lands Fu' s'll he r niained in th. hone, and Swh n his master, who was general'y occupied with more import:nt mitters happened to a-k him, "Will, Bertram, when are you going to set -ff ? " hi. reply was,.." Morgen Weg " (literally. STo-m crow- I will go'-or, V :ery soon I- will o- > ¶uqest'o +and Sr, organ eg';" i But "hee' t?r' two reasons-- not withst:inding hbi eager "desire to. eek his fort n in the wide world, and a!thongh he had attained" the ag' of eighteen ycars-why he still remained. In the first, place it seemed impossihle to him to leave off tending and waiting on his master's little d iu?hcir. who wes 'welve years old. " Secondly, several -year: previou-ly an agent" nnd' I rr's p ndent- of his master's at Rigna, a kind behevolent old mn, .'who had acquired. a large fortune there, had come to :Luheck, and Bertram confind ing in h'm what his masterhad advised, asked hem if lie could in any way assist him. The good Jac . h.bed giver, the boy money; so that he might attend a school and gain lnowledg'. an 1 then he was to go to Riga, where Jacob would see to his future career.. Now when the bright spring, with its promise of hope, again appeared. Bertram thought lie was properly pre j a -d to- present himself to his hen- fact:or. Ile had secretly secured a passage on holrd a ship. and wrote on his door w'th chalk, "Morg'n Weg Illtw.-g," and went to Rigs. - Ten years passed, and no one at Lubeck tlhought m-re of tihe po r Ber itrn--cxcrpt soncetimes his master's dru liter. wlho had grown up a charm inme. lbautiful maiden. -:se morning a seafaring man with a large beard entered the mer-hant's house. None of the clerks or pioptl about rememberrd 1 a-ing seen him before; notwitlhstandin- which, he very rnolly noninted the nerrow windi'ag stairs behind the sitting- room whichl led to the office above, as though he well knew his way in the house. The sailor saluted the merchant, and handed over to him various documeints. by which Barewick perceived that the man had brought him. a, had often b?.en done befo.a.riehconsignment- - of R.assian goods from the success'r of Jacob. of Rign. his former partner. The sailor asked if hl could l e received into the house for two days. fo: he wal, he said, a stranger in every other part of the town '.Herr Barewici: willingly consented. for lie wished to hear something more of the successor cf .Tacob, who be supposed must be a very rich man considering the large sum of money anl valuable deposit of goods belonging to him which were no:v in his hands. As it was ab ,nt twelve o'clock, he asked the sailor to partake of tlhe mid day meal, and sent to invite soime of his riends t:- d:ne with them, stating that they would have the` advantage of meeting a man just arrived from Rigr with news of commercial intere-t. )uring the repast the sailor. who tool the lowest place at the ts?be, related all lie had to tell, and, anmi:neat othler matters, that Jacob, after he had traded singly without any partner, had met with great success; tlhat at h;s death, as he had no heirs, lie had left a considerable fortune to his chief c'erk. Then grace, was said, and ever-, uesR l.id a piece of money on the table. to pay for he wine consurril. But the sailor, to the surprise of the master o the house an-I his guests. laid down a" much money as all the others together. In the afternoon, the ship, which ir the meantime had .come up from Travernude, began to unload her cargo. and thesailor was so ma h occupied till noon the next day. that no one bad the opportunity of asking him who he was, and who Tacob's successor was much as they wiisl? to. know. But at midday they all again assembled; but how astonished were they when th, saldor entered, dressed this timne in a very .handsome snit of clothes; and having. shavet off his reat Russian .beabd.y tuT.ing l.?.Baric? .b£ tht aid I ism nilra-look :at me we!l." ie said taking off his hroad-brimmed htt, " I am Iorgen TWfeg !'' "Yes!." exclaimed Barewick'. danghter, "it is Bertram; " and then she grew red with shame, for at that time it was not deenmed proper for a girl to spesk out so boldly. Now one by one the guests, th. ,:lerka. the servants recognisel h m, welcoomi.d hin heartly, and begzged h. wouell rcconlnt all that had happened i. hi:. It was trne that he had hIv hir d'ligence and intelligence, by his just dealings and undeviating piircbity, acquired alarge fortune. tier" Ilrre wick made him his partlnr, and the nmext year fermitted him to marry hris beautiful daughter--his greatest ie sure. I.ertram employed his wealth t ani hii experience in various ways for 'the good of Lub,,ck, so that ohe was soonl lcted into the council;- hiit the most nbote worthy memor:rl .left cf him is tIe rich:y-, nlowed hr.'pisal- of the Holy Ghost on the 1noulberg, by which he minist!e;ed to a pressing want of the comn:nnity, for thuir idhospitalab i'iv thh 3Marlspgrab (ditch) had.d ? sess d far too small a ievenne; [Ie .even provid-d aainust the 'possibility of the landed property of the institution be;ing taken from it by a.war, or by the edifice being do troyed by fire, by pl?iring a sumn of money sufficient to oedunteract the effects.of these misfor thae: npder the foquaa tioa of it wala.e 