FOE A SWEET BEEATH. Clean the teeth with a brush, pass a flat silk thread between them and rinse the mouth two or three times with warm or cool but never cold water. A few drops of tincture of myrrh or listerine in the water will be found excellent, both as a disinfec tant and to remove the taste of foods. A swallow of this will do no harm. Cold waters are not good, as they shock the teeth, the process of mastication leaving them sensitive to cold. If the digestion is bad, if the stomach is out of order, if there is a cold in the head or on the lungs, or if malodorous foods are eaten, nothing will sweeten the breath. "Well, I am an idiot," said the judge. "How's that for contempt of court, your honor ?" asked the lawyer. " I shan't commit myself," replied the justice. Speaking of Smith's Vocation.—" By the way, what do you think of Smith's calling ? " " Oh, I don't mind it. I always tell the servant to say I'm out when Smith calls." Mother—"Harry Tucker is the worst boy in the school, Tommy, and I want you to keep as far away from him as possible." Tommy—" I do, ma. He stays at the head of our classes all the time." Past Mending.—Doctor to Servant Girl —"Well, now, what is your particular affection?" Servant Girl (bashfully)— " Please, sir, he's a clarionet player in the twenty-fourth of the line." " My sympathies," said the effervescing young woman, "are altogether with the dear Japanese." " So are our hired girl's," responded the matron. " She believes all china should be eternally smashed." A Scotch laird once said to his servant John, who had complained of his temper, " I am sure, John, it is nae sooner on than its off!" "Aye," said John; "but, laird, its nae sodner off than its on!" Growler, when asked what he considered the saddest thing in life, said he was always miserable when be had a big appetite and nothing to eat, and suffered terribly when he had plenty to eat and no appetite. A Suggestion. — " By Jove,". said the artist, " the wolf is at the door, my last painting's gone for rent, and I'm hanged if I can think of anything to paint." "Paint the wolf," suggested the janitor of the studio. Mrs. Fangle—"How do you like your new maid, Mrs. Jingle?" "Oh, she'd be aU right if she were not so over-refined." " In what way P " " She never breakB any thing but thi most costly Dresden bhina." Judge—"Prisoner at the bar, the court has assigned counsel to defend you." Prisoner, with a glance at the counsel—" Is, that my lawyer, yer honour ? " judge— ■" Yes." Prisoner—"Then I pleads guilty." " Now," Baid Mr. Haicede to Mb eldest son, "you mustn't let on that you have been to. college when them city visitors come here. Ef you don't talk like a real jay they will feel that they ain't getting their money's worth." Telegraph Messenger, to Little. Boy of 8 —" Telegram for your mother; sixpence to pay." Little Boy of 8—"I don't think we" want any to-day, thank you, but Fll asl^ mother. Mother, do you want any tele grams ; they are sixpence each ? " " I say, guard," a passenger called out on one of our magnificently-worked suburban lines, " how is it that we are a minute late at the first station ?" " Front end of train's up to time," was the ready reply " rear end's always late." Mr. Dim—"But, my dear fellow, this account has been running for seven years." Scientific Debtor—" Thats right, old man. But you know every atom of a man's system changes in seven years. I am not the man who bought the goods." On reaching a certain part of the road an American driver turned round and said to the passengers—" From this point the road is passable only for mules. Accord ingly I must ask the ladies and gentlemen to get out and continue the journey on foot." tteason. Why.—A little three-year-old girl went to a children's party. On her return she said to her parents—" At the party a little girl fell off a chair. All the other girl6 laughed, but I didn't." " Well, why didn't you laugh ?" " 'Cause I was the one that fell off." Candid.—Fred (enthusiastic young fellow off for a day's sport on a lovely autumn morning)—" Good-bye, Charlie. I wish you were going with me." Charlie— "What are you going to shoot, Fred?" Fred (in a burst of frankness)—"I never can tell till after I've fired." Alas ! Poor Ghost.—John Hoole, the translator of Tasso and Ariosto, was sub ject to nearness of vision. He had a great partiality for the drama, and in his younger days would frequently strut his iiour upon the stage at an amateur theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields. Upon one of these occasions, whilst performing the ghost in " Hamlet," Mr. Hoole wandered incau tiously too far from the trapdoor through which he had emerged from the nether world, and by which it was his duty to descend. In this dilemma he groped about, hoping to distinguish the aperture, whilst the audience, who were ignorant why the ghost remained so long in the upper regions after the crowing of the cock, expected him to favor them with a second edition of that celebrated scene. It was apparent from the lips of the ghost that he was holding converse with some one behind the wings. He at length became irritated —alas! poor ghost!—and ejaculated, in tones sufficiently audible—" I tell you I can't find it." The laughter which ensued may be imagined. The ghost (which, if it had been a sensible one, would have walked off) became more and more discomposed, until its perturbed spirit was placed by some of the bystanders on the trapdoor, after which ic descended, with all due solemnity, amid roars of laughter. She Had Her Wat.—The power woman may wield in politics was lately shown in North Dakota. A young woman (attractive of course) was a candidate for the State School Commission. Her opponent was a clever man — a shrewd politician — and another candidate, a young man of social prominence, who was supposed to be the most popular of the three. First the young woman successfully undermined the shrewd politician by capturing the young men of the town. Then she went to the other fellow. After a fruitless but fierce struggle with him she finally disposed of him by agreeing to marry him if he would with draw, wnich he gallantly did. This opens a terrible vista of possibilities for female politicians. The constant drop of water Wears away the hardest stone ; The constant cooing lover Carries off the blushing maid 5 And the constant advertiser Is the one who gets the trade. 