THE HEtR OP BARTH. ? CHAPTER XXXI (Continued.) She succeeded in exciting Mi's feelings and ? curiosity intensely on the subject, and while Mrs. Wrigley would fret and wonder and pry aeoretely, and yet arrive at no conclusion, her . more enterprising daughter, if she undertook to obtain enlightenment, would be likely to arrive at discoveries. It all happened on account of deviled kid neys. These delicacies were the delight of Mrs, Pettigrew's soul. She insisted upon having them furnished her. The last day of her stay in the doctor's attic had come. No one but the con spirators lenew it, but that night was Natolie to be re moved secretly by Tony and Mrs. Pettigrew, * and carried on her way to a Scotch insane asylum. That day deviled kidneys were pro mised to Mrs. Pettigrew. It was the day when Mrs. Wrigley's two Servants had their monthly half-holiday, and in their haste they forgot Mrs. Pettigrew's luxury. The cook declared that breakfast should see them served hot and hot. Mrs. Pettigrew knew that she would not be there at breakfast. The servants went their way. Mrs. Petti grew saw Doctor Wrigley also leave the house. The buttoned boy was playing hookey in the foack street. Mrs. Wrigley would be sure and not leave her room. Mrs. Tony con cluded to leave her patient, who had fallen asleep, and go down-stairs and cook her kid neys for herself . Down she went, and was intent on the art of compounding egg and bread-crumb and Bpice and melted butter, when Mi entered the Bouse to visit her mother. She peeped into Mrs. Wrigley's room, and saw her sound as. leep. . She concluded to go to the kitchen and find a maid to report her visit when the lady awoke. She went in her own swift, silent way, down to the basement, and, standing on ihe lower step, saw the strange nurse, no other than young Pettigrew's mother, bending over j^r' a saucepan. i .v As she was herself unseen, it flashed into Mi's mind that now she could run up to the ? top story and have a look at the mysterious prisoner. She flew to the attic, and there was the key, turned and forgotten, in the outside of the door. Mi listened. All was still. She gently opened the door and looked in. A slender figure, almost as one dead, lay on the couch, Mi approached the bed. A very little later than this, Mi, pale, pant ing and breathless, rushad into Misa Barth's room, and flinging herself in an agony at her cousin's feet, she cried : ' Oh, help me ! Hide me ! Drive me away ! Do something, because I know suoh a wicked ?wicked thing !' ' Mi,' said Miss Barth, taking her by the shoulders, 'what do you mean? Speak plainly !' ' Oh, I have seenher — the girl at our home '—father's prisoner! Oh, oh, she is Natolie my own Natolie Idria!' ' Natolie, insane — at your father's !' cried Miss Barth. ' She is not insane ; I know she is not. She was asleep or in a stupor. She did not hear my whisper, and I was afraid and ran away. She is not insane. She lies there, with her hands folded — oh, calm and sweet, andl as if she had suffered terribly, and as if Some one was trying to murder her. Me is doing it — my father ! Oh, take her away from Iiim! Save her ! Don't let liim be so wicked ! Oh, Natolie, Natolie !' -£ This is a terrible story. Think what you are saying.' ' I do, I do ! It is Natolie ! And where is lier mother? My father has no right to her. It does not agree with his story. Oh, I see it all — -she will be murdered ! You must save Iter, and save my father from a crime !' Poor Mi went into hysterics — even into .. Convulsions. It was hours before she could ]}? restored, and then Miss Barth sat by lier, promising to at once arrange to rescue Natolie and bring her to their home. Doctor Brice had been sent for to Mi. He had not come. When he did come, he would counsel them about saving Natolie. Myra sat by the sobbing and excited girl flatil almost midnight. Then, as Mi had fallen asleep, Myra left her to her maid, and returning to her own room, put on a long white wrapper and threw herself on her couch. Ill an instant she slept heavily. Mi's terrible story and excitement had proved the culmina tion of Miss Bartli's late distresses. True to its old propensities, her turbulent brain re fused to rest with her body and bound it in Bleep to its will. Once again Miss Barth rose an the night, and, haunted by her past, she Wrapped a white shawl over head and ? Bhoulders, and passed out into the night alon« that road which had led to disaster in other nays. Under the faint light of a rising sum , m-&\- moon, tall and stately .and unearthly, she moved along. . It was betwepn twelve and one. A car-. ^.aa°i.wns waiting for Tony, his wife and ^tatohe, and the two conspirators had carried iNtltolie from Doctor Wrigley's liouso, and ' ? TYer(; hurrying with their light burden along , the lane from Clematis Villa, which crossed XUG road to the rcsGi*voii\ At tlio lane's end was tho carriage. ^'S ^0lm01' adventures in this Spot, Tony was looking warily about, when his Ojes foil on tho sleep-walker. His teeth Chattered. His framo shook. Clammy sweat r0liem, 0VC11' Ho gasped as for breath. 'The ghost! The ghost!' ho faltered. ?, I have seen it twice before ! This is mv last Call! Ishalldio!' He dropped Ms end of the burden, and his wife, thus arrested, looked frantically about. The white, mysterious figure moved steadily nearer. Tony flung up his hands. He yelled madly : ' Ghost ! Good ghost ! Mercy ! Have mercy ! Spare me — spare me — and talce my toife!' But using his feet to as good purpose at his tongue, Tony was already well up the road. Mrs. Tony, thus left as her husband's sub stitute to the tender mercies of the awful ghost, dropped her end of the burden they had been bearing, and, in raptures of terror and rage, moved her long legs up the road at a prodigious rate. This violent action soothed both her pas sions. It took her farther from the ghost and nearer to Tony. Now she is running neck and .neck with him, and vengeance cannot be denied. She reaches out a brawny arm and lays hold of Tony by the coHar. One vigorous twist of that muscular arm, and she stretches Tony flat, screaming at him : ' De'il take you, Tony Pettigrew ! Will ye give your lawful wife into the clutches of a ghost, 'stead of youself ? Not while I knows it, Tony !' But this fierce racket of tongues and feet, of strife and terror, aroused the sleep-walker from her slumbers. Myra looked about. Overhead the sky of summer night. Yonder the flying figures raising mad clamour. At her feet a dark, silent, motionless something. But Ailsa Wallace had detected her lady's absence. Hale and active at sixty years, Ailsa had pursued and overtaken lier foster-child. ' Bless your dear heart, my precious Iam bic !' says the withered old nurse to the stately woman, soothingly. ' It's a braw night for a walk .' Why didna ye call me to come ?' Then she saw that dark mass at Myra'sfeet and bent to uncover it. ' Gude save us a' ! What is this in the mid road ? A murdered woman /' Myra stooped down and turned the white, inanimate face up to the summer moon-light. It was Natolie Idria ! ' Take her up, Ailsa,' said Miss Barth. ' Lift her head and carry her with me. God grant we may get her safely to the shel ter of my own roof !' Ailsa lifted the still figure, murmuring : ' She's deed !' They hurried toward Barth House, and at the portico found Doctor Brice just stepped from his gig, and standing uncertain under the night-sky. CHAPTER XXXII. DIPLOMACY. The first day of kuly hung in sultry heat over London. The English can endure any amounl of cold, fog, sleet or rain, but they wither under a blaze of sunshine. Every one who could leave the metropolis had fled. Those who remained kept within doors if they might, or, forced abroad, crept languidly along the shady side of the streets. The thoroughfares wore a deserted look, almost as if the Great Plague had revisited the capital. So thought the Contessa Idria as the door of the hospital closed upon her, and left her in the world of toilers once again. ?' Good-byp,' said the porter. ' I wish you well.' ' And then the Contessa again faced Lon don — penniless. She had had a few shillings in her pocket when she fell, those weeks back, in the terminus, but somewhere — at the station, or as she was carried in the litter, or at the hospital — public charity had despoiled her, and she stood with out one farthing. Her hair was greyer than when she lived in Bird-Cage Walk, her eyes more sunken, her cheeks more hollow, her shoulders somewhat bent. She looked perfectly the lady still in the black silk hastily put on for that fatal midnight ride, the bonnet of Tuscan straw brimmed with a black-lace veil and the hand some shawl, unsuited to the season, but which with the chill from long illness did not feel too ! warm. ? ' She came out of the hospital with the same purpose which had been hers weeks before. She must find Mr. Mellodew and beseech him fco search for her daughter* The way was long to Temple Inn, and she was feeble ; but she reached at last the knightly old court at law. The birds were singing and the roses were blooming in the old historic garden where York and Lancaster had plucked sym bolic flowers. Nothing lured the attention of the contessa. One idea filled her mind — her daughter — her stolen daughter ! With weary feet she climbed tlie dark and i dusty stair and entered Mr. Mellodew's office. ' He has been abroad, ma'am, on important business for some time, but we look for him every day.' Without a word, the contessa returned to the street. Her strength was failing her. Sup pose she should again fall ill ? What would become of Natolie ? She must go to Miss Barth. She recalled Myra, strong, rich, calm, she would help her. But Barth House was miles away. She could never walk there, nor could she beg the money for fare. Her eye fell on her shawl. That solved her difficulties, and she went on, looking for a pawnbroker's. . ° They are not hard to find; thanks to human misery. ? ' ; i ''Alf a p'un',' said tho woman in charge. ' I desire to sollit. I do; not want it. back.' ' Twelve shillin'.'' ' Why, it cost twenty pounds !' 'No one will care to. buy it— old-fashioned. Twolvo shillin'.' ' I must certainly have a pound.' ? The woman shook her head. The contessa thought: Suppose Miss Bartli were away from home. She must have a few shillings to live on until Mr. Mellodew came' back, and she could go and see to her things left in Bird-Cage Walk. She moved to- :the door. Slowly tho harpy of trade rose to- the required amount, and the contessa camp into possession of a pound. - : She stopped at a restaurant for a enp of tea, and then went to' a cab-stand for a cab. Poverty made tlie contessa acute in dealing, and she lot the cabbies wrangle it out among themselves until she had . secured' a hansom for live shillings. - . : s ? Not being engaged by tho hour, cabby rattled along as fast as tho law allowod or a little faster, and at last they stopped before tlio broad portico of Barth House. ' Contessa Idria !' cried Miss Bartli, spring ing eagerly to meet her, and pressing hor gently to a seat as she romarked hor 'exhausted state. ? ? . . v. - 'Miss Barth, I qamo'for holp. ' I 'have lost my child— my Natolie— my till ! Holp lrio to find her !' ' , ' 'I am sure it will be easy,' said Miss Barth. ' Alas, no ! It is almost two months, and. I have not the faintest trace of her ! Alone, helpless, all this while !' ' I am certain she is safo. Indeed, I can assure you of it.' ' What !' cried the contessa, clinging to her. ' Do you know anything of her !' ' She is safo.' . 'And where, where can I find her ?' ' You will not need to go far,' said Myra, handing her a glass of wine. ' Take this. Be composed. As soon as you are composed I can show her to you. She is at present here in my keeping.' ' And unharmed ?' gasped the contessa. ' Unharmed, except that, like yourself, she gives signs of illness and anxiety and sorrow ; but I feel sure, as soon as you are restored to. each other, health will also be restored to you both.' ' At once take me to her. Oh, Miss Barth, consider — two months — two long months of separation ?' Miss Barth gave the contessa her arm, and led her to her own room. The appartruent: occupied by Natolie opened from this, and Miss Bartli had not only had tho door, lead ing to the hall, locked and barred, but she 1 hall had the bed moved against it, so that no access could be had to her protegee cxcept through her own room. The doors between the two were open and the silk curtains that filled the doorway were looped back. Miss Barth signed to her companion for silence, and pointed through the door. Natolie, dressed in white, which Mi had decorated with pink ribbons and rose geraniums, lay on a low couch before a window. Mi knelt beside her holding her hand. She was speaking. ' Look happier, darling Natolie. Miss Barth is seeking everywhere for your mother. She has advertised : She has instructed the policc. Mr. Mellodew will soon be here, and he wiil help in the search. Doctor Brice is looking through all the hospitals and asylums. She will soon be found, and you mil be content.' ' There is Rupert, too,' said Natolie. ' Oh, Mi ! We were so nearly married that we went to the church for the ceremony, and the rector missed the hour, and all this time we three have heard nothing of each other.' 'But he will be found,' insisted Mi. ' Every one and everything is found in its own time. You were found, and Lady Bide bank's will is found, too. I found that — and all is Rupert's. Once we get him back, why, there is that nice little (fortune for you and Rupert and your mother ; and all the Bide bank jewels.' Miss Barth left the contessa and stepped near Natolie : 'I have good news. Will you guess it ?' 'My mother !' cried Natolie. ' She is safe. You shall be united as soon as you can calmly bear such fortune. ' Now, now, this minute !' cried Natolie. ' Where is she ? Oh, mamma, mamma !' Miss Barth might have intended a longer preparation, but the contessa frustrated it. She could not .. resist her child's cry. She hurried into the room, and flinging herself by her daughter's side, covered her face with kisses.' Miss Barth turned her face away and half smiled. ' Joy never kills,' she said. And then a shadow swept across her face, and she mur mured, bitterly : 'Nor does sorrow nor long years of repressed agony.' She called Ailsa Wallace, placed areclining ehair beside Natolie's couch, for the contessa, and holding hand by hand, the mother and daughter looked into each other's faces, and neither could let , the other go, while Ailsa hovered around, ministering to both, and Mi, crushing horrible suspicions of what part her father had had in this villainy, tried to en courage both patients, distract their minds from their late troubles, and undo the evil. During the few days that Natolie had been in Myra's care, only Mi, Ailsa, and Doctor Brice had seen or knew her name or story. Now, with two guests and invalids in her keeping, Miss Barth knew that the household must learn or suspect something, and at even [ ing worship slio resolved to cast herself upon their faithfulness. Before she opened her book she looked along the hall. ' There is not one of you,' she said, ' who has not been with me for years. ' Yours are all familiar faces and faithful hearts. To night I cast myself with confidence on your truth to me. In all the world I have no pro tector but myself and your faithfulness. I have in this house two guests, who, I tell you, have come to me for refuge from an enemy and from foul wrong. I make no charges, but I want no strangers admitted to this house, and no questions asked or answered, even if tho questions come from those who claim rights liore and are accustomed to acquaint themselves with the business of this family.' ' She means Sir Wrigley,' said , the cook to the footman. ' Wrigley will never get anything out of me,' said the housekeeper. ' Let him meddle here,' quoth the butler, ' and I'll let him know that lie's no more rights in Bartli than any other man. I wish to goodness that the house had a master and an lieir, to spare us liim coming about.' Thoy none of them gave any sign to Miss Barth of it deeper comprehension of her mean ing ; but the Bartli doors were kept closed, and the servants were alert day and night, and no news got to James Wrigley. That night, Myra Barth. when she had seen lier guests safely sleeping and had let fall, the curtains between the two rooms, laid before the astonished Ailsa . a handsome re volver. 1 : - ' Giideness save us!'- cried Mistress Wallace. , '? Now, Alisa,'': said 'Myra, ' no ones shall come and interf er'o : with . or carry off tho Idrias. -„* ,1 . don't. - know what. I may expect, and here, is the revolver, a I am a : sleep-walker and I.dare not keep it in my reach. You are 16 put it near at hand where I. do not know, j ? but where .you . can ''give' it to me, if I want,'1 it when I am broad awake.' : And., as wo do not; desiro to paint anybody better. than tliey are, we will. admit on behalf of - Ailsa; Wallace . that tlierti- did then and there come into her harassed mind a wish that ' Maistei': Wrigley' would undortako a nocturnal /kidnapping arrangement, and that, by grace of this revolver, to use her own speech, ' that unco' vicious mon would bo put in a lawfu'' way out ro' reach o' further harmin' o' Christian j)eoplo.' ' Ailsa did not approvo of quarreling with Providence, but' slio really felt that Wrigley. was being allowed taf'livo toO long. ? v While tho .contessa Aand hor daughter, re stored, to cach other, woro regaining licaltli and cheerfulness in the care of Miss Barth, Wrigley felt that he was rid of them forever. At tho hospital he had been assured of tho contessa1 s death. Not daring to give lier name, he had merely described her disease, general appearance and date of admission, and a mis take had been made. He believed lier dead. By much manoeuvring and some false swear ing, he had secured in the Northern Asylum admission for one freo patient. Now, free patients are of so little importance that no ono inquires after tliem if they fail to arrive. It is supposed that they are otherwise provided for. (To be continued.) 