An Oration at Bacchus Marsh. At the request of several of our readers we publish a report of the very fine address delivered by the Rev. P. O'Rielly, on the occasion of the recent presentation to him. We tnke the report from our contemporary the Bacchus Marsh Express us follows :— The Rev. Patrick O'Reilly, on rising to respond, was received with great applause, and spoke with considerable feeliuc and oratorical power, cxciting frequent applause. He mnst first make one remark. Ho had been asked by the testimonial committee a few questions as to the form he would prefer it should take, aud while he declined to mako any suggestions which would hamper their discretion he had asked that everyone who desired to meet him on this occasion should be respectfully, hospitably, and honourably received on this night, and he was happy to say that this wish had been carried out. He was glad to see that they had been entertained, and their presence appreciated. He would first reply to their flattering address. Two allusions deserved grateful acknowledgement. First, his bearing to the poor and humble. Second, the disoharge of his clerioal duties—two most important features of any minister's life. He was not aware that his attitude to the poor merited any special recognition. Its meritorionsness was in its A&IU; e before God; and that implied no sacrifice or even inconvenience on his part; it arose from his natnral inclinations. The poor and distressed included the aged, and tuny were the persons who laid the foundations of human habitation here, when they wrested the forest from the dingo and the reptile. What days, what nights, what labours, were thoseoftheseoldoolonistal There was no eight hours day for them, but from day dawn to sunset they had only the sound of their own axe to cheer them, and thus life went on in the lonelinesa of nature. And they occasionally suffered the blight of drought or the fury of Btorms. When in the scenes of these labours, so many thousands of miles from their native land, these workers prepared to lay their weary frames in an alien soil, he who was not drawn to sympathy with careers such as these had never felt with Raskin that the highest nobleness is usually associated "with the aged and infirm. Only kindness will ever enable you to see what beauty there is in those sunken eyes which earth's adversity has encompassed aronnd till they shine like dying watchfires in twilight. Amongst tbe tenderest lines ever penned on the exile's fate are these— "Some on the shores of distant lands Their weary hearts have laid ; And by the strangers heedless hands Their lonely graves were made." Perhaps the most pathetic emotions ever awakened in a priest's breast are those aronsed by the solitary sound of bis own voice breaking the gloom of a sorrowing throng around an exile's grave. It was no special wonder then, that he should have a tender care for such people. He had no pretentions, and next to no power to preach, but his experience was that the sympathy of an audience was the greatest aid to spoken speech, and that sympathy he had from them at all times in such measure as to make ere-i the dumb speak. Never again did he expect to meet with a people so deeply in sympathy with him and he with them. Deficient as he might have been he had given them of his best. He conld not do more for any people, and to none but them could he speak as he was speaking now. Passing to more general questions there were two matters upon which he supposed they would like to have his opinion on this important occasion in his little life. First., what did he think of their district, and secondly, in what disposition of mind towards it did he leave it, although the latter question had already been partly answered. Charity and good taste demanded that he should speak of the home where he hau spent the five best years of his life, and uf their most deservedly venerated pastor under whom he had, iu some respects at least, so imperfectly served. He had never praised any person iu his presence, however deserving, and he should not do 60 now. It was objectionable to praise a person to his face or to disparage him behind his back. St. Panl said let there be nothing about the absent but what is good. The personal relations of all honseholds should be presumed to be happy until the contrary was proved. Father Horan and himself were face to face with them all now, and could challenge them to say that either had said anything of the other in his absence except that which was good. That was fulfilling the whole gospel of charity. Bnt he was not debarred from praising a man's work, and if he were to dwell upon the continual display of courtesy and advice of Father Horan his language would grow fervent beyond expression. He had no fear of contradiction when he said there was no priest in tbe Archdiocese or Melbourne who had done more apostolic work in tbe same time and with the same means than their respected priest had done. Apostolic work reqnired to be fruitful and permanent. Everything he had put his hand to had been fruitful from the first, and he doubted if there was anything which bore a more permanent aspect in this progressive district than Father Horan's pastoral undertakings. He had approved himself before God as a workman that needeth not to be ashamed. He was fnlly convinced that, on tbe lips of their children's children, when they recounted the early history of Bacchus Marsh, would be repeatedly and gratefully uttered the name of Father Horan. Nor could he be altogether silent about hiB successor and fellow student, Father M'Donnell. If his experiences were the same as his (the speaker's) bad been, he bad to expect from neighbonring creeds, courtesy, generosity, and kindness. He had travelled every inch of this extensive district at almost all hours of the 21, and was never once made to feel the semblance of incivility or disrespect, but if he were to speak of the warm relations in which he had lived with many representative gentlemen of other denominations, his language would be cordial indeed. The presence of their respected Parliamentary representative, Mr Staughton, was an unexpected honour, not to be repaid by any passing compliment. There were many gentlemen either present or in sympathy with their meeting, who, although differing from him in belief, he should ever remember with gratitude and pride. Among these were Messrs William Lyle, Mark Kyle, Hugh Meikle, Peter Grant, Constable Thompson, Mr Dickie, and Mr Little. They brought home to his mind, with a meaniug he had never felt before, the broad sentiment of their national poet when he said— " Shall I ask the brave soldier who fights by my side If our creedB agree ? Shall I give up the friend I have valued and tried, If he kneel not before the same altar as me ?" These are the neighbours Father M'Donnell has to live among, but he will find bis own people keenly receptive of the slightest sacrifice aud most casual kindness ; and when his hair begins to fall or to-, whiten in his Master's service he will be able to say that never did he put his hand to the plongh in a soil more responsive than was typified by the Catholic heart of Bacchus Marsh ; nor, to borrow a smile from Robert Burns, will he " haud his team " at the end of the furrow up to more friendly borders than he has here in bis English and Scotch neighbors. But there were more than priests and parsons in Bacchus Marsh, so they must widen their view to take in the district as a whole. Financial experts deemed it one of the soundest districts in the colony, The general experience was that no one who ever lived in it wa9 at ease afterwards out of it. And no one could have even a slight acquaintance with it, without feeling that there was something lovable aud superior in its iuhabitauts, apparently indigenous to the soil. These were not mere compliments got np for this occasion, but were indelibly impressed upon him as one result of his five years residence with them. He traced this material and social standard to three causes chiefly—first, their unrivalled soil and climate ; second, their looal paper ; and third, the raoy spirit of tho people. If it was not a laud flowing with milk and honey, it did with lucerne and orcam. He had often longed for an opportunity of saying what they owed to their local paper. A papor is like a preaohcr —it enn spoak to everyone, and of everyone, but never with taste or effeot of itself. He had always read the Express with interest, and it seemed to him to surpass most local papers in two reppeots at least—its unsectariau spirit and its attention to local interests. Re doubted if those who knew him best oould tell the preciso religious leanings of ite editor ; and it was one of his regrets in leaving them that he had not seoured his acquaintance. The Express did not meddle much with international oolitici, but devoted itseif to the improvement of railway facilities, the embellubmeut of Maddingley Park, tho renovation of the Mechanios' Institute, or advanoing the agricultural show, with a steady supervision of municipal affairs. The vietvs advanood iu tho Express may not always be the best; he often thought them decidedly mistaken, but that did not matter at all. What did matter was to have their own affairs kept before their minds. They attended only to what they saw and felt ; thev saw and felt nst all that they looked at, but only what was forced on their attention ; hence he deliberately thought that mucii of the success of all their movements, and a good deal of their future progress, rested within the walls of the Express office. The third great source of what they were and are, caused his heart to expand with the pride of race. This was the superior class of colonists who settled here in the beginniug. The old people would remember many he would refer to, bnt the young and the strangers who wished to know all about the early coaohiog days, of the glories of the Woolpack, aud the excitement of the Ballarat riots, must repair to Mr Tom Bowe's fireside—the grand old man of Bacchus Marsh, from whom many of his pleasanter experiences had been derived. They should go there early and often, and learn all about the old families. The old flame flickers as it nears the century, and you will hear there of the honored dead—the Leahy's, Egan's, Young's, Ryan's, Vallance's, Anderson's, Simpson's, Shea's, Cain's, Crook's, M'Farlane's, O'Connell's, Grant's, Pearce's, Connell's, M'Leod's, James's, and many others. Foolish, after a fashion, many of them may have been, leaving the earth little tangible legacy of their lives, but they created a good spirit in this lovely valley, and he could give them no better advice than to cherish the remembrance of these pioneers. May their memories never die among the fields they fenced and tilled. He was not fond of ghosts, but he would risk an encounter with one to grasp a haud of a departed friend or see the glance of an eye that had closed in death. " Men talk of nnkind hearts kiod deeds with coldness still returning ; Alas ! The gratitude of men has often left me mourning." In the end of all he would give them a puzzle. It was that he had never been as happy among&t; them as he hoped to be away from them. The explanation of this was to be fonud in the unalterable conditions on which human happiness depends. You can never see any large thiug nntil you stand a little out from it. " 'Tie distance lends enchantment to the view." Moure's account of the legendaiy origiu of Lough Neagh, re lated how the water overflowed from the 1 fountain till the city in the valley was sub 1, and— " As on Longh Neagh'a banks the fisherman strays Wheu th'.' clear cold eye is declining. He sees the rouud towers of other days In the wave beneath him shining." Thus he wonld look back upon the remem brance of his life in the Bacchus Marsh valley. Ruskin, in his renowned utterances, upon peace of mind, and tbe conditions on which it may be gained, eloquently applied the tender Greek tale of the Halcyon s nest safe on the surface of the waters, though built upon sea foam. None of as, he said, knew nhat fairy palaces we might build for ourselves, proof against adversity, which care could not disturb," pain make gloomy, nor poverty take away from us—nests upon the sea of life safe above all others, only they need much art in the building,, and are honses built without hands for our souls to live in. The moral of this evening's proceedings for ns all is that we should so order our few fleeting hours of life while they are under our control that in future times tUey may flower into a past on which we can look at least without risking (like Lot's wife), to become pillars either of salt or of ehame. If he was at liberty to argue from the united evidences of this evening, he bad, during his residence amongst them, thongh quite unconscious of his work, built castles, not in the air, but on the earth—or, rather, partly iu the air aud partly on the earth. The accumulated waters of life contained in a continuous stream of five years time had since flowed over them. They shone that night beneath, and would sbiue with growing splendour—a joy for ever, as he strayed on the banks of life when the clear cold evening of life was declining. From the nnited evidences of that evening, too, he fondly fancied that at least on the surface of the affections of this great people, and in the white foam of youth, he had built a nest proof against adversity for his weary heart to rest in against declining years, troublons times, and likely hearts less kind than their kind hearts. Iu conclusion, from his heart he thanked them all, whether present or absent, for all the past. His powers of expression were miserable compared with the depths of his gratitude to the members of the committee, to Messrs O'Hagan, M'Grath. Piggott, and all their kind and generous co-operators in initiating and carrying to a conclusion the movement on his humble account terminating so grandly that night. No distinction of creed or of country had, be was indescribably pleased to be aware, been so far obserred in it, neither should there be distinction in his present grateful references, nor in his future grateful unending remembrances. Lastly, with whatever sincerity of feeling and expression he could muster, be thanked all preseut who, in spite of distance, darkness, or personal inconvenience, were there that night to honor the occasion with their presence. He could not sit down without an expression of gratitude to a few families to whom the necessities of his missionary work made him frequently burdensome. These were the Royal Hotel and Mr Coburn, at Melton ; Messrs Haydeu, O'Callaghau, M'Carthy, aud Taylor, at Blackwood ; Mr Denis Ryau, of Mt. Blackwood ; and his faithful, never to be forgotten old friend. Mr John O'Shea, of Greendale. St. Paul found himself under similar obligations to the house of Ouesepherous. _ His gratitude to the families named would take the form of St. Paul's prayer for his staunch and hospitable friend—" The Lord give mercy to the house of Onesepherous because he hath often refreshed me, and hath not been ashamed of my chain." The sum of all, and his last fond, final, and universal farewell, that they might long remember it, he would leave with them in thiB rude rhyme— Friends of years, remember when I'm gone, In days of joj, or nights of darkest grief, This heart goes with you, one by ono, From Digger's Rest to Barry's Reef. (Great applause). 