.SIEOTM In a Monster's Jaws. — — +»»» »- - Stirring Adventures with Lions in tho Hottentot Country. Tlio Woutlorful Strength of tho King of Boasts— Sensations of a Man Who Was Carried Half a Mile Between tho Tooth Ufa Hugo Brute While trapping lions in the Hottentot . country for thu Unniburg animal house I had opportunities for seeing the king of heasls at his hc-sl and for (nuking close ob servations of his traits of character, writes n correspondent. We were onee camped in a grovQ on the hank of a creek, our party numbering over Unity people. The Imnkon thu other side was rocky ground, pretty thickly covered with scrub, nud s;ght oil the ' brink stood one of Ltie lurgcst lions L ever saw. Itc was out in full view, head and tail lip, and stood ho stilt for a moment that T doubted if hu was alivu. We hud n new milch cow tied to lite wheel of outi of the waggons, and the lion advanced to within thirty feet of her and then made a spring wtiich landed him fairly upon her hack. Shu fell in a heap, and lie seized tier by tho neck, gave tier two or three shaken, . which broke the grass rope nrmc.d her head, ami then tie got his right shoulder tinder her nml started oil. The cow weighed at least five hundred pounds, hut lie eari icd her with perfect ease, tier hind. feet dragging on tho ground. At the creek he inndu n jtinip of ' eleven feet, ascended a slopiug bank without -' a halt, ami soon disappeared in the broken - ground with his prey. He was gone before we liml a gun ready. , ' About four months Inter, on tho Orange llivcr. 1 had a elose call for my life, with no one at hand to aid me by distracting the at tention of the lion. I had only one white man with ine, and he was ill of fever. Wq had dug a pit on a path freipteiitcd by Hons coming down to drink, hut were much annoyed by other nuimnls falling into it. ' On the first night, after the natives had - driven several useless animals away, a large lion and lioness came down the path. When first discovered the lion was ahead, but hoi got the scent, of my men, who were stationed in a «rce, am! stopped short to growl and: snilF, while the liuness, who was perhaps very thirsty, advanced Blowly and went down into the pit. The pit wns two miles from our camp, and we lienrd nothing of the row which took' place when the lion discovered thu trick- played u»j his mate. lie tore around! like uind, and then lay down at the footi of the treOaud besieged the men. As sooii us it wns daylight 1 left camp on horseback) to ride over and seo what luck. L rodo! straight for the place, nud when within forty! rods cullc'l to lliu men. They answered at) once, and though I could not make out what they said I knew they were excited over; something. I was riding around a clump oij trees on to an open space, when iuy horsei tiiddeuly started. Next instant I wns on the ground ami the lion standing over me, and I could hear the horse tearing away through thu scrub like mad. Thu lion had pulled mo down, tearing the back out of my coat, vest, and shirt, but not diawing blood with his claws, As in the previous case, I was not fright ened, becauso it had occurred so suddenly that I had nut time to lose my nerve. 1 was' on my left side, bareheaded, ami the lion! stood for a moment with his paw on my right shoulder looking after the horse. The unlives saw tho fleeing horse, knew veryi well what lmd happened to me, and at oneq descended the tree and made for cntnp "5. did uot blame them, and perhaps that very, action saved my life. I lmd time to collect my thoughts in that single miuufcu, nud, rbI had ruuled one lion by barking like a dog, I decided to follow the same plau in this case. uui, us i sniu at me uegtnmug, lions are naf unlike as men. At my llrsl bark this fellow, growled savagely anil gave me a terrible bite in thu hip. tiud I ca icd out at that or made any strugg.c r.e wccJii have finished mo rfc unue. 1 repressed my fuelings and played dead. I had a revolvcrstrnpped to my back,' but it would not do to reauli for it. After biting me the lion watched aud waited tor signs of life, and when he could deled uono he seized my right shoulder m his teeth, gave mu a sbaku and twist, and next moment I \vjib being curried otr an his back.' Hid teelh did JWt touch iuy Ileal), and as I lay nliuosl across him on my side my hriutf atrqek the butt of the revolver. I had ifc out of the holsiur in a second, and then J fell I had a show. Whether thu beast felfc any movement or not ho growled at Uu iervals, and his breath came back on mu W strong that! was nauseated. 1 intended to lire into Idm as ho carried me along, but he was swaying about so thall dared uot risk! it. After enrryiug mo haU a.nule through the scrub ami ovof Urokeugrouiui thu lion halted-' at tho head of the ravine, in which he doubtless had his lair. He turned about as If to see if pursuit had been made, and thq muzzle of tho pistol enrno against Ins left hip. I llrcd at oiygo, and thu next iustauV wns (lung In a heap uu the earth, wbilo lha lion uttered n scream of pain. I was on my knees in a (lash, hut the beast, was ten fcot nwny, golug round in circles and biting at tho wound, lie did uot notico mo in thq least, mid 1 sent niioLhcr imllet is hiin just hack of the shoulder, lfo uttered nuothei screum, and instead a f rushing at me, ns X fully expucted, taado a leap iuto the vaviuoj and \ could bear him t unning for soma dls lance.. I wns bndly shaken up, but J lost, no time in gel ting uui of the neighborhood, and in tho course nt au hour reached camp; Nearly everybody was out looking for inc. Bee uqw how iucunsisleutly that lion notcA He came out into tho open ground and charged ihu party of over tweuty men, nb| though they lmd not disturbed him; Ho lint! rim from mo in his surprise, uml now felt ashamed of himself. Hq knocked over a iiuiivu i,o no eunrguu, uut wns riddled witu bullets, and gnya up the ghost. . I t 