Intercolonial. [By Telegraph.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY. Tuesday. The Kylatone election has resulted in the return of Mr. Fitzpatrick, freetrader (un seated), who polled 659 votes against 608 obtained by Mr. \V. C. Wall, protectionist. In t he Criminal Court to-day George John Hutchinson and John O'Connell, trading as J. O'Connell and Co., merchants and importers, were fouud guilty of conspiracy to defraud a number of tradesmen by ordering goods and neglectiug to pay for them. Hutchinson was sentenced to four years' and O'Connell to three years' hard labor. Wkdnesdat. Seven trucks of chaff were manifested at the Bcdfcrn produce sales this morning. Several lots from Pratley, Bathurst, brought 4s. 10d.; Rowlands, Mandurama, sold for 4s. 6d.; Hardy, Old Junce, 4s. 3d.j M'Kibbon, Brewongle, 4s. 3d.; Mortimer, Raglan, 3s. 6d. Wheat brought up to 3s. Sd. per bushel. A serious deadlock is anticipated between the two Houses next week over the taxation measures, which the Council threatens to amend out of all recognition from their original shape. It is stated in official circlcs that Major* General Hutton is to return to England in Januity next. The Government has not yet taken into consideration the question of appointing a successor, but there is every probability that the command will not be given to any Imperial officer, at all events until after a considerable lapse of time. The annual mectiu# of the New South Wales Rifle Association commences ou Monday. It is expected the prize money will exceed by £1-00 the total disbursed last year. O'Coiinell'tf Commercial Hotel, Harden, was completely destroyed by tiro this morn ing. An old mau named Crowe, who slept in the bar parlor, would assuredly have been burnt to death, but the licensee with great presence of mind rushed through the flames and rcscued him. The candidates for the Phillip Division are all confident of victory. The general opiuion is that Mr. Wilson, the Labor nominee, does not staud the ghost of a show, but the contest is expected to be close between Dr. Hodgson and Mr. Cope* land, with slight odds iu favor of the latter. 