wmm jews. ? v Party Leaderships. Foreign Affairs. ©Fer-eaten Society. ^ fiTBOM Oub Own CosBESPGNDEtfr.) London, August 30. All 'respectable people' lift their hands and eyebrows over the cynical observation of Talleyrand, that 'language was given us as a means of concealing our thoughts.' Tet that statement was strictly true of such men as the old turn coat came in contact with, namely, diplo matists and politicians. We need not in quire whether tradesmen never illustrate it in their puffs and bargaining; whether every man, in aavocanng me own interests, reveals the matters telling against hie views; whether even the purs and innocent maiden 'will not fib like an attache ' when questioned on the state of her affections. The fact' remains that a statesman who tells the whole truth has mistaken, bis vocation. The latest proof of this is the obloquy heaped upon poor Lord Bosebery for ad mitting that 'until England, 'the pre dominant partner' in the union, should ' be convinced of the necessity for Home JRule, it was idle to expect that Home Bole would be established. This is an obvious truth. So if Jones takes his son into partnership, and young hopeful presently, proposes to put the whole property of the firm on a horse, or a card, Jones exercises his latent reserve of author ity to veto such a proceeding. On the same principle, if the women of a State were granted. the fran» chise, and carry -revolutionary proposals with a majority, such as for putting: incor rigible bachelors in the pillory, abolishing the use of tobacco, or the like, the male minority would soeedily prove itself the 'dominant partner' and rebel against petticoat government. Tet it is whispered that many good Liberals, who go to church and shudder at the name of Talleyrand, wish to depose Lord Eosebery for saying what he thought. THE SUCCESSION. Now, if they have their way, who is to succeed him ? Sir Charles Dilke, even if otherwise qualified, is utterly 'des titute of that magnetic force which draws sensitive souls into tbe orbit of a~ born leader. fie. has no imagination, no fire, no pathos; a burst of cheers would astonish him as much as it would a professor of mathematics lec turing on the Binomial Theorem. Mr. John JUorley lacks adaptability, On some subjects he is supremely eloquent. Hut he is too austere, too die-nified. too logical to condescend to the trifles, and submit to the inevitable pettinesses of a political leader's career. The author of 'Com- promise ' is too uncompromising ; he has not learnt his own lesson to his generation. There remains Sir William Harcourt, who has just perpetrated the most fatal and inexcus able blunder that has bees witnessed in political tactics for a generation. He still advocates Local Veto; and, no doubt, if he lived in Australia he would advocate the extermination of rabbits by laying waste a few private farms ; by burning every tree, shrub, bush aud blade of grass upon those farms, without compensation to their owners, and without reflecting that the obnoxious bunnies would find plenty of food outside tbe devastated areas. No; Lord Eosebery has not a dangerous rival; and some day his candor will be held to go far to justify Mr. Gladstone's choice of him as Liberal leader. The depo sition of a political leader is, morever, utterly repugnant to British feeling. THE CONSEEVA.TIVE CHIEFS. In England a party takes its leader as a woman takes her husband, ' for better, for worae, till death us do part.' Here arises a problem. We are a people of pre cedents, and are as shocked when more than two parties exist (one in office, one in Opposition) as we should be to see two bowlers attacking one batsman in a cricket match. In obedience to this in stinct, the Tories and Liberal Unionists have fused themselves into one body, which Lord Salisbury leads. While he lives and chooses to 'act, his pre- eminence will be undisputed. But it is whispered that he would like to retire for good to his beloved laboratory. He is by nature what they call at the University a 'stinks man,' not a statesman., It would bef airly eafe to guess that he is simply holding on until the country is familiar and satisfied with the idea of seeing his nephew succeed him — also for life. Only one man could object to this 'family settlement' of supreme power, but that man is called Joseph Chamberlain. Since his breach with the Liberals became plainly irre parably that astute personage has been executing a curve, with a view to come at list into line with Tory principles just as one of a band of fugitive offenders in Texas will sometimes ' slope around ' into the 'posse comitatns,' and lead the hue and cry . after his former colleagues. Of course the Ministerialists would not now accept him as Premier for a moment. But time may add to his chances. THE IBISH CHIEFS. Mr. Healey will surely succeed to the power wielded by Q'Conneli, and then by Parnell, which, since the death of the ' uncrowned king,' has been' in commis sion. For acuteness, readiness, masterful ness, knowledge of his facts, force of will and of character, debating skill, and sheer brain power, nobody in. the Irish ranks, and only two or three in the House, can compare with him. He made a fine speech last Tuesday night, and Mr. Dillon, loot ing as woebegone as the jackdaw of Rheims under thecurse, a feeble one, 'the ghost of a caw.' The most noteworthy statement of the latter was that Ireland always got more out of a Tpry than out of a Liberal Government. / THE SULTAN. The British Ambassador has been let ting fall warnings, not unlike threats, at ¥ildiz Kiosk; and Abdul Hamid has appealed to France and Itussia against Sir Philip Carrie's tone, as highly ' inconvenante.' Gaul and MuscoYite have heartlessly refused to interfere, and the hard-fisted Britoa refuses to wait. One is reminded of the contractor who com plained to Wellington that Ficton had threatened to hang him if he did not find ?grain enough by. a given day. ' Did Picton say that ?' ' He did, indeed, my lord.' 'Then you had better find the grain. I know Picton well, and if he says he will do a thing, he does it.' The Turk -feels genuine surprise, and cries, with Legree, 'What a fuss about a dead nigger!' , THE STOKES INCIDENT. A Belgian officer in the service of the Congo State has hanged an Irish trader named Stokes, ostensibly for supplying arms to natives. 'Charlie Stokes 'was well known and respected on 'the West African coast, and this atrocious outrage has kindled the deepest indignation. The Foreign Office has demanded explanations at Brussels; but the Belgian Ministers protest that they are ' not responsible ' for deeds done on the Congo. King Leopold, however, is sovereis^ of the Congo State and as such is morally le sponsible for the acts, of the state's officials. The British nation wants to know why Stokes was put to death just as he vas on the point of coming home to join his lit le motherless daughter; and it is not to Le put off- by Ihitubleriggi -Jg- . Gm -t Euro peon Powers, grossly offronted by tfcis bankrupt association, ara coolly invited to ' join in a game of 'Janut the s.ipper,' t* ascertain who is responsible, - We look to Brussels for an/ answer, and a speedy one, or it may end in the prompt snppres sion of this 'Congo State' by British troops as a nest of cut-throats and bri gands. - dieting, - The latest medical development is the diet cure. The last generation drank too much; this eats too much. The late Sir Andrew Chirk effected some wonderful cures by writing for each patient & menu Instead of a prescription. Sir H. Thompson has preached on the folly of indulging a schoolboy appetite in declining years, showing that the amount of food required ia strictly proportioned to activity. How, every ambitious physician publishes his views on dietetics; all variations of Abernethy's text, 'Live on sixpence a day, and earn it,' hut each (careful not to go too far) making allowance for human - weakness. Thus, one says, ' If you mnst drink wine, take only such a brand, sold by So-and-so ;' and another give3 quite a loDg list of choice vintages for the invalid, ? with vendor's name and address.. All this ' anxiety to keep potential patients well reminds one of Fielding's surgeon, who, 'regardless of his own interest,' interfered to prevent fisticuffs. It is touching, it is noble, and one may safely reject with indignation the story in the ' Westminster Gazette' that a doctor who recommended a certain cuvee was dis covered .at the win© merchant's, settling the amount due for commission. Even the Prince is dieted. When he goes to a public dinner he is attended by two foot men in scarlet livery, each bearing a bottle of special champagne under his arm. His Boyal Highness is content with the first glass from each. We have no colossal drinker like Thor, or say Bismarck, who in his youth emptied a quart bottle of cham pagne for a bet, and demandel another, which King Frederick William wisely re fused to let him have. To make an end: Here are two vexed questions for the Aus tralian doctors, ?which the British Faculty cannot resolve for onr wealthy sufferers — 1\. Should red me it be the chief article of food for the gouty ? 2. What is the difference, if any, between the causes of gout and the causes of rheumatism ? 