^TWENTY WORKS BY TWENTY AUTHORS. IJd. 7.— The Disappearance of Martin Fenwick. BT DICK DONOVAN, Author of 'In the Grip of the Law,' '' 'Tracked to Doom,' &c.; A COMPLETE STORY* {Published by Special Arrangement -with the Author. All lights reserved.] The belle of the London season of IS — was beyond all doubt Mrs. Gwendoline Fenwick, a young and singularly handsome lady, whose age was a little more than a quarter of a century. Her position was a somewhat extra ordinary one, as it was not quite certain whether or not she was a wife or a widow. For a con siderable time there had appeared in all the London dailies, as well as some of the country -ones, and also in many foreign papers, the following advertisement : — £500 REWARD.— This reward will be paid to any one who can furnish mfonnataon of the present whereabouts of Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwick, if living, or if dead to anyone who can produce undeniable proof of his death. The following: is a description of the said Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwick :— Age about sixty two or three, sallow complexion, small blue eyes, scant grey hair and beard ; height, five feet six ; walks with a etooi) ; very gentlemanly in appearance; small hands aud feet ; dresses with great taste and neatness ; has a large and prominent scar on the left- side of the neck and shoulder, the result of a sword cut ; manner very reserved, with a. preoccupied air. Is addicted to the use of opium. — Address Henson, Borthwick, and Nethersol, solicitors, 10, King's Bench Walk, Temple, London. The Martin Fenwick here advertised for was the husband of Gwendoline Fenwiek. He had most mysteriously disappeared about a year before, and in spite of extensive advertising and the offer of five hundred pounds reward not a trace of him had been obtained. After a year's seclusion his wife or widow reappeared in society. She had previously been well known in London as the handsome girl-wife of 'Old Fenwick' and f6r long had been a centre of attraction. Her husband, who had formerly held a commission in the army and had distinguished himself as a soldier, being severely wounded in the neck while -on active service in China, was known to be a very wealthy man. He had been married twice be fore, but had had no issue. His third marriage caused much astonish ment. No one knew anything at all about the lady, but the fact that Bhe was his wife was a passport for her into the very best ranks of society, for Fenwick was wealthy and he en joyed the intimate acquaintance of some very high people in the land. Therefore the snobs and mammon worshippers were ready to pros trate themselves at the feet of his radiantly beautiful bride ; and though no doubt con siderable curiosity was expressed to know whence she came and who she was this curiosity was not allowed to intrude itself un pleasantly. Gwendoline Fenwick was beautiful, she was young, she was rich, her husband had made her so, for it was rumored that he settled a very handsome fortune on her. She gave grand receptions and parties, and though there was a unanimity of opinion that her education was not as perfect as it might be, she was voted clever, with a natural wit, and a power of fence which gave her a tremendous advan tage. And so while women — after their kind — smiled and fawned upon her, they said bitter, scathing things behind her back. But men, young and old, paid her the homage they might have paid to a demi- goddess. When two years had gone society was chocked, or pretended to be shocked, by the sudden and mysterious disappearance of the husband. For some time it had been rumored that the young wife and the aged husband did not live in perfect concord and peace. It was said that he was jealous of her and that she avoided him as much as possible ; and it was further said that he had acquired the taste for opium. In the autumn of that same year Mr. and Mrs. Fenwick went abroad and travelled through Spain. One day Martin Fenwick went out alone, saying lie was going for a stroll and would not be - long ; but he never came back again. He disappeared as effectually as if the earth had opened and swallowed him, and every effort since then to trace him had failed. At the time of his disappearance they were staying at a place called Andorra, in the province of Andorra, in the north of Spain, and at the foot of the Pyrenees. The lady returned home ' disconsolate and broken-hearted,' and for twelve months she virtually shut herself up. At first the sup position was that Fenwick had wandered into the mountains and been murdered, but no proof of this was forthcoming. His strange disappearance, as may be supposed, caused a sensation for a time. So far as known there ?was not the slightest reason why he should have voluntarily absented himself, and so it was generally supposed that he had fallen amongst brigands and been murdered for the sake of the property he carried about with him. Acting on this supposition the Spanish authorities made, or pretended to make enquiries, but they resulted in nothing. That is, no trace was found to justify the belief iu foul play. And yet it was most difficult to understand how in the face of the reward of £500 Air. Fenwick had never been found, for he was a distinguished -looking man, and the wide publicity given to the affair would surely have led to his being recognised by some one sooner or later. But more than a year had gone by and not a sign had appeared that he lived. And so, after her long seclusion, the very handsome and wealthy young widow once more took her place in society, looking if possible handsomer and more radiant than ever. The so-called society papers made much of the little inci dent. She was spoken of in terms of the most flattering adulation ; and she wiis the subject of a good deal of commiseratory writing owing to her 'unhappy position,' as it was termed. Blessed with wealth, beauty, and youth she had to endure enforced widowhood. For while it appeared to be morally certain that her husband was dead no scrap of legal evidence could be produced to establish it. Nevertheless one of tbe society paragraphists ventured to assert with the audacity and inipudenca peculiar to 'society journalism' that there was reason to suppose Mrs. Fenwick contemplated entering again into the state of matrimony in spite of the risk she would run by so doing in the event of its being proved that the first husband was still alive. TJiis penny-a-liner went further aud said that the favored man was one of the gilded youths upon whom fortune had smiled. His name was not mentioned, but he was described as being singularly handsome, wealthy, and the prospective heir to a baronetcy. Of course this twaddle was in keeping with the backstairs gossip upon which journals of that class live ; nevertheless having regard to the ladjrs position and the romance and mys tery associated with her life, it was quoted far and wide and was not contradicted by the lady, her friends, or her legal adviser. Some few weeks later there called upon me one morning a lady who was no longer young. She introduced herself as 'Mrs. Henrietta Morrison,' and gave me to understand that she was a widow ; her husband, General Morrison, having been dead some years. 'My object in coming to you is a somewhat strange one,' she began, ' and I confess I feel in a delicate position. But I may at once tell you that I am the sister of Mr. Martin Fen wick, whose mysterious disappearance caused such a sensation little more than a year ago. Perhaps I shall seem to you very foolish and perhaps you will smile when I tell you that twice I have dreamed in the most vivid way that my dear brother is dead and that he was brutally murdered. But putting aside ths dream I feel absolutely certain that he cannot be in the land of the living or he would have communicated with me. We were the only children of our parents and all our lives have been most devotedly attached to each other. He was one of the most diligent of correspondents ; and he made '.. me his confidante in most of his affairs. You \ are aware, of course, that for a long time, by means of public advertisements, a reward of £^00 has been offered for any information about him.' ' I am,' I auswered. ?' And possibly you have seen an announce ment lately that Mrs. Fenwick actually con templates marrying again ?' 'Yes, I have seen that announcement, too ; but probably it is merely vulgar gossip which some penny-a-liner has seized upon, or the in vention or a scribe hard up tor copy. But surely, madam, you ought to be in a position to know whether it ib true or not, for you are the sister-in-law of the lady whose name is so much before the public' ' I ought to be, but I am not,' she answered a little haughtily. ' I have never been friendlv with Mrs. Fenwick. * When my brother first introduced her to mo I did not like her and 1 strongly advised him against the marriage. 1 pointed out that a man of his years could not expect to have happiness if he allied himself to a young and frivolous woman, ?who was almost young enough to be his grandchild. But, of course, he would not listen to me. Men are so pigheaded in matters of that kind and Martin was fascinated by his syren. Of course he married her and of course his life was made miserable. ' I do not wish to say anything unduly harsh against Mrs. Fenwick, but I am convinced that Bhe never bore her husband the slightest love. She married him for -his money and his posi tion, and as was to be expected she soon grew tired of her ancient husband. At any rate I know he was very miserable, for he was ex ceedingly jealous of her, and that was a canker to , his life. He frequently remonstated with |jct for Triiat he considered her light conduct, and I know that before they started on the last Continental tour they had a serious quarrel ; but he assured me on the eve of their departure that it had all been made up, and that in future Gwendoline would be devoted to him. I was delighted to hear it. though I was afraid it was too good to be true. 'In the letters that he wrote to me from abroad he expressed himself as being very happy and be spoke most affectionately of his wife. Then his letters suddenly ceased, due to his disappearance, and since that day not a trace of him has been discovered. Now, sir, I know my brother too well to suppose for a moment that he would voluntarily hold himself aloof from all those who loved and respected him. Except the disagree ments between himself and wife, there was no thing in his worldly circumstances to cause him the slightest anxiety. Why therefore should he have taken himself off ? Why ahould he have remained away for upwards of a year and have sent me, his loving sister, no sign that he is in the land of the living. The whole circumstance is so mysterious that I am determined now it shall be sifted to the bottom. 'If Gwendoline Fenwick is responsible in any way of her husband's death she shall pay the penalty of her wickedness. And I want you to take the matter up and do what you can to unravel the mystery.' ' Have you any reason to 6eriqusly suspect Mrs. Fenwick of being responsible for her husband's disappearance?' I asked. 'I don't like to make any rash assertions or jump to hasty conclusions,' the lady answered, ' and God forbid that I should do anyone an injustice. But I do conscientiously believe that my sister-in-law is a hollow-hearted and worldly woman. I will say no more than that at present.' * What was her position before your brother married her?' I enquired. . 'I really do not know. My brother was always very reticent on that point ; but I have reason to believe that he first met her in Wales. He was down there fishiug and was staying with some friends near Llanberis. He had not known her very long when he married her. Of her past history I absolutely know nothing.' ' Then I understand that you wish me to try and discover your brother if he is living, and if he is dead get proof of how he died ?' ' Yes, that is what I wish you to do,' was the answer. 'But I am convinced he is not living. Even if I was not influenced by the dream which I have dreamt twice I should , still find it most difficult to believe he is alive, j seeing that he has allowed a year and more to elap.se without seeking to allay my anxiety.' '* I have heard it said and I would ask you if there is any truth in the rumor — I have heard it said that your brother was addicted to the use of opium ?' ' I don't believe it,:! answered Mrs. Morri son, with a strong display of indignation. 'I believe it to be an absolute, downright false hood. At any rate, I never saw anything in my brother's conduct which would justify me iu thinking that it was ever possible ho would indulge in such a pernicious habit.' As I saw that she felt very strongly on this point I did not question her further, for after all it had no very great bearing on the point at issue. And as I had become very interested in the case I promised her I would accept her eommission and exert myself to get at the truth. At this time Mrs. Fenwick was occupying a mansion in South Kensington and living in grand style. She kept quite a retinue of ser vants, and having emerged from her seclusion I leamt that she was holding receptions and giving 'at homes' which were said to be almost princely in their lavish hospitality. I felt it desirable from many points of view that I should know something of the lady's history before she was married, so I obtained from Mrs. Morrison the address of the people with whom her brother was staying at Llanberis when he first met Ins wife. They were a Man chester family and only occupied their house in Wales during a portion of the summer. I was enabled to discover them, however, and I learnt ultimately that Mrs. Fenwick was a Miss Wilson and she occupied the position at the time Fenwick met her of companion or attendant to two young ladies, sisters and both invalids. They were staying at Llan beris for their health and had gone there from Gloucester, where they resided. By dint of following up some slender cues, I found out this Gloucester family. One of, the young ladies was dead, the other informed me that Miss Wilson had been recommended to her mother by Lady Templestowe. So to Lady Templestowe I went. She was a philanthro pist and kept a home for respectably -connected orphan girls near Birmingham. It appeared that Miss Wilson was the daughter of an artist who died when she was a baby. Before she was twelve she lost her mother, and being without anv means of sup port the case was brought under Lady Temple stowe's notice. She interested herself in tbe girl and took her iuto the home, where she had frequently been heai-d to say it was the dream of her life to be rich. She was eight years with Lady Teinplestowe, aud during that time if her conduct was not perfect there were no grounds for any serious complaint against her. She was considered to be vain and ambitious beyond her station, and to be lacking some what in sincerity. With this groundwork to go upon it was easy to build up a thrilling little romance of real life. Miss Gwendoline Wilson v.-as an un usually pretty girl. The old soldier saw her and was smitten with her charms. Unde terred by the inadvisability of May and December mating he inarriedher. She saw in this marriage the means of realising, to some extent at any rate, her longings and aspira tions. And from relative poverty she was suddenly raised to a position of affluence. It was not difficult to imagine that very soon she found the society of her aged husband pall somewhat. An old man may worship a young woman, but it is not often the young woman worships the old man when the bond of matri mony links them together, and our human story is full of records of pathetic misery that has arisen from youth and age joining 'them- selves together iu wedlock. In Fenwick's case there were dissensions and disagreements and the happiness of husband and wife was clouded. Tlie lady being in the hey-dey of her youth wanted liberty ; the man objected. In this possibly was to be found the key to the husband's unaccountable disappearance. Having leamt so much of each of the persons concerned I felt sure that Martin Fenwick was no longer in the land of tbe living. Why did I think so ? may be asked. It is not always good to give reasons for one's opinions, but 'in this instance I may say my reasons were based upon the logical aspect of the affair. There was no reason which oue jould think of or devise which would seem an intelligible one to account for Jlartin Fenwick deserting his wife and keeping out of the way of everybody who had known him. If he had fallen ill anywhere, if he had met with an accident, if he had suddenly been seized with insanity aud was detained in some asylum, information would surely have been forthcoming during the year that had elapsed. It was impossible to think of him as living unless lie- had voluntarily hidden himself and there was not a ghost of a_ reason why he should have done that. Besides, if such had been the case, he must have had means to live upon. And I ascertained that his banking account, which was very large, had not been drawn upon since he left for the Continent. No ; Martin Fen wick was dead. I felt as sure of that as I felt sure of anytliing. And what I had to deter mine was : — First — When did he die ? Second — Where did he meet with his end ? Third — Was his death the result of natural causes or foul play? Fourth — What had become of his body ? These were problems I set myself to work out and though a considerable time had elapsed since Martin Fenwick's disappearance I was sanguine enough to believe that I should succeed ultimately in clearing away the mystery. Before starting on my mission I waited on Mr. Fenwick's lawyers. They informed me that he had provided very handsomely for his wife when he first married her and that by his will he left the greater part of his fortune to her. But in the absence of any proof of liis death the estate could not be ad ministered. In reply to my question asking them for their opinions about Mr. Fenwick's disappearance they said they could not avoid coming to the conclusion that he was dead, for on no other hypothesis could they account for his silence. They had done business for him for a great many years and he had always shown himself to be most precise and punctilious and methodical in his business matters. 'Was he a man of weak intellect at all ?' I asked. 'Oh dear, no, unless the fact of his marry ing a voung girl was a sign of weakness of in tellect.' 'Did it ever occur to you in your relations with him that he might suddenly go out of his mind and do something desperate?' 'No. such an idea never occurred to us. We looked upon him as a man of strong intellect and unexcitaLle temperament. He regarded life and all its relations from a philosophical standpoint.' 'I understand that he had frequent dis agreements with mVwife.' 'Possibly he had. We don't know. But we will go this far — speaking from our know ledge of him — that any disagreements that arose she must have been the sole cause of them. He was an exceedingly good-natured man with a big heart and a forgiving dis position.' 'One more question,' I said, 'and I have done. Do you know if there is any truth in the rumor that Mrs. Fenwick contemplates marrying again ?' 'Possibly she would like to do so.; but whether she would run the risk or not is another thing.' ' If she herself had very strong grounds for believing her husband to be dead she would not think of the risk.' 'Well, no, we don't suppose she would.' 'And if it is true that she is thinking of re marrying it would rather tend to support the idea that she had no fear of her first husband reappearing.' To this question, 'which was intentionally suggestive, the lawyers de clined to give a direct reply. They were cautious and did not wish to commit them selves, but it was easy to see that behind their professional reserve they were not indifferent to the drift of my question. As I was anxious to have some personal knowledge of the lady they undertook to write and ask her to call upon them with reference to her husband's affairs. A day was fixed for the interview and it was arranged that I should be present in the character of a clerk. Onthedaynamed shedrove up to the office in a brougham and was duly ushered into the room of Mr. Henson, the head of the firm. I sat apart at a table, apparently deeply absorbed with some writing. I sat with my back to the light and she was placed so that the light fell full upon her. As sue raised her veil I thought I had rarely seen a more beautiful woman and yet the face was without the softness and winsomeness which should go with feminine beauty. The blue eyes were cold and metallic, while the lips were thin and somewhat drawn. As I studied that face and listened to the way she talked I came to the conclusion that though she was beautiful physically she was morally a devil. She had a haughty, disdainful, ironical way of Bpeak ing that suggested the self-reliant, strong willed, and worldly nature. By prearrange ment with myself, Mr. Henson referred to the rumors about her marriage. 'I venture to hope, Mrs. Fenwick,' he said, 'that there is no truth in the gossip about the probabilities of your marrying again ?' 'I am not responsible for the gossip of busybodies,' she answered with a sneer. ' My affairs are my own.' 'Of course,' pursued Mr. Henson, 'it would be rather a serious matter at present if you entered into another alliance in the ab sence of any proof of your husband's death.' ' Oh, I am perfectly aware of that. But I don't think there is much hope of Mr. Fen wick's ever turning up again.' 'Why do you think so?' asked Henson quickly. ' Because I feel convinced in my own mind that he is dead. He was not the man to have remained silent if in the land of the living.' 'Then may I take it for granted, Mrs. Fen wick,' remarked the lawyer, 'that the rumors about your contemplated marriage are false?' The lady straightend her figure a little as she sat on the chair and with a haughty disdain displaying itself on her pretty face she answered — ' Mr. Henson, I decline to enter on any discussion about a matter which affects mj'self alone. As I have already said, I cannot be held responsible for the gossip that people who scribble for the society papers pick up in the kitchen.' In this caustic remark, and the manner of giving utterance to it, she displayed a good deal of character and snowed that she had con siderable strength of mmd and self-wilL 'As you say,' replied Mr. Henson, a little drylv, 'the matter is one which aifects your self 'alone. If you choose to commit what would at the present juncture of affairs be technically construed as bigamy the conse quences would be on your own head, and you could not lay the blame at anyone's door.' The lady looked annoyed. Her cold blue eyes flashed up with an angry light and her pretty face was disfigured by a scornful, cynical, sneering expression as she said — ' And supposing 1 did commit what you are pleased to term technical bigamy. You would have to prove beyond all doubt that my first husband is living before any legal action could be taken. Is that not so ?' 'It is, certainly.' 'Very well then,' she answered with a triumphant decisiveness, as though she was perfectly conscious of being in a safe position ; ' if the erossips should turn out to be true and I commit a bigamous marriage as you call it when the bigamy is proved I will accept the consequences without a murmur.' There was something very defiant in her manner as she said this, as though she was perfectly convinced her position was an abso lutely unassailable one. Mr. Henson did not continue the argument, but discussed certain business matters, and in a little while Mrs. Fenwick drove away. 'What do you think of the lady?' asked Hensou, when she liad gone. 'She is very worldly,' I answered. ' What does that mean ?' ' It means that I think she capable of almost anything.' 'Even murder,' I eehoed. 'Even murder?' whispered the lawyer in terrogatively. Two days later I v.-as on my way to Andorra, which I readied in due course. The St*.te of Andorra is a wild and picturesque district on the southern sideof theCentral Pyrenneei. The little town of Andorra is an ancient town and the capital of the State, which is an indepen dent one, although it is squeezed up, as it were, between France and Spain. Geographi cally it is Spanish, but the Andorrians have for centuries preserved their independence. Wild and magnificent as the country round about is is very rarely visited by the toutist, nor does the place afford any accommodation for visitors. Naturally, therefore, I asked myself why Mr. and Mrs. Fenwick had elected to go there 1 I found quarters at the house of the mayor, where the Femvicks had also stayed, together with Mrs. Fenwick's maid, described to me by the mayor as a young and good-looking Frenchwoman, who was called Josephine. During the first few days of their stay the Feuwicks went about a great deal and Mr. Fenwick was enthusiastic when he talked of the wild and magnificent scenery. A fortnight after their arrival Mrs. Fenwick and Josephine went out together, leaving the husband behind. Two hours Later Fenwick himself went out. By-and-bye the two women returned home and expressed astonishment at tbe husband's absence. They said they expected to have met him and they seemed to get very uneasy when evening came and he was still absent. The night passed and there was no sign of him. In such a wild country nothing could be done in the darkness. When morning came Mrs. Fenwick appeared almost distracted aud she urged that a search should be made for her missing husband. For several days men were out, but no trace of the missing man was discovered. And when all hope seemed to have gone the lady aud the maid left. I asked the mayor what his opinion of the affair was. He shrugged his shoulders and de clined to commit himself to anything definite. He said English people were very eccentric. Mr. and Mrs. Fenwick appeared to be at variance with each other and the mayor did .not think the young wife was as kind to her husband as she ought to have been. The mayor had done his best to get some trace of him, but had failed. Of course he had conSned his enquiries entirely to his own country. But Mr. Fenwick, if he was bent on deserting his wife, might have crossed the frontier and got into France or Spain. Indeed it was the mayors own belief that he had gone to Spain. And some enquiries had been made by the Spanish authorities, but I have already stated nothing had resulted. When the visitors had left him the mayor found in the room they had occupied a few odds and ends and which he did not think of any consequence. There was a bit of paper with some writing on it, but as he did not read English he could not understand it. He kept the things, however, and now produced them for my inspection. He had them in a cigar boxj which he brought forth from an old cabinet. In the box was an odd stud for the shirt front. It had been picked up on the floor. There was a little ivory powder and puff box such as ladies sometimes carry about with them. There was a lace handkerchief and some pieces of frilling, also a small gold stamp for stamping sealing-wax. These things had no significance and were only of trifling value. But there was something that to my mind was deeply significant. On a sheet of notepaper, which bore Mr. Fenwick's crest and motto, was written these lines — 'Dearie, 'We are going out for a strolL As you were sleeping we did not like to wake you. But if you wake before we are back come and meet us. We are going towards the Val d'Urdino. 'Gwendie.' This note, so the mayor said, had been Eicked under the bed in the room occupied y the Femvicks after they had gone. The meaning it had for me was this — Fenwick was asleep, as the note stated. Probably he had drugged himself or been drugged by his wife. The mayor said that the English gentleman used to take something which made him very dull and stupid, and in the cigar-box with the odds and ends was a phial which had evidently contained opimn._ On awakening he found the note which his wife had written, went to the Val d'Urdino, which I was informed by my host was a very lonely and wild region. And having been lured there he was murdered. Keeping this view to myself for the time being I started off to visit the valley. Near the entrance to it is a singu larly wild and romantic gorge, the sides of which consist of broken and precipi tous rocks, with here and there patches of dense forest. It is dark and weird and a tur bulent stream forces its way along through tortuous channels and masses of debris that have fallen from the rocks above. As I stood at the entrance to this ravine it seemed to me strangely suggestive of murder. Now there were two things which were placed beyond dispute. The first was that a note was in exis tence whereby it was clear Mr. Fenwick had been induced by liis wife to go to the valley. Secondly, he never returned. How was it his wife failed to meet him, supposing that she had been desirous of doing so ? Andorra is only a small village and there is but one road by which the entrance to the valley can be reached. The more I studied the matter the more that short note penned by Mrs. Fenwick seemed to me to be pregnant with a terrible meaning. The independent State of Andorra is, roughly speaking, about as large as the Isle of Wight, with a relatively sparse population. On the French and Spanish frontiers are Custom house posts, and it would be almost impos sible for a stranger to cross into either country without its being known. If Fenwick, after awakening from his eleerJ. had had any serious intention of deserting bis wife he would hardlv have left all his belongings be hind him. 'When he went forth from the house he was, according to the mayor's testi mony, clad in ordinary walking costume Could there be any reasonable doubt that the note left for him by his wife had been read by him, and having fallen to the floor it had been kicked inadvertently under the bed ? Found there' when the visitors had gone it had been kept for more than a year in an old cigar-box by the mayor, and was now presented to me as au important factor in the problem I was trying to solve. In such a small place how was it Mrs. Fenwick and her maid had failed to meet Fenwick ? Could there be any answer to this other than that they did not want to meet him. He, in compliance with the request made by his wife, had gone to the gloomy and lonely valley. Did he ever come forth again from it ? I was prepared to stake my existent o on the answer that suggested itself to me. ThaD answer was ' No.' I questioned the mayor very closely as to what he had done in his endeavors to trace the missing man and I inferred from what he told me that whatever had been done had been done .in a very perfunctory way and he did not, or pretended not, to regard the matter at all in a serious light. But I impressed upon him that its seriousness could not be over rated and I asked if he was prepared to make strenuous efforts to arrive at the truth. He assured me that he was, for he said that he saw now the reputation of the little republic was at stake, i may mention here that the Andorrians are steeped to the lips in supersti tion and I endeavored to trade upon this in my efforts to read the riddle and to fall back upon a simple and well-known device. The Val d'UrdinD was inhabited by a few charcoal-burners and woodcutters. Isolated and ignorant, as they were, they were little better than barbarians. I asked the mayor to summon these people to assemble in the Town Hall of Andorra on a certain day. He was then to tell them that thero were grounds for supposing that the Englishman, Fenwick, had been murdered in their valley and that they must know something about it. But in order to put their innocence to the test they would ba required to pass before the mayor and as they did so every man would have to dip his hand in a basin of new milk. If they were all innocent the milk would undergo no change. But if a man, guilty of having shed the Englishman's blood, dipped his hand in the milk it would turn red. To this scheme the mayor was at first strongly opposed. But after a time he yielded to my arguments and having taken counsel with the chief priest it was decided that the ceremony should be carried out with due solemnity. All unaware of what was required of them the inhabitants of the valley duly ap peared in answer to the mayor's summons. A semi-religious and military character was given to the affair by the presence of several priests and half the local force of gendarmes. The inhabitants, including women and children, numbered thirty, eleven of them being men — low- browed, swarthy, beady-eyed looking fellows, dressed in a semi-barbarous but picturesque costume. Attired in his robes of office and seated on his dais the mayor made known to them what was required. At first they expressed strong indignation and ic seemed .is if they were disposed to resent the imputation that the ordeal implied. But the shew of force around awed them into subjection. ' Besides,' exclaimed the mayor? 'if you ure innocent what need you fear. The orde\l is certain. Innocence cannot affect the milk «nd when you have submitted to the test thi% monsieur' (meaning me) 'will de part aad tell his countrymen that we are honest bere and that the lives of strangers are sacred amongst us.' Th* argument told. The chief priest offered up a prayer and blest the milk in the presence of fae assembly. Then the men began to file pas^ slowly and as each man passed the bowl, winch was set on a pedestal in front of the dais, he dipped his hand into the milk. All dla this but two — an old man and his son. ' Wherefore do you hold back, Guicino?' demanded the mayor, sternly addressing the old man, whose parchment-like face wore a dark, fierce scowl. Then Guicino glanced nervously round and stepping forward a pace or two he began to denounce the proceedings in violent language, averring that the_ whole thing was an insult to him and his neighbors and with an oath he vowed that neither he nor his son would submit to it. At a sign from the mayor these two men were seized, amidst the shrieks and screams of the women and a general scene of confusion and uproar. The two men were at once marched off to gaol and the hall was cleared. The prisoners were told that if they sub mitted to the test and the milk did not turn red they would at once be set free. But neither 'father nor son would consent, and they both called down the vengeance of heaven on those who dare to accuse them of shedding the foreigner's blood. _ This, of course, did not deter the authorities from doing their duty, and no time was lost in searching Guicino's house in the Val d'Urdino. The search resulted in finding a pair of gold-rinimcd eye-glasses, three or four gold rings, some gold shirt studs, and a valuable gold chronometer watch, on the inner case of which was an inscription set ting forth that the watch had been 'Pre- sented to Martin Fenwick, Esq., by a number of friends aud well-wishers on the occasion of his marriage with Miss Gwendo line Wilson.' This was a damaging piece of evidence against the Guicinos, but they both preserved a sullen silence at first, though afterwards they swore that they found the watch and other things in the valley. Legal procedure in such cases in Andorra is very different to what it is with us. A pri soner has to 6ubm|t to all sorts of judicial examinations and if he is guilty lie mast be very clever indeed if he fails to incriminate himself. Moreover, anyone who may in the faintest possible degree be suspected of having any Icnowledge ot a crime may be arrested. And in this instance the mayor threatened to put everyone of the inhabitants of the Val d'Urdino into gaol if he failed to state what he knew. This high-handed and arbitrary proceeding had its effect, for some of the neighbors of the prisoners confessed tha^ at the time of the Englishman's disappearance the Guicinos were known to have suddenly become rich and the elder Guicino paid off a mortgage that was on his little property in the valley. So gradually the evidence was accumulated and strengthened against the prisoner until there could not be a reasonable doubt enter tained that they had murdered Fenwick ; and at last when they found that the truth could no longer be concealed they confessed that they had been bribed heavily by Josephine, theFrenchwoman, to kill him. He was luted to the gorge I have referred to and then Guicino aud his son stabbnd him to death and buried his body in a wood at a spot which they indicated. There the authorities dusr and found ths mortal remains of poor Mr. Fenwick. Armed with these facts I returned to Lon don and placed them before Messrs. Henson, Borthwick, and Nethersol, who decided that it would be better not to take any action against Gwendoline Fenwick until the maid Josephine was found. It was not a difficult thing to discover that her surname was Marcet, and my efforts were next directed to finding out what had become of her._ I learnt that ehe had been with Mrs. Fenwick about a year when they went to Spain, and though she^ returned to London with her mistress she only stayed a few weeks and then left, saying she was going to Paris to be married. Every means we could think of were taken to try and capture her, but without result. She managed to elude the sleuthhounds of justice and at last Mrs. Fenwick was arrested on a warrant on a charge of having been acces sory to her husband's murder. She was taken one afternoon at her grand house and so unexpected was it that she was dumb foundered. From the first it was seeu that the case was a peculiar and complicated one, for in the sworn evidence of the Guicinos they only implicated the French maid Josephine Marcet. Of course Josephine was but the creature of her mistress, and there is no doubt she had been very handsomely paid to hold her tongue and keep out of the way. Mrs. Fenwick's devilish artfulness was well illustrated in the way she had managed to keep in the background and make a tool of her servant, and as was feared from the first no case would lie against her. She was there fore discharged from custody. The death of her husband being placed beyond doubt his executors proceeded to administer his estate, and when the wretched ?widow had obtained possession of all she was entitled to and realised her property she disappeared and was heard of no more. I have reason to believe she went to Spanish America, and vsras fol lowed by man with whom she bad had an intrigue. Of the Guicinos, against whom the murder was clearly proved, the son was condemned to a lifelong imprisonment, while the old man was executed in the manner peculiar to the country, perhaps the only country where such a mode of putting a criminal to death is in existence. That is, he was led blindfolded to the edge of a terrible paecipice, and in the presence of a large concourse of spectators was hurled overthe precipice by the public execu tioner. It is much to be regretted that the chief instigator of the abominable crime should have escaped the penalty of her wickedness. But there is a vengeance greater than that of man which pursueth the evildoers, and no doubt the two women found out long ago that happiness for them in this world had fled for ever. Note by the Author.— Murderers in Andorra are still put to death in the way described, but as the little Republic is singularly free from serious crime executions ore rare. 