MY HAUNTED CHAMBER. BY TRANT CHAMBERS (FOR the DAILY NEWS.) Those who from the above heading expect to find a story under it having the slightest reference to any form of "spookism" will be greatly mistaken. I have now only to describe what is really no apartment at all, save in the metaphorical sense — in short, of the " chamber of my heart," to use the words of one of Sir John Suckling's most famous love songs. The fact is I am going to be married. Reclining in my lovely bed to-night, I can hardly realise the momentous fact. Thirty-five years have passed since, at no option of my own, I made my first appearance on that stage, on which friend Shakespeare says: "Each man in his time plays many parts." Now, during the course of an exceptionally chequered career, I have played many parts — most or them small ones, and feel bound to say that I think there are Some considerable arrears of salary due to me. Unlike one of the most famous of Immortal Will's heroes, I hail the walking of the "ghost," and would that the beneficent spook, as known to the theatrical folk, would more often come my way. "But that's—." No, I am not going to quote that wretchedly weak and worn-out phrase of Kipling's. The ipissimea verba, of Shakespeare if you like ; but I will be no party to the perpetuation of a common-place saying of a secondary author, as though it were an immortal gift to the English tongue. What I wanted to tell you— when I was enticed away by the demon of parenthesis which is always lying in wait for the unwary writer — what I was going to tell you was that, although in my very varied life I have had many queer experiences, I have never been married yet. In that respect many then who have never even seen a ballet or kissed more than one girl — the girl, of course — are ahead, some very far ahead, of me. But I shall soon be level with come of them now. Ah ! the thought makes me pause. She is very much younger than I am: is, in truth, not much more than half my age. But she says that ' age makes no difference in love " when I represent to her the incongruity of joining her young life to that of a bald-headed, beamed, battered worldling like me. It is sweet to hear a young girl say, that sentence and to know that she means it. I think I know she means it. When she was a little girl I used to visit at her father's house ; and I took a fancy to the fair-haired little lassie at first sight. But she could not bear the sight of me, because I used to tease her shamefully. She now says it was not so, and that she is tore she must always have " liked me at the bottom of her heart.' But I know better. . What puzzles me is how she has gradually come round, and is so fond of me now. I am equally at at loss to remember how I found out the fateful fact. All I know is that her mother tells me in confidence that lay girl will never marry anyone else, and that her heart will break if I do not marry her. Is it beside the mark here to question if out of novels hearts ever are broken by unrequited love? Other troubles of life — disappointed ambition, the weary struggle against adversity in its many crushing forms, the loss of loved ones — these sometimes have power to wear out all capacity for affection er suddenly to destroy the source of all happiness in a human life. But I am rather sceptical that in real life people are irrevocably stricken into lasting unhappiness simply by disappointed love, This brings me round to the proper subject matter of this lucubration, written an the eve of my marriage. To-night I told my bride-to-be that I would give her the "key of my heart," and, looking up into my face with tears in her bright eyes, but no quiver in her dear young voice, she replied that she was only too glad to have it, and became the occupant of my Haunted Chamber. Perhaps her bright presence will dispel the gloom in the dusty apartment that has been locked-up tenantleans now for do long—perhaps Before finally handling it over to its future mistress, I will indulge my melancholy humour and spend this last night of bachelorhood in that twilight hall of memory where the dust lies thick in the silent gloom. Once—and oh, how long it seems?— it was a place of gaiety and joy, with the sunshine of youth flooding its every comer, and the song of hope ringing to the roof. I can see myself— at the age when "all the world is fair, boy! and every lass a queen" bringing in with rare care the witch, with sunny hair and the most mischievous large dark eyes in the world, a nose certainly not Roman in shape, and a pair of red lips whose pout was irresponsible. I hung the picture up and kiss it with fervor. I now lift this veil. Can this be the same portrait, here dim? Yes, there is still, even in this dim light visible a trace of the brightness that dances and quivered in those eyes in the days that are gone! Not many, many years ago, in Melbourne, I held her wasted form fast in my arms, while she laid in her thin pale face on my breast and sobbed had made her marry, when she was but little, mere than a child, treated her and her children cruelly, that her heart was breaking, and that she has always loved me. No sin in kidding her pale lips then! When I was in the first flush of manhood, I again enclosed the door of what I now call my haunted chamber. When I had lost my first girl-love, I had covered her picture over and locked the apartment up. It was opened to a new tenant now. A lovely form, this of matured beauty. But, alas! the real person belonged to another. All that was mine was her image and portrait, which I reverently placed over against the veiled picture that came here first. Before the new presiding deity I knelt and whispered my adoration in bushed, solemn silence, And there the beautiful portraits reigned serene and still for many a year. I did it homage daily, and toe real persona never knew of it or if she guessed, gave no sign. At last this picture began to fade by very sloe degree. The I veiled it reverently and once more the Chamber was closed. There is no well on this third portrait here. A sweet pale face with calm madonna-like eyes, a tall slight figure and delicate white hands— Ah! too, too delicate—crossed on her breast. She was too sweetly good for this rough world, and it was thus I saw her last: thus but lying with her eyes for ever closed, envious death robbed me of her, and grave is in Finchley Cemetery in far off London. I visited it not a year ago. I left no perishable flower on the green mound, only a tar to become part with the earth that had held her down form. Fast locked was the chamber after that last below, I could not beat to enter it for years—not until after that to the grave at Finchley. It was but a brief visit, and then, looking back on the dreariness of many unloved years, I asked myself the question which so often rises to the lips of all of us in out time of trouble, and after any wearying disappointments the unavoidable questions—" Is life worth living?" I veil the third portrait also, and leave the chamber; for it is as if the stillness and chillness of death reigned there. I lock the door, and take out the rusty key. It seems to turn more easily in the lock now. And what will the new mistress do with my haunted chamber? I will bring a loving, living presence into it to-morrow — not a mere picture this time. And perhaps she will have the three portraits unveiled, and will insist upon brightening them up, and entering into my past feelings about them. And she will also insist upon occupying the chamber as her very special own And I shall enjoy no more the melancholy luxury of a Haunted Chamber. 