I CHATTERINGS. I [By an Occasional.] A man who writes a comic opera is ever at the end of his troubles until the work has been presented to the public and the Theatre has been lhanded over to someone else. He has itnessed the progress made at hearsals, he has sworn at the i orchestra, he has been besieged. by the ladies—I am of course referring to an amateur production—who are not tisfied with their dressing - rooms ecause Miss So-and-so is better rovided for, and after all he finds imself a few pounds out of pocket, nd thinks the glory for which die strove, and which he is by no means pertain he has gained, somewhat dearly bought. | Mr. J. H. Lyons had a peculiar Experience with his "Brigands of Barcelona." Just before the curtain >ught to have risen a gentleman from ihe orchestra waited upon Mr. Lyons tod intimated that if the Padre in the >pera came on the stage wearing a iross the instrumentalists would strike. Phis was pretty cool, and the author |>mposer was staggered. When he overed his breath he said— well, never mind what he said. The posi tion was serious, and eventually it was decided that the cross should not be worn. Ultimately it transpired, as the result of a notice on the call board, that the man who complained had acted entirely on his own behalf, and he, perceiving that the tables were turned, now tried to represent that he had been joking. But it was a joke that might have resulted in an applica tion of boot from an indignant author composer, and in such a case a verdict of " Serve him right" would have been unanimously returned. * * * Mr. Geo. Ash is a firm believer in the liberty of the subject, but surely he merely made himself ridiculous when he entered a shop to buy an article he really did not require for the purpose of showing his contempt for the compulsory early closing movement. If Mr. Ash were a drinking man, which he is not, what a time the publicans would have on Sundays! # * * * All the blame for late shopping should not be laid to the charge of the working man. On Saturday night week a gentleman and his wife promenaded down Bundle Street. He is employed in a large city Bank, and his wife not long since was engaged in a city drapery house. When outside one of the late closing shops she drtw him aside, evidently to tell him she wanted something she saw exhibited in the window. He opened his purse, supplied her with the needful, sent her on her errand, and waited patiently for her return. To help him to. pass the time pleasantly one of the bill distributors on the footpath placed in his hand a bill commencing, " Shop before six." It is to be hoped he was edified. I wonder how many members of Par liament are really solvent. Certainly very few of the Labor members, whom their mates deem so well off, could pay more than twenty shillings in the pound. The other day a man applied to a reputedly rich M P. for the loan of a fiver. " My dear fellow," he replied, " I'm on the same lay myself/' and he dived through the crowd after a well-known financier. * * * An English friend of mine has been speaking in complimentary terms of our police constables, whom he describes as a fine body of stalwart men. " But," he added, " I can't say the same for some of their superior officers, who are knock-kneed and decrepit, and look as if they ought to be wheeled about in a bath chair Inspector Sullivan is a notable excep tion. He throws out his chest and keeps a good stiff back. Your troopers, I should think, were amongst the best mounted men in the world." * * * Heard in Victoria Square. She— " Oh, what a beautiful statue !" He " That's not a statue. That's one of the unemployed at work !" The Glenelg ghost proved to be a mere reflection from a street lamp on a window pane, but the gallantry of the Civil servant who, before this natural explanation was forthcoming, boldly entered the house deserves more than a passing comment. So here goes:— The cottage was a thatched one (Or might, at least, have been), And on the window pane at night A curious light was seen. The night was dark and stormy, The wind was howling wild, Along a well-known thoroughfare A cautious crowd defiled. And, oh! to see the staring eyes, The whiteness of each cheek, As nearer to the house they drew !. Each was afraid to speak. Till one came forth and joined the ranks— A Civil servant true— Who threw his head most proudly up (His name it was not Blue). No weapon held he in his hand, " For lo 1" said he, " the ghost Will not a Civil servant harm, Or take away his post. " If the Retrenchment ghost I face Without a trace of fear, Shall I before a curious light Turn pale and disappear ? * " No, no; though sordid Governments May grind me down in screw, And privileges take away, I'm fit for derring-do. "And if perchance I lose my life, Don't tear your hair and groan, For I shall be in regions where Retrenchment is not known. " And where there is no Parliament To talk and cut down pay (Except the pay they draw themselves Upon the month's last day)." He paused anl threw the window up And sprang into the room, And for a moment all around Were silent as the tomb. But soon he faced them all again; " There is no ghost," said he. Then crowded they with questionings Talking incessantly. With careless gesture he remarked, " An answer I will give, Know that where Civil servants are No ghost can ever live. " We've been reduced so much that we Must live on air, and do; Thus, when I enter any room, There is no air for two. * "And bear in mind, Retrenchment friends, That at the present rate We're using up the air supply-— Asphyxia's your fate!" The boozer's arithmetic table :—2 nobblers 1 glass, 2 glasses 1 butcher, 2 butchers 1 more, 1 more 2 many, 2 many's 1 drunk, 1 drunk 2 policemen, 2 policemen 1 police magistrate, 1 P.M., five bob.—Q.E.D. * * * The following affidavit was filed in Court of Common Pleas in Dublin in 1822 :—" And this deponent further saith, that on arriving at the house of the said defendant, situate in the county of Galway aforesaid, for the purpose of personally serving him with the said writ, he, the said deponent, knocked three several times at the outer, commonly called the hall door, but could not obtain admittance; whereupon this deponent was proceed ceeding to knock a fourth time, when a man, to this deponent unknown, holding in his hands a musket or blunderbuss, loaded with balls or slugs, as this deponent has since heard and verily believes, appeared at one of the upper windows of the said house, and presenting said musket or blunderbuss at this deponent, threatened (that if said deponent did cot instantly retire, he* would send his (the deponent's) soul to hell,' which this deponent verily believes he would have done, had not this deponent precipitately escaped." * * * I was standing near the dress circle entrance to the Theatre the other night near a fashionably dressed mother ajnd daughter. The usher called out, " Mr. Goldbug's carriage." Then the mother nudged the daughter and said, " Kerriage! It's only a nansom." Which it was sure enough. The equipage of the two women, how ever, might safely be set down as a " kerriage." It is stated that a prominent young man in Adelaide wanted to change places with the stage-door keeper at the Theatre Royal during the* Gaiety Girl season. * I suppose the amending Licensed Victuallers Bill will be discussed by the present Parliament, and if so I trust those members who are not rabid teetotallers will force a division on the question of opening hotels during certain hours on Sundays. The present law is an utter mockery, and as it is manifest that the public houses cannot be altogether closed on Sunday it would be just as well to revert to the provisions of Nock's Act. Even the teetotaller will admit that sly drinking is the worst possible form of absorption, and everybody knows that alcoholic liquor is sold on Sunday, law or no law. * * * The importance of a civic authority is alarming. A City Councillor who had asked a citizen, whom he did not know, an impertinent personal question and received such a reply as he deserved, thundered out, " Do you know who I am?' "No, and I don't want to know." " I'm Councillor ," and the great man looked as if the other ought to wilt. But there was nary a wilt. 