Memmon. The gray curtains of morning twilight aoang gloomily over the endless dones of sand. The drab.green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and ano bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery to the eruken column of the temple; not a ray of sil;er light to dispel the ashen gloom of the heavene, or break the songless repose of'the psuse-dotted desert. The distant river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like the sinuous reflection of a luminons lily-star in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of asilence seemed. to reign anti the morning song of Memnon should break the potent spell. The eternal Pyramids frowned in the dis tance in orders gray, and the acacias bent like the Faithful in prayer, as though im pressed by the subtle charm of the silence that was lonely and unbroken. The herons stood in majestic immobility, as though obarmed, among the reeds and sedge that surrounded their watery hants. Numbers of motionless palms were etched, like sentinels, against the horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of the first faint kiss of dawn-whose filde and draperies of gray seemed awaiting the golden roses of sunrise to 'bloseom forth and light them into perfect beauty. In the midst of this apparently eternal hubsh, this silence that would make such a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voice, Memnon eat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the east for the first rosy light to tremble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake the a0ounts of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle seemad to sfall from the shy, and in the dietansce be hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of rose appeared, a breeze started across the buroing desort, the lips ofl Memnon parted, and filled the sipplel air of midsummer with: " I it hot enough fox you ?" . CONFpSVP.D Bachelor : " How tlme does fly, Miss Seaside I Why it was ten year ago teat you relfued me on this very spot." Miss Seaside (lwho wiahes she hadn't): "So long ago as thoat I was very young and foohesh theO, M?r Smith." Confirmed baobelor: "Bat we are both alder and wiser now." 