'SUNDAY TIMES' XMAS DOUBLE HUMBEB, THE BILL OP PARE. The Christmas number of the Sunday Time& will be published on December 22. It will contain, in addition to tbo usual new8 and general matter, fifteen original short stories by Australian authors. All the Btories vyill bo illustrated. There will also be otheu special features, including a series of ' ghost ' stories, contributed by ' S.T.' readers, and entertaining reaamg ana competitions ior tno juveniles. We invito comparison of the Sunday TiiiEfl Christmas Number with any other Ohristmaa number, whethor published at sixpence, one shilling, or eighteenpence. In no part of tha world is such value offered — fifteen original Bhort stories, illustrated, together with p mass of othergood reading, for twopence. It will be a thoroughly Australian number Btories by Australian authors on Anstraliau subjects. Here are the names of tha writers t— Ethel Turner, author of 'Seven Little Australians,' ' The Story of a Baby,' ' The House at Misrule,' &a.; Louis Becke, author of ' By Beef and Palm,' ' His Native Wife,' ' The Ebbing of tho Tide,' &o.; Louise M. Mack, tbe charming young Aus tralian writer, whose first novel will be published early in the Ncrr Year by.T. Fisher Un win. Edwin J. Brady, a popular Bh&rt; Btory writer of tbe front rank. Ales. Montgomery, whose Tales of tho Malay Archipelago havo proved so acceptable. Henry Fletcher, author pf ' Tbe Gentle man Larrikin,' ' The North Shore Mystery,' and many short Btories. Boderick Quinn, a writer of strongly dramatic short stories that are read a3 eagerly in England as in N.S.W. u Cooyal,' the writer of tale3 of mining life. ' Jiggers' (his story of last Christmas) will be well remembered. ' The Owl,' another well-known writer, who adopts a lighter vein. Thorold Dalrymple, Mannsell, Paul Twy ford, Leylans, and others! A Thespian Club Wanted. — Herbsrt Wood man writes deploring tbe fact that no organi sation or institution exists ' for the poor outcast Thespian,' and suggests- that some one with influence in tho community should toko tho matter up and seo thut such a society is ct&sred; without delay, 