"JUSTICE TO ALL." SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1805. NOTES AND COMMENTS.' O-,,---* Hlow They Canght the Ghost. There is a very dtring young man whose father conducts a grocery store at the bottom of Bay street, and there are two very popular and amiable young ladies whose brother is an estate agent near the North ]Brighton Railway Station. One night last week the young ladies, in light colored dressec, were at the Church of England Sunday School building. The budding limb of the grocery trade had his brain filled ยบ with i the ghost," and as the young I ladies flitted aerossi the church yard he mentally ejaculated " Al, ah! 'Tis the ghost.. Be still my heart l I will gain fame by one courageous 2 act 1" He did not, however, go bold. ly'forth to grapple with the sprites, buh be rushed away until h intoer. 7 cepted a policeman. "I have seen the ghost," h, cried, " Whore ?" said the constable. "n the Church of Eniglind grounds," exclaimed the grocery man, ;'brenthlessly; " there Sare two of them I" The constable and the courageous youth went forth unarmed, but :with stout hearts, to capture the goblins. On nearing the building a. lithe figure in feminine looking: drapery was seen to emerge from the gates. "He comes!" cried the grocery man, hysterically, and, bac(ed up by the constable, rushed bravely in pursuit, regardless of phosphorous, brim stone, and vitrul. As the pursuers iapproached the "spectre" it stood still and appeared alarmed, "What do you want," said a young lady's voice. " Beg pardon, miss, we thought you were the ghost," said the grocery store young man, and mutual explanitions followed. Next r day the yonnn lady's brother met us and remarked, "Did you hear they've caught the ghost ?" "No," we re plied. " Oh, yes, young got a policeman and tried to arrest my sister," he explained, and related the joke. The police iare becoming very dubious about ghost yarns now. One old lady saw a white demon with horns the other night which turned out to be an old grey cow, and some children were ghost- stricken by a Smant walking along lighting his pipe.. f 