Ulmarra. MONDAY, FARMING.-"No early maize this year" ia said by many of our fumiers. No one can plant anything these times, the ground is so dry. Transplanting fruit trees has heen put off, thinking rain would come, and now it is almost too late to do so. Seed potatoes are being bought and stored, there not being a chance of getting them in the ground wita any prospect of their coming to anything. And what with fires and frosts, everything green is destroyed. Last Friday night's frost was so severe that ice covered any water which was only partially exposed. At the back it was not so bad, but along the river bank it was as stated. However, if there is no early maize, those who can hold this year's late crop will perhaps reap some benefit in getting better prices. However, everything is at a standstill now, and what- ever crops are planted will certainly be later than usual. CONFIRMATION.-On Sunday afternoon one of the most impressive rites of the Church of England was performed here by Bishop Green. The church was crowded, many having to remain outside. We may here say that the fame of the Bishop as a preacher had gone before him, and everyone was anxious to hear one of his eloquent discourses. After the appropriate service for the day had been concluded, Bishop Green took as his text : Ephesians IV., 30, 'And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption,' and explained that a seal was one of the most ancient pieces of furniture found in civilised countries. They were used in Babylon ; the Egyptians engraved the sacred scarabceus (Beetle) on stones as seals. It was necessary in those days to have a seal, as writing was not so well known then as now, and if conveyances or deeds were made out, their genuineness was not determined by a man's signature, but by his seal, which warranted true and veracious documents. St. Paul says God seals His own people, and no mistake can be made about it, because the Holy Spirit is evident in them. God is the sealer, the Holy spirit is the seat, and we are the people to be sealed. " Why was this church so full to-day? It was no novelty to see a confirmation service, and it was not the first time they had seen a bishop. No, it was none of these reasons, but because you are God's people, and you wish to show your gladness that younger geo pie are going to receive the seal of the [oly Spirit. It is not visible, but you know it is there without sight. It was the Holy Spirit of God, the spirit of holiness. There was not one of the candidates who did not know, through the cathechism which they had learned, the working of the Holy Spirit to sanctify. Wherever it ÍB felt, it makes impure lives pure, screws up energy in place of indolence, and makes man's life holy. If the Spirit conies to a man, he cannot expect to be made better looking, more clever, or sharper in business ; but the clear impress of the seal is there, not to be mistaken. He ns a pastor of God's most Holy Church, was glad to lay hands on these candidates for confirm* ation. God sealed you on the day of your baptism. It was dangerous to think little of baptism as an unmeaning ceremony. He was sorry to say that many people thought so, and think they know better than God. ' When the Lord ordered baptism He surely knew'what He was doing. There was no superstition in marking the' cross on the child's forehead ; it was tho emblem that the Holy Spirit of God hud taken the child into the Church." The very rev.'preacher gradu- ally atideloquently explained that this was the elementary knowledge which thc candidates had received. Ic was touching to see these young'people just entering life, gaining independence of thought, and harrassed with' new possibilities of doing wrong ; and now the great time arrives when the Christian Church comes to them. Confirmation is not a new service, it is older than morning or evening prayer. The Christians of Antioch gathered together at certain times for ordin- ation, meaning consecration to the Church. Those who were ordinated were full of Holy Ghost, and the disciples laid their hands on them. Do not believe confirmation is a formal ceremony.it is no such thing; it is the Holy Spirit of God, confirming the souls of his people, and exhorting them to continue in the faith. If a ceremony of the Church can be pointed out which is merely ceremony, then I will try to abolish it. We are not sure to go to heaven because we are continued, any more than if we give subscriptions to the Church. Of course, God will.help you if. you look up ? to Him for help, but because you are confirmed you cannot say I will go lo heaven. We can grieve the Holy Spirit of God hy declining to follow the holy lead of God, and allowing any paltry motive or question of money to bar the way. It is a wonderful mystery of human life that God never makes a man religious against bis Will ; he is never forced, always led, constantly invited. He (the Bishop) asked the candidates if they hud made up their minds to follow God. If not. he would fur rather seo them «.way. They had manifold temptations to meet, hut exhorted them to seek the Holy Spirit of God,- obey, worship and reverence it; they, would then be safe. Work for Him. You may, perhaps, say what can I do? Have you a- brother or sister on whom you can impress the seal of the Holy Spirit, or a friend that you can. convince und lead into the straight road. Do your duty to Gad, your neighbours and. yourselves, and you will be doing work, and at the lost doy you will appear, with the seal of the Holy Spirit, clear and distinct. You are making a promise which holds good for ever ; you are making a promise to God alone, nob to the people in this church, not to me as Bishop, not to the clergyman, but ta God alone, and remember tho Holy Spirit of God. Twelve . candidates were then confirmed, after which the Bishop announced that the offertory that day would be mude fur the Clergymen's Widows and Orphan Fund. He made an eloquent lind affecting address on behalf of the object, and trusted that each one would give double what they intended when coming to church. He stated also that endeavours would be mudo to establish an Assurance Fund .far clergymen, which would do away with the necessity for the Widows and Orphans Fund. Congratulating the people of Ulmarra on the removal of their church to a better site, the Bishop announced that for a time service would be conducted in the School of Arts, commencing next Sunday evening at 7 o'clock. FIRE.-On Saturday last a fire broke out in Mr. George Green's barn, nt Avenue; com- . pletely destroying the building and all that was in it. It happened that Mr.. Fred. Small and another were, in the vicinity, otherwise thc house would have been'burnt also, but was saved through the exertions of these two farmers. No further particulars are to hand yet. EXAMINATIONS. -? We are glad to notice that the candidates entered from our school for the hite junior examinations have passed. These were ÄIasters Northcott, AI'Gratb, Turnbull, Davis and Small. This must be satisfactory to parents and pupils, but decidedly more so to the teachers. Information is to band that Mr. It. Williams, lately engaged hero in the A.J.S. Bank, has been appointed to thc head office in Sydnev. He has been one of tho auditors for the O.R.P.D.Coy. several times, and his' services in that direction were esteemed. We wish him well in his new position. Speaking of auditors reminds one that the directors of the C.R.P.D.Coy., seeing that Mr. Poulton had resigned owing to removal, have appointed Mr. Hallenden in his place until the annual meeting, which will probably be held next January. 