j D--r TASMANIAN PRESS AS8OCIATrION- COPYRICHT, BRITISH POLITICS. MR GLADSTONE'S LETTER. RIGHTS OF THE COMMONS. JUST CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS OF IRELAND. REPORTED ANTI.PARNELLITE SPLIT. EXTRAORDINARY LIBERAL OFFER. LONDON, JULY 9. The Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone in a letter addressed to the electors of England urges them to vindicate the rights of the House of Commons as the organ of the people, and so establish the honour of England. He also urges that they should consolidate the strength of the Empire by conceding the just constitutional claims of Ireland. Rowdy scenes have occurred in the Anti- Parnellite convention held in Ireland to-day in connection with the forthcoming general elections. They are reported to have arisen out of the action of Mr T. M. Healy, M.P., E,L., in reading some correspondence which he alleged had passed between the Liberal whips and Irish members. These, he said, showed that the whips had offered £200 annually towards the representation of four Irish seats in consideration that Liberal candidates shall be chosen instead of Home Rulers. Mr John Dillon, M.P., denounced Mr Healey as a traitor in making this correspondence public. LONDON, JULY 10. Speaking at Manchester last night the Right Hon. Arthur J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, referred at length to the local veto question, which is being so strongly urged by Sir Wil liam Harcourt, late Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the country. Mr Balfour declared that such measures had totally failed in Austral asia and America. No form of local coercion would, he declared, alter the tastes of the people, but he based his hopes of the temperance of the people upon the improvement in the senti ments of all classes. The following additional appoint. ments have been made to her Majesty's household : Master of the Household-The Duke of Pembroke (C.). Lord-in-Waiting - Lord Ranfurley (C.). Sir Richard Webster, Q.C., M.P.(C.), has again been appointed Attorney General. A Viscountship has been conferred on Lord Knutsford, who was Secretary of State for the Colonies in Lord Salis bury's second Administration, 1886-92, but is left out of the present Ministry. The Times deals this morning with the exposure made by Mr Healy at the anti-Parnellite Convention held in Ire land yesterday. It states that in view of the incident an enquiry should be made as to the number of seats the Liberal party had purchased. [Regarding Mr Gladstone's reference to Home Rule, it may be pointed out that the leaders of the Liberal party con inue to keep the question in the froot rank of politics. This action has, of course, led to spirited action on the other side. By the last mail (May 31) came a le-ter from the Argus coreepondent, in which he said " Among the political speeches of the week have been a clever attack by Mr Joseph Chamberlain upon the Rosehery Govern ment for not going out of office, and an equally clever defence of the Ministry by Mr John Morley. Mr Morley declared that the Government intended to remain in office as long as they command d the sup port of the Commons. He p~op ,esied that the Welsh Church and thr frish Land Bills would be carried through -he Lower House before the end of July, and his de. cisive declaration in favour of the Local Veta Bill is considered .to indicate the possibility of the Govornment going to the country upon th t measure. Mir Morley's: statements re pecting Rome Rule are rather intereat ng. Rome Rule, he Enaid, was no,. he ghost of a departed hope, but a corporeal and substantial reality. Neiher he nor his colleagues would go to tie cnutry upon any other unders audi g or footing than that of cencos on of se f-,o ,ernment to Ireland. Perhaps it was i order to carry out Mr Morley's app enat y mini. mised ideas of H mr Rale tha Mr Shaw Lefcvre, on behaf of the Gov r ment, supportel a bill introduced i to he Com. mons on the very night o, ai .rl y was speaking for the purpose of e. ab'ishing county couocils in Ireland. Th ec.s t be done on the model of the E llish and Scotch plan, or the isitiation , f the Lord Lieutenant. That is to say o w r was to be given to the Lord Lieut nant o call county councils into existenc~ ,s-nnever or wherever he liked on the E i:,i h model. Mr Balfour made merry over 'I gislation by reference,' buht he did at divide against t~e bill, on thl grou, d ?a, hehad no object:on to its priacip'e." S na then Lord R:sebery and Mr Mor y r p ,atrdly stated Home Rule would b- , pt, in the forefront.] 