~ - A. SHORT 8T©I6¥. (By Aiasteh.) Ono May morning in 186— 'adnBt-stained traveller pnllcd up his horse at ' Tho Bee hivo Hotel, '—a tumble-dovm rookery of tho o'dybosh style, i.e. — low walls, bark roof, verandah so low that o tallisli man had lo stoop on entering or get his head, bumped, with diminutive '? verandah' rooms at each end.' ' . : With its Email windows and generally di- ' lapidated look it was strongly cuggcstivo, to tho fanciful mind, of the faco of u very villainous old man with a dirty slouch hut pulled ,down over his eyes. Our traveller, however, was not fanciful, at least, not just then— hp was too hungry. ' Como into the dinin'-room, Mister ? Garrett did you say ?' said the landlady. ? ' Lizzie ! Lizzfo !' as a young girl entered tho room. 'This ycr gentleman has come from Forbes to-day nnd wants some dinner. Yer'll havo to be. content with cold, vittles, Mister, everything tnp3y-turvy since my old man's, been away. Not a sheep killed or any think.' The traveller sat down wearily, and looked around him. The room was dark, with un painted walls, nnd low calico ceiling. A large table, a coupio of .clmirs, and two long stools formed the furniture. Through one small window streamed tho rays of the declining sun. Ho fell into a brown study. 1 Your dinner is rendv. inn ' The voice startled him. It was so sweet nnd musical. He looked up attentively. Ho had scarcely noticed tho girl before. The light fell upon her browu hair, changing it into gold. Her form was lissome as a , gazelle's. The eyes large, dark, questioning, were fixed on him. ' ' Are you a bobby ?' ?No,' he said-, after a pause. 'What makes you thiqk that V ' The boh of you,' she said ; your walk and tly way you ride.' ' Ah ! So you peep through windows, do yotr V he said, smiling. 1 Are you V sho said, without taking the alightest notice of his remark. ?No, I am 'not.' 1 Well, I'm glad of. that.: 'I wasafaud you were.' I -Thon I may presume you object to .that particular class of psople.' :' t ?Yes,' she said, quietly, 'I do. Thia last one that came hero took f'lther-away on somo trumped-up' charge of killing other people's cattle. As if,' she added scornfully, 1 every, bodv about, here didn't do tho same.' ? I hear ' said Garrett, ' that that is one of the customs of this place.' ? Of course it is.' Garrett seated himcelf at: tho table, : and commenced a vigorous ? onslaught on the eatablfe3,'varied by a casual glance 'at the ?wild bush flower that sat at the window watching the going down of the sun. In the distance rose the blue, hazy outlines of the Weddin. mountains. At the back of the house rah the Lacblan'river,' a low, fordable Btreamwith cteep aidc3. Tlie.clopk ticked tho mantlepiece, 'and . ) a Blight breeze sprang up and played with tho girl's hair through the open window. Garrett spoke ggain. ' ? Was not: the coach stuck op here.' about aix mouth's ago?' ? ' Not' here. At Will's Creek, ^about two miles further on.' ' j;, \- « By O'Donnell's gang 1 ' V .. - Yes.' :;;s 'O'Dotiriell, Smith; and Harnett — a bad lot. I wouldn't enre to meet them on the joacf singlehanded.' * xney naa to taue io bio oush . w mc. girl* -coldly, ' tho traps, -would not let them alone... That Smiths a bad lot, but Jack Harnett' — she. paused. ?Yon know him?' » Yes,' sadly, and turned her facs to the window Again. The clock ticked loudly onco more. Garrett finished hio meal, and shifted hia chair. The floor was full of cracks and holes. Through one of these, near whero the girl was sitting . a black. onako raised its head stealthily. The girl still looked out tho window. Garrett waa looking up at tho ceiling.. Tho head was laid.on. the boards, and then commenced a wriggling, slow, noiseless ; progression towards tho girl's foot. Another six inches . ? A spring, a slight scream, and; a pair ef strong heels crushing the- snake's 'bead. You are braye,' said the girl shrinking * backj with something very liko admiration in her eyes. 'I am rjlad you are not a bobby.' .?That . evening, 4 The. Beehive ' wan-, en livened by the presence of certain long, wiry fellows with unkempt hair and beards, 'who drank hard, swore hard, and ecowled unani mously at Garrett. That worthy, finding his attempts tvt: conversation rebuffed, settled into a deep contemplation of his boots, which wete deposited as near the fira off the distance tfiom his chair, and his long legs, would nermit. When tho-olool: otruch ton no arooo, .ana expressed a deaire^to ' turn in.' Tho land lady showed him to ono of tho littlo verandah fOOCQO* 4 1 don'fc bnoTT bov7 it io/ ^obo caid, ?But| no one likes oleeping in thio room. Evon old Murray, who rcokoso ho ain't afraid of tho Devil himcelf, won't sloop hero. But there's oloaa ohooto on the bod, oir, ; nnd you'll ..oloop sound enough if you don't Jbeliovo in ghosto.' Garret smiled. ' All corono,' he said. . 'I. would liko to oeo the ghoottht)t would ? wako mo to-night, ' ho said to himcelf, qd ho pulled tho clothes over, him, and immediately after ho dopasfcod to tho Land QX «0U. ' ft « * - , \- 'A hand woo laid on : hia ?- forohoad, cold, eiomsay, nnd ohivcring. - . . _ .. V , He''epened -hia. eyes. ? A, misty 4otm hovered over hira. . ' It'aa ghost,' ho thought, hajf-dwmmng. Suro enough, beyond nil, doubly litjWPO a ghost. ' Then thoro uw? auoh thingo after oil, . The form bent nearer . au,d nearor. Ho felt its warm breath, i '* & -ghost breathe. . Ho awoke with a vBtafct)' -hiB hnuu flo^sbt tho pistol under, thor pillow. . ; '? #/Oon't move' wna whiapsxed Goftly.in hio &.VJt'a nie— Lizzie.' . iSPA pane shot through GarrOtl'a hoarf. ; Yo vhmV . , f Dfm't speak iilio that ' (sobbing). . You must 'got up,',; and ga 'awoy, novr, at, once. iVo men will li6 waiting fo^ yow behind the rocks at Will's Orok eat sunrisei ' Oho ! It that it ? Why not rob mo while I was asloop?' ' Mothor ;«o-suaded thom not to. The place has such a ba.l namo already.'. .... ' But which two ? Wore ' ihev here last night?' '.- i ^ 'Yos! tile lliiii dark one, 'and the follow with the rod hair.' ' Hornett and O'Donnoll ? ' Yoo, yea, I thought eomo ono might be killod. You aro so bravo nnd strong, and boaidoa (weeping) I— I don't want them to hurl yon.' Ho kissed hor wet choolc softly.-' ? ' Poor Lizzlo,' he paid tenderly. : ' You will go ? 'foho whispered 'Yea.' ..' Sho wont out, owiftly and silently. , Grey dawn was lifting her; mantle ovor WiU'o Crook, an uncanny looking-opot with tho ooent of a tragedy hanging to it. Sis months boforo tho gold escort had boon ambushed thoro, and two trooporo killod by n fire from tho rooks nbovo. A nian rodo along in the dim light, with pistol cooked and sensos on tho alert. 'I am right,' he noid, ao ho crossed tho crook. Thoy aro not hero yet.' Ho rodo . on for half a mile, and then stopped. Tho Gonnd ofjgallopinu horses broke on his ear. Thoy had eeoa hio tracks and wore after him. Suddonly two wild bushmen-, coming like whirlwind nppoared at a Bond in tho road, nnd swooped down towards him. Garrett had turned his horso, ond waited for thom calmly, liko a statue, . Two shots rang out, ono striking' the ground in front of him, tho othor whiotlod over his head. Thio waD what he wanted. Ho took steady aim at tho leading man, ond fired. Tho dark man reoled in hio saddle, tried to recover himself, and crying ' Pull up' Stevo, I'm hurt,', fell' heavily to the ground. Garrett raised his piotol to fire again. A sudden thought flashed across his mind — a generous, tender thought. ' No ono will know,' ho said, ond turned his horse, and rodo away. c- ' v? A week later four troopois. rodo up to the ? Beehivo.', One yao Garrott. Lizzie received him without surprise, tind got supper for them in pilonoe. During the meal bno of tho troopers said foolishly. ' We'll have a devil ot a job to find that hnt lo-night. ? Garrett looked instantly at Lizzio and saw what caused him to watch her movements. Presently oho loft the room. Ho at once rose and followed. She wgs hurrying with quick steps towards the dockyard at the back. ? Lizzio' ! he callod^sofUy. Apparently oho did not hear him. He saw her lot down tho roils, and lead a grey horse out. by the halter, and he heditatod , He saw hor spring on to its bareback, and ? : ? 'Stop that she-devil! Hughes! she's going to warn him II' ' What tho — — aro you thinking of !' Bawled Sergeant Xing behind him. Like an arrow from a bow tho grey horse flew past him, and away on a bridle traok through tho bu6b. %Thd troopers rushed to their horooo, and were Boon after hor. But they, might as well have tried to catch a bird on tho wing. On, on, thoy flew ; the five horses strained to tneir 'utmost, their hoofs striking in unison the soft earth. A thousand trees flew past thorn ; a thousand staro watohed thoir headlo-og Tace. A wild exhilaration filled each heart. There, was; life in : that ride. . Death in one mistake of eye or hoof. What: matter ? Pour riding for stern duty's sake ; one for thb liberty, perhaps the life of her lover. On, on, went the grey horse, the speed of the desert in'hia limbs. Crash !' came the troopers through the brushwood. Miles vanished into minutes. A light gleamed through the trees, was lost, then seen again. Suddenly 'a hut appealed in sight. Tho troopers reined in their ? horses. Gleams of light shone through the cracks in tho wall.- Suddonly 'the light was extin guished. ' : 1 Ha ! The birds haven't flown yet,' said the sergeant. ' But where's the girl ? Keep back ?»: moment,' ' boys, till I see what he means.': Then he called out, 'Como out quietly Harnett, or 'twill bo the worse for you!'; A bullet 'whistled past his ear. 'Srtrround the house! Keep yourselves covered! We don't want to waste blood.' Airat onco tho grey horso was lea out of the hut and they saw the girl leap On its bcick and gallop away into the darkness. 'Now's yonr time' yelled the sergeant. ' Let her go and blaze away at the hut !' Bang ! Bang ! Bang ! went the carbines. Thud! Thud ! went the bullet3 into the, slabs, — and some, alas, between them. 'Cease firing !' came tho order, presently. Garrett crept up to the hut. All was silent. Then a faint moan met his ear. 1 Come on,' he said softly. They entered tho hnt and struck a light. ' ' ' 1 On the floor Lizzie lay, ''dead; ! i3ler darli Djes were fixed and glazed, ..and the blood flowed from a wound in her breast- As they looked they saw' that' her skirt and; hat were missing. ?. ' ?- 