: A URAfiB OF |v MURDER. I Pacific-street, San Francisco, starts I in the slums, ar.d runs across the city. I The highest number upon it is 8(126, and I the house with which the narrative deals is No. 4313. It stands therefore I exactly half-way between the abodes B of poverty and wealth. At the time I of the occurrence herein to bo related I it was kept as a lodging and boarding- I place for men by Mrs. James Prowitt, whose long experionco liad made her keen and wary. Her guests wore of B|ll classes and descriptions, men rising Horn the lower street frequently meet- FTRg at licr table "those.: who were I descending from the gentility of the I avenue. I; One October morning a young man. ' applied to her for a room. She set her L little grey eyes sharply upon him, as F was her habit, but saw nothing out of I; the commonplace. She always divided I her patron3 into three classes— those L coming up from near the bay, those I sinking from the avenue, and the sta- I tionary middle class. She shrewdly I placed this one among the second- I ' class, but that made little difference to her. He was medium in size, with a I frank face and a manner which gave I! ' her the impression that lie know what he was about, and was exceedingly 1 wide-awake in doing it, He said ho I was a travelling man, could furnish I good references, and gave his name as Harry Mulford. " My third-floor front is vacant," Mrs, Prowitt said, but I usually got fifteen dollars a month for it." "That is ' entirely satisfactory," Mulford replied. "The price is nothing to me, although I shall not occupy the room moro than one night a month. But I shall want it kept ready for mc-, I though you are at liberty to use it any night, provided you do not receive word of my coming before six o'clock. I shall pay you in advance, sending you your ' money by mail on the last of each month," Ho drew out his purse, counted fifteen dollars upon his'knee, and added, "Here is the first month's .rent, provided you will' let me have the room." , Mrs. Prowitt was too "keen to' let such a chance slip, and she quickly closed the transaction. Her require ment of references had always been a mere form — often a ruse to got rid of an unpromising applicant. She did not, therefore, ask Mulford for his, con sidering his money suilicient endorse ment. "It is probable," said Mulford, as he delivered the money and rose to leave, " that I shall not reappear for several months, and if you do not re ceive fifteen dollars from me near the first of any month you will be at liberty to rent the room. It is likely that I may send some one 'occasionally to occupy the room, but he will always bring a note from me." This piece of luck was too good for Mrs. Prowitt to keep to herself, and it was soon a matter for general dis cussion around her tables. A man ; who could afford to pay for a room without occupying it was a rarity at No. 4313, and Mulford became a mystery. The first month passed, and the third-.floor fijont was unoccupied, oxcept when Mrs. Prowitt quartered a transient. On the last day of this month a registered letter, was de livered to her, from whicli she drew I three crisp 5dol. bills and a note from Mulford, stating that he wouid soon send a friend to take possession of the rNoom. But whon this and several nfqire months passed without other sigh- or representative of Mulford than \ the regular letters inclosing the bills, the rental of . the upper chamber be came a sensation. At last, however, one- early Decem- ' b ir afternoon a little old man ap- -..ared, bringing from Mulford a note i. viioh stated his wish that Mrs. i'"owitt would place in his room the article that the bearer would deliver, a d to have the apartment kept ready for occupancy. The little old man was quite odd. He was much bent and very grey. His left eye was blind.;, laifc the right, restless and twink ling, together with his whole a- uutenance, made ; Mrs. , Prowitt th:ok he could toll a great deal, if so vi- acted. He was not so minded, how- cvfir, and her questions elicited only .uscment, to which his blindness it the appearance of continual wink. The article ho brought was a large, : iree fold Japanese screen, highly ecorated witli gilt birds, reptiles and tnmals disportingthemselvesona sablo 'it round. After the little old man had V?', .one, and Mrs. Prowitt had setthoscreen 11: a Mulford's room, she went down to ' i -.he tables to express her opinion that ;i , Japanese screen was a queer article ' br a young man to send, and the loarders agreed with her so strongly ,s to repair to the apartment to in- pect it. The screen was ordinary, . yet extraordinary, and curiosity played ' about tho bamboo frame as whimsi- 1 cally as tho gold decorations within it. A satchel, or a trunk, or oven a chair would have aroused simple ex pectation ; but a Japanese screen, though not uncommon in a bedroom, suggested something so decidedly out jof the commonplace that Mulford's Advent was awaited with lively in- y.'rest. A week passed, however ; and, Wiougli Mrs. Prowitt kept gas burning (itke evenings, had fresh water put IZri daily into tho pitcher and hung clean towels upon the rack, neither Mulford nor his friend appeared. For twelvo days she had theso pre parations made ; but upon tho thir teenth Mulford's friend came. It was half-past oight whon the maid admitted him to tho parlor. At this hour all the lodgers wero out pursuing their various evening pastimes, except John Baylor, who was practicing upon his clarionet in his second-floor room. Mrs. Prowitt wont to the parlor, expecting to find a young limn of about Mulford's age, but she was surprised to see a gentleman of probably sixty. Ho was, however, well preserved and active, and was dressed very much better than anyone she had over lodged. There, was an unmistakable air of tho avenue about him that set- Mrs. Prowitt to thinking she had seon him before, and to wondering whero it' had been. Ho carried a bulg ing bluo bag of heavy mhteria), and his whole bearing and appearance wero those of a busy lawyer. Mrs. Prowitt made these observations dis tinctly, as was her habit ; but later occurrences indented . thorn' in, her mind. In relating exactly how the old lawyer entered the parlor, liow ho talked, and in describing him she alwsys had difficulty putting ono fact into words. -. "Somehow," she always said, " lie mado ino creep. Ho sat right in front of mo and he seemed to be there; like" !any' other man,- but there was some thing or other' about him that made! hirn seem unreal, a kind. of a strange shadow of a rich old mau I had seen .upon .the .avenue. His voice,: too, sounded kind of unnatural ; something like an echo of a real voice speaking away off somewhere. I. thought at first that' he was' only absent-minded, but the more: I looked ac him the- moro plainly . I saw that there was something about , him' I could not ex plain, and can't now." He gave ber a note in Mulford's hand, merely introducing him as tho friend who desired to occupy his room for the night, and lie would consider it a favor if Mrs. Prowitt would make him comfortable and let him have, till he might wish. v "Is there anything you want mo particularly to do?" Mrs. Prowitt- askedfliim. She has always laid great stress upon the fact that she observed everything that occurred- that night accurately, and has been unvarying in her narrative. " Is there a table in the room ?" the lawyer asked, absently. . "Yes; Mr. Mulford requested me to put ono in for him." "That is well. Then all I wish is to bo entirely undisturbed. I havo many papers to examine to-night," lie said, tapping the blue bag. "I am engaged on a matter of vast import ance to a wealthy estate, and I shall ask you to see that no one is admitted to tho room. I am ready to go to work now, if you please." Mrs. Prowitt showed him to the third-floor front, turned up tho light-, and before leaving saw him take from the bag a largo bundle of papers tied with pink tape, and lay them busily upon the table.' Ho then pulled up a chair and sat down. She noticed par ticularly that tho J apanose screen stood about three feet from tho back: of his chair, and about two feet from the win dows. . The weather being cold, .the .sashes wero down and locked, and the lower' inside shutters drawn and latched. There was a sheer descent from the windows to the pavement, with no outside ledge . below tU'eiii, so that it was impossible for any one to have entered the room through them. Mrs. Prowitt. has been un wavering in this statement, as well as in declaring that no ono was hidden behind the screen or elsewhere in the room when she admitted the lawyer. It was only a few minutes after 9 when she left the old mnn intently engaged over his papers.- On her way downstairs she stopped in Mr. Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford's friend had come. She did so, she has said, not because tlicy had all looked for him long, but because the man had given her a queer feeling of dread that she could not throw off. She naturally wondered what could have brought so rich a lawyer to her house ; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. She told Baylor of this strange impression/ and tho fact that, while with the old lawyer in the room she had had a creepy notion that sho was entirely, alone, although he had been plain to hereyes. She had noticed that ho hud walked vigorously, but his steps had been surprisingly faint, and the papers had not rattled when he took them from the bag. She was very nervous., She did not believe in ghosts, she de clared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she had over had in her houso. She was afraid something dreadful might happen, and she asked Baylor to keep his door open: and to walk up the stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and she left him. At elevon o'clock she hurried back and said : " Would you mind going with me to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outside tho door ? I want to know . whether that old man is sleeping. I see from the pavement outside that lie -..has turned tho gas out." " That can not be," Baylor answered, excitedly. "I walked up the stairs not more than five minutes ago, and saw his light' shining through the transom," "Saw his light?" echoed Mrs. Prowitt, in an awed whisper. "It was just about five minutes ago that I looked from the pavement outside and his windows were dark. Are you sure you saw the light ?" "Yes; but I could not hear a sound inside tho room.1' "Mr. Baylor, there is something terrible in the air to-night and I oan't tell what it is. Let us go up there and listen." They ascended to Mulford's room. Bright lights ,were shining through tho transom. Mrs. Prowitt knocked three times, but received no answer. Then she called, but the room remained perfectly silent. " I would liko to look over tho transom, Mr. Baylor," she said. "Tiioro is something mysterious here." Baylor brought to tho door two chairs that wero standing in the hall, and, ste, ping upon one, looked through the transom. 1:1c started, and asked Mrs. Prowitt to got upon the other and look. Thoy saw tho old lawyer still sitting at tho tablo with bundles of legal papers beforo him. Ho wns too deeply engaged to notice that his long grey hair had slipped down over his forehead and al most overhung his cyos. As they looked from his peaceful face .to tho documents before him, ; Mrs. Prowitt started . violently, caught Baylor's arm, and said : ; "Look at his hands. He is making the motions of writing, -but there is no pen in his hand. I-Ie is— — " r. She faltered from fright, and Baylor said : a " Ho is a madman, Mrs. Prowitt.1' "No, lie is worse than that. Ho is not u roal man. Something awful is going to happen to-night. ; I did not quite trust that man ; Mulford -from tho start. Why should ho have rented this room unci not occupied it, if every tiling had been right'? ' This is terrible.' Look there. .Did . you see the screen move?" v / " No, I did not, but " Ho stopped abruptly, for two hands rose from -behind the screen, and, catching its extreme ends, lifted ,it; from the floor' ancl; carried it stealthily .towards the old: man. They were large and muscular, ugly and grimy— - 'such hands as would delve in the slime anu vice of the; lower street. With the exception of his hands, the person behind the screen was hidden, until he had carried it, noiselessly and stealthily, until it almost touched the old man's chnir. There tho hands, stopped it and stood it securely, : and instantly a head rose from behind it. The terrible l ice held the two outside watchers motion less, . The vileness and wickedness of the slums was ground into each blotched and bloated, feature. ; The terrible qreaturo looked for some, minutes upon the old lawyer with a leer- of murderous triumph. Then, with a horrible smile of satisfaction, the man raised his right arm high over the screen, liis dirty, talon-like hand: clutching a dagger. Mrs. Prowitt shrank with a scream' from the. sight, and fell to a sitting posture upon her chair ; while Baylor, aroused to action, pounded upon the glass of the transom and kicked upon tho door, but the old lawyer continued peacefully writing at tho table, and the assassin was not stayed in his purpose. With a swift, skilful stroke, tho knife foil, aud Baylor saw it sink into the lawyer's breast, saw him writhe upon tho chair' and fall to tne floor. MIo leaped from the chair and threw himself against the door, but it withstood his force. "Help me here, Mrs. Prowitt," he cried. "The lawyer has been mur dered. Tho door is locked upon tho inside. Help me break it in." , Their united strength at last broke the lock, and 'the door swung in. Baylor took one . step forward, but stopped upon the sill with a startled cry. The room was dark. and silent. No moan or sound of death struggling came from the murdered man under the tabic. "A match," Mrs. Prowitt," he said, "for tho love of heaven let u's have a light hotel" "There is a match-safe over the washstand in the corner,'' gasped the landlady. For a few moments Baylor groped in the blackness for a match. At last ho struck one, and the gas puffed up. He shrank buck against the wall by the door. The room was entirely deserted ; the tablo was bare cf legal papers; the screon stood in its place near the window; and there was no body of a murdered man upon the floor, nor any blood or other trace of him. Tho room was precisely as it had been before the lawyer came. in the midst of an animated discus sion at Mrs. Prowitt's table next morning of the strange crime one of the boarders, who had already break fasted and gono out, rushed back with a paper, which, under display head lines, told of the brutal murder of Abel Chrjstiansea, one of the city's noted lawyers It detailed how he had been sitting in the study at his house on the avenue, going over some valuable papers in the matter of a vast estate in litiga tion. The murderer had entered through a window, had crept upon Mr. Christianssa under cover of a Japanese screen that stood behind his chair, and had Btruck him to the heart, with a dagger. The assassin, who had escaped with all the papers, was sup posed to be one of the heirs to the property and ono of the most dangerous criminals of the slums,. About ten o'clock on this same morning the little old man who; had brought the Japanese screen appeared at No. 4313, saying that Mr. Mulford had sent him for it. " 1 don't know that I ought to let you havo it," said' Mrs. Prowitt. "Why not?" asked the little old man, with a queer twinkle of his un- blinded oyo. , , " There was a torrible murder on the avenue last night by a man who stabbed a hiwyor from behind a Japanese screen, and I and one of my lodgers saw the vision of a man come from behind Mr. Mulford's screen and kill a strange old man who had come as Mr. Mulford's frioud." " It is certainly remarkable," said the little old man, winking liis blind eye; "but you certainly won't keep Mr. Mulford's screen just beoause you saw a vision " " Go up for it, then, for I won't touch it," said Mrs. Prowitt. ' " I will be glad to have the torrible thing out of my house. If I wasn't afraid of it I would not lot you have it," When the little old man reappeared, carrying the screen, she said : , "If I could see How there could bo any connection between this .screen and tho one on the avenue I would keep you here and send for tho police.' " I don't see what possible connec tion thoro oou'd be," said tho little old man, ducking his head side- ; wise, and squinting at her quizzically. "If I could I wouldn't ask you for tho screen. But I will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there is, of corn-so I'll como around and tell you. By tho | way, lie says you .need not keep tho room for him any longer." And picking up tho screen ho briskly walked away. — Argonaut. 