LITERATURE What, if anything, can a rational creature who has studied and understood the work of any poet, great or small, from Homer down to Moschus, from Lucretius down to Martial, from Dante down to Metastasio, from Villon down to Voltaire, from Shakespeare down to Byron, find to applaud, to approve or to con- done in the work of Walter Whitman ? To this very reasonable and invevitable question the answer is not far to seek. I have myself repeatedly pointed out—it may be (I have often been told so) with too unqualified sym- pathy and too uncritical enthusiasm—the qualities which give a certain touch of great- ness to his work, the sources of inspiration which infuse into its chaotic jargon some passing or seeming notes of cosmic beauty, and diversity with something of occasional harmony, the strident and barren discord of its jarring and erring atoms. His sym- pathies are usually generous, his views of life are occasionally just, and his views of death are invariably noble. In other words he generally means well, having a good stock on hand of honest emotion ; he some- times sees well, having a natural sensibility to such aspects of nature as appeal to an eye rather quick than penetrating ; he seldom writes well, being cabined, cribbed, confined, bound in to the limits of a thoroughly un- natural, imitative, histrionic, and affected style. Gilbertian humour cannot be affiliated to other forms of humour. Its primary charac- teristic is, however, conspicuous enough. It proceeds upon an intellectual basis It appeals to the logical sense. It applies ratiocination, the processes of pure intellect, to regions governed in actual life by instinctive habit, the will, blind forces of nature. The usual outcome of this is what is commonly known as Mr. Gilbert's ' topsy-turveydom.' That France loves her children is shown by the fact that never in art or literature has she made them vulgar. Neither in birth nor in infancy have their nurselings been made common with the dulness of habitual life. The children of France had neither Sterne nor Dickens on the watch for the humour of the natal hour. And the little girl has never in France worn the tediousness of the house, the street, and the suburbs as she has worn it in England. Nor has she, on the other hand, borne the burden of the cheapest of all ornament, as a ready-made subject of bad pictures. There is plenty of mediocrity in France, as elsewhere. But it has never ab- sorbed French children. As a science, Geography points with her magic wand not only to the terrestrial but to the celestial globe. She teaches us to read the secret of things above and things below, of the movements of the stars no less than the dark genesis of some deep ocean current, of cradle, of the winds, of the birth of the clouds of the falling of grateful showers, of the roaring of the mighty trade winds, of the thunderous fury of the devastating hurricane ; she tells us why the stagnant pools are foul, why the breath of sweet-lipped morn is fragrant, why the morning mists are formed, why the skies are clear ; she lectures to us on the economy of the ocean, the equipoise of the elements, the ever-surging mutations from pole to pole. A man or womau who lives frugally, who takes the simple food he was made to subsist on and no more, who drinks the one natural fluid, water, who lives, in regard to eating and drinking, the natural life, is fitted pri- marily for the best life, the strongest, the most active, the most enduring. Presuming he is born of good and wholesome consti- tution, he is then, except for accidental des- tructive agencies in a fair way to live five times his maturity, that is five times twenty- one years, the natural term of his anatomi- cal life—one hundred and five years—a term few reach, but which is attainable as a matter of natural law and the majority would attain it if they lived on proper food and drink. Our forefathers pressed their views, what- ever they might be, at the point of the pike and by the persuasive force of the good yard shaft. They knew what they believed, and they intended that the others should know it too. Well for those who were content to follow as they were led, and who forebore to question the absolute wisdom of their masters' With, us on the contrary, everything is passed through the fire of doubt and criticism ; and who would now burn or be burned for a dogma ? The spirit of agnosticism has dis- placed assertion and opened the door to possibility ; and the ' May be' on the one side balances the ' Is it so ?' on the other. This gives a wider outlook over all the tracts of human though ; but it is less comforting to the souls which need certainty for their support.—Mrs. Lynn Linton. Contemporary politics have become a sort of organised system of ' Kootoo' to the work- ing classes. It is as particular friends and humble servants that statesmen and politi- cians of all shades and colours are now in the habit of founding their chief and most urgent claims to the confidence and approval of the public. No scheme which pretends to ad- vance the welfare of the working classes, material, intellectual, or moral, is too ex- travagant or too absurd for respectful and sympathetic attention. It appears to be taken for granted, indeed, that they are to be regarded as an exceptional and privileged order in the State, who are to be expected to do nothing for themselves. Manual labour, it seems to be assumed, is the whole duty of man ; when it is accomplished, it emancipates the performers from all the ordinary obliga- tions and responsibilities which the rest of the commnnity are compelled to fulfil and endure.—World. Despite the generally assumed connection between ghosts, pork-pies, and the works of such writers as Sheridan Le Fanu, diet does not determine the form of a dream ; other- wise, those of us who are often visited by the visions of the dark would sup, now on a salad of rose leaves, now on a well hung grouse, and again on foods of grosser fibre. Another man will fancy he has solved the riddle when he says that dreams are pictures woven on the tapestry of the night by an un- controlled imagination. This goes a step further than the undigested blot-of mustard theory. But how comes it that the imagina- tion has escaped control ? How should it play antics of which its wide awake sobriety is incapable, and call your other faculties— the will, the memory—to join its soundless revelry ? Another man sets down all dreams as supernatural, and holds that they, like our- selves, are— no other than a moving row Of magic shadow-shapes, that come and go Sound with sun illuminated lantern held In midnight by the Master of the Show. That, again, explains without elucidating. In the present state of our knowledge we must always hold the door ajar for the super- natural. The youngster who passes half his time in lolling at the bow-window of his club is no longer content to decide small questions : to award the guerdon of beauty, to give his opinion on the running at the Leger, to pro- nounce upon what will be the next sensation of the burlesque stage. He may still have the eye of a connoisseur in female charms ; may decree the fashion of a tie, the shape of a coat, the buttoning or unbuttoning of a glove. But he soars far higher ; his mind seeks greater conquests. He aspires to tackle literature, science, and the arts ; he will rule the positions of authors, seek to make or mar reputations, even of the great thinkers and leaders of the world. Although incapable of keen observation he pretends to be a master of niceties ; unable to reason soundly or logically, having as yet made no pretence to performance, before he can say ' Feci' he takes ' Dixi' as his motto in life, and is as unhesitating in his fiats as an irresponsible king. His judgments are as unyielding as they are inept ; they are as sweeping as the newest of brooms, as severe as they are generally unjust. In my earliest days in London they pro- duced on the stage Tennyson's ' Promise of May.' I was present at that frightful fiasco The play was not a good one, but its failure that night was not so much due to its artistic defects as to its daring treatment of morals. It presented the conventional seducer of innocence not as a ruffian who ought to be kicked, but as a thinker who had even some- thing to say for himself. This was grotesque to the English public, and they howled and howled. I alone, or almost alone, with my friend Theodore Watts, cheered and cheered. It wasn't that we cared a ha'p'orth for the scoundrel on the stage, but that we claimed the right of the drama to deal with moral questions. That night in my lodgings I wrote to Tennyson. I meant him to get my letter with the newspapers next morning. ' The stage,' he answered, ' must be in a very low state indeed, if, as some dramatic critics are telling us, none of the great moral and social questions of the time can be touched upon in a modern play.' That was only twelve years ago, and what have those twelve years witnessed ?—Hall Caine. 