( amusements. In oomplianoD with a requisition from tlio 'principals ' of a nuinbor of collegos nnd schools, and for the conveninnoo of Huburhnu patrons, a npiolal viatimic performance of The Now Boy and tableau vivmiU is announced for Saturday noxfc at tlio rritioess's, at 2 o'clnek, Tho proKi'ionmo is ospcoially adnpled for the amusement of the juveniles. Children ami aohouln.will be admitted half prico to all parts of tho house. At the Austral Halpn. yostorday afternoon a complimentary reception in the shape of a- musical eonvertazione. was accorded to Air. and Mis. Arthur Dacre (Miss Amy HohbIIq) hv Mid C. llelnhockul. A large number were present the majority of whom wcro ladies, nniocg the few gentlemen who wcro sprinkled about tho room being Mr. 0. ilgcbey Boroligrevink, who nooninpaiiicd the recent expedition of Ui« Antarctic to the South 1'olar Snag. After Miss Hcinbookol had introduced the visitors to tho audience, Dr. Neild delivered a short address or welcome, to which Mr. Dacre responded feelhiglv, announcing his gratified tion at meeting so largo a number, and express ing the unexpected pleasuro lie had experienced at feeling so inuoh " at home" during, hi stay in Melbourne. The formal welcome having concluded, nn interesting and divone programme was gono through, in tho course of whioh Mr. Daore contributed two recitations Paradox and Buddha's View of Heaven, whicil elicited loud applause. Minn Amelia Banks's sweot nopr&uo; voico was seldom heard to butter advantage than in the Promina of Life, Miss Charlotte Hemmhign rcoitsd The Banediotlon to thfiovhlont ntttinfaotion of tlio audienoe, while thecomio relief nIForded by Mr. Joseph Blag, check in his skotoh of a small boy's description of a molodratnn, mid, as an oncoro, Tommy or Ghosts, formed a fitting conclusion to tho ontor tainment. I'ho inombers of tlio Idlers' Club . cxeroisod tbolr dramatic capabilities last night at tho llibernian Hall, when they produced two comedies in aid of tho funds of the club. There waR.ilargo attendance, and that tho efforts of tho performers were appreciated was ovidenced by the hearty laughter which tho acting provoked. In the first piece, A "Winning Hazard, tho parts wero creditably roprosenlod by Mossrs. Dersclil BrookhofT and Hamilton, and Misses Mather ami C. Milton, whilst those taking part with muoli success in the second part of tho programme omiHisting of tlio oomcdy, Tak© that Girl Away wero Messrs. Stanwny, llowo, Oolenso and Or' ford, nnd Misses O. Milton, Burko and Cowan, Musio was furnishod by tho Bohemian orchestra. 