fRovdtst. DlAhdA. (7.V TWO TAItTS,' TART I. " She was as straight ne an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow tailow. The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of masculine strength and feminine .beauty — not fomimne enough to be wholly woman, laor masculine onough be bo wholly man. Her dress was half ono and half ' other. Ia man s black slouch bat covered . head, and' a man's black coat protested her (boulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. ; She rode a huge black stallion, a creature oa splendid and fiury and scornful as tbo scornful, fiery, splendid creature tnat fear lessly bestrode his buck, j An imaginative theorist might easily havo discovered in tbe dilating nostrils, upfiinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance tbe close kinship of two souls hefore metempsychosis made one beast and one human. Shown# Diana; tbe horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan aad Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other liviug thing, and it was a certainty that no other iiving thing loved .. cither olithnm..— . ; Diana pulled the rein and Su'ton stopped (witn'Uhe ; fore-.ffluri uplifted, luey loosed liko a ebony.statued Centaur. Before them ithe sun was setting — sinking, eliding down a little and a little into tbe futbermost edge of the plain. So su 0/ and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it . must set it afire. Behind them the blue, suow-llued .wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red eun-rays until its man.v- Jeaguo crystal bosom seemed struck by Borne lauddcn transforming force of nature, iand each single drop of water changed to 'diamond. . The ebony Centanr let its foot slowly 'to tbe ground ; it took oil its slouched bat, its lour eyes looked straight into ths 'west. | A Ilsard scampered away, rustling .tbo dry grass with its scaly lego, a squirrel (vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up ion its haunones, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at tue Centaur as those of the Gen- taur stared into tbe west. For ail othersign of animated existence on the plainB these might havo been all that in- hauited them. i Lower sunk the sun, higher, snd wider, nd deeper-tinted sprea I its glow the glory' in the west and the gray in the east touched cdgi s at the senith. High over the dimple- glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake tbe armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of wuite-tlceced cloudB, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, tnat rose and |towered and toppled over into a smoke- \- ' igirtbed amber ocean. Tbo balo of tbe sky slipped down to the earth and spread over tbe hot ground and lbs brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Oeutaur, and over its blaca gluaay hide, and stole into the face of tnu. woman, Tbe scorn, tbe defiance faded out of it, tue jhard lines of masouliue force softened out of \- lit,' To meet tbe glow of a dead day come lout tbo glow of a dead heart. It toucned her eyeB with its ensonoe of soul, and liguted her features with the purenesi 01 tbo virtue that has chastened itself in tbe \- smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur who transfigured, , A broad. branohed osk— the only , tree for jmilee around— stuod near; a man, followed ... py a sueop-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise ami tvae not seen. He was £un-buraed, and unshorn, and roughly gar- imeuted. There wus an odd twiicurug 'fit the muscles about his mouth, and as ho watcheu tbo process of transformation imtbe woman's face, its spirit leaped into bis own. ; . Without any conscious volition be leached forth hie banus and cried out, ' I' Diuna." Wat it tbe reflection of tbe sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animuttun, or did sue hear? , 1 She touched the rein and Bstan bounded jforwurd, tbe ebony Oeutaur wus a passive , I transfiguration no longer. It wus again tbe Ispieudid, scornful, defiant creature, nating bumuuity auu smiting , tbe earth with' cuu- ' temptuousfeet. I Tue man with tbe sheep-dog looked J after her a' little while, then walked 'lowly away, taaing. an opposite dtrea- |tlon. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck bis ears as he approached tbo door of tue ouiguiati- vol construction burlesqued with the name of " House," . " Bes, Bill,' will'ye, looks like he was' walk- ia' home in tbe shuu.ier of bis cutliq, and ' : -Shop sneaks along like no'd beua a-stenlin' , .sheep." -I The man, to whom tbe words were ad- . dressed, luuked out, tuun dropped his eyes, and answered in a lower tune auu softer vuiee than the other : " Don't juke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of bis bad ways. I wouldn't won- Cer if he'd seen that woman again. ts enough to rnako ono think she's a gbuss i ' haunting him tbe way ho looks after he's lean her." I " fla'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such " . tt'solld fantasrosgory a ha'ntin' mo. \- " Stop— he'll bear you." I Tbe one who spoae lost got np and walked Mb a! the, backdoor tojstjjptke talk of tbo "Well, I'll be gouoa ; it I was at thin- tkinned about other people's feellu'a as some people, I'd goi mo a. patent outside," mut tered Brassy. Tbe cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb wbioh stuck out of the wood-pile in tbe yard, took out bis pocketknlte and com menced whittling. "Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as ho pnssed back and forth, cocking supper; "Alius whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my eoat if I ain't sometimes taankful for bein' euticularously tougb, but then tbem moods, an' teuies, an' them fine- baircd fool- in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a ohap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to mako sslerotus biscuits, or expect a youngster with tno brine so close to bis eyelids to bile murphya? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in too mouth 7 Seen a ghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. " Tub, I've Been a gbost. Supper ready ?" " No, bat I've got her on a-bilia'," cheerily answered Brassy. He - was a very bome-made philosopher, and Archimedes would mo9t likely have re jected the mathematics of tbesoliloquy which he indulged in. ' Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a bard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary ono of which ever recollected (tint grub hex to be cooked, and nary one of which ever forgits to feel tbesymptomsof approach- in meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub's in tbe middle, thereforo splicin' two and two, and matin' it versus a unnnown quality which is grub, I find by those figgcr- in' that grub is ths syntax of life, <tu' the result of tbe calkerlation is Brassy hes to cook it." Brassy bad to talk. If he bad not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They wore a diversified tbrco that sat down to tbe rough pine table wbioh Biassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who bod been recbristencd thus by by Biassy because of bis sligbtness of stature aud fastidious ways, aud the irrepres sible, philosophical, goud- natured Brassy, who talked when ue should have said noth ing, and Biid nothing when be sboald have talked, and always hit in tbe wrong p ace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept ita bleating thousands on tnat territory ol range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesoacaess. But in a climato where the squirrel, the owl, and tbe rattle snakedwelt peacefully in the earns abude, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking their aftor-supper smoke. Tue mysterious calm of the breeselcss night had put upon thorn its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled meohanically on asmail piece of store-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his tbnmb sn-l forefinger, aud blew contented little puffs of smose away from bis month. Brassy tugged and puffed at on old pipe, and watched Bill from under tha rim of his hat, " Bill," said he, " yon ought to smoke ; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stove-wood." Bill's oniy notice of the remark was to shift en-is of the stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a wnrning glance ; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. . Ho always maintained it was against his princip.eB to take bints. " Fes, emokin' is the most eontinnous com- fortin' amusement I know of ; nothin' like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's puttin' good sperrics in a man ; an' stove- wood in this country is mighty ba>J to get. Yea, Bill, yon ougnt to take to smoain'. It's palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'Babian steeds to tbo poro man,'- Course they got up in Smoke,-: but they're' bis while they're goin , If you're hungry, it's a sort of saotbmcnt to Che place 't'a av asn' for victuals, if you're alone in a aowl' t' wilderness it's wife, children, and friends— they go up In smoke, too. bus yon have 'em while they're goin'; an it keens the female sect from ha'ntin a lonesome 'eaoue- lor.'" He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill, Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown- and assod, " Brassy, do you know why you are not like my old kiutet" " Dunno, 'lees it's 'cause the knife shuts np sometimes. Yes. there's mast,, always some difference between (people aud old knives ; now, there's Bill: " Dainty jumped up and threw away bis cigarette, " Boys," said he, " let's tako the dogs over to tbe river and tree a wild eat." Brassy pocketed bis pipe immediately. "Bight, me lord, I'm yonrn wuen its wild cats you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate a agreed ; if be don't— 1 He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his nays they will end on the iBle Of St. Helena, ' " He sang the lines of. tbe , old- fashioned, long-out-uf-dato song in a most unmusical voice, and it might usve been the mbiody that mado Bui mart so' suudenly that he overturned tue stool on. wnicb he eat ; it might havo been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with tbe suggestion that if they were going, they had butter (tart. > Ho oould not oavu toid why he thought Brassy's insinuating nunBenso would give pain to Bill, or in wbat manner it could pain Uim ; ho was one of those peculiar natures - 1' at' know nameless things by iutuition. He did nut cure for wild - cat hunting, but know prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up " varmints," was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, tbuie were few diversions to break tue monotony of tbe ebcep- kordors'existence, oven tkough t .oro wore three of them, and tuuy herded their own flocks and rode their own hoists, It has been ssid jocularly of sheep-herd ing, " it takes bnt three months to turn the atrungest'biaiu." Tue saying bad a good foundation, mora especially If tbo time wore summer, Tuink otauuman being, endowed with tbe attri butes ot divinity, set .down ou those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand beau of blunting Buoep — sheep are always bloating; day alter day to see tbe sou rise, red and sultry, to shine ell uay through a cloudless, euaugetess sky on a dbangeit-SB, brown, mlrago-glimmeriug landscape, aud sink out ot eight, red and Bultry, at ove. To near, bight alter night, the west wind— always tue west wiud- blowiug its drear" mumo, and the bowl of tho-piowiingcoyute, eight after night tbe same sounds, uay aftor day tUe same eounes, bis compauionBliip tbe lizzurd and the horned-toad— always foiiuw- ing round -and round that thousand head of bleating sheep Toe moon was high np in the sky when they reached the timber of the irlvcr, which was about three miles from the" camp. ' " Boys, ' again said Dainty, " I'm somehow sorry I aBked you to come to-nigut ; I feel like souietbing was going to happen, sud that we ougbt to get out ol here ae quick ae we cuu. 'Ou, gosb, Dainty, your feelin's ia too closoto tbo atuioupkere,' Wunt you e'pose could buppon ? Tuink Guaquiu Marietta or Turee-ttugored .look's a luxurinun' in tuo ibadUere of tbo underl.rusb, scented our muney- poukut nn' lsyin fur ui, as it were?" Bill smiled at this, it was 10 ridiculous, and Dainty Bald no mure ot bis uauufluad four. An boar| two hours, throe, ot tramping, snd not a wild oat was amiable enough to tree and bo killed, rnuob to' Brassy's die-, guar. Tired out, they started home, "Listen,.don,t you bear o cUrloui sound 1" leid Dainty. All ot them stopped and listened, bat only JLfgra.moweg u.w— . " Merciful God I" shoutaa orsisy, -rue for your lives, It's the river overflowed 1" They sprang forward nnd ran with much tpecd In spite of brush, nnd briars, and many tumblings. ' if we could only got to the slough fust,' p anted Brassy. Tno dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred foot beyond, bnt a wall of waiur higher than tboir beads was roiling down with terrible swiftness upon tbem. The water from the river overtook tbem and Inpped around their feot and up to tbeir waists. It wus usulces now to try to reach tbe slough, impossible to cross it if tuey could, that crausiing muffled roar was too aoar. Tuey were between two fluoiia ; it was a moment to act without deciding. With ono accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and boisted bim into tbe forks of a targe sapling, by tho aids of wbieb tbey itoppcd, and sounded up after bim. A minuth later tbey wero in tbo midst ol a mile-wide waste of fuot-riuing water. Be hind tbem was tho terrible, swift, rolling river, whose bead was in tbe heart of tbe eternal enows ; before them tbe slough, over wbieb tboy had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift- flowing, muddy, ico-culd, and deadly deep. Tha sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping tbem into the chilling wuter, nnd suonk and shivered to its topmost twig wbea some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose tbo flood and swathed their soaked garments about tbem ; it wss so cold — bo cold clinging; andthenigbtsobslmyand warm, snd tbo moonlight so soft and so beautiful. " Partners," said Brassy, " I reckon wo'ro euobered this time." "Looks lise it," responded Bill, "and I'm q'uifo willing." " Well j then, yon'ro tbe fust msn X ever saw that wa ready for rain, Course we'd hev to swing out sumo day, an, drownin', tbey say, it a easy death; but to bedrownded like a panel of treed squirrels disagrees with mo. 1 might 'a knuweil these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yesst- powderB, 'd melt toe snow an' bring down a Hood. Vcs, I've lived nigh the river long enough to be i»loukin' out fer a thing like this. An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein' eooa- thonghted, but I don't like to be drownded iiir«'s miserable aquir'l." (rAST IX VOL AFFEAB XK OUB NEXT.) 