AS IT OFTEN HAPPENS. By W. J. Lahpton. " I was 19, and pretty Lois Tanner was three years my junior. Sweet sixteen ! Is there in all this world anything sweeter f Th«re may be other Sweet SixfceenE, bat the comparative degree of the adjective in this connection has grown maty from losg disuse, and Sweet Sixteen remains positive in kind and superlative in degree. And Lois Tanner was 16. From the first dy of onr meeting— we were tho children cf wealthy parents and were summering by the sea — some intan gible inflnence, some inexplicable force seemed to draw ns to each other, and to run the lines of our lives parallel. For two years we had known each other, and one day — it was the third summer after our first meeting — we sat on the rocks by the shore land, and, as the waves beat an rhythmie measures upon the silver sands stretching at onr feet, 1 looked into her sweet blue eyes and knew that Lioheais as she drew two threads from Clotho's spindle was twisting them into one cord, forever indivisible. In early youth, how far the eyes, on- dimmed by years, can see into the fntnre, and how keen is young love to decipher the handwriting on the wall. "Lois," I said, as we sat there in the fiding twilight, " do yon know how long we have known each other ?" "Does it seem long.Mr BeldenP" she replied, with a coy little smile. "It has been two entire years, Miss Tanner," said I, falling into her mock for mality of manner. "And oae leama a good deal in two years," she added. " In one direction . I have learned nothing, Lois," I said, with a quietness I did sot feel. i "Why, Jack," she exclaimed, "I don't see how yon could stand etill-" " But I have," I insisted. "How f and her eyes looked herguile- Iessness. " In loving yon, Lois," I broke forth. " I couldn't love yon any more in a thousand years than I loved yon after onr first meeting." " Oh, Jack," sho cried, nervously, " what made yon say that ?" " Why shouldn't I soy it ?" IJanswered, with a dogged resolve not to bs pat down by any woman's whim. "Because, Jack," she said, very ear nestly, " papa has been saying all along that yon and I were together too much, and the first thing the family kn9W there would be a case cf puppy love to cure." "Did yonr father say that P" I asked, with the anger showing in my face. " He did, Jack, and he says — " " Well, I don't want to hear what he says, or has BRid, or will say," I inter rupted. " If he says anything like that he aoeeu g mow waa& n© ib laiaas aocuu, and hasn't the moBt- remote idea of what a man in love with, the one woman in all the world for him feels." "He ought to know something about it," Lois said, hesitatingly. "Ton know, Jack, he has been married three times." . "That's just it," I growled; "he's . grown callous. Ha thinks because I am not s hundred years old I don't know my own heart, and am irresponsible into the bargain; If it weren't for yon, Lois," I added, ameliorating my wrath to a slight extent, " I wonlds t have a man like he is for my father-in-law under -any circum- gtsncea." " Papa isn't so awfully bad, Jack," she eaid, in extenuation of the paternal weak ness. " I never thought he was, either, until yon told mo what yon have," I admitted. " "But, Lois," and I grow hard again, " you must know that no father who regards the future happiness of his daughter could take up the position he has, and assume to dictate the course of two lives, which in the nature of things must bo independent of his." "Papa says yonr papa said the same thing, and agreed with him thoroughly," she replied, arguing as women do. "Lois," I said, in my firmest tone, " don't speak to me of your father again. If yon do I shall be tempted to do him some bodily injnry." The dear little woman laid her hand on my arm restrainingly, and smiled with ench irresistible sweetness that I even for got the wound my own father had given me. "Let it go, dear," she pleaded. " They have forgotten they were ever young." The shadows were growing into a deeper purple, and the waveB took on the mel lower shades of the evening sky. The night wind, just rising, tossed Lois' golden hair about her smooth white forehead, and the, pink of the sunset brought a rosier glow to her cheeks. I brushed my hand across my eyes and looked into her face. "Do yon remember what I said a few moments ago ? ' I asked, returning to the previous subject. "WViat Aid von aav ?" she rartlied. troubling a tittle, I thought, for she surely could not have forgotten so soon. " I said, darling " — it was the first time I had ever called her that, and it almost frightened me — " I said that there was one thing 1 had not learned in the last two years, and that was to love you better than I did when I first met you. Do you think I should have learned ?'' "PerhapB, Jack," she blushed, " if yon had, you would have gone ahead of me in the class." "Oh, Lois," I began to say, and then began to stammer and grow red in the faoe. I could feol the blood fly along my nook, and my hands shook, so 1 could not have pnt them out to her if she had asked me to. I had never spoken of love to a woman, and now my inexperience was painful to me. J know that the brave man could win a triumph now, but I was not brave. On the contrary, I was a coward, an arrant coward, and in my fear I slipped down o ff the rock, where we had been sit ting, and walked out upon the sand- "Where arc you going, Jack?'' she called to me. " I don't want to be left here all alone. I'm sure Charlie Verder wouldn't treat me like that." That wM enough to set me wild. Verder was tho onf fellow I dreaded, and he hadn't knows her six months either. I went back to tho rock, and stood at the foot of it, j net near enough to touch the hem of her gown— such a sweet, white gown, with a hit of bine showing through it as the bine sky peeps in and out from the fleeoy white clouds. "Do you like him ? ' I asked sullenly. "Nofc anymore, I gueaa, than yon like Mattie Swann," sho retorted, with a perk of her nose and a shake of her fluffy hair. "Then you like him pretty well,"_ I paid, in worse humor than ever, and quite insistent upon nagging her all I could. " Perhaps I do," sho snapped, " and if I Jo, I'm sure he is a very aice fellow." "Hot any nicer fellow than Mattie Swann is a girV I Pnt 88 men 68 1 VgnOl )OW« "Well I don't care," she said, as she nlirmedoff the rook and touched the sand asghtly as a fcbiitle down. "I'm going home, and when you get me to come away off down here in this loneaome place again at this time of day 01 aay ether tune, I think yoa'U know it" Then sho started off along the beach towards the row of cottages. It was a mile or more, and I thought I would keep within call, so I let her get some distance ahead of me. I poked along behind, gazing out to sea and wondering where all the beauty cf the purple shadows had gone, and why it was the waves looked so cold and cruel and clammy. Tkey were the earn shadows and the same waves, and there I was, and — but whore was Lois? Fifty yards np the shore and harrying along aa if she was afrsii of twilight ghosts or other strange inhabitants of the crepusculsr air. I looked over my shonlder nervously, and all around, and shivered. What it was I don't know, but, on the in stant, I called to her and went after my call Ds fast as ever I ran after a football. " Lois, Lois," I kept ou calling, but she gave no heed. Her face waa set away from me, and she was going with it rapidly. Bat not so fast that I could not catch her in the next fifty yards or so. " Oh, Mr Belden," she said, in a tone of pretty surprise, as I came up panting to her side, " how you frightened mo. I had no idea you were on the beach this even ing." Think of that, and still her father hav ing the temerity to talk about puppy love. If that wasn't full grown mastiff sarcasm, I Q Jike to know what it was. ait l was not to bo thwarted by a woman's whim now, any more than I was in the begin ning. " Oh, Lois, Lois," I pleaded, though I puffed a3 1 did to. " Don't talk like that. We are not children to let a trifle oomo between us and our love. Vou know I love yon, and I know I love you. It was be cause I love you that I grew wild with jea lousy when you spoke of Verder. I don't care a rap of my finger for Mattie Swarm, even if you do like Charlie Verder." " Mr Belden," she began, very stiffly — " Call me Jack," I oried, with nil my feelings come again. " Call me Jaok, as you have always called me." "Perhaps I'd better," she said, coldly. " You havo acted so ohildishly that ' Mr ' seems scarcely an appropriate title." " You shan't talk that way to me, Lois Tanner," I exclaimed, as I stepped ia front of 'her and blocked her path. " I have done wrong, and I apologise humbly for it. Now as a lady you cannot do otherwise then accept it." " I accept the apology, and pray let that end the matter." it, nfe≪ not. T rnqist nnrvn rnn «/»- ceptlng the apology and the apologiser sb well. I want you, Lois, and that's what I started to tell you down there on the rooks. Answer me now with only tho sea and the Bky and tho sweet twilight as witnesses." I was abont to iako her hand and more tenderly urge my claim to an answer, when Bhe gave a slight scream and sprang to one side, as it she had stepped on a mouse iu the sand. "Look there," she whisp'red, pointing to a couple seated on an old spar half in the sand, and which until then was not visible. I looked and saw Verder and Miss Swaun, very close together and talking earnestly, "Let them be witueeses alio, if they will, darling," I said bravely, and this time I took her hand in miae. But it was too dark for them to see, and then Lois and I walked by them in the duskier shadows of tho later evening ; she had promised to he my wife, and, though the great sun of the heaven had set over the world, and the earth was full cf sha dows, the greater nun of love has risen in our hearts, and they were filled with the light inextinguishable. # # # # # That was a dozsn years ago, and to-day Lois is the proud and happy mother of three of the prettieBt aud sweetest chil dren in the world, except four that I am the proud and happy father of. She is Mrs Charles Verder, and Mib Balden was Miss Swann. 