Pars in Parliament; It is seldom if ovor ihat the droary solemn > pages of the Votes and Proceedings of the Legislative Assembly contain the shadow of a ghost of anything appro&ohing; funniness. But yesterday thore was a little asterisk whioh was provocative of hilarity. The division on Mr. BoIqs'h motion of tho previous evening, for a Select Committeo forthoBroadmouut Railway, was, us usual, given in alphabetical detail, and there sweotly reposing amongst the "Ayes," was tho numo of Mr. Hardacrc. Thero also amongst tho "Noes" wus tho name of Mr. Hardacre. That was a bit peculiar. Even with all his humility Mr. Hardacre could not bo in two places at onco. Ho x>lays many parts on tho political stage, but he has not yob appeared as ono or both of tho Oorsiean brothers from the Loichhnrdt. But thero in plain print ho was put down as voting both for and against tho motion. But what is thatP Oh, an asterisk in front of tho name in both plaocs. Glancing ub tho bottom of the pago is a third , whioh is in front of these words, "So in tellers' lists." Ah, that may account for it. From our own report we ascer tain that Mr. Harducro voted with tho noes, and that it was a Mr. Harding who voted with tho ayes. Tho fun commenced early yesterday. Mr. : Boll roso and said: "I desire to ask Mr. Barlow, as tho senior Minister present, when tlio Government expect to -got a reply from his Excollenoy the Govomor with reference to tho £2,000 asked for tho municipality of Dalby." The hon. Minister for Lands looked weary and uncom fortable. Ho wus "alono on tho Ministerial benches. He held a brief consultation with himself. Then tho Hon. Mr. Tozer strode into tho chamber and sat down. Here was Mr. Barlow's opportunity. He ap proached Mr. Tozer, and laying his right hand gently on that hon. member's left shoulder, had a brief confab with him. Thou Mr. Tozer wcut over to tho olork of tho Houso and bad a half-minuto sotto voce with him, and stalked baok solemnly to his scat. A pause. Mr. Bell looked wild. Again Mr. Barlow walked up to his collcngua and whispered in his car, and after both had shaken thoir heads Bagcly nt ono another, Mr. Barlow said, "Perhaps tho hon. member will givo notico of his question." Onco more Mr. Boll was on lus feet. 41 I'll givo notice of this, Mr. Speaker." Ho said. "I am awuro that his Excellency has given his assent for tho appropriation asked for. This assent has not yet been communicated to tbo Houso. If it is not communicated on Tuesday afternoon I will certainly move tho adjourn ment of tho Houso." " Hear, hear," from all quarters followed, while Mr. Glassey aa usual had to make somo remark. This time it was : 44 Hear, hoar ; well douc ; that's tho stylo ; show somo pluck and you will get what you want." Tho Speaker looked astonished, and said to Dalby's mombcr, "Do I understand tho hon. member to givo notico of that ? " Mr. Boll: "I givo it for tho information of tho Treasury benches." Then for a timo peace reigned. A visiblo shuddor, a most palpable quiver ran through tho Houso when Mr. Glussoy rose to move tho second reading of his Electoral Reform Bill. An usual ho took up a position on tho higher platform in front of tho back Opposition benches. A pilo of notos and a few books lay scattered on tho seat beside him. Passing his lmnd through his iron-gray curls, ho picked up a handful of notes, and started off in this Btyle, " I feel humiliated in coming before tho House to read a bill of this kind a second time ; a bill which is to givo relief to a largo number of persons who nro outaido tho polo of consideration at the present timo." Thon for mi hour and ton minutes the terrible index digit of bin right hand out tho air. But no now faots woro elicited. Tho Qouso was empty, a boro quorum being present. Tho hon. member for Burke bofore resuming his seat fired off tho following quotation from James Russell Lowell. Ho read it as a 44 born orator " would. 44 Ho'e truo to God, who's true to man ; wher- ovor wrong is done. To tho humblest and the weakest, 'ncath the all-beholding sun, That wrong is also done to us ; and thoy are slaves most base, Whoso lovo of right is for themselves, and not for all their race." In a very serious mood the Colonial Secre tary roso to oppose tho second reading. "This," ho said, flourishing the poor little electoral reform measuro in tho air, "is a bill tbut should be relegated to the museum of curiosities. It is a bill that I do not believe the lion, member ever oxpeoted to get passed in this House. All tho hon. member wanted was to string a numbor of clauses together so as to form a subject l'or discussion." Then the Wide Bay lawyer went on to discuss tho bill. Ho in a fow words pointed out what were tho muin objects sought to be accomplished by tho bill. Thoso wero "the abolition of plural voting, the establishment of womuu suffrage, one man oue vote, peripatetic voting, and to destroy tho ballot and to abolish tho contingent voto." For an hour and a-hnlf bo cut the measure to shreds and patches, and did not leuvo tho mover and his followers a equuro inoli behind which to hido their blushes. Ho argued that tho measuro would bo most injurious, and that tho timo had not arrived when tho House could accept it. 44 Show mo a country," ho uttered in his most impressive style, 44 show mo tlio country in which thoy havo this measuro of reform, or the measuro of reform equal to that which Queensland has given to its pcoplo ! Show nto a country, I say, at tho present, that is moro prosperous than Queensland ! ! " This was followed by 44 hoar, hears," loud and hearty, from Government members, by sick smiles and heart-broken guffawH by labour mem bers, and a sadj and sorry 44 "Well, woll! I " from Tom o' Burko. Other members spoke. Somo mado election eering speeches, somo gave utterance tc mean ingless platitudes, while in oue instanco at least no one know what the lion, member who essayed to address tho Houso was driving at. The de- bato would probably have lasted till midnight, but Mr. Hamilton was liko a bit of quicksilver, running all ovor tho place getting hon. members to 44 cat it fihort." .Dr. Jack had his consulta tion regulation proposals on tho business papor, don't you know? and lie wanted to got tho bill introduced. Ho was on springs all tho ovoning. Ho looked huppy enough — ho lmd counted heads, and know ho lmd victory in his grasp — but ho nover sat CO secouds in ono placo. For two hours ho smiled uud nodded to thismembor and that, and with the skill of a practised whip sounded ovoryhody. At 8.30 tho debate oh electoral reform curao to an end, arrangements having been mado to tako a division on Wed nesday noxt as Boon us tho Houso moots. After an hour's dobato, Mr. Drake's pro posal to introduce a bill to rogulato dispositions of property in favour of roligious, educational, and charitable institutions was negatived by 18 votes to 16. For a timo tbo debate wns pretty warm, and it looked as if thore would be a loDg and bittor discussion on tho priestly iniluonco at tho deathbed ; but Mr. Hamilton kept popping up, and, practically, by his per sistent wirepulling brought tho disoussion to a premature close. At lost, Dr. Jack, seeing that tho decks wero clear for action, sprang to his feet. Onco on tho go ho is all energy, and onco again ho broke the record for despatch. Tho Houso having gono into oommittoo, he simply moved, — 41 That in tho opinion of tho committee it is desirable to introduce a bill to rogulato tho promoting and mnnngomont of consul tations." Ho added nover a word, but sut down smiling, while tho Houso grinned an astounded grin. No ono spoke. Mr. Anncar with a despatch born of genius put tbo question with lightning-like rapidity. This is what ho said: 44 Thoso who aro in favour of tho motion say 4 Aye,' the contrary 4 No,' tho ayes have it," oil in ono breath, without a pause of tho duration of the millionth part of a second. 4 4 The ayes have it" xnorabors looked at each othor. Was it possible that thoro was to bo no spccohifying? Well, woll, Dr. Jack mast havo hypnotised tho committee. The Chairman thon left the chair, and reported to tho Speaker that tho committee hadcomoto a resolution. Mr. Hamilton then moved that tho resolution bo agreed to— ra mere formality. Tbo Speaker put tho question. Then, with a frightened, haunted look, Mr. To wnsville Ogdon roso from his scat at the table. "All that I have to say," he remarked, 44 is that it dobs not look well on tho port of the Government to pass this motion fi> silence. They ought to stand-up to their principles, and if gambling is a bad thing, and if consultations aro bad tilings, lot them say so. Do not lot tho Government" come forward with a bill - to pro vent gambling and consultations, and i then stultify themselves by accosting, this bill to regulate gambling without a mur mur." An hon.' member: 44 He has not introduced it yet." .Mr. Tozer also came to tho rcsouo with the remark, 44 Wo do not know what it .is. " 4 4 Wo do know what it is," said Mr. Ogdon passionately. 44 It is to rogulato consultations." 44 How .is thatP" asked Mr. Cross. 44 The House," wont on tho Ross Island luddie,|" has said that consultations are illegal ; how can wo rogulato that whioh is illegal ? If I wero to stand up on a bench and pass a bill liko this ." But his furthor re marks wero drowned for 'somo timo in howls of laughter from hon. members ; the idea of Mr. Ogdon's standing on a bonoh delivering an oration on anti-gambling was altogothor too funny for anything. Ha ! ha ! j ha ! ! ! But before ho resumed his scat ho said, 44 Tho matter most dooidodly calls for a Ministerial statement." 44 I'm sorry the hon. member has felt warm on this," said Mr. Tozor. 44 1 do feel warm," said independent Mr. Ogdon. " So do tho Government," replied the Colonial Secretary. 44 Then the Governmont ought to feel warmer on it," retorted Mr. Ogdon. 44 Tho Government hope," said tho representa tive of tho Government pro torn., 44 that no notion of this Houso, or of tho country, will alter the Gambling Suppression Bill. 1 havo not the slightest idea of what Mr. Hamilton's bill is. I want to see it. Why tho very production of that bill may bo tho strongest argument in favour of tho Suppression Bill passed this sossion. Tho forms of the Houso are sufficiently ample to enable us to put this bill'to tho right about if it is distasteful to ub. But wo must see what it is first." 41 But bless mo," roplied the little Btonewnller, 44 you cannot play with pitoh without getting soiled. 01», dear ! rib, dear ! ! " wiping tho tears from his pious oyes. Tho Town&villo; boy looked awfully pleased at being tho hurablo instrument in drawing tho generally nstute Colonial Secretary. Poor Horace ! When will ho learn that silenco i« golden ? Two minutes more useless utterances filled up tho timo. Tlio motion was agreed to on the voicos. But Mr. Hamilton did not introduce his bill; it was not ready. Tho Qouso therefore adjourned about 10 p.m. 