Sunday Services. \--:o: WESLEYAN CHURCHES. HOME MISSION SERMONS. I 'i'l 1t each of the Wesleyan Churches in the , townnsed district, special sermons were preached in connection with the Wesleyan home mis Ssions on Sunday last. The Rev.. R. Stewart oosupied the pulpit at the Ellenborough-street Church in the morning. In the preliminary part of the'servise the preacher referred to the massacre of missionaries in China, and said that the relatives of Hiss Gordon, one of the victims, had the deepest sympathy of that con gregation. Mr. Stewart chose as his text St. Mark xvi., 15-" And He said unto them: Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." Oh that the Master would say that again and again, said the preacher, until it should be a burden upon our hearts and minds, so that we should never forget it. When that command was uttered, Christ was giving His disciples final directions before departing from the world. The last words of great men were generally trea sured up in the minds of the survivors, and were an inspiration to those who remained be .hind.. So these parting words of the Saviour ihad been treasured on the gages of the Bible, in order that the whole qhristian Church might riad them, and be etinhlated to go forth and tell-the world that Christ had suffered to reden the people. Christ told the apostles to tarry in Jerusalem until theyshoulid be imbued ,with power from on high, in order that they Znight carry out His directions. That power came, a s" ~ in the Chuch to-d& ,.an wsus working with everywork of Gqd and with evPy worker inthe vineyard. The .Ohurch should bear in mind that it was Christ's expressed de sire and imperative command that His Church and followers should preach theGospel to every creature. He could not see how any Church which failed to do this could offer any apology. When .the Church failed to proclaim abroad the glorious Gospel, then it lost its reason Sfor existence. The message was a de finite one to the disciples to go forth ad preach, not culture, literature, science, or philosophy (there were others to teach those things), but to pproclaim the Gospel. And that same command, given to the apostles, appied to the ChristianChurch to-day. Gos pel truths might be illustrated by science, , hilosophy, and other things, but the Gospel must be the first and prominent teaching of the Chureh. The Church should go forth and poach the Gospel with some Gospel in it. toine men to-.d?y preached a Gospel, but there was no Christ sn .it, no atonement in it, no sense of sin in it. • He had no hesitation in saying that that was -not the Gospel that Paul orJohn preached; and it was not what God emimanded to be preached to a perishing world.: .The Gospel, which He commanded to be prealhet- waste one showing the characte - oldsin and iteerto heon onequsneass. showing, too, .the infnite and wondetdl love of God, the earifie-oe f o the Lord Jesus Christ for sinners, add the great'postibilities of human life when placed under the power of Jesus Christ. What a wonderful message that was, more Sglorious in the possibilities it brought before man than any other niessage. It was, more over, a joy-bringing message, and one of great importance to sinners, who were plentiful enough in the worl' A man might.preach to the sinner that there was no hereafter, or he might day to the awakenes consoience, "Never mind, God is so merciful that you cannot be lost" Universalism might be preached to asnch a soul, but that would not quiet its con seieneo or~take away its fear, norgive it peace. .Such wone wanted in know hoe his sins could be forgiven? how the uonee?uences of his sins ounld be blotted bot? ind this message just brought him that knowledge, showin to him the pathwa tothe rEss td from there to the crown. ,The message, too, showed us the mercy ot Godiand, further, it showed us what SGod thought of M1n. -God gave us one way of solvation through Jesus Christ. Some would ask-why did He do that ?. He (the preacher) could not say. Others might say God had better have offered another way of salvation. He did onee, bunt man had aileto tread that path.: He offered man salvation through obedience to His commands, but man failed, so that we can never now be saved by-our works. The Gospel had. been,- proclaimed by the apostles, and now it devolved. uponthe Church to do it. All'could preab theO ospelin some way. 'All .could do so in thelrshomes,some could go?proad to do so, and all could help to send mlissionaries as their silbstitntes. The message was to all races and to all conditions of man. it had something in it for the beggar and the king, for the ignorant and the learned. \----.Although thedoctrine of the elect remained in some people's creed even now,.he knew of no seotion of the Christian Church which at present preached it. There were men and women in the land who had not this glorious message taken to them. As a Church, the Wesleyans had been trying tosendthe message to them, and had been doing so accord ingto ithe liberality of their people. As a Church. in ,what they ad done, they would ~compare favourably wi~ath any other SChash, "but they must compare themselves with Chrint's requirements of them, they.must '·ead our duty in the light of the gracious coinmand of te.Saviour, and then they would be ashame of what they had done. As a Church,~ tahrithldrichly endowed them, and g?rhaps. their responsibilities were greater, in c..eonoseunene, than those 'of some other Churches. Christ had given them a clear knpwledge of the plan of salvation, a rich aeperienoe, and multitudes of witnesses to ell'of His glorious salvation. He trusted that thiy would measure their gifts that morning by the endowment God had given them, and then God would bless them. The Rle. T. B. Thurlow- officiated at the evening service. The preacher chose as the subject of his discourse St. Lake xxiv., 47-8-9. He observed that the subject of his address was the mission of the Church and its equipment for serviee. Some had amistaken idea of the Church, but all intelligent rcaders of the New testament would understand that the whole body of the Church on earth were those people who recolved, and lived in the full possession of, the everlasting life. That Church had to promulgate a certain doctrine contained in the text--that of repentance and the remission of sin. Some people invented a new doctrine and abused everybody else who did not preach it- they ridiculned prayer, the very first duty which Christ told His disciples to engage in. People who took up such subjects as he was preaching on were termed old-fashioned. But in teach. ing that doctrine he was in goba company. Christ set him the example, as the whole bu;den of His preaching was repentance. He (thUe preacher) could, therefore, be content te be called antiquated. Bepentance could best be deseribed by the children's hymn " Repentance is to leave the sins we loved be fore, And show that we in earnest be, By doing so no more." The source of repentance was in Jesus Christ. \- But repentance was not indigenons. It had to be planted in the human breast by the Holy Ghost. The Church was commissioned to preach a full and free pardon for all criminals who had broken God's laws. The text was a definite warrant to home and foreign missions. Alluding to the recent massacre of missionaries in China, and more particularly to Miss Gor don, he said he was sure that the bereaved mother had the sympathy and sincere prayers of that congregation. He was intensely inter estAd and delighted with the supreme confi dence with which Miss Gordon went to do her Maiter's work, as was evidenced in her letters which had been printed during the week. Rle ferring to the Home Mission Fund, he said that its object was to help weak circuits, where, otherwise, it would be impossible for ministers to remain, and to send representatives to pro Sclaim theGospel in all corners of the colony. He mentioned the need of the restraining in fluence of religion in the West, and made a ppLowerful appeal to all present to assist the • *nd" We boasted about patriotism, but the sobilestpatrlotism of to-day was that Christian ,p'triotism which sought to build its country's i? mnowrals and laws eupon'the findation of Jesus Christ. There was reason to be delighted with what had been done by the aid of the Home Mission Fund, as in nearly every part of the colony the Chureh now had home mission agents, and he could honestly and without Ilattery say that no other congregation any where did more for the fund than Ipswich did. The preacher urged the necessity ot exercising true religious influence in the home circle, and concluded by observing that prayer was the equipment for the individual and the Church enga ged in this rnoble work. 