THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FAQUS. [NOW FIRST ' PUBLISHED.]' BY EKNEST GLANVILLE. Antltor of 'Tho Lo.it Hoircss,' ' Tho IfWiiickors,' &o.;, &o.; . ikpyrioht. ..!-&? Durbfu IjWl Nntal, . in 1079 ,i»! a guy nnd ?festive i-Jw». Tho hotels wero crammed . with warriors, the lodging-houses woro stiifloil with beds almost to bursting, nud tho vory gaol was cleaned out by tho white-coated Zulu polico for tho nccommoda tion of . timid strangers. If report is to bo .credited, a very high oflioinl iudced topic Up his fenther bed, iu thnt timo of scares, mid sought Bafety every night within tho thick walls of tho prison. Young officors, camped out on tho lawn of tho Royal Hotel. All day long there was tho click of ivory balls, tho genial popping of chain paguc corks, tho clank of sixbrcs and tho jinglo of spurs. Through tho drowsy afternoons .smart, traps rolled out from tho . yard and went spinning through tho leafy roads of tho Borca, driven' by military nondescripts, with high collars and waxed moustaches. Ladies with sparkling eyes »ud hair of a palo yellow held court, and always had at beck and call a' string of gay cavaliers. Some three weeks atter IJlundi I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from Buenos Ayres was entertain ing a crowd of idlers. Ho bad a high- shouldered mustang, which ho hud brought over as a specimen of the troopers lie could supply, and was .showing tho various U»es to which his wonderful saddle coulil be put. Suspended from cither end by a lariat, it mado a serviceable hammock ; spread out it served, as a blanket or a table-cloth ; thrown over the ?boulder it becamo a cloak; folded up it was ?gain a saddle. Then he made a cast with his lasso,and swung tho bolus, a feat which ono of tho spectators \- attempted with signal disaster to his own limbs. ' Divil tako the thing,*' ho exclaimed as he endeavoured to untie himself. 'Won't someone loose mo P' Nobody did, all being too tired from laughter to help ; so ho spun himself round, and tho bolus, unwinding, dealt out hard knocks to the helpless orowd. 'It's as I towld you,' ho said, 'I'm good at this, and what » lovely weapot. t'nould prove in afoight.' skipping away from tho crowd ho droppod into a cano cbair beside mo and offered me a cigar, as though ho had kuown mo all his lifo. 'The lazy beggars,' lie said, ' they wanted stirring np, and I did it for them illigautly. I'm Captain Fogus of the ' Oirish Blower,' and am dolightcd to msko tho acquaintance of a fellow correspondent. You needn't inthroduco your self. ; I know who you are. I just inquired of the barman, and by the same token I'm dhry.' He whistled to a waiter ond called for two whiskey squashes: Captain Fagus was n good-looking fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at homo with him at once. 'I heard yo were bore mooning away liko a sick dog— excuse the simile — and I straightway came along.for companionship's a moighty foine pick-me-up. Heigho ! It's meself that's in ? need of brightening.' '?? Ho did not look it. In fact ho winked at a ...pretty coolio girl who went by with a dish of \ 'pine-apples. I remarked that he seemed cheerful *»«mragn. , . ..'-? -^ — . — .c . ? -'?.«?'?.. ?y':'1 ? ?' ?? Appearances aro deceptive. What ud ye ; think if I towld yoz I was in lovo?' He looked -„ at mo seriously. ' Ay, that's tUe truth. It's love that's killing me, with nil it's distressful circumstances. But bow was it with you in the ?'.;' war P Business first an' pleasure after.' ; ' We fell into n talk about the advance of ,,'?? Ulundi, and ho let mo into somo uacrets of the i '.'.making of reputatious. , V ' i 'I was with the crawling column on the coast, ..-' but, had luck to it, tho divil a chance had I to . distinguish myself ; but I tell you I made the ??„ best of my opportunities.' . ' How was tuat ?' . « D'yo see, it was this wuy. I wrote scrappy paragraphs for tho Service papors, and always , ': bound the editor iu return to say something civil about myself. Something liko this : * Wo are glad to hear from Captain Fajjus, that smart correspondent, that tho men in Zululnnd.nre in good health and spirits.' Or this : ' Wo hear from Captain Kogus, that excellent war corres ;poudeut, etc.' I would also write letters to the ? Times,' with my full signature and descrip tion.' ' And how did that help ?'' ' How, indeed p Excuse rue, but you aro young. Why, people would say : ' Who, in thunder, is Captain Fagus ?' and, maybe, some clever knowall would reply : 'Oh! dontcherknow he's the famous correspondent for tho ' Oirish Blower.' ' Get yourself talked about, mo bhoy, and your fame is made, and if no one else will do that servico for you, do it yourself — often.' ' That's simple, isn't it ?' 'Maybe. But it requires judgment, tact, and the help ov an incident now and again. Thcro me luck deserted me. What I wanted was an opportunity to win the V.C. ; just one — and believe me, no one gave mo the ghost of a chance. At Ginginhlovo I was burning to make a bould sortie from tho laager and rescue some wounded soldiers, but hang mo for a Fayninn if one nd expose himself. No, sir — and that's the truth.' So he rattled on until he exhausted the war and got down to the record of town life, when he returned to his love affair. ' I'm. in lnvo ; and it's deuced awkward that tho complaint should come on me when I'm about leaving for the ould counthry. I'm just bursting to contldo in some one. I'll tell you nil — I will so. I met her at the table d'hoto at 'the inn down tho street. Dark eycs.black hair, and ruby lips — the sweetest girl on earth. I surrendered at discretion — horse, foot, and Brtillery !' ? 'But she does not reciprocate ?' ' Think she does.' , ' Then why these tears.' 'I'll tell yo, if ye'll give me a chance to get a ? word in. Yo Hue— though I say it meself— me .family in Oirelund is the llrst in the land, with ' morp prjdo than acres. Tho question iB, ? Can I tuko her to my ancestral homo p' Tell mo that now.' 'I'm not competent to judge, not having seen ? th- l»dy'and your ancestral homo.' 11 True for you ; but that's easy remedied. You know me, I represent mo family. Come and dine with me mid you'll know her.' I. weut off readily,hei\rtily enjoying tho situa tion, and he, delighted to find a listener, fairly bubbled over with jovial confidences. The long table iu the comfortable inn was erowdud with a tniscellancouH company— stolid Dutch farmers, cute speculuturs, nriuy contrac tors, and two ladies. Xne Unptain sat oppositu the latter, and kept up a running lire of florid compliments, directed at the younger lndy, who had a certain bold beauty. ? After dinner we smoked at our easo under a trailing vine. 'Now, you cowld- blooded Saxon, say quickly what you think of her or I'll strunglo you.' 'Sho is n very charming i;irl, if I may say eo.' ' Thanks. I knew you'd asree with mo. But Bay now, didn't you remark cho wua a thriflo weak in her grammar P Clips her e'b, you understand, and doesn't do her duty by thu aspirates.' '?Those a*o trilling blemishes from n pretty mouth.' ' They would never bo overlooked at my an cestral home,' bo replied rjloouiily. ' Now I'll tell you my plun. I vo drawn upi&u; ultimatum.' »' A what P' ' An 'ultimatum.' Ho dtaw a sheet of fonlscap from nn ofllcinl tnvnlopb with a. most liuribuaair. ' No« you listen to this. I flutter myeolf it's neat :--&/ ' DfiTr Sir— (that's her father)— Deur Sir : Al voilro doubtless r.v.ure, I am ardently in lore wliu your charming daughter, mid it is tho WMhoSSnylieartthatthuiiliolildbccomomywilo. My fipy is tho okloat and tho proudest in IrebJi and my wife mud have no defects. My Iwifflt your daughter docs not blind mti to tun ' fiot^it her education has not been without its der«]ii— defectr. which are iucx.casM'lo in this ♦eufflfcdy. ' Shohaii a ieuMuisy to dlrop her '''^P'''*qnd aud u' eWrcin «Mclhct- My family could fonjivo :iny|.liiii(; Iih1, ihnfc. Now, my ilcnr mr. I wmiM wsp-el fully lint urgently praposti Hint y.mr dnnjjlitnr iilmul.l tin llaeiMl al, uncn in nil tittiihliKlmii'iit fur yuuii't Indies, where nhu would Im purfuctod in llm olegnnt use nf liuf mother lougiut. ami Ililwl {or Iho high honour of n union with my family. — Boliuvo mo to bo, kc, kc.' 'You surely do not intend to nrinl that extra ordinary document to hur father ?'' ' That's my intention. It's only dun to me family.' ' Well, then, sond it in, and proparo to leave tho, country in rt hurry.' 'D'yo think he'll tako offonce ? But think of tho honour of on allinnco with tho oulflest fnmily in Oireland. -I'll chhneo it, unyhow.' I left soon after f of MaritaburR, nnd rotiirning at thfvend of aweok, I fouud'tho Kiillnnt ; Captain Boated on a log, thu interested spectator of a duel botween Indian camccocltB, both .ntined with murderous Wades. Their shackles stood out liko.enormoue ruffle.', tho long tail feathers drooped, and the gleaming.eycs flushed like flro under the ilerco excitemont of tho buttle. They .mottogothor in 'mid-Mr, thero wns a Bcattomig of fottthors, a fierco thrust homo, and ono of tho gallant littlo birds was stretched out on ais back. His ownor,nn excitod coolio, picked him up, thrust a finger into tho gaping wouud, stitched the ands. together,' and plnced tha bird aside, where it staggered to its foot, weak but valiant. 'Hero yo see tboepitomoof war,' said Fngus.. .' Theso birds have no real cauao' for enmity, they havo no .feathered harems to defend, or stores nf golden grain, yet at command they rush w uutfi-iu. uj)uii ^iiiu. -vuru wuun ju nuu liiu trngcdyof glorious war playqd put in a cockpit it makes you weop.' His merriment of a few dayB back had given tray to a fit of moralising. ' How wns it with the ultimatum ?' I askod ' Och, bad luck to it !' ' It djd not nnswer,.then ?' 'It did not. The other, contending Power did not receive it iu a proper spirit.' ' Tho father declared war p I told you so.' ' Did you, then ? I would not have crodited you with so much sense. He declared wnr to tbe cnifo. Turned out Iris light envalry from the kennels, cnlled out, his iiifuntry in tho person of a ferocious Zulu stable-boy, nnd came out him self with a fearful implement — they call it a sjamhok. I execoted^a masterly retreat, leaving a portion of my rearguard in tho mouth of thu cavalry.' 'I can't say I'm sorry for you. Young ladies nr.c not to ho won by ultimatums.' ' And mo n member of ono of the mildest families in Oireland,' ho exclaimed tragically. ' Oh, now, that father was unreasonable He said he wanted no one to offer him impertinent advico about his daughter's education, and be had tbe, blessed impudence to curse me and my ancestral home, 'l'was then tho war broke out, nnd my partiality for bantums and ripe lips received a cruel blow. See that pool of foul water on tho flat P Well, I went straight off there to drown meself and me sorrows ; but thcro was a prior claimant in the shape of a poor divil of a bloated dog, and so I thought better of it and drowned the ultimatum instead.' [The End.] 