SOME CORNISH SUPER STITIONS. ? ? (The Speaker.) The School Board has long had its heavy hand upon Cornwall : arousing in the masses an unwholesome dread of vulgarity which is recognised in the use of such words as ' convenience ' (a local version of conveyance) instead of cab, or 'bus, or waggonette. Much that was characteristic has already disappeared ; but the superstitions of a people are not to be eradicated in a single generation, and one can hardly imagine a Gornishman appearing at a dinner of the facetious gentlemen who form the Thirteen Club. Only a week or two ago a lady who was accustomed to do a deal of visit ing among the poor, went to a house in the very midst of the busiest town iu the county. There was trouble there : a child had died but a day or two previously, and another lay ill. As she reached the door a cat went past her into the house, and the lady noticed that a big piece of black cashmere had been tied around its neck. Entering, she in quired the reason of this. ' Aw,' said the woman, ' I put that there as soon as the child was gone. The neighbours told me the cat would begin to waste away, and then die, if I didn't do it ; and I couldn' afford to lose she.' This is particularly interest ing inasmuch as it throws some light upon the ' reasons ' inspiring one or two other curious customs of the same kind. Everywhere it is customary to tell the bees when there is a death in the house ; but in Cornwall it is sometimes deemed necessary to hang bits of crape upon the hives. Some times bird-fanciers decorate the cages of their canaries in the same way under the same circumstances ; while Mr. Borlase speaks of the same cus tom [in connection with the window plants which abound in Cornish cot tages. The three instances seem to suggest that in certain cases the wear ing of mourning for the dead may have been not altogether (perhaps not at all) a token of grief, but rather a sort of reminder to the Angel of Death that lie had smitten ouce, and, in common fairness, should go else where to smite again. Encore Jc choses yaies '. To this day it is a sure sign that the sick man is close upon death if you see the window of his room opened. This is done to give his escaping soul an easy access to the skies. For it would seem that to these people the soul is altogether a material thing. A little while ago someone lay seriously ill in a big house which again stood in the centre of a busy town. There came a day when his case was critical, and the doctors hardly left the house. And then it was that the cook, a curiously excellent example of Board School 'culture was found in her kitchen with the door securely locked upon the inside. She could scarcely be induced to open the door ; when she had done so, a rigid crossexam ination revealed the fact that she had made up her mind that the patient was on the point of dying, and had shut her door to keep the ghost out. It was pointed out to her that even if there had been reason to believe that this particular ghost would be dread ful, the shutting of a door would be but small protection. But people don't think when their superstitions are aroused. Some of the old customs as they now exist would appear to be but shadows of their former selves. For instance, the wells to which people used to resort for the cure of divers diseases are still visited, and, if one may judge from the condition of the wells, the visitors still leave bits of rag behind them on the surrounding twigs. But it would be hard to assure oneself that they who do this really believe that with the rags they are leaving the maladies from which they suffer. But the belief in the evil eye seems to exist in quite a robust state. Cases still come into the police-courts : usually of assaults committed by a rustic upon the person of some man or woman whom he believes to have ill-wished himself or his pigs. But a more elaborate story came to light the other day. In one of two semi-detached cottages in a small village among the mines there lived an oldish woman who had taken a strong dislike to her neighbour, the wife of a miner. The miner's wife, said sympathetic rumour, ? was a peaceful and respectful woman ; she ' had trouble to live,' because of the persecutions and vilifications of her neighbour. Finally she became a ' bed-lier.' People often do become bed-liers in Cornwall if they happen to be tired, and yet are unable to con tract any of the diseases commonly recognised by the medical profession : there is hardly a village but can pro duce someone who has proved through twenty years it may be, how delight fully the wind is tempered to the lamb thus shorn of the ordinary responsi bilities of life! But the miner's wife was most unwilling to do thus, having a husband and a family to look after. After some years the neighbour left : the miner's wife continued to lie a-bed. Then, for some reason or other (' Providence, perhaps I' said a de lightful old Cornish woman, whom I chanced to hear discoursing on the subject), masons came to the next house and tore out the fireplace. Somewhere at the back they dis covered some bottles filled with filthy liquid, and holding a number of pins. These they smashed, and then — it is impossible to discover how soon, or at whose suggestion — the bed-lier dis covered that her strength had come back to her. For the first time in seven long years she arose and dressed herself ; the neighbours were soon as sembled, and, for their delectation, she ' danced like a girl ' in the tatey ground, loudly declaring that she had been 'bottJed-up' all these years of her sickness by her former neighbour. When her husband came home from his work at the mine, he was amazed to find her standing. in the doorway to welcome him. It is said that there was a young man of the village, him self unfortunately a bed-lier, who, when he heard the story, became con vinced that he also was laid aside be cause he hod been bottled up. One would like to be able to say that his friends straightway organised a search for bottles; they might have made sure of finding them, had they taken proper precautions, and bed-lying is the sort of complaint which ought to be peculiarly susceptible to the faith cure. It would only be possible — certainly it would only be tolerated — among an imaginative people. Finally, a couple of superstitions shall be quoted whose origin seems inexplicable enough. Nowadays people in the West if you remind them of the fact, will bear witness that their parents believed all such black berries as became ripe after the 29th September to be inhabited of the devil, and so unfit for food. Probably, however, there are few re maining whom the knowledge of this tradition restrains from picking the fruit for just so long as it appears to be in good condition. But about 15 years ago these was a countrywoman (still li%Ting, I believe) who did an ex cellent business in blackberries every autumn, and could by no means be induced to supply customers after the date named even though they assured her they would take all the risk on themselves. Now the superstition which will persuade people to sacrifice hard cash must be very much alive. The other instance is of no earlier date than the present year of grace. It happened that a certain lady and her husband were away from home on that day. After they had come back, one of the servants exclaimed to her mistress, 'Aw, missus, I'm fine an' glad you was away Thursday.' ' Why ?' said the mistress. ' Why, if you'd been home we should surely have had some of the windows open, and 'tis a fact well-known that if you do open the windows on the 1st o' March the house will be full of fleas for the rest of the year.' This girl also had passed through the very ex cellent board school of the town. Even now a postcript is necessary. You must not cut the nails of a new born babe for a long time after its birth, or it will become a thief. A child must not be weighed before it is a year old, or it will die : so said some farm labourers a few years ago, en deavouring to account for the death of the master's child, and reminding the hearer of the prohibition against the census in Israel. Neither must a woman who is about to become a mother let herself be weighed ; or, when the child has been boru, look at the mirror. And now for the most gruesome of the collection. An ' ' evil1 ' is a gathering in the neck. The cure for it was to pass the finger of a dead man (or of a dead woman, if the patient were a man) over the place affected. Then the diseased spot was touched with a handkerchief, and this the patient dropped into the grave when the corpse came to be buried. As the kerchief rotted and decayed, the ' evil ' disappeared. The placid old lady who had known this horrible ceremonial practised remembered also that ' fifty years ago ' her father had been unable to go out in a St. Ives fishing-boat for the simple reason that he wore a beard, and that beards were unlucky. 