CURIRENT NEWS, Pipe laying for the water supply is being vigorously carried on at Armidale. The Mikado has decided to issue a war watch in Jieu of a medal to his victorious troops. Last year £20,000 worth of gold was obtained from the mines at Drake, near Ten terfield. The amount of money annually sent up the chimneys of open stoves in Great Britain, and wasted in spoiling the air with smoke, exceeds 0,000,000 sterling. Last week definite stops were taken to wards the formation of a Chamber of Conm merce at Grafton A committee has been appointed to siraft rules. The congregation at St. Andrew's Church has applied to the Hunter Presbytery for moderation in a call to a colleague and sue cessor to the Rev. T. A. Gordon. The Rev. Canon Goddard, of St. James' Ohurch, Morpeth, has been nominated to fill the incumbency of All Saints', Peterham, vagant by the resignation of the Rev. C. Baber. At a meeting of the Wickham branch of the Labour lleotoral League on Thursday night, a motion was passed agreeing with the vote which the Labour party had given on the censure motion. At a meeting of the miners employed at the Metropolitan, held at Helensburg a few nights ago, some 95 voted against any re duction being accepted, and four voted for a penny reduction on pillar work. Although it is seven years since the Dog Act was extended to the farming district of Milton, its provisions have not been enforced until now. The result is that 32 settlers, residing in outlying parts, have been fined 10s each for keeping unregistered dogs. Popular Australian superstitions :-8nakes don't die till sunset. It is always the night shift that strikes the reef with rich patches in it. A horse with three white feet can't win a race. Cattle on a camp see ghosts. To find a corpse in the bush is a sign of violent death for the finder. It is now computed that on a general average no less than 8000 persons disannear yearly in various parts of the British Empire, and are never soon orheard of again. This makes no allowance for the class whose disappearances pass unnoliced because they have no friends; it deale only with people who vanish from their homes, and are sought after more or less diligently, yet concerning whom neither a footprint, nor an echo, nor a conjecture is ever found. Mr. W. T. Dick, M.P., has received the following letter from the Secretary to the Ralway Department :-" Sir,--I am direoted to acknowledge your letter of 28th instant relative to the condition of the roadway lead ing from the timber wharf, N~ewcastle. The matter was looked upon as one for the Depart. ment of Works; but as they considered it is a matter for the Commissioners to look into, this will at once be done, and an estimate called for the cost of the repairs ,ecessary." A large congregation assembled in the Pro Cathedral last evening, when the Bishop of Newcastle preached. The choir sang as an anthem, " As pants the hart for cooling streams," taken from the 42nd Psalm, Mrs. W. P. Lanoe singing the short solo part very effectively. The service was conducted by the Very Rev. Dean Silwyn, assisted by the Rev. 8. C. J.. Grime, and the Bishop took for his text the 7th verse of the second Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy,,'' For Gd hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love, and of a sound mind." A horrible discovery was mnade in the Broken Bill Proprietary mine on Friday, when the body of the second violim of the crep on 9th January last year was brought tolight The deceased's name was Robert Riohardson, he, in company with Alfred Jones, having been buried by a fall of rook at Binney's quarry on the date mentioned. The body of Jones was found two days later, but all efforts to find that of Richardson failed, and eventually work in that direction was prohibited by the Government mining inspector as dangerous. The body had evi dently been ground into two pieces by two boulders at the time of the accidelt. Nothing but patches of clothing and bones, which were in many cases broken and crshed, remained. Speaking in Sydney "on the subject of "The anglie u Church and Roman Claims," the Venerable Dean Stretoh, of Ballarat, said Rome was direotly answerable for nearly every sclhism that had wrecked the Church of Christ. Much was said about the progress of the Roman Church in England, yet in their own books it was reckoned that during the last 30 years that church had lost a million, while conversions only amounted to a fraotion of a convert per priest during the century. Statistics did not, on the other hand, show that the, Anglican Church was losing ground. In conolusion, he urged Anglicans to insist on the continuity of their Church, not to waste time over further re union proposals, leaving God to bring re union about in the right time; to be true to their own church; not to ape the Roman ritual, because the English ritual was beauti ful enough, not so fussy and more real; and. to look forward to a grand future, The metropolitan jury courts commene to-day, and 116 eases are listed for trial. To date this season 208,724 bushels of maize have been shipped from the Clarence to Sydney. The southern coal trade was dulllast week, few of the collieries having worked more than half time. A Masonio social is to he held in Stoker's hall, Lambtou, to.night, to celebrate the installation of officers of the Lodge Friend ship, No. 158. Edward Fallon, a farmer, resident at Murrumburrah for over 30 years, swallowed strychnine on Saturday morning. It is sup- posed to be a case of suicide. Two drunks (5s or 24 hours), a thief (three months' hard labour), and the grant ing of a hawker's license filled the bid at the Newcasdle Police Court on Saturday. The Lambton Council have accepted the tender of Mir. Alfred 7erris for the erection of a double flue brisk chimlney, 45ft high, at the electric light works. The amount is £11 for labour only. Tenders are now being in vited for the supply of bricks and sand. As was to be expected, the proposed repeal of duties on certain articles has told un favourably on the Oustoms receipts, the figures of the past month comparing un favourably with these of May last year, the monthly comparison being the first un favourable one for some considerable time past. An extraordinary occurrence took place re cently at one of the local Government work shops. A shilling was picked up by a visitor on the floor of the shop, and although the finder energetically worked to find the owner the coin was not claimed. This is all the more unaccountable as it was the day before the usual monthly pay. Mr. T. A. Brale, articled clerk to Mr. H. J. Brown, solicitor, has passed three parts of his final examination in law very satisfac torily. This younggentlemanhas studiedhard, anditishighly creditable to himand fr. Brown that he, haviog yet nine months to go to complete his arriule., has been able to get to this imporrant staige so long in advance of the time allotted. During the progress of a football match at Dubbo two players collided, with the result that Joseph Guidice, a youth of 18, was severely injured. He was removed to the Prince Altred Hospital'i, Sydney, but the doctors refused to perform an operation, stating tht t he youthb's neck was broken. Paralysis has now sec in and the young man is gradually sinkiug. At the request of the Mayor, the police have recently been engaged in a crusade against stray mongr.'ls. As usual, all the unlikely loosing animals have been destroyed, but among those captured several of more aristocratic breed have been kept, and now await owners. There are some seven or eight retained, and pereons interested are in vited to call at the lockup. Although no special efftrt was made to keep the lines clear for the purpose, the mes sage announcing the result of ti:e English Derby reached Australia in record time. Allowing ftr the differ nce in time between England and Australia, it took only one hour and six minutes to transmit the message from. London to the Melbourne arous office, the' last section of the distance, viz., from Port' Darwin to Victoria, being covered in two minutes. The death is announced from Sydney of. Captain George Braithwaite at the age of 67. For many years the deceased was the master of the Presbyterian mit-ionary vessel, the Dayspring, having joined the society in 1873, and held command up to 1890, when the Dayspring changed hands and other arrange monts made by the Pre -byterian Society to conduct their mis.ionary enterprises in the New Hebrides. Prior to this Captain Braithwaite was in command of one of the Panama Company's steamers, In connection with the honour of knight- ' hood conferred upon Mr. HIenry Irving, the, great E?l.glish actor, many Ausitralan papers' have been elaborately explaining that the distinction recently awarded will apply to the gentleman in question under his ' real" and not his stage name. It is perfectly true that Mr. Irving was born to the ognomen of Broadrib, but this he subsequently changed and registered, and the name by which he is now known is legally his. Thus it may be expected that he will be called Sir Henry Irving. In consequence of the time of Mr.'Justioc Windeyer and eir. Justice Simpson having been taken up in Divorce jurisdiction last week, the only Judges available for sittings. in Banco were the Jhief Justice and Mr. Justice Innis, who, although they were able to get rid of a numoer of minor appeals, were compelled to postpone those in which the issues were too important to be decided by two Judges. Thus, six new trial motions go. over to the next Term, commencing on the 22nd July, also several casesa under the Crown Lands Act and one District Court appeal. 3evcral matters, too, were allowed to stand over by consenit. On Baturday evening six members of thIe Adamstown School of ar.s journeyed toMere' wether and played a like number of the members of the local institute a friendly game of draughts. Much mtereet was taken in the game. The following gentlemen were drawn against each other, with the results mntioned: -)-D. King (Adamstown), 1 game; RIobert Thomson (Merewether), 2 games; J. Cook (.), 0; W. pEgan m ), 2 and 1 drawn; W. Morgani (a), 4; H. Ruosenthai (M), 1 and t drawn; J Rliotheram (A), 0; T. W. Hetherngton (CM), 4; J. Freeman (a), 3; .. Laing (d), 3; J3. Blaikmore (A), 2; J. Caesles (1), 3 and 1 drawn. Tne total icores were;-Adame town, 10; Merewether, 16 It was ar ranged to play a return game at an early date. Constable Robertson, had a lively time at. Surry Hills, Sydney, early on Saturday morning Bhortly after midnight he saw three men evidently attempting to open the. door or a hotl The men, seeing they had been observed, took to their heels, and, fol. lowed by the policeman, made into to a Isne way. There they entered a house, and one of them shortly afterwards appeared on the balcony, and in addition to using bad. language commenced throwing household. articles at the constable. The officer atr last entered the premises, and whilt escortimg a man out under arreot, was struck on the head with a watr jug, and sustained:a severe wound. snother constable arrived, and the officers arrested a man and woman, but not befoto Roberson had a wash basin cracked over his head. The accused, Wthiam andl Meaud Abrahams, were brought before the Water Police Court, and fined. An important case, interesting to olub members, came before the Full Court last week. It appears thai the plaintiff in Elliott v. Bourne and others had issued a writ under the provisions of the absent Defendants Act against defendalnts, alleging "that they were aeind as agents for a cer tain co-partnership now and lately carrying on business under the style and title of the 'Balmain Working Men's Rowing COmbs,' who are sued as asuch agents for and on. behalf of such co.partnerchip, the names of the aotual members being to the plaintifl unknown." Hie sued to recover the sum of £70 advanced by him on account of the olub's' overdrawn account, and defendants sought to have the writ set aside on the ground mainly that the club was not a business co-partner. ship within the meaning of the Absent Defendants Act. The Court upheld this view, and pointed out that cl,,ba formed for cricket, rasing, rowing, and othier pastimes, or for social purposes, could not be called oo parmtnerships for purposes of business.. The . committee of such clubs were supplied with funds by the members, annd they might be.' liable, but not the members, who were simply a number of individuals who met" together for reoreation and amusement. St. Luke's Uhurch social, Walisend, has, been postponed until Thursday next. The Juno number of the Newcastle and.: Maitland Monthly Pocket: Disary, revisedk t, date, has been issued.. 