SATURDAY POPS. It looks as if the Chinese were about driven to the wall. I The average specimen of the dow woman is an old one, When a man is resigned to fate, fate usually accepts tho resignation. If the new woman does not talk at whist, she will be a new woman. The horso is supposed to bo man'a best friend, unless he happens to bet on him in a race. Tlio'tide taken' nfc tho flood only bears a man on to fortune when he is smart enough to walk ashore before it can take him back. Father (impressivly) : 'Suppose I should be taken away suddenly, what would become of you, my boy?' Irreverent Son : I'd stay here. Tho question is, what would become of you?'. 'This maybe justice,' said tho man who read the Toohey-7Vtt//j caso through, ; i 1 but it strikes me as being a pretty fishy verdict.' ' That shows that it is ; 1 justice,' retorted his companion. ? One ?- of the most conspicuous features of Jus- ?'??if tice is her scales.' : v ' Young woman,' said Ethel's father, ' I am going to take some of the non sense out of you.' ' Of course, father,' she replied, dutifully, ' that is as you ^ wish. But I should have thought /ou had enough of your own.' Daughter: 'Did you find out what it ' was that papa cut ? out of the paper.?' Mother : ' Yes, I bought an other copy . I've read it all throujgh, but I can't see anything wrong about it. It's an article on the healthfulnoss of housework. ' - , In a Western court, not long ago, a tiresome lawyer had been trying for more than two hours to impress upon the jury the facts of the case, as they ap peared to him. At last lie glanced at his watcb, and turning to the judge, ?') asked : ' Had we better adjourn for dinner, or shall I keep right on ?' , ' Oh, you keep on,' answered the judge: ' keep right on, and we will go to dinner,' ;f A reckless man left an npple in a bag ; ' on his desk m a room where several people sit. An office boy ' peeped' into the bag, hovered longingly around it, ' finally brought another boy around to share the temptation, asked if anybody . ; owned the apple, and then assured that j the applo belonged to nobody in tho !' world, promptly fell. : There seems to bo something in tho theory that crime, like misery, loves company, - for the youngster divided tho apple with the other boy, making him party to the theft. Not content with this, he placed a piece of coal in tho paper, closed the top, ! ?' and replaced the bag on the desk. } The rightful- owner of the apple came in a moment later, and seeing tho office- t ' boy and the bag containing the apple, as he supposed, he picked up tho latter and held it out. ( ' Hero's an applo I saved for you,' ho - 1 1 said, and he handed over the bag to the boy. Honesty is the — but everybody knows i-' - what it is, and that office-boy looked truly consoicnce- striekcn tb'at he had \ divided tho apple when lie might have ' had it all! !? A few aphorisms expressive of death nhioh will be of great use in nowspaper offices: * The spiritualist — ' Gave up tho ghost.' The shoemaker — ' Breathed his last.' Tho Scrubwoman—' Kicked tho buc ket.' r Tho elog-dancer — ' Shuffled off this mortal coil,' Tho ballot-dancer — ' Turned up lief toes.' , ' Tho waiter — 'Handed in his checks.' Tho real estate agont — ' Has gone to a J better land,' Tho actor — ' Made his final exit.' Tho lamplighter—' Lit ©ut.' ? k Tho onion eater — ? Gave up his breath.' The soldier — ' Joined the grand army.' Tho incendiary — 'Gone home to roast.' The foot-ball player — 'Kicked out.' Tho printer — ' Had his form locked up.' Tho explorer — ' Went to tho undis covered land.' Tho gunsmith — ' Went off.' Tho cook — ' Panned out.' The snilor — ' Has gone aloft.' The mathematican — ' Uas crosscd the divide.' The poulterer — ' Lnid to rc3t.' The bank cashier — ' Has crossed the border.' Tho watchmaker — 'His timo was up.' The dude — ' Puffed out.' Tho tailor — ' His goose was cooked.' The tobacconist — ' Snuffed out.' The sea captain — ' Crossed the Jor dan.' The bleached blonde — ' Dyrd.' Tho reporter — ' His last assignment.' Tho editor — ' Deleted.' 