Sfrange Relribiilioii. ' ' -- -t '-'..il'-Or -v.- oiiatob mi.'-' One euniiy morning tho Whito Cloud, S" la'ipn .wil'ii n full conjplomont of pns- aonfrors, trippod horanohor ahd bade \- a short fnrowoll to old England ; Ibiit ; littlo of tlio pasaongore did nnyono boo for days, savo tlid Doautiful foreigner who had como on board with Captain Manners, and but for that was quite alone, and tho oldest " Bait " on board was not more froo from son-sickness i.li An i.hiH n-irt. About lior thoro was, as tlio captain bad foreseen, a groat deal of curiosity, .and, on the ladies' part, some sliyifss, though she mixod with them" 'litfle, ' but with tho grnooful onso of ono ao- ; . customed to society, and that tho grncn- . .7 fill frnodom of foroign society'; but, on tlio whole sho hold aloof, and was ah- : ; sql'utoly reticent about herself in ovory , i ,>vay.< The youngor men on board would fain hnvo passed nil tlio time A'-'vwitli'.' so boautiful and fascinating a compauion; but savo whon business v nindo itn disagrooablo necossity, Mario Cadollo was n stranger to coquetry and flirting, and tho most censorious of tho ladifs could not charge her with tlio .ghost-qf either ; which fact hardly, the i Indies thought, ngrood with their pr o- vailing opinion that sho whb a French notroHB going out on somo ongngoinont. . Howovor, at last one lndy, goaded by .'....-Viifh'defQnt wliioh ovory Bido attnok had ntat with, laid lanco in rost boldly \- against Captain Jack Manners shortly '' after thoy lind run fairly out into tho long, h envy swell of tho Atlantio. ' That handsome foroign chnrgo of . yours, captain, may. boar a French namo, but I'm sure she's an Italian. What on oarth is she?' sho added, . laughingly. 'Is she an actress' or eingor? Sho soems woll off, sooms to havo travelled so muoh for one so young, and yot going out to Now : \ York alone! Odd that her pnronts or frionds should send her so ' Tho skipper's blue oyoB twinklod as ho said ! ; 'Is it; my dear Mrs. Gronfell ? "Who 'sent her, or for what, is hor own affair, ,'of oonrso ; but she's no adventuress, or " shy " foreigner, for I can toll you —and sho would say as muoh horsolf — that Bhe is one of tho diplomatic corps of a certain influential foroign Q-overn- mont.' 'Eeally! You don't say so. How very extraordinary 1' oxolaimed tho dady, all in "onps," and staring at tho .police agent's graceful form in the distanoo ab if she wore Bomo new and . . . ourious speoimou of tho genus Homo, and th'on-sho hastily botook horsolf to \--V the; saloon to repeat hor disoovery, while Captain Jaok Manners took him-; self off to his young favourito to toll 'her the joko, for while ho was ignorant .of the truth, ho know that what sho had told him was a put-off, though . how wido of the mark ho know not. 'Ah,' she said, laughing softly, ' tlioro is nothing liko a magnifying- glass somotiraes — metaphorically.' 'Pulling a long bow,'- said Captain- Manners, giving tho horizon a sweep round with . his glass. 'Somo folks -'. oall it wicked.' . ' I do not,' answorod the agent, coolly. ' Do you ?' ' No, my dear ; especially,' snid tho sailor, gallantly, ' whon it comes from a pretty woman. By tho. way;, talk- ing o'f yoursolf, child, have you thought what to do whon wo land? V, Thoy won't take you at an hotel alono.' ' I know !' ' she shrugged her shoul- ' dors. ' ' A most absurd rule; and ; hoarding - houso rules and prying curiosity would novor suit my movo- V. ; "ments. I'must got a privato lodging, . 'as.tho hotols aro barred.' " 'Not barred,' said tho captain, aftor a moment's hesitation, ' if you do not : mind going. with mo, my dohr. You . can bo my ward, as, indood, I consider vyoii out and homo.' , 'Homo! Thoro was none for hor. ' ' How ;kiud — how good you are,' sho snid, with tonrs in her dark oyes ; V j;; 'but how can I' so trespass on you, nhd 'you do not ovou know what I. ' am !' : . - '.It is nothing to mo,' child. You ' ;aro'a young thing, and .friendless — . j ..that's enough for Jnok Mannors. So,' ;-! ..whatever Mrs. Grundy may think, ';., wo'll .consider that matter settled.' Nor would ho listen to any romon- . v; stranco. .'A few more days and tho Whito Cloud dropped hor anchor off Now v ; ' York. - ' Captain Mannors could not loavo tho . ship till near evening j so, promising to return to him thoro, Mario Cadollo wont ashore nt onco, and drovo to tho Fronoli Consulate, to soo if by any cbanoo thoro was any answer to hor . 'advortisomonts. No, none, neither . : personally nor bylottor; but this in no way daunted tho agont. She had oxpoctod nothing, and could do.-.nothiug nlono, savo to advortiso in ovory, paper, groat and small, and by handbills posted near tlio quays. All this sho did, and then could ouly wait \--that hardest thiDg of all to nn active brain. Not that tho timo huug hoa- vily, for a girl liko Mario found plonty to soo and do amongst pooplo and in a great city to which sho was quite . ' new. And iu the ovonings Cnptaiu Man- nors was with hor. So tho timo passed till within a few days of that on which the Whito Cloud wub to sail. Marie Oadelle had turned into a cafe, and was still looking down tho columns of tho Now York Herald, and . was rather amused by tho oross tongues around hor, whon sho caught a few words from a table behind hor, uttered in tlio true American nasal drawl. ' Yes. Odd advertisement. Soo it this morning. Wo only dockod last night. Guess I can toll ' The Babel of tongues lost her the rest, but her heart boat fast for a mo ment, as she turned to look nt tho speaker — a man near fifty, - certainly, . -and Boafaring, too, by his dress and J rivbn'thcrbnnfbu ." appoarnnco.- Mnrio qrtiotly stopped norbss, nnd touohod 'tho'man on the shoulder, sanrooly ablo to repress a smile at his start and stnro of siirpriso. ' Pardon me, gontlomon, for tho in terruption. Monsieur, a word with you, ploaso.' Under all the oourtosy there was a' quiet authority that seemed rather to command than to ontront, but thore was littlo .likelihood of hor encounter ing n refusal from nn American, though tho light, imperative touch on his shouldor was rather liko tho old and too fatuous 'By order .of tho King.' A lady's oommand is law,' said he, rising at onco. Pausing hesido hor own tablo, tho agont pointed to tho ndvortisomont in tho Now York Herald. 'I hoard ynu alludo to that,' sho said; 'if you know anything in roforonoo to it, I can savo you amy troublo o'ithor about giving information or gotting tho rownrd offered.- I nm tho ndvortisor.' 'You aro? Wal, that's luolcy,' said tho man ; ' but it's not muoh I can toll. Only that just nt that date, and in that latitude. ' touching tho paper, tlio John Tuokor, hound from Liver pool to Now York City, of wliioh I was inato, picked up a young lady, holding on to a lug hencoop wliioh flontod hor. Poor tiling sho was nearly gone, for it turned out that sho had boon twonty-four hours in tho soo. ,Sho'd boon washed overboard in a gale, and somoono hovo over tho coop ; but it struck hor and stunned hor a bit, bo that, ye boo, slio sank and riz liko a dead body. Tlio coop bobblod up ngainst hor, and sho clung on, and somohow twisted hor skirt in it, and so sho floated till by good luck wo found bor — saved by a miraole, I say. She'd ha' boon dead in a few more hours.' ' Sho was alivo, then ?' said the Parisionno, and tho Blight tablo shook undor tho hand sho rested on it. 1 Not drownod ?' ' Not thon, ma'am, whatevor may be since. We landed hor bore as alive as you are.' ' What was hor name and the ship from whioh sho had fallen ?' Can't say, ma'am 1 Mind you, I think thoro was something altogether ugly about hor, for sho wouldn't tell hor namo or ono thing — not one — about horsolf. "She'd nobody that cared!" sho said; but I hoard her mutter that " Fortune had favoured her so far." ' Ha! Are you sure of that?' said; Mario, with an : absolute flash in her eves. ' -' 'Positive, Suro.' ; 'And you know nothing moire ''of; lior, friend ?.'. . - "i 'Not one thing after she walked off. the John Tucker's gangway on to tho quay. . Sho may bo" living still, or dead,- but she was not drowned in tlio Atlantio.' Mnrio drew along, deep breath, and: then: sho said : 1 Thank you vory tnueh. You have given mo the vory information .which l oans thousands of miles to obtain. Accept a trifling acknowledgment of; my obligation, monsieur.' Shaking hands with him, she left a good English fivo-pound note in his. loan brown palm, nnd with a courteous how sho loft tho enfo. But that ovoning sho only told Captain Jack that sho had got all she had como out for, and that sho was going baok with him. ' I'm more glad than I can say,' said the skipper. ' I don't think, my donr, that I could havo sailed and loft you behind.' And throo days from that the White Cloud spread hor whito sails to a fair hreezo, and sailed away, homeward bound. . Ono beautiful, moonlight night Mnrio Cadollo stood alono, loaning ovdr tho taffrnil, tho largo, dark oyos dreamily wntohing- tho vast, grand oxpanso of soothing -waters, with its over dancing, whito-orostod waves silvered in the moonlight; but tho young heart was aching lionvily, for hor thoughts woro far, far away— with tho ono boing novor absent from thorn, nohing with a pain that novor loft it now, but yot filled with n passionate joy that slio was going back to him. Sho heard vaguely tho wind aloft, singing in tho rigging, and the stoady, coasoloss footfall of tho officer of tho watch as ho paood to and fro on tho woathor side of the poop; she hoard his voice now and thon give a word to tho man at tho wheal, and somotimoB a laugh or ring of voices from tho saloon, but sho was far away from the vessel's dock — so far that she started ovon violently at a hand on her shoulder, and a doop, cheery voioo at hor side 'What, dreaming, pretty oho? A ponny for your thoughts.' Sho had to "pause a .'moment before sho could answer without a quiver in hor voico. ' Dronras and moonlight are tho or thodox things, Iboliovo, aro thoy not?' ' Nay, you should know host, swoet sixteen, in tho hoy day of youth, on tho threshold of life.' Sho interrupted him with a quiet, sorrowful bittorness, all the moro intenso nnd painful from its unoon- soiousnoss. ' I novor had ohildhood, or youth, or homo. I novor stood nnd never can staud on tho " threshold " of life, be- cause I was flung into lifo in infancy ; my youth — it never oxistod.' Tho skipper turned sharply on his heel and took full throo timos beforo he could recover himself. Tho third timo, the low rich voice called him to hor side. 'Do you know,' she said quiotly, ' what brought. mo out to America ?' ' No, my doar, oortninly not.' ' Do you remenbor your yarn about tho strange passenger in tho Molusine ?' ' Yes,' said the captain, startled, ' and it's just about horo. too, that Fenolla Fabian was drowned.' 'Captain Mnnnors, Fonolla Fabian, was not drownod 1' .'Tho devil she wasn't!' oxolaimed the skipper, starting back. 'I beg vnur pardon ; but. roally, impossible. My own oyos saw her drownad.' ' Whioh only proves, captain,' she! said, immovably, ' that wo must never even believe our eyos whon it pleases Monsiour le Diablo to tako care of his own. Fonolla Fabian, aftor floating with the hencoop ' for twonty-four hours, was piokod up by tho John Tuokor, and lnridod in Now York.' 'Well, aftor that.' said tho captain striking his hand on tho rail, ' I'm blessed if over I beliovo anything again.' . ( I have not believed in anything for many a long year,' said tho police agent, coolly ; ' we of the socret service soon grow sceptioftl.' ' But what has all this to do with your trip out Wpst?' ' Everything. I told you that if it should over become toy interest to find whether she was drownod or not I would do so.' 'Yes; well?' / . ' Oiroumstanoes and facts whioh oamo into' my hands on the vory day I left Oombe-Fenda with you made it my duty and interest, in the intorost of those I servo, to find this matter out. I have found it, I toll you, because you. who know hoi', would rscogniso hor if you should over, ohnnoo to soo hor, or anyone who iB liko her, beoauso, if that should happen, I wish you to immediately oommuniodto with mo — you know whore — and you may trust mo whon I plodgo you my sacred word that, as I stand beforo Heaven, I am only acting to fulfil tho ends of justice, and trace to its true source a dark crimo whioh may bo otherwiso pos sibly laid on an iunooont head.' I'm in a fog, my donr, hut I'll oboy you blindly. Justice ! crime ! You trace— I don't understand. What in tho name of wondor are you ?' concluded the puzzled seaman, gazing into tho oalm beautiful face. ' I am a Frenoh police agent, captain.' / - ' Whew-w-w 1' whistled tho captain,' taken utterly abnok. 'The doucois iii it, thon, if the wind sits in that direc tion.' 7 Ho might well say so.. If Fenella Fabian still lived, there was no spot in the world to whioh this girl would not traok her down at last, tho uncon scious instrument of a strange retribu tion. ' f To le continued. J 