Country Crumbs. (FBOH OUB OWE boBBEStONDEHIS.) ' BEAGONSFIEBD. - „ , , „ r „ * ' . - - TiirfittMrboy «l m Bough's who v lately so severely burned has succumbed to his injuries; general sympathy is felt for HiB bereaved parents es he was a very proniUing little Callow. ' ' The much wished for rain has come at last and on Thursday night it rame doffn with-" out a ladder. The drains inthe streete were qhiet inadequate to take off the storm inter, and pedestnanB had to etandonstnmps and ; the stepB of houses to keep Hidr JEeet idry. The drains-arc not laige enottgh imd when a heavy rash comes the openings are soon choked up, and the water has to run over the streets. What are the Trustees about? The sooner wo have a Town Board to-look after these matters the - better. I belicvs the: promoters intend soon to have juioHier try. Our ex-Clerk of the peace, made Iiinuelf scarce one day last week, and many of tihe tradespeople are lamenting his absence, na they had various little matters to settle "with him. There is some talk of claiming lrom the Government various sums that it ill alleged he should have pud as Registrar of the Court, A mile race between two of onr local pedestrians took place last Saturday afternoon and the favourite {Nettle) was eakly "beaten by Smith, who was not thought xnuohoL I notice that the committee are very busy, getting the Ophir ground in good order for Boxing Hay, and a good days sport is anticipated. The Presbyterian Snnday School children held their annual picnic last Thursday at Swift's Jetty. On Sunday they had their Anniversary, and on Monday night the prizes were awarded. The Wesleyans intend to have a big day on Boxing Day, having -chartered one of tiie steamers to take all -their children over to Kiddle Island. A cricket match between our men and Gravely Beach on Saturday resulted m an ea.*y win tor the locals. 1 1 Great disappointment was felt down here when the result of the Launceston election became known. After the exhibition Mr W. make of at the last election for tlie Assembly, no one thought he had a ghost of a chance against such an opponent as Mr Clark, but like hoiso racing, sometimes an sutsider wins by a fluke. 