THE LITTLEBOROUGH BACHELORS' BALL. j 44 No, Frank, said Jim Wickham, in reply to his companion's question, 44 we have not had a Bachelors' Ball in Litfcleborough for the last / three years." Captain Curgeuven elevated bis feet carefully on to the mantel-piece and tilted back his chair. His host watched him nervously, being con cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby tea cups. 44 I don't think 1 shall break anything',' mur- miued Curgenven, contentedly; 44 1 have only got slippers on, It is awfully good of you' to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame — the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the iutercst of the article itself. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboard is reliable, as it ought to be, I shall be thoroughly comfortable > in body and mind." i Wickham seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use less. He made no comment, and returned to . the subject under discussion . i 44 As soon as Charlie Davidson got married'" | he continued, 44 we the gallant remnant'' of . single blessedness in Littleborough, considered it about time to cease advertising every Christ- \- mas our fortunate condition. Charlie had man aged the Bachelors' Ball for years." ; 44 And successfully ?" < 44 Execrably no worse Secretary could have been found. That was his great merit, because \-- everybody was always prepared to abuse him. He always offended two-thirds of the neigh bourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother aud sister one year." 44 Poor old Charlie 1" said Curgenven, with a smile, 44 his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." 44 When he resigned he left the management of the ball in such evil odour that nobody in the' town could be prevailed ou to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather a painful iucident iu connection with the last \- dance we gave that has not yet been explained to all." "This is very exciting," remarked his friend. 44 Please Ux remember that I bave been four years 'in India, and am dying for Littleborough news. Relate the occurrence in your own ini mitable style, -while I smoke and listen." Jim Wickham was a seasoned bachelor, whose earliest and only love had been the sound of his own voice A kindly little busybody, few things iu " Littleborough escaped the inquisition of his double eyeglass. He drew a chair to the fire, with a . preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powers to do justice to bis subject. | 44 I need hardly say it was Charlie Davidson's r'_ - fault entirely," he began. 44 You know wo used I to have a list of people that, were invited every i year. Charlie always sent them invitations, j whether they had left the place, or were dead, ! or bankrupt. He used to invite them all. He asked old Miss Ciimberbatch three successive .1 . years after her death at the age of 79." j 44 But she never would accept, 1 suppose ?" 44 No ; she'never appeared. But at last he j . . asked another man who was also dead." 44 Undeterred by the silence of Miss Cumber- batoh? " . 44 And this man," said Wickham, lowering ! , . . his voice, and layiug his hand on his com- ' panion's arm, 44 actually appeared at the ball, i . That was the uncomfortable part of it." j 44 Good Lord ! " said Curgenven, 44 1 say, Ki ' you'll have to shift that Sevres- (lower-vase ; if | you make any more statements of that kind, I j . shall be kicking it over." j His host rose, obediently, snd cleared a wider j space' in the neighbourhood of his companion's J slippers. Nether spoke for a moment or two, j and then Curgenven demanded cont nuance ; . and an explanation. 44 Who on earth was the man ? " he asked. i 44 He had no business to be anybody on earth ' ttaeii," was Wickham's reply. 44 His name was i Dunlop Ferguson. I dare say you remember I him." j 44 Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice j kind of chap. I did not know him at all well. He was up iu these parts learning banking, wasn't he ? 1 remember him chiefly as a great j friend of old Waterfleld, the banker. Surety be | was in Waterfield's bank ? " I 44 That's the maii. He was a great friend of 'mine, and he was a great friend of Kilty Waterfield's— he used to talk to me about her." ; 44 1 knew a girl would be bound to cGine into 1 the story soon. What is she like ? Attractive ? ; I don't know her. even by sight." | " Not the least attractive. Good eyes and a ! white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. She's either too shy or too reserved. I've known her all her life, and taken her in to dinner aboutthirty times. I once extracted from her a confession that she . disliked tomatoes, but that is the only confid ence she has ever honoured me with. Still, j Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit further j with her than that. Indeed, he was desperately keen on her. I can't for the life of me imagine why, except for the fact that she didn't care two straws about him. She used to be rude to him, though, and that was an ad- ! , vance on the distantly polite attitude she adopted towards everybody else. 44 Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Waterfield danced together more than once, I can vouch for that, and they . . sat out together pretty often too She was never. iii much demand as a partner, though he , was popular enough ; but he never looked at anybody else that nght. His eyes followed her, ' like a dog's eyea ail over the room ; and she went about, either with him, or without him, a pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy ' nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. She looked rather pretty that night, but whether she enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come in ! and bave a smoke with me after the dance ; and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, . I. said : You're coming round for a pipe, eh ? ' j He said : 4 Not to-uight, I think. I'm a bit : done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rather ' low-spirited and tired, aud he shook bands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was font years ago, and 1 have never set ; eyes on the man since. Mind the clock, Frauk, j your" right foot is dangerously near it." j 44 You ought not to say such startling things, i then. Go on." I 44 The next day Ferguson left Littleborough . without a word to anybody. His letters were to be forwarded to him at some club in Loudon, : I forget which. Most people wondered at bis going, and missed him not a little ; but the only person who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfield, aud nobody in his senses ever dreamed of pumping her. She went on . just as usual not looking either melancholy or relieved, but simply expressionless. 1 spoke to her once about him. hut she never answered, i and 1 changed the subject to Rome, where she had just been. She was not exactly garrulous , on that topic either ; but that is neither here i nor there. . 44 We had just issued the invitations for tue next Bachelor's Ball % year after, and Charlie ' Davidson, who was engaged to be married at., the time had signalised bis farewell appearance ' as Secretary Ly making even a bigger mess of the ball than usual. On that occasion he overlooked the Lord-Lieutenant and the Colonel in com- ; maud. I was iu he County Club lunching one day with two or three other fellows, when a man said suddenly, 4 I see that poor young Fer guson, who was up here, is dead. He died somewhere in Africa about six weeks ago. It .was in all the papers. Didn't anybody see it ? ' 44 None of us had seen it, and it was a great shock to me. But Charlie Davidson, who was there, turned as pale as a sheet, and laid down his knife and fork. I knew at once he had sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I felt rather sorry for him, as he looked very much upset. 41 Young Hal i burton, however, begau to crack bis customary jokes at Charlie's expense. He observed that we should have a cheerful ball if everybody our secretary invited turned up, aud was further anxious to discover if Queen Aniie bad been uakod, saying he thought she might be offended at the omission. But when he went on and said it was enough to drag young Fer guson from hie grave, the luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Haliburton to dry up, anil not try and be funuy on a subject like thai. 44 You kunw, I think Davidson was worked up iuto rather an ' eerie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrived. He has often, in telling me the story of what .he saw. remarked that he felt a presentiment " " Oh. d'm't" interrupted his listener. 44 Don't lot. us have iny presentiments. Go on with the anecdote." ': 44 Just mi you like." n plied Wickham, mildly. 14 Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind Was, the supper-room had juct been opened. and he was rushing a bout telling the wrong men . to take in the wrong ladies He came in the course ; of his career to a small sitting-out room close to the entrance-hall. It was rather n cold and unpopular room, with a dejected- looking palm- ,' tree in the centre, and fitted out with the shab- j biest of tho sofas and chairs. The ball secretary , came in, but he stopped quite as hastily in the 1 doorway. For, sitting side by side on a couch i exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Dunlop Fersguson. The intruder was too much staggered to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full in the face and saw that he was while and haggard. 44 Charlie Davidson could not stand the sight, and bolted out like steam. He managed to fiud me in the supper-room, and I could not think what was the row with bim. I gave him some brandy, which he wanted badly ; and thi n he told me what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I could see. 44 Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go and inspect a ghost, and I hesitated a little. But then I concluded either that they had been mistaken iu telling us that Ferguson was dead, or else that Charlie had been mistaken in thinking that he had seen him. So I put ou as calm a face as I could and made straight for the spot. I went in airily and casually, only to fiud there was nobody there but Miss Waterfield. IS he was 'leaning back on the sofa, with ber hands behind her head, look ing up at the electric light." 44 Didn't she seem upset asked Curgenven, 44 or startled ? " 44 She looked nothing, as she always did," was the reply. 44 There was positively not one sign about her that could tell anybody anything. She looked, if anything, a little bored." 44 That is quite the correct expression for a girl to wear," observed Curgenven, selecting a cigarette from the box on the table, 44 when her dead lover has returned from the grave to meet her on the anniversary of the day she rejected him. I suppose you catechised her ? " 44 My cross-examination was very skilful, for I led up to it gently. I said 1 didn't know she was all alone ; to which she replied, 4 Didn't you : ' — which is a chilling sort of answer, and one at which she was very great. I could not for the life of me go on to say that I had been told a ghost was sitting out the supper dances with her. I made some general remark, which she received with a oolite 4 Indeed ! ' displaying no interest of any kind ; and then her mother suddenly came in. Her mother is talkative, and an idiot, so I fled, leaving the secret be hind me. 44 I'm bound to say that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story later on in the evening when several glasses of champagne in tervened between himself and the facts. He made out that Ferguson's whole demeanour was corpse-like and supernatural, and added a sug gestion of a bullet-wound in bis forehead, im plying suicide. However, other people were in clined to be less impressed, aud hinted that the Secretary had been sampling the drinks before ' supper. Young Haliburton, when he was next in London, made inquiries at Ferguson's club whither Charlie had posted the card for the Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he had heard nothing of Fergusson for several months, and that he had left no address to which his letters might be forwarded. He showed Hali burton about thirty letters for Ferguson, and Haliburton eagerly searched through them to find Charlie's invitation. But — this was a very strange feature in it — the invitation to the ball was not among the letters. Wasn't that curious F " 44 It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere beyond his Club." 44 Shortly afier this remarkable apparition, Miss Waterfield went away from Littleborough. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrument in Germany. 1 believe music interests her faiutiy, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in the Club once suicl that if Ferguson were reslly dead he considered Kitty Waterfield morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still wiser man suggested that he should go and tell her so." Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story an excellent one, and it remained an ex cellent story, in his estimation, until one day he hapened to see in the paper the marriage, tele graphed home rotn Africa, of a certain Mr. Dunlop Ferguson to an officer's daughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that the name was not a very uncommon one, and chat the Littleborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that thcFergusou who appeared at the ball was the same Ferguson who was dead. Charlie Davidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is another person of the same name. Others, however, hold that Ferguson paid a flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Wntorfield comes back to her native town certain bold spirits have resolved t j cast lots to decide who shall question her and find out the truth.— 44 Vanity Fair." 