3Gb HismislisiU W & « -b - I HIS OWff ACCUSER BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY. CHAPTER X. Pauline's cirief— the false letteii DELIVERED — SUFFICIENT FOR TIIE DAY. ' She's rend it !' gasped Markbam, catching his breath, and starting to his ' feet trembling and conscience-stricken. Even ho, soulless cur that he was, felt a thrill of pity. That shriek was one of supreme agony, the cry of a wounded, defenceless creature mercilessly struck. They found her lying senseless on her face, holding a crushed letter in her hand ? so tightly that it coold not be ? wrested from the clenched fingers with out tearing it. Markham listened to the hurried foot steps and anxious voices' of the house hold, as they hurried backwards and for r wards, but he proffered no help. Like . the coward that ho was, he sltink quietly out of the house, feeling for once in his life that ' sufficient for the day was the evil thereof.' 1 Chapter XI. PAULINE SINKS UNDER HER TROUBLE, BUT STARTLES MARKHAM IN HER RAVINGS. The inquest on the death of Dr. Chester is passed, and his remains are carried to \- the grave, but Pauline knows nothing of it. The blow so fully struck at her hap piness, and the sudden death of her futher together have rendered her help less. M artha found her lying senseless, and for o long time all efforts to revive her were unavailing. At length Dr. Marsh ' arrived upon the scene. ?' I left instructions that she should be put to bed at once,' he whispered half aDgrily to Martha ; ' how 13 it that I find her up ?' ' She was a-bed a few minutes ago, sir, but she must have got up again and ? v put on her dressing-gown.' ? What is that in her hand : a letter ? Toko it from her gently. You say she screamed and you heard a fall V ' Yes, sir, a most dreadful scream as sent my blood cold. She must have seen a ghost or something.' ' Nonsense. This letter has something to do with it. It is no business of ours 'to read it. Take care of it till she asks for it again. Take off her gown and put her to bed ; she is coming to. I shall be downstairs if I am wanted.' With willing hands Martha disrobed ? ;i- her young mistress and put her to bed, where she remained in a half-stunned condition all that day and part of the next. Kind friends without end called to 1 see Miss Chester and condole with her, but one and all were strictly denied an audience. There were well-meaning vv friends who called and left polite notes, others from a distauce sent telegrams. Several called chiefly with the object of discovering how much a yard dear Pun line proposed paying for her mourning dresses ; she would look so well in black, and there was a lovely little bonnet down the town at Simpkinson's that would be the very thing, &c.; , One and oil found ?t. . the door shut upon them, and not a few went away in great indignation, express ing their contempt for 'young Mr Marsh' who had charge of the late doc ? tor's practice. One person only, with delicate feeling, ? : brought : her a'-btinch of sweet, fresh flowers ; that person was .Jimmy, the ; V- diminutive youth' who served in the dual capacity of page and errand boy to the ' doctor's household. Martha, who now rarely left the bedside of her young mis tress, was disturbed by a very gentle tapping at tho door, and on opening it discovered Jimmy outside holding a bunch of flowers nearly as big as his head. He motioned mysteriously to Martha to stoop down that he might whisper to her, ' How ;3 she, Martha ?' ho asked. ' I think sho's asleep. Don't whisper in ray ear as if you wanted to blow my head off. What do you want ?' v ' Th — these,' ho spluttered, thrusting tho flowers into her hand and turning quickly away, as if ho had done same thing wrong, at the same moment burst ing out into a muffled sob as he hurried down the stairs. ' Here, Jimmy, come back. What aro they for 1 Who are they from ?' whispered Martha from tho top of the Btairs. Jimmy stopped on the stairs, surprised nnd hurt. He looked back with offended dignity. ' They're frome me 0' course.' 'Oh!' Jimmy's grief was checked for tho moment by his indignation. He strutted away with his head in tho air, muttering, ' Thinks I ain't big enough to have any 'art, I suppose ; but I have, and anybody what says I ain't I'll let 'm know it.' After which lucid and grammatical statement, he buried him self in a smnll pantry and ferociously attacked tho first pair of boots that come to hand, dropping tears all over them, nnd discovering as soon as ho cou'd see out of his eyes tlint ho had blacked the coachman's boots all over the part that should have been pipo-clayed. ' It's no good.' he moaned, as lie dropped tho brushes ; ' I'm gone all wrong — everything's gone all wrong. I've bin and put the blacking on the shining- brush. I shall bea-blacking tny own faco in a minute and polishing the bottle.' Jimmy was rather a character. No one knew how old ho was — or how young. He had the form of a lad with tho man ners of an old man, and though ho de clared himself to be twonty years of age, other people fixed his years at fifteen. Anyway, Jimmy was an oddity, with a smart tongue and 'a soft heart Ho had been in tho doctor's service some years, and seemed to havo grown not the least bit older during that period. Ho considered hiuiself on an equality with , the coachman, and knew as much about | dispensing as a good many doctor's 1 assistants. ' His failing was a weakness for tho fair sex. His young mistress he adored with a hopeless love that was sometimes comic. Ho had even been known in amorous moments to make love to the substantial Martha, with the aid of tho kitchen table to enablo him to reach her comfortable waist. His pre sent of flowers, however, was intended more as an expression of sympathy than mere adoration. Martha took the flowero into her young mistress's room, walking on tip toe. To her astonishment, Paulino was sitting up in bed wide awoke, with sparkr ling eyes and burning cheeks. ' What lovely flowers, Martha ! Did father pick them for me ?' Martha stared aghast at the - joyful light in the girl's eyes. ' Your father, misB 7' ' Ah, I know he did. Bring them here, Martha, and spread them out on the bed, and we will play shops, and you will come in and buy and be a grand gentleman, and I will sell you a button hole, and ? Ah, what is the matter with you, Martha ? Why do you look at me like that ?' ' Poor, dear missy, she thinks she's a little girl again, grief has turned her brain,' cried Martha in distress. 1 Lie down, Miss Pauline, lie down and sleep.' ? I won't. . I am going to father to tell him his flowers are all dying. Look at them all going smaller and smaller. Where are they ? You'have taken them away.' 'No, I haven't, miss. There they are.' ' They are not. Yoa are not telling the truth. Where is father ?' ' He's, gene, miss. Can't you remem ber — gone ?' ' Gone ' shrieked Pauline, grasping the frightened woman's arm. ' Gone ? You have taken him away !' ' Lor, missy, dp be calm,' sobbed Martha. 'You're not right in your bead. I can't bring him back ; I wish I could.' ' Tell me where he is, then. Do you bear?' she cried, shaking her by the arm with all the strength of youth. 1 Tell me or I will kill you.' Why do you glare at me like that 7 Why does the ceiling press down on my head like that ? Don't hold me, 1 tell you ; it will crush us both' in a minute. Let me go ! Jump out of the window with me and we shall be saved. Take your hands off my throat !' (To be continued.') ' 