OUR BOiftRT tETTER. 9 irz&a; etnt vxfk coTtnwPOx&Exb;,} Fbiday. Tbe City Council, sKttOtding to the etate taenb of Alderman DU1od, Lave got their finances into ji Straightened condition, and bare been robbing ? Peter to pnv Paul* tbat is, the waterworks account has been en croached npon to meet the deficiencies in the municipal fund. Mr Dillon, like most mca, has his deficiencies, but still be has good points, and one of these is fossicking amongst tbe municipal belongings to save the already overburdened ratepayers ot the city farther taxation. Since he has been in office he has made thiogs pretty warm in trying to stockyard the interests of tin citizens* He has used his whip pretty freely .in the task be took in hand, and beyond a doubt-, good in the long run vrill result from bis efforts. Three candidates arc in the field for the 'vacancy caused in tbe Upper House scat for the Dorwc&t; in May next. The old member, Mr Gellibrand, will stand, and tbe new men are Mr W. A. Gucsdon nnd Mr Thos. Dillon, Mr (Jucsdon is canvassing the district vigorosly, and Mr Dillon states that he was guaranteed the majority o£ the votes of the free and indep ndcntsmoaitasand months ago. What the result would be if the contest tv ere narrowed down to a two man one it is hard to say, but it is pretty generally admitted that it will be a tight lit for Mr Gellibrand, If. however, two Kichmoods enter Lhc field the votes will be split up and the old member^ return is ccrtain. The municipal police are greatly con cerned regarding tbe retrenchment that is likely to take place in their little circle, liat from. what can be ltrarnt no hardship will be conferred on any individual member of the force by the reductions suggested by thc ]-olicc committee. A number of officers will be re-arranged, and some men who are now doing special duty will be called in and asked lo do duty on the streets. If a dirty drain exists in the suburbs the man on duty ?will be expected lo report it. Superintendent Tedder evidently knows what he ia about, and with the material placed under bis supervision lie bis endeavoring to have the municipal police system of Hobart as perfect as it is possible to make it. A good ghost yam comcs from one oE tbe ?down the river districts. Tuis week an old gentleman died in the neighborhood, and a young person, who was said to be afraid of neither man nor spirit, was appointed to ?watch with the corjve, There were any number of the jokiete in the district, anil they thought this would be a good chance to give the watcher a fright. They procured a citiplo of caU, tied their tails together, and at midnight threw them through the window into the room, and then got back to sec the fun. The lonely watcher went for the cats with a broom. Now, it appears that the dccciee j, who lay stiff on the bed, bad been troubled with rheumatism, and when be died was crooked, up almost double, so that when he was laid out it was necessary to tic the corpse down with cords. The watcher in swinging tbe broom happened to bit one of the ropes and it became loose ; consequently the corpse came right up to a sitting posture, nnd sat facing the assailant of the cats with wide open eyes, Tbe watcher, turning to attack the cats, saw the new iiosition of the dead man, but instead of being frightened he raised the broom, and with it struck the corpse a rattling blow on the head, exclaim ing. 'You lie down. 1 want none of ^our assistance to get rid of the cats.' The jokists now knew that the watcher could 1 c fairly classed amongst the untcrriHcJ, ana therefore made ItcicVb. Some of the disused cemeteries in this city arc in a wretchedly dilapidated condi tion, notably the Roman Catholic and Scotch burial places. It is a matter of history that tbe former, which hidc6 the bodies of many devout Catholics, has been nothing else but a playground for a lot of lazy city hoodlums for a considerable period. Many ot tbe tombs have fallen in, and the bocesof the deceased ciiirens arc exposed to view in all their ghastly details. The Scotch Cemetery is even wors?, skulls are not at all uncommon on the deserted, over grown walks, and some ingenions pers ?n in tbe neighborhood has succeeded io making a dog kennel out of two inverted tombstones. Tbe only difference in the change is that tho headstones now mark the place of the abode of the living instead of the dead. Some body must be responsible for this state of things. Now who is it, or who are they ? This paragraph, if it deserved a heading. Castray Esplanade.' There were two persons, one evening this week, seated on the Esplanade whose attitude would have suggested to the observant passer-by that they were ' two souls with but a single thought ; two hearts tbat beat aB one.' They were evidently absorbed with the waters of the Djrweot splashing up against the rocks at their feet, and every now and then anyone in their immediate vicinity would have heard a sort of ' klug,' resembling the sound made by a sucker when it is withdrawn from a window pane or 6ome other flat surface. Evidently someone heard it, And that same one was a woman ; one of those true, confiding souls who look upon the hnsband as a being that could do no wrong. For ones in her life she was mistaken. One of the happy hearts on the Seat was the apple of her soul; the other — well, the least one says about the other the 1 'better, and it would be sufficient to sav that she was a ' she,' and perhaps no better than she ought to be. The deceived wife got her spouse home ia record time, aud his companion, judging from her dishevelled appearance, will not see tbe inside of a Hobart ball-room for Eorac time to comc. Such is life by the salt sea waves on a balmy March evening. A strike took place in oae oi the city | hotels last week. The two young ladies who dispensed the seductive fluids to the i customers were lhc daughters of tho j licensee, who, finding times getting bail. ; docked the wages drawn by the fair HebeE. who immediately struck work. Determined fJ have nothing of this kind in home circles, the landlord shut the two refractory misses up in one of the attics on short commons Fortunately for tbe la-lies they had a couple of admirers, who clambered over the roof in the wee stria' hours and derailed tucker of the best quality on the Bill of the attic. Finding that the absence of th-: attractive daughters further lessened Hie profits of tbe bouse, the exacting father rai6ed t h-j siege, and was fairly astonished to find that the incarceration in the pub dungeons had considerably improved bis daughter's corn olexion and treneral tout ensoul!?. A gentleman in this city. f0r somn years I past, has been frying to work out one of the j burning questions of the day which spiritists claimed to have mastered. This is nothing more or less than having a quiet con versation with one who long, long years ago departed this life. The kind of thing only causes a trifling sensation in thtse da\s of i high pressure, and three centuries siuee J would liave brought tin* discovcrcr the at- I tention of those objectionable pariii a who | whipped one'n liners into si thumbscrew j and applied the tire or deal to make, him I disclose how he worked up the conversion with departed anc- store. The g-ntlnmun| in question has a wife. who. fortunately lo: ; him. is a Ffronp-mind'.''l woman, so she -ic- i termined to cure him of his sickly experi- i mums and make him try and devote more of j his time to worldly matters. Oue evening j lie left the house slating that bo was going j to have a yarn with tbe governor, who. if all accounts are true, killed himself in the wine and spirit business some 40 yeaiis back. *' I do wish. James, you would give up the i foolish game' said the wife ; 'we are not ] in the public line now. If we were, your ^ father might be able to give you a bint in i mixing.' flush, my dear ' said the hnsbani1. shocked at his wife's irreverence: 'spirits Diver deal with intoxicAnte.' Well, whether they do not,' paid fie missus, 'after a eeance, you always manage to get. home pretty lull up of something.' 'Spiritism, jny love,' was the reply. 'Well I intend to bunt you up,'' Mid the wife, 'and fiud out what \ou have discover -d.' Tbat evening he wem tn the seance, and when he left it one of tbe female mediums kept Jjim company. 41 Wasn't it lovely, sister rc- nLarked he. ' That conversation with the pater, or that kiss from our dear departed ssLcr,' asked the medium. *? That kiss,' ex claimed her companion. Then he saw a comet , which be described to a friend as resembling a torchlight procession. His missis, who had waited outside, bad beard the tale about, the kiss, and slib hit him over the head with a croquet mallet thai she carried. Thi tap has eil'eclimlly cured him of spiritism, and wbeuever he talks of the old man now it is with reference to the times when the customers deposited the pay out counter^ arid the pater filled it — imperial measure. The Wesleyon Conference is still peggioc pway regarding matter? that are of more concern tS6 themselves than outside people, peoule. The president ot tbe Conference mane an oitcniog speech, which in Frees language may be termed '-sickly.' It did not enlighten one as to what wonld be the reward for loving our neighbor as ourselves in this life. Nor did be tell one that, lu thesj killing days of progress, each loves ! tbe other butter than himself. He did not ' tell a single soul in the old Wcsleyan church ; what the cure was for a!] the ? ills and | wrongs, tbe cares, tbe sorrows, and the , crimes of humanity. ? No, Mr Fitchctt ] simply impressed one with tbe idea tbat such j a person as himself existed, and that, be was | imbued with certain tenets and doctrines i tbat he was not going to throw up, even if no one else understood them. 