?BOUT TOWN. (Br 11 A Ghost,') ' But that I'm forbid I could a tale -unfold whose lightest word would harrow up tby soul.' — bbakespeare. Major-GeneraUullDch of Ihe Victorian forces has lately been?Omef and amongst his specimens* from abroad uothing has been so amusiog as his Australian member of Parliament. ..Groping into tbe reoeBses of his portmanteau he dragged him forth, so to speak, by the back of the neok, and a horridly .lucid explanation of his little ways, held him Up to ' the gaze' of the British publio. 'This 'ere animalj' -eays -the General, ' is a parasite generated out of payment of members on which it lives. A creature of wonderful tongne agility, *it poses as the voioe of an often rabble and unthinking majority, obeying implioitly the dictates of thAt majority, fearing to lose its place, and ergo its pay.1' 1 Be nsjgbt .bave said;, it graduated in young men's debating societies, or by writing to the newspapers. One thing certain, the General has given the whole bis. away ? and at no distant date) seeing Sydney is to be a free port, we shall have English fathers with boub unsuitable for Church or army opening up an export trade with us. ' If,' said the General, ' the M P. of to-day possesses an idea.of his own, it is usually a fad in the shape of some experimental legislation (Henry George perhaps) whioh ten-twelfths of his majority have no faith in, and henoe the absurd legislation of some of the colonies.' * * Dr. Kennedy's first move at tho Chess Club appears to have been an unfortunate one. If be had started with the scalpel gamit, or opened with the influenza attack, or a modeutpawn to queen's fourth, or had pawned anything at all ; but no, in some inexplicable manner, he moved right into the Musical Association, and Professor Andrews, mistaking him for one of the tenorB, told him he was oot of tune. But he wasn't, be was only temporarily out of place. It ib thought he neglected to make a careful diagnosis of the Club's 1 locus in quo. After this little paragraph I the ''Ghost' reckons npon enjoying him- , self next time th« doctor is called upon to exercise his surgical skill on any of tbe Standard 6taff. # * * A meeting of the local branch of the Licensed Victuallers was held last week in the parlor of a member's house. There was a good attendance, and the meeting opened with refreshments. After some efforts to decipher what was supposed to represent the minutes of last meeting, the President ordered a round of drinks. Tbe treasurer reported that several new members having joined, the finances-— not- withstanding tbe last two rounds— were still in a flourishing condition. The brewer immediately suggested 'Long 'uns' be served round at once. Carried unanimously. A discussion then took place in reference to teetotallers generally, and tbe advisability or otherwise of sup plying them with cloves ro eat after each drink. Several members then gave orders to hie — 'fill 'em agio.' Six members were vigorously addressing the chair when we left to go to press. * * * Whilst the peaceful monotony of our every day life has jogged along in this quiet community, out and arouod us terrible and dramatic scenes have been occurring, Who could read these simple yet pathetic messages uuearthed at the Eldorada calamity without a gulp at that lump which rises spontaneously in the throats of tlmse of us in whom the milk of human kindness has uot entirely dried up ? Entombed iu the bowels of tbe earth, slowly but surely to die, without one parting glance or word from those who .were his world, his all ! With a resigna tion that only a brave man oould feel, he soratohed his last words upon a billy-oao : — ' ' Take care of my little ones. Bring th6m op good. You will find the money (two .pound*) in the lumber room,' The perils of those who go down to the sea in shipB are little exceeded -by the dangers of those wbo go down into the earth to mine, ♦ * * The perils of the sea, too, have been in evidenoe. The noble looking steamer Oatterthun one afternoon shook off the erowd of onlookers and friends that are usually in evidence at starting time. The captain and officers were on board, and tbe lives of ihe passengers — as well sb the safety of the vessel and cargo — was in their hands, depending npon their care, knowledge, and Ability. Just ordinary eVery day looking men, but tried aod trusted servants. Daoger ? Very little ! She has weathered the force of iull many a tropical typhoon and hurrioane. We laugh at tbe treaoherous China seas. The engines slowly throb, the propeller rotates, she has left. And ere twenty hours have passed, the merciless ocean rolls unceas ingly over the spot whioh but marks the tomb of the erstwhile stately Catterthun. A wife here, a husband there, have found a watery grave, It is called tho act of God. 'To err is human, to forgive divine.' i *** Religion has been responsible for the | sudden termination of many lives, The ' annals of continental nations are stained | with gore epilt in the cause. Brothers have slain brothers, and sons torn savagely at fathera throats in the cause ; while provinces have been devastated by armies And^^atbAod juin spread all Viands in, the'eause.; ; }3u^ , Australasia has knowp, nothing of this/ Yet ahe has, sent brave/ end «ome wiU^eay,f mlBgui^ed girl6, to China, to'be ilaln by' ft fanatic mob in the cause. It Is hard for .some of us to uoder standihe .promptings ofthe human heart that woiildiead young ladies to~forgb~the life ajpperous Creator bad placed before thetb,-io -for8ake home and kindred for jkhe dangers of a Chinese Mission. Whilst shuddering at the untimely end of the young ladies recently at Ku-Cheng, ^ all must allow their self sacrifice and 'heroism. j \- Thb Labor Party Show Teeib Tbbth. '_Prominetit ^members of the Jabor party state that if^Mr Reid drops his exemptions in the taxation proposals he will etrainJthe . allegiance of the iabor party to the utmost. They assert that (bey went to the country on the proposal to liave.' exemptious, and ' they intend to adhere to the platform then .enbputtejjl. Ministers say that' there is notmuoh probability of thWi^aboJUbing exemptions, but that thdrs ' will probably be a reduction in their amount, the ex emption 4n respect to inoome tax being xeduced frpm £30p,to £200. v ^ „ i This is, the. age oj-democracy fcnd the people. Nothing is more' democratic r and popular than -.the.^winning-of a mammoth. Melbourne or yGanlfiefa HsUp consultation, especially as promoted byTattersall. George Adams is 'again to the fore, so send tor tickets, addressing Tattersall,' care of George. Adams^ Telegraph-Chambers, Bris* \- bans (Q)». /. 