LITERATURE. NEW BOOKS FOR CHRISTMAS. We have received frem the publishers, Messrs. Blaokie & Son, of London, Glasgow, and Dublin, a parcel of new works. They are marvels of oheapness, and are admirably adapted for Christmas presents. Girls and boys willfind every story intensely interesting, while to children of a larger growth many of the volumes will furnish pleasant reading matter. "The Tiger of Mysore" is a tale of the war with Tippoo Saib. DioU Holland's father was a captive in the hands of the bloodthirsty Tippoo, so" Dick resolved to go to India to assist in his rescue. Here tho youth assumes a disguise and is appointed to high office by tho tyrant. The details of his aftor-expcriences are worked out in exciting style. " Through Russian Snows" tells of Napoleon's famous retreat from Moscow. The hero is a careless, good-natured young Englishman who was car ried by some smugglers to Fr ance, whore ho joined Napoleon's army in tho oampaigh against Russia. He takes part in many groat battles and ultimately returns to England after rescuing the daughter of a Russian Count. It is a story of much historical interest. Both of these works are from tho pen of Mr. G. A. Hen ty. "For Life and Liberty" is a taloof battles on seaand land by Dr. GordouStables. When war was declared in America between the North and South, 03inond Lloyd ran away from his school in England and joined tho Southern Army. He took part in many con flicts and won praise from the redoubtable Stonewall Jackson. Boys will revel in the stirring adventures of Oswald Lloyd, in "Hallowe'en Ahoy!" Tliis is tho strange record of a derelict, and tells how she was found on tho high seas with only a ghost on board; how the ghost was captured, and how the old ship was brought safe to England. This tale of wondor will make the hungry schoolboy forget his dinner. "His First Kangaroo,1' by Arthur Forres, is. a narrative of experiences on ' an Australian cattlo-station, where Dick Morrison tames buckjuinpers and hunts kangaroos. A band of bushrangers make things lively, and a young Scotsman is kidnapped and rescued. The book is full charged with tho accounts of , healthy outdoor adventures. " A Musical Genius" telle of a boy who lovod tho violin,' and was adopted by a wealthy musical ama teur. Ho never, however, forgot his humble brother the conjuror. It is a pretty story obarmiugly told. " Under the Black Eagle, by Andrew Billiard, relates how'an,English lad resident in Russia becomes friendly with a student who has secret dealings with Nihilists, and how the two friends are sent to Siberia, and how they leapt from a convict steamer and escaped. It is a most realistic and fascinating tale. "ForthosakeofaFrioud"isa sweet story of school life in Melbourne. The -, heroine, Susie Snow, and her friend, Trisie ! Berosford, are both bright girls, and, although there are some jealousies, mistakes, and. mis understandings at Somerset House, all conies right in the end. " In the Days of Drake" is the history of Humphrey Salkeld, by J. S. Fletcher. Humphrey was kidnapped from Scarborough and carried across to the Gulf of Mexico._ Here he escaped from the ship,' but was again captured by a member of the Inqui sition, taken to the City of Mexico, and con demned to the galleys. Finally ho was rescued by that prince of adventurers—Sir Francis Drake. " The Girlocn" is by Edith JoHnstone. The heroine's father was a slave owner in the bad old times when Englishmen :ownod slaves, but he was no nigger-driver, and allowed the Girlpen to make friends with the blacks. Like Eva, in " Uncle Tom's Cabin," she had tho deepest affection fpr her black friends, and in tho end slie was called upon to dio for them. The names of,Sclionberg, Pea cock, Gordon Brownie, Stacey, Hal Hurst, and other first- class artists appear as illustrators of these well-bound and otlicrwiso charmingly got-up works. 