SPORTING NOTES. [Bt Tabquin.] The announcement published in the Regitlcr early in the week that the S. A.. J. Club had completed the purchase of the Morphettville Oonrse must be considered highly gratifying in every sense of the word. It affords abun dant proof that sinoe January, 18S9, the sport has advanced by leaps and bounds, .Not only have the premier club been able to subBoribe substantial stakes and inour heavy expenditure in, improvements, but they have in the short epaoe of five years flourished to suoh an extent that they are in a position now to pay £1.2,000 for the privilege of securing the fee-simple of suah a valuable property as Morphettville. There ia no denying the foot that this satisfac tory position of affairs could not have been realized without the totalizator. Oertainly the management of the club's affairs has been excellent, but without the machine horBe raoing would praotioally have been extinot in South Australia to-day. The first raoe meet ing held at Morphettville was in May, 1876, when Impudence won the Adelaide Gup for Mr. Gabriel Bennett. The course was then held on lease from Sir Thomas Elder at a peppercorn rental by the original South Aus tralian Jookey Olub, who subsequently pur chased it from the worthy Knight for, I ! believe, the small sum of £1,813. Having erected extensive improvements, they mort gaged it for £6,000, and from this point their troubles began. Somehow or the other the balanoe-eheets showed a debit balanoe instead of a oredit, and when Parliament repealed the Totalizator Bill matters got from bad to worse, the faroe of running the Adelaide Cup in Melbourne being enaoted. To cut a long story short, the Mortgage Com pany foreolosed, and disposed of Morphettville to Messrs. Sylvester Browne, T. F. Wigley, and R. B. Pell, and the alub became extinct. Unfortunately the members of the com mi0tee wlio had done their best to keep tbe conoern "going" wore called upon by tbe Oommeroial Bank to pay off the overdraft whioh they bad rendered them eelvee liable for by their guarantee. The lion. It. C. Baker (the Chairman of the presents.A..J.C.), Mr. William File, and Sir Thomas Elder had eaoh to oontribute £000, while Mr. W. B. Rounsevell had to pay £100. Though the present South Aus tralian Jockey Club iB a different organiza tion, would it not be a graceful aot on the part of its members to refund these amounts gene rously subsoribed 1 From 1885 to September, 1888, there was no South Australian J ookey Club, and raoing in she oolony had reached its lowest ebb. We were without the totalizator for five years, but in September of l888^the machine was again legalised, and steps~were at onoe taken to reform the S.A.J.O. A meeting was convened by Mr. A. O. Wbitington at the instigation of a number of gentlemen interested in raoing, at which the Hon. R. O. - Baker ocoupied the ohair. The gathering was an enthusiastic one, and the first resolu tion, submitted by Mr. W. B, Rounsevell, seconded by Mr. P. F. Bonnin, was "that it is desirable -to form a new raeim» (dub. and that the name of it be the Bouth Australian Jookey Olub." A strong provisional Com mittee was appointed to arrange the details, and in their report to a subsequent meeting they reoommended that the first committee oe the Hon. R. O. Baker, Messrs. W. B. Roun sevell, T. F. Wigley, W. Pile, H. Chambers, P. F. Bonnin, and J. A. Ellei^y. Fiveof these gentlemen are at present members of the 8.A.J.O. Committee. Mr. Bonnin resigned oh aooount of ill-health, while Mr. Chambers has been removed by death; Mr. Whiciog ton, who had the formation of the olub in hand, was, of oourse, eleoted Secretary. My predecessor wrote in the Register of September 14, 1883—" Without doubt this gentleman is the most suitable man in the oolony to fill the office. He has a most thorough knowledge of the duties of a racing Seor'etary, while lie also understands all the. details conneoted with the working of the totalizator. Mr. Whitington is not an ex travagant manager by any meanB, and there is no fear of the new olub incurring heavy liabilities at the outset of its career. That Mr. Whitington haa more than answered the high expectations then formed of him has been abundantly proved by the results achieved to date, and it would be ungracious in an article of this kind not to recognise the undoubted ability and energy he has displayed in proseouting the onerous duties of Secretary of the premier Club. The original lease secured by the present S.A.J.C. from Messrs. Browne, Wigley, and Pell was for four years, and at the expiration of that term the club had to deal with Mr, Browne alone, he having purchased the interests of Messrs. Wigley and Pell. They secured a further extension for five years, at an annual rental of £900, with the right of purchase at any time within that period for £12,000, and this right the club have now exercised. When we come to con- sider the figures, it will at once be conceded that Morpettville is a valuable property, and that the price paid was by no means an extrava- gant one. The original club expended £12,000 in draining and improving it, Mr. Browne spent £11,000, and the present S.A.J.C. have incurred an outlay of over £3,000. Those who patronised the course years ago can see for themselves the important changes that have been effected to date, and it is unnecessary therefore to recapitulate them. It is now one of the most complete courses in Australia, and the entire racing community will join in heartily congratulating the S.A.J.C. on own ing the property. Exoellent aooeptances were reoeived by Mr. Von Doussa on Thursday night for the Oakbank Meeting, and a Buooessful day's raoing on Easter Monday is as sured. Twenty-five have cried oontent in the Hurdle Race, including the Vic torians Apsley, Bill, Bingara, Comrade, and Associate, and as Apsley was coupled with Alice this week for a eubatantial sum he may bB reckoned upon as a Btaruer; and he will be very hard to beat into the bargain. Brewer has left both Associate snd Bingara in. The latter was beaten again in Melbourne .on Thursday. Bill is expeoted to leave Viotoria shortly, and as Griffiths haB paid up for King Orry in the Cup it may be inferred that he will be represented by Comrade in the Hurdles. Of the absentees there is hardly une who will be missed by baokers. The soli tary exoeption ie, perhaps, Carlton, and hiwe tirement from both this event and the Cup was- compulsory, as he has de veloped a "leg." There are twenty-two remaining in the Great Eastern Steepleohase, in whioh the sister oolony presents a formid able front, Dondi will do duty on behalf of Mr. Chirnside, while Baltoro is to take Busaoo's place. Mr. Miller has apparently ohanged his mind about making the trip, as Elfie is still in, and, I understand, she is pretty sure to come if she does not inour a penalty at Oaulfi6ld to-day. Goldreef would have been aooepted for but for the faot that he met with a slight aooident, Waterloo will aooompany Apsley, and we may also see Tayiortb, As anticipated, thB aocident Courtier met with put him out of court, while neither .Torrent, Reckless, Evergreen, nor Elastic will be missed. Of the twenty-seven in the Uukaparinga Uup, King Orry, Bril liant, Carlton, Maroon, Danebury, Leeway, and Little Maid bail from Viotoria. Not one of the looal contingent of any note have re tired, and there promisee to be one of the largest fields on reoord. The betting market on the Onkaparinga Meeting this week has been fairly lively. The jumping events naturally engaged the most attention, and two combinations that were supported for large sums were ApBley and Alice, and Assooiate and Waterloo. Assooiate had been previously installed as first favourite for the Hurdles after 500 to 35 had beBn prooured about him. During Thursday 100 to 10 was aooepted about Dondi for the Steeplechase, while 200 to 16 was written on behalf of Alioe. After the acceptances came to hand, The Aotress was quoted at 8 to 1 for the Steeplechase, while 10 to 1 was offered on the field for the Hurdle Raoe. The following inolude the business transacted :—Hurdles and Steeple chase—800 to <6 Apsley and Alioe, 600 to 10 Assooiate and Waterloo, 600 to 10 Assooiate and Alioe, 500 to 74 Syllabus and Dondi, 700 to 7 Minstrel Boy and Waterloo, 500 to 6 Ensign and All Fours, 600 to 5 Bill and Sneaker, 300 to 3 Syllabus and Waterloo, 300 to 3 Bingara and The Aotress, 300 to 3 Jack Sprat and All Fours, 300 to 2 Barter and Sneaker. Expectation has been backed straight out for the Steeplechase to win £500 at 100 to 5. A double book has bean opened on the Onkaparinga Cup and Hills Railway Stakes, and the following wagers have been recorded:—200 to 4 Lord Gron ville and Birksgate, 200 to 4 Lord Gran ville and La Cheville, 200 to 3 Lord Gran ville and Hortensius, 200 to 3 Kirkby and Birksgate, 150 to 3 Kirkby and La Cheville. There were sixteen horses left in the Hopetoun Cup, which is to be run at Fleming, ton, on Saturday. Idolator and Moss Rose, who filled the places behind IolanthuB in the Hopetoun Handicap, have practioally the same imposts again, and they must be adjacent. Steadfast, however, won the Brunswick Stakes of the same distance so comfortably this month with 8 st. 3 lb. that with 8 st. 91b. on hiabaok now he will have to be reckoned with, and in spite of her weight Bessie McCarthy will render a good aooount of herself. If I had to pick a oouple to supply the winner they would bo Steadfast nnd Idolator. With £3,837 passing through the totalizator and afair attendance, the Port Club must have pulled through all right on Saturday. The judging fiasco was a matter for regret, as, had it not been for the assistance of outsiders, an injustioe might in one instanoe-at any rate have been done to the winning owner. The errors at the Port should convince Mr. Young and his oommittee of the absolute necessity whioh exists for the appointment of a compe tent man in the box. Any one oan fulfil suoh an office until there is a close finish, and then the trouble oominenoes. The position of Judge is about the most im portant in connection with the sport, and it behoves all our leading olubs to seoure capable offioers. The innovation of the Trial Stakes with oertain conditions has certainly found favour with owners. The fact that twenty one candidates presented themselves as not having woo as take-of 30 sovs. for two years furnishes proof that owning. raoehones is. not suoh a rosy game, ana ooniequently oar clubs should afford raoing inen every " encouragement by subscribing' liberal stakes. . In the Trial Stakes the Port Olab gave away 40 sovs., and they received in entrance-fees £31 10s. Suooessor has been a long while; breaking the ioe. His form early in the season warranted those connected with him believing : that he was capable of scoring, bat until Saturday he always failed. He is very well now, and credit is due to Tommy Barn, his trainer, to whom the colt's double anooess* must have been particularly gratifying. After Sir George had ootne to grief on the iiat in - the Hurdle Race nothing had the ghost of a obance with Mins trel Boy, who jumped well, and showed a bit-of paoe. With 1 lb. off his baok he has undoubted claims for consideration in the Onkaparinga Hurdle Raoe, as be will be suited by the journey. The finish in St, Patrick's Handicap was the best ever wit nessed on the Port Course. At the same time it was pretty clear that Germaine had just squeezed.home from The Merry Girl, who ran nnkindly in the hands of the stable lad Hill pnt on her. Ensign flattered his Onkaparinga backers to an extent, and as be knows how to get over the small sticks ' he mast, be labelled dangerous on Easter Mondsiy. The less said about the Steepleohase the better.. The Wilpena party thought they had a good thing, and they aame at it aooordingly. The ahestnut gelding won comfortably enough, but for the mat mile he only had Secretary to1 deal with, and though the old fellow plodded . along manfully, it was evident he had lost bis' pace. The display of Cuttlefish was onrtainly not enoouraging, but hs will be more at homer; atOakbank, and he must not be discarded on account of hie failure on Saturday. - The North-Western Jookey Olub's meeting' will be commenced at Port Pirie to- day. The Adelaide horses nominated have dropped out, but I believe Griffin bas gone up with the Western Australian representative, Happy Jack, who is engaged in the Flying Handi cap, and Danbybale may be given a run in the Trial Stakes. Hodgkins and Peter Hickey have mounts at the meeting, and some of the oity fielders will be in evidence. Mor gan may piok up the Trial Stakes, while Sunflower may experience most danger from Parnell in the Hurdle Raoe. The Rival, Fairfield, and UZ may fill the places in the North-Western Handicap as named ; while Middlesex should take Borne beating in the Flying Handicap. The full programme is published elsewhere. The weights for the Adelaide Cup, Good-, wood Handicap, First Hurdle R&oe;, end Steeplechase at the S.A.J.O. Autumn Meet ing will be published by Mr. Hughes on Mon day morning before 11 o'olock. No less than four of the eight youngsters who took part in the Federal Stakes at Oaulfield on Saturday^ are engaged in the S. A. J.O. South Australian Stakes. They are Melema (the winner), Gehenna, Freda, and Eatinka, and unless the bold front Auraria presented at Flemington last spring baa frightened their owners, the quartette may put in an appearanoe at Morphettville, Melema is by Splendour from Minuet, a sister to Melodious, while Freda iB a half eister to Loyalty by Maxim. Eatinka is a full sister, to Azim and The Rebel, while Gehenna's close relationship to Quality is- well known. Auraria and Thunderer stand out as the piok of the local lot, but they will enoounter opposition in Birksgate and Sucoessor, and the race consequently promises to be of more than ordinary interest. \- Mr. Wilkinson, who framed the weights for the Sydney Cup, has considered Carnage Sib. superior to Havoo over two miles, while Mr, Dakin in the Hopetoun Cup was of the opinion that ■ Havoo was able to oonoede the ohestnut S lb. over a mile and a quarter. The Harvester reads well at 8 st. 12 lb. consider ing that he ran third in the Australian Cup with 8 et. 6 lb. when not cherry ripe aDd that he subsequently scored in the Champion.' Havoo is now. aalled upon to meet him on 11 lb. worse terms, and he will require to be at his very best to finish in front of him again. It is on the oards. however, that as Mr. Wilson thinks the Australian Cup winner is badly treated, he will rely upon Nada, and at 7 st. 9 lb. she certainly reads very tempbing. With 7 st. she was third in the Melbourne Cup, and she carried 7 at. 13 lb. into second place in the Bagot Handioapon New Year'B Day. Tara naki and Blarneystone at 8st. 2 lb. and 8 st. 10 lb. respectively, have claims for considera tion, but the winner may come from The Har vester or Mr. Wilson's best. The pBn has been put through the name of Dreamland. Backers of Bardine for the Onkaparinga Steeplechase would not have felt particularly in love with their ohanoes of euaoesB bad they been present on the Old Course ou Friday week. The gelding was being put over the big jumps by j. MoGowan, but he fenced very badly aud baulked repeatedly, while he slipped into the third obBtaole. So far as we are aware be was not injured. Happy Jack, European, aud I)anbydale, alt of whom are engaged at the Oakbank Meet ing, have taken up their quarters at Gawlor, where they are being trained. The weights for the Btinman Races, to be held an April IS, were advertised in Friday'a Register. ^ The full programme for the Laura Raoes, to be held ou Easter Monday, appeared in last week's Observer. There are seven evente, in cluding the Laura Handicap of 40 sova. The weights will be declared by Mr. Hughes on March 29. Sweep, by the Wandering Jew from Soot, won the Grand Military Horse Chase at the Luckuow Meeting in India last mouth. He formerly ran in steepleohases in Melbourne in the interests of Mr. S. Miller. Marcb 13 wae a gala day at Port Gertnein (writes our correspondent) owing to the local Jockey Club holding its annual raoes. A large number of visitors began to arrive in the Port at early morning, aud at 2 p.m. the paddle-steamer Adelaide oame from Port Pirie with a orowd of excursionists. During the day it is estimated about COO people were on the oourse. The weather was sultry, and owing to the long spell of dry weather the oourse was dusty, but in spite of the dis advantages all enjoyed themselves. The beach aud jetty were well patronised by those who found no attraction in racing. Nominations for the annual meeting of the Narracoorte Racing Cluli to be held ou April 3 were received ou March 12, and are satisfac tory. Fifty-four horseB have been nominated for the four handicaps, whiob, notwithstand ing the depression, is a larger number than last year, many of the entries coming from the neighbouring colony. A Victorian exchange is responsible for the statement that owing principally to the re duction of siakeB by the V.R.O. Mr. S. H, Gollan, tbo New Zealand owner, has deoided to send his valuable team of raoehoneB now in oharge of P. Martin, at Caulfield, book to New Zealand, Mr. James A. Do Monlin, of Brookdale, writeB to a Viotorian exchange that be pur chased Laundress, the Newmarket Handicap winner, for 10 guineas; at Mr, D. H. HDlg clearing sale of thoroughbreds on December 3,189L At the earns time he seoured Pearl, her dam, for 15 guineas. Pearl ia by Smuggler from Georgian by Toubhstone from a mare by Gustavns Ximp.). He .subsequently disposed of Laundress aa a broken-in two-year-old to< . ber present owner for a Tory small figure. She was when first oaught Very vioious, and when being tackled ehe kicked the ornsh door very hard, whioh caused her leg to awell to an enor mous eke, and whioh remained to for two - months. Mr. von Doussa has notified ns that the following aoratohinga have been made for the Onkaparinga Meeting in addition to those of The Arab and Reginald, wbioh have already been publishedHurdle Kaoe: The Duke, Maroh 14; and Cadet, Maroh 16; Great Eastern Steeplechase: ReoklesB, Maroh 16; Hills Railway Stakes: Erl King, Maroh 2. Broken Hill and Destiny were acratohed for the Onkaparinga Cup on Maroh 18. Broken Hill waa withdrawn from the Hills Railway Stakes on the same date. Mr. John Cleave has resigned his position of Honorary Judge to the Port Adelaide Racing Club. A letter reoeived in Adelaide tbis week from Melbourne contained the news tbat tbe mare Rosebrook was killed at Oaulfield on Thursday morning last while being sohooled over the hurdles by J. E. Brewer. Roaebrook, who was by Creawiok from Idalia, ran third in tbe A.R.O. City Handicap in 1893 and won the Norwood Handicap at tbe same meeting. Bbe waa also successful in tbe Ooburg Stakes at the V.R.O. Meeting later on in the year. Mr. David Jamea has purchased The Merry Girl from his trainer, J, Hill, and the transfer of the mare was approved by tbe S.A. J.O. Committee on Monday. Had Clinker won tbe Flying Handicap at the Port on Saturday be oould not have got ! the etake, as be was ineligible to run, owing to hie owner, Mr. G. Laweon, being on the forfeit-list ib the South Australian Baoing Calendar for £2 for fees due to the North western Jockey Oiub. Rule 71 reads—"So long as tbe name of a person shall be in the forfeit-list, or in the forfeit-list of any affiliated olnb, no horse oan be nominated by him for any raoe, whether acting as an agent or otherwise; and no horse which has bean nominated by him before bis name was in the forfeit-list, or of whioh he is wholly or partly tbe owner, or whioh, after his default has been published in (he ' Baring Calendar,' shall be proved to the satisfaction ol the committee or the oom- j uittee of any registered olub, or any Stewards, I to be under his oare, training, management, or superintendence, shall be qualified to run for j any raoe." The 3. A. J.O. Committee on Monday decided to communicate! with Mr. Lawson, and inform dim that j Unless eeatisfaotory explanation werereoeived 1 within seven days of hie oonduot in running Oiinker they would take aotion against htm. The oommittee under snb-seotion B of Rule 1SI have the power to fine, suspend, or dis qualify him. In oonneotion with this matter it may also be noted that Landrau, who appears in the weights for the Yorke'e Peninsula Meeting, is on the forfeit list, and nnder Rule 72 he cannot run at the fixture until his name is removed. The steepleohaser Knight of the Garter, who was purohased in Melbourne last week by Mr. Coohraue, of Western Australia, was Shipped in the steamer Tangier, whiob wae booked to leave Port Adelaide for the West on Monday. A communication has been received by the S.A.J.C. from the West Australian Turf Glub intimating that the raoehoree Torpedo and his owner, Mr. T. Lees, had beeu dis qualified for life. The S.A.J.C. Oommittee, however, deoided on Monday that under Rule 133 they oould not adopt the disqualification until tbey received a copy of the West Aus tralian Raoing Calendar, signed by the Secre tary of the West Australian Turf Club, containing a statement of the aotion taken by them. A rather nioe point was deoided by the 3\. A. J.O. Committee on Monday. A mere named Floral, who used to run at unregis- j tiered meetings, recently figured at a registered j fixture under the name of Ellenie, she having beeu thus nominated without the knowledge of her owner. The latter was auxione to learn from the 8.A.J.O. Oommittee whether he wonld now have to nominate the mare as Floral or Ellenie, and he has been informed that he will have to adopt Ellenie. Of course he has the right under Rule 47 to change the name back to Floral on payment of a fee of £5, when it will be necessary for him to enter her as Floral, late Ellenie. The following dates of racing were allotted by the 3. A.. J.O. on Monday:—April 3, Nar raooorte Racing Club; April 10, Martindale Jookey Club; April 15, Laura Jockey Club and Clare Oddfellows' and Foresters'Raoing Club. The S. A. J.O. Committee on Monday voted £5 from the Distressed and Disabled Jockey a' Fond to H. Holmes, who fractured his oollar bone at the Port Adelaide Raoes on Saturday. The English Waterloo Cup was won last week by Mr. Pilkiugton's Thoughtless Beauty, with Messrs. Fawcett'a Fortune Favente, by Hersohell—Fair Fortune, aa runner-up. Jordan Park was submitted to auotion on Monday, but the property was passed in at £2.050, the reserve not having been reached. Expectation, who is engaged in the Great Eastern Steeplechase at Oakbank, arrived from Horsham on Tuesday night in charge of bis owner, Mr, M. Molntyre. Minstrel Boy was sent back to the South East on Tuesday. Anglaise has ohanged hands, and for the future will be trained by W. Sheppard. The Sub-Committee of the S. A.J.C. and A. R.O. were engaged for two hours on Tues day afternoon considering wbiob of the start ing machines will be the best to adopt. No definite decision was arrived at. Horatio, who defeated Bingara in the Hurdle Race at Canlfield on Saturday, is by Horatio from a mare by Storm, and prior to Saturday had won several small raoes up country. Mfllema, who scored in the V.A.T.C. Federal Stakes, is engaged in the South Aus tralian Stakes, to be run at Morphettville at the S. A.J.C. Autumn Meeting. She is by Splendour from a sister to Melodious, and wsb bred at Tooal. Mr. Donald Wallaoe paid 180 guineas for her aa a yearling, but as she could not win a raoe be subsequently sold berto Fouleham for 105 guineas. After the Hopetoun Handicap had been decided at Oaulfield on Saturday Mr. J. Richards, one of the joint owners of Hove, asked one of the Stewards to institute an enquiry into T. Sanders's riding of the horse. The Stewards, however, did not entertain the request, and so Sanders had no opportunity of making an explanation. In oooneotion with the starting maohine bitch'at Oaulfield in the Van try Stakes it is stated that the end of the barrier near the inner rails did not rise properly—it was much lower at that end than the other—and some of the riders had to duck their heads in order to avoid ooming in contact with the coir strands. Malolo was left standing still at the post, and be took no part in the raoe. Allurement broke down eo badly in the V. A.T.O. Auotion Stakes that it ia hardly likely ehe will ever raoe again. She is, how ever, to be eaved for breeding purposes. The ateepleohase mare Coquette changed hands on Saturday, and for the future ehe will assist Sardine in his work in the morningB. As the value of the Fort Hurdle Raoe was under GOaovs. Minstrel Boy will not beoalled upon to put up any extra weight in the Onkaparinga Hurdle Raoe. Wdpena, for his success in the Steepleohase, will have hit impost raised 7 lb, in the big jumping event on Easter Monday. The Victorian jockey Stevenson, who rode four winners on the third doy of the V.R.O,_ Autumn Meeting, was suooessfol on Saturday at Oaulfield on Meleuoa in the Federal Stakes, ; on Ialantbus in the Hopetoun Handiaap, and ; on dinger in the Selling Raoe. The three-year-old gelding Oontaot was kilied in the Hurdle Raoe at the Port meeting. He was making his cUtmt over the small sticks in public, buto» toe to grief at the first hurdle, and sustained su:h eevere internal injuries that he died shortly after the accident. Con taot, who was by Caramut from Touohit, as a two-year-old won the Fulham Park Plate and the S.A.XQ. Nursery Handicap, as well as running third iu the Morphettville Plate. He was trained by C. Quinn. . The Port meeting also proved fatal to the chestnut mare Murnong, who broke ber neok in falling ovor the etone wall in the Steeple chase. Murnong, who was owned by Mr. Oliver Aiken, was by The Englishman from Pinty, and was bred at Tnrretfield. The Turret held-bred mare Oermaine, in con sequence of ber success at Port Adelaide in the St. Patriak's Handicap, will be aalled upon to carry an extra 5 lb. in the Hills Railway Stakes at Oekbank. She paid a dividend of £17 on Saturday. . In the Steeplechase at Gaulfield on Satur day Warrior unaeatad bis rider (Davie) at the lost fence, but the old horse finished the journey, pulling up with the others, and pre sented himself for admission at the gate of the weighing-in enclosure. Suooessor, who won the double at the Port Races—the Trial Stakes and the Plying Han dicap—was bred by Mr. W.Blackler at Fulharn Park, and is a full brother to Venture and Competency. The Grstof the Western Australian division who are taking part in the autumn oampaign in this colony mads their appearanoe at the Port Adelaide Meeting. This was the anoiont Secretary, who has been to the fore in hurdle raoes in the western colony, and who recently won the double at Southern Cross. He started in the Steepleohase, and finished third. Seoretary, who is by Tekon, is sixteen years of age. — The jookavs Bnll and Hill ware reported by Mr. Formby for disobedience at the post in the Trial Stakes at Port Adelaide on Saturday. The Stewards had the lads before them, and, after hearing their explanations, severely reprimanded them. Amongst the starters in the Trial Stakes on Saturday at Port Adelaide was The Despised, who appropriated the Goodwood Handioap for Mr. John Crazier in 1891, boating Radoo, Dillon, My Lord, Elsie, and others. The rses was only open to horses who had not won a stake of thirty sovs. or over sinoe March 1, 1893, and it had special weights attached. The St. Albans—Blonde gelding, who was pnrohased by his present owner for something under £20, finished third. Sneaker, who is engaged in the Onkparinga Great Eastern Steepleohase, arrived by steamer on Thureday from Sydney. Mostyn is reported to be doing capitally at Flemington, and The Admiral is being credited with good striding work. Eiridsforde showed signs of lameneBs after a gallop on Thursday morning, but it is not expeoted that hie training will be interfered with. At Canterbury Park on Saturday the race horse Nargo, by Apremont from Flirt, fell in the Hurdle Raoe, and breaking his near shoulder was destroyed. Nnrgo, who was trained by T. Paytsn, was said to have been a good jumper in private. 