KERRIGAN'S QUALITY. Br JAxt BARiLow, Author of " Irish Idylls." P?uf?ished by special arrangement with Messrs Ward Lock 4' Bow ten Ltd. [ALL RIGHiTS REFsHEts:v) CHAPTER X (Continued). " Well, Merle," Sir Ben said, " this mys tery about Dion began thus. You know the beginning of it all was some trouble about money matters. I don't suppose you would care for particulars as far as they are concerned." "No, no, never mind about them," said Merle. "I'm not at all sure that I could ex plain the ins and outs of it. I'm no good at things of the kind," sail Sir lBen can didly. " But some investments went wrong, so that we lost a good deal, and you did too. I believe it was nobody's fault. Then a suidden emergency arose. Some mortgage was expiring, and the mnortgagees came down on my father us expectedly, at any rate he was in inmme diate want of five thousand. Well. I h.til more than that from my mother, and as I had just come of age, we settle l that I should advance the sunm. Mr father was over in Dublin at that time, and I was u: in town with Dion. He anl I were nearly of an age, you know, and I remenuler how sold he was one day when he found out from his guardian that his money was tie I up until he was twenty-fire. lie wishe I to realise every penny of it, prohbably l cause he thought my father might want it. You know the sort of fellow Dion was; he'd have given his worst enemies the caut off his back if they seemed to be in straits. However, of course. Dion couldn't toucht it. By Jove, I recollect he exprese l h:; senti ments on the subject in very frcibthe lan guage while we were tr.ampint torwn Gower-strVet in a hail-shower after the interview. " Why did they do that F" said Merle. " It was a great pity." "Oh, his father had left it so by will years before. I daresay he thought it pru dent, as Dion would have no one Ihut his mother to look after him. Of course it was absurd. If a man can't man?ag lhis own affairs before he's twenty-Sive.," s sit Sir Ben, who had not yet attained to that age, "he's never likely to acquire the art. However, my father urgently wanted th' money by a certain day. It was all r." could do to get the business settle l its time, and Dion, who was then just going over to Dublin, was to bring it with him. There was some accursed term examina tion" coming on," he said, meaning the epithet so sincerely that he did not feel as if its strength required any apology, " which I didn't want to miss, so I waite 1 for it. We went to get the money at the Bank in the morning. Awful young asses we were in those days. I believe we thought it rather a magnificent transac tion. sVe took it in sovereigns; they seemed more substantial, and we figured to ourselves that there might be some difficulty about English notes in Ireland. And in the evening I went to see Dion off at Easton Square with some other fellow. Who was it ?" "Bernard Dunlop?" Merle sn~g-:ted, half involuntarily to expedite matters. Pauses seemed long to her. Sir Ben looked startlet. "Dunlop? Oh, no. But what on earth do you know about Bernard Dunlop ?" "Oh, I used to hear the name some times," said Merle. " that was all." -Well, we never knew much about him either, lbut enough to see what an out-and out scoundlrel he was; an uncoml0on.y clever one, too, and liked by everyone in a way. They say he might have done any thing he pleasedl, if he had chosen to be mrumerately respectable, but he distinctly didnlu't choose. I believe he was really rathler naL Some people say he even tually went quite off his head, and is in an aylumn abroad; at any rate, h, has dis appeared off the face of the earth, much to its advantage." Merle listened intently to this little character sketch, and breathed more freely at it a conclusion. "There was a tremendous storm that night:" Sir Ben continued. " I went down to Oxford, and the carriage winulows were threatening to blow in every minute all the way. It was pitch dark be;ides, and pouring. When the tunil-boat came in at Kingstown next morning, they fiund DIion's portmanteau and other traps on loard,all except the sii, al h anl-l, gwith the money, which he intended to carry hi:u self-there were no signs of him or of it. though he had been seen going on board at Hlolyhead. He must have somehow missed his footing, or been shored over in the crowa-d. The boat was pitching and rolling tremendously, and on a wild night such a thing might happen easily enough without sanyrtoy's being the wiser. It seemed most likely that he stumbled near the gangway at ?Holyhe.Dl, as no one re members having seen him later on. But the certain facts are that he left Holyhead ant never arrived.t at Kingistown, and one knows what that means." Merle hal for many a day been fighting against this kno-ledge, how desperately she hal not realised until a few hours a*o. when the enemy was marvellously routed lr a few feeble scrawls. Now, as she sat by the shimmering green water, and bent low enough over it to draw her fingeis through it caressingly, she mnight have been signing mutely to it that she knew hetter. It was the only utterance that she could give to the secret which filled her with wrestling delight and dread. The delight was at thie moment uppermost. S"Then ther telegraphed over for me," stil Sir len. " an, you know what I found. )terle. he'd been wat.lhiuig-my father had -fr Di,,n to conmi that m-rning. The money hal hs?en proumsel without fail, tlnt ihe might has' it in time for abusiness n...vting in the afternoon. I suppose he wait~l and looked out there.:dlone in his r.oui at the club. untll he knew it was too late. The' servtants said that he seemel munch ,lit ippi''.?ln we they told him thb. Irail was in. He was sitting at the writing table when they found him dead. He had Is-gun a letter. I knew it 1y t'art: SDear Ben. I dtre . i' sou are very wise ', chan~e yisur min- al .ut- th.at invcstmet.'l I don't know whart th-e doctors unay h;vre caltzd it. int his hyra brt oke there. He was t allie :not a friend near him. Iie might rs ~l? b?e die'd in the mid-lle of the 'hreut ldan Anu th lb ist thought h, h?-lI in hi i minl Iwa that I wotldn't tnin; hih with .r little dirty money." Merlle h- tuirnel to white that her fatce would hae ien l qit' suhcient r lin i; ut lhcee s'r ith it ico?king rup "th'l'lr h.,u 't never hae leit you see it Th:ey sdti!,ui his'. put it out of the way it wuan- cruel if nites." That is like a orl all over," said Sir ::h rfthl'r riluhltr. What is more ezr s tohi than a llmt"'l reunlf v v "If you c-n hiih 5eytllin- thaut's not pleasant t t'.t et setmit think it's all right." iis rtle 5peocbh a=:. ai nere mental writhe, lint a~lvcrs criticism cominig from I het 'I'irtr waTs a new experience to mlerle. an I hence it thrust itself upon her n'.itice even now, as soemething inoppoI lunely dislh, ~.l. So she replied with a tinge of resentf ul bitterness, "I may be like g girl :s you say, but as for things eing all right. I think you'd have to hide sway the whole world, and everybody in it After this they were silent, rather agrioviVy fir a short tih'. 'i',:i litt., touch ".f ill-humor lent a ecirt of everyday stmospherC ta the fir-off, unhappy things which were in the thoughts of ach, and ade them seem more vividly real and ,?sety present. But both were too much for qaurrellig, and Sir Ben sick sPin, hi mind? ?l -s-t' Ing on the master-grief to which he had never before given words. "It was hard lines on nme that he should have taken such a thing for granted. Mightn't he hive supposel some acci. dental de:ay ? Ideaven knows I was never more pleasel at anything in my life thin at finding that I could bt a hel.p to him in the matter. But if he had .Tliieved it, hi couldn't hivre jumpel to tihat con- lusion. ' Wise to change your mind ;' I often see him writing it, the old governor. Anl he needn't have thought it of me, by Jaove, he needn't." " Perhzps he had hbon told so," said Merle low an li hurriedllv, as shs might have spoken unlter the enrving white lip of an imnp2ndiin ani-l.uche. "Who was the.re to tell him such an atrocious lie ?" said Sir lin. But Merle kept silence as strictly as if her answer would have envelopel them in the rush of the smoth.ring thunder. " Do you know, Merle," he went on, " while I think of it all, I'm sometimes brute almost enough to rage at Dion for losing his life in doing the errand. I sup pose one's hankering after somebody to blame for our umisfortunes could scarcely go munh further than that." " But when you consider it as an acci dent--" Merle began. " Yes, yes," he interrupted, " to be sure I do. When I'm in my right mind, I'm only inclined to knock my own head against a wall for letting a tomfool ex amination keep me from coming over my self." " But Ben, Ben," said M-rle sitting -np straight and facing him desperately, " what would you think if -?" " Merle, dear, what i, the matter ? You look scarel-you look like a ghost," he sail in much concern. " You'll catch cold waiting here so long. Would you have more shelter, I wonder, on the other side k" But for all answer a shadow of new fear passel over her face, like a cloud blotting out a cloud. An I direstly after wards she sail in a relievel tone, as if welcoming " respite, " Ah, here's Mr Ker rigan." CHAPTER XI. Kerrigan hlil not wished his appearance to be observedL NS turally, he h.ing a per son who if fernsecl ha1 retained its virtue until his l.tay, would h ve carried about a supply with him as invariably as the most confirmet snuffer his box of biting dust. Moreover he hvt accepted the neighbor's sweethetrt theory with respect to Miss Merle ant Sir Ben, and this now made him all the less willin-- to break in upon them when they were t ilking togethr so appro. priately. lIe viewed t he probability that they were "coertin'" with some interest and conrplacency, l.-amus. the arrange:nent seemed likely to fu,'ther a project which hal occurred, t, him in the b)at shortly before Pad ly 31 ek's disq'uieting revela tions. But his anuiety to pass by unpor ceive l defeate?l itself. since while glancing fartively over his shoulder to see whether he were noticed, a stumble set a loose stone rolling to his betrayal. So as he had to halt,and would on no account sit down, he compromised the matter by standing awk wardly against an adjacent rock. \- I stepped round to see was there a sign of anything putting out over yonder; there ought to be by now, if they're in tending to do a hand's turn at the fishing to-day at all," he said discontentedly; \- but like enough they're not It's getting to look a bit hazy and thick out to sea though, so the others may he running in. Good people are scarce; they're mighty careful of themselves in bad weather." nWell, small blame to them for that," said Sir Ben," considering the general sea worthiness of their fleet. I suppose Paddly's still tinkering aw y at the bo.t ? " "Ay. the young ass, and might as well let it alone. He'll make nothing of it. I was telling him he might better stuff his own fool's hiead in the hole." " I never saw anyboly look so discon cirted as he did when we were landing here," said Merle wi-hing to suggest an extenuating feature in Paddy's case. " If he hat been hanuing one out at the bottom of the bay he could s:arcely have put on a more apologetic expression." " I'd disconcert him," said Kerrigan with a gloomy grimness. lie was annoyed to see no boats coning albout. for he miisliked the aspect which the weather had begun to assume. "The uncertain shining of an April day," is perhaps especially uncertain over the sea -shouldering crags and fissuring creeks round about Glenore ; and signs were just now apparent which to an experienced eye betokened its untimely withdrawal. These signs were not overtly menacing. Air and water were still clear and tranquil; only now and then a waft of dulness would steal across the crystal-grey floor, like a breath dim uing a mirror; and when this hail melted off, there followed in its wake a faint hearing motion, not a brisk rippling and bickering roused by a breeze, linut a sup pressel shudder, running beneath the sur face to cause a slow swinging and swaying at the margin, as if it were the last trace of some huge, distant eidy. This, con joined with the cobwebby haze which he had noticed gathering about the mouth of the bay, led Kerrigan to surmise that the present calm was not destined to long duration. He did not care to announce these apprehensions, but they somewhat inconsistently embittered his strictures upon the dilatoriness of the Glenorefisher folk. Prudence is always so liable to be called "' out of its name" when its exercise by others jeopardlises our own interest. Glenore the village, far enough away to be only a picturesque scattering of white gleams capped with golden, lay sunning itself serenely in its frame of green and russet and blue. The trees about the Big House were still so thinly leavedt as to form softly powdered purple-brown masses, and where they climbed over a sloping ridge, small woodland lawns glinted out among them like jewels held up to the light. Along the shore the little square fields shone like quarrelets of beryl and emerald. There was nothing in their dainty mosaic to suggest that they were the scene of hard struggle and toil, and the centre of hopes piteous alike in fulfil. ment and in frustration. But Merle knew them at close quarters. with their painfully piled up stone-cairns and patches of labour-baffling swamp. She had seen how persistently the white skele ton crept from ,tuder its meagre coverlid, and how the wet moss and rushes would encroach on the "bit of lan'," too straitly bounded without them. And she had heard from sundry anxiousna-looking joint proprietresses how "Himself was heart scalded over his pitaty sowin'; there was two fut deep of wather lyin' between the drills these three weeks." Or thit,"If, plase God, the few oats they'd triel in the corner where the turnips failed on them, got a chance to ripen at all, they might maybe make out the rint yet, or else it 'ud be 'a bhl job comne sMichaelmas." Now, as her eves rested mournfully upon the flecks of vivid colour which represented the Gallahers' and No!ans' and Carrolls' hold. ings., these and other such scraps of history came into her itind. It wwa a relief, indeed, to loosen her rsp of some fa:cts wh chl she had just teen 1.,arning. Old Sir len's unfinishedl letter, for instance, and young Sir Ben's moditations thereupon, which seemed scarcely more likely to find an end-these vere new ideas so shar-p of edge that her imrnlse was to drop theim as if they had bin a sh--f of niked blades thrust into her han,. Not that she could take upany ",ut sal thoughts in exchange. The mood left by this puseo in her sorrowful agita tion was one which quickened her sense of world-wid eC're and grief, as a fever h rtpens the hearing, and the tragic ele menit i,- her neif'-ours' lot was borne in upon her as she sat with hands clasping knees in the attitude of a weary old crone, and gazel before her with melancholy, dark eyes. It somehow seemed to her a bad omen for their impending interveew that Kerrigan spoke harshly of these poor Glenore iolk, and showed no disporition to ans ?allUwacs to, the diWd~ retsYp iunder which they laboure:l in their farming and fishing, an gener. enduct of affairs. She wishel just then to think of him as a person who would use much patience antl forbearance in his d alings with a weaker comrels in adversity, and she found it more diflitult to nmaintain this view when she heard lrim express such sentiments as, " Faith, they're a lazy lot. The fish might be leppin' on shore like frogs under their eyes before 'hev'd take the trouble to put out a rag of a net. They'd sooner sit tronnd on the top of the fences like so sany crows, and watch the weeds smother "', the crops. That's the sort they are, 'very s?lothhr's son of them." " I wish." she slid at last with a flicker of perversity, " I wish that they nev..r hil Ao go out fishing at all. I wish they all hI land enough to make their living on. :or c.'rtainly they do the best they can with the shreds they've got. It's a pity that they should be pushed out into the set, wh'. there's really plenty of room for them. and everybody else, on shore. Look at those emnpty fields over there. WIut use are they to anyone? Perhaps a few belsts graze on them now and again, and p'rhaps there is some man who l.kes to think that the property belongs to him. If I had the managing of things he might just put that ilea out of his head, because the people who wanted to do something with the land should have it. Why should one man stick his house down in the mi'ldle of a great green park, and let no body live within three miles of him, while half-.t-ldozen others are huddtled together in huts on a patch not the size of his lawn tennis court, and can't feed a geat without tresptosing? Why, for..any good the country is to them, they might as well live on a bit of rock like this, with nothing but water round them. I think that everybody should have as much land as he actually wantel in the first place, and what was left over would do for parks. It wouldn't matter if they hal to be a few sizes smaller. Then there'd be no occasion for the pe pla to go out fishing, unless they cho.se, and they could get themselves proper bhots too." Kerrigan listened with a certain amount of snrpris.-d dissatisfaction while Merle nropoundetl her exceedingly crude scheme for showing the gels more just. 'The mnount, however, was strictly limited by his humulle estimate of womankind's capa city for talking sense, and it st itmel to himt that the simplest form of org,tm~s ttvam ii ho'ninnmr would meet the present case. "If they don't choose to come out fshing to-day," he said, "I don't precisely see that we've Imuch chance to get off of this here Inioh." Ile had no sooner spoken than he per ceived that he had blundered in presenting an alarming view of the situation to Miss Merle, from whom it was presuuimally right, and undoubtedly expellient, to c?n. ceal any cause for the fears of which she might he supposed inconveniently capahle. Sir Ben's slightly overdone tone of confi dence in asserting: "Oh. we'll get home fast enough." only nma:le him the more keenly a'ive to his m:-stake. It was in his haste to gloss it over by a prompt change of subject that h" hit upon Johnny Day's queer bit of writing its a safe impersonal topic, and forthwith hblurtei out " Did you gtOt the bit of paper. Miss Merle, that I was after sending up to you last night?" " Yes, yes, but I haven't quite finished reading it yet." said Merle quickly, " I haven't hal time--I " Now that the longell-for opportunity had come, it terrified her utterly. She felt as if she were about to hear some tidings from the other world, an experience which must be awful, even if the news were good., and a great doubt of this gripped hold of her. The misgiving grew all the stronger because at that moment a cloud was drifting over the sun, and a moan of wind swept by, and the water began to lap and gurgle louder in the wet chinks between the rocks. The light, slilen away in silver sheets, and the chilly breath on her face, and the sighing wail that camne with it, seemed harbingers of woe. A presentiment warned her that some evil was to befall her on this ugly little reef, and the fact that an accident compelled her to meet a crisis of her fate there foreshadowed a calamitous issue. Delay, at which not many minutes hefore she had been chafing bitterly, would now have come to her as a merciful reprieve, but though a word might have steered the talk away from the fearful theme, sheo could not utter it. All the presence of mind and nimbleness of wit, which she could have commanded on any trivial cm ergency, fled panic-stricken from her at this sore pinch, and left her sitting spell bound by the threshold of a door that at any instant might open on life or death. For Kerrigan was disposed to keep in this harmless conversational track, the rather, perhaps, because the incidents of the morning were more like a bit of his rough colonial life than anything he had experiencel since his return to civilisation, and thus carried his thoughts back to the adventurous past. "That's Johnny Day's letter, or what ever it is," he said to Sir Ben. " I don't know, sir, whether I ever happened to mention him to you-a chap who chummed along with me in one big tramp I had through the bush up beyond Ballarat ?" "Was it the time you were so near coming to grief, and were rescued by a camel corps ?" said Sir Ben. "I think I remnember you just mentioned it once, but that was all." Kerrigan's uncertainty had been in truth, so to speak, rhetorical, as he knew well that he had always avoided the sub ject. "So near, only so sear," Merle said to herself, groping fcr gleams of hope. "That was the time," said Kerriagtn. 'and about the worst spell too, that errv put in, what with one thing and another -the lad mostly. Ay, we'd never have :ot into the hotble we did, only that he ras no more fit for knocking about in the bush than-well, than you are yourself, or maybe less." "Tl'tnks," said Sir Ben. " You see, he came of gontlefolks," said Kerrip?a; "tha:t was plain enough,though he was stono broke when I ran across himn; scarce a shoe to his foot and his clothes hanging on and off him like a scarecrow's, between rags and starvation. By jingo, I uset to think his people would have felt queer to see the sight he was, supposing he had any belonging to him-the chances are that he had, though he hardly ever said a word about anything of the sort. tie might have dropped out of the sky, or riz up on the ground like a mushroom, for any talk he had back of resterday or the day before. He'd left some trouble behind him wherever he'd come from, I'll bet." " Got into deep water over here, I dare say," said Sir Ben. "Like enough. He'd have had a better chance, now, if he'd enlisted; and so I usedl to be telling him, for he was the m.akings of a fine upstanding man, and he knew how to ride a horse-it was about the only sensible thing he could do worth a cent. But, goodness help him, the notion he had was gold and diamonds. Thought he was going to gather up a great fortune in a couple of weeks or so; once he got to the new mines, they were booming then, up beyond Wainlanoura; it's that he was after when I fell in with him. Such things happen now and again, of course; but he made no manner of doubt of it. Ito was a young chap, to be sure, but he was uncommnon hopeful even for that, until he knocked up, by worse luck, just about the ugliest bit of country we came to, with our water running short, and the only chance the two of us had in the world to pushl on the smartest we could." "That was a bad job." said Sir Ben. " Yout may call it so. Bodad! when the last of the horses gave in, I'd have bet you anything you could name that we were lone for altogether; for I saw it would be the miost a strong man could do to clear out of it, tramping all he knewr. And sure every mile Day got over, I could have walked backwards and forwards, and back igain, and have had to wait for him at the hea of the hunt, o what chaOe Iba4v w Not but what he was always at me to go on ahead on my own hook, and leave him to shift for himself. He said he'd do grandly, the cratur; he looked it. I wasn't exactly thinking of leaving him to the vultures. But I remember one even ing, coming near sunset, he'd lain down dead beat under a thorn-hush, and gone asleep; so I went on abit toprospectaround from the next ridge, and see was there a a?gn of anything at all, which there wasn't. But 'twas further than I thought, and I stopped away something longer than I in tended, and by the time I got rack he'd woke up and missed me. I do believe the lad thought I'd took him at his word, and gone off for good-I'm morally certain he did. Sitting up he was, staring away in front of him, dazed like. I came up close to him before he saw or heard me, and the sort of look lie had on him I've never forgotten. lHe didn't let on he'd been thinking of anything in partie'lar, but all the while he was fit to cry, he was so grati. tied not to be left alone; he was so. Much notion I had, if he'd only known. Mysoul to the saints, if I believe the devil himself 'nii rest easy in his own place with such a cruel villain's trick on his conscience." " I don't know about the devil," said Sir lien; "he must be pretty well case hardened by this time, by all accounts. But you wouldn't, at any rate." "I've recollections enough as it is to make Inme rest unea:sy," said Kerrigan, " when I think of the trouble there was getting him along. Many's the time I've hal the driving of a mob of sheep, or c ttle, or horses, through places where you must keep them going, fit or no, if you want to save their lives; and it's ugly work when it's only a matter of brute beasts. But when it comes to human beings, it's devilment entirely. Lord for. give me, the hours I in a manner drove him along, when he wasn't rightly able to set one foot before the other. And I'd be grudging the bits of rests he took when he was fairly done. Those times, he'd often get out that writing paper of his, and set to scrawling something on it; but even that he couldn't do. I don't believe lie ever finished it. And as things turned out, I might as well and better have let him be, instead of tormenting him." Kerrigan was more or less thinking aloud, and his thoughts here happened to go on for a short time without words. The hiatus seemed very long to one of his hearers. " It made no differ," he resumed, " for one morning lie just dropped down dead off his feet. And that same night the ex ploring party came along and found us found me. As for him, they needn't have come at all, since they didn't come half a dozen hours sooner." " Iard lines, by Jove," said Sir Ben. Merle heard the sound of his voice, but it conveyed no more meaning to her than if it had been the sea and the waves roar ing. The tense eagerness of her listening halt snapped like a strained bowstring. All the words in the world could tell her nothing more than this, which she seemel to have always known, and to heed wonderfully little now. It was several minutes afterwards that she became aware of Sir Ben shaking her by the shoulder. lie had spoken to her three times, and was half puzzled and half alarmed by her deaf ness. " Had you gone asleep, Merle ?" he said in a relieved tone when she looked up. "Oh, no, I was-I was watching a little crab running about in the pool here," she said. "Is it time to be going home ?" But before he could answer an interrup tion occurred. Paddy Mack's face in its halo of black hat-brim rose up over the boulders behind them and said, "Mr Kerrigan, sir-och your honour, d'ye know what I'm after doin' ?" (To be Ccntinued.) 