?^0. 8tory of a Qhoit. ' :.' . : ; Thb following story comes from Eng lftnd :^— Twenty-four mdn ! nsidiUg in a small town .were accustomed to meeft onoe a week in a large room to drink, amoke tobacco, and talk iwlitioa..,, Each member had his own chair. As one of the members, whom we will 'toll Lee, hod been ill for some time, his chair remained vacant. When the men met as usual one night inquiries were made for their associate,' ana it was announoed that he oould live but a few hours.' ?' This threw a gloom on the company, and all efforts to turn the conversation from the sad subject before them were ineffectual. About midnight the door opened; and the form, in white, of Mr. Lee walked into -the room: and1 took his seat in his accustomed chair. There he remained in silence, and in silence ? was he gazed at. At length he rose and stalked to wards the door, which he opened as if ' living, went out, and closed it after him. Terrified by what had happened,' and believing they had seen a : ghost, the club men stood not upon the order of their going, but went home in haste. In the morning inquiry revealed the fact that the sick man had died at about the time of his appearance in the ^club roam,' and 'nothing could now be more certain than the reality of the apparition. The story spread over the country and created considerable excitement,' but was finally forgotten. Years passed. One night a member of the club, a physician, was called to an' old nurse, who had attended Mr. Lee in his last illness, and to him she made a strange confession. 'On the night of Mr: Lee's death,' she said, 'I left the room for something I wanted. On my return, I found the bed without my patient ! He was delirious, and I feared had thrown himself out of the window. I was so frightened that I had no power to -stir ; but, after some time, to my great as tonishment, he entered the room, shiver ing, and his teeth chattering, laid himself down on the bed and died. Considering my negligence as the cause of his death, I kept this a secret. Although I could have contradicted the story of tbe ghost, I dared not do it. But I knew by .what - had happened that it was he, and not hio ghost, who had visited the clubroom.' 