cSmnmt. ' A SPIRITUAL HOUSE, A HOLY PRIESTHOOD.' ' Ye also, as living stones, are built up a spiritual house, to be a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God through Jesus Christ.' — 1 Peter ii. 5. We know, beloved, who it was that said— Thou art Peter, and 'upon this rock I will build My Church. We know, then, how to take these words, which came from the pen of the great apostolic confessor. As a living stone he speaks to living stones. His words are not 'the exm-ession of a sicnal and solitary grandeur conferred on himself,' but the simple witness of a universal and unchanging truth. We know who St. Peter was to whom the Master said — I toill give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. We know, then, how to guard these words from the narrowness, the partiality, and pride of the seen and temporal. As the first among brethren called to be apostles, he was the last to lay claim to any exclusive personal possession of the keys. Thanks be to God, we derive our knowledge of Christ and His Church not from what has been written1 with a bias in any given direction, but from what has been written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and in the freedom of the truth. As the Peter of the Christ, the Apostle speaks to his brethren with equal earnestness, simplicity, depth, and humility ; and so in a way which almost excludes the possibility of a doubt, he gives them all to know first what they were called to be, and next what they were called to do. The dispute, by-the-way, as you hardly need to be reminded, is a very old affair in the history of the Church and humanity. It has often been put to shame by the little child set in the midst by the Master Himself. It has never contributed one single atom to the building up of God's House. It has wrought untold mischief in many highly-gifted minds, and has more than anything else perpetuated an evil way of thinking and speaking of each other's standing in the House of God. There is every reason why, therefore, we should all take heed lest we be not consumed one of another. And we know who it is that wants to have us in his grasp, and what he wants to make of us in the malignity of his spirit. We know, then, how necessary it is that we should be turned again to know ourselves as St. Peter was, and so become instrumental in stablishing, strengthening, and settling others. It is not the Master's will that we should bite and devour one another, and should propagate ourselves in endless jealousy and faction. But it is His most holy will that we should know Him to be the Rock of our strength, the Life of our lives, and the Crown of our joy in the kingdom of His glory. It is His most holy will that as living stones we should be built up a spiritual house, a holy temple, for the final occupation of the Father of spirits and God of love. It is His most holy will that we should each be silently hewn and polished, prepared and perfected, built up and conformed to His plan and pattern. Evermore, in the face of this knowledge, let us put away all hurtful things, all guile and hypocrisies, all envies and evil-speaking, all that now appears to ' hinder us from godly union and concord.' Evermore, in the obedience of the faith thus revealed, let us submit to the guidance of the Holy Spirit. For the life of which He is the Giver He is also the Nourisher. The things of Christ, the fruits of His meritorious Cross and Passion, which make for life and its increase, are all at His disposal for our individual and common good. In the consciousness of the need whioh is as present to the new bora babe as to the full-grown man, may we learn day by day to live by this provision of our Father's unfailing love. In this communion and fellowship, let us realise what it is to be one stone — one living stone — among countless myriads of others, chosen and prepared and embodied in a spiritiial house, a destined palace of the Holy Lord God Almighty. By His mighty help let us put away once and for all our poor petty purposes and plans for personal and party glorification, and let us determine both to be and to do what becometh the holiness of His house for ever. For on such an occasion as this we may very well make clear to ourselves that our ? vocation and ministry has nothing to do with any worthiness of our own. It is not due to any merit of our own, but to the kindness of God our Saviour. According to His mercy He saved us, through the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost. It is by His gracious mercy, then, that we are built up a spiritual house, to be a holy priesthood. We may be sure, therefore, that our vocation and ministry has nothing to do with aims and ends of our own. As God made us for Himself, so He redeemed us for Himself. As His spirit united us in one holy bond of love and peace, so He called us to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ. So you see, beloved, what your standing really is in the Church of God. The Kingdom of God has been taken from the people on whom it was first bestowed, and has been given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof . The purpose of the beginning is the purpose of the end. The Christian Church is the embodiment of the Divine purpose to all the nations. As living stones we are built up a spiritual house, so that every separate stone may give forth the glory of God. Herein, then, every member has his vocation and ministry. The special duties and privileges of the clergy — the evangelising of the nations, the administration of the sacraments, the loosing of the penitent and the binding of the impenitent, the shepherding of souls— these proper functions of Divine order and appointment — do not ignore but imply the part and duty of every member of the Church. There is no excuse, either on the one hand or the other, for saying, Ye take too much upon yourselves. Whether clergy or laity, as living stones we are joined together in one holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church. There is one body and one Spirit even as ye are called in one hope of your calling — one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Fatlier of all. There are, indeed, diversities of gifts, but the same spirit of holiness. And there are diversities of ministration, and the same Lord. The Church, then, is one by reason of her Unity with her Divine Head ; one through the indwelling of the same spirit ; one inasmuch as she holds the faith once for all delivered to the saints ; one not by reason of any proud self-assertion, but -by reason of her apostolic orders ; 'one in her obedience of the faith and faithful administration of the sacraments; one in her devotion to her Lord. He is the Alpha and Omega of her worship, the light and joy and peace of her service, the only strength in which she permits herself to make her boast. And now, beloved, the Christian ministry is about to be perpetuated in the presence of you all. The thing to think of surely is not the frailty of men, but the exceeding greatness of the power in God. We have not now to begin to weigh the advantages of this means of pro pagating the Gospel, and to decide whether it be worthy of God, but to recognise the fact that it is the outcome of His loving mercy to the souls of men. The Church of England, it has been rightly said, has no doctrine as to apostolic succession, but she has what is far better— the very thing itself. Let us seek to understand it, and most thankfully accept it. Let us pray to Almighty God our Heavenly Father, who has purchased to Himself a universal Church by the precious blood of His dear Son, that He would bestow upon our brethren about to be ordained the necessary condition upon which alone they can know the greatness of the gift. Let us pray for them now, and let us follow them with our prayers for their Master's sake. It is easy to be cold and critical. But, beloved, when you fail to consider your true relation to them and to Him by whom they are sent; when at any time you neglect to make suitable provision for their needs, and leave them to be harassed and hindered by all sorts of cares ; when you require them to be learned without books, heavenly minded without leisure for anything like meditation, full of alms deeds without means— you are not only unreasonable, but unmindful of your own standing in the Church of Christ. The ministers of the Church ought certainly to be examples to the flock both in word and deed. They ought to be ready to endure as good soldiers of the Cross. They ought to be willing to lay down their lives in the service of the King, the Lord of Glory. But is it ever fair for the laity to excuse their own shortcomings by reference to the faults and failings of the clergy ? Is it right to raise the standard of duty in one direction so as to lower it in another? And is it ever wise to make light of the message because of the lowliness and weak ness of the messenger? For example, when you are ashamed to be attentive, or to be moved in any degree, because you imagine the brother who speaks to you is beneath your dignity, do you not in this fashion forget the peculiar excellency of a spiritual house and the essential worth of a spiritual sacrifice ? A little thought in regard to these things in relation to our living and glorious Redeemer might lead us all to a better mind in a spirit of true worship and thankful service. The priesthood of the laity, were it better understood and more thankfully accepted, would do much to uplift the glory of God in this and in all lands. Doubtless the Evil One has thought that many of us might be had for the asking, and doubtless he has been emboldened in his approaches by our unfaithful conduct ; but in the greatness of God's mercy are we not here to be turned.again ? Are we not here to confess our sins and receive the forgiveness of His great love ? Are we not here to be possessed anew of the power to serve His will ? The spiritual sacrifices are numberless which may be acceptably offered to God through Jesus Christ. They are here in the choir and there in the nave, in the offering of our souls, wills, affections, desires, and purposes. We have no sooner received the touch of that holy fire and blessed unction from above than we begin anew to do good and to communicate: in the instruction of the ignorant of all ages, in the relief of the distressed of all sorts, in the' care of the sick everywhere calling for every soothing help, in the raising of the fallen not many steps from our own doors, in the reclaiming of the vicious, in the rescue of the intemperate, in the deliverance of the oppressed. There is absolutely no end to the scope we all have for self-sacrificing effort of the kind that God requires. But now, dearly beloved brethren, called of God to be ministers m His holy Church, called to faithfulness unto death and everlasting glory, what remains for you but to draw near to the Master's feet in the way of His own most loving will, and to receive out of His fulness (-?k rod Tr\7}pd-^aros) and grace for grace. You have stood certain tests of character and attainment, and will now be presented to our Eeverend Father in God as persons apt and meet; but in this most solemn hour, in the presence of Him who knoweth all and loveth all, know in yourselves, I most humbly beseech you, the spiritual condition which can possibly fit you to receive a gift so unspeakably precious. God willeth that all men should be saved and come to the lcnowledge of the truth, and to this end He bestoweth upon us the exceeding greatness of His power. You have heard the voice of the Lord saying — Whom shall I send, and toho will go for us ? and you have said, and you are now saying, out of hearts cleansed and fixed — Here am I ; send me. Our' most earnest prayers are now ascending with your own, that with the solemn outward act of laying on of hands there may indeed be found in each of you this essential fitness to receive the corresponding inward spiritual gift, in power both to be the servants and to do the service of His most holy will who has called you to receive your portion in this ministry of salvation. 