Shrouded in Mystery OR. Which Girl Did He Marry? By Skipp Borlase, AUTHOB OF 'FOB TBBE LOVK'6 BAKE.' ''THBKB LOVKL* WOK^H,' 'DABKEB IHAS DKATU,' ' AK OCEAK SECRET, ' Becallbd to IiirE,' ' Biches to Buin,' 'Who Killed Jobs Cimeeon 1 ' ' The Police minister,' kto. CHAPTBB LI. * \T1LD JSIOUT BIDE— THE HACSTEn HOUSE IK GOOSE LAXK. ' It wasn't exactly a case of jumping out of the frying-pan into the fire, but it certainly ?was one of escaping from the tire no further than the frying pan, and for a luomitnt I*dv Hovrarth almoBt wished that she had fallen a victim to the itanicB while lying unconcious in the corridor of the north Her heart waa in her mouth, and she ooold answer her captor not a word, observ ing what he Mid with a sareaslic laugh : 'The provero uas il mai mieuee kivi.-b concent, so come along with vou pretty trembler. Kcod, you were a deal more willing to go with me once, and yon might have saved yonrsclf the necessity of repeat ing the action had you only forwarded me the very moderate Bum that I required for jour hire.' -For my hirer' Lady Howarth managed to Btamtner out. ' Yes. for your hire, certainly 1 You arc jny wife, and 1 only loaned you to Sir Barry, instead of Belling you to him for a lump Bum at the Market cross with a rope Tound your neck, as a common-place Rachi!a lelly would have done.' ' Liar,' exclaimed the trembling woman, n I am not, and never was your. wife. I once deemed myself such it is true, but the ceremony was a mucker » -uu » j,»un, ««- ,. u' now know full well, nnd 1 believe knew at the time, wherefore 1 am at. present as mueh Lady Howarth as though 1 bad never Been or heard of you.' i' All the better, for that fact will doubt and he will stump up all the more in order to get you back. I should think he would consider you worth & round thousand, for ?you're still uncommonly good looking, as far as I can judge by this light, and I should hardly imagine that he'd had time enough yet to get tired of you in— as I had.' ' What do you mean to do with me f' gasped bie captive. ' What prudent men often do with their treaBnre — bury yon nntil the time arrives when I can dispose of you to advantage.' ' Bnry me !' ' Yes, but in a roomy and airv enough coffin, so you need have no fear for your life. Dead, yon wouia oc 01 biuuu v»iu« indeed. Bat come, we can converse on the way, and, as someone or other writes, even time Is money.' ' I will appeal to everyone whom we en counter to rescue me from you.' 11 Thanks for snch a frank explanation, for It will exense the steps that 1 have adopted in order to prevent the possibility of yonr doing so. Come along quickly, and then yon will the Booner learn what they are,' and so saying he selted her by the wrist and forcibly propelled her forward. 'Oh don't don't,' cried Lidj Howarth ptteously,' yon are ss unjnst as yon are cruel, for I Bent you tha f uU nf ty pounds that you demanded, but both letter and enclosure chanced to fall into Sir— my husband's hands, and that was why jou 'Id not receive them. Oh, do not so cruelly persecute me when I am wholly undeserving of such treatment.' 'Folks don't persecute treasures— the word is inappropriate— for they only take tare of them. The money yon aay you sent me might just as well have been thrown down » well as far as I'm personally con cerned, since I never got it. And as 1 cannot manage to live upon mere promises and good intentions, and, through being a gentleman born, do not feel at all inclinal to labor for a. living, 1 consider that a good deposit In the bank, carrying compound interest u It were (and 1 really calculate on fretting compound interest out. of \ou). will be excessively pleasant and agreeable.' ' My husband — Bir Harry nowarlh— will think that I have perished amid the flames.' 'The young lady whom I euppese my appearance fngntenea irom your hiog i-mi x nut on my black mask for the express pur pose of doing bo) will, I doubt not, tell him a different tale. She is his daughter, I pre 'Oh, heaven, I had forgotten her,' ex claimed Bnth, distractedly. She U out of her mind, poor young thing, and Go3 alone knows what may happen to her while run ning about in no one's care. Oil, do pray eu&er; me to aeek her at once.' 'I'm too old a bird to be caught with Chaff. BeBidet Providence keeps an especial watch over children and fools they say, of Providence, and bo test the truth of the caaxlm. One woman is as much as I can manage with only one horse, or, hs.ngit, I might feel inclined to invest in her live '?Whither are you going to take me f' ' That's telling, and, unless I choose, you 11 never know.' ' Never V 'No, because you'U be blindfolded as well as gagged.' At this ominous explanation poor Lady Howarth Bhnefced aloua, ana trien ncr hardest to break away from her captor, whose iron grip, however, reduced her to passive obedience almost immediately, the cruel ruffian exclaiming, laughing all the while— 'Soream ywreself hoarse if yon like, for before we reach aspot where you caterwaul ing can possibly be isisrd by others, I ahaU have to put it out of yew power to make any wriae whatever. You escaped from me '?Because you accuicd me of having crrested and punished for a crime which I would rather have died than have committed. Yon were a villain and a coward to make Buch a charge when you must have known thai I was innocent.' 'I wasn't in a condition to kaow much, and perhaps X loved you to such an ettcnt that, believing myself to be dying, I couldn't bear the thought of leaving you behind me, and therefore made up my mindthat I would not, even though I forced you to rejoin me along the rough pathway of Die gallows,' ' Inhuman wretch, and, alas. 1 am once ' That's true enough, but the love that I've neea prating about no* eo cooled down tnat you will be nothing wlotc than my prisoner. You need not entertain the slightest fear that 1 shall ever again woo you, or court regard to you. A pot of ale and a pipe of tobacco have far greater attraction in my eyes. To me, now and henceforth, you are nothing more than a marketable commodity.' ' Thank heaven at all event* for that.' ' 'I shall also thank heaven, or the other place, if you tarn out as valuable a security asl'm fain to hope that you will. How ever, I must not eoun& my chickens before they are hatched, for it it, esteemed unlucky to do ao, and as this is mote a time for actions than for words — quich march t' And he once more forced her along by squeezing her wrist until the pressure amounted to agony every time that she ahowed the slightest inclination cither to stand still or escape from uim. Compelling her thus to proceed in what ever direction he chose, and by a route ?which may best be described as a circum bendibus one, he at last got his prisoner 4am into the lir grove skirting Clegg Hall Bane from which he had emerged on the day he stopped Sir Harrv's carriage and forced him to base his bride's arm for his inspec tion. Here Lady Bowarth came suddenly upon a powerful-looking brown horse fastened to a tree, and not only u.ddled. but bearing a pillion behind. 41 Yon perceive,' said Halcat£«i: greenwood carry you off by hook or by crook, iiari J. not met you (n the grounds I should hn9i! boldly entered the house in quest of you. for I knew very well what was taking place there, and so timod my arrival that Bir Harry and his guests, including the jolly maraon, should be too drocfc to be able even ?tostand np lo receive me, whtle as to the wrvauts, if they hadn't chanced to ba in the mm* condition I had a constable's bates, and ? mook warrant for your arrest, and ibosU have posed aa a law ofiiccr of the Crown, a Intew v.-neratio'n. Bmi.im all that. I ku-w that 1 hud anally within th.' waita. in the sbijii' of iin eaiimabli! la I.- wr-o has perhaps been r.ll alongn ili'al more the miatreu of the establishment than \ouraclf, and who would let me take my prisoner away through the back garden nnd gale, sj lhat there Bhuuld have been ae little ri-k of disturbance and scandal as possible. However, now to busi Bo aaying, he puBhod her violently up Bslicd a rope up from beneatb the luxuriant ferna, and bound it around both her Blender waiBt and the trunk. This done, be next drew out of the dense under-growth of ferns a small bundle, and wUh what seeuic.l to bo a very thick veil attached to it ; but when he had brought it right up to her Euth ncrciivn! that the veil, which wns of closely knitted black wool, had insi.'.e. of it, and secured on to it, a leather mask without eyelet holes, but having a buckle and a strap behind it, and a sort of steel spur attached to it, so as to enter the mouth of a prisoner and pin down her tongue in a way that Bile should be unable to give utterance to an articulate sound. ' Oh, don't put that dreadful thing on me, you cruel autl rcmoraelcBS monster,' cried Lady Howortb in an agony of apprehension. ' Needs must, unfortunately, knowing what a slipncrv customer 1 have to deal with. But if you keep your tongue as still vou in the least, am] there are perforations in the nose for you to breathe through, while as for the uneomeliness of the thing, out of regard to tout vanity 1 njuk vaie lu»i. mr veil shoul.i'be bo thick that even the closest observer would not know that you had it on underneath. But now to don it, for Lime creeps on apace, and I'm anxious to get yon under lock and key a8 quickly as possible.' It was no use to resist hir fate, for the fate was clearly not to be avoided, and she knew foil well that to oppos.' it would only subject her to harsh violence and in dignity. So Lady Hownrth opened her mouth for the admission o[ the spur, which was shaped exactly like that of a witch's brWIc. and t he way that she could neither see nor utter the 'Now' exclaimed ITalcamus Greenwood, '1 shall unWn.l you from the tree; keep ^ur hand in mine while 1 mount the liorac. an'lth.n ,iou will havi- to feel for m.v foot sapping atone up iuto the pillion. If you miss your spring at the first attempt you will only have to try and tryagnin until you Bucceed.' but you won't miss it if you arc careful.' Poor Ruth had no option but to attempt the feat, and when the trying moment came she, happilv. did not miss her spring, but alighted safely on the pillion. ' Hold me tightly round the waist, now,' said HalcamuB Greenwood approvingly, 'for you've a bit of rough riding to encounter, by reason that I intend to crosB country aB straight as the crow flics. The lact is the owner of snch a treasure can t take too many precautions againBt losing it on the way. Now look out, for oft we go,' and setting spurs to his nag he trotteil out of the fir provi: through the gap in the nerlge. Five minutes later they were fording the River Beal, with the water up lo the saddle flaps and over Lady Howarth's ankles, who was afraid to draw her feet up for fear she BhouM los? her balance and topple over on the other side. The opposite bank gained they sped across the fields to the south of Clover Hall, leaping everv ertge that obstructed their course, Greenwood invariably shouting out ' Hold on tight now, here's another I' half a minute before the horec rose to the jump ; yet, spite of the warning, his prisoner often almost lost her seat and was within an ace of falling. It was a wild night ride to her, blind ard dumb as 6he was, and expecting every moment that her neck would be broken in seme terrible fall. I'resently, however, she heard a church clock strike three in the morning, which sue rcco«nisoi! in an instant as that of S. Chad's at ltoclidali-.and evidently very near by. Perhaps it all at once occurred 10 Green wood that the Bound would be sure to srike a chord of memory in her heart, anil that as thev would tell her whereabouts she was he might just as well himself enlighten her a little further. Anvhow, ho said mockingly, » The worst is over, fair treasure, and in less than a. quarter of an hour we'll be safely housed where none will dare invade, even in the broadest sunsnine 01 a midsummer uaj . me cage, the safe, the Btrong man, call it which vou choose, in which I intend to deposit my treasure is the old haunted house in Goose Lane, wherein holy nuns once chanted their vesper hvmns, and where their unquiet spirits now shriek and wail the livelong 111 He could feel the thrill which this intelli gence ocasioned his captive, and he chuckled sardonically at having so well succeeded in awaking her superstitious terrors, which, as he believeed in neither heaven nor hell, he was utterly incapable of sharing. But the old house had iu tale, and it was a terrible one, me Dare onwuje ul 11 uwug that when the Eoyol Hluebeard, Henry tho Eighth, confiscated the revenues of the religious houses in order therewith to bribe his rapacious nobles to use their powerful inguince to bring about a change of faith throughout tte land, a parly of Koyal Com missioners arrived at the Convent of Good Shepherd, nigh unto Bwhdale. effected an entrv, with terrible threats compelled the s!?te~rhood, six only in number, to take down and bufD their crucifixes and statues of saint* and martyrs, their misBals and other books of devotion, and directly as they had thus, as it were, abjured their faith, had violated and then murdered them. Casting their bodies into a small subterranean vault, five feet deep and two yards square, and then covering np its entrance eo that its very existence ifcould not be suspected, they gave it forth thai tie nuns bad quitted the place before their arri»ci, which being believed they cacaped all pumihuflnt for their atrocious crime, nottiitcuvei^uiu* i_j,j^uuii*.. ' Hut when the awful tomb was opened there C7Cre the sixteen skeletons, and though the dvv ijenee were cast into the cbarnei house inS. Chad's churchyard, the ghosts of the murdered nuns, libei-alal by the removal of the Hagstonc Iron, i'jofe their place of sepulchre, took possession at fbe convent once more, weeping, wailing, and cringing their hands because the gates of heaven were for ever closed against tli.'m by reason that tfcey bad abjured their faith rather than endure persecution, and had lost their liveB before they had had t;mc to repent them of From the lane they had often been beheld. birds flutter!;? fgain.t the bars of a eage into which they have *Mt Iwen thrust, where fore the lane came to the e-Ued Qhoit Lane, which was in later years corrupted into No wonder that, knowing the history of the haunted house as well as she did, Larty Howarth felt that she would juat as soon, aye, even^rather, have bpen laid in her own grave than fce confined therein, but 6he was utterly unable w express these emoliona ; indeed, independent of tcing ' wngue-tied,' she was breathless from the ipsed at which sin- had ridden and the roughntas U m.uou otihe way, from the flyiog leaps that had been taw-u and the frequency with which the hcavily-lnlca horse had all but come ' a cropper ' over (iem, which things a'l combined ba'i dragged iar beautiful arms almost out of their sockets, so lauaciously hail she been obliged to cling areaud Halcamus Grecnis-ooi with them in order to save herself from what, had it happened, muBt have been a dangerous and might have been a fatal fall. Castle Hill presently loomed darkly before Hut thev approached it no nearer, for, suddenly turning out of the bridle-track that U now the Manchester road, into a lield, the old houst- rose just bifore them, with its UU quaint chimney suck*, and high pitched roof, tfctt waBgreeo with moss, grass, and house loot, and backed at a little distance by a hawtboru hedge .'h£t marked the siuuous course of Qhost Line. Of coura' Ladv Howarth coul.! see nothing I of all thin, but when Halcamns Greenwood brought his reeking horse to a standstill, ana. zju^niy naie ner get uuwn ua ubsi une could, itlt yery naturally felt that they mu6t bo at llie toi p£ their journey. No BODner had she (SOBtJ t* /4-c was ordered , and fortunately alighted on her teet, .than Greenwood dismonnted in turn, and dro^/e his horse into what looked to be the reins of a cow shed. He thengrMped his captive by an arm and. jiving j icnlarly, ' And now to place r| my treasure where, though tbo moth may I very probably corrupt, it is not. at all likely I that the thieves will break through and steal,' he led her towards the bouse. CHAPTBE HI. INSIDE THE HAUNTED HOOBK IK OOOSE LANE — 1IALCAMTJ& GRKEKWOOD T0KK6 C0HF0HT13H. Goose Lane, in the year 171B, bad not nnotl.c house in or anywhere near it, Indeed only three houscB had been seen, or ap proached in any degree near, during tne whole of that wild night ride, though the cjursc covered nntil Oastlelon Hall waB neared was exactly that which is now traversed by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. Rochdale, in fact, was bounded, south of the river, by Drake-street, as it is now called, and nothing lay beyond that unfinished thoroughfare except fields and laneB, with a little cluster of cottages here and there, at intervals very wide apart, and manaions and farm homesteads still more sparingly dotted over the fair campaign country which stretched away in the directions of Man chester ami Oldham, both of which towns we e then as innocent of tall chimncyB and clankiug machinery as was Rochdale Uself. The old convent, of which not a trace now exists, though there did some thirty vrars ago, stood therefore quite alone, and fully a quarter of a mile distant from any other building. 11 was Br oposed to have been built as long ago as the reign of William Rufus, and to have once b^cn a preceptory of Knights Templars, but its architecture showed many traces 01 even tne cany luaor Denoo. Anyhow, it was fast mouldering to decay, for w'heu occe a houBc becomeB haunted it is not. in general long lived, and the Nunnery, as it was sometimes called, waB already in a slate of collapse, for many of its walls were leaning out of the perpendicular, the roof bad more than one yawning gap in it, and most of the chimncv stacks were crumbling away piecemeal. Greenwood led Lady Howarth up to tbe front door, which he opened with a key which he had in Ilia pocket, and hastily drew her into the interior. Then he let go of her altogeter, relocked the iloor with care, bolted and chained it in aldition, and pushing his captive before him navigated her aB it were, into a pitch dark chamber, where he bade her stand Blill until hi' struck a light. He seemed aB tnougu groping auoui in a cupboard for the mattirialB to effect this, and then the Bhirp clicking of a tlint and steel waa heard for a few seconds, and directly it ceased Lady Howarth felt Greenwood's fingers at work upon the straps and buckles of her leather head gear. The next instant she was relieved of it, mask, veil, and hat coming ofi together. But, though her tongue was Bet free by the sled Epur being removed from her mouth, she made use of her eyes first, and the candle which flickered from a bottle on the wooden window Beat showed her that she was iu a room which waB entirely bare of furniture, surrounded by a high wainscot ing of oak, and having a ceiling of the same. The window seemed to be a large one, but it was strongly boarded up, »ud the open hearth had evidently been innocent of a nre A more dreary or comfortless prison house could not easily have been imagined, and HalcamuB Greenwood, reading from his captive's dismayed looks what she thought of it, at last condescended to speak Borne words of comfort to her. 'Ruth,' said he, 'I've not brought you here either to punish or persecute you, but simply to make money of you, and I hope, captivity may be short, and really I do not see how it can be long. I know that the place looks uninviting enough, but 1 cannot allow vou a fire because tbe smoke coming from the long disused chimney might attract attention to the old house, and lead to its being invaded by those who would set you free without the slightest profit to myself. For much the same reason 1 could not bring more necessaries into the place than I was able to Bmnsgle in my pockets or otherwise about my person during the course of some half-doren nightly visits. However, there are sufficient candles to hut a week, and enough provisions for the same period, and they are as good in quality aB 1 could procure. Hiforc th;y are gone I shall bring more, and I trust news of your apuroach ;no lihprntion as well. Everything is in that cupboard, a book or two included, which I hope will make the lime appear leas long to vou. For the real I ahall lock yon in thia one apartment as a necessary precaution, but for no other reason, and 'pon mv soul I think your life and health will be safer here than perhaps thev have been at Clegg Hall. The windows are hoarded up, not to prevent your looking ont of them, but ao that no one shall see you doing it from the lane, so fret as little ns you can help, and reBt assured that all will 'come right in the end.' It was a far gentler and more humane speech than Lady Howarth had «xpected from him, and it encouraged her to ask, as she sank into the broad window Beat, which was evidently tn Berve h'-r for a bed by night as well as for a coucn by aay, 'What doyou intend to call me to Sir Harry, your wife or your Bister in-law?' sake, as well as yours, you may rest assured that 1 shall not let the cat out of the bag.' ' I have longed to do eo Bcores and scores of times, Sioce the once believed-in dire necessity has pasBed away mv conscience has pricked me most unmercifully for the duplicity that I have practised towards Sir perhaps — '?' ' Hot perhaps, but mostassuredly, I should call you a little fool for not teaohing that rebellious conscience of yours better man ners,' Halcamns Greenwood interrupted with a laugn. ror hy sucn a contessiou you would openly proclaim your father, mother, nnd sister to be swindlers as well as yourself, for no shrewd man of the world would believe but that they were all iu the swim along with yourself. And then what corresponding good would such a confession effect by way of counter - balancing bo much certain mischi-f and evil? Why, if the baronet -callv loves yon, and I don't think there can be ail? doubt about that, the knowledge of the truth might make him miserable for life, and perhaps even tend to shorten hiB days.' ' I have thought of all that too. I feel like a shuttlecock beaten to and fro between two battledores.' .'Then drop to the ground, and no longer fctr £beir bufiets. Your Becret ifi not your own, and tare no' rfght to wreck the happi ness and the reputation of others from mere idle sentiment and nothing mqrr. Wftat has been done can't be undone, bo take my advice and make the very best that you can ont of altered circumstances. I leave you now with the repeated a&suranoe; that no harm will come to you in this old house, and it shan't be my fault if you are in it long. How, is there anything else that I can do for you ?' Lady Howarth shook her head, for tears prevented ]igr further utterance, teurs wrung from 1i?t by terror at being left in each a Bat the tight of them was quite eufficlcnt to make Halcamua Greenwood take himself Bo, slipping out of the room, he locked the door on the oateiile. pocketed the ker, des cended the stairs in the dark, and quitting ^ha bouse at once mounted his horse and rode uko^ to Manchester at a pace which would bring lur^ to the Bhelter of his ac customed haunu befo¥o dc.y dawn, for he was far too prudent and wary t rascal to show himself in the neighborhood of Boefa dalc within at least twenty-four hours of Mie disappearance of his captive and hostage trom /Clegg Hall. As for that captive herself, Bhe bad fallen tnaBwoon to the £oor cyan before he was out of the old ramshackle hpuse. [To be Continued Sbst Wedsesdav.j The Bkliohtekcd HiElKEUS ay Bxa LAKD.— ' The director of the Busilan Steam Navigation and Trading Company has,' says the London Billy Telegraph, 'just inued to all the captaiua and offlc r» of tbe fleet a printed circular embodying a report of the recent collision between the British Gbanncl ateamers Scaford and Lion. The eutulfcl pal's attention to the aplendid discipline', adi^rLb^c obedience, and praise worthy coolness and' ^tomptitude of the commandcts, officers, and orews'ot the col liding vessels, thanks to which there was~not only no casualty to life or limb, but the whole of the passengers' baggage and other effects were aaved. After speaking in ^'ery laudatory terms of the ' enlightened uu-rinefA1 of England, the director holdB np this particular' incj&at; ap an example to Banian seamen,' 