SONS OF FIRE. by miss braddon. All rights reserved. chapter XXVIII.— (Continued.) J rom the first hour that he played by tho camp fire, on the third night after they left Bagamoyo, Geoffrey's music had given him a hold over the more intelli- gent members of the caravan. They had listened at first almost as the dog listens, and had been ready to lift up their heads and howl as tho dog howls. Iiut gradually those singing sounds had exercised a sooth ing influence, they had sprawled at his feet, a ring of listeners, with elbows on tho ground, looking up at him out of onyx eyes that flashed in the firelight. Among their followers there were some Makololos from the Shire Valley, men of superior courage and determination, a finer race than the common herd of African porters, of the same race as those faithful followers of Livingstone's first great jour ney, who afterwards became chiefs and rulers of the land. These Makololos adored Geoffrey. His music, the achievements of his Winchester rifle, that ardent.' fitful tem perament of his, exercised an extraordinary influence over these men; and it seemed as if they would have followed hiin without fee or reward, for sheer love of the man himself; not for meat, and cloth, and beads, and brass wire. Never a word said Geoffrey or Allan 0? that one woman whose image filled the minds of both. They talked of other people freely enough. Each spoke of his mother tenderly, regretfully even. Allan taking comfort from the thought of Lady Emily's delight in her farm, the cccupali'ou and interest which every change of the seasons brought for her. Such letters as bad reached him on his wanderings had been resigned and uncomplaining, although dwelling sorrowfully upon the husband she had lost. "He used to live so much apart, shut in his library day after day. and only joining ine In the evening, that I could hardiy have believed my life could seem so empty without him. But I know now how much liis presence in the house — even bis sileut, unseen presence — meant, for me; and I realise now how often I used to go to bim, interrupting his dreamy life with my petty household questions, my little bits of new froin the farmyard or the cowhouses, or the garden. He was so kind and sympathetic. He would look up from his books to in terest himself in some story about my Bralmias or my Cochins, and if he was bored, he never allowed me to see the faintest sign of impatience. I think he was the best aud truest man that ever lived. And my Allan is like him. May God pro tect and bless my dearest, my only dear, in all the perils of the desert." Lady Emily's mental picture of Africa represented one far- reaching waste of level sand, a desert flatness incompatible with a spherical earth, pervaded by camels, and occasionally varied by a mirage. A pair of pyramids — like tall candlesticks at the end of a boardroom table — a sphinx and a crocodily river occupied the north-east corner of this vast plateau, while Hie south- j west was distinguished by a colony of os triches, and the place to which Indian offi cials used to resort for change of air some fifty years since. To these narrow limits were restricted Lndy Emily's notions of the continent on which her son was now a wanderer. She feared that if he got out of the way of crocodiles I10 might fall in with the ostriches, which doubtless were danger ous when encountered in large numbers; and she shuddered at the sight of her favorite feather fan. Mrs. Wornock's letters wore in a sadder strain. The key was distinctly minor. She wrote of her loneliness, of tho monotonous days; the longing for the face that had vanished. "My organ talks to me of you — Bach, Beethoven, Mozart, Mendelssohn, all tell me the samo story. You are far away — away for a- long time — and life is very sad." There was not a word of Susette in those letters. If she was ever at the manor, if his- mother retained her affection and found solace in her society, there was no hint of that consoling presence. It might be that the girl hated the house because of tbat vehement stormy love which had assailed her there; the love that would not let her' be faithful to a more reasonable lover. "And yet — and yet!" thought Geoffrey, hardly caring even in his mind to put the question positively. In his innermost consciousness there was the belief that she loved him — him, Geof frey Wornock — that she had refused him perversely and foolishly, out of a mistaken sense of honor. She would not marry Allan, whom she did not love; and she refused to marry Geoffrey, whom she did love, In order to spare her jilted lover the pain of seeing a rival's triumph. "But I am not beaten yet," Geoffrey told himself. "When 1 go back to England — If I but find her free — I. shall try again. Al lan's wounds will have healed by that time; and oven hor Quixotic temper will have satisfied itself by the sacrifice of two years of her lover's life. 'When I go back!" Musing sometimes on that prospect of tho homeward journey, whether returning by the road they had come, cr dropping down southward by Tri- vier's route to tho Nyassa or the Zambesi, or by the more adventurous westward route by the forest aud the Congo, the way by which Trivier bad come to the hike, whichever way was eventually chosen, Geoffrey asked himself if the three travel lers would all go back? "One shall be taken and the other left." Throughout the record of African travel ...there ia that dark feature of the story; the traveller who is left behind. Some times It Is the fever fiend tbat lays a scorching hand upon the fearless adven turer, flings him down to suffer thirst and pain and heaviness, aud delirious horrors,, iu tbo foul darkness of a bee-hive hut, to die in a dream of home, with shadowy faces looking down at him, familiar voices talking with him. Sometimes lie falls in a ring of savage foes, hemmed round with hideous faces, foes as fierce aud Implacable 'as lion or ieopard; foes who kill for the sake of killing; or cannibals, for whom man is the choicest banquet. The hazards of the pilgrimage take every shape — death by drowning, death by massacre, death by smallpox, or jungle fever, death by starva tion, by the bursting of a gun, by beasts of prey. In every story or travel there is always that dark page which tells of the man who is left. Dillon, Farquhur, the two Pococlcs, Jameson, Bartelott, "Weissembur- gttr — the ghosts that haunt the pathway of tropical Africa are many; but those melan choly shadows exercise 110 deterring Influ ence on the traveller who sets out to-day, strong, elate, hopeful, inspired by an eager curiosity which takes no heed of trouble or of risk. "Which of us three is to stay behind?" Geoffrey asked himself in a gloomy wonder. Not Palrington. He had come to the stage at which the traveller bears a charmed life. It is seldom the experienced wanderer, the mun of many journeys, who falls by the wayside. Hot-beaded youth, bold in Its Ignorance of danger, perishes like a bird caught in a trap. The strong frame of tho trained athlete shrivels like a leaf in the hot blast of fever. The careless boatman tempts the perils of a difficult passage, and is swept over the stony bed of the torrent, and vanishes In the fathomless pool. The hardened traveller knows what lie is about, and can reckon with tho forces of that gl- 1 gantic nature which he faces and dfcfles. It is the tyro who pays the price of hm I inexperience, and, in the history of A'rican ( travel, the survival of the fittest is tno 1 rule. , , ; "Which of us?" That question had en tered into the very fabric of Geoffrey s thoughts. Sometimes, sitting by the camp- fire as the chilliness of night crept around them, a grisly fancy would flash across his reverie, and he would think that the : pale mist that rose about .Allan's figure, 011 the other side of the circle, was the \islou- ary shroud which the Highlander sees upon I the shoulders of a friend marked for death. ... „ ? "Would it be Allan?" If it were Allan, he Geoffrey, would hasten home to tell the sad story, and then — to claim her whoso too tender conscientiousness had refused happiness at Allan's expense. . Allan gone, there would be no reason why she should deny her love. tt "For I know, I know that she loves me, Geoffrey repeated to himself. He had been telling himself that story ever since he left England. No denial from those lovely lips, no words of scoin, would convince' him that he was unloved. Ho could recall looks and tones that told another story. He had seen tho gradual change in her which told of an awakening heart. "She never knew what. love meant till she knew me," he told himself. Did he wish for Allan's death? No, there was no j such hideous thought in the dark laby- | rinth of his mind; or, at least, he believ- S ed that there was not. One must perish. : He had so brooded over the story of former ; victims that he had taught himself to look ' upon 0110 lost life as inevitable. But the lot was as likely to fall upon hlra as upon Allan. More likely/since liis ha.bits were more reckless aud more adventurous than Allan's. If there was danger to be found he and his Makalodos courted it. Sboot- ; ing expeditions, raids upon uufriendly vil lages. haud-to-hand skirmishes with Mi- raiubo's brigand Lribtw; be and his Maka- lolos were ready for anything. He had I travelled over hundreds of miles with his ! warlike little gang— exploring, shooting. ! fighting— while Patringtou and Allan were ; living in dreamy inaction, waiting for bet- ; tec weather, or for the recovery of half I a dozen ailing pagazis. Assuredly he who ran such superfluous risks was the more likely to fall by the way. Well, death is a solution of a LI difficulties. "If I am dead, it will matter to rae very little that my bright, ineffable coquette is transformed into a sober, middle- aged wife, and that she and Allan are smiling at each other across the family breakfast- table, in a commonplace domestic paradise. But while £ live aud am young I shall think of her and long for her, and hate , the luckv wretch who wins her. If we : should both go back; if Patrlngton's tough , bones are the bones that are to whiten I by the way, and not Allan's or mine, why, I then, wo shall again be rivals; and the ! years of exile will be only a dream that I. we have dreamt." I It was a strange position In which these I two young men found themselves. Friends, almost as brothers in the close Intimacy of ; that solitude of three, only three civilised thinking beings amidst a crowd of crea- I tures who seemed as far apart us if they ' had belonged to the forest fauna — the great I antelope family — or the Simian race; these 1 two, so nearly of an age, reared in the same j country and the same social sphere, united and sympathetic at every point of contact between mind and mind, and yet keeping this one deep gulf of silence between them. They spoke to each other freely of all things, except of lier; and yet each knew that she was the one absorbing subject in the mind of the othor. Each knew that her image went aiong with them, was never absent, never less distinctly lovely, even when the way was fullest of hardship and peril, when every yard 'of progress meant I a struggle with thorns that tore them, and bnunbles that lashed them, and the tough, rank verdure-carpet that clogged their feet. Neither had ever ceased to re member her, or to think of these adven turous days as anything else than exile from her. "Whatever interest or enjoyment there might be in that varied experience cf a land whero beauty and ugliness alterna ted with startling transitions, it was not possible that either Allan or Geoffrey could forget the reason they were there, far from the fair faces of women and from all the ease and pleasantness of civilised life. Geoffrey had the better chance of obli vion. sineo those wild excursions and ex plorations of his afforded all tho excite ment of the untrodden and the hazardous. Tho caravan road from tho coast to Ujiji, with all its varieties of hardship, was too beaton a track for this fiery spirit. At every lialting-place ho went off at a tan gent; and If his comrades threatened not to wait for Ills return, ho would pledge himself to rejoin them further on. laugh ing to scorn every suggestion that he and his little company of Makololos and Wan- yamwesis could lose themselves in the wilderness. Ho was more in touch with the men thau Allan — as familiar with their ways and ideas as Patringtou after many yean)' travel, lie had learnt their languages with a marvellous quickness — not tho copious language of civilisation and litera ture. be it remembered— but the terse and useful vocabulary of the camp and the hunting-ground, the river and the road. He understood his men aud their different temperaments as few travellers learn to understand, or desire to understand them. And yet there was but little Christian benevolence nt the root of this quick sym pathy and comprehension. Although, as an Englishman, Geoffrey would have given no sanction to the sale and barter of his fellow-creatures, these dark servants were to .him 110 more than slaves — so much carrying power aiul so much fighting powor, subject to his domination. It pleased him to know their characters, lo be able to play upon their strength and weakness, their ferocity and their greed, just as surely as he manipulated the stops of the great organ at Diseombe. These Africans gave a name of their own choosing to almost everybody. They chris tened the great sultan of the interior Tippo- Tib, because of a curious blinking of his eyes. Captain Trivier obtained his nick name on account of his eye-glass. Another man was named after his spectacles. The Sultan of Ujiji was called l'toumariza — "It Is elided" — because he had succeeded iu re ducing belligerent tribes to peaceful set tlement. For the Englishmen iu particular, Africa could always find a nickname, based on some insignificant detail of manner or appearance. For Englishmen in general she had found a nobler- sounding name. She called them Sons of Fire. Geoffrey, with his tireless energy, his rapid decision, his angry impatience "of de lay, seemed to liis followers the very highest exemplar of the fiery race that can persevere and conquer difficulties which the native of the soil recoils from as in surmountable. Sons of Fire! Where they not worthy of tho name, those white num. when far out in midstream, while the boatmen bent and cowered over their paddles, those English men looked in the race of the lightning aud sat calm and unmoved while day darkened to the pitchy blackness of a starless midnight, and the thunder re verberated from hill to hill, with roar upon roar and peel upon peel, like the booming of heavy batteries, and anon crashed and rattled with a sharper, nearer sound. Blinding lightning, torrential rain, war of thunder and tempestuous waters! wero all as nothing to these sons of fire. Their spirits rosq amidst hurrlcano or thunderstorm; they were full of life and gaiety whilo the cockleshell canoes wer# being tossed upon the short, choppy seL like forest loaves upou a forest brook, and when every sudden gust threatened de struction. They laughed at peril, and In sisted upon having the canoes out when their native followers saw danger riding on the wind and death brooding over the waters. They met the spirit of murder, and were not afraid. Tliey lay down to sleep in the midst of an unknown wilder- uess, with savage beasts lurking in the darkness that surrounded their tents. They forded rivers that swarmed with crocodiles — horrible stealthy creatures, swimming deep down below the surface of the water, tho placid, beautiful water, with lotus flowers sleeping in the sunlight, and scaly monsters waiting underneath in tho shadow. (To ho continued.) 