-tSA PEARAN GE M, laoR, DRW E.T. A MYSTERY. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of ' The House by the Common," "Wedder burn's Wil," "The Westlakes," &c.; Published by special arrangerest with Messrs. Ward, Lock 4? Bowden, Lid. [ALL BIGHTS REIsERVS.J CHAPTER XV. ASOACLT Al." BATTERY. After dinner that evening Florence left her cousin to his own resources, but at eleven o'clock came down from Ann's room to bid him good-night. '" Dn t let them turn out the lights," he said. "It no use mygoing yet. I may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hoar or more." She clasped her hands nervously as she looked down into his upturned face. "No use going where!' she faltered. "On the watch, to be sore. ' "Oh, Arnold,' she cried, "I hoped you had had enough of this." "Eoonuh! I haven't begun. Why, Fioy, I told you I meant to shadow that woman like death." " Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. Mr Fairford was a friend offather's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you called at his house and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Piease, Arnold, give in to me in this." " Sorry, Floy, but it can't be done," he answered. "It paO?les me you take such an interest in the chap. Yon haven't known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I've discovered the truth, you I be thankful I stood firm for once in my life." She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repone npan two chairs. Shortly after midnight, be became eager to be doing something. It was a cool, fresh night, and he turned up his coat collar as be quitted the house. Then he took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Rodger, he waited there two weary ho=rs, no sound fell upon his ears save the striking of the distant church clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowing of a restless chanticleer. It was eleven the next morning when he came down to breakfast. "No luck last night," he said. "Of course, I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was ! Well, Ploy, we'll see who tires tirnt" Arnold Derwent was not the only person in Bookfield who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After oing dutifully to church on Sunday evening, . -- ' ttage, a clean o. f extremely L. t ;. at a convenient .. : :e . -ard-toe field of "_ .. --v . ..ot - . : \---'d a,: .. ?- r tq r ...u n.r." .:= : up the assertion with a .q-a g?faw, as he drew his huge boots jisfarther beneath his chair. " If it wamnt a ghost," sail Mrs Mogford, "I don't see no harm done. A person can walk what time she likes and no harm done, if as be she is a person; what do you say, father!" "I say the same as you say, Emma," answered Mogford, who from long-experience found this a plan wnich saved trouole and ll-.fee?ng. He was a thick-set, bow-legged, dreary-faced man, with a shock of bosgot red hair, and an invariable smell of earth about has clothes. "'Well soon find out that 'ere,' said James, the younger born. " ow's that, Jim!' asked Tizzie ; "how are yon going to find out!" " sastch and see, Liz. Ain't that reason? If yon want so find out what a thing as, just loos at It, and there y'are. You're in it, John " "I'm there, James." "'I don't know bhut what Ill make another," said Mogford, senior; "oeh, missuns?" Between a desire to afford her rash off spring the natural protection of their father and to preserve her bhusband from danger, Mrs Mogford wavered; but at last the plot was hatened, and Lizzie told Florence all abont it on Monday morning. Later in the day, meeting Owen Fairfora in the village. Florence stopped. He asemed entarely to have forgotten his embarrassment at The Rookery the other night, and after some casual remarks, asked after Ann. "She as dying fast,' was the reply. "Dr t'ires doubts wnether she will live through the day. I should not have left her, onsy he ins~ated that I should come out for half an hour." When presently her small hand rested a moment in his rather large one, she longed yet did not dare to warnm him of the rod in ickle. Not only was Arnold on the watch, but the Mogfords also; and, between them, surely Owen man be compelled to suffer. And tnore was another, still more rigilant, entreLy nsuspeced either by Florence or Owen. Joe Bldger, having gained anink lng of the Mogford scheme at the Lion, regarded it as a design to take the breadout of his own open month. But when, about five o'clock, the clonada which had been lowermg all day bunrt furiounsly over Book field, Joe rejoiced. If the Mogfordswereso ill-adv.ed as to turn out, they would secure only a ducking for their pains; nobody else ras o aly to follow their example I Ac.ooraegly, he himself turnedinateleve, an was lying listening to the rain pattert ing cn u?he roof overhead, when he heard a Cor opened and closed, and reached his lock-ont just m time to see a tall, dark figure leave the gate, to all appearances the Same in en ery respect as s , except that intead of, or, for all he could stee, as welt as, harmg toe face hidden by a veil, an rubrells was held low down over the head. Ardently as Joe longed to follow, he care: not. Besides the obvious diicu:ty ta re was not suitably clad at the moment to brave tthe storm; if the Mogfords defied the elements and watched, there woeld ense a fr?cas, from which it was discreet if Joe arsented nimselL Leantime, three red heads, covered by as mra black hats, were bowed behind the churchya;d wall, a few yards from the latch Pte Ine era beatpiteouaslydownuponthem, camsc Mcgrao senior to wish he had left the bazard io his os, whom no weather, good or had, could h~a kept from the ttinpatoed sport. "'?- arter," ejaculated John, as the .rOE clock struck nalf.passt midmght. am owmuch more ofl tsl that's what I'd lie to kn0w," grumbled Mogford, tryng to twi maneit s that the ran should not faano its way down his neck. "s iaotl'" whispered John. "I heard P~cing their heada close together, they nid attenuvely Yes, throegn the noise of the pouring rain t Gislonguoehsd heavy, regular bootatesa, aP-raun. g slowly. Lok aere," mormured James, ' me and Te' bide, wole a you go to gate, John. ."otme, Jame. Me and fatha'dlbide hi you $o on ahead," "Or maybe father'd be the beat," answered James, no longer coveting the leadership. "Stick together, one and all, I say," answered Mogford. A thrill of soppressed excitement was common to the three. " She's coming," whispered John. Raising their head above the wall they all peered over. Two sets of teeth chattered, and Mogford, whose.teeth were, for the most part, things of the past, quaked in his shoes. There was she tall figure in black, just as Lizzie described it. save the face was hidden byan umbrella. The ponringrainprevented the three watchers from clearly distinguish ing any details, except the left hand hang. ing hare. As it drew level with their ambush, the Mogfords stooped lower and crept along under the shelter of the wall to wards the lych gate. Then Mogford senior opened it. " We won't stand no nonsense," said .Tames, evincing a courteous desire to sacy behind and shut the gate; but the others waited for him, and three abreast they advanced to meet the tall black figure. Stopping right in frontof it, they effectually barred the way. Next moment the umbrella was raised, and, to their utter astonishment and confusion, they found themselves face to face with Owen Fairford. He -as clad ! in a long black mackintosh; and, what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, and their preconceived opinions, it had been quite easy to mistake his sex. "Well," he exclaimed, "what do you want ? You appear to occunpy a good deal? of the highway." Mogford felt that he wasin a quandary. He scarcely knew what explanation to offer, and after rubbing his head for some seconds in confusion, stammered an ap-logy, and, followed by his two sons, beat an undignified retreat As be declared subsequently, you might have knocked him down with a feather; and his wife summed up the whole 0ase: 'Liz is just crazed," she aid. But the mindents of the night were not at an end yet. True to his word, Arnold Der went had watched and waised in vain. If he had not paid that visit to Forest Pro. Spect, doubtless, as "he continually told Florence, the woman would have come forth and delivered herself into his hands ere now. But to-night seemed to him pro pitions. Owen Fairford would not give him credit for sufficient perseverance to brave the elements. I; was exactly the tight to throw him off his guard, exactly the night to bring forth the woman whom his watch fn!ness had recently confined within doors. Accordingly, he came out a little after balf-past twelve, having waited till the last moment in order to reduce his inevitable uocking to the minimum, and took his stand beneath the eycamore tree, He conld not see much through the slant. ing lines of rain; but about one o'clock, thinking he heard footsteps, he craned his head forward, and perceiving a person in black on toe point of entering the furthest gate of Pnrest Prospect, ran swiftly along beside the hedge, and himself entered the nearer gate, hoping to intercept the person before the front door could be gained, Within a second of being too late, the doer nearly losed, in his excitement Arnold threw himself against it with all his force. Is immediately flew wide open, and, to his surprise. he was confronted by Owen's stern, white face. Still Arnold persisted; planting his right foot upon the mat, he attempted to make good his entry. •.Leave my house," said Oven, looking down upon him threateningly. But Arnold's bliv, was up, and he was not the man to be . '.\back by a threat. He stepped for , and Owen immediately stepped back, .;: -htened his right arm, atuack the in. -. r fairly between the eyes, and sent him mg on to the gravel path. S ell upon his elbow, bent at an angle, the door was closing a second time a loud cry of pain. .- you hurt !' asked Owen, coming to ood Lord I you have broken my arm I" " What on earth did you mean by forcing your way into my house?" demanded Owen, placing his hands beneath Arnold's armpits to raise him. '"Don't jaw," was the answer. "Give me a handkerchief-just make a sling, Look sharp; a little more, and I'm hanged if I shan't go slick off." 