ALONG THE WINGS. " Brief cbronlclei of the time."— II unlet. Br " Kickkro." Interesting games to-morrow. South expect to make a fine struggle. Excitement pretty big at South Mel bourne. Jack Taylor (North) still on the In jured list. O'Hara's arm Is still In a sling and very painful. Jack Adamson's brother will strip for South to-morrow. Likely to be lively work at the meet ing of the Association to-night. - Dan Morlarty expects to- be well enough to play against Melbourne. Mr L. F. Dallas has been confined to his room. Knocked out by influenza. Mr. Heather prepared for a tremen dous crowd at South Melbourne to-mor- M'Murray and Cornelius are well again, much to the joy of the Ports boys. W. Charrett Is well again, and will be all there to-morrow, along with "Hynd- Rlchmond have been urged to train hard this week for their go with Fltz- roy to-morrow. Winners for to- morrow: — Geelong, Melbourne, Colllngwood, Footscray, Fitzroy, Carlton. It should be a very warm battle at South Melbourne— Burns v. Burns, and both "scorchers." , Denny Healey, the Geelong trainer, has got his men Into a condition as tough as leather. North Melbourne now "fear no foe In shining armor," as Secretary Woodham would put It In song. The two conquerors of the "once-re- doubtablcs," North and 'Scray, should be un exciting battle. A brother of Con Hlckey will play for Fitzroy to-morrow. Also Tyrrell, from the Melbourne Juniors. Shannon mot with an Injury to one of his hnnds while playing against Carl ton. On the disabled list. The Port Melbourne team will go to Lilydnle to-morrow, leaving Prince's Bridge station at 12 noon. South Melbourne's back line to-mor row will be the strongest they have sent Into the team this season. Thurgood is In training for a race for 130 yards for a fair. stake against a leading pod of Fremantlo. George Pnulln, the popular South hon see., has been as anxious as the trainers over the team during the week. The Colllngwood Juniors gave a send- off to O'Brien on Friday night Ho leaves for West Australia to-day. Sam Fenton, an old Cumberland sup porter, brings his "five boys" down to North on training nights In a cab. Richmond are steadily Improving un der the captaincy of Dick Kelly, .who on his pnrt la coming Into his old form. Fred Waugh a doubtful starter against Geelong. On the sick list. Unfortu nate both for him and South Melbourne. What a yell will be sent up nil round If Essendon walk over Melbourne to morrow. They say they will go near it. "Young" and Gus Kearney, who had Intended to play for Essendon to morrow, are suffering from Injured knecn. Though someono mistook Watson's head for the ball and kicked It at WllJIamstown last Saturday, he put In capital work. .South Melbourne have not been beat en on their own ground this season. Geelong soy they will suffer their first home reverse to-morrow. North barrackers returning to the fold. Great muster of the Northerners at the training room this week. Beat ing Essendon over again. Jack Stewart was a wee. bit on the heavy side at JWIlllamstown on Satur day. One puts on a lot of flesh If he doen not keep to athletics. Dalton and Farrell satisfied the cri tics of South Melbourne's team Inst Sa turday. Probably a Pembroke lad, Moore, will bo In the team shortly. The Fitzroy goal-kicking competition 1 lost night was again won by Lamley (four out of six). J.Graco was again runner-up with three to his credit. M'Speerln, of Fitzroy, Is suffering from the effect of his accident of last week. It will be some considerable time before he will be able to play. What price the Improvement In the North Melbourne team now that they have taken on more Juniors! No fewer than five In the team last Saturday. The question as to whether boundary umpires wltl improve football is a de batable one; and will be considered at the meeting of the association to-night. North Melbourne thought right up to the last moment that Dick Farrell, of the Cumberland, was going to play for them. He went to South lust Satur- day. Barney Murphy will bo In the team against South Melbourne to-morrow. Harold Wilson will probably captain the Geelongese If Joe M'Shane does not play. The Jones who played for Essendon last Saturday Is from the Alberton team. He ts a very fair follower. Last Saturday was his first game with the Red and Black. Mr C. Alexander, the popular vice- president of the Essendon Club, went to Western Australia on Wednesday. A great crowd saw him off. He returns In a month or so. A Northerner would like to know whe ther It is the "Coffee and Cake" or "Success" that Is making the boys train. "Slsso" says It's the coffee and cake. Good enough! Cornlgo has the reputation of linvlng caved several lives at sea. The Rich mond lads reported that he swam across to WlUIamstown last Saturda>'. Anyway, he's a great footballer. The reports of the committee recom mending a certain course to be adopted hi regard to Joe M'Shane, the Geelong captain, and Milne, of the Melbourne team, will be considered to-night by the V.F.A. South have been practising goal kick ing by moonlight during the week. One tnun tried to mark the moon herself, lie wns not a player, and wus In such brave condition that he could have durcd the suburban ghost. The letter that shows bow the South Australian Association have felt regard ing the action of the V.F.A. In Ignoring the "Council" of 1892 will bo again re ferred to to-night. A reply lias been drafted and probably will smooth the rufilcd feelings of our neighbors. 