TOPICS OF THE DAY. A pitiful ciuitt carao before the City Court to-iluy, when a riomeatlo nervunt wub churtfcd with ntcutlnK u hnnlcut contulijliiir a iiuuntUy of firrocerJeg, he- longing to her employer. Mm Finkol- Hteln, uf Mlizahelh ntrevt. Detectlvu Loinax told the bench thlo morning that the cuHc was a tnost pitiful one. From enquiries he had inailc, he had ascertained that tlx: girl luul borne an exceptionally Rood character, nnd had, there was no doubt, been linputlud to Hteal the arllek-H of food by the neccs-. hIIJch of her mother, who was nqt only In extremely Indigent circumstances, hut was in a very dollcato stulu of health— In short, soon expected to be- comu a mother again. Heyond the goods taken from Mrs Flnkelstcln's, there was not a purtlclu of fond In the house. In view of tho foots on stated, < Mr S. J. Goldsmith, Chief Clerk of I Felty HcBSiona, BUgscstcd that tho ac- I cuned might be releapcd on her enter ing Into u bond of £5 for her future i good behavior, and to oomo up to ho dealt with when called upon, The bench accepted the suggestion, and the girl was released. After leaving the court Sister Hannah, of the Central Mission, provided her with some articles of wearing apparel and food. At last evening's meeting of the Fllz- foy Council, Mr Robinson, president of the local branch of the A.N.A., accom panied by ))r "Wheeler, attended and presented the Mayor with a cheque for £15 2s M, being proceeds of a Sunday entertainment held in the local Town Hall recently on behulf of tho poor of the city. The Mayor (Cr Burrell) warmly thanked the A.N. A. for its assistance, and said that the sum was largely in excess of the amount received last year from a similar effort, ttr "Wheeler wished It to be known that tho cheque icprcscnted the gross proceeds of the entertainment, nil the incidental ex penses having been paid by the Asso- tlJiMno Ifndtr the circumstances, the doctor ihougl.t that a balance-sheet was not necessary. "Nut even for "The Herald," Interjected Cr Hooper. A vote of thanks was passed to the Natives for their generous effort, "Hoc opus, hfc labor esf'tthnt Is the work, '.here is the labor !) were the last words of a letter addressed to the Fltz- roy Council by a ratepayer, and read last evening. The bearing of this quo tation lies In the application thereof. The correspondent said three-quarters of a million of money, according to the ilu'Jget speech, woh lying Idle In the coffers of the State, and likely to rust there. He, therefore, urged upon the city fathers the desirableness of at once obtaining the money and building the Fltzroy railway. "Tou have the MlnlRter of Lands nt your Ringers ends," urged the writer, "and why let this monoy go Idle when it would give work to all our unemployed ?" The reading of this epistle was, to the coun cillors, like an oasis in the desert of municipal routine. Mr J. M. 11, Adair thus treats tho sug- gestion in our columns on Saturday that he was deficient in reverence Accepting your reproof In the spirit Intended, and admitting reverence takes a very wide sweep. I respectfully reply that teaching revered by some Is by others despised. Still reverence remains for that which they honestly believe to he the Scriptural truth. Such, sir, in my position, and only the truth enn free us from Pugan superstition of all de scription. Including supposed winged ghostH of the dear departed dead. If the churched choose to sanction the minds of the people being poisoned by such tomfoolery nn represented In prints, etc., and otherwise wink at gambling in rplrit and deed, at bazaara, and holy fnirn, mere voice denunciation of such must of necessity remain a dead letter. Numbers of well-meaning people Impose upon their own credulity, cheating themselves out of their reward. The Ir reverence of the churches does not justify me, nor would what they term reverence profit me anything. My lines, with all due reverence, were to show up the absurdity, to propound that by law made and provided by man, that the deep-seated ulcer of inherent mankind, strong even in death, viz., gambling, could be healed by prohibition. The tote will make a capital pour-us plaster. Thomas Chalklcy, an Inmate of the Kew Luriatlc Asylum, escaped from that place on Sunday afternoon, the 4th instant. The escapee Is twenty years of age, 6ft 4ln In height, of stout build, fair complexion, and clonn shaved. lie wore a grey check coat, grey tweed trousers, white vest, blue cotlon shirt, and blue socks. His name being mark ed on bis clothes. He may have made fur Foutscray, where his parents re side. In dealing with anold woman charged with vagrancy, at the Carlton Court this morning, Hcrgeant Dyrnc naked for a remand for a V/eek to enable him. If possible, to securd tho woman's admis sion to tho home of the Little Sisters of tho Poor. She was over CO years of ago, and had been in the colony 41 years, having been at one time in afhu- ent circumstances. In complying with the sergoftJit's request, Mr John Walls, J.P., the Chairman, remarked that he bad visited the Heme, and was struck hy tho tender care bestowed upon the old people who wore Inmates there. Alfred Whltty, Charles Whltty, nnd Fredk. Davis wore charged at the South Melbourne Court tills morning with stealing about 4001b of fat from Arthur Tale, at tho South Melbourne slaughter yards. Conslublo Donovan, In applying for a remand, said that in consequence of continual Iohhcb of fat from the abattoirs he yesterday kept watch, nnd saw the two Whittys drive up In Nel son's cab to a spot near the buildings. Thoy dismounted nnd unearthed from under soino ashes three hags of fut, which, with the aid , of Nelson, they placed In the cab. Ho then arrested them. Tho men were remanded until Friday. At the Flemlngton Court this morn ing Mr. C. J. Cook, the presiding Jus tice, spoke In high terms of the late Mr. R. C, Barrett, who had occupied tho po sition of chairman of the Bench over since tho court was established. Messnf. Sutton, Shaw and Dangerfield were cquully warm In their recognition of the public services rendered hy thu late chairman, and Messrs. McKcan and Farmer spoke tn a similar strain on be half of the legal profession. ' It will be seen by advertisement In nnotber part of this day's " Herahl M that the third of the Winter Fvenlng Social Kntertalnrnenlsin connection with Christ Church, St. Kllda, will bo pro vided In Christ Church Hall, /.eland street, this evening. An excellent pro gramme bus been prepared, in which the names of the TInigh family, Miss Florence Lewis, Mrs I"1. Jolly, and Mr C. Dunlop appear. After the concert a very interesting dramatic piece will be Tendered. The breezy and brilliant comedy, A Sailor's Knot, which Is filling the Theatre Royal each evening, has only three more nights to run after to-day's perform ance, and Is to be replaced on Saturday by n now nautical drama, Saved from the Hen, In which Miss Elizabeth Wat- »;on will make her first appouranco on the Australian stage. A Sailor's Knot la a very Interesting play, and It is beautifully staged. A CJcrmnn Commers' Night, In honor of Proressnr Johanu Kruse, will l>e held by tho membera of tho Mell>ourne Beutscher Turn Vcrcin at their hall on Thursday evening next, whun an excel lent programme of rccitntloiiH and or- chcstrul and vocal numlo will he rendered by lending artists and the Society's orchestra and Lledertafel. Mr Punton, P.M., hold a revision court in the OUy Court to-day fort Iio purpose of hearing objections to the ap pearance of namos which hid appeared on tho rolls for the electoratoi of Melbourne East and Moibourno West. There were tbirtodn namoa objocted to in the railway division in tho electorate «f Molbeumo Wost, on tho ground of chongo of rem- dencfl, and onu ou the same ground in tho Bourko division of Molbuurno East, Nono of tho persons objootod to ap peared, and their names were removod fioiu the rolls, 