SPOET AND PLAY BT " Oltmtds." Should Fitzroy attain the coveted honours of Premiership, no one will be able to deny that they thoroughly deserve the record for their pertinacity. The Maroons first came into prominence in 1S90, when the.v finished up third right enough ; albeit the delegatus composing the Victorian Football Association of the period actually went outside their powers by annulling a goal in order to allow Essendon (who were at that time looked upon as the club from whom most" favours " were likely to be received) to pose as following South Melbourne (premiers) and Carlton (runners-up). The following year Fitzroy again finished up third, Essendon being first and Carlton second ; and in 1S92 the positions at the close ot the season were— Essendon, 3 s Fitzroy, i; Geelong, 3. Fit/.rot failed to get nearer than fifth in 1893, although they secured 114 goals as against 154 behinds, whilst only having only 84 goals 100 behinds kicked against them ; and at the termination of last season they were again in the fifth place—their attempts at goal having panned out 75 goals against 131 bebinds, with GO goals 111 behinds obtained against them. THIS year their goal-kicking has been wretched in the extreme, only (59 major points having been obtained by them, as against 152 minor ones -, placing them twelfth on the list in this special -'c&nnection.; Ikrr if they haven't succesded in carrying the jnemy's position as often as they ought, they liave displayed phenomenal ability in warding-off attacks Qnitheir own stronghold ; their position up to date'witb only 39 goals 97 behinds scored against them in sixteen matches never having been - -approached even by Essendon at their prime. I MUST admit that the victory of Fitzroy over Geelong on Saturday by 4—13 lo 2—4 came upon me as a big surprise: all the more so as the figures place it beyond the pale of argument that the local team were completely running over their opponents during the greater part of the afternoon. Some of the Geelong supporters tried to explain away the defeat of the Pivotonians on the ground that they were lunch hampered by the comparatively narrow i;ompass of the Fitzroy Cricket Ground, whilst at the same time candidly admitting that the Maroons had played far and away the better n-ame, and that on several occasions the visitors had descended to most, objectionable tactics. I was very much astonished to hear that; my experience of the Geelong boys heretofore pointing to the fact that in the vast majority of instances they were always more sinned against than sinning in this particular respect. However, as my information comes direct from some of their own partisans, I cannot help but take notice of the remark. FLUSHED with their victory of last Saturday, Fitzroy are bound to take the field against Essendon with a do-or-die gameness the Scarlet and Black coveys will find it hard to repress. All the same for that I feel confident the match on the Fitzroy Cricket Ground next Saturday will prove a better one—from a spectator's point of view ; and as Melbourne are now within four points of the leaders it cannot be said that interest in the Premiership has ceased. FAK from it should Melbourne but down Geelong on the Corio Cricket Ground. Not that I think they will; but—this season more especially —one never can tell. Melbourne have only One Tight Kit to experience ; Fitzroy have two— Essendon and South Melbourne. WITH such a glorious afternoon as that of Saturday it was really surprising that the various forwards didn't acquit themselves more creditably in the aggregate tban to total SI bebinds and only 43 goals; the most remarkable thing about the'business being that it cost the five victors 56 behinds to achieve 2!5 goals. The gross totals up to date are 911 goals 1530 bebinds, the following being the PRECISE POSITIONS OP THE SENIOR TEAMS 10 DATE. Name of Club. Fitzroy tG 12 Gcelnng 1 10 3 2 Melbourne ]G : 12 Oollinjtwood ...; 10 10 South nouiil jBtjiuuumc; Melbourne] 10 . i 9 •> . " Essendon - " V;16 J. B . T i port Me)b<Kirnc < 46 Ofc i 7 . Carlton f... /C.llSt/Osg ! Foots<a»yW ...J 10 : S ryi North MeftOurijeW; ' 5 10 J WilliBms'towc ...MS:?, 4 RfciimotMf^ '• ...i st. 1 ! 411 10 i 'i | w A 7(1 • I i 8 000 ! i 3-0110 I 2'750 i | -2 370 I ! 2-lSj i • 1-540 ! ' 1408 > ! 1 "175 As exemplifying the adroitness of the different clubs' forwards inrfecuripg'inajor points instead of minor I append the following Test of Goal^kickiho Ability. Name of Club, to & B J Geelong.•• Richmond Port Melbourne .. Melbourne Foot sera v Oollingwood Carlton South Melbourne Essendon Williauistown St. liilda Fitzroy ... North Melbourne 12-1 101. .. ! 70 ... i 01 ili 1 ... <12 1+0 ... ! 0(5 103 .. i til) . 101 ... 1 -17 77 ... I 7K :• HI ... | S2 ; 1«J "• | I 104 | lis 0 750 O 707 0'li(i3 O 057 0 , (i40 0 1)34 OlilO O 553 0 540 O 537 0-S2S 0-153 0433 PRINCIPAL GOAL-KICKERS. Goals. Goals. De Coite (Geelonp) Staniland (Fitzroy 9 James (Geelong) ... 24 Dunne (St. Kilda)... . Grace (Fitzroy) ... 21 Ryan (Richmond) ... Smith (Collingwood) 20 M'Kinley (Geelong) A. Burns (S. Melb.) 20 Wright (Essendon) II. M'3hsne(Geelong)J!) Hall (Essendon) ... Alsop (Richmond) ... 18 O'Brien (Coll'gwood) Fraser (South Melb.) 17 Hall (Collingwood)... Roehe(Melbourne)... 10 Elder (Richmond)... Gladstone (Foots.) 14 Moysey (Melbourne) M'Guiness (Melb.)... 14 Waugh (Essendon) M'Oarthy (Melb.; ... 13 Shannon (S. Melb.)... W.Warren (Wmstn.) 13 Cornelius (P. Melb.) M'Murray (P. Melb.) 13 Loel (Carlton) P. Warren (Wmstn.) 12 Murphy (Geelong)... Chadwick (Foots.)... 12 M. Grace (Fitzroy)... Adamson (S. Melb.) 11 O'Dea (North Melb.) Girdlestone (Melb.) 11 Ivinman (N. Melb.) M'Kay (S. Melb.) ... 10 Lamley (Fitzroy) ... Lockwood (Geelong) 10 Moodie (Melbourne) Collins (St. Kilda)... « Christie (Melbourne) OF all the Mean, Discreditable Tactics ever resorted to presumably in the Interests of Sport (Heaven save the mark !). the proposed innovation of sweeping away tbe old Victorian Cricketers' Association, with the idea of forming a new Association comprised oniy of a " Select Few/' certainly stands Unparalleled in the history of the world. The Subterfuge that the weaker clubs on the V.C.A. do not furnish Intercolonial or International Players is Actually Sublime in its Unblushing Mendacity. And pray Why have they not contributed their quota in days of yore ? Simply because the Wire Pullers on the Selection Committees always took precious good care to "squalch" any rising cricketing talent that didn't join their particular clnbs, whilst ever and always indulging in the " You-scrateh-myback-and-I'U-scrateh-your-back" business. I Defy Contradiction when I state that there are not Two Better Ali- RoundCricketersin Victoria to-day than Eichard Houston and P. G. M'Shane. And yet neither of them would be given the Ghost of a Show for a Third Eleven even I Why ? Simply because whenever they see a Swelled Head they try and reduce the swelling by caustic applications. THE idea that old established clubs of the calibre of Carlton and Richmond should be ruthlessly wiped out by the mushrooms of to-day is repugnant to the feelings ot any true cricketer who can cast his memory back to the early dayn. I don't know; hut speaking solely about the arlton C.C., I fancy that club has produced One r Two Intercolonial Men in its day and generaion. liobert M'Farland, Ben James, Willy orman, Harry BiBhop, Tommy Horan, Jack lackham, Frank Walters, Billy Newing, George oulthard and young Elliott were all " Dark lue " men within my remembrance, and although grant you none of them ever poBed in the light f Prince Prettypets to the same extent that ome of their compeers did in more aristouratic lubs, they proved themselves none the less horough artists whenever their services were brought into requisition. THE Proposed Scheme is a Delusion and a Snare, got up by interested corporations to obtain a monopoly of the power to Extract Gate Money by means of Public Recreation Reserves. These reserves are now looked upon in the light of Real Estate by those lucky individuals who managed to hoodwink the Lands Department and the City Council into allowing them Permissive Occupancy in the first place. The Latest Move is Too Barefaced altogether, and although it is quite possible the Conspirators may succeed in their Nefarious Designs, it will not be very long ere they discover that, so far as the general public is concerned, they have only succeeded in demonstrating once more the idiotic folly of slaughtering the goose that lays the golden eggs. IN SO far as Gentlemanlv Deportment is conerned, I do not think the V.C.A, would hose anyhing by the inclusion of the young fellows contituting Hawksburn, Coburg and Brighton. If nything, I fancy tbeir inclusion would be conucive to a Levelling Upwards at the council able. And I have certainly been present when be actions of some of tbe representatives of the ould-be Exclusive Set were more suggestive of Levelling Downwards; when John M'Carthy Blackham was giving his evidence in the celerated Carlton " wet wicket'' episode for example. ON Saturday last there was a crowded house.at Mick Nathan's well-known ball, Little Uourkestreet. to witness the contest between Nipper Peakes and Ted O'Neill. The preliminary spars were of a really willing and scientific character, and were a fitting introduction to the splendid contest which followed, Peakes was seconded by Ned Ryan and Miko Welch, while O'Neill was looked after by Cossan and Frank Forbes. The contest was a splendid one, Peakee showing the most cleverness, while O'Neill quite over- balanced this by his extreme willingness, making things very sultry indeed for the " old general.'' The verdict was in doubt right up to the last, when tbe referee gave his decision in favour of Peakes. There was not much in it, but we think a draw would have met with more approval. Mick M'Carthy was referee. Next Saturday night will be the meeting of Wyatt, of Port Melbourne, and Jim Delaney, of the same place. These are two heavy-weights, and both being clever, and hard hitters, a good contest is sure to be the result. These good houses are, no doubt, a result of the excellence of tbe contests provided by tbe proprietor. 