CATHOLIC. Tl if. Lordship the Eight .Rev. Dr. Delaney, Coadjutor Bishop of Plobart, is in Sydney. The Tlenary Council of Australia will open en '? n'urday, November 16th. There will be a public pession at St. Mary's on Sunday, 17th iiH., when the ceremonies and music will be of an exceptionally imposing character. As may bo seen in our advertising columns, il.( M.siers of St. Joseph's Providence, (Sydney, i iv 1 olding a concert at the federation Hall, i it Wednesday evening next, to raise funds for l,o orphanages under their care. They are ('(ccrving of the warm support of the com munity, and we trust that there will be a cr- wded house on Wednesday night. The fancy fair at Parramatta is being ex tremely successful. This is at it should be, as Mere is none more deserving of support in Australia than the self-sacrificing Sisters of Mercy. On last Thursday Bis Eminence the Cardinal attended at St. Patrick's to administer the pacramtnt of Confirmation. On Monchry last he paid a visit to the Good Samaritan Convent in Pitt Street. His Lordship Dr. Higgins, who has been in the country for some time, arrived in Sydney on Th umlay last. Last week he left the Moruya district for Braidwood, where he administered iho eacrainer t of Confirmation. At Braidwood he was the guest of Mr. O'Brien, whose eon was recently ordained priest in St. Mary's Cathedral. The ftev. Father Tierney, M.S.H., is to preach a charity sermon in St. Patrick's Church, Sydney, on next Sunday, in aid. oi: the local Conference of St. 'Vincent cle Paul. From the American papers we learn tl at Mgr. O'Connell has resigned the rectorship of the North American College in Pomp, find is travelling for his health through the Unilccl States. He will probably be soon appoint ed to a nu'tre. His 'Eminence, the Cardinal, was near meet ing with an accident on last Sunday, rehnnir.g from Faddington. One of his horses slipj.cd on the wood blocks at Paddington and fell heavily io the ground. In a few minutes, how ever, assistance was rendered, and it was found thai nothing serious had happened, On last. Saturday, the s Cardinal's examina tions for the children attending tho pni.ary schools of the .Archdiocese com n- nice d, About; seven hundred children presented tlu nicelvcs. 'The papers given were as follows: — Catholic Primary School Examinations, Archdiocese of Sydney, 1805. Catechism (Third Class). — 1. 'Why did. God com mand our first parents not to oat the forbidden fruit P 2\. How could men bo saved before the Son oi' God b con me man P 9. Is gvnev. n ere* nary to sM.lvn.tiin! ? 4, 'When and why did Christ send the .Holy Ghost upon tho Apostles? 5. How does the .sign of tho cross remind us of tho Incarnation of our Saviour? ti. Why cannot tho Church out in her teaching' ? 7. it When is our contrition perfect ? 8. G-ive the matter and form of the Sacrament of Penance. Bibltc History (Third Class). — 1. Name the beau ties of the Garden of Paradise as given in your his tory. 2. Explain how Eve was tempted by the Ser pent, and what followed from her sin. 3. What became of Cain after the death of his brother Abel ? -!?. How wore the descendants of Seth distinguished from the descendants of Cain, and who was sent by God to preach to the latter ? 5. Plow long; was Nbo engaged in building the Ark, and what difficulties had he to contend against? (5. Which were tho principal religious truths that Woe handed down to his children, and with what fidelity did they observe them ? 7. Who was John the Baptist, and under what circumstances was his birth foretold ? 8. What led to the murder of the infants of Bethlehem ? Catechikm (Fourth Class). — 1. Why is the Feast of the Annunciation so called ? 2. To what place did Christ's soul go after His death, and for what pur pose ? 3. What special promise did Christ make to His Apostles before He ascended into Heaven ? 4. Is faith alone sufficient to justify us ? 5. Name the various respects in which the unity of the Church is manifested. 6. Name the motives of the three theological virtues — Faith, Hope, and Charity. 7. Name the various classes of sins forbidden by the Eighth Commandment. 8. Name the good works by which we should sanctify the Sunday. 9. What Commandments are violated by the following : — Rebelling against Lawful Authority, Drunkenness, Reading a Bad Book, Omitting Mass on Holidays, Neglecting our Daily Prayers. Bible History (Fourth Class), — 1. Who was Lot, where did he choose to reside, and from what calainity was he preserved ? 2. Give the history of Pharaoh's dream, and its connection with Joseph, son of Jacob. 3. How long did the Israelites remain in. the desert, and how wore they supported during their wanderings ? 4. 'Who were Core, Dathan, and Abiron, and what was their fate ? 5. Give short account of the famous prophecy of Balaam, tho soothsayer. G. How did the Ark fall into the hands of the. Philistines, and what led to its restoration? 7\. Explain briefly tho transfiguration of our Divine Lord. Catechism (Fifth Class). — 1. Why does God require temporary punishment to be suffered for sin after its guilt has been remitted? 2. What means tho Com munion of Saints, and what are the benefits that follow therefrom ? 3. 'Who are those who sin against their obligation of professing tho true faith? 4-. What are the chief duties or servants to x,a en- masters ? 5. Name the duties towards our neighbour which the precept of fraternal charity imposes. 0. Under what obligation are we bound to obey the precepts of the Church? 7. Which arc our chief duties to God ? 8. Is it lawful to honour the 13. V. ? May and why do we repent so often the Hail Mary ? 9\. Give a short explanation of the sublime dignity of tho Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, the ends for which it is offered, and tho best manner of assisting at it. History (Fifth Class).-— What was the Prophet Elias's challenge to the Prophets of Baal, and how was it carried out? 2. Who was Naboth, and what led to his death? 3. State what you know of tho Prophet Jonas. 4-. Who was Baltassar, and what memorable warning preceded his death ? 5. Who was Mattathias, and how did ho display his zeal for the observance of God's law ? (-. State briefly what you know of 'Mahomet,' Gregory VII., and St. Bern arc! . 7 . Wh at wa s the ori gi n of ? ' Th e Crusades,' and name some of their remarkable results ? 8. Who were St. Charles Borromeo and St. Philip Neri, and what special, work did they achieve in the sixteenth century ? Physics (Fifth Class).-- 1. Define ' gravity, ' ' cohesion' ' chemical attraction,' and pay how we are indebted to each. 2. Describe the construction of tho ' Bamah Press,' and say on what special pro perty of water is it based. 3. How prove that tho air has weight, and what important instrument is constructed 'on this fact ? 4. When is a body said to be full of energy, and how do you calculate the work clone by a moving body ? 5. A body weighing 10 lbs. is projected upwards to 100 ft., how do you express its energy when projected ? C. What do you understand by ''energy of repose' and ' active energy,' and say what advantage does the former possess over the latter. 7. State essential dilierence between liquids and gases. S. In constructing Rail ways, spaces are left between the ends of the rails.. Why is this done? 0. Is the boiling point of water always the same? Describe an experiment to illus trate your answer. 10. At what rate does light; travel, and how was this first discovered? 1.1. If a, ray of white light is passed through a glass prism-,, how will it be affected P Give explanation of the. change. 12. Explain the effects produced oi^ the loaves of an electroscope charged with positive electricity, when an excited glass rod and next an excited rod of sealing-wax io brought near it, Ex plain your answer. ' Domkrtic Economy (Girls). — I. Name the three properties of woollen fabrics which render them desirable as articles of clothing. 2. In choosing material!? for clothing what should be particularly attended to as regards texture, colour, manner of making, and social standing of tho wearer? _ 3. What is to be eaid of cotton and flannel as materials for clothing, and how would yon know good cotton and woollen stuffs and distinguish latter from shoddy ? «!'. What is the special notion of the following in washing dofches : — 'soap,' 'blue,' 'starch' «3. Maine some of the advantages secured by having the washing done nt home. 6. What three things should be attended to in order to avoid the discomforts of 'washing day ?' 7. How should tho clothes bo sorted for 'washing day/' and by what means are ° grease spots ' and ' ink stains ' removed ? 8. Which are the advantages of soaking, and what materials should not be soaked ? 9 Say what should be particularly attended to in the following opera tions : — 'scrubbing,' 'boiling' 'drying,' 'starch- ing,' 'mangling ' and 'ironing.' Agriculture (Boys). — 1. What are the advantages gained by the cultivation of the soil ? Explain your answer. 2. How does the addition of manure improve the soil, and what kind of manure is most beneficial ? 8\. On what does the value of animal food principally depend, and what kind of food is more suited to cold climates ? 4. Say how you would best provide for the quality of the butter and cheese in arranging your ' dairy.' 5. Which are the best vegetables to be grown in a cottage garden ? 6. What should you chiefly attend to in planting fruit trees ? Why is celery so valued ? 