Tales of tlie Unexplainable I ? w (By Ernest Favenc.) VH. GANNON'S GHOST. HOSTS do come back,' said Jim, indulging in the luxury of lighting hisf ' pipe at the slush lamp, a thjng to make one s h u d d er. 'Old Gan1 non,, came back, a s most peo ple know. Old Gan non aiea some years after his daughter Mary got married. You knew Mary Gannon, of course?' 'No, I didn't,' I replied wearily, see ing that Jim was going in for one of his complicated yarns, which, at any rate, might send me to sleep. 'Mary Gannon was a nice girl, bar ling a slight cast in one eye and a habit of coughing at meal times. She mar ried Tom Davis, and he was not a bad fellow, either, only he couldn't smoke without spitting ? ' 'Oh, hang it all, shut up!' I said. 'Tell us about old Gannon's ghost.' 'Old Gannon's ghost, eh? He was a terror; and the strange thing was that there was no reason for his com ing back, so everybody thought until afterwards. He had been well and properly buried in a nice, dry grave, aud what he wanted to leave it for no one could make out. However, the first night it happened Tom Davis, who was living in the old man's house, which had been left to them, went out into the verandah for his usual smoke after tea, while Mary put the things away. They had one little boy, about 3 years old, and he went out with his father to be out of Mary's way ? ' 'Confound it, keep out of Mary's way yourself, and tell us about the ghost.' 'Just what I'm coming to. The youngster being: out there with Tom suddenly said— ' 'Why, there's granpa.' Sure enough, when Tom looked, there was the old inan, just like life, leaning against the fence. 'Poor Torn was a terrible simpleton, for, without a word of preparation to his wife, he said — 'Why, Mary, here's father come back.' 'Of course, she came straight out on to the verandah, and as soon, as she saw her dead and buried father, gave one scream and fainted. Then the youngster cried out at seeing its mother fall, and. with one thing and another | Tom had his hands full, so that he\ never saw how the old man disap peared. 'That was the first time old Gan non's ghost was seen.' 'I hope he was more interesting the next time,' I yawned. 'He was, you may take your oath. He didn't come and lean against the fence quietly, but took to walking round the house and swearing like a bullock- driver. The worst of it was that no one could understand him. j They could tell it was swearing, and j bad swearing, too, by the emphasis the | old man threw into it, but as to what language it was— why, there was not a soul could guess. Now, old Gannon, as everybody knew, had never learnt any language in his life, so where he'd been acquiring foreign tongues during the time he had been buried was the mystery. 'All the people from round about I used to come to see the old apparition ] gabbling out swear words, and bring every foreigner they could lay hands on, but the only one they had any suc cess with was a Hindoo hawker. He said, and whether he lied or not I can't i say, but what he stated was to the effect that he had seen the same sort of thingi before in his own country, and j it was £ot old Gannon's ghost at all. | but something or another in his ap- j pearance who might have come from ! anywhere— Central Africa, or Lapland, ! or any other outlandish place. He j didn't express any opinion as to the { cause of such strange procedure on the part of a disembodied spirit; only as serted that such thinss had been known in Ms country, and that, so far as he knew, there was no cure for it. 'Now, this roused all the svoman and daughter in Mrs. Davis, who commenc ed to abuse the Hindoo hawker, asking him if he supposed that she did not know her own dear, blessed father, and could imagine that he would allow any kind of heathen, black or white — and here she threw great force and expres sion into her 'language — to steal his body? That, if such things did hap pen in the hawker's country, why. she had no great opinion of it as a place to live in, although it was quite good enough for Mm. 'She began to get hysterical, and all the while the shindy was on the ghost of old Gannon kept stumping around swearing volubly, so you can imagine the confusion.' Here Jim paused, and started his pipe again at the slush lamp. I was com mencing to get interested. '. 'Well, this tireless old ghost began to get a nuisance, and although Mary Davis entreated him to go back to his grave and rest there quiet he paid no at tention to her at all. At last the thing attracted so much attention, and be gan to bring such crowds of people, that Davis had a fence put round the place and made a charge for admission, and the ghost brought in a tidy in come, which smoothed things over, and ?Hie Davis family began to get proud ftnd uppish. 'Then came their downf alL 'As I said before, the ghost had at tracted \ so much, attention that many people who had studied this kind of thing came to see it, and amongst them a very clever man with at least twelve letters after his name, and he stopped there some days trying to find out the truth. 'One night— the ghost, of coarse, only .walked at night— he suddenly struck his forehead,, and said some words of gibberish to the ghost, and, to every one's astonishment, the spectre stopped, and the two entered into an animated conversation, and finally shook hands. You can imagine now everybody crowded round and stared at this scene. 'Now,' said the eminent man, taming to Mrs. Davis, 'I can explain. this thing. This is your father's ghost, and yet it isn't Now, have you ever had any blacks about here?' ' *No,' replied Mrs. Davis, indignant ly. 'Father never could abear them, and, besides, they've been' all dead years and years ago.' ' 'Ah! I thought so. Just you dig up your father's body, and you will find that you have put him in an an cient native burying ground. The old man evidently didn't like this, and at tempted to get up and come and tell you so; but some old blackfellow made an effort to 'jump up white-fellow' at the same time, and the result was that things have got terribly mixed.' 'Here the eminent man with twelve letters after his name paused, and Mrs. Davis, as she thought of the Hindoo hawker, burst into tears. 'The scientist went on: 'I have been, studying native dialects of late, and fortunately was able to recognise a few words. The result is as you see. I have ascertained your father's wishes, and those are, that he should be dug up again and buried elsewhere. If you do that I am convinced that he will rest in peace.' With this the eminent scientist departed.' I was just going to sleep when Jim commenced again, and woke me up. 'You would have thought that when, the Davis family heard all the rights of the case they would have at once acted on the scientist's advice, but, unfortu nately, they had grown avaricious, and kept the poor old ghost still running around on account of the income he brought in. However, the truth got about, and the public commenced to buck. Moreover, those who had come at first turned rusty, and demanded their money back. Said that they had come to see old Gannon's ghost, not that of a common blackfellow so they; had to dig old Gannon up, and ? '? 