SHIPS' LIGHTS AT SEA. (" St. Nicholas Magazine.") When you face towards a ship's bow the side at your right hand is called the starboard side, and the side at your left hand is called the port side. On her starboard side a ship carries at night a green light, and it is so shut in by two sides of a box that it can not be seen from the port side, or from behind. On her port side she carries a red light, and it is so shut in that it can not be seen from tbe starboard side or from behind. If the ship is a steamship she carries a big white light at her foremast-head, but if she is a sailing vessel she does not. This white masthead light can be seen from all around except from behind. It is for the red and green lights, commonly known as the side lights, that the officer of the deck most intently watches, for by them he can tell which way the vessel is going. If her red light shows he knows that her port side is toward him, and she is crossing to his left; if it is her green light, her starboard side is toward him, and she is crossing to his right; but if both the red and green aro showing, she is heading straight in his direction. Thus he learns by these running lights where the other vessel is, what she is, and in what direction she is going; and he knows in plenty of time whether she is on his track, or whether she is crossing it in one direction or the other. All that is not enough, however, to avoid collision, for both he and the officer on the other vessel must know exactly what to do, and what the Other is going to do. He must know, so as to speak, on just what track to switch and on just what track the other vessel will switch to avoid him. This is settled by fixed rules, which are the same the world over, and are known to all men who follow the seas. Fr. Hfealy was playing whist, tbe stakes being,, of course, nominal. His reverence in paying his losses included a threepenny bit amongst the coins. " Ah, frorii last Sunday's collection," grimly remarked the saturnine Lord S-—. Like a lightning flash came the retort, " Does your lordship recognise your contribution ?" Jones (looking ; up from paper)— " Those poor Chinese devils don't seem to have a, ghost of a chance.. This account here. states, that in every one of their battles they were short of ammunition. . In some, cases the cartridges were filled with sand." Brown —'" Sand ! ' what Oriental .stupidity 1 Why on earth didn't they try Simpowder tea,?" 