SEVENTH STEP. (CONTINUED. ) "bli-is Sorensco did no: sit — abe wa. far too m.uch excited. She elood ctur the door of her little cabiu. " Did you really hear the hotlle fall nud break, yesterday momintr P" 44 I hturd s. noise whteb miubt be ac counted for in that way," 1 ane\> ereJ. M Aii.i did you hear my footsteps?1' « f «!f?:ird footfltens'1 Hitter : Jiagar said that you kuew — I Hope'. 3 hoped —I »-arncPtly trusted that she yr.is wrong." 44 How could riie pos«»bly irii V" I replied. «1 met her on the stairs coming towards Ihe oahiu. I certainly said uothin — hov wa= it possible for her lo read iny secret ihuuirM (> It woe quite possible. Sbe saw the knowledge iu your eyes ; riie give yon cue glance— that was sufficient. Oh ! X hoped she was mistaken. " " Miuu is not a tell-tale face," I said. (iNoi to zdobL people, but it is to her. you don't know her. She is the most wonderful, extraordinary woman that ever forcailied. She can road people through and through. She can stand behind you and know when your eyes Hash sud your lips smile. Iier knowledge is terrible. Shu can almo: : nee through stoue walls. i told you Inst nh ht that I dreaded her— 1 do more than tha'.--l fear her horribly— tiie makes my life S daily purgatory !" M .sit down," J said, in a voice which I made on purpose both cold and 6tern : " it is very bad for you to excite youreolf in this way. if you dielike Slater Hagar, why is she your nurse ? In short, what can be your possible motive for going through this extra ordinary act of deception? Aie you not aware that you arc acting iu a moat reprehensible manner'; Why do you wish the passengers of the Ariadne to sup. pore you to be paralyse J. when you arc in reality in perfect health ? " 44 1 :i perfect neilth?" she repeated, with a 6hii'i. lor. " Yes, I am doubtless in perfect bodily health, but 1 am in— oh, in such bitter uiguiah of soul." " What do you mean? 44 3 can no more tell you that 1han I can tell j in why I wm in Sister Mnjrar's power. Fray forget my wild words. I know you think I. idly of me, hutyour feelings would be chiium-c to profound pity if you could guess rhetiuth. Now listen to mc— I nave only a moment or two loft, for Sister HagAr will be back Hlnmst directly. Slie found out yester day that you had guessed my secret. 1 hoped ri: it this w.is not llio case, bur, sis usual, was right and I was wrong. The tnoiu< -.I my eyes met yours, when 1 first came on de. 1 thought it likely thu yon might sec th' ' r.jh my deception. Sister Hagar also feare i i ii it such would he the case. It was on fbat r.c.'cmnt that I avoided speaking to you, and also that I remained so silent and apini'-i.tly uninterested ineveiyoue whon I -went on duck. I ueked for this interview ycsici u.iy for the express purpose of fiuding out v. i:p;her you really know about the dece 'i"'i which J was practicing on every one or. .:-jard.' If I discovered that you had pierc..-.! through my disguise, liiore was notbinj- for it but for mo to throw myself on your mercy. Niw you know why I was so deMious of seeing you without Mr Curwou."1 'I understand," I Answered. "Toe whole matter is most strauj-e, wroug, and incomprehensible. before I leave you, may I &sk; "hat motive iuilueine.s you There must : ie some secret rensou for euch deception as you pnciice." Sorea?«n colored, and for the first time since she beg&u; to make her confession, her v.-ice Grew weak and faltering — er eyeB took u shiny glance, and refused to meet mine. " The motive may seem slight enough to you," ?he said : 44 but to me it ie, and was, suffieienliy powerful to make me go through with this sham. My home is not a happy nc : I have a step-mother who treats me cruelly. I longed to get away from home and to see something of life. My father's brothei. Professor Soreneen, of St. Petersburg, is a very celebrated Court physician— my father is proud of him, and has often men tioned his natne and the luxurious palace in which he lives. I have never met turn, but 1 took a curious longing- to pay htm a visit, and thought, of this way of obtaining my desires. Professor Sorensen has made a Bpecial itudy of nervous diseases euch as paraiybi. Sister Hagar and I talked the matter over, and I resolved to feigu this diseiee in order to get away from home and to pay my uncle a visit. All went well with out bitch of any sort until yesterday morn ing." TiUt it is impossible for you to suppose," I said, "ihat you can take in a specialist like professor Sorensen." ' 'I dou't mean to try— he'll foreive me when I tell him the truth, and throw myself on his «crcy." "And is Sister Hagar a real nurse?1' I aiked,afterapause. "No, but she has studied the part a little, and U far too clever to commit herself." Miss Sorotisen's face was no longer pale — % rich color flamed in her cheek?, her eyes blazed— she looked wonderfully handsome. 44 Ami now that you have confided in me," I said, "what do you expect melo Jo with my knowledge ?" 44 To respect nay secret, and to keep it ab solute)' and strictly to yourself." 44 The is impossible — 1 cannot deceive Curwu.'1 44 You nuts! — you shall. Why should two —two be sacrificed. Aod he ds so young, and he know? nothing now — nothing. Oh, do have mercy on hiin. Oh, my God, what midwords am I saying? What muit you thiuk ofmc?" She paused abruptly, her blazing eyes were fixed on iny face. "What must you think of ras ?" she re- tested. "That you are in a very excitable andover- straiued condition, and perhaps not quite answerable for yoor actions," I replied. 44 Yee, yes," she continued; "I am over strained— over- auxious— uot quite account able— yea— that is it— that is it— but you will not tell Mr Curwen— Oh, be mcroifuito me, I beg cf you. We shall soon reach St Peters burg. Wait, at least, until we get there before you toll bin: — promise me that. Teli him then if you like— tell all the world then it youcitooac to do so, butrespect my secret Entil we reach Russia." As Miss Sorensen spoke she laid her hand on my arm — she looked at me with a pAasiou which seemed absolutely inadequate to her very poor reason for going through this cx- traordioui y deception. "Promise me," she said ; 44 there's Sister Hags: 'a knock at the door— let her in— but promise me first.1' 44 I will think the whole case over oare- lully before I speak to anyone about it," I replied. I threw the door open as I spoke and went out of the little cabin as Sister Hagar cunc In. That afternoon Curwen asked me about Hiss Sorensen — I replied to bim briefly. " I will tail yoa all about Hie ease," I said, in a fchort time— there is a mystery which 'he young lady h&sdivuleed;, and which she has earneevly implored of me to respect until we reach St. Petersburg. "Then you believe she can be cured?" Said Curwen. "Dnquestionably— but it in a strung story Bnditibimpussihleforme to discus it until I oan give yon my full confiencc. In the meantime there Is nothing to ho done in th, mfcdical way for Mies Sorensen— I should re- commend her to keep on deck a much us posfible— she is In a highly hysterical state, and the more fresh air she gets, the better." Curwen wue obliged to be satisfied with this very lame summary of the mee, and the Jtext time 1 saw Miss Sorensen, I bent over «er and told her that I intended to respect get secret until after wo arrived at. St. Fetereburg. I don't know how to tbink ynu enough," the said—her eyes flashed with joy, and sbe weoame instantly the most animated and fas cinating woman on board. At lftat we reached the great northern port, a ? 5m amongst those to come oo boara the Ariadne was the tall and aristocratic foi ni of I rofessor Sorensen. I happcucd to wit- ness tho meeting betwceji him and his be&uiiful; niece. Ho Stooped down ami kissed liar on her white brow. A flush of Ecastrt spread all over her face as he did fio. JfUcy spoke a few words together- then Sister Hagar came &p; and couched Miss SoroDscn ou her arm. The next moment I Whs requested to come and ?pcakto the voung lady. 11 May I iniroduce vou to my uncle, Dr Halifax ' ?.he ?aid. "I'roferBor Screusen — Dr Halifax. I can scarcely tell you, Uncle Oscar, ' continued the young lady, looking full in his face, t,liow good Dr Halifax has been to me during my voyage." I'rofesFor Sorensen Miadc a polito rejoinder tothi.H, and immediately invited me to come t i see hiin at his palace in the Nevfiki Prospect I wa-; r.bc-ut i<i rtfuse with all tho politeness 3 could mufiter, when Miss Sorenson gave me ft glance of such lecrible entreaty that it staggered me, and almost throw me off my balance. "You will come; you must come," ahe said. " i can talce no refural," exclaimed the Professor. " 1 am delighted to welcome you as e. brother in the great world ot n.edical v.cienco. I have no doubt that we shall have much of interest to talk over together. My laboratory has the pood fortune to he eomc- _what celebrated, and I have made experiments in tiic cultivation of microbes which I should like to talk over with you. You will do me j tho felicity of dining with me this evening, 1 Dr Halifax?" I considered tiic situation briefly — I glanced again at Miss Soreuseo. I " I will come," I said — she gave a Eigh of relief, and lowered her eyes. Professor Sorensen moved away, and Sister Hagar wont iuLo tho voune lady's cabin to fetch somethins. For a moment Miss Sorenstn and I were alone. She gave me au imperious gesture to como close to her. " Sit on that chair — stoop down, 1 don't want o l hers to know," she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. " You have beeu cood, more than good," alio said, «' and I respect you. I thank you from my heart. l)o one last thing for me." " What is that ?" " Doirt tell our secret to Maurice Curwen until you have returned from dining with my uucle. Promise me this : I have & very grave reason for Asking it of you." " i shall probably not have time to tell him botween no w and this cvcuinG," I said, "as 1 mean immediately to land ami oc«upy myself looking over the place." At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds oi rugs and parcels— amongst them was r. email, brass-bound box which seemed to be of considerable weight. As she approached us, tbe nurse kuocked her foot agaicsl a partition iu the deck, stumbled, and would have fallen had I not rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy brass-bound box fell with some forca to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover immediately bounced open and several packets of papers were strewn on the deck. I stooped to picx ihera ud, but Nurse Hagar wrenched them from my hauds with, such fcrce that I. could not help ulauciug at her in astonishment. One packet had been thrown to a greater distance than the others. I reached Lack my hand to pick it up, and, as 1 did eo, my eyes lighted on a name iu email black characters on the cover. The name was Ok Erestofski. Helow it was something whicii looked like hieroglyphics, but 1 knew enough of the Russian tougue to ascertain that it wa? the same nan. e iu Kuse — with the fiGuie 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse — she gave me a glance which 1 was destined to remember afterwards— and Miss ftoreason uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lipe. Professor boreusen came hastily up — he administered a rostoralivc to hie niece, and said that the cxcitemcut of seeing him had evidently been too much for her in her weak state. A moment later the entire party had left the yacht. It was night when I got to the magnificent palace in the Nevski Prospect where Profeesor Sorensen resided. I iraa received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to a bedroom on tlie first floor of the buildiug. The room was of colossal eiza and height, and, warm as the weather till wa, was artificially heated by pipes wbidi ran along the wails. The hangings and the other appointments of this apart ment were oi the costliest, and as I looked around me i could not help coming to the conclusion that u Court pbysioian At St. lVterthurg must hold a very lucrative posi tion. Having already uiadc my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find iny way as best I could to the recep tion-rooms ou the prouud floor, when, to my unbounded amazement, I saw the maseive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and MEf Sorensen, magnifi cently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, Cauie in. She had not made the slightest sound h: opening the door, and now she put hot finger to her lips to enjoin ailer.ee on my part. She closed the door gently behind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a note into my hand. She then turned to &o.; " What is the meaning of thie?" I began. "The note will tell you," she replied. "Oh, yes, I am well, quite well — 1 have told my uncle all about mv deception on board the Ariadne. For God's sake dou't keep mo uov. It 1 am discovered all is lost." She reached the door h she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent move ment, and disappeared. 1 could not tell why, but. when I was left once more alone I felt a chill running through me. I went deliberately up to tbe oak uoor and turned the key in the heavy lock. The 8plondul bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Standing by the door 1 opened Mis? SorenEcn's note. My horrified eyes fell on tlie following words : — "We receive no mercy, ami we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you fouud out the secret of my false paralysis on hoard the Ariadtie. 1 1 was absolutely aud irrevocably scaled when you saw my real name on the packet of letters which full out of the brass- bouud box to-day. The secret of my return to Russia is death to those who discover it unbidden. " K isdccreed by those whosever alter or change that you do noL leave this palace alive. It is utterly hopeless for you to try to escape, for on all hand&the; doors arc guarded; and even if you did succeed in reaching the streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our work for us. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable — it is therefore arrauged that you arc to die. I like you and pity you. I have a heart, and you have touched it. If I can I will save you. I do this at the risk of my life, but that does not matter — we hold our lives cheap— we alwayscatry them in our hands, andare ready to lay them down at any instant. I ma? not succeed insaviug you, but I will try. 1 am not quite certain how your death is to be accomplished, but I have a very shrewd suspiciou of the manner in which the final attack ou your life will be made. Your only chance — remember, your only chance of escape — is to appear to know absolutely nothing — to show not tbe ghost of a suspicion of auy underhand practices ; to put forth all ycur powers to faecinattt and please Professor Sorensen and the guests who will dine with us to-night. Show no surprise at anything you see — aek no impertinent questions. I have watohed .you, and 1 believe you are olever enough and have sufficient nerve to aot as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in your power — make love to me even a little, if you like— that will not matter, for wc shall never meet again aftor to-night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor Sorensoii to his laboratory — he ' will ask no otber guest to do this. On no account refuse — go with him and I will go with you. Where lie goes and where 1 go, follow without flinch ing. If you feel astonishment do not show it. And sow, all lhat I have said leads up to this final remark. Avoid the seventh step. Hear this in your mind — it your last chance. — Dgmau." I read this note over iwice. The terrible 1 feeing of horror loft me after the second reading. 1 felt braced and resolute. I suspected, triiav indeed the cee, lhat I hiid fallen uii'/ittingly into a hornet's ii»vt of Nihilist?. How mod I had been to come to Protestor Sorea»en'u palace ! 1 had fully made up iny mind that Mies SorenBen had | told me lien, v.'hcn she iavo mc her feeble reas ons for acting as she had done oo hoard the Ariadne. No matter thai now. however, She spoke the tru:h at last. Tiic loner 1 crushed in my band was uot a lie. 1 re solved to ho wary, guarded — and when tho final moment cainc, io : ell my life dearly. I ha 1 n box of matches in my pocket. I barut the note to white ush, and then crushed i he unhca lo powder under my foot. 1 Ihtu went downstairs. Servante wc-r« standing about, who quickly directed ins to the rtcepliou-rocjus. The powdered footman lluna the door ot the rreat drawing- room open aud called my name iua ringing voice. I'ruieseor Sorensen cams forward to meet me. A lady came up at the Bamfc moment aud held out herh.ind, She was drcsEed iu black velvet, with rich lace and tnany magnificent diamonds. 1 hey shone in her sandy hair and glisieued round her thin throat. I started back in amazement. Here was bister Hagar metamorphosed. " Allow me To introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen," said tlto Professor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful finger and smiled into my face. " You look astonished, und no wonder, Dr | Halifax." she said. "Hut, ah, how naughty you have been to read our secrets." She turned away to speak to another guest. The ! next moment dinner was announced. As we tat round the dinner-table we made a large parry. Men and women of many nationalities were present, but I quickly per ceived, lo my surprise, that was the guest of the evening. To me was given the terribly doubvful honor of escorting Madame Sorensen to tbe head of the table, aod in honor of mc also, English— by common consent — was ihc language spoken atdinacr. (to he costjm kd.) 