" MOLLY RILEY!" INTERVIEW WITH A CELEBRITY. BELOVED BY AN EMPIRE- " AH:E RODNEY" REINCAR NATED. LIKEWISE "KATIE GQNM08J' ALSO "DAISY" ANO "BELLE MAHONE." It csme like So impassioned serenade, lo the clear night air, serosa tbe sylvan glades of ths Fitzroy Gardens. LUteo I . Oh, Ifol-ley Rl-i-ley, I lo- ove yon-u, Toll mo Mol-tey Ri-ley does yoor heart beat true, Msr-ry mo,tny dardlcg, I'll uio if you aayuo, Ana my ghosi will come and hsuut you, Moldey Kiley. Tha awinglog waltz refrain of tho toog was insinuatingly sweet. It clnog to th memory like ths smoke of iocense to a garment. Be sides, one had heard It so often before. One heard tbe newspaper boy humming tt at tho top of Bourke street "Oh, MoMey RM-Iey— - Herald, sirf 'Ere y'are, air— yes, sir, Oft' 'dishun, thauk ycr sir ; (piano) I lo-ove yow, Tell ins Mol-ioy Hi (forte) Hcbald i Filt' '(llshtm; (piano) Tell toe MoMey Riloy does yes 'art 'are, sir, I'm tbe bl yec al'ways get ysr 'ekald from, not 'Ira ; right y'are, sir; (piano) Mar-ryme, my dar-lin"'— and so Then everybody one met would psrelit io ohxnting Molly IUlsy. Tho milkman humnud it, bo did the butcher, so did the liousoinatd as tbe washed the doorsteps, so did tbe pillceman on his beet, so did the sub- editor as he dashed bis merciless blue pencil throvgh your choicest paragraphs; so did tbe compositor who set op the mangled remalus Of what von knew to he elmoat claasla lure. It fa tuppoiod that tbe very judges on the Bench havo caught the tnfeotlon and have hummed Molly Kltsy as they turned over the worm-eaten pages of oslf-bound expensive tediousneas they are pleased to call law. I don't know how long I had been silting on that ue i: in the gardeas when I saw two figures coming towards mo through the gloom. Ono was the figure of a youth, the other that of a girl. The yonth wsa dressed in a dark blue aatin bieycle suit and had bright golden hair, and oh I bqcIi a figure I such grace 1 such trapplsneei I such eteganco of limb and carriage of head 1 I think 1 had seen the comoty youth before, at a certain pantomime I wot of. He kissed tho girl under a ram tree— I couldn't help knowing be did it, though I turned my head away— and ae he left bar the lees tripped towards me. Bomehow I knew that she was Molly Riley. As she gave mo an arch, tauoy look, I felt justified in addressing hor. "Mias RUoj, I presume," aald I. "Mies Holly lliley." "The same, sir," she roplisd; dropping mo a oartsey. " I have Heard a groat deal about you, my dear," I added. "Oh, I dare say you have. I am protty well known all over the British Emplro, I believe." ' Dear mo ; you don't say so." " On yoa. 1 am the berolno of tbe soog of the day, you know. At this verj time I am being sung about oa hundreds of stages in theatres in England and Ireland, and tbe British colonies. Oh, I cau tell yon, they all know Molly Riley. I believe I am oe well knowu as Queeu Victoria. I pride myselt on buing the idol of au Einpiro. You are surprised, but you havo hot a poor concep tion, I fear of tbe popularity ol a song that catches on. Why, I'll ho boand that if you were in Loudon at this very moment you would hear the little boys In the street slug- ing, "My ghost will oome aud faaunt you, Molly Ulley." You would hear the same in Dublin, In Cork, in Manchester, in Edin burgh, in Glasgow, in Liverpool, in Birming ham— just as you bear them siucing the long in the otreets of Melbourne, and inSydney. I tell you, Sir, that Molly RUey is a great character — an universally diflnaod per sonality." "I should like to know more abont you, Miss Molly RUey, and where were yon born ?" " Ah, that's another story. Let me whisper In your car." She put her dainty lips near to me, so that I oould taste the sweetness of her breath. " I nover die 1" "What!" " Listen I Do yon remember the song of Daisy tbst used to bo snug last year V' Did I remember Daisy 1 I hummed the sir to her - Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer irao, i ut uaii unity an u»r lu KITS Ol JOU. It won't he a stylish marriage ; I csn't afford a carriage. But you'll look sweet, Ou the scat, Of a bicyoU built for two." Molly clapped her hand with glee. "I tin glad that you remomber mo la tb&t; form," aha said. She caught my look of amazement, and explained herself. "Tho truth Is," she said, "that I uhango my form once a year, it loast; sometimes inaro often. I fiud that the people get tirod of me after a time," " Madame," I said, " 1 don't believe 1 could ever pet tired of you. You are altogether ohnrming." "Thank ynu ; but you see, my Empire Is so largo, so, in order to hold iny sway, knowing the fickleness of th great public, I obeugB ui) form, my ustiie and my tune frequently. 1 waa Daisy last year, a year or two ago I was known everywhere the Baplieh language Is soog and spakon as Annie Kmney. Do you remember me In that form ? Shall 1 sing you the refrain !" " 01), please do." - Sho burst Into silvery song, " She's thy sweetheart, I'm her Jo 1 Khe'a my Annie, I'm hor beau, Soon we'll marry, never to part. For little Anuie Roonsyls mysweetbeait!" " Ah, ''arid 1, " I recogalse yoa again— o! oourssldo. The badness of your English and the strained natura of your rhyme is un- mlsUkable. But how many changes you must go through I" " Yea, I rvraoarnate about once a year. As toon as ! find tlio people gettlog tired of mo lu oue form, I pnt it away, diess up afroih, turn oue fresh tnue, and again oouqutr all hesrti. A short time ago thero waea ragofor cos Lor songs, so I put on a big hat with a gaudy feather, and sallied forth as Maze. Do you remember 'Liza? Har ohorus waa like this Ob, 'Lies, dear 'Liza, If yer die an old maid yer 'eve only yarsolf to btime, Ob, 'Lite, dear 'Liza, 'Ow d'yer facoy 'awkios for ycr other nine. Beforo 1 was 'Liza I was Sweet Katie Connor, before that I waa the Maid of tho Mill, years ago 1 was Sweet Belle Mahene." " But atop a minute. If I remember rightly, both the Maid of tho Mill and Belle Mahone died. How can you have been a corpse T " Ah, that's one of my littl trioks. You set, the public is eomotimes afilloted . with amatory morbidness, and likes a love long with a poit-morUm tinge. When that is so. I adopt a nice tuno and pretend to be dead. Of course, it is only my (uu. I come up smiling again next year In another shape, to a waltz refrain, and a fUvor of kissing about my vore, and so I win my way again Into popularity." " Drar me, all this is very interfiling, Miss R Icy, or Rooney, or Connor, or Dtiajr, or Mabooe, or whatever your ml uteris If." Sho Doghed heartily. " But can ynu tell me what utmi and tune you will adapt next year? I should like to know la ad vance, you know." " What about copyright?'1 ths sai.1, with a business air. "Oh no, I'mafrsM I can't do that nnlasa yon promhe you will never reveal a note of It." " I promise, on my honor. " " Tiicn I'll aiug you a versa of tha socg 1 am preparing for myself and which very- body will know in a few months." Bbe tuue-d up her voice, shook her skirts for a dance and commcnoed to sing— it was awfully sweet and winsome— when, sud denly— I felt a heavy hand on my shoulder, and a grnfl voice In my ear. I rubbed my ay at, and, looking op, found a policemau standing over me. 1 was very cold. It was past midnight. I suppose I must have boon asleep and dreaming. Molly Riley was nowhere to Lessen. 