Ufa Stunailbu* w 6 w a 4 MOONDYNE. BOOK FIRST. THEGOLD MINE OFTHE VA8SE ii. THE CONVICT ROAD-I'ARTY. . The primitive history of the colony is written for ever in its roads. There is in this penal labor a secret of value to be utilized more fully by a wiser civilisa tion. England sends lxer criminals to take the brunt of tho now land's hardship and danger — to prepare the way for honest life and labor. In evory commu nity there is either dangerous or de grading work to be done ; and who so fit to do it as those who havo forfeited their liberty by breaking the law 1 Tlio convicts were dressed in white trousers, blue woollen shirt, and white hat — erery article stamped with Eng land's private mark — the Broad Arrow. / They were young men, ' healthy and stiong, their faces and bare arms burnt to the color of mahogany. Burglars, murderers, garotters, thieves, — double- dyed law-breakers every one — but, for all that, kind-hearted and manly fellows enough were among them. 'I tell you, mate,' said one, resting on his spade, ' this is going to be the end of Moondyne Joe. That firing in the (swamp last night was his last fight.' ' I don't think it was Moondyne,' said another ; ' he's at work in the chain gang at Freemantle ; and there's- no chance of escape there ? ' ' Sh-h !' interrupted the first speaker, a powerful, low-browed fellow, named Daye Terrell, who acted as sort ef fore man to the gang. The warder in charge of the party was slowly (Talking past. When he was out of hearing Dave continued, in a low bat deeply earnest voice : 'I know it was Moon dyne, mates. I saw him last . night when I went t® get the turtle's eggs. I met him face to face in the moonlight, beside the swamp.' Every man held his hand and breath with intense interest in the story. Some looked incredulous — heads were shaken in doubt. ' Did you speak to him ;' asked one. ' Ay,' said Terrell, turning on him ; ' Why shouldn't I ? Moondyne knew he, had nothing to fear from me, and I had nothing to fear from him.' ' W hat did you say to him ?' asked another. 1 Say ?— I stood an' looked at him for a minute, for his face had a white look in the moonlight, and then I walked up close to him, and I says — ' Be you Moondyne Joe, or his ghost ?' ' ' Ay ?' said the gang with one breath. ' Ay, I said that, never fearing, for Moondyne Joe, dead or alive, would never harm a prisoner.' ' But what, did he answer ?' asked tho eager crowd. ' He never said a woad ; but he laid his finger on his lips, like this, and waved bis band as if he warned me to go back to the camp. I turned to go ; then I looked back once, and he was standing i'ust as I left him, but he was looking up at the sky, as if there was some'at in the moon that pleased him.' The convicts worked silently, each thinking on what he had heard. 1 He mightn't ha' been afraid, though,' said low-browed Dave ; ' I'd let them cut my tongue out before I'd sell the Moon dyne.' ' That's true,' said several of the gang, and many kind looks were given to Ter rell. A strong bond of sympathy, it was evident, existed between these, men and the person of whom they spoke. A sound from the thich bush inter rupted the conversation. The convicts looked up from their wcrk, and beheld a strange procession aoproaching from the direction of the swamp. It consisted or about a dozen or fifteen persons, most of whom were savages. In front rode two officers of the Convict Service, a ser geant and a private trooper, side by side, with drawn swords ; and between their horses, menacled by the wrists, to their stirrup-irons, walked a white man. Here they come,' hissed Terrell, with a bitter malediction, his brow wholly disappearing into a teniblo ridge above his eyes. ' They haven't killed him after all. O, mates, what a pity it is to see a ' man like Moondyne in that plight.' ' He's done ror three of them,' mut tered another, in a tone of grim gratifica tion. ' Look at the loads behind. I knew he wouldn't be taken this time like a cornered cur.' Following tho prisoner came a troop of ' natives,' as the aboriginal bushmen are called, bearing three spearwood litters with the bodies of wounded men. A villianous-looking savage, mounted on a troop horse, brought up the rear. His dress was like that of his pedestrian follows, upon whom, however, lie looked in disdain — a short boka, or cloak of kangaroo skin, and a b*lt of twisted fur cords round his naked body. In addi tion he had a police trooper's old cap, and a heavy ' regulation ' revolver stuck in his belt. This was the tracker, the human blond'ioiind, used by tho troopers to follow the trail of absconding prisoners. When tho troopers neared the convict parly, the sergeant, a man whose natural expression, whatever it might have been, was wholly obliteratad by a frightful sear across his face, asked for water. The naiives halted, and squatted silently . in a group. The wounded men moaned as tho litters were lowered. D.ive Terrell bought tho water. He handed a pannikin to tho sergeant, nnd another to the pri ate trooper, and filled a third. ' Who's that for ? ' harshly demanded the sergeant. ' For Moondyne,' said tho convict, approaching tbe chained man, whose neck wrs stretched towards tho 'brimming cup. ' Ltand back, curse you!' said the sergeant, bringing hip sword flat on the convict's back. ' 'i'hnt scoundrel needs no wator. He drinks blood. ' There was a taunt iu the tone, even beneath the brutality of the words. ' Carry your pail to thoso litters,' growled the sinister-looking sergeant, ' and keep your mouth closed, if you value your hide. There ! ' he said in a sup pressed voice, flinging the few drop3 he had left in the face of the manacled man, ' that's water enough for you, till you reach Bundury prison to-morrow. ' The face of the prisoner hardly chan ged. He had one straight look into the sergeant's eyes, then turned away, and seemed to look far away through the bush. He was a remarkable being, as he stood there. In strength and pro portion of body the man was magnificent — a model for a gladiator. He. was of middle height, young, but so stern and massively featured, and so browned and beaten by exposure, it was hard to deter mine his age. His clothing was only a few torn and bloody rags : but he looked as if his natural garb were utter naked ness or the bushman's cloak, so loosely and carelessly hung the shreds of cloth on bis bronzed body. A largo, finely shaped head, with crisp, black hair and beard, a broad, square forehead, and an air of power and self-command — this was the prisoner, this was Moondyne Joe. Who or what was the man 7 An escaped convict. What had he been ? Perhaps a robber or a mutineer, or maybe he had killed a man in the white heat of passion ; no one knew — no one cared to know. That quostion is never asked in the penal colony. No caste there. They have found bottom, where all stand equal. No envy there, no rivalry, no greed nor ambition, and no escape from companionship. They constitute the purest democracy on earth. The only distinction to be won — that of being trustworthy, or selfish and false. The good man is he who is kind and true ; the bad man is he who is capable of be traying a confederate. It may be the absence of the competi tive elements of social life that acconnts for the number of manly characters to be met among these outcasts. (To be continued.') . 