The Colonial Voice of the Flying ©ay. The difficulties of the State have presented an opportunity to the op- •ponGnts of free education for again raising their lameiils and protests against the godless system that prevails. " Up, Sectarians, an at 'em " is now the cry, and as the Treasurer acknowledges to be £90,000 on the wrong side of the ledger, why not make it good by saving the £150,000 which free education costs the country. This is doubtless a very good cry, for those who believe in the backward step. Having been once given it is to be hoped tha*; the present system will remain, that the believers in sectarianism and Bible reading in State Schools will so conduct their affairs, that they will be able to give to the pastors of their different churches their uttermost farthing without looking to the Legislature for assistance, and that Bible-reading in State Sehools will be religionsly excluded, until they, " who call themselves Christians,'' find themselves fit to be gathered into one fold and under one shepherd. Free education is as necessary to a State, as free land is to a socialist, but in giving free education, the gift should not be allowed to be abused. The wealthy should not be allowed to take from their poorer brethren any portion tif that which was never intended for them. As loug aa private schools are part of the system, they should not be allowed to call upon the State to educate their children. A tax on meanness would bring in a goodly levenue, and that added to the saving which would be aftected by the abolition of the £200 per annum for Parliamentary talk, would quickly do away with any feiisting deficit, or with any that in the future might exist. I am not particular as to a hundred years, but a century or two ago society was not existing on a very satisfactory basis. The long period of disturbances in England, commencing with the luckless monarch who lost his head and ending with the^descendant, who in his last years worshipped the divinity of Bacchus, drorte oa to the roads, many who were born to better fortunes. * Thus you might have under your mahogany the legs of a guest, who in a few 'hours'afterwards, would be relieving your wife, ou her way to some fashionable entertainment, of her cash and her jewels, and the exquisite, who might to-day by dulcet tones and polite manners charm all by his presence, would at night astonish wekk nerves by demanding in a stentorian voice, "money or your life." Captain Bazelgette was at the time of which I am wiiting, one of those occasionally compelled "to do the road." He dined by invitation at a country* h6use ou a certain occasion, where he met a learned judge and a celebrated d iviue. At the dinner was the judge's niece, an epitome of loveliness, aud the good looks and attractive manners of the-captain impressed her, as much as her beauty had a like effect upon what he considered his heart. After the dinner those who could siug, attended the niece at the harpsichord, which enabled our friend to charm those wbo heard him by the followingeffusion:— As sleeps the dreaming Eve below, ? It's holiest star keeps ward above. %nd yonder wave begins to glow, _ "Like Frieudshiplmght'nmg into Love ! Ah ! would thy bosom were that stream, Ne'er woo'd save by tne virgin air!— Ah! would I were that star, whose beam Looks down and finds its image there! The "Song ended, the gallant captain took his departure, and soon afterwards was engaged with some friends in despoiling the - learned -judge and the celebrated divine of their valuables, as they returned from the dinner party. The niece had been left behind, aud having reformed his wayjs, Captain Bazelgette, according to the fashionable intelligence of the day, in twelve months won her for his bride, much to the satisfaction of the affectionate uncle. Beauty, they say, is but skin deep, a piece of- philosophy preaehed and appreciated only by those^ who have "to look at it from a distance Helen's loveliness caused the ten years Trojan War. Bathsheba from her bath made the man after God's own heart 'forget that there was ought in this world" but love. The wisdom of Solomon disappeared in the arras of ihe./dpsky Queen of Sheba, and to come to our own times, who is there that has seen our own Princess of Wales, but has felt the influence, almost a spell, cast upon him or her by theisight -of so much beauty and attractiveness. If, therefore, beauty is but skin deep, its effects are very mysterious. Said a beautiful woman to Talleyrand,"the French Statesman and philosopher, " Why did you pass yestei-day without looking at me ?" He replied, " Madam, if I had looked, I could not have passed." I read in a French newspaper, which reached me by the last mail, an >i,tem which may be of interest to our farmers ou accouct of its novelty and originality. They ice milk, placing it in tinned common J tie?. The milk is frozen, and placed in block forms in tins, and previous to use requires to be melted. Being hermetically sealed, the commodity thus iced, preserves its form until it is required, when a minute's exposure to the sun's rays, or to the heat of the fiie, is all that is necessary to reduce it to a liqu id condition. Amongst 1 he many physicians of eminence, whose outspokenness has sometimes astonished the ; r patients, Dr. Jephson of Leamington, Warwickshire, may be noted. He was one day visited by a great society dame, and having listened to an account of be: ai'Liit nts told her to act on the f illowiuu regime : Take an egg and a cup of tea for breakfast, then walk for two hours. Take for lunch, a slicc of cold beef and half a glass of madeira, then another two hours walk. Tiike fur din nerfisli and fowl, with a single glass of claret. Bed at 10 and rise at 6 o'clock. "Do you know who I am," coctjr; do you know my position?" asked she when she could at length find words to address him. Said he, " Perfectly, Madam, I am pi escribing for an old woman with a decaved stomach." Have you ever read the autobiography of Marie Baslikii tseff ? If not, do so. It will astonish you by its frankness and its disassociation fi-om the preconceived ideas and instincts of habit natural to the minds of well brought up young ladies. There are many people who think that it is improper for young ladies to paint from the nude. M.B. had often asked herself whether it were -immodest to look at the nude. To test this she presented herself before a mirror in an undraped state. In contemplating herself she felt no shyness, and was puzzled why she should be covered with intolei-able shame if in that state she were exposed to the eyes of others. She arrived at the conclusion that personal modesty is founded on misgiving, and that were anyone confident that he or she were flawless and of perfect mould there would be no sense of shrinking from the eyes of others. There is, doubtless, a considerable quantity of truth in this; but it will be sometime before the majority of people reconcile themselves to the idea of following the example of the Adam and Eve banquets carried out in Paris during the Regency of Philippe, Due d ! Orleans. I think it. has been stated by somebod}' that newspaper proprietors are long- suffering members of the community. In Fiji, according to a recently returned missionary, if there exists in a village any person who can and will not pay his debts, he is subject to a constant beating of drums,wherever he may go, and the noise is kept up until he disburses. There is some hope for newspaper proprietors yet. A concert was given in a certain colonial town. A goodly sum was collected. It was for the benefit of a church. An atten.uated-souled person, with an equally narrow mind, hearing that a young lady who had taken part in the entertainment had just appeared in a skirt dance on another public platform for a charitable purpose, was so shocked, that he declai-ed that his church should- not be benetited by money obtained by the assistance of a woman who had acted so wickedly, and he endeavoured to return the money to all whom he could find out as being present at liia entertainment. It turned out that the sinuL-r was a sister to the lady who had assisted him, but this discovery was not made till he had shown that he did not possess that charity which Covers a multitude of sins. One hears strange things whilst travelling. Going to Glenelg by the mid-dav train, and knowing that few passengers were likely at that time to disturb me, I stretched myself out in one of the compartments. Two confidential friends iu the shape of yonng damsels entered, and of course, not being able to perceive me, said one to. the other: "Charlie called last evening and told me a ghost story that frightened me nearly to death." " Did you scream ?" asked the other. " Worse than that," said the other, "I had to ask him tG tarn up the £as." Not knowing what next might come, I coughed. A dead silence followed a slight scream. Perhaps they thought I was the ghost. It may interest military-minded persons to know that when a foreign invasion takes place, necessitating perhaps their taking a hurried departure for the hilis, the preseutmg of guns need not mean certain death. During the Franco-Prussian war, the Germans fired 30,000,000 rifle cartridges and 363.000 charges of artillery, killing or mortally wounding 77,000 Frenchmen, showing that 400 shots are required to kill or mortally wound one man. The weapons of destruction at present in use, may have changed all that. Tout cela serait change. The boulevard leading from Brooklyn to Coney Island, State of New York, United States of America, is one of the most magnificent in the world. Lately was held there a pai-ide of 12,000 bicyclists, 2,000 of them being women. The paper that describes this spectacle says that the women were of all ages. Some wore concealed " bloomers," others wore them of very fall and flowing dimensions, without any concealment. The " new wfiiiii'ii of . America are pertinaciocsly r.»i*atin«r the "bloomers," and or.e ck-z ir.ym;iii hi-ii-ly preached a sermon in defence of if.s propriety, to such purpose, that an association w?_s formed, several hundred strong, to adopt this costume simultaneous^upen a certain given date, and henceforth to wear no other. But America is the country of big things aml.bi": ideas. Hence its freedom. I was travelling second-class. There entered an old party, on whose countenance beaming smiles were constant. She carried a big basket, which sent out the perfumes of delicious apples. " Take an apple, sir," she said. " You will flfrd it good for digestion, better than Eno's Fruit Salt. It is an easy food for the stomach to deal with. It helps digestion. It stimulates the liver. It kills hurtful matters. It prevents skin eruption. Take an apple, sir, and after this take one every morning before breakfast. You will be good- tempered all day." And she smiled at me benignly, as if I were ever anything but good-tempered. 1 took one. I know, my friend, your weakness for poetry. How often have I watched you in your contemplative moments, looking as if the shades of Byron or Shelley had fallen upon you. Listen, my friend. I repeat to you one of the sweetest ballads of the olden times, and one which if properly heeded, will cause yoa to cease to wither and to dei-pair : Shall t, wasting in despair, Die because a woman's fair 1 Or my cheeks make pale with care 'Cause another's rosy are Be she fairer than the day Or the flowery meads in May— If she be not so to me What care I how fair she be 1 Shall my foolish heart be pined 'Cause I see a woman kind ; Or a well disposed nature _ Joined with a lovely feature 1 Be she meeker, kinder, than Turtle-dove or pelican, If she be not so to me What care I how fan she be ? Shall a woman's virtues move Me to perisli for her love 1 Or her merits' value known Make me quite forget mine own 7 Be she with that goodness blest Which may gain her name of Best ; If she seem not such to me, What care I how good she be 'Cause her fortune seems too high Shall I play the fool and die ? Those that bear a noble mind Where they want, of riches find, Think what with them they would do Who without them dare to woo ; And unless that mind I see What care L though great she be ? Great or good, or kind or fair, I will ne'er the more despair ; If she love me, this believe, I will die ere she shall grieve ; If she slight me when I woo, I can scorn and let her go - For if she be not for me. What care I, for whom she be ? 