[N'OW FIRST PUBLISHED.] ACROSS THE BREAKERS, BY J. S. FLETCHER. Author of "With Much Fair Speech." "Frank Carisbroke's Stratagem," " Old Lattimer's Legacy," " Only a Face," etc., etc. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.l BOOK I.-SEEDTIME. CHAPTER I.-THE STRANGER ARRIVES. ABOUT the year seventeen hundred and sixty, there lived in an old house, since pulled down, but then standing close to the Priory Church of Cartmel, a man who was known to his neighbours and acquaintances (he had no friends) as Anthony Fenton. Whether that was his real name or an assumed one, no one knew; hut any name is good enough for a man whose antecedents are unknown in the place where he has elected to take up his residence. No one knew why Anthony Fenton had come to live in the old house at Cartmel ; no one ever discovered how Anthony Fenton obtained his money, of which useful commodity he seemed to have at least enough to live comfortably upon, and without doing anything in the way of work; no one had succeeded in finding out where Anthony Fenton came from, nor whether he ever intended to go away. When he first came to Cartmel speculation was exceedingly rife about him; but when he settled down and people grow familiar with his dark face and uncommon style of dress, the tongues of the Cartmel gossips ceased to wag, and their brains went about to seek some new object of meditation. It was in the autumn of the year seventeen hundred and fifty-nine that Anthony Fenton came to Cart- mel. To be precise, it was on the 21st day of October, which on that year, fell on a Wednesday. It had been a dark, gloomy day. The weather prophets-and in the last century every old man and woman was a weather prophet-had prophe- sied rain; but up to six o'clock in the evening the rain had kept off. It was dark at five o'clock or soon after, for the sun had never come out all day, and Blackcombe kept away whatever light he gave as he sank beyond its long, gloomy expanse. The sound of the Priory clock seemed very mournful that dark afternoon. Even the school children ran quickly to their homes, for they were fright- ened at the general gloom, and some of them had to walk through eerie lanes to their cottages. The landlord of the King George sat in his parlour about five o'clock, smoking a pipe of tobacco. There was a roaring fire in the old fashioned grate, and a kettle on the hob hissed and spurted merrily. The parlour itself was a place of much comfort. There was old oak in it, which was not thought much of in those days, but which would drive all the dealers of Wardonr-street crazv with delight, if they could but se it. The floor was sanded, and the Abigail of the establishment had embellished the sides and corners with certain hieroglyphic scrawls, which she doubtless supposed to be extremely artistic. In place of the bottles of coloured water which are arranged in our modern parlours, the parlour of the King George rejoiced in rows of grand old pewter tankards, some of them of terribly capacious dimensions, and large brown earthenware mugs and jugs, corresponding in size to their com- panions in pewter. Bundles of clean white pipes lay about the tallies, and little wooden boxes filled with saw- dust were placed here and there on the sanded floor for the convenience of smokers. The landlord drew a long whiff of Virginian from his pipe, and sent it curling up to the ceiling. He was a short, stout man, with a red face, clean shaven; he wore a wig of a snuff-brown colour, and his nose was rather large and rather bulbous. He had a white apron tied round his rotund waist, and beneath the apron appeared a thick pair of short legs, clothed in brown knee-breeches and greyish-blue stockings. Although it was but little after five o'clock, the landlord had taken off his shoes and put on his slippers. The shoes stood against the wall, and they had a pair of real silver buckles on them. When the landlord had puffed out his mouthful of smoke, he leaned back in his chair, sighed, and felt with his left hand for a tankard which stood on the table at his side. Having found this, he lifted it to the level of his mouth, nodded solemnly to a man who sat at the opposite side of the fire, and drank slowly and appreciatively. "Your health, Master Thorn- thwaite," said the landlord. The other man remembered that he also had a tankard at his elbow. He found it presently, and raised it to his mouth. " Your health, Master Woodburn." <rVeiíKnico alo-oh, very nice," "No hotter," asserted the landlord, between li re and-and London." lie said London becau^o he could think just then of no place more distant. " As for London ale," he went on, after another minute or two, during which ho puffed at his pipe, " I have no opinion of it. Have you been to London, Master Thornthwaite?" " No, no," said Mastnr Thorn- th waite, horror-struck at tho idea. "' No. sir, surely !" "Nor me," said the landlotd. , "Foioign tr.vvol is what I have never hold with. Says I, 'If Provi- dence places you in a fair spot, stop lhere.' ' " Very truo. Master Woodburn ; very truo, sir." " I have, howovor," said the land- lord, "tasted tho London ale. A fripnd^ of mino once brought mo «orno in a bottle It was trash, sir, trash- nothing moro!" " Dear mc," said Master Thorn thwaito, "I should have thought the ilo in London would have been good. Tho King, sir-will ho drink it ?" "The King drinks wine, sir-only wine," said the landlord." " Ah !" said neighbour Thoro thwaito. " Yes,".continued the landlord. " I remember somebody else, too, who waa fond of a glass of good wine, sir,. You remember the '45, Master Thornthwaite?" As Master Thornthwaito was about sixty years of age, and the '45 was only fourteen years back, it would have been strangeif he had not remembered that stirring time. "Yes, sir," he answered. "Yes, sir. Dear-dear !" "Ay," sighed the^ landlord. aA fine young man, neighbour; a fine young man !" "Do you think he was the-the King, sir?" asked Master Thorn- thwaito. Master Woodburn took a pull at his pipe, and coughed discreetly, " Here's the King's health," he said, with a long draught of the tankard, " whet her ho's over the water or on this sido of it, Master Thornthwaite. It won't affect you and mo much. Master Thornthwaito rubbed his hands, and drank tho King's health. "No, sir, no, that it won't, The King-and long may ho live, sir." While Master Thornthwaito was lifting tho tankard to his lips, a heavy foot came up the passage to tho parlour. "Who's coming?" said the land- lord. " It's a heavy foot," said Mastor Thornthwaite. " It must be tho miller, or else it's Simon." " Nay," said Miister Woodburn, "it's not the miller, and it's too heavy for Simon. Besides, whoever it is ho doesn't know the way." The footstep had passed. The In milord got np and threw open the parlour door. In the gloom of the passage, with the darkness outside forming a sort of lighter background against him, stood aman who seemed to he looking for a door. "Como in, sir, criod tho landlord, cheerily. " It's rather dark there, birt we ve a cheoi'y fire hore that'll do your heart good to see. This way, sir." Tho stranger advanced into the parlour, and perceiving Master Thornthwaite made a courteous bow. " Servant, sir," said Master Thorn- thwaite. "Very unpleasant weather, sir." The stranger again bowed, and then seating himself in a chair facing the lire, he rested his tace upon his hands, and looked into the rod ushes as though ho were endeavouring to read some story there. Ile seemed to bo a man of forty or forty two years of age, he was tall, well'-built, rather portly; his face was dark and clean shaven, the forehoad was high and broad, and there were lines across it which told t>r caro and thought, if not of actual trouble. His hair was long, worn pretty much in the fashion of a wig ; it was tied at the back with a piece of black ribbon. He was dressed entirely in black, and over his arm he 'carried a largo black cloak, which which he had evidently taken off on entering tho inn. His linen was very white and good, and in his cravat he wore ti magnificent gold brooch. Altogether ho was a very noticeable mau. As the stranger sat staring abstractedly into tho fir Masters Thornthwaite and Woodburn looked at each other over his hoad, and exchanged words and winks, which, being translated, meant " Who is he ?" After n few minutos, during which Muster Woodlatrn»had twice enquired what his honour was pleased to dosire, the stranger looked up. " Ah, so you are the host, eh ?'' he said. "At your honour's scrvico," ans- wered the landlord, with a bow. "This village is called Cartmol, I think." "It is, sir," said Master Woodburn. " You have a famous old Priory church here, I believe ? " " Not a stone's throw away, sir," said the landlord. " You will hoar the chimes, sir, in one moment." lu point of fact, tho chimes just then began to tell the hour of six. "This worthy man, sir," said the landlord, indicating Master Thorn- thwaito with a wave of his hand, " is the sexton of the church." " At your service, sir," said Master Thornthwaito, with many bows. "Happy to show you round, sir, to-morrow, if your honour remains I overnight. "Thanks, my good friend. Over- night 1 must remain. Landlord, I will have sonto food." "Your honour shall be served at once," answered tho host, who had been much impressed by thostranger's appen ranee. " What will your honour tako?" "Nay," said tho stranger, with a smile, '" what enn you give mo ? " Master Woodburn considered a while. "Certainly," ho remarked, with a deprecatory cough, " the larder is not liver well stocked at this time of the year. What, says your honour to some cold beef in primo cuts, half a. line bird which was hung a fair time in our cellar, a slice of one of my wife's gain© pies, a tart of apples nnd black'>eiTÍes, and a bottle of good wine ?' .'O.ipital," answered the stranger. "Bring thom all." "The private room shall bo pro pared for your honour," said Mnster Woodburn. " I will order a Uro to bo lighted there at once." " No, no," said tho stranger. " I shall do very well here, master land- lord. I have a dislike of your private room ; it will bo cold, ttnd probably very gloomy ; and I like not cold nor gloom. Now, here is n grand, merry Bro, a cosy room, and good companj*. So servo the meal here." ] "Certainly.sir,"said Master Wood- burn, proceeding to call lustily for cnndlos, and for moro wood for the lire. " Your honour is very con-, descending." j The host proceeded to set out a ' small near tho fire, for his guest's refection, glancing ever and anon at the stranger's dress, his gold brooch, and the buckles on his shoes. "Yourhonourwillrequireasleeping chamber ?" asked Master Woodburn after an interval of silence. " Yes," said the stranger. " I must sleep hero to-night." " It shall be prepared, sir, with due care." "The roads, sir, hereabouts are very bad at this season," remarked the sexton presently. " Very filthy, sir," said the stranger, "Bless me?" cried the landlord suddenly, "I forgot your honours horse." The stranger looked at the landlord with a'suspicious gleam of the eye. "Your honour, of course.took it to the stable before coming in. That was right! Our stable is famous from here to Carlisle. No better along all the coast." "I brought no horse," said the stranger quietly. "Then your honour must have walked from the coach ? " asked the host, curiously. The stranger, howevei-, was looking into the fire again, and either did not hear the , landlord's question, or pretended not to hear it. He sat staring at the embers, while the sexton and Master Woodburn winked at each other across his unconscious head. The landlord bustled about, and in a few minutes the table was set with a mound of cold sirloin of beef, the half of a plump pheasant, and the game pie of which mine host had spokon so highly. A bottle of vener- able appearance kept watch over the eatables, and a tart of apples and blackberries stood warming on the hob by the fire. "If your honour will please to dine," said Master Woodburn, " the dinner is ready." The stranger looked up and glanced at the table. His eye brightened and he rose from his seat. "I will say good night to you, Master Woodburn," said the sexton, rising from the settle in the chimney corner, "And to you sir." " What, going? ' asked the stranger. " Nonsense, man ! The night is not begun yet. Stop and try ft slice of beef or a bit of the game pie. 1 war- rant me they are both good. Come, host will join us, I'know. I invite you both. Fetch some moro plates and knives, landlord. 'Tis dull work eating and drinking alone." " It is indeed said the sexton, with a sigh. " I have been a lone man these ten years, sir, and I can agree with you in that. Since my poor wife was laid in the churchyard there I have taken my bite and sup by myself day out and day in." "Then tho moro reason why you should bogin to bo social now," said the stranger. " Como, master land- lord,' sit down, don't bo bashful. . You shall carve for us. But first fill us one of those great jugs with your best brow. I'll warrant mo you've somo fine alo in these parts." " Your honour is very kind," answered the proud landlord, rising to fill his biggest jug and setting three pewter tankards on tho table. "I make bold to say your honour will find no finer ale than this between here and the end of the world !" The stranger drained a tankard and nodded in sign of approval. Then set to work on a high slice of cold beef, and ate with the" air of one who has not broken his fast for a whole day. Ho was too much cngngod with his food to talk much, but ovory now and then ho pressed his companions to oat, and at his request Master Woodburn filled the brown jug more than onco. He rapidly rose in the landlord's estimation by his exhibi- tion as a trencherman, and Master Thornthwaito marvelled that one man could eat so much at one time. "And now, my friends," said the stranger, when ho had fully satisfied his craving for food, "let us try the quality of our silent acquaintance hero. Ah, there aro few sounds pleasanter than the pop of a cork ! This wine has laid long in your cellar, landlord ?" " It has indeed, sir ; that wino was saved, your honour, from ' the the Scotch force which passed through here on its way to Lancaster in 1745." "'Tis very good" said the stranger. "I drink your health, master landlord. I don't know your name." "Geoffroy Woodburn," said the landlord, bowing, "at your honour's service." v " Your health, then, good Master Woodburn, and yours too, my worthy friend," turning to the sexton. " How do they call you ?'' "John Thornthwaito.sir," answered tho sexton. "John Thornthwaite also at your service." "Thoi'nthwaito, oh? If-I mistake not. that isia real Cumbrain name." "It is,sir. TherehavebeonThornth wnites ever since I can remember," said the sexton, uttering a truism unconsciously. "You seem dull here, "Master Geoffrey," remarked the stranger, presently. " We have few guests, your honour, except when the farmers come in. But to- night, it being stormy they will remain in their houses. "Stormy, is it? said the stranger. "Ah I hear the noise of the rain now. Well, we urecomfortuhie here, gentle- men, at any rate." " Will your honour smoko a pipe of tobacco?' asked Master Woodburn. "With ploasiue, mine host. But stay, I will give yon somo tobacco myself. This," he went on, producing a packot of the fragrant weed, " is the genuine article, worth its weight in gold. Fill your pipes, good Masters Woodburn and Thornthwaite, and wo will open another bottle." If the stranger's object was to create a good impression, he certainly succeeded. By the time the Priory clock sounded ton the_ landlord and the sexton had conceived a firm affection for their new acquaintance., They vowed that ho could smoko with Harry Graham the Miller, drink with Simon Oldland tho blacksmith, I and tell tales with Blind Willie the bedesman. Again, he was not chary of his orders, and Master Woodman had to fetch a good many bottles of his best wine before the company separated. Under the influence of the generous grape Master Thornth- waite waxed eloquent, and told the stranger of the treasures of the Priory: of the black-letter Bible, in six volumes printed in Basle in 1502, of the copy of St. Thomas Aquinas, also in black-letter, printed in Vienna in 1509, of the Faerie Queene, of the Virgil, of the Foxe's Boko of Martyrs, and of the quaintly carved misereres. Then mine host related a wonderful ghost story of the Priory, and the stranger followed with a pirate story of the Spanish Main. All this time the landlord and the sexton were in ignorance of their companion'snameand business. They were dying to know, and each gave out hints of their curiosity. But the stranger gave no response in answer to these hints. From his conver- sation it appeared that he had travelled a great deal and seen much of the world. Finally, Master Wood- burn set him down as a traveller who was visiting their own out-of-the-way region for mere pleasure. " Your honour has been evidently attracted by our bold scenery ?" he ventured to say. _.. The stranger puffed out a cloud of smoko and nodded. "I bavo heard of it," he answered. " Your honour will perhaps stay a while among us," said the sexton. " Can't say." Further than that ho would not go, but ere they separated he told them his name. " I am called Anthony Fenton," he said; "who I am, or what I am, matters to no one but mo. My time is my own, and whatever I get I pay for-and pay well and readily. So my good Master Woodburn, you know all there is to tell, and you will oblige me, while I ara among you, by asking nothing further. And now 111 go down to my bed." Thus did Anthony Fenton come to Cartmel. It was never shown how he got thore ; he had not ridden on horseback, nor had he come by the coach. It was at last decided that he must have walked from the coast, three miles away, having been landed there by a boat. To Master Woodburn's surprise and pleasure he remained at the King George 'for some days. He walked about the country in the day-time nnd spent the autumn evenings in the parlour of the inn, making friends of tho frequenters. He said no more of himself, however, and everyone was looking for his departure, when there came the startling news that the stranger had taken the old houso by the church- yard. He bad been and looked at it, seen the agent of the landlord to whom it belonged, and finally taken it on a lease of some years. What ho intended to do now that he had got it the simple folk of Cartmel could not make out. Anthony Ponton, however, had two rooms in the old house fitted up with simple furniture, manufactured by the local joiuer, and when this wjts done he took up his quarters in it, much to the regret of Master Woodburn. He kept no servant ; he ate his meals for a while at tho inn ; then he began to cook for himself, and only carno to the King George now and then. Sometimes he was absent from Cartmel for weeks together; but no one saw him go away, and none saw him come hack. Ho wns, taking him altogether, a very mysterious personage. One of his peculiarities the Cartmel people never quite got over. _He was hail-fellow-well-met with evei'y body at the inn, his money was spent freely for the good of the company, and he would drink and smoke with anyone, but he never, on any pretence whatever, admitted any of his acquaintances to enter his house, and it was a well-known fact that from the day of his entering upon its occupancy no other person ever at any time so much as crossed the threshold. (To be continued in Tuesday's issue. ) 