THE PIRATE TEN. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE, BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'The Deatli Ship,' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) The skipper fell -back a fetep. Was the man insane? He was in a lonely part of the deck with hiin— a little man, and t'other had a chest like a table — and in silence he pricked 'his ears for the return of the mate and the arrival of the surgreon. '?You's got. a sleepy-headed crew,' Mr. Shannon went on. 'Why didn't. ihey stop me from climbing out on to that spar? What in flames is the cood of such a lookout as is kept aboard this 'Queen?' The ship's not over insured. I hope? I don't know how the rest of them below will relish my yarn.' He is mad, thought Captain Benson. But he was in a terrible rage too. He went to the rail to blow, holding the other, however, in the' corner of his eye. Two figures at this instant came out of the cuddy door. 'Come up, come up, sir!' the skipper shouted. The zealous but unlucky Poole sprang up the ladder. The doctor's step had the leisureness of uncrtainty. 'Here's this gentleman says he's walked in his sleep out of his bunk on to the flying jibboom-end, where he fell to howling, causing the second offi cer to commit a grave breach of duty by quitting his charge to see what the matter was on the fok'sle, instead of calling me. Now, sir!' The captain volleyed these words at the doctor, who answered quietly, 'A case of sleep-walking, eh! Who is it? Mr. Shannon. Sir, you have had a narow escape of your life.' 'But are we to believe it, sir?' gasp ed Captain Benson. v 'I would advise you not to exasper ate me with these needless affronts,' said Shannon, sternly, and his white figure looked firm in the dusk. 'This is the second time you have given me the lie.' 'Mv amis chest has been plundered,' bawled the skipper. 'Things are wrong in this ship. What are you doing in the middle watch at the jibboom-end, howling? How did he howl, sir?' he cried, rounding on Mr. Poole. 'Most shockingly and infernally, sir.' 'Just explain, doctor, that I am a somnambulist, will ye? Have you any book on the subject? But of your own experience, no doubt, you'll have plenty of tales to entertain and con vince' the captain with.' Contriving every attitude of sulky contempt his figure could convey by that light, Shannon lounged to the companionway and sunk, all white like a ghost, through the hatch. Ghost-like still he slided though the cuddy. AH was quiet save the quiet complainings of the ship. Captain Trollope had been mistaken in sup posing that the doctor would be in and out all night with Miss Holroyd; the young lady had been sleeping soundly for an hour past, and Mrs. Holroyd was in bed in the bunk atop asleep' too. Nevertheless, Mr. Shan non shot a look at the Holoyd's berth as he passed; they slept two doors' abaft Miss ManseU; between lay Mr. and Mrs. Storr; and forward by a door was the cabin shared by Mr. Peter Johnson and Mr. Paul Han key. Mr. Shannon elided on. noiseless naked feet, and coming under the foremast skylight he stopped to catch what -the captain and the doctor were saying. He heard the doctor tell the captain that there could be no doubt Mr. Shannon had walked in his sleep; surely no mere love of fooling would take a man out of his bunk in his bed clothes and set him a cockhors ing the end of that dim projecting spar; it was a mercy when he awoke that he hadn't fallen. Mr. Shannon heard the grumble of suspicion in the captain's answer; they moved from the skylight and their words grew in audible, on which Mr. Shannon l^ht ly knocked on Mr. Davenire's door and passed in. This had been Burns's berth. Mark Davenire sat upright in the only bunk it contained; his huge legs clothed in drawers hung over the edge of the shallow board that held the mattress, and his great figure seemed to fill the place. By the dim ligtht of a lamp swaying ait a bracket the two men saw each other. Davenire's eyes had an extraordinary brightness. They shone like fire in his pale face Sun light would have submitted him white as mi!Hr. His large, heavily framed form was trembling, and as Shammm entered the big, pale fellow put down a flask. 'Give me that if there's a drop in it,' whispered Shannon. 'Take it,' said Davenire, pointing to has side; he would not extend his arm; he did not want Shannon to see how Ms hand shook. The other picked up a flask and sucked down a raw mouthful. 'I've done my bit,' said he, 'I got them all forward. How was it with you?' 'Oh, my God!' muttered Davenire. 'Do you mean ? ' 'No, no. The secret's our own still. I've been listening to her calling to me through there.' Shannon shuddered, and said in a defiant sort of way as though seeking for spirit in demeanor, 'Was it quiet ly managed?' 'CaMwell's a ? monster,' was the answer. 'Whatever he takes in hand in this way is bound to be quiet ly -managed.' % . Shannon dew close to the bunk, and speaking with his lips at Davenire's ear, said, 'There must be no delay now. If Trpjllope won't consent the rest must rise and do it Murder's been brought into the business— we'd hoped against that, you know-; — ' 'A poor girl!' groaned Davenire, trembling, and talking as though his other ear was. strained at the open .port. :_;. '??:?? '' - . 'If we should be clapped underj' continued Shannon, 'were hanged men.' ' ? 'To-morrow night,' said Davenire. 'Or this night's that's to come,' he added, looking towards a large silver watch that dangled sit tne esctemity of his great silver chain by the side of the lamp. :'Snef^^ff o^aM; turn in.' . ?- -, ?: Without anotiher syllable Shannon slipped spectre-like from - Daveoirefe berth and gained Ms awn* ?_ CHAPTER XL The grey, dawn found Captain Ben son asleep in his cot, and Mr. Mat , thews, the chief officer, in charge of the barque. The circle of the eea ran with a searching sweep black as ink against that lifting melancholy light of heaven, but in a few minutes the sun sprang clear and a man aloft in the maintopniast crosetrees shel tering his sight whilst he gripped a shroud, plunged his gaze far astern, and hailing the deck, sung out, 'Sail ho!' Something perhaps that had been passed in the night, or standing north or south athwart the barque's wake,- invisible from the deck as the dome of St. Paul's, so that the mate' after a careless look, saw to the first business of the day on board ships —washing down the decks, ' j-he pleasant air that had steadied the sails of the Queen throughout the dark hours was still in motion; the sea was a marvellous calm breast of water, sparkling from the flash of the sun into a vast restful surface of light silver blue; not a fowl of the deep ho vered; no fish sprang, nothing showed under the quarters or in the wake, or alongside the beautiful little fabric, clad in the brilliance of the early morn. She was overhung with stud ding-sails and swam with a white sheen als of ice trembling off the edges of her cloths till the height of mast from royal yard to truck seemed to undulate eel-like in. the liquid splendor. The first of the passengers to make his appearance wais Mr. Storr; it was still very early. The little man went up to the mate and after some talk about the wind and . the rate of pro gress, and the fine weather, he said he had passed a broken night 'Too hot, perhaps,' said the mate. 'Bad dreams,' answered Mr. Storr, 'and what's stranger than that is my wife was troubled with nightmares ads©.' 'How is Miss Holroyd, have you heard, sir?' inquired the mate, 'I don't know. If her cabin had been next mine, then supposing she'd been restless, talked deliriously, and so forth, I might be able to account for our having been disturbed with ugly sleeping fancies. But one can not hear through two or three bulk heads.' 'No, sir,' 'answered the mate. 'I can't help thinking,' continued Mr. Storr, 'that something must have happened in the night, to account for my wife's and my own restlessness and dreams.' 'It's odd that ye should both have dreamt.' The little man .drew a step closer to the mate, and after a swift glance round the deck exclaimed, with a de gree of earnestness that rose almost to agitation: 'Mr. Matthews, I don't mind teling you there is something in the looks of several of the ten gentle men which is making my wife and me vei-y uneasy. The robbery of the arms chest was very extraordinary.. If. a practical joke — purposeless; if the de sign of the thieves is a menacing one, where are the arms? And who are the men that did it? And what object have they In view?' 'There's nothing to be done, sir, but to keep our weather eye lifting,' an swered the mate, in a low, cautious voice. 'Then you are suspicious yourself?' The prudent mate responded with a grave smile. 'Where could they have hidden the goods?' exclaimed the auctioneer. 'Heavy muskets and great cavalry pis tols, aren't easily concealed. Both iny wife and I have particularly observed the people at your end, at table and on deck. They dress mainly in light, airy clothes, and we cannot discover that they are armed.' 'Good mercy!' cried the mate, with a start, 'I should hope they're not. sir.' 'Can't Captain Benson do .any thing?' 'What would you suggest?' inquired the mate, demurely. This puzzled Mr. Storr. After a short silence: 'I quite understand,' said he, 'the delicate position the cap tain is placed in. , He couldn't batten them down on mere suspicion. They'd claim heavy damages on the ship's ar rival and ruin the old gentleman, and perhaps his employers. And yet I fear they'll make it an uncomfortable pas sage for us. Never to be able to go to bed without ? ' Here, turning his head he saw Captain Troilope passing in his lounging walk from the com panion to the rail. 'Ay,' said he, raising his voice, 'a grand morning indeed. But we shall need more wind, Mr. Matthews, if we're to get round the Horn quickly.' *? Mr. Davenire?' he said thereo W chairs were empty at the cuddy table. The little captain came out of the cab in looking unusually stern, and the ash or gray of anxiety was mingled with the sea-red of his complexion. He ran his eye down the line of gentlemen on either hand, and missed the huge form of Mr. Mark Davenire. But Mr. Wal ter Shannon was in his place, and nearly opposite him sat Mr. Caldwell, grim and sulky, glancing here and there occasionally with a slow black eye in which the light of day kindled no star. Mr. Matthews arrived trim and fresh from the hair-brush and wash-basin of his cabin, and took his seat receiving several nods from the gentlemen, to whom he gravely in clined his bead one by one. 'Where is Mr. Davenire?' he Sftjd to Captain Trollope. 'Johnson tells me he's not well,' answered Trollope. 'He has not sent for me,' said the surgeon, on the other side of the mate. Trollope began to eat as though the matter was of no consequence to him, 'I. hope your daughter is better thig morning, ma'am?' says the captain to, Mrs. Holroyd. '. ? ? . ?- 'Decidedly . better, thank you. But the doctor has ordered her to keep her bed,' answered Mcs. Hplroyd, 'till noon/' ??.: . 'Did anyone near an extraordinary wailing noise last night?' said \ Mr. . Dent *'My wife couldn't sleep for the heat, and when I unscrewed the scut tle I heard a most amazing, blood curdling sound of crying out iippn the sea.' The captain Jookefl .severely at va cancy through -the rows of faces. 'Did you hear the noise?' said Mrs. Storr to Mrs. Dent 'No. Perhaps Because my bunk is the lower one.' 'I wonder if it was that noise which made me dream so badly?' said Mr. Storr. 'tt must r have been some sound in the cabin that set me dreaming,' ex daimed Ma wife. ' , ? ♦?What sort of sound?' inqulMd the captain. (To be continued) 