m PAffl FAME. BY EDGAU FAWCETT, .'y. ... Author of 'An Ambitious Woman,' 'A Xow York Family,' 'Women Must JYVeep,' 'Oliviti Delaplaine,' 'Douglas Duanc,' 'Solarion,' &e.; CHAPTER V.-(Continued.) Hamilton hei-e spoke, with a covert ghmee at the Russian. 'Tlii'V are dangerous,' lie said. 'Like bees, they dress softly, but car ry stmi,^.' ?()]), how lovely the sea looks!' ex claimed Felise Jacqueminot, as she and her companions all moved toward the great staircase, flanked by its big revealing casements. 'The moon will rise early to-night; v.*e shall see it liuiu my great oriel window as^vre dim'.'' -You are quite sure that you will jiot change your mind?' queried Ma d-.tme Lorraine over her shoulder to Phyllis. -So, pray excuse me,' came the an ewei'. 'But 5Ir. Hamilton may choose to accept; lie must, however, speak for imuseii. -Oh.' said Sanderac, with that tan tiilismi: urbanity which apijears to su j;;u' a jibe, 'we would not presume to tear you apart. We are not so cruel.' A loud, audacious, even insolent lauji'h sprang forth at these words, from Sir Reginald and the three de |j;ining ladies. Phyllis, who had dropped into a seat with 111 tie Adele at her knee, now rose, while almost an angry» frown darkened her brows. In another mo nu'iit they had all disappeared except Hamilton and Prince Baranoff, not to mention Adele and her mute, waiting bonne. 'Mamma,' pleaded Adele, 'may I cur stay here and go back with you in the carriage?' 'No, my darling,' said her mother, y.ho had grown calm again in a mo ment. 'You are keeping bad hours, as it is. But I will go with you and Florine a little way, if you wish. The sweet air refreshes me so,' She turn ed to Hamilton. 'Will you go with u*V' Prince Baranoff approached Phyllis. 'Will madame permit?' he asked. 'I !i;ive a few words to speak with Mon isiKir Hamilton.' 'Certainly,' Phyllis replied. Then, to Hamilton, 'you will be here when I jvTiirn?' 'Yes,' he said, neutrally, even gla cially. Phyllis, with a perplexed and trou bled look, passed down the staircase, her arm encircling the neck of - her child. Florine, the bonne, dutiously followed them. For a while, at least, the salon was occupied solely by Og d--n Hamilton and the Prince Bara toff. In profound silence these two men now regarded one another. Presently, Viith as perfect a repose as he had ever shown. Hamilton said: 'Apparently, Prince, you do not like me. Am I right?' Baranoff, after a kind of haughty start and a stare that was far from amicable. i*eturned: 'I cannot say that you are wrong, monsieur.' Then, having paused for a second or two. he resumed: 'You uiay not know it, but your former friend, the American physician, Dr. Lainunt. arrived here three days ago.' 'Dr. Lamont? Really? And you have met him?' 'Yes. monsieur.' 'I see.'1 said Hamilton, still icily calm. 'He has then told you the story of who Madame Bradhurst once was.'' Baranoff made a contemptuous ges ture. 'You are right, Monsieur Ha milton. And I have told him what you have chosen, through revenge, to make her appear.' The lines about Hamilton's lower lips and chin hardened visibly. 'To make her appear, Prince Baranoff?' 'My precise words, Monsieur Hamil ton. To make her appear. I do not believe that one shadow of real blame rests on the woman whom all Trou ville holds this hour dark with fault. The guilt is yours— not- hers ! Dr. La niout does not believe me. But he has failed to dissuade me, nevertheless. I am tenacious of my convictions when they have once struck .me as true ones.' Hamilton gravely nodded. Then, ?with a ransacking sweep of his dark eyes across Baranoff's face, he ques tioned: 'Do you want to quarrel?' ''Yes,' came the instant retort. 'Do you?' Hamilton's hands, as they hung at his sides, knotted themselves. But gradually he lowered his eyes, and 6poke, as it were, to the floor of the ehainher. 'No. I don't think my worse foe ever called me a coward, but still I answer you *no.' ' 'And why?' asked the Russian, with an air both disdainful and dis uustrui. Again Hamilton'3 eyes and Baran off's coldly met. 'Why?' slowly re peated Hamilton; and then a great softening change occurred in him. His gaze mellowed, and his lips trem hled. He put forth one hand, and the next second withdrew it And now the rarest thing was manifest in him. He. a man of such un flawed serenity, almost stammered as he said: 'Because.. Prince Baranoff, I honor too much the high, courageous feel in£ which prompts you to punish the crime of a 'wretch like myself.' At this point Hamilton, with droop ed head, sank into a chair, and pointr td to another, quite near his own. But die Prince did not accept this tacit invitation. He remained stand in & while Hamilton, with a mien, of excessive melancholy, once more scan ned his face. 'Prince,' he said, 'I am, like your self, a proud man. But I now h&g; of J'ou a favor.' 'What favor?' returned Baranoff, austerely, and yet with a famt accent of merciful clemency. 'To hear me.' Again Hamilton pointed to the va cant chair. With a smothered «igh, Baranoff dropped into it 'It is quite true,' Hamilton present ly began, leaning toward his compan. iou with a sort of savage yet plain tive eagerness, — 'It is quite true that Phyllis Lorremore is innocent of the taast wrong.' 'Ah!' broke from the Prince, with a relieved yet scornful brevity. ''It is also true,' pursued Hamil tou, 'Uiat the guilt of making her seem guilty rests wholly with my self.' Here came a silence preg nant, intense. CHAPTER VI. 'So, then, you admit this, to your own shame!' soon declared xfce Prince. 'As a girl,' was the response, 'X had offered ner my love— I, wlio liad reared her in riches, given her the guardianship of years. She refused my suit, and fled from my /home in. New York with a man Who owed | -me, like herself, a sacred debt, of- grat- j itude. I vowed vengence upon them both— foolish as now «eems that laridr; mood which their desertion of me had engendered. Six years passed. Dur ing that time my vengeful longing ' had passed, too, but iny love for the ? one woman who has ever touched this j strange, unimpressionable heart of j mine, would not die.' I Acutely interested, Baranoff bent [ closer to his interlocutor. Surprise, j but no shadow of sympathy, charged j his voiee as he said: 'Pray what j followed, monsieur? You of course j learned afterwards the whereabouts of these, fugitives?' 'I learned that they were both in Paris, and that he, Foulke Bradhurst had wholly failed as an artist to at- j tract the popular cliques, I had, and 1 still have, much influence in the Euro pean art world. If I used this influ ence against him, I ? '- 'Bab, you did that!' cried Baran off, with a frown of dissrust. 'What I did, Prince7 I did. This is no self-exculpation: it is a confes sion. As I tojd you before, it is the acknowledgment of a crime.' 'You mean, then ? ?' 'I mean that but one desire now swayed me — to repossess myself of Phyllis's companionship, though sure that her love was lost to me forever. To have her near me! — to look upon her face!— hear her voice!— be consci ous of her presence at my side ! It was not much for a man to ask, lov ing as I loved. But the great passion that hungered in my heart wanted that with an eager need, since it could get no more.' People of habitual dignity and re serve always touch and even thrill us by their emotion. This was plain ly the case with Baranoff, who had thus far known Hamilton as a man of ice. That he shold melt, seemed like one of the miracles which as a bby the Russian had been tiught devotedly to credit Still, with un yielding haughtiness he now said: 'And madame forsook her husband? She returned to your care?' 'Yes. On condition that I would use every means to save him from a wretched fever in whose grasp he then lay. weak and delirious. I kept my word; I saved her husband from death. She and her child dwelt with me. We travelled. I employed every art, though vainly enough, to induce forgetfulnes of her loss. I saw that her heart, her thought, her longing meant always, to find him and part from me. I knew that she made se cret efforts toward this object I watched those efforts, and trembled at the possibility of their success. She was near me, pale, absorbed, heedless of my idolatry, but still near me! Ah! what sweet comfort that near ness gave! But forever blent with it was the dread of losing her. Sud denly, with the lure of opportunity in reach, temptation seized me. We were here in Trouville; it all hap pened not long since; we had but re cently arrived. That large open air festival which they called the Ker rnesse was being held here.' 'I heard of it. Go on.' ' The assemblage, as you doubt less know, was oddly mixed; the great lady swept by the wanton;' the state ministered elbowed the gambler. As I moved with Phyllis (we had arri ved but yesterday) through the dense throng, this notorious person, Ma dame Lorraine, Chere-aux-Tous, what ever she is called, and whom I had chanced to meet long ago in Paris, bowed to me. ? You know the man ners of such people — with how nice a tact tbey ape what is reputable. A devil whispered in my ear: 'Present Phyllis; she will detect no difference; her abstraction, her preoccupied year ning, will change for her the bold in sult into a passing courtesy. You ruin her in the eyes of society— you make her seem what she is not but you save her for yourself. If she regain her husband, he will shrink from her. She will still be yours to gaze upon to protect, to cherish!' So spoke nay tempter, stealthy and invisible, yet strong as fate.' 'I see,' frowned Baranoff, though inwardly much moved. 'And you yielded to your tempter's counsel?' 'Yes.' Here Hamilton rose from his chair, and began slowly to pace the floor. with hands locked behind him. 'Phy- llis fell easily into the snare. Then ah, then, an anguish of remorse seized me! Men and women already believ ed the lie— have they not always be lieved wrong of a fellow-creature with the same fatal speed ? Prince' (and here Hamilton, with a mien of utter despair turned and suddenly fronted his associate) 'I have suf fered, since that sin was irrevoca bly done, what the murderer suffers who would win back breath to the dead man his wild wrath has slain! I have looked into Phyllis's unsus pecting face, and cursed himself a hun dred times! I have lain awake, night after night, haunted by the ghost of this bloodless but bitter crime. I have taxed every resource of inven tion to clear her spotless name from the stain my rash cruelty cast upon it But there is no way— none! I cannot cleanse from her pure life the blot of my own selfish folly!' Baranoff here sprang up from his chair. 'There must be some way!' he cried. 'Find her husband, and tell him all!' 'To what end? That he might de nounce her as he scorned me?' 'Then confess the truth to the wo man you have so grossly Injured.' 'Again, to what end? That she might turn from my bounty and shel ter to dash herself in desperation against the world's contempt?,' 'Where is her husband now?' de manded Baranoff, with excitement that had in it a fine yet boyish tinge. 'I will go to him! I will bear to him the confession you have just made— bear It in writing, signed with your uwu uauie. Hamilton shook his head. 'He Will not believe it What should make him believe It?' 'What should make him?' cried Baranoff, with a fiery stare; 'the faith born, of an honest love! Do you refuse? TBen you' have but one reason. Your' repentance, is feigned, your remorse has been a sham,' These - were surely hostile words. Hamilton, with the lids trembling haughtily over his dusky eyes, and a certain pquaringi of the; shoulders that betofcene(T anything tout either concilatum or surrendier, maasuredt ly replied: 'If that were trne, Princie 38gran off, I should feel conscience stiick en enough to defend myself.*' With smouldering! passion, even -ftiry, in every new word, lie went ion, 'The hateful code of duelling ^ is usually, I find, a cloak of insolent iijypoeri sy ' for one or the other of two combatants. And so, if I had some lying attitude to conceal, I should insist on meeting yon to-morrovy, and on trying to kill you if I could.'' Baranoff took out his cigarette case, a&d; selected &om; it a cigarette. ' There are ho witnesses here,' he began, 'but — '-' , 'Spare yourself,*' broke in Hamilton, with all his fierceness fading. 'Un- less you insist, I have no desire to meet you. On the contrary, I am on ly tco glad to accept the terms which you propose. There is no penance to j WhichI would not ^abject myself. If you suspect my good faith, I can only tell you that you ar^- terribly, cruelly wrong'l Foulke Brjidnurst is now in Rome, living ,vthere under the assumed j name of Manuel Piassan, Go to j him,, write to him, whichever you Will. I grant you full liberty to do eithej? .' . The Prince, intently listening, reced ed a few steps. There was something in these latter words which filled him with regret, even contrition. 'Monsieur,' he began, 'faulty though I consider you, I am sorry that I spoke as I did. I ? ' But here he paused, for Phyllis had suddenly appeared. She was quite alone. She had sent her child back to the hotel with her nurse. 'Pardon me,' she said; 'do I in trude upon you, gentlemen?' 'Far from it, madame,' returned Baranoff, with his most courteous bow. 'For the present, I think, Mon sieur Hamilton and I have finished our interview.' 'That is fortunate,' replied Phyllis, with gaze directed at her guardian. 'Mr.'- Hamilton and I may then begin another.' 'I yield to your dismissal, madame,' said Baranoff, as he now went to ward the staircase. 'Oh, believe me,' protested Phyllis, witn her sweet, sad smile, 'I meant nothing so arbitrary.' ?T regret to hear it,' softly returned the Russian. 'Ah, and why?' Baranoff bowed lower than before, looking extremely noble and handsome as he did so. 'Because,'' he said, with a furtive glance at Hamilton, which might have escaped Phyllis, 'from those whom we respect and admire, command is a privilege, and obedience a pleasure.' Immediately he departed. Phyllis's eyes followed his retreating figure. On a sudden she turned to her guardian. 'He spoke too gallantly,' she said, in troubled tones. 'It was just as though — as though he had somehow felt himself forced to defend me.' 'Defend you?' ' phrased Hamilton, colorlessly. After a pause she said, with impe rative emphasis, 'I have a question to ask of you.' 'Of me, Phyllis?' 'Yes; who are those people?' She waved one hand impatiently toward the wide back stairway. *'You know whom I mean.' A thin, chill, uneasy laugh left Ha milton. 'Really, Phyllis, I've already presented them all by name.' 'You have presented them— yes. But there are others here In Trouville with whom I have often seen you speak, but whom you have hot pre sented.' 'She suspects at hist,' Hamilton told himself. 'Ah, this dreaded moment ! What answer can I make her?' . 'Who are those people?' Phyllis again queried, with insistent wrath. 'Why do you not reply?' 'And why do you ask so earnestly?' 'Why? Because there is somehow mockery in their looks, mockery in their laughter, in their smiles, in their very politeness! That princess, du chess, whoever she may have been— why did she treat my child Adele so scornfully to-day, after learning that — that she was my child?' 'How will this end?' mused her lis tener, with secret pangs of selftor ment. 'You are silent!' she declared, wat ching him keenly. 'What does your silence mean?' 'My dear Phyllis! It means that you are nervous, unstrung.' Just then a group of people enter ed the salon from doors which opened on Interior apartments. The dusk was soon brightened by rows of elec tric lights. Laughter, a minute or two later, was heard on the great stairway, and other visitors ascended into the handsome and spacious hall. 'I— I have had such strange thoughts to- night,' faltered Phyllis— 'vague, half-formed, yet terrible!' Drawing nearer to Hamilton, she again searched his face. 'You have not yet answered my question.' Possibly the mere fact of being no longer wholly alone with nis interlo cutress had in material way restored Hamilton's self-possession. 'How can I answer it, Phyllis?' he said, with a pained smile. 'These peo ple are what you see them, gay, fri volous creatures of fashion. If they have been pleased by your acquaint ance, it is because ? ' . . ^t — well. Because ? ?' 'Why, my dear child, because ev erybody has not been repulsed by your coldness and melancholy.' Phyllis gave a sort of self -convicted start 'True, true. I am cold, me lancholy. And why should I not be, for ever striving to find him— for ever failing!' With low-voiced reproach, almost savagely bitter, she pursued : 'What have you told me concerning my husband? Nothing, except that he lives. Lives! But where?' Her hand here fell on her companion's arm; in another moment he felt her fingers tightening about it 'Oh, will you riot let me find him — : see hiniY i nave oeen paneni so longi Hamilton's lips curved in a bitter smile. 'You have been patient, tru ly.' he said, with sarcasm. 'What do you mean?' she asked, re coiling a little. 'Do you fancy I have not seen and measured. this boasted patience of yours, Phyllis? That in Belgium, England, France, your ceaseless inqui ries escaped me? Do you fancy I did not know you were draining every secret source of discovery?' 'You knew it?' she shot out, amaz edly. 'It would have been transparent to a child.' 'Very well,' said Phyllis, with a look of desperation. 'I confess It! And I Wii. find him yet Henceforward I play my -game openly.^ Cast me back into poverty, if you will; I await the word. Speak it and I will go1! But remember this, though you may place a continent between us, my heai't, calling out to his heart, will be heard!' Phyllis had spoken these words in a, low voice, but -one of great inien. fiiijf, She a»d her guardian had withdrawn a little from the moving or seated groups, that had begun to fill the salon. Sudd^ly 'Ph^Hs Heard a voice --not far away f ram her — a voice that she ^p^ed^ni^ed, 4n4 with .3, real thrill of: inembrlal pleasui?©. :'?;'?''? V;-: -:-.(T1o'.t3fe'«ontiniieci.) ,' .:-.'- . ?„ - 