WEDNESDAY, AUG. 14. The Court resumed this morning; when the taking of the evidence for the defence was - continued. Defendant Erickson save similar evidence. Francis Herbert Backhouse, mining engineer, stated, that he report ed favourably on the mine to H.J. Sannders and Co., but he did not recognise plaintiff a* the agent for the sale of the property. Ryan informed him, however, that plaintiff had nothing to do with the sale of the mine. That was after the examination of the mine, and before the terms were discussed. ) Counsel did not address the jury, and His Honor summoned up. The ques tion he left to the jury was, Was there authority direct or implied on the part of the defendants to Dick to act as their agent ? If so plaintiff -was entitled to a reasonable reward, although Eis Honor would not say that he was en- ?, titled to 5 per cent. What reward be should get was a question for the jury to decide. The ' jury after a half an hour's deliberation returned a verdict for the defendants. The practical joker familiarly termed 'the ghost' has not yet been captured (reports the Melbourne Argus). He has been reported from almost every suburb aad a few nights ago he had a narrow escape in Coliingwood. Several score of people gave him chase, but hesucceeded in getting away. Had he been caught lie would doubtless have been prevailed upon to cease his stupid conduct. His methods are similar to thjse of the ?? ghosts ' and ' Spring-heel Jacks ' oi past years. He wears an overcoat oi ulster, and when in conveniently dark places throws the coat or ulster open, displaying to the gaze of women oi children a phosphorus-painted coffin on his breast, with the words written across it ' Prepare to meet thy doom.' Several children have been been frcightened out of their wite by the sum, and he has become such a nuisance that the police are anxious to lay l»nndg upon him. The last one of the ' ghosts' who was run to earth was a medical student. A revolver shot fired by a horseman whom -lie had tried to terrify finished his career. It did him no bodily harm, bat it scared him so badily that he gave up ploying . joket. A lad named Sydney Errington was arrested at South Yarra onTuesday night charged with insulting behavior He was masquerading in a peculiar costume, which gave the impression ai the time that he was the ' ghost ' Thb was found to be a false impression, and his little display in a Tarn o* Shanter hat, spectacles, and a false beard was his first essay in the foolish business. We understand that an action has been commenced against Mr. John Neil, stockbroker, of Perth, by Mr, M. J. Keane, of Fremantle, one of . the com mittee of the Fremantle Stock Exchange, for recovery of damages jfor alleged slander. The action has been taken in consequence of certain remarks made by Mr. Neil which arc alleged to reflect upon Mr. Keane's character. The ; daznas*e8 are set down ai: 4-ftrfvvV 