NOTES TOM PARLIAMENT. By this time the Ministry are ready to acknowledge they made a mistake in mot opening the session early in March. It is true that the Tariff Board’s report was not ready then, and that to revise the tariff with out the report would be absnrd. Still, something wonid have been achieved by the early session. For instance, the time from March to June could have been nicely occu pied by those members who are so crazy on the fiscal question that they are never.happy Unless they are bearing themselves speak npon it. Likely enough they would have had the Chamber to themselves white de livering their orations, but that would make no difference. The most touching trait of Parliament is the chilklike innocence of members. The House may have but a bare quorum, and that quorum may be ostentatiously uninterested, and yet the speaker goes oh as if every word dropping from him is full of fateful meaning. The special points are even emphasised with “.bated breath," with the only result that, perhaps,- some sleepy- member looks np at the toning down of the voice with something of reproach at being brought back to con sciousness. There is really nothing more touching than the make believe of a member who makes a wearisome speech in whioh-no due is interested. What a safety valve.a March session would have been for all such 1 ' Probably while a protectionist would oall Mr Trenwith’s long oration a masterly speech,- a free trader would say. the same for Mr Irvine. The'effect of both upon the House is expressed by the Chief Secretary, who says, “I wish we could look them both np.in a lobby for a fortnight.". This would not be a bad idea, but the March session all to themselves would have been a better. Everyone will remember the tragic incident of the Jackdaw of Rlieims. The cnrse and the cause was a good one, but yet “Nobody seemed a penny the worse." It was just the same with the two terribly long speeches' of the week. The speeches were happy and triumphant, but who oared | The fact-is that the first lesson a successful member'Has .to learn is never to speak unless he is likely to influence a'-vote, and never to speak long unless the subject carries its'own interest all the way through. 'Professor Pearson used to steadily. talk his own bills 1 out, of the House, and'Mr Isaacs once did the. same thing, and was so alarmed at the result that be has never made a long speech since. There' are many men in this Parliament wh'o have to learn this lesson. In Mr Trenwith’s case,- h'owe'ver; there was method in the' madness. Mr M'Lean is 1 credited with saying. •"‘Sou know, I was a bit puzzled with Mr Vale when we first took op the retrenchment business. . Some wit nesses would keep him very wide awake, and others' would send him 'sound asleep, nit soon came out, though, that those who sent him to sleep were' those whom he was sure would give him his own'watf,-and, - therefore, there' was no need for him to bother about them." There is a good deal of sense.in that. Now Mr Trenwith is not getting, or likely to get, his own way, and there fore there 'is gteat need for him' to be np and doing. No'w that Sir Graham Berry is in the lavender of the Speaker’s’ chair the mantle of the leader of the. Pro tectionists falls naturally upon the shoulders of the member f<r Richmond. Indeed, it oontd fall on no other shoulders. ' If the tariff debate is anything it is a direct challenge to the policy of Protection, as interpreted by Sir Graham Berry and Mr Trenwith. Probably there is no other mem ber in the Bouse, who would be prepared to bless protection in all its phases outside the party which Mr Trenwith leads. There fore it was meet that the' defence should come from' him; but' that being done what need was there for the elaborate reply of.the member for Lowao. When the House 'is anxious' to go to vote, and to vpte in a down ward direction, what is to be gained by fighting all the old ghosts' which have hanged themselves, if ghosts Can 1 hang, by taking too much rope. .There was one little incident of the' duel between Mr Trenwith and Mr lrvine which marked the difference between the old pro tectionist leader and the new. The strongest characteristic of Sir Graham' Berry was his invariable good temp-r. No' matter how sharp the attack from the other side he never interjected or : objected. The reason was more than a naturally even temper. It is always dangerous to interject. A clever speaker ca'u always pot a restive opponent in a difficulty. The chief success of Mr Irvine was in drawing admissions from Mr Tron with, and then triumphantly pointing the moral. This went on somewhat disas trously for protection, till Sir Graham Berry, sitting looking on, beckoned to his successor, and then there was a few moments of: quiet,' cautionary confer ence, Not a hand was raised, not even an elevation of the eyebrows, but, after that, the interjections ceased,- and the member for. Lowan was lost for a while, though he did not know why. - Just where, then, does the Hones stand in relation to the tariff? Just where the chairman of the Tariff Board stands. Prac tically Mr Tucker's speech was that the Tariff Board went ns faf ns they thought the cnnntry would follow them, and if their proposals are accepted, they are prepared to go much farther. That is> practical politics; and few people understand what can ana what cannnt be done better than Mr Tucker. This, again, canse.s regrets for that nnborn March session. If all these speeches could have been made before tho report was sent in how it would have helped the board to have struck hard at the rings ? The most significant part of the debate is the fact that the two members for PHzroy are for mode rate duties, and against monopolies alto gether. Of course both prefaced their speeches with n confession of faith in protec tion, Just so far, however, ns a faith lias to have a preface each as that, so far is there always an intention to attack it,' "And saying I nil) ne'er, consent consented.'' How is it, though, that nnoh a constituency as Fitzrny is' in revolt ? Perhaps it is because Fitzrny .was always earnest in its faith, and just so far as it b'oped, and- worked for a' millennium, so far is it disappointed. When Eadwine, the Saxnn.king, called his wise men together to consider the matter of making Northumbria Christian, C°ifi, the priest, said—“ None of yonr folk, Eadwine,’ have worshipped the gods more busily than I; yet there ace many iqore favored,, and. more fortunate. Were these gods good for anything they wonld hjilp their worshippers;” and, says the old chronicle, “ leaping npon horseback he hurled a spear into the sacred temple at Godmanham.” Is old Coifi the priest's ex perience that of Filzrny and such like wor shippers? One of the surest signs' of the coming change is the necessity members feel nnder of speaking to their electorates. The speech of more than one member was tn his elec torate rather than to the House. Mr Duggan for one was honest, and avowed that it was necessary for him to say why h» ivolated his pledge to vote for a 25 per cent, maximum; but Mr Lazarus felt free enough- to carry his elec torate with him all the way. This Bendigo incident is going to be responsible for a great deal. Mr Hamilton has so,far .fallen from grace as to bring npon himse.lf the condemna tion of Mr Trenwith, and Mr Lazirns"flies' a flag that a few years .ago would have lost him his seat. All of which goes to show that the monopolists have been a little ton. oochenre of late years, and have been' too insolently regardless of public interests. Meanwhile, while all this is going on,' the Treasury beech sits silent and disdainful. If a clear line could .be drawn as to what subject it is not wise for an average member to speak upon, it would be that in which it is! not worth a Minister’s taking part in. There was jnst the danger of the drift of talk becoming an great as to clog all pro gress; bat Mr Turner’s announcement that the debate will have to end next Thursday, will meet that. For all the educating effect of the debate it will be a great relief when the division betl rings. 