!»||yan. Borough Cpuiitiil, j j v|| Xqi ESDAY, Avainiv20f 1 1 — ho Mayor (AldoiBWii fiiimlj «PU '.Alderman Bonttjv CMtlo, Downoy, Knox, Harris, mid W. PikoT \- Tlio Tiii'TKaT businoss'Tiavrii ' liooiiHdis pusoduf, Throo letlors woro road, rospsclivolyj from tlio Glblio Munlciiiality, tlio Municipal Associiition, and tho National Association; of agitating for tho introduction into Par liament of a Local Governmont moasuro, and tho taking of stops by potition, and othor moans, for obviating taxation of land in incorporatod areas. This corres pondence was rocoivod, nnd a resolution ailoptod wns directing tho consid.ration of tlio proposals to Sstmid in nboyanco till noxt mooting of the Counoil. A comuiunicMtioii wiis also road ovor tho signaturo of E. Rolfo, complaining of the nuisalhce created :by, tho straying about tho StrOOtS and tho footpaths by night and by day of " a iinlf-slarvod chestnut horso" I o longing, tho'writor nllogod, "to J. J- Wright a ghost of Douglas Wright of Millthorpo." Alderman Realty, Downoy, C'nntlo, nnd Hnrris concurred that there wns somo mis take about this ultogaiion. Tho only horso owiiod by Mr. Wright was not n chestnut but u bay borso known as " spcctuclos," nnct this animal was uoithor half-starved nor givon to straying. Aldormnn AV. Pike, seconded by Aldor- miiji KnOx, moved! that tho matter umloy complaint bo loforrod to tho inspector of nuisuncos, tho mover observing thnt it was inWrnitoriul wlio iho owner was. Aldurm'nn Iloatty would Bupport the mo tion, if it was mado to apply to strayiug uniinnld generally.: As for this partioulnr chostnut horso, tho nnimnl of that color owned by Sir. Wright died long ago, und it coiild lib nothing Iosb than its ghost which foi': somo mysterious reason was haunting Mr. Rolfo. As 'for othor straying stock, wbnncd calves iii particular, Aldormnn Bontty said thoy wero an intolorablo nuis ance, thoir owners boing unscrupulous ohongh to turn thorn adrift on tbo streets to iniiko raids into qnclused yards, gardens, and buildings to forngo and Bteal whatever thby could dovonv ; in thoir starving condi tion. Thoro wore: tho commons, und thoso people ougliji to register thoir stock und turn thorn on thotoqUimon. -.. ;Alde$ii£tio thought tlio resolution should covor nil straying stock. Tho motion, enlargod to oinbrnco tho sug gestions of tho previous spoitko.s, was put nnd carried. Tho Fiuunco Report, us movod by Aldor- man Harris (sscondcd by Aldonnan W. Pjlf.P/j.£bgwii;gn_crodit balancq pf L-lo SJi to tho General Fund, niid LG4 177- to tlio Lighting Fund, wns ailoptod. ; Tho maiutuinnnco olHcor, it was re; O;tod, lias '< boon engaged sinco last meeting jih oloaiiing -out tho wator-tablos in Crawford/ stioot, and was, to ciintinuo this work - from Rutledgc-slreot to Antill-streot. ri ; ' A' discussion followed on tho subject' of removing tho surplus onrth from tho drain oxenvution in Antill-stroct, : iind jtho,' re sponsibility of- sooiug to thii ruattor wns loft to tho. -Works Comniittoo nnd tbo mnin- tananco ofllcor. ' ' Exioncixa faymext ot- sates, i Aldormnn llama's motion, of which nc- tico had boon civon at a rrov.ious_ incoting. aim on foi<c<aisi|lorutian.' --! | "Aldcaiiiun Ifnriia movoA tfiaf in view Of tho lurgo arrears of rates owing to tho boinicil. a- collector bo' appointed at a coni- lniaaion of II! per cent; IIo oxplaincd that lio hnd"intorviowcd tho council's solicitor, (Mr. A. II. Gnrmway) who wns willing to imdcrtako tho collection on theso tonus without frirther charge to the' council. .'IIo nluvod also that Mr! Gurraway'lo appoin- tod, his appointment to havo c-IToet till tho onil ot tho municipal year (5th February i|oxtj). ( AldeiTniinW.iPiko seconded. . Alderman Rsatty was opposed to tlio mo- tlpn. IIo fnilctl to seo why-u layvyqrsfipulii bo authorisod to worry tho ratepayers whon thoy.kncw..that:thoy wouldisoohbr! or'lnter havo to come to tho council chnmhers and pay direct. Alderman Downey favoured tho giving of the discount ilii oct to tho raiopayors when tlioy caino to pay. In nnswor to a roinark from Aldbnnnti Piko thut this was snitjtq Ins illiignl,' Aldonnau Downoy said.apywny tho council had nlroady-,crcatod a precedent, by uccopting'J ,12 fiora;a ratopnyor who owed L'I8, and givon him a full rocoipt. , Aldoripqn Roqtty, protested ngninst the motion. In tho faco of what Aldormnn Downoy had roforrod to, ho did not soo why tho ratopayors gonorally should not got tho 2/- in tho L, rathor than Mr. Gnrrqwayi ' Aldonnan AV.'Piko Inipod tho resolution was not intended to apply indiscriininatoly to all ratopayors hirnrrenrs. r Ajdormari Ijlhrrjs-j-lj go i for, all. -. My resolution is that a list of all in ama's siui ugust 1, bo handed ovor to tho c'ounz oil's solicitor. ' 1 Aldoniaan'Beatty.-vI- ata on'o .of thbso in iiripara. and I givo, notice that if tho coun cil's solicitor comes or scrds to ino ho'Jl got a roujjh'timb bf it: I ilaro say ovory aldor-i 'ttinn is in arrears. \- Alderman Cantlo— I am not. Alderman Boaty — Then you nro tho only Aldonnan Downoy thmiglit it wns n moral certainty that mora thnu halt of the riito payors wolpld pay up Wore noxt .i.x- tion in order to qualify fa v-itiii,, m, : j- -was'absimi, iit tho ' p'rosnnt state v," t>- council's fan ia, tj proposo to siyc-iisr--' oat of pvci'y L. — '£hoj;>.".f.'ou.was thqn put. . for .'J-l-.-r- infjn II-ulA Cuiitl.c, AV, Piks, and Kuo.y. Against— Aldstirltfri'y'-oVnoy and'Boatty- -. . y Ahloruiaii Harris (srccndcit by AMerninn .Downoy) ilu-n ri.iyed.tha appr-h.-imoiit of .Miv-Gsniuyuy ay. collootor. . , ' zAblcriaaii i'iko movod that tho (.'oupoit Gloi'kbn collector, hut found no seconder. ' | Tho,mntioii:wuB ciirricd; ' Aldonnan Harris tlibn carried Hiiotlicr » rosoltition ,that tbp. collsfhur, ,ho furnished with a list of all porsons ihRafrbara twith .ratoa.'"';'/ "'I ' "5! if"' H-,: Alderman Downoy— His"'work will bo completed beforo naminfttion-dny. : Tho Mayor— Ail tlio bettor-tor. (thu Coun cil. .. . ' Aldormnn Downoy — Yes; and it will boa vory good thing tor: tho Council. . Aldormnn fore my nnmo.oa tbo, list,, tor I don't, intend 'to pay imy more rates. .. A disoussion follonrod -ns -to the dnto on which the list should, bo torwr.rded, and it was 'ultimately agreed that a iaonth'sgraoo shbtild bo given.. . , . Aldeimnn'Hqwnoy and, Bontty trio t„ forco tho measnro into presont o'lieratimi but Aldonnan Hbrris's cohsoutoo n moiiLe ' g00: was pdhoyod to; . Ahlprmaty Hwrfa observing that it mado but little diffotonoo for ho was persuaded that many of the a epayers novor mount to par if- thov could holpit. ; P 5 »;?<>) Aldormnn Kuox, as a" tnombbr/'iif tho Lighting Conimittoo reported oh.th'b disre pair and breakage of sundry lamps. It wns resolved to loavo-themattor in tho hands of tho Lighting" Cominittoo. Tho Council t.hon -'ddjournod. AVe nro in voqoipt of a ynluahlo pamphlid from tho Lnntis'llepartinbht' giving part;,.- ulara of nil Innds'withia tho C'noina Land Bonrd-opon to- soloctibn. .Tho mmnliho will bo ,n;oio firllnocod later on; - The" foliowing. tenders havo hoen ac cepted Hoskingtown Public School, ini- proTomouts, G; G!' Payno, £26 17s; Eroc- tion of a Pulilib. School at Bywong, Arthur Allan,' £81 17s' 6d. . ; sliepherii's Coinio Opera Coinpnny nro billed to play at Quounboyan on noxt AVodnesday, mud : Thuraduy nights. On Tnosday night thoy play nt Bungondbro, and on Friday ut Captain's Flat. 'A merttxg is ndvortisod to tnko ptngo 'at Poqloy's Ilotoboh Tilosdny liiclit ilixt to re-organisei tho Queaiibovaii Crickbt»Cliib. A good nttondanco is'rcquostod. The Royal , Cqmn|issimi on (Eg)rio3 tirrivoat Bmjgcniioro tptnini-rnw to inqiiiro intb tho' rosbVirccs of Lako Gonrgo ''JSf an inland fishorv;;: Thoy will probhblys- nomo (mlbQu'eqhMyiuLj. ' . . , >v '.'/mIxixcl — a :. gbntlonian 'frrtn .V-dpay is in trc-ntv with tho yurious uunera ul .By- wong for thu' pnrposo'.-bf pnrchmang I! -. stono. IIo has inndaexaoltoiitulTcir-, wlii.-1 wb hoar thoy will iiccb)>t. " Ho will hi. J';:, tiio stono sent . to Sydnoy, vhurt -iio - hiic ohlbrinotiqii ;woi;ks.; - : ' AVohi'.Yixo- SHEEt.— Tt'is just lis wall to callnttoiitiun to tho fact.thftt, owing.to.tbo i:i jlirj" dons'to their " flqcks niul .hsres dogs nnd othorwiso, in c'onnoc!iun'"vrith"iin- " authorisod havodrivos and wallaby. 'hunting on cortoin private . lands, ownors. ajm.jpro- reoting ' hohsolvcsvby laying iipiton. /Mr. J. M. Mcintosh is amongst' tho Sufforoi s vosortingto this oxpodiont; nhd i-othorsfaro tollowiiig his cxainplo. ; Local Ixdustby-t— AVolmvo boon shown a boautifnlly built buggy, tho ..work of Messrs. MoPhorson and Hannatoid. Tho buggy, although light,', has n modol'of all uu'doi'i a ringo and is equal to,' if not bettor thnii, any wo have soon turnod : opt olso- wllOJ'O. " : Tub wlmlj' weather wo hnvo boon having ot luto hu» ut Inst nbatoJ. .. Thoro was h huuvy front thin morning which soctus to bo likolj to bo followod by raiiu 