Q.T.C. Spring Meeting. November 9, 11, and 10. 1 Thursday Morning'* Gallops. The course proper waa thrown open, and all the fast work" was done here. Splendide, who only went three parts' pace, worked on the inside, and was followed by Barman, who did inmflnr work. Dalnair ran a mile in 1 min. 52} sees., and Noud'a other Derby candidate, Montana, ran the Derby coarse in 2 mins. 50 sees. Soldan and Avenue did good work, the latter nmning his last mile in 1 min. 57 sees. Goldenspray. sprinted at the end of her work, and was' followed by Babel, who negotiated the once round in 1 min. 48} sees. Humbert did useful work, finishing fast, and Warwick eclipsed all his previous track'performances by running a mile in I 48} Bees. Little Amy, Advance, and Telverton did useful work, and Irish Stew smothered Calendar over a mile in 1 min. 52 sees. Kathleen ran a mile in 1 min. 55 sees., and Memory, who will run well in the Brisbane Handicap, pot 6 furlongs behind in 1 min. 21} sees.* The Bang and Bedmark finished their work bv racing home a quarter of a mile, and Newbofd was content to go by himself at three quarter pace. Clythe lost Bemns over a mile, registering 1 min. 51 sees., the first half of which was done in 55 sees., and the 6 furlongs in 1 min. 23 seconds. France and Iked started together for a mile ran, and were picked up between the 7 and 6 furlong posts by Lady Marion. The quarter-mile post was passed in 1 min. 20 sees., and the full mile in 1 min. 47} sees., France being all out. Fred was beaten several lengths. Strombo went at & good pace, and the two hurdle horses, Norman and Mignonette, went good working gallops. The Scamp was pulling over Philomel in an even time gallop, and My Spec gave up the ghost shortly after starting in a 5-furlong burst with Wildfire. Tornado ran a mile and a-half by himself in 2 mins. 48 seo, the first mile taking 1 min. 52 sees. This for a bad worker must be accounted a good gallop. Capriste ran the la«t 4 of 5 furlongs in 53 sees. Sir Hugh, with his shoes off, beat Quick March with them on over 5 furlongs, and Lady Lynne ran 5 furlongs in 1 min. 10 sees. Mr. M'Gill'a two youngsters, North Australian and G&lway;, ran 5 furlongs in 1 nun. 7 sees., North Australian cutting it, and finishing on the extreme edge of the course. SALB OF PSIVZLEQXS. Mr. G. T. Bell reports the sale of the rights and privileges of the main gates at the Queens land Turf Club spring meeting, Eagle Farm, on November 9, 11, and 16, to Mr. C. May buiy for £130. 