' TIIE PLENARY COUNCIL. INAUGURAL CEREMONY. With all the splendour, sfcateliness, and magnificence of which the Roman Catholic Church in Australia is capable, the second Plenary Council was inaugurated at St. Mary's yesterday. The council had virtu ally been constituted the previous day at St. Patrick's College, Manly, but this was the first opportunity the public had had of judging what its composition really was. In harmony with the occasion, the sanc tuary had been decorated with flowers, but lest the architectural features of the high altar should be hidden only a trifling levy was made upon the gardens. The most conspicuous feature of the decorations was afforded by two groups of Christmas lilies that had been placed on each side of the sanctuary. Palms rose above each of these groups, and similiar foliage had been intertwined in the upper portions of the high altar, and the general effect was . most pleasing. Nor had attention been bestowed merely upon the spectacular, but other senses than that of sight were gratified. This arose iroin the musical service, which consisted of Guonod's " St. Cecelia Messe Solennelle." And that this might be performed in a manner befit- ing the occasion, Mr. Weigand, at the special request of the Cardinal, undertook to preside at the organ. There was a con siderable augmentation of the choir, and the services were secured of 20 instrumen talists, the rule being acted upon of limiting the orchestra to string and wood wind instruments. Of the orchestra Mr. W. J. Rice was the leader, and of the choir Mr. Delaney was the conductor. The congregation in the Cathedral was unusu ally large, so that Mr. E. O'Farrell and those co-operating with him had to be on the alert lest any pew should be occupied by one less than the complement it was designed to seat. And after all the seats had been taken up the people continued to stream into the building, and soon all the aisles (excepting the central one), and all the spaces in the back portion of the edifice, were occupied. The sermon com menced with a procession, in which were embraced the Cardinal, the Archbishops " from other colonies, Bishops from various provinces, and other dignitaries of the Church. Carried in the procession were three crosses, one being the cross of the regular clergy of the diocese, the second the processional cross of the Church, and the third the cross belonging to the Cardinal. Dr. Moran's crozier was also in evi dence. All the bishops were vested with mitres, and all the other insignia attaching to their respective offices, and as the robes were marked by great variety, not only in colour but also in ornamenta tion, the pageant was most picturesque. Altogether there were some 21 bishops taking part in the ceremonial. As the procession entered the Cathedral the choii, orchestra, and organ performed the an them of welcome, "Ecce Sacerdos Magnus," the three departments of music combining to invest the composition with a befiting degree of stateliness. And from this point the service was proceeded with with solemnity and dignity which were quite in harmony with the occasion. The soloists were Mrs. Tierney, Miss Devitt, Mr. J. J. Hinchy, Mr. D. Clancy, and Mr. Dinnis. The choir, which numbered 120 voices, included Miss Ada Colley. Of the mass the celebrant was Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale.) The deacon and subdeacon were the Revs. P. J. "Walsh and William Heyden (both of the Cathedral). The Yery Rev. D. Verlin officiated as assistant priest. The responsibilities of master of ceremonies devolved upon the Yery Rev. Dr. O'Haran, his colleagues being the Very Rev. Vincent P. Dwyer and the Very Rev. H. M'Dermott. The deacons at the throne were the Very Rev. Dean Beechiror and the Very Rev. P. Lo Ren- netel. The assistant priest at the throne was the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien. Amongst the more represensative of the laity present were the Hon. Sir Patrick Jennings, M.L.C., K.C.S.G., K.C.P., the Hon. Thomas Dalton, M.L.C., the Hon. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., the Hon. E. Greville, M.L.C., the Hon. John Hughes, M.L.C., K.S.G., the Hon. Daniel O'Connor, M.L.C., Sir W. P. Manning, Dr. Donovan, K.C.S.G., Mr. T. M. Slattery, K.C.S.G., Dr. MDonagh, Mr. Carroll, M.L.A., Mr. Michael Hughes, Mr. William. Hughes, and Mr. J. L. Mullins. The sermGn was preached by- Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor Bishop of Goulbourn. Dr. Gallagher said that for the second time inside ten years the Episcopate of Australia were assembled in Plenary Council in that mother church of the met ropolitan city of the southern world. At the desire of their illustrious Pontiff, under the presidency of the Cardinal Archbishop, Apostolic Delegate, they had come together to draw up those decrees, and to devise those means which after mature delibera tion their united wisdom and experience, assisted by the Holy Ghost, deemed most suited for the true progress of their great country, the preservation and diffusion of faith, 'the improvement of morals, the interests of religion, the greater glory of God, and the salvation of immortal souls. The aim of the august assemblies of the Church in every age and in every Christian hind had ever been to maintain revealed truth, to condemn heresy, to uphold uni formity and sanctity of discipline, ' to relieve the poor, to battle for the oppressed, to advance the cause of science and know ledge, to elevate mankind. After touching upon various lands of councils, Dr. Gallag her said that when all the archbishops and bishops of a country or nation, or people bound together by "sameness of language, of customs, institutions, and laws, met under a delegate specially appointed by the Holy See, having in view to transmit sound doctrine, to keep intact and pure in their dioceses the deposit of faith, to in crease the honour of Divine worship, to fortify the order and discipline of the clergy, to promote and strengthen every where by a happy progress holiness of morals, mutual charity, virtue, religion and piety, they had a Plenary or National Synod. Such was the assembly in whose first public session they were privileged to take part that day. The history of those councils was the history of the Christian faith, of the triumph of religious liberty over despotism, of truth, over error, of catholic civilisation over the corruptions of pagan, and over the barbarism and brute force of the mediaeval world. That morn ing they had seen their Holy Mother in something of her external splendour coming forth as the " King's daughters in golden vesture surrounded with variety." They had heard the rustling of her varie gated garments as her prelates passed in gorgeous procession. They had heard the glorious music that almost shook those massive walls, and wafted to the throne of God the profession of faith of the young Church of Australia. Bishops venerable for their years, their learning, their piety their great good works so nobly done, from the Derwent on the South to Carpen taria on the North, from our Indian to our Pacific shore, were there not merely to contribute their matured experience, but themselves of different schools of thought and nations and tongues to illustrate the unity in variety of their holy faith. Aiding them with advice .were theologians skilled in sacred science and conversant through much practice with its bearing on all the burning questions of the Age. And priests bronzed with the heat and bent with the labours of the day, whom their fellow- workers had chosen to represent them in that great ecclesiastical senate of the southern world. Hardly an order in the church that was not with them that day. After alluding to the characteristics of some of the orders represented that day, he said: "Here too is St. Paul of the Cross, to whom our Holy Father looks with affectionate regard as one of the chief instruments in that which all good men have so much at heart — the reunion under one head and one shepherd of the Anglo- Saxon world." And all, whether of _ recent institution or tracing back their origin of the twilight of Christian history, men of the age, striving to correct its mistakes, but cheered by its lippes, marching in the very van of its progress, blessing its ach ievements of science, and its victories over the forces of nature— their feelings in touch with its noblest resolves, and their hearts in thorough sympathy with its loftiest asperations. No fossils they, no mummies taken from an Egyptian museum, no ghosts of a vanished past brooding gloomily by the doors of sepulchres, which shall never be opened ; but aglow with all the healthful vigour of young life, with breasts heaving and panting for the fray, counting their host and well acquainted with the tactics of the enemy, yearning to enter the list in every form of glorious but pacific struggle — as did their predecessors of every age — tor truth, tor virtue, tor religion and for God. Their bishops met together to promote those varied objects which were connected with the spiritual interests and more extended influence and usefulness of the Church. The special object of this second Plenary Council was to consolidate the work so Avell begun in the first council of 1885, to secure the more complete execution of its decrees, to pro mote uniformity and holiness of discipline by bringing local variations (if such existed) back to the standard of general usage, to improve and extend their system of parochial schools, to confirm the faith and increase the fervour by quickening the zeal of their people, to infuse fresh sap and life into every branch and fibre of the heavenly vine which their great prede cessors planted in the generous soil of their beloved country. At the conclusion of the service the " Hallelujah Chorus " was performed, and the procession of archbishops, bishops, and other dignitaries re-formed and returned via the western door of the cathedral and College- street to the presbytery, tho un- . usual spectacle attracting many spectators ' to the spot. | 