F-ICTIO N. The Haunted Mill House. A NARRATION OF FACTS UNAIDED BY FICTION. [BY FEDDRALLIEF.] CHAPTER I. Some people do nat believe in ghosts, I do. Not that I have ever seen one, unless an actual yet mysterious visit from a living person who was at the same moment of time at a distance of 16,000 miles can be classed as ghost seeing. At some future time I may have some'hing to say about this wonderful case of transmigration, but as it does not bear upon the present incident it need not be further referred to now. It is not necessary to actually see a spirit to prove the existence of disembodied visitants, because the ghost whose visits I am about to narrate, as far as I can learn, was never seen by any of the tenants of the haunted house in question, although it was most positively heard on numerous occasions. Had it been vieib.e, its actions, being so methodi cal, would have led to a prompt investiga tion, and the discovery of a terrible domestic tragedy at a much earlier date than it was. The case might have fallen into other hands less merciful, to be followed by exp3sure and unrelenting justice. The actual discovery of the whole dieadful business was due to an outburst of youthful bravado--a challenge which the writer was too proud to retract, and which was immediately accepted in dupli cate. I could not go back from it without bringing upon myself the derisions of a score of young people present who had been listening to thrilling recitals and blood curdling ghost tales. Mo:t sincerely did I wi h the challenge had not escaped me, since the acceptance of it involved withdrawal from a very cheerful and pleasant company-a walk of ten miles out and home, and a midnight watch for a ghost in a lonely house on a country common. The challenge came about in this way : The party, consisting all of young people, fairly divided in numbers as to sex, had arrived the previous day for an alfresco indcor picnic, that is, cnventionalities were to be dropped for the nonce, and each and all were to enjoy themselves bow, when, and where they pleased; ceremony was to be banished, and unlimited fun and frolic was innocently and thoroughly indulged in. Through the summer previous we had had a series of outdoor picnics and water partied, and the delightful autumn weather had been abruptly broken up by the setting in of early winter, and the present jollification was held as a grand wind-up of the season, a real picnic indoors. If I remember correctly not one of our number had seen more than two-and twenty summers, while the majority were yet in their later teens. My brother and mys-lf were keeping a batchelor home, the indoor arrangements being presided over by our two sisters of eighteen and twenty years respectively, and it has often been a subject of wonder in maturer years that the parents of so many young people per mitted their youths and maidens to accept an open invite for two days and Eights without insisting on proper or rati 6o pro prietary supervision; not that ch.sqegO1 were really needed, since our party co5l sisted of old schoolmates and longstanding friends, and their chivalrous bearing through the summer season was sufficient guarantee for propriety. The fun of the previous day had been well sustained into " the wee sma' hours," and in no instance had developed into anything but enjoyable exuberance. The evening of the second day found us inclined to quieter pastimes, recitations, round games, music, and story telling alternated in the place of dancing and charades of the previous day and evening. It was known to several of the party that we four brothers and sisters enjoyed the envied notoriety of having lived in a haunted house, and a unanimous wish was expressed for a narration of some of the particulars. I complied, and during the relation that drawing-room scene was just a picture. An artist would have made him sele a name could he have put it on canvas as I saw it then. Imagine a large room, well furnished, lighted only by the flitting flame of the fire as it cheerfully burned in the low register-grate. The gasalier was turned off to suit the occasion and intensify the expected ghost, creeps. The young people had settled themselves promiscuously on cushions, eettees, the hearthrug, and even the floor. The ifurniture was prettily dis arranged to provide a better space for the group, while I stood at the outer edge of it, telling my tale and rivetting their at:entiou, filling their heads with facts productive of feas and alarms which were ref.icted in the countenances of my eager listeners. I concluded by saying-" The whole of what I have been telling you is true; there stands the ?house :now, emp'y, aend there scmeshere hidden away is the cause cf the ghost'd uneasiness, evidently having visited us in vain to cause an in terest to be taken in its case, and I am will ing at this moment, if any of you will ac ccmpany me, to start off and watch for it, tracking the sound of its steps, and dig in the cellars if necessary, till I find out more than I at present know of the mystery. Scarcely had the words left my lips than two young fellows velunteered to accompany me, and although there was sufficient inducement in the present happy time to suggest and justify an aijournment till a more conve nient season, yet for my word's sake I would not back down, but began to make immediate preparations for our midnight adventnre to and in the haunted hnuse. While we three young men may be sup pesed to be wending our way on our five mil?es' journey I will relate the citcum staunces which supplied the material rele gated to our interested and spell-bound guests, and which, if our midnight dis coverieshadbeenadded,mighthavwresulted in some serious mental disarrangement among the younger and more sensitive of the gentler sex. Could we three have for seen the end of our ghost seeking probably we would not have undertaken it, but when the foolish venture where angels fear to tresad it ofttimes happens they get more than they bargain for, and so it befellus on this never to be forgotten cecasion. 