NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. I have received an interesting ciroufer with regard to a Dew work on Spiritualism, which should be a uaefal and elevating publication. The author says:—"Ia the course of this work I make an kqairy ID regard to the true origin of that CarUtlanity which has lorded it over the earth for nearly sixteen centuries, and I clearly show that this is not an evolution f rom the teachings of the gentle Prophet of G ililee, the purest of Israelites and best of all tue sons of men, but that it is founded almost entirely upon the doctrines of the arrogant sell-styled Apostle of the Gentiles, Saul oi Taieus—a renegade Hellenistic Jew. The true followers oi ihe Nuztrene have at all times suffered persecution at the hands of this usurping power, equally with the Jews themselves. Bat, the Heavens be praised ! it's time is almost over, and the time of the ' Regeneration,' or ' Restitution of all things,' as spoken of by all the prophets, is fast approaching." Ic is a little unfortunate that the notice of this "regeneration," to be acc mplkhed presumably by mediums of the type which produced " CUsie" and " Gaordie," should have reached ma jast as that medium-persecutor, Mr, Hosklng, announced * his * arrival in Albury. * The glorious ideaof "mateahip"so eloquently dilated upon a few years ago in Albury by Mr. Line, the founder of the " New Australia" movement, don't seem to work well In practice. The development of the principle in Paraguay appears to be having the cff.ct oi reducing most of those who adopted it to a state oi nature if not to 8 state of semi-starvation. And things are not much better on the South Australian S iclalistlc Ssttlement on the Murray. There has beeu a parliamentary inquiry into the state of the settlers, and a recent report states : " Qaarrels and discussions have been frequent, and fights have been of daily occurrence. Pagilistic settlers boast that 'they were beyond the reach of ihe law. Tbe chairman of the Holder Ssttlement said that fighting was quite the order of the day at tbe morning roll call, and two lovely bltck eyes have become a distinguishing m»ik of this colony, the motto being • Each for all and all Cor each.' Tne week before the select committee arrived the chairman of Holder Colony wMMBM^^y co-trustee, but as the against him he con- " formation. . In another its had his leg broken. ^ hat the women should s- end thai'they Bhouldnot Ia.tee Kingston Colony the select comtCiHee found one woman cutting fodder for communal cows, while men were having their morning smoke, and on asking the reason were told that perhaps «she was up early for the good of her health. 1 " Probably after a few more futile attempts to run counter to human nature, people will begio to accept as truth, the fact established by experimeots made over a century ago, that the thing wont wotk. Communism, wherever essayed voluntarily, has been an ignominious failure. Wherever established by the force of an autocratic government, it has had the cfLct of reducing the people to a level little over that of the savage. * * * Mark Twain has dumped into the pitfall awaiting most of our distinguished visitors. He pronounces upon Australia before he knows anything about it. He says he can't write a poem with the local color because Australian names of animals and things won't rhyme with any words. He remarks :— " I began on one, on the—poem. I hive not got tbe list complete yet. I have got down a lot. I have got emu, kangaroo, j»ckass, or laughing j ick'ass, and the bell bird, and so on, I have a lot of those, and then I have a lot also of the extinct ones—the wonderful extinct ones like the dodo, the boomerang, and the great moa, and the larrikin. I can say now the most difficult thing in the world to do is to write poetry when you don't know how. You see it is the rhymes th»t mike ths trouble, for if you get the sense right, why then there is no word that will rhyme with it. If your rhymes rhyme, then there is no sense in it. Land of Ihcornlthorhynchas. That a a Dretty one—it is rhythmical and grace, ful. If I had a child I wonld name it after it. Land of the ornithorhynchus, Land of the kangaroo, Old ties of heredity link us. But the thing wou'd not work out. The humorist said :—' And there you are. You see I am right against a dead wall. You can see there is nothing in the wcrli that will rhyme with ormthorhynchuB. Kangaroo? Nothing rhymes with kangaroo. Of course, you can slyly let it off without rhyme, but it would fail I gave that up. I'il let it out by contract. I thought I would offer a prize for it—chromos or something like that. I started another way Land Of tbe fur-tailed rabbit, > Land of the boomerang. There Is the same thing. You can't find a rhyme for rabbit and another for boomerang. Boomerang don't rhyme wish anything but boomerang.'" Now this is all nothing but so much evidence of the fact that Mark is a now-chum. If be would only take a billet as all-round reporter for 15 years or so on a country paper he could write a whole book of poems, and find a rhyme for the Dame of every species of tbe Australian fauna. To say that there is any difficulty in the discovery of rhymes to the names quoted Is eimply monstrous. As an example, what's the matter with this :— Softies as yon may think ns You shall our anger rue Bard of tbe oraithorhynchuB! Bard of the kangaroo ! Whence and why, is the habit Where did fie rumonr hang, Bard of the fur tailed rnbbit, Bard of the boametang ? Of course it is'nt qiite easy to make sens* out of this poem, but BB far as my experience goes, the fact rather adds to the value of the verses. * * # I yield to no one in the admiration of talent, and am quite prepared to admit the cleverness of Mr. Hosklng in hla exposure of so-called spiritual manifestations, and tbe really wonderful manner in which he performs upon the mouth organ. What struck me, however, as the smartest item in connection. with hia recent visit was the adroitness with which le captured several local clergymen, to give tone to an entertainment which, after all, was for the most part no more than a good " variety " show. That the performance was excellent of its kind, and in its way unobjectionable, I admit. All the same for that I question very much whether one at least of the churches represented would have given a kind of semiofficial patronage to an entertainment had it been fully understood beforehand that the programme Included " Ally S!opsr" funniment and 11 M'Cabe" impersonations. Yet, when one reasons tbe matter out logically, there Is no reason on earth why clergymen or anyone else should be debarred from ei j tying innocent amusement when the rcctslon cffjrs. Perhaps, indeed, if the clergy attended more frequently the fact would have the effect of raising the general style of the entertainments LIPPON DAIRN. NEW INSOLVENT.—John Joseph Puddephat, of Wodonga, laborer. Filed at Chlltern. VACCINATION. — Dr. Andrews announces that the vaccination season closes to- morrow. VOLUNTARY SEQUESTRATION.—Henry Wise, of Morangarell, near Temora, farmer. COMMISSIONER FOB AFFIDAVITS.—Mr. F. W. Edmondson, banister and solicitor, Wodonga, bas been appointed a commissioner for taking affidavits in New South Wales. UNIVERSITY LAW EXAMINATION. — An examination of law students in connection with the Sydney University takes place on Tuesday next at the Wesleyan schoolroom. WEDDING — Oa Tuesday last Miss Ida Alpen, daughter of Mr. H. Alpen, formerly of Albury, was married at St. Mary's Oithedral, Sydney, to Mr. George Crisp, of Janaa Buaa Station, Snowy River. LO?&R; WOOL SALES.—The first wool sale of the season takes place to-day, and the large catalogues secured by the Albury agenta afford sufficient guarantee of a large attendance ot buyers and good competition. . ROMAN CATHOLIC MISSION.—During the past week a series of 'mission services have been conducted by the Passionist fathers at St, Patrick's Church. The attendance, morning and evening, has been very large. LECTURE. — Mr. R. Roberts, author of "Christendom Astray," will delivera.lecture on Sunday, evening at the Federal Theatre* The subject of the address will be "Our troubled age in the light of prophecy." No charge will be made for admission, and there will be no collection. THE BISHOP OF GOULBUBN.—'The Right Rev. Dr. Chalmers will reach Albury to-day. On Sunday he will preach, morning and evening, at St. Matthew's, and in the mornlDgwill bold a confirmation service. On Monday evening his lordship will open the picture gallery at St. Matthew's cchool ball. ROBBING A LABDEB —The kitchen of the Globe Hotel waB eutered on Saturday night and denuded of a choice collction of good things. The money value of the stolen pro* perty, however, represented only a small pro* portion of tbe annoyance caused to the landlady, who had relief upou the contents.of the larder ior the entertainment of some visitors expected by the late train. PROMOTION.—The friends of Mr. Morrison, who for some years occupied a position in the "Albury post cffi.se, will be interes'ed to learn that since his retirement from the service ha has been fortunate. Oa leaving Albury he went to Lindon, and on 25 ii September was married to a lady named Howard, who we are Informed ei j iys an income of £500 per annum. Members of the Civil Service can hardly do better than follow this excellent example. PRINCE OF WALES BIRTHDAY.—In connection with this event, which, falling oa a Saturday,practically meansa two days holiday, the Riilway Commissioners announce the Issue, commencing on Monday next, )f holiday excursion tickets from all stations to all stations not less than 15 miles apart. The issue of these tickets will be continued until tbe following Saturday, and they will be available for return by ordinary tralo until November 18. ALLEGED LABCENT AS A BAILEE.—A man named George R ckards, alias Richer, was charged at the police court on Friday with the larceny es a bailee of a buggy and pair of cream joiies and harness, the property of William Fletcher, of the Burra Hotel, Koorloga, South Australia. Accused, who was remanded for eight days, admits having jossesBion of the propertv, but says he handed i t to a man named Godfrey with instructions to return tbem to the owner. Accused was arrested at Yerong Creek from a description supplied in the Victorian Police Gazelle. Oa Wednesday the prieoner was again before the csurt, and was remanded to Adelaide. ACCIDENT ATSFBINGDALE —Atarough-andreadv race meeting at Springdale (Ba1hacg«) ou Saturday, a mare named Mignonette, who competed in one of the events, ran off the coarse. The rider, a lad named Retallick, w&q; thrown against a tree, being stunned, atd it .waafor eome time feared that he was dangerously iDjared. .Fortunately, however, he came round after some .time, and Is now progrerslng eatlsfaotorlly. On tbe same dav, a young man named Kelly, who resides at East Wodonga, was thrown violently from the top of a load of wood to the ground, being rendered unconscious by the fall. He ultimately revived, however, and is now little the worse for his mUbap. BUBGLABT IS OlivK-STBBKT.—A burglary on a small scale took place on the night of the S4th nit. at the drapery atore of Mr. J. Brann, in Olive-street. The shop was closed up as usual on Thursday evening, and as no one resides' on the premises the fact that' anything bad gone wrong was not discovered until Friday morning at 8 o'clock, when the shopman arrived to open the place for business. He then found that the front door was unfastened. An examination ahowed that the front door had been forced open with a lever of some kind, and that the stock had been interfered with, Bome articles of clothing and boots havlog been removed. The till drawer had been pulled out, but as no money is ever left on the premises the thieves obtained no cash. THE BTINKWOBT PEST.—Mr. W. Schllg, of Burrumbuttocfc, last week received the appended letter from Mr. Lyne, M.L.A. :— " Dear Sir,—I have only thla day received a reply (enclosed) from the Mines Department with regard to my representations on the euhjsct of the weed pest' stink wort.' You will observe that the matter is reported to be under consideration, but the department points oat the difficulty of dealing with the weed. No doubt the necessity, as mentioned, of palling it up immediately is well known to you. You may be sure that I 6hall do all I can in thie matter, as I fully recognise its Importance — Yours truly, WILLIAM JOHN LYNE." The letter enclosed a communication from the Department of Agriculture intimating that the subject had not been lost sight of, A USEFUL MAOHIJIM.—GurOalcalro correspondent writes :—" A machine invented by Mr. Hopgood is likely to come into favor, especially in this district, as a preventative to bnsh fires. It is designed to cut a track 8ft. wide to prevent fires from spreading, and judging by trials made It should effect thin admirably. It is formed in the shape ol a V, with knives or cutters of Bessemer steel lOlt. long, and placed at an angle of 60 decrees. It can be gauged to cut from half an inch to 3iu. or 4in. deep, and leaves a track as smooth as a table. All grass, &e;, Is thrown to either Bide. Boots are cat through as with a knife. In fact it may be described as a huge plane. With 12 or 14 bullocks about eight miles can be accomplished in a day. The price Is not crest. As the groand at present is very hard and dry, the teste it is subject to are all that could be desired." ASSAULT CASK —A man named George "Williams was charged at the police court on Wednesday with assault. Senior-constable Tucker deposed : I went to the George Hotel yesterday ; I met the prisoner in front with Constable Mackintosh ; I asked a man named Joseph Draglas if the prisoner was the man who had assaulted him; heealdyes; Douglas was bleeding from a cut on the head and from the mouth; he gave priaoner in charge. Joseph Douglas deposed : I am a laborer; yesterday afternoon I saw the accused at the George Hotel; he said," What are you looking at ?'' and he then hit me on the mouth ; before I recovered I got another wound on the back of the neck. To prisoner: Yon hit me on the face. This was the casefor the prosecution. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and was fined £1 br a week's Imprisonment The same prisoner was charged with using obscene language. The offence was proved by Constable Mackintosh. The prisoner was fined ! £1, with the alternative of a week's Imprisonment. TOBACCO LICE&SES;—OI Tuesday last a number of . persons were fined at tbe local ;olice court for selling tobacco without a ficense. As a fact the defendants bad omitted to renew their licenses, and so had become liable to prosecution. There it every reason to believe that in some of the cases st all events, tbe negWct to'pay the St. was the result of an oversight rather than of «ny wilful purpose of defrauding the revenue. These licenses date bom the time of Issiie, and so expire at irregular periods. The holden therefore have eome excuse for their negligence. The excuse cannot of course be pleaded in justification of the nefclfect. People are supposed to know the law, and if they do not obey it they must put up with the consequences. In view, however, of the inconvenience and expense to which a number of people are annually suVj-cted by want of thought, it would auiely be better to effect an alteration in the present system. It would perhaps be too much to expect that each licenaee should receive notice a week before the expiration of his license, but the difficulty would be overcome quite as effectually if the licenses were all made to expire simultaneously on a given date, as in the case of publicans' licenses and <"°g registration. If this were done, the newspipers might be relied upon to give timely warning of the date of renewal, and defaulters then would have no shadow of excuse for noncompliance with the law. ESTATE OP J. W. THWAITES —A question of insolvency law came before Judge Molesworth in the Insolvency Court, Melbourne, on 25h nit on a reference to tbe court by the Obicf Llerk. Oa the 12 h nit. a meeting of creditors ftS held before the Chief gierk at Wodonga Th t k?™ ?, of James Walter j n t h : ? 6 1 M t , t e 1 1 * * trading as t Z ' £" " Oo., t o stock m w l and staflon H*. T There f t i t e were only two proofs of debt £21,357 «i Sr and the other l h e B by Aouralasla lor a n Messrs. k o f Emerson and ITS/? I^wnt'a solicitor £ j cted to the latter 3 , 1 8 on 1 the ground that it was informal, and the Chief Clerk then referred rr « ! ' K on the matter to Jadge l q Gaunt. t t e t , 0 n Shortly b e a r , n afterwards an application was mde to the Chief Clerk In Inso!- wncy, Mr. M'Lsod, on behalf of the Bink of Australasia, to hsvethe proceedings transferred to Melbourne. On behalf of tbe Insolvent, however, it was contended by Mr. Daffy that an adj lurned meeting could not be held, Inasmuch as one of tbe proofs of debt presented at the general meeting was informal, and that , I i? ^e meeting was closed. r n This 9 6 contention o f t h e c o a r was t upheld by the Chief Clerk, but at the request of Mr. Dickson, who represented the bank, he consented to refer the question to the court. Judge Molesworth, after hearing lengthy arguments, decided that the Chief Clerk was right; that under the rules the meeting closed, and the assignee became the trustee of the estate. Mr. Irvine appeared on behalf of the Bank of Australasia, and Mr. Duffy for the insolvent. ALBUBT POLIOB COUHT—At the police court on Tuesday, Alexander Jackson waB summoned for selling tobacco without having first registered his premises and obtained a license. Defendant pleaded gulUy, but stated that he had only obtained a supply of tobacco on the day before the sale. Henrv 0. Cannon pleaded guilty, as also did H. Voss, James Soden, R. Hatch, and P. Sigg. A fine of 40s. with costs of court was imposed in e&eh; case. A similar charge was preferred against Stephen Carkeek, wbo pleaded not guilty. Mr. J. Wilkinson appeared for tbe defence. Francis Gibbp, excise officer, deposed to havlDg visited defendant's hotel on 23rd September and to having bought two cigars ; defendant's father supplied the cigars; defendant was not present ; witoess would not swear positively that it was defendant's father who sold the cigars, but he believed It was. William Carkeek, lather of defendant, deposed : I am the father of defendant; I never sold Mr. Gibbs any cigars; Mr. Gibbs came to the house and asked to see the tobacco license ; I told bim I was not the licensee ; there were no cigars in the house to my knowledge; It was on tbe 26 .h September that Mr. Gibbs came ; I took out tbe lionise ou 27th September; I never sold cigars to Mr. Gibbs at any time. The case was dismissed. A. Kierath was also charged with a similar offence. Defendant did not appear. Tbe cffence waa proved by the excise cfficer, and as defendant had -been previously fioed on a like charge, a fine of £3 was imposed with costs of court. The police magistrate directed that in default of immediate payment the fines should be recovered by levyand distress. A DISPDIB ABODT BUGGT WHEELS —At the police court on Tuesday the case of'C. Cenley v. S. J. Ringwood came on for bearing. The defendant in this case had undertaken to do up a buggy for plaintiff at show time, and plaintiff ascertained that the wheels had been exchanged for another set, not as good as bis own. Dsfendant had not been aware of tbe exchange, but admitted that in the push of business at show time such a mistake might have occurred, and he was now willing for the Banoh to make an order fixing the value of the wheel?. Mr. J. Wilkinson appeared for plaintiff, Mr. F. Tietyena for defendant Daniel Abbott, coach painter, deposed that the wheels when new were worth jfill; they had not bad much wotk, and were now worth fully £9 i at the present time the same pet of wheels could be bought new for about £9. William Haslem deposed to having examined the buggy when it went into Mr. Ringwood'e possession; the wheels seemed as good as new, and were worth new from /II to £12; tbe nresent value would be £9 or £10. S J. Ringwood, defendant, deposed that the wheels had been painted in his shop ; the work had been done as a gift to plaintiff; the wheels when new were worth four years ago £12; since then the buggy had been neglected, though it had not done much work, and tbe wheela were not now worth more than £1 or £8 ; as soon as witness found that his workman bad a doubt as to whether plaintiff's own wheels had been put ou his buggy, witness offered to make plaintiff a new set of wheels. After eome further evidence had been taken an order by consent was made for £7 10?., with 2R costs and costs of court. CONCBBT AT WODONGA.—The concert given in the ablre hall on Tuesday evening by St. Matthew's choir, Albury, in aid of St. Luke's Church, Wodonga, was an Indifferent success. There waa only a moderate attendance, and the programme submitted, with the exceptloc of three or four number*, waB somewhat disappointing, and some of the Items seemed to have been hurriedly prepared. The policy adapted of excluding local talent is open to question. Of late, the entertainments prepared under the supervision ol St. Luke's Church committee have been of such excellence that a deterioration is reluctantly noted. However, the best thanks of the committee and audietce are due to the performers for their generous services, and, but for the hasty preparation alluded to, there is every reason to believe that the concart would have compared favorably in merit with previous ones. Mr. A. A. WUtahire efficiently preside. The following is tbe programme rendered :-Pianoforte solo, Miss FaUerton ; part four, choir; song, A message from the King," Mr. Vines; song, 4 "Look back" (encored), Miss Cass; vocal duet. "Sweet wild rose," Mesdames Downs and V.pan ; song, " Kerry Dance " (encored). Miss Harber; quartette, Sweet and low," Missel Mathews and Harber 41 and Messrs. Kingemlll and Pardy ; song, " Across the far »lue hills," Mrs. Dovns; song, " Imperfecta," Rsv. J. H. Cna«eling ; song, " The dear old home aoDge," Mrs. Vipan ; recitation, "Asleep at the switch," Mr. Bruce; song, "Big Ben," (encweri), Mr. W. Hanna ; SOD?, " Q leen of my heart," Mr. R Kmgemill; Sing, "Oat on the deep," Mr. Pardy; part song, «• Silver moonlight," choir. Miss FaUerton and Mr. A. Fletcher were the accompanists. A number of articles manufactured by tbe local Girls' Friendly Society were sold br auction by Mr. J. G Shields, and realised Satisfactory prices. THE EFFECT OF A LAND TAX.—Mr. R. T. Ball, M.P. for Albury, holds (iays a Sydney 1 urnal) the somewhat remarkable doctrine that "the effect of a land tax would be to make the land more accessible and cheaper to those who intended to work it, whilst the amount of the tax would hear heavily on none who used the land." This is one of the commonly accepted fallacies put forward by land value taxers.' It assumes firstly that all present holders of land are not users, and that if It could only be possible to get them eff the land—to tax them r ff, in fact —a new set of people would at once take it up and make use of it. Secondly, It lays dowo tbe axiom that the tax would not fall heavily on users of the land—presumably in contradlstir c- tion to those who hold it. Now, will Mr. Ball, or those who agree with him, state which constitute the great bulk of the land values available for taxation—thoBe within or without municipal areas 1 Tbe only reply of course can be that the town lands comprise the moBt Valuable. How then could any benefit accrue to those who would uee the land—that is, cultivate It—by turning out present owners. Tbe whole area under municipal government Is but a fraction of the colony, and if all tbe buildings in existence were pulled down and the land put uuder crop, it would produce an Infinitesimal return. Certainly but few people could put town lands to greater use than they are at present. Then as to country lands, supposing Mr. Bill's assumption to be correct that the present holders of land do not use it, where are the people to come from who will do so 1 Does he wish us to infer that the great mass of people in the towns are only waiting for an opening to rush in and settle on the land ? If so, will he show how people with no experience and no money are to make a living, where those with experience and money cannot;. and in any case how they ore to escape the ptyment of the tax 1 MB. HOSKINQ'S ENTERTAINMENT.—There was a fairly good bouse at the Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening on tbe occasion of an entertainment given by Mr. E. Hosklng. The programme opened with a pianoforte solo extremely well played by Mr. Williamson, who afterwards gave a clever exhibit ion of what may be termed " trlckplaying," in which he performed upon the instrument in a number of odd ways. In one Instance he played with his right hand tied down, and striking the treble notes with his nose. He then performed with his bands tied together, and his back to the piano. Mr. Hocking then performed In an exceedingly clever fashion upon the harmonioon, or moath organ, from which he managed to secure some really wonderful effects. A duet with Mr. Williamson, tbe latter playing on a tin whistle, was also veiy effective. Some clever ventrilcquism followed, after which Mr. Hosklng gave some character sketches in the style of M'Cabe ; and Mr. Williamson played several melodies on glasses, and on bottles partly filled with wafer. A shorf interval followed and Mr. Hosklng then proceeded to give an exposure of tbe no-called pirltualistlc phenomena, which eome time ago attracted much Interest in Sydney. A committee was appointed from tbe audience, including Rav. Mr. Perclval, Rev. Mr. Chaseling, Mr. Chapman, and Mr. T. K. Brown, who supervised the preparations and saw that the test conditions were strictly complied with. In the presence of a member of the committee Mr. Hosklng divested himself of his ordinary apparel, and attired himself In a kind of bathing suit. A rope was tied tightly round his neck, and the ends carried through a hole in the cabinet to tbe hands of two members of the committee. He was then put into a bag, and pkced in tbe cabinet, the front of which was immediately closed. A few minutes afterwards the lights were turned low, and the ghosts of " G<-ordie " and "C.fisie," one after another, pranced about the stage ia proper spiritualistic fashion. When the audience had been favored with a reasonable amount of these highly interesting psychological phenomena, the lights were again turned up, the cabinet opened, and Mr. Hosklng was discovered securely tied up in the bag, with his neck still tigh:ly encircled by a rope the two ends of which had all the time been firmly held by members of tbe CDmnlittee, who stated that the test conditions had beer rigidly adhered to throughout. The performance was undoubtedly a clever oue, and affords the strongest argument against the genuineness of the alleged spiritual manifes tatlons by which so many people have been misled. The inference indeed Is obvious, that if a number of sceptics anxious to find out the trick were quite unable at close quarters to detect tbe method in which the illusion wapcrformsd, an equal number of bolievers in spiritualism, predisposed to accept the resul as of supernatural origin, would be still mo e easily deceived. 