ODDS AND EXDS. It is now possible to manufacture transparent leather. There ate 14,500 miles of rabbit-proof fencing in Australia. Lady Randolph Churchill ha3 a ring cut out of a siDgle large diamond. In Sweden a man who is seen drunk four times is deprived of his electoral vote. A little religion mai:e3 a man a char!, but a great deal teaches him to know himself and be £entlemau. Table etiquette requires that every:.i.:ng :::at may be separated with the fork shall not be out by the knife. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and picto rially represent them as pale-faced women with hair lunging over their eyes. Australia is the only country in the world to which ruminating animals are not indigen ous, and yet cattle and sheep of various breeds thrive [here amazingly. The council of the British Association have nominated Sir Joseph Liater as President for the annual meeting which will beheld at Liver pool in 1S9G. A woman named Grazia Esposito has just died at Naples at the age of 105 years. She had no fewer than thirty-five sons, of whom twenty eight are still living. People in Japan are called by "the family name first, the individual, or what we call Christian name next, and then the honorific— thus :' Smith Peter ijr.' To remove a rusty screw, apply a red-hot iron to the head for a short time, the screw driver being used immediately afterwards while the screw is still hot. Paris pet dogs are being dyedsoas to harmonize with the color of the lady owners' boudoirs. They are dressed in tailor-made clothes. The fashionable coloring for a small white poodle is two shades of violet. Fuller's earth and cold water made into a paste and placed over spots on wall- paper will remove the spots ; if not fit. the first application, at the second or third. Rub the Fuller's earth lightly, being careful not to rub the paper underneath. Under the Belgian law unmarried men over twenty-five have one vote, married men and widowers with families have two votes, and priests and other persons of position and edu cation have three vote3. Savere penalties are imposed upon those who fail to vote. M. Henry Rothschild, son of the Barones3 Jame3 de Rothschild, who is to marry Miss Mathilde Weisweiller, notwithstanding his large fortune, is ;• hard- working medical stu dent, and has the laudable ambition to practice gratis, when he is fully qualified, among the poor of Paris. Ic is well kDown that oatmeal and bran have a most softening influence upon the skin, and if there is roughness it should be used in prefer ence to soap, especially where thero is any ten dency to skin disease. Soap irritates, whilst oatmeal and bran have a healing effect, and also help to allay the intense itching. It is not uncommon for mothers in China to turn their girl babies over to a hucksters, who hawk them about the streets in a basket, sell ing them" for about the price of a spring chicken. Mothers of infant sons buy these girl babies, and rear them as future daughters in-law. So, at least, a Philadelphia paper asy3. Smoking is so common in Japan that all men and most ladies smoke, the girls beginning when they are about 10 years of age. The ladies have pines with longer stem? than the men, and if one of them wishes to show a gentleman a special mark of favor, she lights ner pipe, takes a whiff, hands it to him, and lets him smoke. Work, every hour, paid or unpaid; see only that thou workest. and thou canst not escape thy reward. Whether thy work be fine or coarse, planting co^n or writing epics, so only that it be honest work in thine own approba tion, it shall earn a reward to the senses as well as to the thought. The reward of a thing well done is to have done it, More than 30,000 British soldiers serving in India are total abstainers; and it fs found that, taking these into account, and comparing their record with that of those who indulge, to a greater or less extent, in the nse of liquor, the abstainers are the model men in the service. The records of the hospitals show that the liability of the total abstainers to sickness is only one-half as great as the liability of the alcohol consumers. One of the commonest synonyms for ' cash payment' is the expression 'paying down on the nail,'which is Irish in origin. In the centre of Limerick Exchange is a pillar with a circular plate of copper about 3 feet in diameter, called the nail. On this metal desk the earnest of all Stock Exchange bargains has to be paid. In Bristol four pillars called 'nails' stood in front of the Exchange, and were used for a similar purpose. Dr. Norman Kerr says that he found a gla=3 of spirits will make one man violent, another drowsy, a third merry, a fourth melancholy, v.-htle u. fii!.;) man v.iii cry hurd. He had known a landed proprietor who never had family piayur in his house v.ben he re turned homa from a drinking bout; and then, no matter the hour of the morning—be it one, three, four, or five—he awakened the whole household and insisted on their coming down stairs for prayer. Mas O'Rell. in the Xo~rth American JZeviar, Bays :—' We French are a peculiar people. We carry our aoap, and have as much objection to use a stray piece as to H3a a stray tooth brush.' ' There is.' he continues, ' more low, repulsive, unheard-of vice in a square block of Chicago or San Francisco, than in a square mile of Paris, There, is more artistic feeling and refinement in a street of French working men than in many avenuo3 inhabited by Ameri can millionaires.' A characteristic story of the late Dr. Dale has been recalled. Soon after he became , colleague to John Angel Jame3, he denounced the docirine of total human depravity through original sin—which was stronsly held" bv Mr. James—and later the doctrine of eternal punishment. The congregation was alarmed, remonstrances were made, and Mr. James was appealed to, but he manfully and loyally de fended his colleague. ' He is a youig man he paid, ' but the root of the matter is in him; wait and you will see.' In referring to the incident at a Iatte>- period, Mr, Dale wrote :—' Affection and reverence for my friend-and predecessor prompt me to say that when he is described as believinc in the eternity of punishment and plenty of it a wrong impression is given of the kindliness of his nature. Ho believed an ap palline doctrine but he had a most tender heart.' President Faure (unlike M. Ca3imir-Perier, who rose between 9 and 10 A._m) is a very early rber. He is ready for his cold tub every morning at five o'clock, and having dressed quickly and without assistance, he noes at once to his study and works for two hours before his secretaries arrive. The President, is a most abstemious man, «ho takes a class of claret at dinner, and only a glass of ohampagoe if he has to drink a toast. After breakfast he goes for a walk in the Elysee Park, accompanied by his wife and daughter. During this walk he smoke3 half a cigar, and often talks to the gardeners, as he is greatly interes ted in their profession. Unless he is obliged to be present at an official dinner or reception, President Faure spends the evening at home, listening to (he performances of his daughter Lucie, who i° an excellent pianist. He retires for the night at eleven. A Wo:<-DERFcr. Clock.—One of the most wonderful clocks in the vrorid is being ex hibited in Sfc Petersburg. It was originally manufactured for the lace Bake Charles of Brunswick, who bequeathed it to the Swiss Confederation. There are 110 fewer than j ninety-five faces to this colossal iimepeace. It indicates simultaneously the time of day at thirty different spots of the earth's sur face, besides the movement of the earth around the sun, the phases of the moon, the signs of the zodiac, the passage over the meridian of more than fifty stars of the northern hemisphere, and the dato according to the Gregorian, Greek, Mussulman, and Hebrew calendars. So complicated are the works that ifc took two years to put them together after the clock h?.d been sent in detached pieces from Switzerland to Russia. The Great Leveller.—The death of the greatest man makes no nioro permanent im pression upon the world than the falling of a atone upon the placid surface of a pond. There is a momentary commotion, and then a speedy return to the former conditions. It is true that the works of some good and great men may live after them, and remain influen tial for a long time, but the man himself disappears at once, and in an incredibly short spaco of time is forgotten even by his friends. They may respect his memory when it is re called, and may have lo3t none of their appreciation of his virtues, but they are so busy with new affairs, theirtims is so occupied by new friends, that they seldom think of him. Recreation and Moral Ihpkovejient.— Many are injured morally and spiritually through an excessive fondness for company and pleasure. A cortain amount of diversion is both right and proper, but it should be well chosen, wisely timed, and moderately in dulged in. Recreation must have a beneficial purpose, having regard to the invigoration of the body, tlio relief of the mind, and the good of the soul. When then, we find our enjoyments interfering with our physical, mental, or moral improvement, timely notice is given to us that we. must- either moderate them or relinquish, them altogether. He is wise who observes this rule, both as respects 1 the kind o-.'nd degree of his amusements. 