NEWS AND NOTES. Tenders aro required by tho Euroa Shire Council, returnable on Monday, tlie 7th instant, for the following works:—Repairs to Arcadia station lane, Kurramomus. and Arcadia; completion of contract near Lawry's Karramomus ; works near Eastwood's, Gooram; .repairs to bridge at Burns^Longwood.--- .--.-- r.r-: The iiBudl quarterly meeting ,of the United Methodist Free Church was held at Baddaginnie on Wednesday last, there being about 30 persons ' present, This being the meeting to invito the minister for tlie next year, a hearty invitation Was aocorrted to tlie Bev. It. Wbitford to remain for another year. The rev. gentleman thanked those present for their kindness, and said be would have been glad to accept the invitation, but circumstances would not permit liiui to do so, { 1 By an advertisement which appears in another colnmn it will ho seen. that Dr. Wilmott is about to leave the district, and will on tbe 16th of the present month offor. all his household furniture and effects for safe. Read the li6t of articles. The second round of matches -in. connection with the North-eastern Criokot Association will commence on tb'e 2nd iFebm - nry, when Violet Town will must' the Bc- 1 BBlJa railway teapo at Beuftlla.« Tour yonng ladies, residents of Violet Town, met with a rathtr awkward experience out near (lie weir, in New Year's day. They bad been upendinf a few hours there and were returning hours when they espied a large iguana on a ltg. Thinking they would lii've some fun by seeing the reptile run away they throw some sticks at it. But imagine tlirir horror when they saw tho "beast" coning towards them. All their courage flrid and they tan, tho iguana following. Tie run was for about a quarter of a mile, and the ladies were dead bent. Two of tlem collided with the result that all were biouglit to Hie ground. Tlio sight of the gereral downfall caused the reptile to halt. Upon observing tbiBj one of tbe fair damsals, who hails from a little town a few miles from Melbourne, plucked up courage and went forward to meet (heir antagonist, carrying a large stick in her hand. Lifting this aloft, she closed her eyes to shut out tlie sight of seeing tho " poor thing'" in its death throes, and brought it down with all her strength. On opening liar eyes again she was surprised to see the replile quietly making its way up the side of ii neighboring tree. The party then made their way home, and when round tho fire-side in the evening they related iheir experiences of the day they imagined they saw u ghost of tho reptile iu every corner of the room. < ! Mr. Isaac Wallaci'fion'b^JIr. I. Wallace proprietor of tho local liuttor factory, had a narrow escape from a serious accident in Violet Town on New Years' Day. He was riding up Cowslip-street when bis horse took fright at some boxes which had been placed in tho street the night before and became unmanageable, at last throwing Mr. Wallace in the middle of tho street. Messrs. Watts, Turnbiill and Co. will hold their usual monthly sale of stock at Violet Town to duy, when they will yard some first-class lines of cattle and sheep. The young Colonial invariably goes in for a " high old time" on New Years' Evei delighting iu ull the mischief that he cun possibly accomplish, and never thinking of the damage he is causing. Any person viewing the streets of Violet Town on New Years' morning would have thought that the place had been visited, during the night, by a hurricane. Nearly the whole of the vehicles standiig at (he shop of Messrs.- Riddeil Bros, were shifted to different parts of tho township. A springcart stood in front of the shop of Messrs. J. and T. Grocan, and the hearse was capsized in front of Underwood's hotel. Window shutli^rs were to he scon iu all directions—everywhere but in their right place. Some were stacked in the middle o£ tlio street, others were on verandahs, while a few were broken. In front ot the local bank was tlio sign "C. T. Paget, hairdresser and tobliacionis!." Beyond causing a little inconvcniencc, there is not much wrong in (his and the whole affair could bo looked upon as u joke, hail it not been for acts of wanton damage. During the nigh 1 some persons l;icked in a panel of the door at the shop of Mr. IjJj'imcr aud afterwurds broke the lock. l'SHhe information of tlmlM who did this thofcwner of tiiej: to b m tbo £ht state that if l quostiso wished bniJuse bnukl: ______ put i^p witii a ]oi;cpHHTn itft'ord to have theif- property dcrftroj^^por amusement. A door at Mr. M'SliaWs hotel was also broken. At Mr. Grogan's shop a number o£ boxes were removed, the same being plucod in a spring-curt in the street. Stonethrowing was also freely indulged in, but luckily no damage was done thereby. Taken as a whole, tbe work done in Violet Town on New Year's eve was most discreditable to all those who took part therein. On Wednesday last we were shown a beautiful gold brooch, tlie property of Mrs. E. Grogan of Violet Town, Tho gold which is in its rough slute—just as it was taken from tbe earth—was obtained by Mr. E. Grogan from the Coolgardie fields in-Western Australia. It is composed of three nuggets, weighs about an ounce, and is a splendid sample of the precious metal of which we have heard to much of late. We have been Bhown by Inspector Mornement a sample of tho cartridges to be used in this district to exterminate -rabbits. As soon as he can fix dates, Mr. Mornement intends to try tbe cartridges in arious parts of his district with a view to seeing how they will act. If tho trials are successful there is no doubt but tbat a number of them will be purchased for nse here at once. Mr. Latimer, of Violet Town, left here on Wednesday evening tafor Tarnogulla. During tlie past few months some rich gold finds have taken place and llie district hss been "rushed." Many years ago Mr. Latimer was digging at this place and abandoned a reef from which be was obtaining good yields, and went to other diggings. The object of his visit now is to see if-this old reef is being worked If not he intends to start operations immediately. Owing, to good nursing tmd Dr., Tulbill'B^ skilful treatment Mra. G. K. Davidson,of, Violet Town, who has been lying in a critical condition for tho past week is now out of danger and on a fair way to re covery." A correspondent writes:-^-" The Viols' Town fishiog party may -not have been successful in securing a good haul, but a Melbourne gentleman proved a more successful angler and secured ja prize before leaving, which lie will soon jioiue to claim. It has been 'Ever-hard' to catch her, out fair ' Lulu', but.be has manned it" Mpssrs. J. H. Tongue and.f'Co. will hold . n special horse sale in Euroa On the J 1st -instant. v [.,. : Mr. .Too. -Bain, the porter who was mixed •up in the railway accident Baddaginnie some months ago, and who .^as dismissed, •biltaftervrards reinstated and^ent to Yarravillo, met with apainfnl accident on Friday while shunting a goods traini' It appears that his foot was jammed ins between tbe signal rods and the sinews fgot twisted. Tho injury is likely to be permanent, Mr. W. Lane's racehorse—Quickmarch— ran in Melbourne lust week, but failed to secure a place. We would call attention toan advertisement in another column in which Mr. Usher nuununces that he has opened a tailoring businoKs in Violet Town. A6 a result of the political activity recently displayed by the varions liberal associations throughout the colony there has been a large increase in tho number of persons who took out olectors' rights between the 1st. June and the 1st. December of last year. When the general roll, that is thoso who purchase electors' rights, was made up in 1892, there was a largo decrease in the "number of persons enrolled, a circumstance due to the political torpidity of the masses at that particular time, and as the roll then made up was used at the last generul election many thousands of persons who had for years past voted on electors' rights were disfranchised owing to their neglect. As at least 95 per cent of theiu are liberals, the liberal associations deter- to make a strenuous effort to get the disfranchised voters to take out now electoral rights, and also to induco those who had reached 21 years of age to exercise their privilege as citizens. For the Sliopparton and Euroa electorate 224 rights were taken out, being an in ci-oagupf.G^onlastlist. InBenalta and Yurnwonga 'thcfl^wibljH of 1 Vighta' taken out was 818, agJJp.777 for 1893, Mrs. Cunningham notifies in another column that she has opened a coffee palace iu Violet Town. Tho place is a credit to tlio town. It is not quite completed yet, however, but the proprietress hopes to have everything in first-class order in the course of about another week. A convention of Yorkshire farmers was hold in England last week for the purpose of considering tbe best means of alleviating the effects of the protracted agricultural depression. During the proceedings the Marquis of Londonderry urged tbat tbe commission now sitting should give serious attention to the alarming increase in the importation of Australian bonus fed butter. Owing to the rapid growth of the Australian butter trade with England, the last remnant of tho dairying trade left to tho British farmer was being taken from biin, and it was imperative that steps should be taken to protect tho home farmers against this compotition. Tbe Right lion. J. Lowther (Conservative), M. P. for the Thanet division of Kent, also insisted on tbe need for effective measures being taken to afford relief to the British farmer. It was, he said, unjust to tax home produco whilst freely admitting importations of produco from other cuuutries. On several occassions recently where in- solvents have endeavored to escape ft am the country the arm of the law has been paralysed when the authorises sought to prevent them owing to a technical difficulty. A warrant for tbe arrest of an absconding insolvent when issued, hitherto, was required to bear the signature of tlie chief clerk in insolvency of lhe» district where the insolvent had filed his Ichedule. This was iifitwsvn u'vt;iiiii>b!e dt sluKt notice, To obviaio it,.v. trouble oiij_ this score iu future-Ui .soerefcrv 'IjLtiltQfl^JdJMles ot Mr,;si'J.;!... : ; t;i)ief Clerk fit Insolvency in the Melbourne district, to.bo alio a chief clerk for the wholejcolony.' It will thus be legal for him to sign and issue warrants for the detention of insolvents from any part of Victoria whenever the necessity arises. A terrible disasler occurred on Christmas night at a ball given in a large hall a Silver Lake, Oregon, United States. One of the lamps by which the ball was illuminated exploded, and the blazing kerosene ignited the floor of tho ball room. The dancers, panic stricken, rushed madly for the exit door, which was completely blocked by the mass of frantically struggling human beings. Many women, as well as some men, fell in. the crush and were trampled to death. Sixteen persons leaped from the windows of the hall, an upper room into the street beneath, and five of them sustained injuries from which they have since died. Fioin the ball room itself 41 corpses wore recovered. A ball was hold in the local Mechanics' Institute, on Tuosday night last, in aid of the funds of the White Family, who have suffered severo bereavement of lato in losing two children. The night was beautifully fine and there was a large attendance, about 40 couples being present. All had a thorough night's enjoyment and it is expected that about £5 will be handed over to the distressed family as a result of tho ball. Mr. T. Clark acted as M.C., performing his duties in a highly satisfactory manner; and the music Wa6 supplied by Mr. Harris, of Baddaginnie. A number of cases of petty theft have taken place in Violet Town during tbe paBt few weeks. The latest occurred on Friday last wh'.'n a chair was stolon from the'f ront of Mrs. Cunningham's coffee palace in Cowslip street. The value of the article was about Cs. It is a pity that the person who is doing this work cannot be/cuught and inado an exauijile o£. ' : . . A meeting of land-holders is to be held at Boho to-day to take steps to form a rabbit association. Nonstable Mornement .will be present to give any information re- -quired.. 