THE TRAGEDY OF ' CATHERON ROYALS. [By the author op 'Paulina Lisle,' « Katherine's Vengeance,' &c.;] CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) He catches hold of his wife's writing-table to wheel it near. By some clumsiness his liw foot catches irt one of its spidery claws, aud with a crash it topples over. Away goes the writing-case, flying open and scattering the contents far and wide. The crash shocks baby's nerves, baby begins to cry, and the new made mamma flies to her angel s side. 'Isay! Sir victor cries. jjook nere; Awkward' thing for me to do— eh, Ethel? Writing-case broken, too. Never mind, I'll pick 'em up.' He goes down on his knees boyishly, and begins gathering them np. Letters, envelopes, wax, seals, peris, and pencils. He flings all in ?a heap in the broken case. Lady Catheron cooing the baby, looks smilingly on. Sud denly he comes to a full stop. Comes to a full stop, and holds something before him as though it were a snake. A very harmless snake, apparently — the photograph of a young and handsome man. For fully a minute he gazes at it utterly aghast. ' Good Heaven !' his wife hears him say. . Holding baby in her arms, she glances at him. The baek of the picture is toward her, but she recognizes it. Her face turns ashen grav — she moves round and bends it over baby. ' Ethel !' Sir Victor says, his voice stern, ?what does this mean ? ' What does what mean ? Hush-h-h baby, darling. Not so loud, Victor, please. I want to get baby asleep.' . 'How comes Juan Catheron's picture here?' She catches her breath — the tone in which Sir Victor speaks is a tone not pleasant to hear. She is a thoroughly good little thing, but the best of little things (being women) are fi sometimes dissemblers. For a second she dares not face him ; then she comes bravely np to time and looks at him over her shoulder. ' Juan Catheron ! Oh, to be sure. Is that picture here yet ?' with a little laugh. *' I thought I liad lost it centuries ago. Good Heaven!' she exclaims inwardly: 'how could I have been such a fool !' Sir Victor rises to his feet — a curious pass ing likeness to his dark cousin, Inez, on his fair, blonde face. ' Then you know Juan Catheron. You ! And you never told me.' 'My dear Sir Victor,' with a little pout, don't be unreasonable. I should have some thing to do, if I put you au courant of all my acquaintances. I knew Mr. Catheron — slightly,' with a gasp. ' Is there any crime in that ?' 'Tes !' Sir Victor answers in a voice that xnakes.his wife jump and his son cry. 'Tes — there is. I wouldn't own a dog — if Juan Catheron had owned him before me, To look at him is pollution enough; to know him— disgrace !' . ' Victor ! Disgrace !' Disgi'ace, Ethel ! He is one of the vilest most:profligate, most lost wretches that ever disgraced a good name. Ethel, I command you to tell me — was this man ever anything to you — friend — lover — what ?' .'And. if he has been — what then?' She rises and faces him proudly. 'Am I to answer for his' sins ?' ' Tes — we all must answer more or less for those who are our friends. How come you to have his picture ? What has he been to. you ? Not your lover — for- Heaven's sake Ethel, never, that!' And why not? Mind?' she says, still facing him, her blue eyes aglitter, ' I don't say that he was ; but if he was — what then ?' ^ - ' What then ?' He is white to the lips with jealous rage and fear. 'This then — you shall never again be wife of mine!' Victor !' she puts out her hands as if to ?ward oil a blow, 'don't say that— oh, don't say that! And — and it isn't true — he never was a lover of mine — never, never!' She burst out with the denial in passionato \- ' . fear and trembling. In all her wedded life she had never seen him look, heard him speak like this, though she has seen him iealous — needlessly — often. . He never was your lover? Tou are tell ing me the truth ?' i 'iN?-Vn07-ncvei'! U0VGr' Victor. Don't look , \Q that! Oh, what brought that wretched picture here ! I knew him slightly only that and ho did giVe me his photo giapli. How could I tell lio 'vvas tlie wretch ? you say ho is how could I think there would be any harm m taking a picture ? Ho seemed very nice, Victor. What did ho over do ?' . 'He seemed very nice !' Sir Victor re peated, bitterly, ' and what did lie over do ? ' What has lie left undone, you had better ask. Mo has brokon every command of tho deca logno— every law .human and divine. Ho is dead tp ns all his sister included, and has been these many years. Ethel, can I be lieve ? ' 'I have told you, Sir Victor. Tou will boheve as you please,' his wife answers, a little sullenly, turning away from him. ' She understands him. His very iealousv and anger are born of his passionato love for her. To grieve her is torture to him, yet ho grieves her often. For a tradesman's daughter to marry a ? may bo but ono remove from paradise ; Still it is ;i remove.^ And thb sorpont in Lady Catheron s Ldcn is the ugliest and most Vicious of all serpents — jealousy. He has noyer shown his green eyes and obnoxious ?Claws so palpably before, and as Sir Victor looks at her bonding over her baby, his fierce paroxysm of jealousy gives way to a fierco paroxysm of love. ' Oh, Ethel, forgive me !' ho says ; ' I did not mean to wound you, but the thought of that man — faugh ! But I am a fool to be jealous of you, my white lily. Kiss me — for- give me — we'll throw this snake in tho grass out of the window and forget it. Only — I would rather you had told me.' He tears up the wretched little mischief making picture and flings it out of the win dow with a look of disgust. Then they ' kiss and make up,' but the stab has boon given, and will rankle. The folly of her past is doing its work, as all our follies past and present are pretty sure to do. CHAPTER in. HOW LADY CATHERON CAME HOME. Late in the afternoon of a September day Sir Victor Catheron, of Catheron Royals, brought home his wife and son. His wife and son ! The country stood astounded. And it had been a dead secret. Dreadful ! And Inez Catheron was jilted ? Shocking ! And she was a soap-boiler's daugh ter ? Horrible ! And now when this wret ched, misguided young man could keep his folly a secret no longer, he was bringing his wife and child home. The resident gentry sat thunderstruck. Did he expect they could call ? (This was the gentler sex). Plutocracy might jostle aris tocracy in the background, but the line must be drawn somewhere, and the daughter of a London soap-boiler they would not receive. Who was to be positive there had been a mar riage at all ? And poor Inez Catheron ! Ah, it was very sad — very sad. There was a well known, well-hidden taint of insanity in the Catheron family. It must be that latent in sanity cropping up. The young man must simply bo mad. Nevertheless, bells rang, and bonfires blazed, tenantry cheered, and all the old servants (with Mrs. Marsh, the housekeeper, and Mr. Hooper, the butler, at their head) were drawn up in formidable array to recieve them. And if both husband and wife were very pale, very silent, and very nervous, who is to blame them ? Sir Victor had set society at defiance ; it was society's turn now, and then — there was Inez. For Lady 'Catheron, the dark, menacing figure of her husband's cousin haunted her, too. As the big turreted, towered, ivied pile of stone and mortar called Catheron Royals, with its great bell booming, its Union Jack waying, reared up before the soap-boiler's daughter — she absolutely cowered with a dread that had no name. ' I am afraid !' she said. ' Oh, Victor, I am afraid !' Ho laughed — not quite naturally, though. If the painful truth must be told of a baronet and a Catheron, Sir Victor was afraid, too. ' Afraid ?' he laughed ; of what, Ethel ? The ghost of the Gray Lady, who walks twice every year in Rupert's Tower ? Like all fine old family, we have our fine old family ghost, and we would not part with it for the world. I'll tell you the legend some day ; at present , screw your courage to the sticking place,' for here wo are.' He decended from the carriage and walked into the grand manorial hall, vast enough to have lodged a hundred men, his wife on his arm his head very high, his face very pale. She clung to him, poor child ! and yet she battled hard for her dignity, too. Hat in hand, smiling right and left in the old pleas ant way, she shook hands with Mrs. Marsh and Mr. Hooper, presented them to my lady, and bravely inquired for Miss Inez. Miss Inez was well, and awaiting him in the cedar drawing-room. They ascended to the cedar drawing-room, one of the grandest rooms in the house, all gilding and ormolu, and magnificent up holstery — Master Baby following in the arms of his nurse. The sweet face and soft eyes' of Lady Catheron had done their work already in the ranks of the servants' — she would be an easier mistress to serve than Miss Inez. ' If she ever is mistress in her own house,' thought Mrs. Marsh, who was 'companion' to Miss Catheron as well as housekeeper ; ' and mistress she never will be while Miss Catheron is at the Royals.' The drawing-l'oom was brilliantly lighted, and, standing in the full glare of the lamps — Inez. She was gorgeous this evening in maize silk that was like woven sunshine ; she had a white camellia in her hair, a diamond cross on her breast, scented laces about her, dia monds on her arms and in her ears. So she stood — a resplendent vision — so Sir Victor behold her again. He put up his hand for an instant, like one who is dazzled — then he led forward his wife, as men have led on a forlorn hope. 'My cousin,' he said, 'my wife; Inez, this is Ethel.' There was a certain pathos in the simplicity of the words, in the tone of his voico, in the look of his eyes. And as some very uplifted young empress might bow to the lowliest of her handmaidens, Miss Catheron bowed to Lady Catheron. 'Ethel,' she repeated, a smile on her lips, 'a pretty name and a pretty face. I congratu late you on your taste, Vctor. And this is the baby — I must look at him:' . There was an insufferable insolence in the smile, an insufferable sneer in the compliment, Ethel had half extended a timid hand-^-Victor ' had wholly extended a pleading one. She took not tho slightest notice of either. She lifted the white veil, and looked down at the sleeping baby. , ' The heir of Catheron Royals,' she said; ' aud a fino baby, no doubt, as babies go. ' I don't pretend to bo a judge. He is very bald and very flabby, and very fat just at present; . Whom does he resemble ? Not you, Victor. Oh, no doubt the distaff side .of -ihe house. What do you call him, nurse ? Not christened yet ? But of course the heir of the house is always christened at Catheron Royals. Vic tor, no doubt you'll follow the habit of your ancestors' and give him his mother's family name. Your mother was tho daughter of a marquis, and you are Victor St. Albans Catheron. Good customs should not bo drop ped — lot your son's name be Victor Dobb Catheron.' She laughed as. slio dropped the veil, n laugh that made all tho blood in Sii' Victor's body tinglo in his -faeo. . . .But ho stood: silent. And it was' Ethol- who, to the surprise. of ovory one, lior husband included, turned upon Miss Cathoron with flashing eyes : and flush ing cheeks. :? -. v ,. ' And suppose ho is christencd Victor Dobb Catheron, what then ? It is an honest English name, of which npne of. my family have ever had reason to feel ashamed. My husband's mother may have been tho daughter of a marquis— my son's mothoris'the daughter of i a tradesman — tho name that has been good enough for me will be good enough for hip I have yet to learn there is any disgrace in honest trade.' _ j Miss Catheron smiled oncc more, a smile j more stinging than words. | 'No doubt. Tou have many things yet to learn, I am quite sure. Victor, tell your j wife that, however dulcet her voice may bo, it ; would sound sweeter if not raised so very high. Of course, it is to bo expected — I make every allowance, poor child, for the failings of her — class. The dressing-boll is ringing ; dinner in an hour. Until then — aurevoir.' Still with that most insolent smile, she bows low onco more, and in her gold silk, her Spanish laces, her diamonds and splendor,, Miss Catheron swept out of the room. And this was Ethel's welcome home. Just two hours later, a young man came walking briskly up the long avenue leading to the great portico entrance of Catheron Royals. The night was dark, except for the chill, white stars — here, under tho arching, oaks and elms, not even tho starlight shone.' But neither for the darkness nor loneliness cared this yonng man. With his hands in his pockets, he went along at a swinging pace, whistling cheerly. He was very tall ; he walked with a swagger. Tou could make out no more in the darkness. Tho great house loomed up before him — huge, black, grand, a row of lights all along the first floor. The young man stopped his whistling, and looked up with a smile not pleasant to see. ' Four years ago,' he said, between his teeth, ' you flung me from your door like a dog, most noble baronet, and you swore to lodge me in Chesholm gaol if I ever presumed to come back. And I swore to pay you off if I ever had a chance. To-night the chance has come, thanks to the girl who jilted me. Tou're a young man of uncommonly high stomach, my baronet, proud as the deuce and jealous as the devil. I'll give your pride and your jealousy a chance to show themselves to night.' He lifted the massive brass knocker, and brought it down with a clang that echoed through the house. Then he began whistling again, watching those lighted, lace-draped windows. ' And to think,' he was saying, inwardly, ' to think of our little Ethel being mistress here. On my word, it's a lift in life for the soap-boiler's pretty daughter. I wonder what they're all about up there now, and how Inez takes it. I should think there must have been the dickens to pay when she heard it first.' The heavy door swung back, and a dignified, olderly gentleman, in black broadcloth and silk stockings, stood gazing at the intruder. The young man stepped from the outer dark neds into the lighted vestibule, and the elderly gentleman fell back with a cry. ' Master Juan !' ' Mister Juan, Hooper, if you please — Mister Juan. William, my old cockalorum, my last rose of summer, how goes it ?' He grasped the family butler's hand with a jolly laugh, aud gave it a shake that brought tears of torture to its owner's eyes. In the blaze of the hall chandelier, he stood revealed a big fellow, with eyes and hair raven black and a bold, bronzed face. ' What, William ! friend of my childhood's days, ' none knew thee, but to love thee, none named thee but to praise' — not a word of welcome ? Stricken dumb at the sight of the prodigal son ! I say ! Where's the rest ? The baronet, you know, and my sister, and the new wife and kid ? In the dining-room ?' ' In the dining-room,' Mr. Hooper is but. just able to gasp, as with horror pictured on his face, he falls back. ' All right, then. Don't fatigue your venerable shanks preceding me. I know the way. Bless you, William, bless you, and be happy !' He bounces up the stairs, this lively young man, and the next instant, hat and hand, stands in the large, liandsome. brilliantly-, lighted dining-room. They are still lingering, oyer the dessert, and with a simultaneous cry, and as if by one impulse, the three start on their feet and stand confounded. The young man strikes a tragic theatrical- attitude. ' Scene— dining-room of the reprobate 'Don Giovanni — tremulo music, lights half; down — enter statue of virtuous Don Pedro.' He breaks into a rollicking laugh and changes his tone for that of every-day life. ' Didn't expect me, did. you?' he says, addressing everybody. ' Joyful surprise, isn't it ? Inez, how do ? Baronet, your humble servant. Sorry to intrude, but I've been told my wife is here, and I've come after her, naturally. And here she is. Ethel, my darling, who'd have thought of seeing you at Catheron Royals, an honored guest ? Give us a kiss, my angel, and say your glad to see your scape grace husband back.' Ho strides forward and has her in his arms before anyone can speak. He stoops his black-bearded face to kiss her, just as, with a gasping sob, her golden head falls on his shoulder and. she faints dead away. .. CHAPTER IV. ' i'LL:.N0T BELIEVE- - BUT. DESD'EHONA'S HONEST.' With a crj that is like nothing human, Sir Victor, Catheion leaps forward and tears his fainting, .wife.: out of the. grasp of the black bronzed, bearded, piratical- looking youn' man. : ;/ ... ° 'Tou villain!' lie shouts, hoarse with amaze arid fury ; ' stand back; 'ior by. t]io liv ing Lord, I'll havq your, life ! , I Tou scoundrel, how dare you. lay. hands oil my wife !' . 'Tour wife !; Tours ! ? Come now,- I like' that !' It's against ' the' law of this riarrow ' minded country ' for a wonian; to have two ; husbands. Tou're a magistrate, an(l ought, t0 'kn0-\v Don't call names, and do keep your' temper-7— violent language unbecoriiinga gen-, tleman and a, baronet. : Inez; what does he mean by calling Ethol his wifo ?' ' 'She is his wifo,' Inez. answered, her black eyes glittering'. ; . . . ' Oh, but I'll be hanged if she is ! She's mine— inino hard and fast, by jingo ! There's some little riiisundorstariding . here. Keep your temper, baronet, and let us clear it up. I married. Miss Ethel Dobb in Glasgow, on the thirteenth of .May, two years ago. Now Sir Victor Cathoron, when did' you marrV her?' ... . - /- Sir. Victor mado no answer ; his face, as he' stood supporting his; wife; was ghastly with', rage and fear.. . Ethel lay like one dead ; Juan Catlieroiij . still eminently good- hmriorecl arid? self-possessed, turned to Iris sistor :. _ k hero, Inez,, this is how it stands,;,' Miss.Dobb was. only, fifteen when I met lior . first. It was in Scotland. . We fell in love, with each otlior ; it was the suddonest caso of? spoons you over saw. Wo exchanged pictures', we yowed vows, we did the ' moot1 me by;:' moonlight alone' business— you know the programme yourself. The time came to part ' — Ethel to return to school, I to sail for tho ? China Sea — and tho day wo loft Scotland wo j went into church and were married. There ! I don't deny wo parted at the church door, and have never met since, but she's my wife ; mine, baronet, by Jove ! since the first marriage is the legal one. Come now ! Tou don't mean to say you've been and married another fellow's wife. 'Pon my word, yon know I shouldn't believed it of Ethel.' ' She is reviving,' Inez said. She spoke quietly, but her eyes were shining like black stars. She knew her brother for a liar of old, but what if this wore true ? Wliat if her vengeance were here so soon ? She held a glass of iced champagne to the white lips. 'Drink!' she said authoritatively, and Ethel mechanically drank. Then the blue eyes opened, and she stood erect in Sir Victor's arms. ' Oh, what is it?' she said. 'Wliat has happened ?' Her eyes fell upon the dark intruder, and with a cry of fear, a shudder of repulsion, her hands flew up and covcred her face. ' Don't be afraid, my darling,' Sir Victor said, holding her close, .and looking with flash-' ing, defiant eyes at his enemy ; ' this coward has told a monstrous falsehood. Deny it, my love. I ask no more, and my servants shall kick him out.' 'Oh, shall they?' said Mr. Catheron. ' Well, we'll see. Now, Ethel, look here. I don't understand this business, you know. What does Sir Victor mean by calling you his wife ? It isn't possible you've gone and committed bigamy — there must be a mistake. Tou are my wife, and as such I claim you.' ' Ethel, you hear that,' Sir Victor cried in a voice of agony ; for Heaven's sake speak ! The sight of this follow — the sound of his voice — is driving me mad. Speak and deny this horrible charge.' ' She can't,' said Juan Catheron. 'I can ! I do !' exclaimed Ethel, starting up with flushing face and kindling eyes ; 'It is a monstrous lie. Victor, oh, Victor, send him away ! It isn't true — it isn't, it isn't !' ' Hold on, Sir Victor,' Mr. Catheron inter posed, ' Let me ask this young lady a ques tion or two. Ethel, do you remember May, two years ago, in Scotland ? Look at this picture, it's yours, isn't it ? Look at this ring on my little finger : you gave it to me didn't you ? Think of the little Glasgow presbytery, where Ave went through the ceremony, and deny that I'm/rour husband, if you can.' But her blood was up — gentle, yielding, and timid, she had yet a spirit of her own, and her share of British 'pluck.' She faced her accuser like a small, fair haired lioness, her eyes flashing blue fire. ' I do deny it ! Tou wretch, how dare you come hero with such a lie !' She turned her back upon him with a scorn under which even he winced. ' Victor !' she cried, lifting her clasped hands to her husband, ' hear me and forgive me if you can. I have done wrong — wrong — but I — I was afraid, and I thought he was drowned. I wanted to tell you all — I did, in deed, but papa and mamma were afraid — afraid of losing you, Victor. I told you a falsehood about the photograph — he, that wretch, did give it to me, and' — her face drooped with a bitter sob — 'He was my lover then, years ago, in Scotland.' ' Ah !' quoted Mr. Catheron, ' truth is rnighty and prevails ! Tell it, Ethel ; the truth tile wliole truth, and nothing but the truth.' ' Silence, sir !' Lady Catheron cried, ' and don't dare call me Ethel. I was only fifteen, Victor — think of it, a child of fifteen, spend ing my holidays in Glasgow, when I met him. And he dared to make love to me. It amused ' hjm for the time — representing himself as a sort of banished prince, a nobleman in dis guise. He took my silly, girlish fancy for the time. What did I at fifteen know of love ? The day I was to return home we exchanged pictures and rings, and he took me out for a last walk. He led mo into a solitary chapel, and made mo join hands and pledge myself to be his wife. There was not a soul in the place but ourselves, As we left it we met papa. We shook hands and parted, and until this .hour I have never since set eyes on his face. Victor, don't blame too much — think what a child I was — remember I was afraid ? of him. The instant he was out of my sight I disliked him. Ho wrote to me — I never answered his letters, except once, and then it was to 'return his, and tell him to trouble me no more. That is all. Oh, Victor ! don't look Hko that ! I am sorry — I am sorry. Forgive irio or I shall die.' ?; He was ashen white, but there was a dig nity about him that awed into silence even the easy assurance of Juan Catheron. He stooped and kissed the tear- wet, passionate, pleading .face. ' I believe you,' he said ; ' your only fault ?was in not telling me long ago. Don't cry, fcnd sit down.' [' ,-He placed her in a chair, walked over, and [confronted his cousin. 'Juan Cathoron,' he said,. 'you arc a (slanderer and as eoundrel, as you always were. Leave this house, and never, while I live, set your foot across its threshold. Five years ago you committed a forgery of my name for [three thousand pounds. I turned you out of Cathoron Royals and lot you go. I hold that forged cheque yet. Enter this house again, re peat your infamous lie, and you shall rot in , Chesholm jail. I spared you then for your .sister's sake — for the name you bear and dis grace— but come here again and defame my [wife, and I'll transport you, though you were ! my brother. Now go, and never come [back,' !|l Ho walked, to tlie door and flung it wide. [Juan Catheron stood and looked at him, his admirable good-humor' unruffled,' something ;liko genuine admiration' -in' his face, f ' By Jupiter !' lie exclaimed, 'who'd have , thought it ! Such a milksop as he used to bo ! fWoll, baronet, I don't deny you got the upper hand of mo in that unpleasant 'little affair of the forgery of Portland Islands, with a chain on my leg and hard labour for twenty years, I don't particularly crave. Of course, if [Ethel won't come, she won't, but* I say again [it's deuced shabby treatment. Because, baro jnefc, that sort of thing is a marriage in Scot |ttmd, say what you like. I suppose it's ^natural she should prefer the owner of Cat ®orou: Royals and twenty thousand per' annum f|- a poor devil of a: sailor like mo ; but all the tepne, it's hard lines. Good-bye, Inez — bo sis gerly, can't you and comb and see a fellow. [I'm stopping at the 'Ring o' Bells,' in Ches holm. Good-bye, Ethel. ' Thou hast learned Ito love another, tliou hast broken every vow,' |mt you might shake hands for the sake of $ld times. Tou won't — 'well, then, good-bye ^without. The next timo I marry I'll make suro of my wife. ' - - I' -' He swaggored out of the room, giving Sir Victor a friendly ajid forgiving nod, flung his slouch hat on his black curls, clattered dowa the stairs and out of the house. ' By-by, William,' ho said to tho butler. ' I'm off again, you soo. Most inhospitable lot I ever saw — never so much as offered mo a glass of wine. Good-night, my daisy. Oh river ! as they say in French. Oh river !' The door closed upon him. He looked back at the lighted windows and laughed. ' I've given them a rare fright, if nothing else. She wont off stiff at. sight of me, and he — egad !tlic little fair-haired baronet's plucky after all — such a molly-cod die as he used to be. Of course her being my wife's all bosh, but the scare was good fun. And it won't end here — my word for it. He's as jealous as the Grand Turk. I hope Inez will come to see me and give me some money. If she doesn't, I must go and sec her, that's all.' He was gone, and for a moment silence reigned. Lights burned, flowers bloomed, crystal and silver shone, rare wines and rich fruits glowed. But a skeleton sat at the feast. Juan Catheron had done many evil deeds in his life-time, but never a more das tardly deed than to-night. There was a flash of intolerable triumph in the dark eye» of Inez. She detested her brother, but she could have kissed him now. She had lost all — wealth, position, and the man she loved ; this girl with the tangled, yellow hair and pink and white face had taken all from her, but even her path was not to be altogether a path of roses. Ashen pale and with eyes averted, Sir Vic tor walked back and resumed his seat at the table. Ashen pale, trembling and frightened, Ethel sat where he had placed her. And no one spoke — what was there to be said ? It was a fortunate thing that just at this juncture baby should see fit to wake and set up a dismal cry, so shrill as to penetrate even to the distant dinner-room. Lady Catheron rose to her feet, uttered a hasty and inco herent apology, and. ran from the room. She did not return. Peace reigned, the infant heir of the Catherons was soothed, bui his mamma went down stairs no more that night. She lingered in the nursery for over an hour. Somehow by her baby's side she felt a sense of peace and safety, She dreaded to meet her husband. What must he think of her ? She had stooped to concealment, to falsehood — would he ever love her or trust her again ? She went at last to her rooms. On the dressing-table wax-lights burned, but the bed room was unlighted. She seated herself by the window and looked out at the starlit sky, at the darkly- waving trees of the park. ' And this is my welcome home,' she thought, ' to find my husband's house my rival and enemy, whose first look, whose first words, are insults. She is mistress here, not I. And that fatal folly of my childhood come back! That horrible man!' She shuddered as she sat alone. ' Ah, why did I not tell, why did mamma beg me to hide it from him ? She was so afraid he would have gone — so afraid her daughter would miss a baronet, and I — I was weak and a coward. No, it is all over — he will never care for me, never trust me again.' He came in as she sat there, mournful and alone. In the dust of the chamber the little half- hidden, white figure caught his eye, the golden hair glimmering through the dust. 'Ethel,' he said, ' is that window open ? Come away immediately — you. will take cold in the draught.' He spoke gently, but very coldly, as he had never spoken to her before. She turned to him with a great sob. ' Oh, Victor, forgive me !' she said. He was silent for a moment. He loved her with a great and passionate love ; to see her weep was torture, to see her suffer, misery She had never been dearer than in this hour Still he stood aloof, torn by doubt, racked by jealousy. ' Ethel,' he cried out' 'why did you deceive me ? I thought— -I could have sworn you were all truth and innocence, stainless as, a lily, white as an angel. And to think that another man — and of all men Juan Catheron. No. I can t even think of it — it .is enough to drive me mad!' She fell down on her knees before him- and held up her clasped hands. ' I was only a child, Victor. I knew noth ing of him, nothing of love. I had done wrong shamefully, sinfully, wrong in conceal ing the truth, but you were so extacting, so jealous, and I was so afraid of losing you. I loved you so — I loved you so. Oh, Victor, forgive me or I shall die !' (To be continued.) 