A tatvf. of two dinxees. Takes eroji " A Btjtleb nr Bohemia." " The tread is three pounds nine shillings!" " Ancl the milk r " I queried. "I don't know what the milk is, hut it •won't leave itself any longer until it's paid for." " And the hnteher ? " There was a perfectly respectful hut firmly delivered knock at the front door. " There is the hnteher," said Yvette, rising affright edly from her wicker-work chair; " he told Ada yesterday, while he was cutting the steak, that he meant to come up to-day and see the master personally." "The master" hurled himself before his wife's pretty red slippers, and im plored her to save him from this interview —to the consternation of Ada, who, j having found her second tap disregarded, loomed apologetic in the doorway. " Please, 'm, the butcher." "Tour mistress will see him, Ada," I said, briskly, hnt with a glance of agonized entreaty. " Coward I'' Yvette muttered, dramatic ally, as she Eivept past me on her way to the dining-room. I followed her to the door, and saw through its crack that Mr Poulter, the butcher, had already placed his tall bat on one ehair, and was sitting on another, with an unmistakable deter mination to come to an understanding •with the man who cowered from him behind a woman's skirts. ! " Don't give me up," I whispered after my wife. " Bay I'm in Spain." I leaned against the closed drawing room door, listening to the noise of the field I had fled. Ho words were to be distinguished, hnt yet I could hear Yvette's chirping treble rise and fall, and through it the Gregorian accompaniment of Mr Poulter's indignaut reproaches. Ages seemed to pass before the booming fire of the enemy slackened and ceased. I followed Yvette's voice tbrongb the whole campaign. I knew when she was glad that Mr Poulter had called, when she was distressed to hear how long the account had been standing, and re cognized the graver tones in which she expressed her regret that my absence from home had prevented my seeing Mr Poulter personally. A lighter key suc ceeded, having in it something of triumph, and I knew that Mr Ponlter was for the time out-generalled and out talked. I stepped out stealthily into the hail, and threw the guilty evidence of my own soft hat into the drawing-room; my symnathy with my wife was leading me to execute the opening steps of a pas-de rxdoire under the reindeer's head, when the dining- room door opened suddenly, and I flei Prom a chink in the hlincl, I watched "Mr- Poulter go slowly away. The sun was shining upon the two flowering laburnum trees swaving gently with the breeze, and I could have wept when I reflected that Hatnre permitted such a one as Mr Ponlter to co-exist with them on a June morning. My wife rejoined me dolefully. I twisted a little branch from the fire-grate into a really effective laurel-crown, and I crowned her with it, hnt she took it off and said, bitterly, that it was " all very welL" " I have beaten him oft" she pursued, gloomily;'"hnt I know it will he only fora little while." " Did you tell him I was in Spain ? " " Ho," she replied, " I couldn't say anything so nntruthful as that even to save ns from a butcher. Bat I told Mm yon were in Manchester, and I was ex peeting you home every das*. And I told him you positively panted to see him. Dot what's the good ? " she added, sif ting down despairingly; " even if he were hnrht up tomorrow with all his hooks, there's the fishmonger, aud the milkman, and the greengrocer, and the man who bound Kipling in vellum. I know why . it is—it's because we've had nothing but chops." " The judgment of heaven" I agr eed. "Of.course chops don't Inspire con fidence. . Order a saddle of mutton and have a dinner--party. I-have- always noticed tnat a policy of chops hastens the crisis," As far as the tradespeople were con cerned, we could not have thought of a better thing. The ten days before that dinner were the calmest we had spent for months. The single knock almost ceased in the land. There grew about us a sort of virtuous hush, an ordered ease, as of folk who paid weekly. "We touched the high-watermark of visionary affluence the dayl called at the Briar Farm Dairy and, complaining of the quality of the millr, ordered two quarts of double cream for the dinner. We asked the nicest people we knew, and from a mere hood winking ox creditors, the diuner grew to a pleasing social prospect. We asked Snmmersales, the colorist; Hicks-Hake, the wall-paper designer ; and Pawkes fielu, the Socialist, The Jobnson-Dows came and brought their cousin, the first violin; then Malpas Smith, of the " Sunday Sentinel," came with his wife and sister. It was a nice little party. Suminersales, who lives at Brighton, came to breakfast, and most of the others came about twelve o'clock. Me had bread and cheese and beer for luncb, and walked round our absurd little garden plot, smoking pipes to kill the aphides on the rose-bnshes, wMle Yvette sat in the middle, playing the guitar. When the day clouded over we re treated indoors to waltz in the guests' bedroom, a Bine Beard* chamber kept ever locked, because we had never been able to furnish it with anything hut a shelf for my hoots. The locked door gave a charming air of mystery to the house. I said that our family ghost walked there by night, the " white curse of the Careys," for which reason our faithful Ada would pass the door by night with the holt of a rabbit, and Yvette used herself to tell a story that if yon looked through the key-hole at mid night yon would seethe floor of polished oak, the walls hung with Plemish tapestry, and a great tester bed witb drawn curtains of cloth of gold. We ■ danced there because dinner was laid in tbt» dining-room, and the dimensions of the drawing-room would not permit even the swinging of a kitten. Haycraft's arrival in shiny evening dress was a little check to our happiness. He was the greengrocer, and we owed him sixteen pounds seven shillings and twopence. Feeling that our purchase of a pine-apple would not soothe Mm sufficiently, Yvette had added thereto a request for his services at table during the banquet. I received him with stately cordiality, and begged him io draw himself a glass of beer to hearten himself for his task. On his replying that he never touched anytliiug, I felt, for the first time, that, his presence was a fatal error, and that he would disapprove of ns. lie did disapprove of ns. He noted at the first glance as we trooped into the dining- room that none of us were in black. From the expression of his fish-like right eye (the left was dull and emotionless) as it fell on Sumraer sales's peacock- blue bow, I gathered that the color displeased him, and though Fawkesfield's jacket was buttoned over his breast, the eye of Haycruf t pierced its brown material and knew of the missing waistcoat which Fawkesfield had re moved when we were playing ball in the garden in the full heat of the sun. The dinner itself was excellent. In ordering it v.-e bud spared no expense, and, as a cook, Ada is good and plain ; bat Hnycruft knew as well as I did that nothing on the table was paid for, and waited morosely, as one who was witli us hnt not of us. My guests regarded liim in return with ill-concealed aver sion. Said Summcrsales, in a moment when the fish had taken Haycraft from us : " How do von do it, old man ? " " Do what 'i " I returned. " Why, harbor that sombre menial, to be sure," said Snmuiersales. "It jars with the worldly circumstances of your guests; it is discourteous. I did my loots over last night with lamp-black j and copal, that they might hear me - decently hither, and you flout me to-day j with your retainers." j : The latter part of his statement could ,: not have escaped Haycraft, who had noiselessly returned to the room, hear ing with him a made dish as if it were the body of a murdered infant. I turned my face from the face of Hay craft. It was not meet that I should crouch as I did before this proud serving man. Had in}' eyes met his, he would have read in them the apology that was near my lips. "Haycraft," he would have read, " I confess it freely, the ways of the nobility and gentry, at whoso tables you render your graceful service, are not my ways, nor the ways of these, my simple friends, hut, in the name of our common humanity, relax a little among these un congenial surroundings." This I might have said had not Ada come in at that moment, saying : "Please, sir, Mr Claringbold." " The next room, Ada," I said ; "light the lamp with the Ted shade, and say that .Mrs Carey null be with him in a " but before the sentence could he completed a heavy step fell in the door way, and my TTnele James' gray eyebrows were lowering on the revellers. His glance swept the room. I watched it pass Summersales' necitie, and count the Tasmauian apples in the dish, at the satue time that it noted my acute discom fort. Uncle James' massive gold watehchain (hall-marked on every link) sought to detain my eye, hut I avoided its fascina tions, and turned to the others. " Yvfctte—Mrs Johnson-Dow—Sum mersales, this is my uncle, Mr James Claringbold." Tvette rushed to the breach; she clasped his large hands, she seemed to nestle against the massive curve of his waistcoat. He "softened a little, bowed to the company, a guarded,not negotiable bow, and sat down. We exhibited to the full the parasitical traits of the artist class, fawning with one accord upon this hard-featured old man. with the stiff gray whiskers meeting his shaven chin. jTo words of mine were needed to explain that this man oozed capital at every pore. "When he said the sky had an un settled appearance for the first week in Jane, we loudly deplored in chorus the shortcomings of our climate, and grew jealons of the conversational success of Hicks-Hake, who holdlv inquired the feeling in the city about the hop pros pect. This must have touched Uncle James, for he gracefully brought for ward the subject of art, which he told us he had himself encouraged to some extent during the""present year by be coming the purchaser , of "Tour Tarn Text" (little girl bathing dachshunds). Then Summersales took np the word, saying that this was in his opinion the I picture of the year, a picture lost to the nation by the nation's apathy and the prompt discrimination of. Mr Claring bold. Then the June evening died happily away,red and gold among the laburnums and the little poplars on the lawn, and in the gray haze of onr cigarette smoke j within. My good guests pressed Uncle Claringbold's hand and hade us farewell; Ada tripped about setting the lamps and candles and drawing the curtains, aud Tvette aud I came back from the hall to sit over the deserted table, face to face with Uncle James. j I am his only living kinsman, and my j Uncle James is an nncte pur sang. My fancy can not picture him. as adequately snpporting any other relationship. Fifteen—sixteen years before this dinner party I had last seen Uncle James. Scarlet fever had broken out in my father's household, and I was sent in quarantine to liltham, there to partake of my uncle's unwillingly extended hospitality. He sat here to-night at my table, wiih the red flush of the lamp mantling his features and bis large, red bands covering his knees, just as be bad sat in bis horsehair chair in the little irbMiy.ai _Elthain on.that fell day when my aunt led me thither,gr->:u hot on iny brow. -.1 had been Teading " Ivanboe " that afternoon, and knew no happiness till I bad harded and cap arisoned a chair with an arrangement of string and the strap of my box. Thus equipped I had felt myself free to regard it as a Spanish jennet champing the hit so fiercely that I recognised the necessity for haltering it with my handkerchief to the knob of the door before I hurried away, lightly anned with a large wooden Japanese paper-knife, to seek harness for myself. In an evil moment, I found my uncle's leather hat-box in bis dressing room. I removed the cover and was thoughtfully ruffling the nap of the Sun day hat, when its empty receptacle struck rne'iu the light of a matchless til ting helmet. Misguided.boy! I completed the resemblance by cutting boles for sight and air1 with my pocket-knife. I had cause to wish later that I had also provided for the sense of heating. Two minutes afterward I was in the saddle, hewing my desperate way through a route of Sara ecus to regain the Christum hosts, when my aunt fell upon me with overwhelming force. On my uncle's return from the City, I was led, dis armed and humiliated, to the library, my annt accompanying me with the evidence of crime—a veritable helmet of Mam hiino, which had reassumed by foul enchantment the "form of an injured bat-box. .The soldier of the cross was beaten, and* painfully beateu, with the flat of his own good sword—with the Japanese paper-knife, in fact. " A heartless act of destruction." said Uncle .James, breathing himself after the unwonted exercise; "only yesterday I encouraged yon in your idle sports with sixpence; the initial cost of the game of hall, merely stipulating that it should he played out of reach of my windows. I have indulged yoiir inclination for marbles, believing that that amusement, in the company of other hoys, fosters sound commercial iustincts, and you repay my generosity by secretly injuring my hat-box. I wash my hands of you. Ton must be a boy of destructive and immoral tendencies." Somehow, after that visit. we drifted apart. Ten years later I had written to condole with him on the death of my aunt, and was rewarded in due course by a black-edged card with a gloomy text on it. Feeling that this must have established a cordial feeling, I wrote again on the occasion of the good fortune of my life —my improvident marriage—-and drew from my uncle a stiff note of congratula tion and a plated fish slice. Tliencaine the wolf to jjrowl round onr little house on "Wandsworth Common, and in the spasm of agony following the return of my manuscript novel by MacMnrray, the publisher, I bethought me of my Uncle James, the lonely rich inau who had succeeded in jute, aud I wrote him another letter, telling liim in well-chosen and heart-rending phrases of our domestic difficulties. Ten days passed, and the letter— always a forlorn hope—was almost for gotten, and now—a turn of fortune's wheel—and Uncle James was upon us ' He had drawn my unfortunate letter from his pocket, aud had stuck it up against a decanter for reference. "I have here," he said, " a letter from yourself." I could see from my place our Wands worth address embossed' in little blue capitals at the head of the missive in question. " It is with reference to its contents that I have called on you this evening. A natural pity for the son of my poor sister Einraa was aroused " " It was very kind," I began to falter, hut he raised his hand to hush me, and went on : "Was aroused by your remark that you were ' receiving your last crust at the grudging hand of gritn poverty.' " Mr Claringbold peered through his spectacles to verify this quotation, which, even at that moment, struck me as having a charming literary flavor, and added; '' To-day it would appear that you have found the means to supplement that crust , \ with some description of animal food." j c I hung my head, and touched Yvette's . i foot under the table with a tap of . ] agonized entreaty. I 1 " I think," continued Uncle James, j 1 with a further reference to the document j 1 before hini—" I think I am now in a |] position to weigh your description of your home ' made gray and desolate by the— er—blighting wing of undeserved mis fortune.' " As he rolled out the phrase, it sounded so well that I wondered, even in that awiul moment, how any publisher could have refused a novel of mine. 11 fiud you," he went on, " bauquet witli light-hearted companions. I find you " 1 Dear Uncle James " said Yvette, her lovely eyes filling with tears, " do not misjudge us because of our surroundings. I can hardly tell you how deceptive ap pearances arc in the present case." As she spoke, the tide of Uncle James' sarcasm suddenly ebbed; he sat moodily, picking almonds and raisins from the dish before him, and chewing them as if they were the cud of bitter reflection. Said Yvette : " This banquet, as you term it, is our last effort—t'-ie last blow we can strike. My husband is a novelist. Hear Uncle James, you know the require ments of that precarious calling ? " " On the contrary," said Uncle James, "it is a means of livelihood of which I understand hut little." " You must have seen," continued Yvette, " the dark-haired man with a heard trimmed to a point, who sat in the seat where I am now." Uncle James was giving his attention, but possibly I listened with even more interest. It did not occur to me what part my old friend Fawkesfield played in the affairs of our house. " That man," said Yvette, " was Mac Murray, the publisher." " Bless my soul' " said Uucle James, feeling that some remark was required of him. I think I gasped at the same time, hut Yvette went on : " "We are in the last stage of poverty, and, at the cost of my few remaining articles of jeweller}', we have pandered to that man's lower nature. Under the softening influence of lamb and peas, of Burgundy, and a confection of whipped cream, I have appealed to this man, a well-known gounuand, to consider a new novel by my husband. I had almost succeeded when the gooseberry tart came to table imperfectly sweetened. He tasted it, I saw his brows knit, and I knew that all was lost." "I had no idea," said Uucle James, " that such things were possible. But admitted that this extravagance in the matter of viands were an advisible one, how do you, in your preseut circum stances, justify the presence of a man servant at table ? " "Without replying for the moment, Yvette rose from her seat and unfastened the doors of the sideboard with a key hanging at her girdle; she had turned rather pale and looked prettier than ever. " These files on the top shelf," she said, "are all tradesmen's bills. They now amount to nearly one hundred poauds. The patience of these people has been exhausted at last, and an 1 how can I tell you, an upright merchant knowing nothing of these things—the man waiting at table to-day is a man in possession. For his dreadful trade he is not a harsh man, and when I told him myself of our hopes in-giving this dinner to-night, ho offered to coueeal the reason for his presence by assuming an old dress-suit belonging to my husband's father, and—and " Here Yvette broke down and sobbed upon Uncle James's shoulder. A little more and X should have sobbed myself. I think Uncle James behaved well. He exactedfrom meapromiseihatlwould qnit my present occupation, offering me instead a stool in his office—a stool and possibilities. I would have refused, hut I caught Yvette's eye aud accepted with emotion. And then Uncle James sat down and called for a blotting-pad. "We went over the hills together, aud Uncle James, under Yvette's witchery, drew lis a rawjuo —1—-ebf. cri.sn eheaue —to coyer the whole amounr. - Holding this in his hand, he made me solemnly protest that I would never incur another liability, aud when that vow was accomplished he handed the cheque to Yvette, and then he kissed her, and Lfelt that he bought "that privilege cheaply. So he left us. . On the next day we paid them all— bntcher, baker, candlestick-maker, and Haycraft. Perhaps it was owing to the news of the banquet that few of them seemed surprised when Yvette and I came with the canvas bag of gold and notes from Martin's, and gave each man his due. Indeed, if we had not been so happy, the proceeding would "have seemed somewhat flat. These people behaved as if the payment of accounts were an" eyery-day proceeding. "We paid them all, and yet money remained in the bag—four sovereigns and some silver. ' Mr Ponlter, the hatcher, we paid last, and he was moved to ask for a continuance of our custom. He pointed out at the same time a glorious sirlom as an example of the type of meat he could recommend for its English and uufrozeu qualities. It was too large for three, bnt I think the sight put it into my heart to propose to Yvette on our way back that we should inaugurate our new and solvent career with a second and more humble banquet to the friends whom we were entertaining on the occasion of Uucle James's intru sion. "We did so. Fawkesfield wjis there—Fawkesfield and the Johnson-Dows, Hicks-Hake, and the violinist, Suuimersales, and all who wereround us on that eventful evening. In the morning, Sir Poulter himself had brought the glorious sirloin." To com plete the hallowed association, we engaged Haycraft to lift the cover—a new Haycraft, who broke the' pledge during the morning on bottled stout, and, in the course of the afternoon, consummated this injury to his principles with mixed potations. His face shoue with enthusiasm. I heard his genial laugh behind my chair at every fresh witticism from Malpas-Smith. He filled glasses and handed plates as individual aets of homage to art aud letters embodied in our persons. It was a far more successful dinner than the last. That had been a funeral fesat, this was a species of christening-party. I told them so. I told them that henceforth I was no more of Bohemia, bnt of Mark Lane, and they drank uproariously, the health of the new-horn respectability. Yvette looked prettier and more charming than ever. I felt certain everyone must envy me. Even the passers-by turned tbeir heads at the sound of our mirth, and gazed in across the strip of front garden at our feast. "We had not pulled the blinds down. "Why should we grudge others the pleasure of witnessing our enjoyment. We sat'long at table, nud the shadows deepened ; the lamp, tlie one with the red shade, was lighted. I believe Haycraft was enjoying himself as much as any of us. Suddenly a crisp sound broke through the noise of our gaiety. I heard it boldly. "What had I to fear from any footstep, or any kuock, single or double ? But no knock came, and I saw Yvette, who faced the window, turn suddenly pale. " Uncle'James I " she cried, and the gravel crunched again, and he was gone. We tried to refie the thread of jollity so rudely severed, but it was a poor attempt. Our frieuds soou left us, re solving, no doubt, to he cautious in tlie future how thoy accepted invitations to houses where uncles might occur at any moment. Yvette and I were left looking at each other. "Let's hope for the best," she said, at last: " if I could only see him I could explain." " Of course you couid," T said; " when my last account is presented, I ouly hope you will be allowed to go through it and explain the items. But we shall never see Uncle James again." Nor have we. The next morning's post brought us a letter from him, in ■which ho briefly stated his opinion of me | and pointed out how hopeless a thing it ! was to help a man who, when helped, . plunged at once into such sickening, 1 heartless extravagance as to bring again : i upon his hearth within ten days the ! | baneful shadow of the minion of the j I law. He added that my wife was. too : good for me, in which I quite agree with him. " I'm sorry, dear," said Yvette, " and ! it serves me right for the stories I told, for they were whoppers. Why couldn't I have told bim about the pine«applo being so inadequate ? The publisher tale was all right. It was the butler. I never tell a lie without regretting it. Cheer, up. All the debts are paid, any way. Perhaps he'll leave mo something in his will." But I don't think that's likely—at any rate, not while I'm alive. 