I WAITING. Sail little boat aw« to the West, Seek out iry lad for rac ; Tell him the heart« (bat lore him the best, neat itt his alu eounuie. Sick ¡H roy heart with watting so long, So «lek that I can shed no tear ; But thc dirges within it would change into song, If but my boy were here. " Oh, for a glint of his tonnie blue eyes ! Oh, for a touch ot bis hand !'' ftlominu and evening thus my heart erics For Mm in that far off land. Matty's the sea it would take to quench love, Slant '« thc world to hold The hearts that are moaning to Heaven above, " Brine back my lamb to the fold." Sadly Ute moon shines now in the night, Sadly the sun by day ; Life's lost its beauty, and home's lost its light, Kow that my boy's away. Sail, little boat, sail swift to the West, beek out my lad for mc ; Tell him the hearts that love bim the best. Beat in his ain eounuie. MARtll. The mother of tho modern girl says ber daughter is like a piooe of cheap calico-»he won't wash. Grace : *' Why do you think Lucy ie valu !" Edith : " The other ?day I heard her say ehe looked like mc." Nell : " I wouldn't be in your shoes for anything." Belle -(sweetly) : "You couldn't get into them, my dear." * There is nothing more truly insinuating and deferential than the waggle ot a little dog's tail in the presence of a big dog with a bone. Banks (from his berth, feebly) : " I say, steward, do you think it's all up with me ?" Steward (cheerfully) : " Hevery think, for the present, sir ; but your happetile will be a comin' by-an-by." Mother : " I Bent you my photograph. Don't you think it is a good likeness?" Mar- ried Daughter : " Well, I should say it is. It is so life-like that when my husband saw it he turned as pale as a ghost. Tested.-Maud : "Marriage, they say is a lottery." Ethel : " That's what Carrie thought, I expect, when she oame to look over her wedding presents. Positively the entire collection wasn't worth £10." Teacher : " Do you know why Robbie Jones is not at school ? Tommy: "He's sick." Teacher : " Are you sure ?" Tommy : " Yes ; I eaw him sittin at the window with his face clean and his hair combed," Thc Mistake,-" Jennie," said Mr. Young- husband, "each of these clothes-bags have a hole in the bottom of it." " What clothes bags? We haven't any clothes- bags." " Why, what's this I've been putting my collars and cuffs in all this week !" ""hy, George ! That's the sleeve bf my dress !" A Newly appointed crier in a country court in New Zealand was ordered by the judge, in a case in which a Chinaman was a witness, to call for Ah Song. The crier looked puzzled for a moment; and cast a sly glance at the judge, but, finding him grave as an undertaker, be turned to the audience and blandly sim- pered : " Gentlemen, would any of you favour his Honour with a song ?" The woman emancipationist had tackled the serene old bachelor, and was reading thc Riot Act to him in a half-dozen different places at once. He squirmed occasionally, Lut he retained hie serenity. " Have you ever done anything for the emancipation of woman i'd like to know ?" she said coming down the home-stretch. " Indeed, I have, madam," be smiled. " I have remained a bachelor." Passenger (angrily) : " Why didn't you stop the car for me " Conductor : " How was I to know you wanted to cet on?" Passenger: " Didn't you see me swinging my arms, and Í'umping up and down and waving my um- brella ? Conductor : "Of course. Could any one help seeing you ? Thc whole street was looking at you." Passenger:. "Then why didn't yon stop?" Conductor: "I thought you were dancing to thatorgan," Pictures I Pictures I-We are now showing a large assortment of Paintings, Chromos, Photogravures, Etchings, and Oil Paintings, This is a trial shipment and wo have marked the prices very low to effect a speedy clearance. These aro photographs and paintings representing some of thc bcBt known scenes and places at home and abroad. No home need be without pictures to adorn and beautify the rooms. James Stewart and Co.-ADVT. ' ' Professor Delépine, writing on tuberculosis, has shown that^takiug very large numbers as thc basis of his estimate-at least 10 per cent of cattle are affliutsd with this disease ; and that, whereas in Bomb districts it may be comparatively rare, there are parts in which a non-tuberculous cow ¡B thc exception. Pigs also aro affected in the same manner, although not TO thc same extent, about one tn every thirty-six being attacked by thc disease. Cats and dogs also are subject to tuberculosis, and it is to bc feared from their exceeding friendliness may be a source of danger to children with whom they play. Although the form of tuberculosis with which poultry arc affected differs in sorte particulars from that of man, it is a very common disease, and commits great ravages in poultry yards, But any animal which conforms with man's habit of dwelling under artificial shelter is apt to contract tuberculosis, and so it is that whether they be monkeys, camels, giraffes, antelopes, llamas, lions, tigors, foxes, tapirs, zebras, &c;, they all, according to Professor Dclepino, aro liable to tuberculosis when they arc kept in menageries. 