PERSONALITIES. Only one mai in 203 is over 6 feet in height. Salt taxes in Europe aggregate £10,000,000. Up till 17 TB only two stumps were used in cricket. * *\ Edison's laboratory costs £5^000 a y^ar to maintain. L. A. Jessop, art critic, linguist. Politician—perhaps. A Russian does not attain h'is majority until he is 26. Forty thousand men desert from the German army every year. •v„ .* Herr Krupp and Baron Rothschild each have an income of ,£400 000 a year. During last year about a quarter 6i a million Jewish emigrants left Russia. \- The French Ambassador in London -gets £12,000 a year, and has to spend every penny of it. - They say that one eminent 'Civil servant lunches on two penny buns and a glass of water. Candies in Matabeleland are 31s. a- box; eggs are 5s. a dozen; and Butter is 4s. a pound. It is palculated that 33 per cent, of the cigars sold in London are not tirade of tobacco at all. "Tommy" Hudson has added an other word to the much" oppressed English language—" Quintosity." The marriage ceremony of a Japanese bride is not complete until she has washed the feet of the bridegroom. The world's blind is computed to number one million, or one sightless] person to every 1,400 inhabitants. There will soon be a tussle as to who is going to boss the City Council —Town Glerk Worsnop or City Surveyor Vickars. The Mayor of Gawler objects to ex-Mayor Cox being styled 'his "esteemed friend." Do they not speak as they pass by ? Corsets have been found on the waists of Egyptian mummies. And Harry Dean will swear to you that they bore the PD brand. " Pencil," in the Kapunda Herald, has the audacity to suggest that the Police News is the favorite literature of many of our public men. The Plain Dealer is surprised that our publip men who are telling Quiz their literary tastes do not aver their love for the Dead Bird order of literature. The Duke of Devonshire and Joe Chamberlain have at last found their true positions in a Conservative Ministry. Their Liberal beliefs were not even skin deep. A lady in the dress circle one even ing last week amused herself during the intervals by dropping lollies on the heads of some friends in the stalls. Name known. Lacrosse is becoming quite a popular game in South Australia. Quiz willingly accepts an offer from a correspondent to supply tips for forth coming matches. Alphabetical Johnson, M.P., is still devoting some of his spare cash to the development of the gold-mining in dustry at Woodside.' The general elections are at hand. The Rev. W. B L. Hawkins, of Bryanston Square, London, whose collection of watches and snuffboxes after a nine days' auction realized close upon £15,000, was 93 years old. It is stated that there are not three men out of the 125 members of the New South Wales House of Assembly who ever overstep the bounds of moderation in alcoholic drinking. A New Zealand S. M., referring to spies employed by the police to catch publicans tripping, said he " could not believe them on oath." One of the spies was named Charles Cameron. Lord Roberts says that the position of the private soldier to-day is much better than that of a mechanic, for at the age of 36 he can retire on a pension of from 2s. to 4s. 6d. a day. English Judges and lawyers have left off taking snuff. Lord Chief Justice Russell is the only judicial "snuffer" left. Well, it's a good thing that one dirty habit is dying opt. In Persia the women of fashion ornament their faces by painting upon them figures of insects and small animals. Just fancy kissing a woman who had drawn a flea on her chin! Alderman Tomkinson says he keeps enough money in the Savings Bank to provide for his decent burial. It is evident that the Alderman does not expect his remains to be accorded a State funeral. Kadina Plain Dealer styles the policy debate " A platitudinous com pendium of verbosity intermingled with electioneering trickery." The ghost of P. B. Coglin must have joined the literary staff. It is rumored that one of our Lieutenant-Colonels, finding his occupa tion gone, intends to apply for the Duke of Cambridge's billet. He is not afraid of damp weather, and has a voice like a foghorn. At least four locally written and composed operas—"Sylvia," "Dimple's Lovers," " Immomeena," and " The Brigands of Barcelona"—have been produced in Adelaide, and that has been the last of them. Hew Zealand prohibitionists have made a catch. Detective Henderson, of Christchurch, has publicly sworn off alcohol. Local abstainers will now be seeking to get Commissioner Peters wald to take the pledge. An unmarried lady whose name begins with B will seek election for the district of West Adelaide next year. Being single it is to be pre sumed that she will oppose Mr. Batchelor and not Mr. Kingston. When a m^n rushes at you in the street, effusively grasps your hand, and remarks that it is an age since he last saw you, it will be just as well to recollect that you have just parted with your last cent to your tailor. The bicycle bell is a trifle annoying, And yet I must hasten to tell That a pleasure which never my senses is cloying Is found in a bicycle belle. —P. The writer of the city letter to the Bunyip has got mixed up. He talks about Mr. Justice Boucaut's contri butions to Quiz being made known through the agency of a compositor. Of course he is referring to the Penny Harry. A portrait of the racehorse For tunatus, now in India, has been executed by Mrs. Lermitte, wife of Dr. Lermitte, of Adelaide, and it is now on exhibition in Melbourne. The critics speak most highly of Mrs. Lermitte's work. The-Japanese infantry are attired in clothes made of paper, brilliantly colored, and fastened with china buttons. The soldiers prefer, them to any others because of their lightness and the ease with which they can be replaced when worn out. D wight L. Moody, the evangelist, recently celebrated his 58th birthday, and on the same day his mother attained the age of 90 years in her house in East, Northfield, Massa chusetts, where she has lived for sixty six years. The old lady is in good health. The number of parsons at the Oval at the Anglican v. Methodist—beg pardon, St. Peters v. Prince Alfred football match, gave the gathering the appearance of a funeral ceremony. The rival clerics did not mix. Anglicanism and Methodism kept at a distance. In the French Savings Banks at the end of every 30 years money unclaimed during that time is equally divided half of it going to the State and half to charitable societies. The year before such appropriation takes place . the Banks publish a complete list in the official journals. t The Mutual Provident Messenger, an interesting little journal published quarterly by the Australian Mutual Provident Society, has been received ; also the manuscript newspaper issued by Our Boys' Institute ; and the forty fifth annual report of the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce. The Duke of Cambridge, who on rainy days reviewed the British Army under shelter of an umbrella,' has been Commander-in-Chief of Great Britain for "39 years. And yet though he handed in his resignation he expected that the representatives of a grateful country would go on their knees and implore him to withdraw it. Few people know that a part of the duty of the City Council in the annual inspection of the city is an examina tion of houses in which ladies of easy virtue live. It is surprising how some of the City Fathers enjoy these ex cursions, and how they dig each other in the ribs, and chuckle, and wink knowingly. Giddy old boys 1 Sir tS Salmon" Wilson, who has now quitted this world of millionaires and misery, leaves nothing but his money behind to keep him in our memory. He thought that by purchasing Hughenden some of the glory of Beaconsfield would envelop him, but he only impressed the English people as a vulgar, pompous, and purse-proud personage. He was mean too. A relative of his who managed three important stations only received £300 a year. lue itev. J ames JbUcklord, who died last week, had been preaching for the Wesleyans for nearly sixty years. He was a somewhat egotistical and dog matical old gentleman, very fond of giving advice to young ministers, and rather indignant if the advice were not acted upon. Still, he was in the main kind-hearted. Mr.Bickford was a great admirer of v Gladstone, and received more than one letter from the British statesman. His auto biography is interesting reading despite a very lavish use of a personal pronoun. Mr. W. Keetley, who died the other day aged 72 years, was not known to fame. In fact he was only a philosophical shoemaker, but those who had the privilege of his acquain tance enjoyed many an hour in his Society. The old gentleman, who was almost a vegetarian, held strongly socialistic views, but his doctrines were of a purely brotherly nature, and he was never heard to say an unkind word of anybody, while - he was worshipped by children. Mr. Keetley had rooms at Paddock Chambers, and the hale, hearty, jovial old man will be greatly missed by residents in the neighborhood. 