TOLD BY A LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. 4f My man, do you wont a berth ?" said he. 44 Aye, aye, cappen," said I. 44 1 want one badly. I'm half-starved and half-frozon," He mado no answer, but just a sign to follow him. and bo stalked away and I pegged after him. Ho kept close along the 6horo as wo walked, and lor a while ho snid nothing. At last, however, he turned and poiuted seaward. 44 You 8eo that?" said be. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rook. 44 I'm tho keeper," said he. 41 1 want you to conk my meals and keep my bachelor's hall for me. Now and then i shall want you to row in Ind buy provisions. Tho work won't , be bard, a think tho pay will suit you, Do you know why I chose you ? " . "No, cappen," said I. 44 Bcccuse I saw thnt hope was at an end with you," he said. 44 It's only a man who had como to that who could livopvifeh mo in a lighthouse." 41 1 was on a desert 'island once," said I. "After that I shan t be afraid of a lighthouse." I'd been in a lighthouse beforo ; it was no new thing to nio hut after I'd been there a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was like being pensioned off ; there was nothing to do. But, mark yc, when it came night, and the wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamps wore lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all tho sound wo heard was the swash, sweat), swash of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called mo to sit 'along with' him, That TooKert sociable, but I can't say he did. He sat glowering over bis lass for a whito, and oponiog his mouth ns if to speak, and shutting it ugain. Then said he : 44 What's your name ?" 44 Ben Dare," said I. 44 Would you mind calling yourself Brqco?" he asked. 4 I've no reason to bo ashamed of my name," 8nidl. 44 Look hero," said be, 44 1; am a gentleman boru and bred. I novcr came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what I uican. If «iiy strangers como out hero to ask- for William Br«ce, why, you can lay you are the m»n. You claim lo be lightbousc-kecpcr. It's easy. I don't suppose much company will call, but I choose not to sen thorn, if they do. That's what I hired you for." 44 Oh," said I. 44 You see," said he, 14 1 got this place through a rich man who had influence. Those who gavo it to mo never siiw me If I die some day, why, hero you are in the place. If I go otf, and I may, here you are still until then. I'll pay you well, and vou know your duties." 4 Well, it's shamming.1' said I, 44 but, after all, what does one care what my name is, and what shall I call you ?" 4 Cull me nothing," said he. 14 Call mo Cap tain, as you did when I met you, but never speak of nie fo any oue," Gentleman or no, ho wasn't lazy. He didn't care how he worked. Tho lamps were as bright ilr jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower But lot any boat como nigh us, away ho went and hid himself, and came out with u white, scared face and a shaking hand. At night he was afraid to go up to the lamps nlono, and he'd look over his shoulder aud turn whito as wo stood together At lust he took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voice : 44 Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?" 44 1 liavn't considered the question," I answered. 44 Well," said he, softlier than before, "look into that corner," and h» poiuted. I looked. " Don't you see anything ?" he asked. 44 No," suit! I ; "no, Cappen." 44 Ah," he muttered, 44 very well, very well. I'm glud you drtn't." But that wasn't nothing to what happened the very next night. We shpt in two bunks nigh each other, and naturally when he woko up with a yell 1 woke, too. He was shrieking and shaking und wringing bin bunds. 4 The woman ! the woman ! " he said. 44 Sho stood her just uow, all red with blood, it drip ped down the white rufilus. It dripped oil her hands. Step her ! stop hor ! She h&s; gone to call them. Stop her ! stop her !" 44 Where did she go?" I asked. He stored at ine with his wide open eyes, all the wliit-o showing, below and above. 14 She couldn't have been hero," said he. 44 It was aUream;"" 44 Lord love you— a nigbtraarep sald'Ir - So ive went asleep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grow used to her. The Cuppen, as I called him, gob to be worse and worse every day. I wanted to go ashore and fclch the doctor, but bu would not hear of it He raved if I tried tu leave him. At lost there came a hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, and a dead calm at night. About dark thu Cappen went to sleep, and I went and sut whore I could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear tbut I could hear the sailors in n Spanish ship moored not far away singing iu their foreign lingo. And I was sort of quiet and dreamy liko. when something happeued that waked me mighty wide and sudtlenv Something was standing on tlie steps below me, something came toward ine. It was a little slender figure, with long hair all about its shoulders. I couldn't see its face. I don't think I really saw it plainly nt all. But it went pust me softly while t looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffied gown, and that she had gone to tho room whore my master lay. I shook tou hard for a moment to move ; but as soon as I could I started up to go to him. Just then a voice cried : 44 Lighthouse, ahoy !" I answered, 44 Aye, aye,'' and stepped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. A boat lay nt tho foot of the steps, and four meu jumped out of it. 44 We want William Brace, keeper of this lighthouse," said ono, a big man in a linen over coat. 44 I'm ono that answers to tho name," says I. He swung a lante rn over my bead. 44 Search tho place, my raoii," said he. There war no use saying anything, but I did try to slop them. 41 I've got a sick friend aloft," says I. > 44 Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, he's so low." 44 Whut woman?" arid he. 44 Tho one that cama aboard with you, sir,'| said I. " No woman camo with us," be snarled, 44 Stand aside. Men, do your duty." They went upstiirs. I followed. I saw them walk into tho Cappun's room. I heard tlicm cty out and stand still. When I got to the dour th(y stood in a row looking down on the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman couldn't frighten tho Cappen more. Ho was doad: "What had he done ?" I asked the officer, 44 Killed his wife," said he, 44 that's all. No doubt sbo deserved it; but it's not allowed by law when thoy do." 44 God help him," said I. 