Social Miseries. Salvation Amy Remedies Address by General Booth, General Booth addressed a vory largo moot ing in tho Opera House, last night, on " Social Miseries and Thoir Remedies." Tho stalls were packed, tho family circle crowded, nnd tho dress circle and pit wofi filled, whilo tho stage wus occupied by army officers and tbo Guards Band. Tho Colonial Smralurv /ttmi. tt tatm. M.L. A.) was in tho chair, and thero wore also on tho platform tho Revs. E. Youngman (presi dent of tho Wesley an Conference), H. Young- man, J. Bowos, W. "Whale, and T. Loitch, Mr. P. Pinnoolc, P.M., and Mrs. Pinnook, and Aid. J. A. Clark. Tlio Chiof Justico (Sir Samuel Griffith) was in ono of the boxes, and Mr. T. Finnoy and a party woro in another. , Commissioner Coombs conducted tho devo tional preliminaries. Tho CixAiBXAN, who was received with warm applnuso, said that four years ngo ho had tho opportunity of performing a similar func tion to that which ho had undertaken that night. Ho was then one of those who assisted in welcoming Gonoral Booth on his first visit to Brisbano. Ho now congratulated tho Queens land branoh of tho army on his return, and as a member of tho Government lie welcomed lxim to this country. (Applause.) It was a matter for great satisfaction that tho army in Queens- . land woro ablo to see tho General ugain, and it was a sourcoof satisfaction to all Qucenslanders to know that ho came among them a Bccond time so well and strong— (applAuso)— considering tho immonso amount of work ho had accomplished during tho post four years. (Applause.) Gonoral Booth had a mcssago to tell them, and ho would not delay its dolivcry ; hat ho had a short mossago for tho Gonoral. Tbo message was that during tho tirao that had elapsed sinoo his first visit his army hud assisted tho Government by thoir good works. (Ap- Eluusc.) Thoy had, for instance, materially olpod tho department which ho adminis tered in connection with certain of its branches— namely, tho care of tho fliok and tho destitute, and thoso who had beon in prison. Tho army's Prison Gate Brigado was now an established institution in Queensland, and year by year Parliament voted money to assist it without ono single word of coromont. (Applause.) As ono who had travolled through tho country ho could also toll tho Gonoral that tho members of the army had been loyal, law-abiding, honest citizens. (Applause.) That testimony ho gavo from knowledgo which ho possessed, par ticularly us tho Minister who had ohargo of the polico. From all sources ho had heard of tlio co-operation rondored to tho polioo in their work by members of the Salvation Army. (Applauso.) Tho subjeot upon whioh tho Gonerul was to speak that night was ono of deep concern to all of them, and ho hoped tho General would givo them some information as te tho work carriod on in othor lunds during tho last four years. Ho could assuro him thoy would all he interested in that, and lio did liopo that tho General's colony or colonies of mercy would bo extended throughout the longth and hrendtli of tho ompire. (Applause.) Ho wished tho General hearty good wishes on behalf of all Queensland. Ho hoped that his stay here might ho- comfort&blo;, and that on his return to England ho would find woll and prosperous all ho had loft behind him when ho commenced his second tour round tho world. (Applauso.) General Booth, who was received with pro longed cheering, said that tho subject bo was to Bpcak on that night was intimately asso ciated not only with tlio wolfaro of Great Britain, but also with that of tho whole civilised world. Ho thanked tho Colonial Secretary for tho report ho had givon as to the conduct of his people in Queensland, and ho hoped thoy would continue to ho what ho dofjignod thom to he — a sort of assistant, spiritual polico for tho znaintenunco of law and order and happiness in tho country. His subjeot, as ho had indicated, was a very largo ono, and his audionco was a miscellaneous ono, whilo whut ho had te say was associated very closely with the Salvation Army. Ho sometimes wished that iiLtalkingubout remedy ing sooial evils ho could dissociate himself from the army, so that ho might perhaps bo re garded more fully as an impartial judge, whioh ho thought he truly was. But there ho was, a Salvationist, from top to toe. Every hair ou his head — and he was not bald yet — and overy drop of blood in his veins— and his blood was still thicker than water — belonged to tho army. Ho be hoved in his own people and in his own concern. His soldiers wero of tho very best sort God Al mighty had on tho earth. (Applauso.) Tho sooial miseries, whioli ho was going to talk about, woro thoso which bolonged to what wore called tho lowor strata of humanity, whoso condition was ono of helplessness and hopelessness. Tho rich had help in their troubles, but those te whoso misories his attention had boon specially directed, nnd for tho removal of which his lifo was consecrated, woro helpless, tiod hand and foot. Ho would not talk to tho people of Queensland in any sense of dictation. Ho had come to tell them what ho hud soon and what his heart had hied for, and what existed around about them even in their own fuir, sunny, young laud. Ho would speak to them us to wise men, and ask them to hear him and judge on what ho said. Nor would ho speak in any spirit of depreciation of work done by other organisations, or say that wis dom lived aud died with tho Salvation Army. There wero thoso who thought that the reformation of existing sooial conditions would be brought about only by revolutionary legis lation. Ho wus not unfriondly to Parliaments and municipal or other bodies which wero striving to improvo tho condition of their fellow- men. Some persons who hud givon thoir uttontion to tho qucstiou of social miseries objected that his remedies wore only ameliorative, and would only postpono the groat social revolution which was te introduco tho mil lennium. His uohomo had been described us hodgo-podgo, nnd by one person us Irish stow. All lie could say to that was that on a cold day, when a man had had nothing to oat for 24 hours, a good Irish stow was an oxcellont stay for the atomaoli. (Laughter.) His Irish stow might como in vory useful until lus critios had rump steak and sirloins und roast turkoy ready for thoso starving pcoplo. In tho mcantimo ho would go along with his amelioration, and ho oontonded that his 8ohemo contained tho germs of the surest and safest social revolution that could take place. Ho was satisfied with tlio results of his experiments so fur as thoy had gone. Four or fivo years ugo ho wont outside the Salvation Army world— whioh was a big world oven then1— and looked for tho sorrows of tho world. Ho found them in nhundunco, and ho was struok -with tho thought, "What oan .bo done to help P To answer thut quostion was why he stood there that night. Thoro wero three classes to ho holpcd, tho destitute, tho vioious, and tho criminal. "When ho pondered o\i the question, Cannot wo help these oIussqb ? ho was often impressed with the further ques tion, Who cares? A momentary ripplo upon tho emotioual surfaco of tho mind wus almost all ono could hopo for, after which in camo tho rattlo of tho world's machinery or tho small cares of lifo, und tho poor lost creatures slipped out of sight, and tho world wont on as beforo. He would not get anyone in that audionce to help him in his orusado of holx> unless ho could mako an impres sion as to tho misories of tho people ho was talking about. .Ho must take the audienco to tho vergo of tho pit of sorrows and hid them look over. First of all thoy would sco tho Bkoloton forms of tho multitude of pcoplo who woro dying of slow starvution. Nono of his hearers hud known whut hunger was sinoo thoy wore children and woro always hungry. Queens- landers hungry, who hud 5£ meals n day on suspicion of being hungry within tho next throo days ! (Laughter.) Thon thero wero tho homoioss. And &U; around tho abyss woro thousands just hunging on, who, whon somo long striko took plnoo, or thoir employers failed, or a long frost or drought onmo, would also slip in. He would bo told that this was in tho old country, but ho ,liad found vico in South Africa, slums in Melbourne, an army of tho workless in tho United States. Destitution and crime and vico were everywhere. In Aus tralia thoy had tho seeds germinating, nnd there were forces at work watering and manur ing them, and thero would bo a harvoat to bo reaped not very far away in tho future. His officers had boon tolling him stories about tho drunkenness among tho shearers in tho book blooks and . tho miners on tho goldfiolds of Queensland, und ho supposed somo storios , could bp told of drunken uro in Brisbane that would mako tno angels weep. DranKonness was very wicked, no doubt, hub when tho groat boa constriotor, drink, got hold of a man he was helpless. Thon there wus a class thut was solaom named from the pulpit or tho platform —the poor lost women. Some ono would say, Oh, General, would you smooth the puth to vico? No, ho would mako it rougher if ho could, hut if any ono was doing wrong and wanted to turn hook ho would mako tho path to right-doing smoother. (Applauso.) All he usked was that fallen men and women should have the same treatment us fallon ouh horses, and ho helped to thoir feet again without question as to who tlioy wore or whether tlicy had fallen hccauso of their own fault. Next ho oumo to tho criminal olussos. Ho was not thoro us repro- sonting tho submerged olusses of Great Britain only, but tho submerged classes of tho wide wfao world. Ho belonged to now Britain as much as to the old, and when he wont to the United States ho was a Yankee, of tho first water. (Laughter.) In his interview with the Government that day tho talk turned on manufactures, and if boots woro not too humble a subjeot to talk about to tho Cabinet they werouot too humble a subject for him. to mention to thoso before him. He did not know who mado the chairman's hoots hut he would hook his own against them. (Laughter.) And ho would buck his hoots at 2 to 1 against those of tho clergy on tho platform. (Loud laughter.) Porhaps ho should not hot, but he believed it was Oup;duy, and ho would stand to his offer, tho stako to go to tho collection. (Renewed laughter.) His boots wore mado by a discharged gaol bird, ono of tho many who had beeu got hold of by tho army's PriAon Gate Brigade. That man was now in business for liimsolf. As to their duty, ho could imagino their blessed Lord pointing to tlio sub merged olnsses, and saying, "Thero is your neighbour." It might not be convenient for them to find thoir neighbour out, not consistent with their high respectability. But if thoy did not like tlio trouble, und woro not adopts at pouring in oil und wino and sticking on plaistor, tho Salvation Army would .do that for thom, only thoy must pay the twoponco. (Laughter and appluuHo.) Thoy would havo to do something or suffor the consequences. Times woro coming that were torriblo to con template. Ho thought sometimes that tho prediction of ono of tlio profoundest politicians of Franco would yet ho fulfilled, that if the closo of tho eighteenth century was a terror the olose of the nineteenth century would bo a horror. Somo ono said, "How can this ho avoided?" Ho would mention the lines on which he thought delivoranco could bo effected, and ho desired his plans to be looked at and defects in them pointed ont. Ho was getting an old mail now, though they worked liim ns a young ono. Tlio shudows of his eartlily oxistenoo were beginning to lengthen. Not many years, perhaps not many months, woro at his uorvico. One of tho greatest forces of the world was at his command. Tho oauso ho was working in deserved all that forco, and therefore it would be ton thousand pities if he was pursuing a will-o'-the-wisp to land in disap pointment. Cortain principles had to bo observed in helping tbo submerged. They must bring to hear an amount of skill nnd ability propor tionate to tho work to bo done. It was at tho bottom that tho weakness lay. If they monded tho bottom they would improvo tho top. Thoy had had a groat deal of poetry, and prose, and plans about tho matter, though not too much, hut the tiino hud now oomo for tho nutionH to rise upanddealwiththequeations. ThoSalvation Army' s scheme for the purpose was only fi voyeurs old, hut thoy already had a small army of 1,800 men and women who had separated themselves und wero devoting themselves to tho business. Ho wanted not only 1,800 bnt 18,000, and 1,800 thousand. People would say, " See what it will cost." Well he could tell them how tho work could he paid for, und a profit made out of it. Thut very day the army was fcediug, up and down tlio world, 90,000 hungry men, womon, and children. They did not demoralise them by giving indiBeriminate charity. Tho people assisted either paid or worked for what they received. Beforo criminals could he helped they had to ba roformed, and before thoy could help tho loafer thoy must mako him work. Tho array had already done u good deal in these directions. Sixty per cent of tho criminal classes doalt with by them wore now earning an honest livelihood ; drunkards hud hceu reformed, not because thoy could not got drink, but because they had been delivered from tho appetite for it ; 7o per cent of tho fallen women received in 3 .years wero now walking in tho paths of virtue; and 75 per cent of men and women who had tho roputation of being idle wero found to bo perfeotly willing to work. As to tho other 25 per cent of the latter class, tlio Btato would soou have to take stops to compel thom to work. His last point was that tho submerged classes, having beon reclaimed, must ho found somo honourable form of earning a livelihood. There was ahundanco of room in tho world for doublo its pre sent populatiou to obtain a livelihood. His sohemo camo down to threo parts — first, tho gathering of tho submerged; Bccond, thoir training on tho industrial farm ; and third, the transfer to the colony ovorsea. In regnrd to tho colony, pcoplo would like te know wlicro it was going to bo. Ho did not know. Ho had not yot found his Canaan. Ho thought ho would in tho end havo to go hack to his old lovo, Soutli Africa. Sho was bluok, hut comely. (Laughter.4) Ho thought Soutli Africa would win tho day, hut he was still open to offers from any other pretty girl. (Laughter.) Ho often thought ho was somothing liko Moses, only that Moses did not know where ho was going. But Mosos got a look at tho lantl of promiso from Pisgah, and ho did not know thut ho evor Bhould. Still he could not holp thinking that tho Almighty Father would ho good to him and let him see thousands of people at his colony oversea. Ho had tho conlidonoo of thousands of peoplo in all tho countries of Europe, and lie was as good an immigration agent as somo ho had known ; aud that tho chairman had known too. (Laughter.) Ho boliovcd that tho State he had in view was going to ho created, and that tho peoplo were going to bo a peoplo uuder tho power of God, tho lovo of Christ, and tho holp of tho Holy Ghost. His position iu rogard to tho soheme was that bo wus givon 13112,000. Ho wont to work, and spent und pushed his sohomo along, hut tho public, whom ho had asked for £30,000 a year, forgot him, and wont after somo now toy, tho Diviuo Sarah, or some thing. (Laughtor.) Thoy loft him high and dry ; then thoy said, Whero is tlio colony oversea ? Ho wont on and spent monoy, and tho sohomo wub at tho prosont moment some thing liko £60,000 in debt. Whon ho was in Araoricu ho hopod to got tho monoy ho wanted from somo of tho millionaires thoro, but ho did not. Ho lmd had somo wonderful oxporionoes, liowovor, iu regard to donations, and ho was confident ho would get tho monoy ho wanted. Ho had not oomo to Australia for monoy, because tho money raised here was spent hero ; hut ho know lie would get what ho required from somo bourco. After speaking for about an hour and three-quarters, Gonoral Booth rosumcd his scat amid loud and oontiuued applauso. A vote of thanks to tho Goneral, moved by Mr. Finnooie, and seconded by Aid. Clabe, was carried by acolumation. Gonoral Booth, in reply, said he wished goodbye to Brisbano with much rogret. Ho could novor forgot tho hearty rocoptiou he received horo four ycara ago, and tho sympa thetic manner in whioh his plans wero dis cussed by leaders of publio opinion on thnt occasion. Ho hoped thoir hearts woro still in tho right plaoo and thoir sympathies in tho same direction. In conclusion ho moved and seconded a vote of thanks to tlio Colonial Sooretary for presiding. Tho vote wus carried " double handed." Tho Ciiaiuuan, in roply, said that no thanks woro requirod for Ills attendance. That was the third occasion on whioh ho had offioially como forward to ondorso tho work of tho Salvation Army in Queensland. That night's proceedings had beon most refresh ing to him. After listening for four months to tho overlasting or y for State aid and support, it wus refreshing to hoar from the lips of ono who hud had such oxporionoo that the true method was for pcoplo to holp them selves. (Applause.) Tho Rov. w. Whale pronounced tho bono- diotion, and tho meeting thon terminated 