TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. Bt " Nunquam Dokmio." Maiuf.n ni'KDLK I'Otisi'JerPd very open, Slnss 'ovivan Prinue, ^ui'stinu, Pirot and Komsdal i'hvIi being stoutly supported, and the winner eventually turning "P in Borderer. JJoHUEKiiH is a five or six year-old bay preldinp hi* Alhury from Polly, hailing from the Hendigo district, belli:* owned by Mr. J. Iieffernan, jua., and being ridden by "Jerry "Tie. As he ivai an unknown quantity, and as so linny others were looked upon by lheir respective supporters ill the light of " dead bird?," the Iiendig'Miinns were oniblnd to get a nice little stake ab.mt liim down to 10 to 1. The Messrs. T. P. and.!. 0. Manifold's threeyear-old e»lt. Pivot (by Swireller—Wild Kose) 'm-ideav^ry bold bid for victory in the last furlong ; but J. Barbour found a worthy foeman in Tie, who f-urly lifted his mount along. and secured the victory by half-a-length ; Sylvan Prince being third "a length away, followed by Romsdal, Moss K>se and Lord Il<<pe in order; time. :S-mn. 50^sei!. 1 fancy llomsdal (a foui-year-old by Boolka lrjm Wilara; will repay following. Pi.'N'Teus were evidently tied up hi a KNOT as to the respective merits of Toe Chevalier (7.7), with tjtevenson up. and Balance IS.12), with 11. Morrison in the pigskin,for the six furlong dash of the I wo-Year-Old Handicap; and ultimately the pair went out at 5 to 1 each, whilst Mn'e found suppoit at 7's. Fieda and 'JVeutina at S's, and Ually and I'r.e Parisieune at Id's. Tmf.m: were the Known Quantities, so to speak: but there were those '-onversant, of doings on the Fieiniugton trainiui track who were, much impressed with the fact that 31b. overweight was ln-ing put up on the back of the Unknown Quantity, Legacy, so as to enable her to secure the'servicesjof that excellent light-weight I.-iwis A i/nifiKTHER that only brought Leiracy's weight up to li.l" ; and towards the fag end of the iourney. when V.I began to tell its inevitable tale on The I'arisienne. whilst. Bilance was struggling uianfullv under 8 12. Legacy fairly romped under her moderate impost, and won easily by a length and a-half from The Parisienne, who in turn held a similar advantage over Balance-, the time being luiin. HHsec. Lf.'jacv is by Nwvninster from B^llissiina, and started at the very luuiuiiwatm" odds of 12 to 1. .She is an inmate of K. M'Kenna's stable, and is pretty generally credited with belonging to a well-known patron of that stable whose dad was a stalwart knight. The Emilyville trainer had not been under For! line's smiles for many months before; but now the unlucky spell has been broken we shall doubtless find the black jacket and red cap equally as dangerous again as of yore. Oi*T of the eight who started for the Maiden Steeplechase, of about two miles, no less than five came to grief, thor.; being only three left in it six furlongs from home. As a matter of fact, there were only Two in it, as Queen B. couldn't pace with either Mercury or Baltoro, who rose together at the last obstacle. Up the straight it looked as if it was a desperately close thing between the pair, and the fact that Judge M'CuIIocIi'e fiat was only in favour of Baltoro by a long neck, with Queen B. twenty lengths off third, would seem to accentuate the fact; but Alf. Williams had Mercury's strength gauged to an "aSigraph," and had he wanted he could have, won by lengths, the time being 4-min. 25sec. Pai.toko is a six-year-ild or aged gelding by Well^sley from Sylvan, and is the property of Mr. G. Russell. lie is engaged in the Grand National Steeplechase next Saturday at it.12, and (barring accident) is almost certain to render an excellent account of himself therein. Ui6 starting price for the Maiden Steeplechase was 5 to 1 ; Hector (who toppled over at the thiid obstacle) being favourite at 2's. It was a beautiful Kaleidoscopic Effect (what price, me ?) as the twenty-two contestants in the lirand National Hurdle Race crowded up the straight the first time on their three-mile journey; albeit., to my mmd, that first hurdle was altogether Unclose to the starting place, and likely to bring horses down through coming on to it before they had got fairly settled down to their stride. However, there was no contretemps there; nor would theie have been at all had it not been for two or three dogs (notably one fox terrier) " stravaiging " on to the running ground whilst 1he horses were going round,and being responsible f'T Oarsman, Ij)ap Yeir and Eyry falling. Thf.he-' no two ways about it, this Dog Nuisance is getting altogether too pronounced on race days at Fleinington, and it will be just as well if some troopers are specially engaged to scour round and " potany canines found straying round promiscuously on any part of the course. At the terrific pace Kangaroo II . Gratiano, The Provost and liischoff in turn brought the field along last Saturday, it was kittle Short of a Miracle that the presence of doge on the course didn't result in a general smash-up. Now that attention has been drawn to the subject, I have no doubt proper precautions will be taken to guard against such a contingency happening in future. Well, the story of the race for the Y.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race is a matter of history now. Neither Apsley, Neli, Ripple, Uisckoff nor any of the others had the ghost of a chance against Emmalea. as she was ridden by J. E. Brewer; the fact that the five-year-old daughter of The Gondolier and Maryland secured her Fifth Consecutive Victory over hurdles on Saturday proving to demonstration what a Terrible Bloomer her breeder—the Hon. George Davis—committed when he allowed such a Veritable Gold Mine to go out of his possession, Emmalea started at fi <o J, and won with consummate ease by two lengths and a-half from Woonoke.upon whom Tie again rode a beautifullypatient race. Woonoke was half-a-lengtb in front of Muscovite, three-quarters of a length behind whom came Bisclioff, with Kapo fifth. The time being ornin. 55isec. Kipi'lb, who was backed down to 4 to J prior to the fall of the flag, tailed to sustain the strain approaching the turn for home, where llrewer first made bis effort with Emmalea, and the list. Tib. placed on Chesterman's back was quite sufficient to account for his being a wretched last. Speculation was extremely rife over the final event, the Winter Handicap, of a mile and a- quarter, Warfare finishing up favourite at ,5 to 2, Taupo being at. 4's, King Orry at S's, Mountaineer at G's, and The Admiral, Vindication and Tireuseat Si's. Mr. S. G. Cook had two iu it. and sending young Hicliin to the front on The Meiry Girl, The Admiral kept laying dark on the weather bow until well into the straight, when Bertie Holmes brought the oid fellow along with a "swishI" sufficient to land him a long neck in advance of King Orry, a head behind whom came tfie favourite, with T.'reusn fourth and Carlton fifth; the time being 2min, laj sec.: TheAdmiral carried 9 9; King Orry, 8.0 ; and Warfare, 7.5. 1'hk Admiual's victory in the Winter Handicap penalises him 31b. in the Caulfield Cup (making his weight therefor1.1). and olb. in the Melbourne Cup (in which he will have to put up 9.5 it he starts). Thkkk was a Marked Improvement iu The Admiral's display in the Winter Handicap last Saturday (when he staited at Eight to One) in comparison to his Rearward Position in the Birthday Handicap, on the 2Uh May, when Two to One was difficult to obtain about him—except in some presumably well-informed quarters. And, with all due deference to Mr. S. G. Cook's opinions, lam very firm in the faith that had the Totalisator been in use at Flemington on the Queen's Birthday, Th" Admiral would have proved himself more " Loyal'' to his supporters on that occasion. I don't say that be Would Have Beaten Best Bower; but most decidedly He Would Not Have Finished Last But One. It was quite refreshing to see a number of our New South Wales friends—lorn Payten, Hill Kelso, J. M'Sweeney, Charley Westbrook and ethers—assisting at our Grand National fixture on Saturday ; and although they haven't succeeded in scoring as yet, Brooklyn, Dart, Bush Boy and Co. performed quite meritoriously enough to allow of a forecast being made as to possible eventualities in the immediate future The New South Wales sports J have named don't usually put their fingers into a bee's nest where there isn't any honey. No, siree ! Outsiders cropped-up lour times out of five last Saturday, and may again next Saturday, when the Y.R.C. Grand National meeting will be brought to a close. At the time of writing I like best—Open Hurdle Race : Ripi>lk or Emmalfa Lawn Handicap : Tri-ntjna or The Parisiknnb. Grand National Steeplechase: Daimio or Baltouo. July Handicap: Warfare or Tikeuke. Open Steeplechase : Walter or Mon Ami, SIepsks. Oxenham and " The Count" report .— Since Grand National Hurdle Race settling betting world very lively; principal lines Grand National Steeple, Caulfield Cup, and the double Caulfield and Melbourne Cups; latter double very popular with the public at £1000 to 1. Following lines laid straight out on G.N. Steeple: —1100 to 200 Daimio, 1000 to 110 each Floater and Baltoro, 1000 to 80 each Medicine, Cerberus, Dart and Knebsworth, 1000 to <i0 Strike and Moondah. Caulfield Cup met with some speculations as follows .—2000 to 90 Atlas, 2000 to 70 Eindsforde, 2000 to 70 Brilliant, 2000 to 00 each Best Bower, Laundress and Hortensius, 4(100 to 100 Te Whiti, 1000 to 2o Damper. Caulfield and Melbourne Cup Double: —5000 to fi Ruenalf and Atlas, 5000 to 5 To Wbiti and Atlas, 5000 to 5 Te Whiti and Rewi, 7000 to 7 Laundress and Atlas, 5000 to 5 Laundress and Dreamland, 5000 to 5 Idolater and Atlas, 5000 te 5 Idolater and Dreamland. Victorian Derby betting very tame, have laid a little against Wallace, Bob Ray, Challenger and Auraria. Have laid the following straight out for the Mellym rne Cup .*—2(K)0 to 70 each Dreamland and Atlas, 2000 to <30 each Harvester, Taranaki and Delaware, 4000 to 100 Bewi, 1000 to 60 Patron 1000 to 30 Auraria, 2000 to 50 Tne Trier. Th ere's something graver than a possibility that Carbine will not prove an unqualified success at the Welbeck Stud. A number of his progeny in Victoria are bent in the front "understandings," and if this disability increases as " Old Jack" becomes more seasoned, it will be a sad reverse for His Grace of Portland. Had it not been for the defect being pronounced when the Lerderberg yearlings were submitted by auction I have been given to understand that a syndicate were prepared to purchase the whole of the Carbine colts, and slnp them as a speculation for sale iu England. After inspection, though, the scheme was abandoned. GOOD Old " Centaur's Index," replete, with memories of its founders—R. P. Hurren and Albert Jones—is once more fresh from the Press. As of yore, the " Colonial Robert " captures the brochure, and if it was worth it in years gone by, it has (I feel convinced), like good wine, grown mellower with age. Quite distinct from "Centaur's" or "Miller's Sporting Pamphlet" is Australian " Form at a Glance," published by the well known firiu of Gordon and Gotcli, This aptly-named vo'le mecum has Special Attributes of its own, which will doubtless commend themselves to would-be students of the racing form of the horses entered for the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup; in its case also the sum of Is. being sufficient to secure a record of information regarding placed performances equally as creditable to the Printer as to the Compiler. And that's no small compliment, I can assure vou. 