THREE MILE PUBLTC LIBRARY. (FROSI OUR OWN /CORRESPONDENT, y ; The en ertiin neht for -the; benefit of the Tores 'Mile Public: Lib/ary, which came off on the evening of Tuesday, last,-, was successful-iu ah eminent degree. A; lartrer audience -.never? assembled in the Public Hall for the purpose of . being en tertained ; while the results altogether cannot but be beneficial in no ordiuary measure to the library. .-The performances of all - kinds were' carried out;, with verve aud skill, and well deserved 'the frequent applause of the audience. The following is as complete a programme of the entire proceedings as lam able to give : — Instru mental, the Messrs. Lack, with Aliss Ada Lack at the piano, " Chante D'Amour openiitg chorus by the full hand of V.V.C. Minstrels, consisting of Messrs. Brown, Lee Walker, H. Price, Brockelb ink. Rose, R. and C. Al'Intosh ; ;Alr. Lee Walker, "My Litrla Oit-s at Home ;' Air. H. Price,- " A Little More Cider.;" Mr. R MTntosh, " The Silent Smithy ;" Mr. Brown, "Kissing;" Mr. Brockelbank, it T- ' lAultiar Twisn rt T\Tft " la i'ay umo uo uao , . 11. Brown, " Burlesque Sentimentality Mr. H. Price, omic song, " D >n't,-' Alolly.';" Mrs. Dettmann and Mr. Brown, song, "The Happy Policeman," which was rendered with aplomb, and on the part of the lady- with a'l her old grace and feeliug ; Miss Elsie Brown, seven years of age, sung correctly and with a well-sustained voice, "The Dear L:ttle Shamrock," and at i's conclusion was overwhelmed with ap plause and showers of boquets of beautiful flowers. Mr. J. Brown and Alias Elsie Brown gave a duet, "The Rose of 1'ra- Iee," the execution of which was received with rapturous appltuse Then there was an exceedingly cmiic performance in dashing costume by the entire company of minstrels, commenced by a solo by Mr. Brown, followed by a spirited chorus. The interludes between the songs were richly interlarded with jokes, squibs and cranks, all of them new aud not a re-hash of old materials, which excited much merriment among the audience and well-deserved ap plause. Mr. Harry Lack acted as general accompanist with the flute in a ininner which gave general satisfaction. Two little comedies, " The German, Fritz," and " The Ghosts," were gone through by the minstrels amid continued roars of laughter from the audiencs. The whole was wound up bv the appearance on the stage of Air. H. Gatehouse, the treasurer of the Public Library, who briefly, in a few sensible remarks, thanked the people of the Three Mile for their support on that occasion. Dancing, which was largely patronised by the youth and beauty of the district, was kept up till 3 o'clock on Wed nesday mornin/, and terminated what was a night of crowning enjoymeut to all those present. 