BSEYITIES;: j L dies, the bnsfc and ;pureat Honey i ? | 'Enjoyable' Brand. Guarantee with ? ,. 1 bottle. Ask your grocer for it. Wlioli '? i T. Rhodes, 108 Pitt-streot.' I The cantata, 'The Daughter of Jail jj was repeated to a largo congregation ii ' John's on Sunday aiiiernoou. '' The col|e- ' realised £2 JOs. Purramnttii. Marist Urns, schocl has ho ? aggregate or 7S passes for the last six yc ? ? an average of 13 passes per year. The junior class lias passed in 11 dif£e | subjects and the senior in. 12, inuludi: ? ., ? ) languages. ' The Pi-rrainatta, Granville and Aul ? ? I branches of the Salvatiou Army held t ? ;: annual picnic in the Parramatta Purl i Boxing Day. f- Some thousands were in the park du ? ! the day. j The Parramatta steamers did good busii ::! ! on the holiday, bringing up mauy visitors ] The orgnn recitul ::. the Parraiaatla V ?? : j leyan Church on Xtnas Eve was not well . j ? tended. A more unsuitable night could hardly 1 ? \ been selected. j There wore great crowds in Church-si. } until 11 o'clock, and most of the busi I houBes,did not close till mmrly midnight. i The official notification of the rp.suuiptio ! the Friendly Societies' ' Courthouse ' sito ? pears in to-day's Augus. \ ilr. J.'-J. Cooper has aomo duubts a..' . offering himsolf for tho Huyoral chair at Bu ; ' town next year. : His absence from the Council would ? ; great loss to the municipality. ; Miss Vena Walker, a Parramatta resic ;' ?was attacked with au hysterical fit of iai ( ing, whilst in the park on Boxiug D.iy. ; She started about ,'} o'clock in the nfteri . r and did not subside till midnight. The Parrarnntta Model Band pl-iy in A Square on Monday. This will give the public an opportuuit . ? ', hearing tho pieces tho Band intenda playinv :?'?: the Band Contsst at W lltn^ong on ' ..?: Year's Day. ,] At tho Parramatta Licensing Cour ??; * Friday, Ijefore Mr. P. W. Edwards, I . . j renewals of billiard licenses were grants .' -..j ? I the following: — Richard Mclmyro,, A ..-?..-; | } Harvey, M. A. Rawlmson, Michael Boi -i ..-?. ? \ Joseph Evans, Joseph Abrahams, Ed ????.?.r-.i f Marshall, Chas'. Henry Curtis, Sumiiel Hi/:, .i.. I R. Roy, H. Mullin, S. 13. B. Sonudritt. '; The Parramatta Model Band will he: i -. ' smoKe hocial in the Masonic Hull to- nigh .TheRov. A. H., Mrs. and Mias Oooi'ir '. ; have, gone to Hobart, Tasmania, for ibi.-;-. ;? Ohristmus holidays. If yon would do particularly well in - ' , read Tub Aiusns— 2a u quarter. ' There are hundreds on our books who 'luC ? not settled up for a year or two. We wi : ??-?- happy! if they will romombor us now. ; Ihe ! New Zealand papers «psak high' Sid. Walford'a battintr. i! Mr. and Mrs. Dowell O'Reilly return! ?,- Parramaltft on Boxing Day. | Subscribers are notified that another qv '' of Thk Anaas has closed. ' The address to Dr. Harris from the old [ is a work of art. : The Anstialian wild flowera were pnint ( Mrs. Coombes, wife of the Rev. A. H. ( .. .'ft bes, of The King's School. '| Thomas Beer, of Church-street, Parrai | has sequestrated. -?; Mr. Tom Watts (of the Railways :! returned to Purrumatiii', on sick lonvo, I Mr. Gable, of Arcudia, sent somo oran I some friends in Eugland tho other da) ' reouived o photograph iu return to sht | fine condition they arrived in. ;? r .The AiiQus.Pocktt Diary for 189G. co i; most valuable information. ; Mr. Mobba advortites for salo a vi f. property it Oastlo Hill, ut proaont occuj ;j Mrs. E. Kentwoll. j Good luck in 1396 ! Always carry an 5 Pocket Diary with you. -i The Mayor of Parramatta was a triflo i at toe 'river smell' mooting on 3 ??; !. ovening. F His worship ijavo us a hint or two ? i running a nowspapar, and if wo were ? f we would give him a few hints about 1 ' ? a public meeting. ' f We would euggeBt fewer oxplauatic .-... - a moro agreeable and oouciliutory 1 ; questioning ratepayers. 'i We go all tho way with out) of tho ? f ^gators who wanted to know whother v ,; all to die whiln tbo Council waited, for - |; assembling of Parliament. ? Sir Joaoph Abbott, Hon. Troasurei ?. ??? j. King's School, was very straight al i criminal negleot of tbo Governtnout. ; JuBt under 1000 fares travelled to j matta by the river steamers on Boxing !-' Joe Wilson did well with tho bat au . - f, NewoaBtlu, sooriug ib and guttin ? :? wiokets. ('. . Lea Pye and Wally Loveridge both ? m -?. 1 blobi, but Pye did well with the t; ?» 1 | Lp.voridfie kopt.wiokots well. ? C Sid. Witlford was doing well in N.!' : ; . U same time, where bo scored 17 ogair '. ,7i\'. ? 'A lingtou. '?? Friinic Irodulo was disposed of for 3 -i :':.-: ? intsrcolonial matoh aguinab Victoria. v. During tho Christmas season som- !.;i''i;-- «' of St. John's congregation interested tb: i:i..:;.*1vt.f i,; iu getting a donation as a Christmas gk ? '.-.- ', Rev. Jas. Maoaithur, with the result 1 :. ;?;; ?; sum of £20' was handed to tbo reoii . r- : ChristmaH ova find s;i-iitoful!y aoknowle^ ':.:? «; * i If the amount of public interest in Granvillo i municipal matters is to be gauged by tho atten dance at tho nomination last Monday, his very small indeed. True, it concerned n. bye-eleetion and the successful candidate will huvo to fiioe the electors again next February. But, even ao, a few more citizenB might have attended at the nominations. Another instance of careleBg nesa in these matters is tho fact that the nomination of one of the can didates ivaB informal. A very little inquiry would have sufficed to acquaint people who pro pose to nominate a man for tho position of J alderman, with the method prescribed by law But the nominators of Mr. Braokley did not ; take this trouble, with tho result that his can didature was promptly snuffed out. It is fortunate, however, that Granvilla can still ' command the services of good men in the Coun cil. Alderman TJnwin left a arood record be hind him when ho left the Council, and he ?will be sure to add to this Teeord now that he Jias returned to the scene of his former labors. We regret to learn that unless residents come : to its assistance the. Liberty Jflains Horticul tural Society will havo to give up tho ghost. : ? Bad luck has followed its operations lately. The big Show which it gave some weeks ago f and which was such a credit to the district, ?would have sot it on ita logs only that the rain, i which did so much good to tho district, spoilt tho ohunces of tbe Show to attraot a record attendance. Later, when a concert was given, the rain again defeated the object of tbe Society. But residents, we trust, -who benefited by these raibB which in ono sense injured tho Society, :.. will stand to it now and help it along. The 'Society has done good work and only wants a little assistance to equip it for a continuance of its useful citeer. 