CHtFROH INTELLIGENCE.. THE REV. THOMAS COOK. FAREWELL 'MEETING-. On Tues'day evening a meeting was held in the Pirib-street.Wesleyari Church to bid-fare well to the Rev.' Thomas Goolc, who after some months of evangelistic work in the Australian colonies is returning "to England. ' The Rev. Tl. ±L Tea-gue (president of the Conference) was in the chair, and there was a very large attendance. After short addresses had been delivered by the chairman, the Rev. T: A. James, and Mr. E. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc., who all bore testimony to the'value of the work done by Mr. Cook, Sir J OHN Coltox said he had had the honor of entertaining the Rev. Thomas Cook, and the more he knew of him the more he prized him. Mr. Cook had done a great work, and he had been assisted right loyally by Mrs. Cook, who had proved herself, a helpmeet indeed. The Rev. J. Haslam then presented a hand somely illuminated: address to the Rev. T. Cook, which read thus— • Dearsir—In the name of your very many friends in South Australia, we bid you "farewell." We greatly rejoice, not only in the preservation of your health and" that of Mrs. Cpok, since you landed in our midst nearly 18 months ago, and for your safe journey throughout Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, but that by the further blessimr of God the missions you came to conduct have been wonderfully successful. - To you it has been graciously given to use, with perfect appropriateness, the words of the Apostle:—"Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of His knowledge by usin everyplace." Out most earnest prayer is, that by the Holy Ghost your life-long labors may yet he more manifestly owned of God in the ingathering of souls to Christ and the quickening of His .church. We deeply sympathise with Mrs. Cook in the double" bereave ment which she has sustained of father and mother during her absence front the home land. God lias thus seen fit to postpone for a little while the reunion lovingly anticipated, even until that day when the gathering shall be in the Father's house. Hating learned that this is your birthday we ttish you most heartily " Many happy returns." And now -we com mend you, with Mrs. Cook, to the care of Almighty God, through whose grace, having been made perfect in His Son, we look to meet you again in the eternity beyond this present.—H. Hnxtvooo Teague (president of the Conference), James Haslam. Mr. Cook in replying alluded feelingly to the many, kindnesses shown to his wife and himself since they came to Australia. .The mission work which he had carried on had been successful beyond his anticipations, and he had to thank the ministers for their hearty co-operation. Mr. Cook then gave details of the evangelistic work done by him in various centres of population in Victoria," Tasmania,. New South Wales, New Zealand, and Queens land in a chatty address, giving briefly his im pressions of the various people and places lie had visited. During the 18 months he. and his wife.liad been laboring in the colonies they had had the joy of leading to Christ some 10,000 people. They found that the religious life of the colonies compared very favorably Svith the religious life in England., He believed; their work would be' blest of God, and would stand the test of time. He thanked the South Australian Conference for inviting him to come to Aus tralia, and though they were going home if Cod' spared them they hoped to come hack again. ; During the evening Mrs. 'T. E. Thomas sang "The Lord is my Shepherd," and the proceedings terminated with tlie doxology. A social - was then- held in the lecture-room, where refreshments were provided, a great number attending' to say good-bye to Mr. Cook, who. leaves to-day for Colombo, where he will conduct. a two months'mission, and then return to England. The Goodwood Primitive Methodist Church, which has been closed for a time to allow the contractors to put in a new ceiling, the fixtures for gas, and renovate the church, was reopened on Sunday, August IS, when services were conducted morning and afternoon by tire Rev. J. G. Wright, and in the evening by Mr. E. Martin. The services were well attended and productive of good.; On-'the Monday there was a successful entertainment and social-. Selections of music were rendered by the choir under the leadership of Mi-. E. Rose, Miss E. Turner presiding at the organ. Recitations were given by Mr. C. Arney, the Misses K. Fulton and Crowder. During the evening the Rev: R." J. Daddow referred to the improved appearance of the church and to the satisfac tion it: gave to those who had ..worked so energetically in the matter to know that the debt on the church would not he increased. The social part of the evening's proceedings were successfully carried out by Mesdames Brown" and Gbnihon, and the Misses Turner (2), Crowder, Rose, and Goninon. * On Monday evening the Rev. T. Hope gave a lecture on " Oliver: Cromwell: his life and; times," - in the Congregational : lecture-hall, Hindmarsh, ' in connection witli the. local Young : Men's Society. There was a good attendance, and the president (Mr. T. E. Kent) occupied the.chair. . : -• A pictbi'ial service was given by the Rev., Ri: J. Daddow 'in the Mitcbam _ Primitive Methodist Ghureh'oh Sunday- evening. The pictures and hymns were thrown on the sheet by Mr. S. Winwood. At the close or Mr. Daddow's address Miss- Janet Sutherland effectively recited " The . wreckers." There was a large attendance. ■ • _ On Tuesday evening an. entertainment was given in the Brompton Wesleyan lecture hall in aid of'the piano, fund, when Mr. A. W. Ralph presided over a fair attendance. Those ujjio took part in the proceedings were Misses A. Goodall and Linn, Messrs. T. J. Bishop, R. Phillips,. J. Low, J. Reynolds, T. Pickering, C.' Stubhs, "YV. Homer, and R. Beck. . ■ j : On Monday evening Mr. T. W. Glover com- j menced_ a gospel temperance mission at Hind marsh in the Robert-street Church of Christ lecture-hall, when he spoke on "Hard times, and how to mend them." There was a good attendance, and Mr. John Pickering presided. On Tuesday evening 'Mr. Glover lectured on "Prohibition without compensation" in the Bowden Bible Christian Church. The Rev.. T. Lees presided over a good audience. 