|Ofi£ Stersteifv vT+ W £ : if {J -? DARK DEEDS. (By DICK DONOVAN.) AFTER MANY YEARS. An old gontleman called upon me one ' morning and introduced himself a3 'Mr. John Hinton, stockbroker, Throgmor ton-street, City.' He was an old man, who apparently had outlived the allotted span of life, and being frail and worn it was pretty obvious that ho was destined soon to lay down the burden of lifo and drift out to that great ocean of silence to which we all must go. Ho was in great distress of mind, and it was some minutes before he had so far gained command oyer himself as to be able to givo me a clear understanding, as to tbo 'object of his visit and the nature of his business. ? I have come here,' he began, ' to solicit your services, and in the hope that yon may be able to recover for me a largo sum of money of which I have been, robbed. Failing that, I am a wrecked and ruined man, and there io nothing left for me but to die.' He moved about in his chair uneasily and wrung hie hands, as an outward expression of inward suffering. ' Of course I am at your service, Mr. Hinton,' I answered, ' and I hope that I might be able to assist you.' 4 1 hope you may, I hopo you may,' he groaned — ' But let me give you tho particulars, I have for a great many years carried on business in the City SB a pawnbroker. I have been content to plod along steadily, and to keep out of that mad rush for wealth which is incidental to City life, Speculation — that is, Stock Exchange gambling — has never had any fascination for me, and my business lias simply been an agency for ; buying, selling, and transferring stook for those who entrusted me with their commissions. My profits have con sequently been moderate, but they have enabled me to bring np a family of four respectably and to live in a fairly com fortable way. It seems to me, therefore, doubly hard that I should now find my self face to face with ruin through the machinations of sharpers.' His introductory remarks seemed to me 'somewhat unnecessarily expansive ; and his manner and style altogether gave me the impression that he was not a particularly shrewd man, but somewhat simple-minded, and likely to fall a prey te design and craft. As his family affairs, had no groat interest for me at that stage of the proceedings, I suggested that he should come to the point at once without occupying too much time with a prologue, and tell me precisely tho nature of his loss. Thereupon he pro duced from the inner pocket of a very ; ample coat he wore a large oblong packet which he opened, and disclosed four imposing- looking bonds, which pur ported to be bonds for the State Loan of the Argentine Republic, with coupons ; attached, payable to bearer. It was a loan which had been raised by the Re , public ten years previously, at fourand ; o-balf per cent., and save that the bonds ? were a little more ornate than usual, they I were in keeping with all other documents | of the kind. ? There,' my visitor exclaimed, as he ! unfolded them and placed them before j me, ' what do you think of those ?' ' Well,' I remarked, with a smile, ' they are very imposing looking.' 'Imposing! he almost shrieked — : 'imposing ! of course they are. They are rank, downiight impostures ; for they are fogerio3, and I have bought ! them.' Although I had not used the word ' imposing ' in the sense that he took it, his declaration did not cause me any ; surprise, for his manner bad prepared me for it. ' Then if you have been taken in by them,' I observed, ' I should say they must be clevcr forgeries.' This somewhat flattered his vanity, and something like the ghost of a smile Was suggested by -the expression in his pale, careworn-looking face, as he re plied— 'Tbey are clever forgeries, sir — ; deuced clever ! It is only by comparison with tho originals tnat the forgery can i be detected. The seals and signatures, !j and everything are excellently well imi ' tated. Therefore it is no discredit to me ! that I have been taken. I am not the ;! only broker in tho City who has from time to time been so deceived. As you ) are aware; all the bonds for a loan are I numbered, and there are only so many bouds issued, therefore in forgerios of I this nature the numbers used must bo i the same ns those already in existence.' i : 1 Precisolyj' I remarked, wishing to i bring him to tho point! ' that I quite ! understand ; but now will you givo me i the particulars of the transaction where 1 by you have bten victimized ?' ?'Yes, I am coming to that. I have been staying at Brighton for some little ' time with my married daughter, who has ;i four children of her own. My health i has uot been good for a long time, and a ; change seemed desirable, and as I am : much attached to my grand children, I thought a few weeks : at Brighton would greatly benefit me. Tbreo weeks ago my managing t; clerk wrote to me to say that a lady, who 1 gave tho name of Mrs. Lydia Horsfall, i bad called upon him with a view to sel i ling these bonds, and she mentioned the I name of a well-known firm of solicitors with whom I do business. She said tho bonds had been purchased by her late ? husband, and she wishod to convort them into hard cash immediately, and ' without incurring any unnecessary legal \- expense, she was prepared to dispose of | them below their par valuo. Now, I ?/??way mention that tho par value of the i' bonds had been much depreciated lately, 1 owing to the difficulty thero has boon in obtaining the interest ; for, as you may '? be aware, Argentine has been going ' through a financial orisis lately. Things, ? however, are looking brighter, and ns a opeonlation tho bond3 ora well worth ea;ing in. So my manager wrote to me, g.v.e mo the particulars, and said that the lady was prepared to accept, one hundred and fifty pounds Ics3 for each bond than the faco \a!ue, lio thought it would be a good thing to buy them, for though tho market in them was very dull, tboro was every prospect of an improvement. The result was I wired him to buy, and a cheque for the amonnt was duly paid to tho lady. A few days ago, on my return to town, I offered these bonds for sale to a brother broker who has regular dealings in them, but, to my horror and consternation, he returned them to me yesterday, with an intimation that they are forgeries.' ' You have taken means to verify that statement, I suppose ?' ? ' Oh yes, of course I have, and thero is not tho slightest doubt about its accuracy. I have been victimized — cruelly, shamefully victimized.' ' And do you suppose that the lady who sold them was aware that they were not genuine ? ' 'She must have been. As soon as I discovered the fraud, I sent a clerk over post ha3te to the address she gave, but he returned with the information that no such person was kno^vn there. ' ' Of course, the cheque you paid her was cashed ? ' ' Decidedly it was. Within an hour of its being drawn. By her special re quest it wa3 an open cheque, and she must have gone straight to the bank and have got the money. ' ' It looks very like a plant, ' I observed and one thing that strikes me as singular is that you should have been selected as the victim during your absence Now, I should have thought there would have been some ready means amongst you gentlemen of the City who are used to dealing with securities of this kind of detecting almost at a glance whether or not they are genuine. ' ' How can one do that ? ' he exolaimed, with some irritation. ' Of course, every broker has mean3 of ascertaining by his reference lists the number of bonds .issued in each loan, but supposing any of these bonds are cleverly imitated, he has to be pretty smart to detect the deception at first glance.' ' I suppose it is not an easy matter to forge bonds 7 ' (7b be Continued.') 