The False Beacon. r\ f\ — <i AJtYTHESlsJ HY COLONEL A&raUB; L. HBSEBV8. Itlfi&drto; bea wild, rongh " night 'along the New England coast. "All day the aea had been moaning at though an pain, troubled with a wild unEe&»-a Uie nun went down over the cliffs to<fie Wfesoram the moaning increased and theakf frfwflttntf "Wild ecuda came in fro an the watery and, torn and rafilwmt4whf i»todvJh8",iWrifi-! beaton«lfopf 5 t fiUUk i HaU-hiddeu at the toot of one of them was, w tough hot or cabin of stone. So much was it like ttepaieht tbek beneath whhi it Aras Jbuilt that one might pass it to -aud> hardly parcTe it, unless it happenedEhatemokV vras curling above its roof. The night in question two menstoodin the doorway, paring out upon £be water. Both were M fifty, fbU ¥f 4g Their garb and turned faces showed that they were fcg lo&th;® shore, For some minutes they stood without speaks tag, and then he who seemed a little the elder broke the silence by observing : "It is time that I was off to the light. It wou'tflj&Ibng; beforo 1 must have the lamp IzimmcS and horning.'1 44 Which one, Abram r" 4t Why, mine to be sure." ' Wky aoi'mino t&iightl;'" : f 4t Because I see no game out on the water.' 41 But you can't tell what there may i>e. In an hour from now the wind wiU>e blowing giwt.j;sna>nU:i>Oj ja»twg?it to%hibtr5 ehiponthe rodm.' " I'm afraid to play this game too ofteo. If we should be caught, short chrif t tliey would give us. Our necks would not be worth a wisp of straw.' <( Nothing ventured, ' nothirg gained, Abram." s "I know that; but I, for one, ain't readyto have my neck stretched for nothing." 41 But we run little risk. There will be no \- one outin the storm that wilt soon be raging to give ue away, ' ' His companion shook his head. 41 You are not sure of that. If they had auy aaspicion of ue, itwould be justeuch anight as this hiflS fair to be to ,MDl a visit, Iftkhey I should come ant! find k light out oh fonder crag, while mme was oat, as I said before, our necks would soon -feel the halter drawn about them." Abram made a motion as though he would run onffoBS gSf rock on wh the light- house stood. 44 Don't hurry, Abram. You've plenty of time yet. I will go down to the beach with yon as soon as I make everything safe here." 41 Where's Huldah ?" c She sweat dowa to the village soon after Boon. She ought so have been back a loog time ago. Something must have kept her longer than usual." He dosed the rude but strong door of the cabin, and prepared to accompany bis com panion. He meant, if possible, to have him agree to ihe devilish deed he coutemplated. The heads of the two men disappeared under the cliffs. , Hardly had they done so when another appeared on the scene they had turned their backs upon. It was a young woman, who seemed to spring up from among the tj®. cabin dike come ghost-dike th.e door'sie threw tophi!, and' ?"$! ' fre of . driftH'Ood burning upon the rude hearth, and 'approach ing this, she held out her hands ro the genial warmth. \ v 1 _ ijte.aply remained here for a moment. I The next ehe was at the one window that looked out over the m " ' ' Wtot ahall 1 do ?" the cried, in a tone that "TJtffeWfWN «»% .TJCtow-wp to mow nnKsxet to-night, i h&ari;! part of the conver sation, and I know that Sam wiufa&g; Abram "-d' 'Q th't he will not light hie lamp to- "KWtalMtoacoriSnU lie lighted, way, it. will be aagHea-optrntheernelrockB. Ohj: to think that the tame blood rone in my reins a«inrW.« - Eut eometimee 1 think that he caunot be my uncle. Bwpjjiernouldto, two people more unlike 1 amn-eref "Iiiupe end-trust thatvny father was cot like him." _ fiAofcattBEhe wasileut;watehiiigtojeee the boat of Abram start out over the water, the onrface of which waB already becoming agitated broeze. At lefigth she saw "it, and n|3tIaaterheieadof ber unfile'ipp eared above the rocks. if nming.-iliB miirmnradtotonelh- The wrecker came upland a look of sufprise oom. li How long have vou beeu here "fseask woeliihWeaen tfwh. I£b dims been over! fifemrfiyrJikhttomako cacll.". . ; i "Ada! just <a6 well, fence I don't know asl cuedtosM hun. There is sometHing about the tAnHK'dwa makes me distrust him."- " iMCWrSiHus ... said.lV-.rL 1- «- v We dont£qfuarre1, unda" f thinks a good deal of yod'. ' Som'eKmes I have been a&aid; that he might winyou away U ti7jig>t,cndXeairetpeBlonefiere/— ' ' had! thani 'irhcu I toflrg oeme in. bnt EonC'mei Eha'Went out ofdofB. .0)9p6jpw"&toi;'=toar of the oonM(BBMnoiriiniWi«MDd jietoed it im- iBBiMuHu'rouMirinTnioylt.ie. rffWlT Jl1" T ' J — mot-cemerl' low tone.i' gome- BWUlUjjBf IhatjQonienwfiil thing friiy»ippeo . mMb t nnljt pan lipvertad. ' _ Vhat) lBEfJ'hram|iiitiheir head, together .tbay We|W«J0d, J'jgffraid the falee beacon-will E3Sjf£,d the. ,nie one iaft>in j \- . to \- hi. way arsr the fgs! , than 4hs'lnauiheniusiocke. j '£tad badly dittppeired when the eonnd of I felloponbm'aar. She gave a quick l start and turned; her face in the direction whence they came. Shdi&w;" a ypung manjhiiriyfnp, towaada thej cabimlting|iig froirock"5o fook. | Alittle laterfie waa the dtArway, jfeiia hat <&sped; her in htatirmll- -A- tM»- s "Oh, Edwin, I'm eo glad you hare come!" |to esid, in a tone Unit ebowed ehe meant what, aheelid. - 1 , VAVAnd Iamglad it0 he here, Huldah. But what haa happened that makes you unusually gsgmjaircr \- W-STheyniCnn harm ,to .hose who may be along the coast to-night. The false beacou will he " How do you know this P" ""Abiambas just gone from here out to the light. When lie and my uncle put their heads together ithere is always something wrong- 1 u Well) we will watch and see what they are np to. If they kindle the false light on the cliffs it will not burn long. If 8oes ou» then Abiam wiUligbt his laojp As soon as it oomes dark, tec® we what the shore. .We both" can rub bie dight'fo/ tan.'what shouM 1 do ffiout yhnf1 ehe eaid, a. ehe nestled close beside him. "Bather, what should I do without you, ftuldah. Ton are the apple of my eye. I hope the time will Wn come when i can call vou my wife." >. f. With a hand in each other's they sat Joy ibe window, ever and anon casting their eyes out brer'the cliff to- where the false beacon had Icred,hiff to thy aclflstyuction. . All at once a ffwne Shdwef itself 6a the rocks. ' Thej'oangmftnetarfcedtohLs feet, and strode oat through the open doorway. jEdwin,1-' - tried the voice of "twill," he answered back. Old Sam was 'bending over the treacherous fire he had kindled. He had not a thought that a human being was uear him, until be felt hand laid; upon his shoulder and be was thrown violently back upon thie rocks, . " Villain !; . What are you idoing'r" cried the y ouug man. 4 4 People have said that you were a wrecker, and now here is the proof. It would be serviug you right if I should d&Eh; you down over the cliffs to your death. It would be only serving you &s; you would the helpless voyager." Havc mercy ! J am an old man. You have caught mtTin mywiLe'inct : but don't turn 'me over to those who woold place a rope about iuy neck " 14 You deserve it : but for the sake of one dear to me I will keep your crime a secret. But it is on condition that you leave this j egiou at once." : /VTo-night?" - -? : uiT«s." ' - - " But Huldah 41 She will he cared for. ijoto (Jorliug,aDd stay there uutil you hoar from me. If you haven't mouey in the cahiu, I will seed ynu some. Then drop out for ever froui this little world that has kuown you." The villain slunk away in the darkness, and Edwin went back to the cabin, but not until he had seen that the true light was ablaze ee usual. As soon as the storm was over, EJwio rowed out to the light, and later he reported to the keepers that their man was gone. It was not long before Luiviii made Huldah his wife, and the secret of the lights was shared betweeu them. — 44 Weekly Budget." 