HOW CELLULOID IS HADE. So many articles are now manufactured from celluloid, both useful, ornamental, artistic and otherwise, aom9 of them marvellous imitations of tortoise shell, ivory, eto., that a short account of the process em ployed for the manufaotare of this useful substance may -not be oat of place, - For this purpose unsized paper is first taken and pulped or s>sedded into strips about i'n. In width, -and then treated with acid to transform it into cellulose; the paper belog submitted to the action of the acid, for the required time, in large stoneware vessels or baths, then removed, and after careful wash- - ing placed in centrifugal machines to remove any exoess of water. The workmen per forming this aoid treatment are olothed in rnbber and their faces have.a ghost-like appearance which testifies to the strength of the okemioals need. After being spread out for a considerable time to thoroughly dry on the drying tables, the substanoe is taken to the • ehydrating i rooms where camphor is added to it, the j two ingredients being careful y weighed, mixed, pressed, and crumbled together and I then presenting the appeal anoe of a mixture of paper ribbonB and white sugar, the odour alone denoting the presence of the oamphnr. -■ The mixture is now ground and pressed fay the masticators in the calendar or roller room, about a bushel or " batoh" being treated at onoe, the maoblnery consisting simply of heavy Iron rollers mounted in a horizontal position and geared to revolve in wards. If allowed, the mixture forms itself into a sheet on the roller, bat the operator prevents this by continually cutting it off and returning it to the machine, in order-, that the euhttanee may become thoroughly ! homogenous. _ In about 16 minutes a batoh will be suffi ciently worked, when it is removed in a sheet about one inch thick, presenting-the the appsaranoe of finished celluloid. These sheets are then placed in an hydraulic form and run under a steam-heated hydraulic press, where they remain for ab-nt two hours, after whioh thecake " of celluloid so produced is removed by un bolting the form, and then allowed to sea •on for a few days, afterwards^ being cut into 'sheets of any required thickness by means of a thick blade or "doctor" fas- j tened to a reciprocating table on which the *' cake" is placed. This machine will cu sheets of any thickness to 1,0000ih of an inoh. The shoots aro thou hurg nuts season and dry for about six months to prevent warping when worked up; henee they go to tie various departments of the factory and are pressed, turned, or eut, as the case: may -be, in faithful imitation of the article they are intended to represent. Tortoteeshell, ivory, amber, translucent, etc., celluloid it produced by careful and dexterous treatment in the roller room, tbe grained appearanoe of Ivory being secured by cutting the sheets into strips lin. wide nd setting them on edge laterally in the hydnnlio form before pressing.— " Iuven- : 