THE WORLD OF SPORT (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 6). -0- SAILING. (By ' Weather-Eye.') Yesterday the Johnstone's Bay Sailing Club closed its season. The race was a general handicap for prizes amounting to a ten pound note, and for it there were no less than 18 entries, The proceeds in connection with admission to the club steamer are to be handed to tbe hospital fund. The attendance was fairly good, but I'm afraid that after expenses are paid there will be but little left for the hospital. Young Harry started late, and her skipper gave up the chase early in the race. Three other boats, Olinda, Secret, and Esmeralda, retired, and two, Violet and Cygnet, capsized during the race. George Ellis and Violet went over off Chowder Head, and the 18-footer, Cygnet, skippered by Mr. F. Pontey, turtled in Chowder Bay. Olinda sailed with too much canvas. Hence her early exit. The torpedo boats, by going to the rescue of the capsized crews yesterday, did more real service than they did in regard to torpedo practice. At least the rescued crews think so. Ida won the race, Willia gaining second place, and Genesta third. Mr. M'Murtrie has had two successful Saturdays, and although he may not be awarded the prize for the race of the Saturday before last, he and his boat deserve every credit from a racing point of view. Esmeralda did not sail up to her usual style yesterday. Her jib carried away shortly after she rounded Bradley's Head, and she then gave up the ghost. Willia would have done better in the race if her ballooner bad been kept up after she passed Darling Point on the reach home. Why her skipper allowed it to be lowered then is an enigma. At the meeting held during the week by the Sydney Flying Squadron to consider the pro test lodged by the skipper of Our Own against Ida in connection with the Squadron's race Bailed the Saturday before last on account of Ida not having carried colors in accordance ?with tbe requirement of the Club regulations, tbere ' evidently was a great deal of trouble. Yet the whole matter foe discussion tvas iu a nutshell. It was not a matter for consideration bow entitled Ida was or was not to the prize so far as regarded her sailing qualities, nor ? how, even by chance, she was entitled to the position she gainod. The question was, did Ler skipper comply with the regulations of tbu Sydney Flying Squadron Club r Ida was registered to sail under the color light bine. jNow what does light blue mean ? To my mind, certainly a blue of some kind dis tinguishable by the spectators. 'Without any hesitation I say that tbe color carried by Ida on Saturday week could not be taken for a blue from the steamer. It does not matter if originally it was of that color. What was required was that it should be a 'light blue' for tliat raeo. Was it? I think not. The Ida was well sailed during tbe race, she is a good boat, and so far as the merits of tho actual raco go she should un doubtedly be given first place; but if rules are in force to regulate a race, or the racing in connection with a club, they should be observed to tbe letter. If it is expected that thoy should not in any particular instance, clubs bad better abandon rules altogether. In regard to questions of this kind it would be far better if in future clubs appointed some logical person as arbitrator. Scenes such as occurred at the Sydney Squadron's meeting should be avoided, and every effort to prevent rowdyism in any form Bhould be made by every lover of the blue in connection with the Eport of sailing. Although I agree that Ida should be dis qualified in so far as the race mentioned ia \ concerned, yet I have no sympathy with the : manner in which matters were conducted the j other night. My small word of advice to | those who have sailing at heart is to re frain from walking the pathway of the cad when they have a grievance. A meeting of members of the Sydney Dingy Club was held last Wednesday night at- the XWion Hotel. The commodore (Mr. H. Hard in?) presided. A general handicap race was wranged for next Saturday, open to all Ciiiiries (from 8ft to 14ft) of the harbor. The club's usual course will be sailed. Entries will close next Wednesday night. Prizes won by T. Hawkes, of Roy, and W. Holmes, of Clive, in the last jace were presented. It is pleasing to note that those with whom a good man comes in contact during this life are not prone to forget him when he has departed hence. Only a few weeks ago a subscription was started in Sydney to form a memorial fund by the friends and admirers of the late Mr. ,C. H. Goddard, and I learnt yesterday from one of the principal movers in the matter that a goodly sum had been re ceived. However, more ia wanted, and I write with the object of attracting the attention of thoso of Mr. Goddard's iriends who have not yet heard of the sad event, and- to- state that the subscription list is to close to-morrow or the next day. 