SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LXI. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “ Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister," &c.; Well, no time was lose the transforma tion was effected, and Cameron of Stran raer made, a much better English gentle man than clown, for he could speak the language grammatically and fluently, but knew nothing of country dialects or pro viucialismSf or, in other words, of the veritable vulgar tongue, while Leigh on the other hand, being Lanbashire born and bred, and an apt mitpic os well, could talk just as the individual he represented would have talked had he been a Simon Pure instead of a make-believe. Meanwhile Mrs Bailey had spread a hasty meal and ordered the stable boy to saddle her. own horse as well oath© ‘ com mercial gent.’s,’ the onimal more especially \- referred to being a raw-boned rosinante of a steed that had seen better days, and coaid still put on a.spart.at a pinch, though not for long, being spavined and broken winded, and the posse jsor of a lot of other ailments aswel', wi'h a rough, ragged coat, a Roman nose, a rat tail, and a pair of * broken knees, which possessions were per haps in parts the reason why she had so readily accepted the drover’s lamed pony in exchange, for its injuries seemed to be only temporary, while her own animal’s would moat certainly be life-long. It was, however, a quite' good-looking enough steed for a clod pole to bestride, and in the present instance a belter would have been a worse/ because presenting an incongruity between tho rider and the the ridden. „ \-- ‘ We’d better bolt, our food and then bolt ourselves,’, said Lancelot Leigh in a low tone to bis cqraponion as they sat do.wnj for the auke of appearances, at dif ferent tables. Bat Cameron of Stranraer couldn’t see the joke possibly because he couldn’t understand the slang, so he responded with a grave nod, while ho unconsciously did exactly us he had been ad vised; Five minutes saw - the breakfast commenced arid'Tfinished, for people bad not to wait for their tea or ooffe.i io cool in those d>iys, since, men at all events, invariably drank ale or wine with their matutinal meal. Speedy as they had been , however, . over their repast, it would have been all ■the . better had . they been quicker still, or else gone without it altogether; for, asjthey were : rising from their chairs, they saw .the flash of steel and scarlet' through the lozenged-paned inn window, and. the next instant there strode . into jyhich. they occupied „an, officer, a-sergeant, and half-a-'dozon in-, fantry sddidry r the officer* shouting out. the jvhije ab/he top of liis voice : ' \- ‘ Landlord ! bread, cheese, and ale for my men, and a bottle.of wine and the very best food yonr|house affords for myself. But tellmo 'first if yon suspect any rebels’ of.being concealed in the village or < qf passing through it.’ Thereat Mrs Btiley promptly presented hersvlf. declaring she bad neither seen nor heard of any.robels-in that locality, arid that she should think they’d had enough of Old England by now, and would all of ’em be travelling nptfch instead of south, ending up by promising that his honor’s orders should at once be executed.. Then, ere sbo quitted the room, she cast a. somewhat uneasy atid half-warning look at liancelot L'jigh and his com panion. It would have been far better had she taken no notice of. them whatever, for the officer was as keen-eyed as a weasel, end, noticing the look, it at once aroused bis suspicions. ‘ Ho, whom have, we here V he ex plpimed, striding up to Stranraer, and re- 1 garding him keenly. *D-—n it, sir, your .dress is certainly English, and you •may be a loyal subject of King Georg*, blit yon have a Scotch free, to say th i least of it, on which account I’ll trouble you to tell mo who you are, and ;what you’re doing in ; ihis. special neighbor hood.’ 1 I’m from Rochdale, my name is Lancelot Leigh, and I’m a traveller for the well known brewers, Smith, Ferguson & Cos. Pray accept one of , our. cards,’ re sponded Stranraer, handing his inter locutor one of the firm’s cards from out the; inside breast pocket of- his coat. y* TJ.mpb, a brewer’s traveller/, and yet, though your name seems to be English, your acc.ont.ia as Sp.otoh, as your face,’re torted the officer- in puzzled tones. ■ ‘ And I’ve Scottish blood in my veins as well on my ipaothef’e side. Our junior partner, Mr Ferguson, is a Scotchman ns his name almost proclaims, and I’m a co j : neebion of liis-—! might almost say a mania fact.! ' ■ J Ah,vthat aco.ounts for oyerytbiog, for whenever a b%grirly Scot settles down in "pur better vicfualled country, and gets fat on its produce, he in variably sends ' for all his kinsmen . in order that they may help,to despoil us also,; l ean lolly credit your tale now, young man, it is so 3 vriry natural arid according to fixed rule,’ ;and.with an ; insulting laugh officer itrirned. towards, the real Lancelot Leigh, -'ap'd ’Alnaoßt 'instantly observed the condition of his hands? accorded ill .with his style of- dress. , :* Hullo, ,Ohawbacon t ’ be exclaimed, ‘ I’ll be. banged jf , you; Took the genuine article either. How long is it since you last drove, the. plough ■; or. . handled the '.plough, eh V - 1 ; 1 Wboy, not since -(W' owd macster’s bin gone dead and I’ve married bis wjddy, if ver honor must know,’ replied ? Ij*igh with a rustic horselaugh; and a leer whjch sot-every body vjaughingi 4 I’ve engaged this hpoest feljow to show me a-short, cross-country Put to/ wards Blackburn, where -my business next leads me, and it’s time methiriks that we were on the way; but, if yoU’jl allow your bravo: fellows to empty a three gallon cask of our ale at my oost, they will find - that - it -ot all events" is ‘ thoroughly English; despite that there are Scotchmen in the firm,~and I trust, sir,' -that you will regard it as proof of 'my iown. loyalty to King George .arid the Hpuse of Hanover, ’ said Stranraer to the officer. ■. ... ' -. . ; . 'What,, a Scotchmau jpontively willing to stand treat ? Why; in that case I’m io believe all that’s good of film and nothing that’s evil. Egad,s|r, I’ll bqlp to drink the ale myself, and so save mypockotthe expense, of . a bottle of wine,’ repliedthe individual.genially, and ho raised ii6 objections whatever to Strahraer’s. departure, ' nor watched, them: any further than to make sure that the ale was actually p iid, for : before : they quittedthe inn. Five minutes later the two young men were; mounted . and riding down the village street, and the cask of ale Had been brought into the kitchen, there tap ped and set freely circulating. Bu t one of the soldiers happened to be very quickly affected,by strong drink,’and he moreover was a fool until hereaohed bis third pint reverting; to exactly the same condition on arriving at. his sixth. His lucid intervals, therefore, were as brief ns it mast he owned they wore frequent, and, most unfortunately both for Stranraer and-for Lancelot Leigh, one of those lucid, intervals.was all too quickly brought about on the .present oc« oasion, for \p sooner had the' orthodox three 1 pints unt bowed Ins frozen, 0 facii!ties, "and unloosed his at o’her times tied ; tongue, than he said with an expression bf .low cunning to the sargeant; \- * I Tcn.ew' who that bloke who bus., "treated us was at first look—aye, that I did—though folks do call I a fool. Why, he was the man in petticoats who kept us from getting across, that precious barricade so long. I mean to say he was the captain or the kurnel of all the other petlicoated chaps you do know, and who killed such a lot of our chaps with his big sword. Why, I could swear to him by his by e. and his nose, for you see I waa lying dead, I mean wounded, and watch ing him all the time I was—aye, till his chaps were ail killed and our chaps had all got across, and I shan’t forget him I shnn’r, as long as. I live, he slaughtered such a lot ov our chaps to his own cheek he did, while I was looking at him.’ 1 You stupid fool, and why didn’t you cat with all this while he waa here? My word, if through your stupidity you have let a thousand,pounds slip through our captain’s fingers I should not a bit.wonder if he ordered you half as many strokes from the cat o’- nine-tails,’ rejoined the sergeant roughly. ‘Lawk sake, then, don’t say a word about it, if you love me,’ exclaimed Private Stubbs beseechingly, aud open-mouthed with horror, * But I don’t love you, you great sawney ; and if I said nothing about it I might gat a taste of the cat myself’ and the sergeant at once rose to his feet and reported to Captain. Ball the important communication that Private Stubbs had : macie him. Like one of the veritable wild, bulls of ,'B-ishun did the gallant captain rave and rampage up and down, and Private Stubbs experienced an exceedingly exciting and unpleasant five minutes while nil his know ledge was being dragged out of him’ as though it had been his ha#k tooth, for terror had frozen up his intellect again as hard end as f ist a-i ever, and so a born idiot could' have answored the captain’s quesv tions as lucidly. Nevertheless, by dint of oath*, threats; and shaking*, the officer gathered just enough of the facts of the o-tse to feel tolerably assured that the fellow,, had spoken the truth, and not been merely gassi> g, to the sergeant, and as Cameron of Stranraer had neither been taken prisoner nor returned ns dead, he at once made up his mind, the wish being in some degree father to the thought, that the .seeming brewerls - traveller must «bd he,- dhd the’ apparent clodpolo, as likely as not, another Jacobite of note, and hp con sequently determined upon au immediate and hotpersnit. v , How he wished that he comm.andtd cavalry instead of infantry soldiers, but he was bound to do the best He could with the materials that'he had to bis hand. So at once he started his men off through the villaga, with a hasty pencilled authority to enter all stable, and re quisition every horse that they could Grid, in the King’s name, bringing them to the inn door ns fa>t,as ever 'they could be seized and saddled, in order that the first to bo supplied should at ome start ofi'in pursuit of the suspects. Armed with such authority (here w‘as not much difficulty in procuring nugs of some kind or other, and, unfortunately for Stranraer and for Lancelot Leigh many that wore procured were far swifter and more injuring animals than either of those which they themselves were mounted on, wherefore it was that midway between Waltoh-de Dale and Houghton their pursuers were in full cry after them. . CHAPTER LXlf, Only by three of the soldiers, however, and two of those were almost too tipiy to keep their saddles, but the third wm sober enough, for ho chanced to bo the sergeant Leigh was the Gist t),observe the flash of scarlet and steri through the dust cloud raia<d by the galloping ho; in their rear, a.ud ho at once guessed what was up ‘We must ride hard; for the red; coats are after us,’ ho exclaimed ex citedly, at the same time patting spurs to bis nag, . ‘ Nay,’said Stranraer, as lie followed his example, ‘ I must die bard, but why should you plant your foot in a hole nob of your own digging 1 I beseech you to , be satisfled with the good service Vhioh you have already rendered me, and which I shall remember with gratitude all " my life through, but not to hazard long years of imprisonment by allying yourself with me, any longer. See, there is a bridle path branching off to the left-r follow it quickly, and depend on it that our pursuers will bestow all their atten tions upon me.’ \ * If I were to desert you in so brazen a fashion and at so dire o : pinch—you a stranger in a strange land—hanging, drawing, and quartering would be too good for me. Besides all that, I’ve promised Lady Stranraer to sea you safely through the present difficulty, and I deem ony promise givop to her a sabred ’one, ; notwithstanding that she is lost to me for over,’answered Lancelot Leigh with anjairmf sullen determination. . ThisTbrief colloquy took place while the.: two young men were dashing onwards at TpU spoed, and Stranraer, clearly perociy. ' ring,that his.companion’s resolution jvas not'to bo shaken, ’ briefly; thanked' him; and then foreboro from further . Indeed, it was no time for indulgence in conversation,, because they had . to , try dvory-trick they knew of in order .-to got away from their foes, though after all they Reynard's, in tho fpblej |pr ffioir pursuers neared 'them rapidly; (notwithstanding that tho rat* tailed Horse proved had,:, speed in, him, although ho ‘roared’ fearfully while iparlpg along at full gallpp. ; \ ; .' (Rat the tlireo'aoldlere had shot ahead pf .their, companions, because -the Horses •wWob \ybJl-brpd hunters, run jn epunty racoft They hadj, reqpisitlpnpd.; them ; frqm a o ahd to them' ;owod; tlfe fact that ap' 99*$' ‘ 1b . ; bliaao/ Indeed, lioghton Church tower was atill half a ‘ rafr e distant in their front when the fugitives • were o’ertriken and. threatonrd with instant !death if they did hot at o ico surrender themselves prisoners. ‘ ~ ' - ‘ My companion lias done nothing to render himself liable to arrest,’ said ’Stranraer. !‘ Let him go liis way in ppqce, and I will give/you my sword,’ ho added, but drawing the weapon-as he ispoke, because the sergeant was edging his horse towards him in a' menacing kind of way. But as the disguised chief did this, one ‘ of the other soldiers plucked forth a pistol arid presented it at hisf head with the exclamation; ‘ You are worbhas much dead as you are living, my garaa . cock, so here goes to avenge those you sent to kingdom come last night,. one- of whom was my brother.’ , ‘ Then ' it was that Lancelot Leigh, noticing that tho follow was shutting one oye, ns though to take better aim with the 1 other,while his forefinger was in;tho act of, curling around the trigger of his levelled" weapon, whipped a pistol out of his own pocket,-and quick.astthough,h h , shot him through the head, 1 the soldier instantly falling dead under his horse’s feet At the same moment the, sergeant attempted to cub Stranraer down, who, avoiding the head''stroke by a quick swerve in the saddl", retorted, before bis assailant could recover his guard, by running him through tho body. 1 hereupon he also fell dead, when perceived that ho was left unsupported, the third soldier wheeled sharp round and dashed back to join the next batch of his advancing comrades as fast as ever bis horse could carry him.- ‘ Como along,’ said Stranraer then to his companion, ‘ we are, alas, in the same boat now. 1 wish to heaven that I had surrendered myself prisoner o trifle quicker, for then I should have saved your life instead of you mine, which was already forfeited to tho laws, and so little comparative value. However, what’s done can’t be undone.’ True enough, and I presume that I did reeve a noose for my own neck-by shooting that fellow ; nevertheless I’ll dodge it from dropping over my head as long as ever I can, and as for troubling my conscience about the matter, why it was a fair shot, and I at all events preserved a noble life at the cost of a base one.’ Ho did trouble his conscience about the matter notwithstanding, for it , was (he first time that he had shed the blood of a fellow-creature, and it would there fore have been little to his credit had it not caused him an acute pang. 1 ittlo recked he of his own danger, for ho thought far more of the dead man, vaguely. womlering ns to who and how many near and dear on»s ho had left to mourn him, yes, even to tho exclusion of all consideration as to whether ho would himself succe and in escaping the conse quences of whathe knew to he a hangable offence. Five minutes later Hoghton was reached and dashed , into at breakneck speed. ' Peforo the'door of tho principal (indeed the only one that wa-i in any way'- deserving of the nara*-) a conpln of horses were being Ld up and down by ,a stable boy. One was equippe I with a man’s and the other with .a lady’s saddle.. ._... 1 We will appropriate those horses, for they ore jus, what vo w«n\ Your nag wouldn’t carry you a mile fortbeiyfor bis foam is .flicked wi'h blood already. A threat, backed up by. a levelled ' pistol, will frighten that lout into surrendering them np without daring to raise an out v cry-about the matter. Can you manage to control the pair 1 IE so one will do for Rose when we overtake her.’ * I*ll manage them all right enough,' answered Leigh. ‘ Then bo it rriy task »o overawe the lad, for your appearance hippens to ,bo more, comic than tragic,’ said Stranraer. . The. scheme was carried into execa* tion almost as quickly as it had been conceived. Tho stable boy opened his mouth almost wide enough to have swallowed the pistol that was presented at his head in addition to tho bullet which it con tained. But the yawning orifice emitted no sound, or when he had delivered up both steeds; and Leigh had dashed away on the btek of one and leading the other, leaving Mrs Bailey’s rat-toiled, Roman nosed ‘ roarer’ by way of exchange, did ho do anything but stare after theav until both Leigh and Stranraer woie oat of sight and out into the open country again at one and the same time. Five minutes later they overtook Rose, seated bn a mile stone; which, however, she had only just reached. A glance showed her that something terribly exciting if not positively dreadful, bad happened to both men since she had left them in the garden of the little inn at Walton-de-dale; but alio forobore fiom asking any questions, and looked ns cheerful as she was able to do while suffering from such torturing appro* bensioos and poignant curiosity, Stranraer at once sprangetotbe ground and lifted her on to the baok of the spare horse. At the,same moment ho took note of what seemed to ' be an extensive wood, lying a little to their loft, and reachable by'crossing a couple of fields, ‘ If we could only get within that thick cover before our pursuers sight ; us,’ he whispered to XiCigli, j we might be snug all day there, and travel again, through the ensuing night. You see neither you nor my wife’s appearance ore in.character with those horses and their equipments, and every one ' would; therefore take special note of you two as we passed along, whibli would give the red ooots, and you may depend bn it there are a lot more of them After’ us, an .easy trail to follow us by, and so, no matter how., far we succeeded in .distancing' thorn; they i would bp sure to run us toeartliat last;’ ‘ Most true,’ assented Lancelot, and your, suggestion is therefore'/a. .capital onb, wo wjl|'abt uponjt at once.’ The field gale was open, bo-that- itiioro was no bbopsldh leoplt,' aodbetter still, :tho.grass; withlb was ;lltera\iy ploughed; up'by horses' hoof, debited pointing in’- all'. 1 sath^t ’ of ;their ow ac steeds■ would not, ; to distinguished among so many. J .r -'-j Closing.the goto behibd than,! and; prudently gal loping; along hridertho screen; of tho high bodge, limy got through a gap; m the.oross-odgtrioto the next field, and; 1 then sped on to the woodi which they successfully, entered ‘through another 1 Jiqdge gap.i v Scarcely. were; they well in amongst t!»e trees when, on glanbing.baok.lolhe; road which.they had just (juittod* they beheld . a, couple of batches of ; their; pursuers dash along llLat a.gallop la quick succession, without even looking towards either field or. woods, and then there 1 presently .hurried on in direction a noisy rubble from ou£uthovi)lage:of Hoghton. doUbtloss in order to be the firstbehpl4 /th f p liowo flteajejß,.as/- they only knew them as yob lo bo,brought back prisbners'by'the military. 1 wood now,’said Lancelot Leigh.presently, ‘it is of vast extent, and 1 by making" dor way through it in. the south, easterly direction, we shall in the course of an hour get oat upon a range of high and barren moors, on which wo may .hot encounter a single' individual for ft | clean spin of fifteen miles, until, in short, we reach Shuttleworth Hill and look down oii Rochdale, our journey’s end. AsTjcan steer by, the stars, and it promises to be a clear night we had belter lie snug, until night comes, for it would not bo prudent to attempt to roach our destination before both Roohdalo and ‘.CastletQn were looked in slumber,because, although the old house in Ghost Lane stands solitary enough, the crossing of the river will oblige us to skirt the town very closely before we can reach it. However, thanks be, our position is not nearly so desperate as five minutes ago I was in clined tp -believe.’ • 1 1 am glad to bear you- say so, and as lo the mere’hardships of the situation, why the nights are now almost as warm as the day, so that save for the matter of hunger we shall be able to manage very well,’ responded Stranraer, ‘And I don’t think that we shall suffer even from that,' Rose added quickly and cheerfully, ‘for just see what kind thoughtful Mrs Bailey stocked my basket with ere sho suffered mo to quit the inn.’ Then lifting up its snowy covering, she revealed a small loaf of bread, half a cheese, a piece of boiled bacon, a pot of .butler, and a bottle of wino. So the fugitives tethered their horses to tbo trees and prepared to spend the day as best they could; and Ihore we will leave them in order to reverb to the fortunes, or rather the misfortunes, of our other characters ; nor shall we again re turn lo those of Rose and her companions until they also have reached Rochdale, when the interest of our story will culmi* nate - in the mysteries and exciting in* oidents that take place at the old house in Ghost Lino and-elsewhere. CHAPTER LXIII. Clegg Hall wos not burned to the ground, but its north wing was utterly destroyed, that is to say nothing was left of it but the bare and blackened walls, which, later on, had to be pulled down less they should one day fall and c>ush anyone who was passing or stand* ing.underneath them., A good deal ,of the remainder of tho mansion was, gutted, and hardly any of it was left in a comfortably habitable condition. Sir Harry and his. guests, thanks perhaps in a great measure to Lady Howarth’s timely warning through William, tho footman, had escaped with out any injury,few of them havingbeen so drunk but th-»t they were able to crawl out of-tho houoO on all fours at anyratc, while others wore even capable of as sisting out tho few who wore utterly helpless. As for tho baronet, the burning of his ancestral homo, and the anxiety which immediately rose in his mind concerning the safely of his wife and daughter, sobered, or at all events half sobered him, and had hob a couple o'f the more capable servants (for they had as a rule been imitating,-.on the sly, the example of heW him back, ho would in all pi-pliability have dashed, up , tho by that time blazing staircase in quest of them,' hud—a thousand chances to one— never-have came down it again. William, however, was after a little while able to make him understand that Lady Howarth and Lucy had left tho house a quarter of . an hour previously, and he said that they wore going to seek shelter at the Lodge; so, his mind sot at ease on their account, ho next inquired if anyone had seen Mistress ‘Dorothy, and on. the butler- declaring that he fancied ‘ all tho women had run . in a heap, for ‘he’d seen half a dozen of what he’d taken at the time to be ghostoises rush through the hall and out of the front door in what he now.supposed must have bean their night dresses, and the sight had so frightened him* espccia’ly as at that lime ho hadn't so much'as oven smolt lire, that he dropped the bottle which ha had been at the moment trying to get tho cork out of, and it bad smashed to piocss on the floor, etc.* Satisfied on this point also Sir Harry had now only tho partial destruction of Clegg Hall and its 4 contents to mourn over, and everyone was.able to assist, or at all events to protend to assist him in this ; and though scores of poop!) (even some from ns far as Rochdale) had by this time appeared on the scene, it was impossiblo.for anyone to do more, for there was no firo engines, or e.von water hose in those days, and to attempt to combat the flames with half a dozen buckets and wa>er laboriously procured from a single draw.well,.; would have verged upon oven tho ludicrous. Thus tho crowd meroly looked on, all at least save Parson Dick Bellos, who in the extremity of his tipsy indignation, took off his cap and wig, and hurled first the one and then tho other into tho raging fire, anathematising it meanwhile in as terrible a manner as onco a certain Jackdaw of Rhcims was an tho raatised, only by much more exalted church dignitary. And when they had gob tired of the spectacle people began to walk away, and as the cold night air had by this time sobered of the guests, and nothing 'more was to -bo got by. remain*, ing where they wer*, the majority hf them made their way to tho stables,- which were situated at a safe enough dips banco from tbo Hall, thoio saddled their horses, or Olso got others to do it for thorn,and rode for home, vaguely wondering as to what could have boon tho primary cause of the oonfl.igrot ion. As for’Sir Harry, ho, after a littlo while, flurried off to (lie Lodge, in order to sob tho probable anxieties of his wife and child at rest concerning his - own safety. His anxiety can, however, bo belter imagined than described, ; when ho '"dis* covered ‘ not only that they were nob thoie, but a’so thab they had never boon there, ■ f ; Even tho destruction of Ologg Hall seemed a UmUll matter to him then, and hastening back thereto, he sent oyorys oqo'whom he could find in search of tho tyo ladles, the result being that, , in I tho course of an hour, Lucy was brought * to him if having beoo discovered | hiding, in. the thick of Owl Hill, r, ! Tho baronotf'eagorly questioned hor art to'Uor sioprinothor, and Avhy it wos ■! they had parted company, ; . *8ho is a w.ohr*wolf, and. tomptpff mo dUtof thS grounds to devour mo, but I ‘gUt away from hor, and she shall never como near me any more. Mistress Dorothy what sho was, and warned mo to bowore of hor, and so I don’t' caro what ond pray that L may ' was, tholonswor< that lid rpcolyodin reply. . ’ v ■ Still closer, sho declared apparently with great sdtisfao* tlon, that. ‘she didn't think she over should see the cruel wehr«wplf again, be cause after sh,6 had run away from her a good distance she had looked round and beheld her in the grasp of a tall cloaked figure with a black face, who she believed and hoped was the, devil, come, perhaps, (o lake her away and, to punish her because she had been clumsy enough to let her (the narrator) slip through her fingers and escape, instead of rending and tearing and devouring her, as her master, had doubtless ordered to do ; and she believed this all the more because the black faced fiend hod dragged the wicked wehr-wolf away by force, she struggled hard to resist him the while, in the direction of the fir grove bordering Clegg Hall lane.’ This was most discomforting and dis quieting information, and in addition to revealing the fact that his still fondly beloved wife had been abducted .by violence and against her will from the very ground of Clegg Hall, it let in a flood of light upon the kind of training and teaching which his demented daughter had received of late from Dame Dorothy, and, ho could not doubt, from evil if not indeed from practically mischievous motives. He now despatched mounted grooms in every direction in quest of her, and, taking Lucy to the shelter of the Lodge, he also stayed there during the brief remainder of the night, and far on into morning as well, anxiously awaiting their return and their reports; but those re ports, with onesolitary oxcoption,amouuted to next to nothing. The exception was an important one, however, for an inhabitant of one of the small cluster of cottages at Bcllfiold, re lated how that having got up in the middle of the night, through thinking there was a fox prowling about the hen roost ho had seen a man and woman, mounted on one hors' 1 , galloping at full speed across country, taking hedges, gates and overything that lay itTtheir course, and heading straight as it seemed to him, for Castle Hill, They were too far off,he declared, for him to notice anything more than that they were man and woman,and that the horse they rode was a dark colored one. Now oil this agreed very well with the statement, or rather the opinion, of Lucy that her stepmother had been carried off by the devil as a punishmeot for playing the roll of wehr-wolf so clumsily, for his Satanic majesty was in those days very prone to assume the human form, in order the better to play off bis malignant pranks, that is to say the current belief declared ns much. Bub the statement pointed also in the direction of a very human abduction, made either through love or cupidity,most probably, Sir Horry thought, the latter; for suspicious as his wife’s conduct had been on occasions, and deeply mysterious on not a few, he could not credit her (as a more suspicious husband raightjhavedone)with having set fire to the hall os a cover to an elopement; besides which he was vain enough to believe that she loved him and him only. 1 Towards the Castle.' They rode towards the castle —towards Rochdal»,in fact he next soliloquised. ‘Then, ten to one ic is somewhere in Rochdale that he intends to hide her away, until a good round ransom is forthcoming; for a large town lends itself far belter to such a purpose than even the deepest depths of a forest. Well, T will hie me to Roch dale with Lucy, and what’s more live there, at all events until this mystery is unravelled.’ As Clegg Hall was no longer habitable, at all events by any one who had the slightest r.'gaid for comfort, Sir Harry carried his sudddft tesolution into effect nt once,and his handsome travelling carriage having been got rtady,noon beheld father and daughter located at Lisbon Hall (in later years called Sumraercastle) which had for sera* months been to let furnished on account of a sudden and unexpected business having called its owner, a merchant, back to Portugal. They took a sufficiency of the Clegg Hall servants to wait on them there, Early In the afternoon Sir Harry visited the old house in the Wood, in order to acquaint his wife’s parents with all that had happened ; and when ho had hoard the narrative to an end Mr JEUdclifto burst forth, as though involunu tarily, with— •Haleamus Greenwood! It’s that, scoundrel, Haleamus Greenwood, her hus —her Aster's husband!’ . ' Then, ns though he was fearful that ho h»d said too much, old John drew in his horn*, ai.d thehce horwurd seemed as though ho had suddon’y turned stupid ; at nil events nothing more of un at ali enlightening nature could be got out of him while all the advice that poor dis tracted Mrs Radcliffo seemed capible of giving was : 'Oh, offer a reward'—off**r as large a reward as you can afford, Sir H .rry. Nothing, but money will got her back— nothing—nothing.’ Bub he had soma reward bills printed and stuck up at once, offering a thousand pounds for the recovery or return, of Lady j Howarth, and the placards stated that' she * was known to have been forcibly abducted from the grounds of Clegg Hall for tire sake of fraudulent gain, hut that if slio was brought safe and unharmed to Lisbon Hall no criminal or other proceed ings would bo instituted against the male factor who had perp< tra'ed the outrage,’ fto. It was .-.evening before . Haleamus -Greenwood rode into Rochdale, put up his horse at the Hark-up-to-glory Inn, and then took a stroll around the town for the sake of picking up information. S It was on a hoarding in Yorkshire street that he first come across one of the huge reward bills, and its poru-al gave him tho most intense satisfaction, *1 wonder if “Old Harry,” as I’ll make free to dub him m private, will stiek to his word concerning the not taking of criminal or other proceedings against tho individual whom ‘ho thinks proper to call a malefactor, when, to my notion speculator would have boon a much more polite and correct name?’ soliloquist and Haleamus, in his usual oaustid way. '•Well,* ran on tho current of his thoughts, ‘ I will take time to turn tho matter well over in my mind before I accept sooourtcous an invitation to walk into what may aflor nil provo a spider’s parlor,and moan while I will carry to Ruth first sup of consolation,' and so, at a much later hour, ho did. qH AFTER LXIY. There wore times when Haleamus Greenwood was not altogether brutal. Thus on the present occasion ho repaired to the old house in Ghost lane (or Gooso lane) only and solely in order to give Lady Howarth comfort by tho assurance that her captivity would in all probability, bo noth von so tongas ho had told her that it might continue at their last parting, together. with tho amount of reward that Sir Harry had offered for her discovery . and restoration, and t the annexed oondi» tionrthat Would fonder it in all . Lability a safe and easy matter tb bring about. !. Ruth was surprised when the door of her prison chamber was suddenly opened and Haloamus appeared on the threshold, but she was glad to see even him,so oppres sive and altogether fearful had tho solitude and the silence of tho old haunted Nunnery become to her. Aye, and she would have been almost thankful to have seen him had ho even grasped a whip in his hand, with (he evident intention of chastising- her therewith. He, however, had brought her kindness in its place. ‘ Lady Howarth,’ ho commenced by saying 1 your husband has offered a thousand pounds for your restoration, and furthermore guarantees no harm to the restorer, wherefore, ns soon ns ever I have convinced myself that he is in earnest on the latter point back you go to him, and into my pouch goes the thousand pounds. I thought that it would please you to know all this, and that is why I have come to tell it you. Bub having said my say I will be off' again, for I can assure you, madam, that a glass of Hollands, a pipe, and a rattling chorus at the Old Pack Horse or tho Harknup to-Glory, have greater fascinations for me now than even your, I’ve no doubt, charming and delectable society.’ Ho had meant to have delivered the concluding portion of this speech in a tone of careless indifference, but he did it with bitterness instead, for though he had treated Ruth like a dog while she was hia wife (or, at all events, while she esteemed herself to be such), he nevertheless dog-in the manger fashion inwardly resented the speed with which she had united herself to another, even though he very well know that she had done it for no other reason than thereby to conceal her identity and so preserve her life. Perhaps Lady Howarth guessed, to a certain extent, what was passing in his mind, for she hastened both to thank him for the consolation he had brought her, and beg him ‘ not to linger there a single moment on heraccount,asthe books he had provided her with were very interesting, and would|now,in all probability,raorelhan last out the brief terra of her imprison ment.’ So thereupon llalcamus bowed once more biting his lips with renewed vexa tion the while, and then turned to go ; but hardly was his hand on the handle of the door when sounds reached him from below which caused him to spring back in alarm, and ejaculate Greedy, ‘Tracked, by heaven !’ ns he hastily locked the room door on tho inside, ‘ Be silent, on your life,’ lie then said in a harsh whisper, with an entire change of manner, as he turned a scowling and threatening glance upon poor Ruth, at the same time drawing a loaded pistol out of his pocket, ‘ If they have made up (heir minds to repossess you gratis and for nothing, (hey shall only have you as a corpse,’ lie added with even an increase of ferocity. ‘ And if you attempt to communicate with them in order to obtain their succour I shall n'ake you o-;e all the quicker.’ Having thus secured her silence through terror, llalcamus listened once more, and in half a minute or so he felt thoroughly assured that two, if not three, people had entered the old house through the door which he had carelessly left unfastened, and were uow walking about in the down' stairs rooms and passages. i Naturally, ho did not fora moment doubt but that suspicion had alighted upon himself as tho author of Lady Howarth’s abduction from the grounds of Clegg Hull, that he had consequently been secretly watched and followed from the time of his entering Rochdale to the present moment, and that it was the oliiccrs of the law, Kd on very probably by Sir Harry Howarth in person, who had now so nearly run him to earth and discovered his p;ecious secret as well. Fortunately according to his view of the case he had contemplated the possi bility of such a catastrophe, and had taken steps to prevent it being success' ful. He had been able to do this because ho knew mere of the secrets of the haunted Nunnery than did most folks. Ho had explored tho old mansion, and unravelled every mystery connected there with, at the imminent hazard of his life, too, snno three and a half years previously, when he had contemplated tho practicability of making a fortune by starting in business as a coiner, instead of by marrying an heiress, and ho had done it because coiners could only con duct I heir nefarious manufacture in the mo*t Secret and undiscoverable or most shunned of places. Turning sharp round on Lady Howarth, ho now said to her in a threatening whisper, 1 Stuff ns much food into your pockets as you can, but make no sound as you value your existence. All will yot bo well if you obey mo quickly and implied'ly ; but if you don't, matters will be very ill in.l-. cd with you.’ While ho was thus seeking to encourage and to frighten her at the same time, ho was also filling 1m own pockets with provisions, caudles, and other things out of(ho cupboard. Ruih trembling followed his example, and, half a minute later, ho pushed her gently on in front of him towards tho door of the room which when ho hud first brought her to the old house, ho had tohl her guarded the entrance to tho subterranean chamber, which the murdered nuns had boon thrown into by tho Roya' Commissioners, and (his he optmod by leaning ovor hor, almost enclosing in her arras I ho while, ns though thereby to prevent all possibility of her doubling upon him and giving him tho slip. Pushing her into tho inner chamber diroobiy tho intervening door was opened wide enough, ho slipped in aftor hor, and hastily yet carefully scoured it in tho icar; when by tho light, of the candle which ho carried in his hand, Ruth per ceived (hat they stood within an apart ment that was nob much larger than u box room, or a capvcious old fashioned store closet, and lh*b had upon one side a yawning fissure, Hko the entrance to a ohvern or a mine, up which came n raw, damp, and foul smelling air. At sight of tho oorio-looking hole Ruth guessed in an instant that it was tho one about which she had hoard such a horrible tale, and tho terrible apprehension im mediately seized hold of hor that Hals camus Greenwood was about to murder her and throw hor thorodown in the same manner ns the poor nuns, had been treated, and in her dire terror she would hnvo shrieked aloud, had he not perceived her intention, and to prevent its fulfil ment pressed a hand ovcr>her mouth, at tho same time whisperihgMu hor oar— ‘Bo quiet, you litllo fool, and foar nothing, for you should know by this time that I’m not tho man to chuck away a thousand pounds, or to run my neck into n nooaa either, where it can possibly bo helped. Had I intended bo kill you why tho deuce should I have bidden you put food in your pockets? Dead women don’t want victuals, do they ? There’s nothing at tho bottom of that hole but a passage, end you’ll reach it without so much ns a bruise if you’ll only follow my directions, aye, wherever you go. As for the nuns, they were thrown into a very different hole, and I on'y told you ’twns this one at the first to tamo and subdue you. To comfort you furthermore I do solemnly promise you that the fresh prison which I’m about to secure you in will not in all probability tenant for four aud.twenty hours, at all events if I can possibly prevent it you won’t.’ This speech was certainly reassuring, and Ruth at once arrived at the conclusion that by far her safest course would be to obey her gaoler in all things, for that she was wholly at his mercy could not enter tain a doubt. Knowing by the expression of her face that she had made up her mind to this course, Greenwood vouchsafed to call her ‘ a sensible Hi tic woman after all,’ and then he lent as it were over the chasm, and drew out of the darkness a long plank, having an iron hoop well adapted for a foot rest, secured to the bottom thereof. Depositing this on the floor of the room, with fully a third of its length necessarily hanging over the abyss, he bade Ruth lie down at full length there on, plant her feet firmly against the ring, cross her hands on her chest, thereafter not to move lest she should receive an injury ; and not daring to refuse, she did exactly as she was bidden. Then Greenwood pushed the plank gently forward, and in an instant more it began to slide down the gulf, at so terrible a speed that Ruth could not have shrieked ou r , oven had she tried, for sheer want of breath. She vaguely felt that she must be dashed to pieces upon reaching the bottom, iost-ad of, that, when the bottom whs reached, the plank slid along it for some way, and then gradually came to a standstill, so that when she had got back her breath Lady Howarfch discovered, almost to her surprise, that she was wholly uninjured. She was in complete darkness, but it did not for long envelop her, for almost immediately there ensued a sharp clicking noise, which might have frightened her had she not recognised it as the striking of a flint against steel, and as it ceased the rays of a candle illuminated the awful gloom, and behind it was the face of Halcaraus Green wood. ‘ Fear nothing,’ said he, ‘ for as I have kept faith with you in this matter so shall L in others. Many of our troubles look to us like a bottomless pit until wo boldly fathom them, and then, lo and behold, we find the bottom to be no deeper and no more terrible than this one has proved.’ He then took her by the hand and led her along the low, narrow, and damp subterranean passage for it might have been a quarter of a mile, and until the rocky floor thereof commenced lo trend upward somewhat when presently he stopp d opposite lo a door, drew a well oiled key from his pocket, and inserted it in the huge and rn-'ty lock. ‘ 0!», not in tin re—not in there,’ screamed Ruth, as a terrible apprehension seiz d her, though she could hardly have told why or for what reason. ‘ Surely even you would not be brutal enough to imprison me in a charnel house. ‘ Not if I could provide you with a pie wan I or and a more who’esome place of captivity a-sur'diy nob This door leads into no charnel h use, however, but into a chap--!, and whore could One who prides himself upon 1 e : ng a Ohristain bo srfer or hnpph r than in a chapel ?’ The d ’’or scrooped open as lie spoke before (lie s'e »dy pressure of his clis eogigcl arm, iv d leading his captiw within it he quickly c'ojed it behind them. Then Lady Howarth glancing timor ously aroutul, dheoven d herself to be in what SGomod to be the strangest place conceivable. The floor wus fi gged, the roof vaulted, and supported every hero and there by short dummy pillars, while everywhere around were stone monuments of the departed, all alike, in shape, and having on their flat tops the sculptured form of warriors clad in chain mail, their feet crossed upon cushio s, a cro-:s upon their breasts, and their huge two handed swords lying by their sides. But the horrific part of the aflair was that eich tomb had a transparency of some kind let into one of its sides re press nti eg I he crucifixion or some agonising martyrdom of Christian saint or warrior, all of which were illuminated from within by an apparently unquenchable pi d never expiring light, doubtless phosphorescent in its nature. On o-.o side of the eh ipel, which wa evidently a mortuary One, there stood a carve ! stone altar, supporting a crucifix, that was flanked on either side by three lull candlesticks, but whatever mi tal these h ul once been composed of they were now us bLck as ebony, though spotted with patches of vivid gnen. ‘ Oo my soul, Ruth, I both hope and believe that you won’t tenant this grue some place for more than twenty-four hours al the very outside, and 1 am prepared to run oven a Hello extra hazard in order to proservo you from so doing. Meanwhile, however, you are in excellent company hero for the warriors who, pillo wed on buckles cold and hard Ho, all around you have all in their d»y fought for thr Gross and for Zion, so that even their ghosts should be bettor and more welcome protection to you than the companionship of doubtless much less estimable living folks. Bor the rc-t you have sufficient food and candles to last you with care an entire week, and behold I have forgotten neither your book nor your wine.’ So saying ITalcamus Green wood emptied the contents of his ample pockets upon one of tho monuments. ' But what place is this V asked Ruth faintly. ‘The mortuary chapel of tho Knights’ Templars, whoso precoptory tho haunted house in Goom Lane was centuries before it was converted into a nunnery. It is situated, I calculate, immediately boaeaUr (ho still standing Keep tower of the old Saxon castle. Perhaps tho subterranean passage was formed to enable tho knights to retreat from tho precoptory to the castle as tho stronger defence in time of need,but all that 1 know for certain about this place is that I discovered by chance, and once upon a time contemplated pro faning its sanctity,if it still possesses any, by making it a don—not cxactlyof thieves, but of coiners.’ And with a scornful and contemptuous laugh Greenwood suddenly darted out of the chapel,*aml locked tho door behind him. (TO UK OOKTIN’UKD.) Masy of tho chimneys in the manu facturing districts of Lancashire a< d Yorkshire that may bo seen towering for hundreds of feet abovo tho towns and cities, have cost sums varying from .£3000 to £8000 each ; and tho huge pile of Imausonry which forms tho chimney of Messrs S. C, Lister (Lord Masham) and Go., near Bradfoad, cost just over £11,000. 