Rev. S. G. Fielding's Novel. " j WE have IQ hand, from Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, a copy of "The Southern Light," a novel by the Rev. 8. G. Fielding, of St Matthew's, Windsor. The book is well bound and printed, and contains several realistic illustrations. A careful perusal discloses the fact that many of the incidents recorded were incidents in the life of the writer himself, who in his youth " went down to the sea in ships,''and participated with others in a calling in which it was necessary to face "all the perils of the sea." The story is well told, and many of the situations so realistically pictured are sufficient to excite the interest of every reader. Mr. Fielding is to be congratulated at his success in this direction, and the publishers are entitled to a word ot praise'for the very excellent manner in which they have placed this book before the novel- reading public. Of it the " Daily Tele graph " says .-Messrs. Ward,. Lock, and Bowdan also send- us a copy of a new Australian novel, "The Southern Light," by S> Ai Fielding, illustrated by Warwick Goble. Though this is a tale of the sea, filled with tbe kind bf maritime adventure that will insure it a welcome in the library of every natural boy, it opens with "two horsemen"-a favorite curtain-raiser with mom than one well-known writer of romance. Only here, our .equestrians are not plodding along a convolvulus-covered hawthorn- hedgedEngltsh lane to a fine old manor house, half buried in ivy, and haunted by a family ghost. Nor are they wind ing wearily up a narrow defile itt the Rocky Mountains. They are riding across our own New Seuth Wales salt bush, in search of cattle that have strayed away from a station, owned by a wealthy squatter, and uncle pf the younger horse man. Failing the object ol their quest, a fierce quarrel ensues between the boy Fred,, and his tyrannical relative, which ends in a sudden part ing. Fred comes to Sydney, and, after a few days semi-starvation, varied by an occasional sixpenny meal in Lower George-street, finds among the vessels lying at Circular Quay a ship going to China, tn which he embarks. Then comes a series 'of adventures, and many hairbreadth escapes by storms and official cruelty, a final fortune (left by the repentant uncle), and a settling down. The young sailor, Fred's friend, who gazes on sunsets, and quotes -Coleridge half-unconsúiously, is hardly natural ; and Fred himself can be pedantic on occasion. But he is a bright, brave young fellow, and deserves the good luck that falls to his share in the end. In 1810 a bill was introduced into the House of Lords to the effect that persons should not be executed " for the crime of stealing property to the amount of five shillings." This bill was rejected, and an archbishop and six bishops helped to vote it down. If you oannot-obfcain "Myfa Tea" in your 