i an OAK COFFIN. I (By the Authors of Tux Medicine Lsdv.') I The moment we found ourselves I alone, I said a word , to tbe pplice-con- I stable, and then going .;qnfekiyjDp Jto, I the coffio, lifted the lid. Under ordinary - I circumstances, each a proceeding would I be followed by appalling.. results, which I need not here he described.- Mackenzie, whose face was very white, stood near I me. I looked at him for a moment, I and then flnng aside tbe pail which was i meant to conceal the face of the dead. - The dead truly ! Here was death, which had never, in any sense, known life like on re. Mackenzie altered a loud exclamatlou. Tie constable and the coroner's man came close. J lifted a" bag of flour out of the coffin There were many timilar bags -there. It had been closely packed, and evidently with a view to counterfeit the exact weight of the dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speech less. The coroner's man began to take copious notes ; the police-constable gravely did tbe same. Mackenzie at last found his tone. ' I never felt more stunned in my life,' be said. ' lb very truth I all but, saw the man die. Where is he J In the nsme of Heaven, what has become; of him ? This is tbe most monstrous thing I have ever heard of in the whole coarse of my life, and — and I attended tbe funeral of thoBe bags of, flour ! No wonder that woman, never cared to see me inside tbe honse again. Bot what puzzles me,' he continued, ' is the motive — what can the motive be J' ' Perhaps one of the insurance com panies can tell ns that,' said the police- officer. ' It is my duty to report this thing, sir,' ho continued, turning to me. <1 have not the leaBt doobt that tbe Crowo will prosecute.' ' I cannot at all prevent yon taking what steps you think proper,' I replied, 'ooly pray understand that the poor lady who is the. principal perpetrator in this fraud lies at the present moment at death's door.' ' We must get tbe man himself,' murmured the police-officer. If he is alive we shall soon sad mm. Half an boar later, Mackenzie and I had left the dismal cemetery. I had to bony back to Harley Street to attend to some important duties, but I arranged to meet Mackenzie tbat evening at the Heatbcotes' house. I. need not say that my thoughts were ranch occupied with Mrs. Heatbcote and her miserable story. What a life that wretched Heatbcote mast have led during tbe last six months. No wonder he looked cadaverous as tbe moonlight fell over his gaunt figure. No ghost trnly was be, but a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves — a man who " was supposed to be boned in Bonsai Green, but who yet walked the earth. It was about eight o'clock when I reached the Heathcotess'. how. had already arrived — he came into the hall to meet me. ' Where is Misa Gabrielle f X asked at oncp. Poor child,' he replied ; " I have begged of her to stay in her room. She knows nothing of what took place this morning, but is in a terrible state of grief about her mother. That onfor- t-inate woman's hours are numbered. She is sinking fast. Will you come to her at once, Halifax — she has asked for you several times,' Accompanied by Mackenzie,! monnted the stBire and entered the sick room. One glance at the patient's face showed me all too plainly that I was in the chamber of death. Mrs. Heath cote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still the hair of quite a young woman, was flung back over the pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, aarg, anq ,-awxui in . expression, turned and fizedthBtaselves on me as I approached the bedside. Something like the' ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy hand to grasp mine. ' Don't stir,' I said to her. 1 Perhaps you waDt to say something t. I will stoop down to listen- to you. I have very good hearing, eo yon can speak as low sb you please.' She smiled again ; with a sort of pleasure st my understanding her. 'I have something to confess,' she said, in a hollow whisper. 'Send the' nurse and — and Dr. Mackenzie out of the room.' I was obliged to explaiothe dying woman's wishes to my brother physieia n. He called to the - nursetafollow him, and they immediately left the room. As soon as they had done so, I bent my bead and .took one of Mrs, Heath- cote's bands in mine. 'Now,' I said, 'lake comfort — God can forgive aioipo have sinned V ' Oh, yes, yes ; - but -how; can you possibly know t' ' Never mind. I am a good 'judge of character. If telling me will relieve your conscifKOfespfmk'?. ... , ' My husband is alive;' die murmured. 'Yes,' I said, ' I guessed as much ' He had insured his life,' she con tinued, 'for-iforiabotol fifth pounds. The . money was wanted to — to save as 'from diehoDodr. We managed to counterfeit— death. - She stoppedjaarif '.unable, toy-proceed any further.- Aweek: ago, she con: turned, il-r-I sawt the roan who is supposed '"to t>'e-3ead. THe is'really dying now. The stramot Rowing that I could do nothing top lto— nothiggitp comfort his last momrote-waartoq horrible. I felt that l could not live withouthim. "On-theAay-ofmy illness hemp SeU I tiifl ssammusfWf Here she looked towards the door. A grek'chu came -'btotr her face. Her eyes sbooe frith apdden brightness. A look of awfei joyliUed them. She made a frantic effort. to raise herself in, bed.- : -"."s "j, ;'y I followed the directiori of -her eyes, and then, indeed, asbartied examination GftbrieH%fcb.her " theeks crimson, her lips : br«Bntou'i hers ihair tossed wiiaiqsBSBSfiw was julranangintoxhe frwXdinga , cadavetons,'|iaoai$%lrTe dying chamber. i --"V"; ' \-- - ' Ob, . Horace.. J' -she. exclaimed ' Horace— to dieinyour arms— to know that ybn will toon join me. This is too much bliss— this is.topjgreat joy !' The man knelt by herpntyfiyiiig arms round hfer, and she aid '8>er.-: bind on bis" worn breast?, ' We y?ilj lea ve them !t')gel h?.I said toGabrielie. ' I took tibe poor little' prl'8"iiaiia!®Shd led her from the room. She. was in a frantic, state of excite ment ' I said he was not dead,' she repeated — ' I alwavs said It I was sittine bv my window a few minutes ago, and I saw him' in 'the garden.' -This -tiroeT- was determined that he ehoold not escape me. I rushed downstairs. He .toiew nothing until he saw me at his tide. I caught; his . hand in mine. It was hot and thin. It was like a skeleton's faanci — only.it- hurnedwith living fire. ' Mother is dying— come to her at once,' I said to him, and (hen I brought bim I into, the honse.' ..'Yon did weilir--yon acted very bravely,' I replied. tether. I took her away' to a distant part of the house: An hour later, Mrs. Heathcote died. I was not with her when she breathed her las. My one object now was to do what I could .for -poor little Gabrielle. In consequence, therefore, I made arrangements to have an interview with Heathcote, It was no longer possible for the wretched man to remain in biding. His own hours were plainly numbered, and it was more than evident tbat be bad only anticipated his real death by some months. I saw him the next day, and .he . told me io a few brief words the etory of his supposed death and burial. 'I am being severely punished now,' he said, ' for the one great sin of my life. I am: a solicitor by profession, and when a young man was tempted to appropriate some trust funds— hoping, like many another has.dpne. before, me, to replace tbe money before the' loss' was discovered. I married, and had a happy home. My wife and I were devotedly attached . to each other. I was not strong, and more than one physician told me that I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight months ago, the blow which I never looked for fell. I need not enter Into particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over twelve thousand pounds, the amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within three months' time. . If I failed to realize this money, imprison ment, dishonour, rain, would be mine. My wife and child would also be redneed to beggary. I bad effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If thiB sum could be realized, it weald, cover the deficit in the trust, and also have a small overplus for tbe use of my wife and daughter. I knew that my days were practically numbered, and., it did not strike me as a particularly heinous crime to forestall my death1 by a few months 1 -the "matter over with my wife, and at last got her to consent to help me. We managed every thing cleverly, aod not a sool suspected the fraud which was practised on the world. Our old servants, who had lived with us for years, were sent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the house except a charwoman, who came in for a certain number of hours -daily.' 'You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill,' I answered. 'That hemorrhage, the ghastly ex pression of your face, were, sufficiently real to deceive even a keen aod clever man tike Mackenzie.' Heathcote smiled grimly. '"After all, J he said,: 'the fraad was si mple enough: I took anemetfo, whioh I knew would produce the cadaverous bne of approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage was managed with some bullock's blood. I got it fram s distant- batcher, telling.. Jam tnat x wantiid.it fojmik" with meti tq. feed my dogs with.' / 'And how did ypo -deceive, the under takers men !' -I asked. 'My wife insisted on keeping my I laps covered, and It managed to simu late rigidity. As to the necessary cold ness, I was cold enough lying with only a sheet over me. After! wgs plapedin the coffin my wife would not allow any one to enter the room but herself : she brought me food, of coarse. We bpred boles, too, in the coffin -lid. Still, I shall never forget the awfnl five minutes during which I was screwed down. ' It was all _ managed with great ex pedition. As soon as fiver Hhh%bder- taker'a men'could-he got out <ffthe>way, my wife nescre wed - fhs jxp «and re leased me. We then filled itwilh, bags of floor, which we hpd afpead speared and hidden for the purpbsei my sup posed funeral took, pjhme with doe honours. I left the house that night intending to ship to America. Had I done this, the appalling consequences which have-now eudtgl yn the idM&hftf; my wife might never have taken place, but,. at the eleventh hoar, my courage foiled me. I could do mach. to ehield: my wife , and, cbild#? bpt I. could ' artj endnre the ihodgtli of never to eeetheni again. Contrary to all my wife'e en- : treaties, I insisted on coming into the; &en;,4rir Aim selfieh pleasure of catchy ing even a glimpse of Gabritile'e little figure, as she moved aboot her bedroom. She saw -menace, hat 1 escAped lbrough; the shrubbery and by a door whlcbgjwej kept on purpose unlocked, - pre, she readied me. I thought never again transgress, IbptWiffliBort the temptation asBailed mej $ndX not proof agtunpt&it.; %a)ui|Ealet rapidly. ,1 pas rralllyinaand finthi had snfferqa'?from.AsnninB aaBfo 'mi SwaT .. .H«%&t9.jwasri.;_ i He_passed awayvQt dvenitifTinlte .quietly in his . Poor J,-!" saw her once since her parenta" 'death , but it is now a couple of years since I have heard any thing about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she. was subjected I What does the future hold in store for her 1 1 cannot answer .these aneslioniL Timn nlnnn can do that. — The Strand Magazine. (the end.) . 