THE CUP. A TIP FROM.DBEilLIHD. ' Death of the Dreamer. And Victory of his Dream Racer. [By Grand Fla.kecb.] Sisce 1870 almost every writer who his been entrusted with the description of the Melbourne Cap haB managed to work in the story, known through the length and breadth of the land, cf Craig's dream, his sensational wager, and the victory of Nimblefoot, which was to be preceded by his own death. And each year since dreamers bave turned up, mostly after tbe event, wbo saw the race run, and noted tbe winner in their sleep, but omitted in their waking hours to put any portion of their wealth on hie chances. * ? * Most men, and some women, have been visited at times in their sleeping lives by nightmares, bnt very few have been troubled to any serious exteDt by race horses. I have had occasional experiences of both, and prefer tbe nightmare to the racehorse, for the sufficient reason that there is no opportunity to back the night mare. In my dreams about equine con testants in any big event, I have been as much misled as if I had followed tbe selections of a professional tipster, or taken the office frem a man who bad just got it ' straight from the stable.' ? V ? In Brave's year, after spending an evening with some of the boys in a snug hostelry in Swanston-street. during which we all took a little too much of what we wished in the morning we had not taken so much ef, I remember going to deep with the refrain of something one of my friends had told me, in whisky- whispered confidence — 'Back Brave, an1 win' — ringing in my ears. Anwin, it will be remembered, rode Bravo to victory in 1889, starting at 8 to 1 in a field of twenty. But this could scarcely be re garded as a dream, and I did not back it, fer I looked upon Melos as a ' monte,' and I 'fell in,' with a good many thousand ethers. The wife of a friend of mine dreamed Zulu won the Cup, and described tbe' scene so vividly, though she had never been at Flemington, and knew no more of racing than she did of cattle-droving, that her better half invested — ' threw away,' he put it — a fiver on the three legged little black, who started at 100 to 2, and beat the mighty Darebin, whom the public had elevated to tbe position of favorite at 3 to 1. When he drew £225 iny friend was disposed to admit there are more things in Heaven and Earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy. He has tried several times since to persuade the lady to get to sleep and dream him up another vrinner ; but that race took all the prophetic starch oul of her. She broke down after bur maiden effort, and never dreamed racehorse any mere. Of dreams after the event there are hundreds, scores of them true, according to tbe dreamers. Most of them are rather circumstantial than actual representations of the event, and only on interpretation after the race could they be associated with it. or regarded as indicative of any thing. Then it occurs to the recipient of the tip from MorpheuB that he Ehould have backed Carbine, because he saw (in his dream) a cup smashed by the fall of a gun, or Malvoiio because ho dreamt he was riding in a ' Kedfearn ' train7.; or followed Tarcoola because he saw a man asphalting the walks ;in the Park, or backed Patron on tbe strength of seeing an Irishman win a footrace. Creams which are not recalled until after any event cannot rightly be regarded as prophetic thereof, and the story of tbe dreamer should alwayB be taken with a handful of salt and liberally sieved for indications of fiction. m * » Of strange warnings in dreams there are innumerable instances, but since Nimble foot's year no dream nearly similar to Mr. Craig's has been recorded until this present Cup. A resident of a suburb (the name is withheld) dreamed some time be fore tbe 5th of November that be saw the race, heard the winner's name shouted, read the description of the event in the papers, that he died, and that his wife, dressed in deep mourning, collected his winnings. He backed Auraria for a Bmall amount — what he could afford — and died and was buried before the race was run. And bis widow did call at a bookmaker's office in the city and collect bis winningc. This story was told to several of hie friends some time before the race, and from one of them I gathered the follow ing:— ? ? - \- Yes, it's trne,' he said, ' poor old ? , he dreamt it right enough ; and be was just as fully convinced that he waB to be 'sent for' as he was that the vrinner would be the horse he dreamt of. . ' I don't know that be told bis wife, but be told me the next morning and persuaded me to chance a couple of pounds, which I did, though I never took a wager before, and don't know sow whether the winner was a mare, or a horse — I don't follow raoing tt bILV^b*^ -?- «*? 1 1 did not ete bim egaiimlive, bnt bis \ \ last words to me were, ? Back that herea and come to my funeral.' 'Though I did not take much notice of bis dream, I'll be hanged if I could .laogh it off. I felt impressed in some way^and I can tell you I was thankful it was he and not I who had dreamed the dream or seen the vision, whichever it waB. One thing struck me as strange tfter- j| wards. He did not know the name of any ? ! horse in tbe race, and did not see, in bis [ dream, any except the winner. There was I a cloud behind the first and only horse he £ saw, though be could see the spectators ! and hear the shouts of its name as it I passed tbe winning poet \ 'Sow I did not back the winner till the day after be died, and Til tell you a strange and uncanny experience 1 had the previous night. ' I was asleep — soundly, too, and ci troubled by any kind of dreams, /rarely use them. And I knew I was aBloep. You may have had a similar experience. Known that something which was apparently taking place was not actually happening, bnt merely a dream circum stance. ^ 1 1 saw him come into my room, and sit on the edge of the bed. I moved ever to . give him space to bit comfortably, and heard tbe bed creak eb be thifted hiB poBitien.-,--^ ' His eyes were open, but his face was ghastly in its pallor, and hie voice sounded ' ': as if it came from a long distance off. 1 I'm dead, old man,' he said. ' Don't forget to back that horse, and be sure -end come to the funera!.' . . ' ' I must have awakened at once, lor scarely hod the words been uttered before I was out of bed and had the candle alight, and I am willing to swear that I expected to see him sitting there. I was saOBtied be was playing a joke on me. But when I found the bedroom door locked on the inside and the balcony windows similarly fastened, I don't mind telling . you that I was as frightened as any school girl who has been sitting up alone reading ghost stories till midnight ? 'And I'll tell you this— whether I imagined it or not I can't say now, but ^ I believe I eaw a dent in tbe mattress where he sat down ju6t as distinct as if a - living being had impressed it with bis weight. ' I took his tip and went to hiB funeral. Made a few pounds, and lost a true friend. 'Explain it? No, I can't, and don't want to be able to. When my turn comes I want to step out without any preliminary notice, even if it comes in company with ''CT^ a tip by which I can make enough to ensure myEelf a decent burring.' 