STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. Ip. Rignold's Farewell, Presentation of a Testimonial. Ma Mie Rosette — Mark Twain's Second Lecture— "My Sweetheart" at the Royal— Tlvoli Attractions —The Empire Programme- Professor Kennedy, Mr, George Rignold took his farewell of Sydney audiences on Saturday night, and ad vantage was taken of the occasion to present him with an illuminated address and silver, tea and coffee service on behalf of the citi- zens oi Sydney. Tho historical play "Clhncarty" was produced for the occasion, and though there have been much larger audiences within Her Majesty's Theatre, there certainly nevor was more enthusiasm 'displayed, Mr. Rignold, in the title role, was accorded an ovation at bis first appearance, and for at least a minute the progress oi the pioce was intorrupted by tho continued applause. When again he proceeded to acknowledge the gift presented on bebalf oi the subscribers by the Hon. W. J. Trickett, M.L.C., he was for some momenta unable to Bpeak owing to the great cheering. "Olan- carty" was excellently staged, and though its last production in Sydney was many years ago the dramatised version of that par ticular piece oi history concerning tho plot to assassinate the Prince of Orange in 1696 is well known. Mr. Rignold acted the part of Clancarty with all his usual vigour, and he was most ably supported by Miss Maud Williamson as Lady Oiauoarty, Mies Agnes Knights as Lady Betty Noel, Mr. Sterling White as King William III., Mr. William Holnian as the Earl of Portland, Mr. Harry Piimmer as Lord Woodstook, Miss Fanny Reynolds as Mother Hunt, Miss Edith Clpyton as Susannah (Lady Ciancarly's maid), and Mr, Scott Inglis as Lord Charles -Spencer, with the rest of Her Majesty's company in smaller parts. The end nf the second act was the time choeen lor the presentation, Mr. Trickett said he had been honored by the committee in being asked that evening to make tho presentation of a testimonial to Mr, George Rignold, Mr, Rignold was about to leave Sydney for a time— he hoped he waB safe in saying for a time— and although some of the piays which had been presented in the theatre may not have snited some of the public the thousands of colonists who had attended week after week and year after year all testified to tho great ability of Mr. Rignoid, and that lie had been a lasting succesB. Whether they had seen him as the handsome and manly King Henry V., as the- great orator Marc Antony in "Julius Cmsar," as the wiley Mephiatophiea in "Faust," or as the modest J osepb in "J osoph of Canaan, "they could all state that he had shown marked ability, which had been thoroughly appreci ated. Not only had he been successful in that respect, but he had made Her Majesty's Theatre remarkable for the best aceuic re presentations the - city had ever had. ( Ap plause.) He had now been in Sydney and in that theatre— where he had so often been associated with his charming and respected wife— (cheers) — for a term of eight years, and for one man to have held the boards continuously for that time spoke moat elo quently of the capacity of George Rignold to please tho public. (Cheers.) In losing Mr. Rignold they were sure to .lose many 'familiar actorB and actresses, aud ' that led him to remember another pleasing trait in Mr. Rigpoid'e character- he had. always stuck to his friends, ' (Ap plause.) Many a young aspirant to theatri cal fame might thank George Rignoid for a favourable entrance into public life. He and his, wife, were about to leave Sydney. He had had many and weil-deserved euloginms by the press, of which he might well be proud. (Applause,) The pnblio had, year alter year, attended that theatre to witness his great representations, to admire their earnestness and purity.- (Applause.) The public or Sydney wished Mr. Rignold and bis wifo every - happiness and success wherever they might go. He hoped they ' would have that success which they so " well deserved. They were going away . knowing, as they must know, that th'ey were leaving behind .them a colony which would be glad to hear of their welfare, and always more glad to have them back again to enjoy theirsplendid representations. (Applause.) He referred to Mr.' Rignold's successors, end then, on behalf of the subscribers, presented Mr. Rignold with a beautifully illuminated address and a handsome silver tea and coffee service. Mr.- Rignold, as soon as the prolonged cheering bad subsided sufficiently to enable htm to speak, eaid lie supposed it was natu ral that be should be embarrassed after the fraceful and eloquent manner in which Mr. rickott had presented to him the charming souvenirand the illuminated address. Shakes peare eaid somewhere that " Rich gifts wax poor when givers are unkind," but be (Mr. Rignold) -might say that "poor gifts wax rich, when the givers were so kind." Not that he meant to say that the gift was not rich ; but what he would like to say was that the feeling of pleasure he exporiouced was multiplied teufold by the manner in which the presentation had been brought about. He Beerned to know intuitively how it was all arranged. Jones met Brown and eaid " Are you conscious that the 28th ia the last uig'nt of Rignold's managoinent?" "No, is it? I think we ought to get him some little souvenir," and so the word was passed on from mouth to mouth, till at last a committee was formed, and eventually a large and sufficient sum of money was con tributed by the citizens oi Sydney to pre- sent'him. with something. Then oame the difficulty — ha seemed to kuow it all— what to present him with. Perhaps some suggested a watch and chain, or something to hang on his watch-chain. All sugges tions were impracticable for some rfiason or other. Then, probably, someone suggested giving him a purse of sovereigns, but the majority knew that he would not like that, beoauBe he bad made it a rule of his lire never to borrow a pound from any man. Then it camo to the suggestion that they should present bini with something com bining usefulness with ornamentation, and thus had chosen the beautiful service. Mr. Trickett and tho committee had boen very kind, and he thought the presentation a most handsome one. It took away from the thing any suspicion of selfishness — it was something that could bo seen and used. And when they were miles away hie wife and he, sipping coffee— tbey had many quiot hours together, he was happy to say, and they both liked coffee— they would see in it those kind Sydney friends who had honoured two who might have done more than tbey had. He thanked Mr. Trickett for the kind things he had eaid ; and he also desired to thank all tne subscribers, and particularly Mr. Richards (city surveyor), Mr. Daniels (town clerk). Dr. Burne, and hie dear friend Mr. James Ross (of the City Bank). He thanked them most sincerely as that was his last night of management at Her Majesty's. It might be considered that ho should say something abont hie future. He could not say much. He felt something like a tomcat who came back to the house aftor it had been deserted and rubbed itself up against the water spout. He was loth' to leave the boards whereon ho had trodden for ao many years, till they seemed to be worn into a hollow- where be had won so many viotorieB, and sometimes been defeated. He had not much more to say than to thank them. Mrs. Rignold was as gratified as himself at the honour done him. The future was hazy and indistinct, and he could not explain what might happen. It was bis first intention to go ' straight to England, but after reflection he found, that' he would reach there about I the middle of winter. Ho "now in tended to play a short season in ' Melbourne, and tlion hoped to have timo to return and see the Blue Mountains, the Hawkesbury, and the oaves, of -whioh ho bad read so much but never seen, and he thought that it was' a duty that ho should see them. Then be should go to London. He wouid play in New York and probably in London, for Ho'warvain enough to think some of the produotions at Her Majesty's were good enough for either of those two great cities. (Applause.) . He wished his successor at Her Majesty's every luck, and he felt confident he would keep up the reputation of the theatre. He - now took his leave, and if . it should transpire that be never again appoared be fore them he hoped he might not fade in their memory too quiokly. The sojourn of himself and his wife in dydney had been ono of the incidents of their lives which would never iade from "their memories aa long as thoy lived. With tboso words hebadothem good-bye for a while at least. Great oheering followed, daring which. Mr. Rignoid led bis wife forward, and she was accorded quite an ovation. ... As already announced the Criterion management have docjded to withdraw " The Judge "alter next Friday evening, in formation that should be of use to those who have not yet seen this very amusing comedy. On Saturday Miss Amy Roseile and Mr. Arthur Dacre will, with the strongest avail able support, commonce a season with "A fcrap of Paper." At the Empire Theatre on Saturday Speed and Delohery's Grand' Empire Com pany scored' a distiuot and well-deserved success with the acquisition, to their ranks of five new artists. Miss Edith Wilson, as a danseuso, scored a decided hit,' and Miss Bessie Morgan, a contralto of no me n power, was encored in "When We Meet." Mr. Horace St. George, in " The Old Turnkey," treated his item in the most effective manner, and the public were not slow to appreciate. Mr. Speed- but everyone bnows that success attends him— was in the best of form. Other members were .Messrs." T. Deiohery, Charles R.Jones, Miss Lvola Tnompson, the May- field Sisters, and others, all more or less creditable. The entertainment conoluded with a clever little skit on " aasaiety" en titled " Government House Ball." Another tremendous burst of applause greeted Mark Twain on Saturday night as he came quietly on to the platform at the Protestant Hall to deliver his second lecture. As on the first occasion, the large hall was densely packed, and many were unable to find seats, but they seemed quite content with standing room. As soon as the applause, which lasted some minutes, ceased, the lecturer, who had been bowing his acknowledgments, stepped a little forward and said he thanked them most deeply and sincerely for the welcome they had given him. He hoped that he would always deserve it. He hoped he would never do anything to lose their good will, which he understood, was not merely the good will of a day or two— not merely the good will, of, say, the day before yesterday— but of a good Iong standing. (loud applause.) He hoped he would never do anything to forfeit it, but he should always, strive to do his best to be worthy of their kindness. Some time he might get ip an elaborate sermon on morals— that was, if he ever proposed to teach morals.; But" ,he. had '/never taught morals. (Laughter.) . He always wanted to do so, but he did hot know Anything about morals — (laughter)— except goodohes— (loud laughter)— but he' could rectify', that diffi. culty. (Laughter.) - In this way Mark Twain got gradually' on the very best of terms with the large audience before him, and in a few moments .managed .to glide most naturally .into .-his .first story, which wae all about an interviewer, in the telling of which he.. had .the. audience completely convulsed from time' to time. Ho went along from ono item to another in his won derful repertoire, '.relating humourous Btories and anecdotes of his own experiences and from his books in a way which kept the audience deeply inter'stcd and highly amused throughout. .-There was a. little about interviewing, a little about duelling, two or tiree . good , nigger stories, such, for in stance, as how the nigger Henry found his mother and Uncle Dan'l's ghost story. There was in UI>(g & tegular -string of humorous stories, and it would be' very difficult' to pick out the best, so well were they all told. The longest perhaps was the one having refer ence to Buck Fanshaw's- death, which is given .in, "The' Innocents at Homo," i and which probably ;; all. the admirers-of Mark Twain have read over and over. He related. this, etory in. a remark ably clever way, keeping the audience in roars of laughter as he told of the prepara tions for Buck 'Fanshaw's - funeral, how Scotty Briggs, the committeeman, visited the minister, and how they both got mixed before they began to see. To-night the third lecture will be delivered, and to morrow night tho first night's lecture will bo repeated. . At the School of Arts on Saturday even ing Professor Kennedy gave farther mani festations of his. wonderful mesmeric power to a largo audience. Peoplo laughed until thoy were tired at the ludicrous behaviour of the victims to the' professor's influence. The usual programme was gone through and some new features introduced. Those under the mesmeric . influence went to sleep in the most uncomfortable positions, sang their favourite songs, drank awful concoctions with tpe greatest plea sure, and indulged in all kinds of vagaries, to the intense amusement of tho audienco. The evening ended with a boxing contest, the combatants thinking that they were two champion prize-fighters, the result being most disastrous sb far as tbey wero con cerned. There is no doubt that Mr. Ken nedy wiil have a long run of success, aa most people enjoy a good laugh, for doctors say that a hearty laugh is better than medi cine. : The production of "My Sweetheart " at tho Theatre Royal with Miss Amy and Mr. William Gourloy as the leading lights has met with the success which it has deserved, and on Saturday night . the house was well filled. Tony and Tina carry on their little loving and coaxing and tiffing in a manner that is interesting and, clever, and which is enlivened by pretty . songs and d&nces; to the delight of all. As the design ing Mrs. Fleeter Miss Nellie Morlyne fills an admirable part, and is. capably sup ported by Mr. Mario Majeroni. Mr. Fiola's Joe Sbctwell stands out as a most able per formance, and his appearance at the right time ia enthusiastically received, as his " Louisa, yer lovin' 'usbaud is awaiten' for yer ontiide." The individual work of all the members of the company is highly en tertaining, and "My Sweetheart" should continue to retain his popularity. The Tivoli Theatre drew the usual packed audience on Saturday evening, a really good show being presented. Miss Millie Herbert received an enthusiastic reception for her descriptive song, " A Widow's Plea for Her Soo," which was rendered with pathos. Miss Ada Colley rendered " Sing, Sweet Eird " and " I Was Dreaming" with charmingeffect. Mr. D'Ensem gave the " Romany Lass" finely, and Mr. Wallace King, in pare and Bilvery notes, sang "Irene, Good Night." M'KisBon and Kearns, who made their re appearance, presented a comical specialty " Silence and Fun," the house being greatly amused at their antics. Charlie Faning was in rare form, and brought the house down repeatedly, and the " Musical Lunatics" as depioted by the Leslie Brothers, were responsible for a great deal of hilarit-y. Harry Shine mad6 many sides ache with excessive laughter, and Winlon, the ven triloquist, made his turn a capital one. The lady serio-comics contributed acceptable items, and the other members of the com pany usefully added their quote. The revival of opera at the L'ycoum on Saturday night was marked by the attend ance of a very large audience vand, a display t exceeding cordiality in the reception fas- corded to ovory principal oi Messrs. Wil liamson and MuBgrove's excellent cam- pan). In the selection of '.'Ma Mie Rosette " as the opening, work there was wisdom, for the opera is one of the prettiest and most popular of the firm's great reper toire, aud has moreover brought in- pro portionately . as rich a harvest as any othor work in tho list. On Satur day thcro was a hearty welcome for Miss May Pollard, the new Rosette. Those who. know tho particular charm of this lady's style will understand, that hor performance was at all times soft and re fined, and that the tendor trustfulness of the rustic maidta was cleverly shown throughout. . Furthermore, Miss Pollard sangtwectly and witu foeting. In other re spects the cast differed in no way from former ones. Mr. Wallacu Browulow made a bravo display physically and vocally as the amorous King, Mr. Taplsy, whose reception waB specially sympathetic, repeated a suc cess as Vincent. Mr. Lanri aud Miss Marietta Nash, as Bouillon aud Martha respectively, flirted frivolously and danced delightfully. Miss Florence Young was again the handsome Corisande, aud Mr. Howard Vernon aa the military relic were all ex cellent. The opera, it neod scarcely bo said, was charmingly staged, and the per formance generally was as full of life and brightness as any eycr given by this ad mirable organisation. To-night and on Friday "Ma Mie Rosette" wili be repeated, and on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday "Madame Angel " will be revived. The Cyclotama drew an immense crowd on Saturday night, the crush at titnos being eo great that people had to be refused ad mission. "Jerusalem" 18 certs.iniy a auperb specimen of scenic art, and tho hun dreds who viewed it on Saturday were much impressed with its ; magnificence. ; I A concert is to bo held ia the Centennial Hail on Thursday, under thn patronage nnd in the presence of hie Excellency the Lieu- tenant- Governor, Lady Barley and many other distinguished persons, having for its object the raising of a fnud on behalf of the widow of Captain Robert Smith, a gentle man weli end favorably known in Sydney. Captain Smith vras one of the unfortunate passengers who lost his iifq by the wreck of ice Cattertbun, and his death has left bis widow in disucseed circumstances. A large and fashionable audience will be present at the concert, which promises to be one of the best of the season." A largo audience attended the city organ recital on Saturday night. M, Wiegand opened an excellent proarammo with the overture to "11 Flauto Magico," following which he played Goria's "Etudede Concert," Beethoven's beautiful melody, "L'Absence," Gounod's " Jeanno d'Arc," Handel's " Angels Ever Bright and Fair," the "Largo Cantabiie of Haydn's "5th Symphony," concluding with Best's arrangement of "l'hc National Anthem." 