MRS. TREGASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIANS' LIFE. . Br MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, _ .; Authoress of "An Australian Heroine,* "Policy and Passion," "Nadine," "Missk - Jacobsen's Chance," "Arina," "The* ■ Romance of a Station," and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) "The Right Honorable," " The Ladies'Gallery," &&, &&. : i [Published by special arrangement with the authors : All rights reserved,] CHAPTEE in.-I[NMATED. . . ' While Dr. Geneste was making his moon» • light journey Clare Tregaskiss lay within the • mosquito eurtains on one of the two beds in her room, her baby by her side. The other • bed was still vacant awaiting per nusoancu. Ning was sleeping on the sofa in the sitting room, an improvised mosquito curtain protect ing her face and chest in, it seemed, but an in-- • effectual manner, for she stirred and muttered . and flung her little arms out from under the j sheets in a restless slumber. The door between ■ | the two rooms stood open and the lamp, turned down, cast a blurred glow and gave out. a. disagreeable smell of bad kerosine. The air in the room was dry and scorching, the zinc roof . throwing down heat as though it_ had been the top of an oven. There was neither shutters * nor curtains to the window, and the moon' shining through the thin white cahco. blind gave the effect of an opaque illuminated oblong. Myriads of insects were astir— mosquitoes, cockchafers, moths, flying ants, and beetles—all kinds of winged uncanny things, circling round towards the lighted; doorway and filling the place with a low roar, which was a sort of accompaniment to the noise of the township, the oaths of bullock-* • drivers "wetting the wool" after their unlo'ad ings, the click of billiard balls, the loud chaff of bushmen and diggers in the hotel veran- . dahs, and the sound of the bells hung round the necks of bullocks and horses that were going out to grass. As the evening wore on and the men took in more and more liquor the oaths and ribald language, distinctly audible through the zine partitions, became unpleasant hearing for the ears of a refined woman. Clare had tried in vain to escape from the brutal sounds, had shut the window to find that this made little dif ference, and that it was impossible to endure the stifling heat. She was not so horrified ah the bad language as might have been many a woman. She accepted it as she' accepted other disagreeable conditions of her life and sur roundings, with a certain lofty tolerance, mingled with stoical resignation. She took refuge in imagination after a fashion of her own, and now deafened herself to what she did not wish to hear by recalling the swing and beat of some orchestral measure, or by a mental phonographic process reconstructed in fancy the swelling rhythmic measures she had heard at a Wagner recital. She was not musical in ; - the technical sense. She could not sing a note,' and even had she possessed a piano at Mount Wombo her performance wouldhave been poor. But she had an almost passionate love for deep sounding complex harmonies. Organ vibra tions stirred her nerves as did nothing else, and of all the pleasures of her old Condon -life music, which she had once thought would be dispensed 'with most easily, was that for which she now had the strongest craving. But the effort of memory grew irksome; the . unreal sounds died away and her mind came' back to the present. She looked down upon her baby. Poor little thing ! She was fond of it, of course; but why was she not as fond of it as some mothers were , of their offspring,? Why did it seem to her only a cruelty that it should have been born into a crude, harsh, un sympathetic world, insufficiently .equipped for the moral struggle by beneficent hereditary influences ? Why should she, who felt herself unfitted by temperament for the burden of . such a responsibility, and who had a. weary distaste for the whole business of multiplying her kind, and could see no usefulness. in it, have been chosen as the producer of this new atom to swell the generally unsatisfactory human aggregate? The two Papaw apple trees growing in front • of the hotel, imaged on the blind, caught her eye. They had straight, spear-like stems and crowns of spiky leaves, which, as a faint wind stirred them, made weird shadows. One was a male plant, the other a female. She could tell this by the outlines of feathery flowers hanging below the leafy plume of one and the grotesque shapes of pendant pumpkin-like fruit on the other. Was there no escape even in vegetable life from the bewildering sex pro blem? ' She was thinking these thoughts, when the clatter of buggy wneels and dull thud of tho unsliod hoofs of packhoraes sounded up the street and then stopped in front of the hotel. Presently she heard the voice of her children's father in answer to a shout from'one of the bushmen in the inn verandah. " Hullo, Tregaskiss!" Those horses of your3 looked pretty well knocked up." Tregaskiss had a full rather loud .voice, . with the rise and fall of intona tion common to Australians, and an. im perious ring in its notes which, according to occasion, might take the form either of bois terous cordiality, or of ill-temper. "Had the deuce of a business," he went on. " The brutes bolted last night from the Grave—half way to Brinda Plains. It's all that damned Brinda breed; they have a trick oi making back. But these are slashing mares all the same, as you can see by daylight. I wouldn't wish for better goers. They'd pull a buggy out of anything." Clare winced at the expletive. She had risen when the buggy stopped, and now sat a ghostly form wrapped in a light dressing-gown at the side of tnebed. She had not minded the "swear words," as Ning called them, when the bullock-drivers bad used them, but sho did not like them in her husband's mouth. . Tregaskiss exclaimed, in the tone of irata superiority with which white men often address their black servitors, "Lookout there, Tony, George, you infernal idiot; haven't you yeb learned fiow to unstrap a pack. Oh, good evening, Mrs. Rnffey. bend some' one round, will you, if they're not all in bed. or drunk. Has Mrs. Tregaskiss come?" "She's upstairs,". announced the landlady. " As for my men being drunk, Mr. Tregaskiss, they keep that for off Sundays. You'll spell the horse a day, I suppose ?' "Not I. We clear out to-morrow and ■ serve the mares right for sweating themselves on the bolt. Let's have a light, Mrs. Ruffey, and show me the way up. Oh, look here; you may bring me a nip before I go upstairs." After a few minutes his heavy step shook" the creaky wooden stair and zinc walls. Mrs. Ruffey had not thought it necessary to ascend. Tregaskiss shouted down to her, "Thafs all right. I know where I am. The black boy can bring up my swag. Let me have some thing to eat, will you ? and you may as well send me a bottle of whisky and some cool water if you've got any." He pushed open the door of the sitting- . room and turned up the [smoking lamp. "Phew! By Jove it's hot and beastly smell ing." He flung -Ride the ricketty French windows which led out on a narrow balcony. "Whereare you, Clare? Oh, here's the^ica ninny!" Ning, whose pet name for Thyra was a cor ruption, graduating as "Ningie," of her father's title for her, "The Picaninny," had been roused by the noise and the flood of light, and now started from her sofa bed veiled in mosquito netting, which .she tore off in a bewil dered haste—an elfish creature, with tangled hair and wide suddenly-awakened eyes. "Daddy!" . ... "Yes, you brat. Give us a hug, picaninny. Did I scare you ? Been dreaming, eh ?." "Mine been dream about Debil-debil," said Ning solemnly, relapsing into her blacks' ver nacular. "Mine'think it Debil-debil get in side me and take me over the paddock-fence into his big fire. But the fire went out and God came and asked me if I was a good girl; and then God took me back to mummy." Tregaskiss laughed loudly. " That was a good job, wasn't it! We don't all get out of Debil-debil's clutches so easily. But then we ain't all good little girls. Oh, you're a pica ninny yet, you are. Daddy's picaninny! Come. There now. A right down good old ' hug." He caught the child in his. arms, mosquito netting and bed-clothes trailing behind her, and smothered her with loud sounding kisses. " Where's your mummy f' " Pm here, Keith." Clare stood in the doorway. He took up the lamp, still holding the child, and looked at his wife. . " Good Lord, Clare! Poor old girl! Yon do look like a ghost. " Knocked up, eh V "Yes, rather. We started at 4 o'clock this morning. It's a dreadfully long, slow journey, stopping at all the little roadside stations. I'm really glad the railway doesn't go any further. I'd much rather travel in thelmggy and camp out." " Well, you'll have two nights of that, and I was thinking we might spell a day at Brinda Plains. The Gripper has been behaving a little more decently lately. I helped him with his muster and I rather want to talk to him about wife fencing the boundary." " Oh ! How Lave things been getting on, Keith, on the station ¥' " As bad as can be. No sign of the drought breaking up and. cattle dying everywhere. ' There was tne devil of a mess driving down the ] last mob of fats and a bad sale at the end. ! Hardly enough to cover droving expenses. I ■ was a fool to agree to Gryce's terms. I told you so at the time, you remember, and you ' advised me to accept; £100 down on taking delivery and £50 a month for droving. It was ' exorbitant, but you misled me by telling me that was what old Cyrus Chance paid. I knew what a nipper he is and that he'd be bound to give the lowest price. It was all an infernal concoction of Cusack's new chums. The , Gripper put them up to getting a rise out of me. "Oh,. Pm sorry, .Bat it waen'Miom-tha Cusacks that I heard. Mr. Chance's store keeper told me those were the terms." "Well, it was a lie. Cyrus Chance never paid. anything like that. You must have muddled up figures. Women always do. I mustn't depend on yours for the future. But never mind, old girl. It's a good thing to have you home. Are you glad to get back to your old hubby ?" "I'm—very, glad, Keith. Yery glad, of course, to see you again." "And so am I to see you, old dear !" He pht the lamp on the table, and still holding King, whose head had dropped sleepily on his shoulder, went up to his wife and affectionately kissed her. "And the.picaninny, too. Good little kiddie. I declare 1 think I've missed her almost as much as I've missed you. By jove, the place has seemed a desert without you both." "There's a new picaninny now, Keith." " By jove, so there is. I had forgotten the little shaver for the moment. Let's see him, Clara,_ No, it's a second she, isn't it. I rather wish it had been a boy now, since the two other poor little chaps came to nothiug. Clare led the way into the bedroom where the baby lay, its little red face nestling into the pillow. Tregaskiss contemplated the creature with an amused interest, much as he might have contemplated a new born puppy. "Not a bad little cuss. I suppose it will get whiter in time. Looks rather like a blob of pink putty. Ning was much more human when she was six weeks old." "Dark babies always are. This one will be fair like you. Ning took after me." Tregaskiss turned his eyes upon his wife with a freshly kindled gleam of admiration. "So much the better for Ning, as she is a woman. Now if this brat had been a boy it might have taken after me and been a fairly decent looking chap on a large scale into the bargain." He gave the little fatuous laugh of self satisfaction which was a trick of his, and which always jarred upon Ciare. It was one of Mr. Tregaskiss's weaknesses to be somewhat vain of his' strength and robust good looks. He might in truth have been considered a hand some man of the coarser mould. Ten years ago, beiure his features had thickened and his skin had become red and rough grained and when he had become less inclined to stoutness, there could' have been no doubt as to the attractiveness of his person. One might have imagined a woman very much in love with him, but nofc_ a woman quite of the type of Mrs. Tregaskiss. Some little frail, amiable doll, perhaps, without much intellect, and the land of temperament which is naturally subservient to brute force. Tregaskiss was fashioned rather upon the Viking model. He was huge, as tall as Dr. Geneste, and much broader and thicker of girth. In spite of the active life he led his weight could not have been less than fourteen or fifteen stone. He had a great bull neck and a large head with close-cropped yellow hair, which fell into little rings over a round, low forehead. The eyes were bright blue, slightly bloodshot, the nose well shaped but broad at the bridge, and with two small fur rows on each side marking a puffiuess between the eye-sockets and the mouth which gave an appearance of coarseness. He had even teeth discolored by smoking, a yellow moustache ■with long points and a curly fair beard—the kind of-beard which divides in the middle and shows the cleft of chin. Although he was proud of being a "fine man" he was careless about his dress. To-night he looked disordered after his j'ourney, which was not to be wondered at —hot, dusty and redder than usual; his light alpaca coat had stains upon it and his colored shirt was unbuttoned at the neck, showing the inside griminess of the collar, and beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead and his great, red hands. (To be continued.) 