A Montana Divorce Suit. \- . » ,JJ- r— 'BY Wi L. ALDIOT ur "THE IDLER." . " Yon saW that tall chap standing on the 7 rear platform of the express when she went through here this morning ?" said the Jericho station-master. <:He's the Athensyille Baptist preacher, and he s en his way to Chicago to give his testimony In the great divorce suit. What ! I never told you about any divorce suit? Well ! x you surprise me ; for that there divoroe suit is jost the biggest thing of the kind we have aver had in this section of the country. 11 That Baptist preacher hasn't anything » to do with it except to swear that he married the plaintiff ana the defendant. There's nothing crooked _ about the Rev. Mr tlumphreys. He's as good as they sake 'em, though I say it myself ; ' ind I don't think much of Baptists is a general thing, having been brought up a Methodist, thongh I resigned from them when I was made a conductor, which is a berth that a man cant do any thing with unless he can swear a blue streak when the occasion arises. "Thishyer preacher took charge of Athens- ville Baptist Church a matter of -five years ago, and being aw-onderf ul man for managing a church, and making it attrac tive to the general public, it wasn't long before he had the largest congregation of >ny preacher in the place. That year the people built him a new church twice is big as the old one.. It stands on the hill about a mile out: of Athenaville, :or when it was built it was cal'lated that the town would grow in that direction, which somehow it hasn't done. 41 1 tell this just to show what an enter prising man the parson was. He insisted on having the tidiest steeple to his new church that could be found anywhere In Montana territory, and b'gosh ! he got It. People used to come from miles away to climb up in that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, the Wintry being too hilly in these parts to have much scenery, but for Jail that people were anxious to say that they had been to the' lop of. the steeple. "There was an old maid in Mr Humph rey's congregation who was mora determined to get married than any woman you ever saw. She was one of those thin, preserving- looking women ; and a mighty dangerous sort they are. Miss Payson, which was this lady's name, was bound to marry young man by the nsnm of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and well-behaved a chap as there was in all "Athens ville. Of coarse, he didst have the least idea of marrying $he woman, bathe was one of Ihose good-tempered chaps fhatare always afraid to say no when a woman aeks them, to do anything. » Good temper is the rain of lots of folks. It's kept me down, T know that. If I'd been one of tiiese crusty, rampageous fellows that never fioes a kind action if he can help it, I should have been superintendent of this road in stead of being only a station-master atone «f the smallest stations in the Territory. Never you be too good-tempered. Of the two, it ruins more men than whisky. 44 One day, Miss Payson she gets young Halsey to take her up in the steeple of the Baptist Church, . You see, visitors were al ways going up that steeple between the hours of ten and five, during which the sexton stayed at the church to attend to tilings, «i"d ' See that everybody conducted themselves as they should. At 5 o'clock he locked up the door that led to the steeple, and then he locked np the church door and went home for the higLt. "Miss Payson and her . young man went- up the steeple about three o'clock in "the afternoon,: but she - said she enjoyed it ftp much that Halsey was prevailed upon to stay there with bet a good deal later than tie had intended toetay. She kept him pointing out all the houses in the town and every hill and valley in the whole neighborhood ; and when she finally asked Mm to look at his watch and tell her the time, she was, as the pretended, dread- fully alarmed to find that it was half -past five. Halsey ran down the stairs and found that the door was locked, and nobody was within hearing. The sexton had forgotten that there was anyone np the steeple and had locked up and gone home at five o'clock, as . usual. Halsey came back and told Miss Bay- fcon who burst Into tears, and said that her re Station was ruined. She and Halsey would ve to spend the night in the steeple, unless he was willing to Jump oat of the window and break his neck.and she would rather die s thoonand times thaniet him do that. ; ; "Halwas considerably seared himself, for he saw that, unle88 be could invent 91 that steeple be would have, to marry her whetfaer hfe wanted to or not. He -thought . \- while, - Miss Payson J "- weeplng her level best and resting ; r® >u v forgetful sort of : "shoulder. Finally a bright ldea etrUck htm. There was the beH rape, whioh was a stout one-iucti mauiila. Why tooMdifthe !d«er MLe Parson to the gronnd-with it, andihen elide down- It him-. "He exphuM his plan to the lady,' but shefiidn'tseem tb likeit. She said she was sure the rope would break, or that he j#bhld drc it, or that she would be killed in some tori of way if the experiment was tried. 'No,' says she, I wiH remain here, and trust to your honor as a gentleman to defend me from, the sneers of the heartless world. I really haven't the courage to allow you to lower ma down this awful height with any. rope. "Halsey wouldn't hear to her objections, and argued with her along time. It wasn't until he accidentally mentioned that the -steeple wa3 jast chock fall of mice, and rats, tind bats, and such tfiat Miss Payson con- Bented to try the rope. Even then she was a tnighty dissatisfied woman, and came very near resolving that she would take the risk of the wild animals rather than lose Buoh a first- class chance of oapturing a desirable husband. Halsey rigged up a sort of seat for the woman, so that Bhe could .sit in the bight of the rope, with lashings around her here and there, and conldu't fall out if she wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the. window ledge, and lowered away. Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at first and begged Halsey to let her come back and die .close to him, but he wasn't going to have any worn an dying around bis -neck if he knew himself. So he lowered her down gently and' easily, encouraging her. all the time, - till he found that his rope had come to an; end. ltr wasn't qmte as long as he had supposed that it was, andibe upshot was that there was Miss Payson about thirty feet ; from the ground, with no possible way of reaching it unless Halsey should let go his holdof the rope. " He thought of letting go of it, bat, being a humane, good- tempered man, as I have said, he couldn't bring himself to do it, since the result would have been that either Miss Payson would have been killed or at least most of her limbs would have been broken. So he made the end of the rope fast to a beam, and called out to Miss Payson not to lose courage, and he would soon thiak of some way of getting her out of the difficulty. She begged him to draw her up again, and he actually tried to do it, blowing all the while what the 'consequences would be if he sacoeeded ; bat he foand that he didn't have . the neces sary strength. Miss Payson was heavier than she looked to be, though she was mostly bones ; but she was a good seventy-five feet below him and it would have taken two men of his strength to have hoisted her Into the steeple again. He polled at the rope till he wasjiretty near exhausted, for he natur al ty felt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he wasn't strong enough to do. However, he had to come to it at last, and tell her that if it was to save both their -lives he couldn't manage to pullher back into the steeple. So she settled down to cry, and he settled down to smoke a pipe, with a view to clearing his ideas. " All of a sudden he saw what he ought to do, and wondered that he had been such an idiot as not to have seen it before. There was. the bell just above his head, and all he had to do was to climb up and ring it by swinging the clapper from side to side, till the alarm should bring back the sexton with the keys. By this time it was getting rather dark, and Halsey set to work at that bell, and kept on toiling it slow and regular, for that was the only way he could manage to ring it. 44 It's the custom with as to toll the bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on the bell as the deceased had lived years. When Halsey began to toll that bell the Athens- ville people listened to find out .how old the deceased had been. When the strokeshad got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in the . town must have died very sudden, for he ha4 been seen . drank as usual and in perfeot health that afternoon as late as three o' clock. But the bell kept on, and soon, after it had tolled some two hundred and fifty times, and showed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that the sexton had just happened to hear about the death of Methuselah, and was notifying other people of thefact. 44 Yen may ask why didn't somebody go to the chnrch and find oat what the bell was ringing for. Well, for one thmg it was just supper time, and nobody felt anxiouB to take a walk of a mile or two just at that hour. Then, too, it had been said that the Baptist chttrchyard was haunted, and there wasn't any general de sire to interfere with ghosts in < case they ehonld have taken a notion to toll the bell. The tolling kept on till Halsey had toiled the bell four hundred times, and then the Rev. Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot; and When he heard Miss Payson's voice some where fn the air over hu head, he was con siderably 'startled, thongh not befeg a be liever in ghosts jw wasn't the least bit fright- ened. . . 44 4How on earth did yon come up there, . ma'am?' asks the Minister. " 'And what are yon tolling the bell for? ' "Miss Payson explained what , was the matter. She said that she and Mr Halsey had come to the church in the afternoon cal— 'lating to find the parson there, and to get married ; that not finding him they had gone into the steeple to see the view and had acci dental iy been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minutes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr Hum phreys would marry her to Mr Halsey with out another minute's deky, and so save her reputation, even if it didn't save her life. The minister wanted to send for help, ana get her safe on the solid ground before marrying her, but she said that she most be married before she could dare to face any. of her ; totvnBtiien. Such, she said, were also dear Mr Hakeys views ; and if Mr Humphreys had the feelings of a man .and a Christian, let - alonea Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage ser vice. " Mr - Humphreys firally consented, and calkd out 1 to . Hals tb; nod €ffien; lie should see the minister wuve; his right arm, that being the only way in which Halsev could make the responses, seeing as his voice didn't fairly reach to Hie ground. Having arranged thifl jatis- factorily, as he thought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in afaont twcHmlnuteB he had Miss Puyson married :tsr-Hr Hhlsey. Jew then the sexton came up with the keys and knowing where he conld lay hishand qa a leiagth of rope# be;tbokit up into the steeple witia hlm, and bent it on to the bell rope. Then he and Mr Halsey lowered Miss Pay- son to the ground, and came down the stairs together. 41 4 You'll find your wife .waiting for yon in the graveyard,' said Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsey. 4 She's naturally a little excited, and she's resting on a flat tombstone.' 44 'If you mean Miss Payson,' says Halsey, 4 1 can't understand why you call her my wife.' 44 I call her your wife,' said the minister, ' because I have just married you two, and I don't allow no man to question the binding -character of any marriage that 1 have a hand in.' " Married us 1' cried Halsey . ' When and where ? This is the first time I have heard of it.' 44 'Young man,' says, the parson, tnis- hyer's a serious subject, and I don't ap prove ot jokes on either weddings or funerals. Miss Payson told me when she was swinging, there in the air that yon and she wanted to be married the worst way, and so. I married yon. If there is any mistake I'm not to blame; I've done my best as minister of the Qospel, and if you don't like it yon can go to the Divorce Court and see if you eau get it -altered.' TteU you candidly that: Idon't believe any" court will listen to' yon, fbfTny marriages are iroaclad and ballet; proof every tjme, and worth a good sight more than five dollars that I'm waiting for yon to pay me. " "Well, Halsey went home pretty mad. without waiting to see Miss Payson, and the very next day he begins a suit for divorce. That's the great divorce suit I was telling you about when I pointed out the Rev. Mir Humphreys to you. It's been dragging along for four years. Sometimes it's decided in favor of Halsey, and sometimes in favor of Miss Payson, and then it's always appealed, and has to be tried over again. Miss Payson, she sticks to it that Halsey had agreed to many her, and that he under stood perfectly well everything tiie parson said while the ceremony was going on. The parson say a that H alsey nodded as was agreed npon when he asked him if he took Miss Payson to be his wedded wife, and all that sort of thing, and that Halsey had hold of the rope that was tied to Miss Payson, which was all the same as having holdof her hand. On the other hand, Halsey swears that he n ever- meant to marry the woman, and never knew that a marriage ceremony was being gone through, but that he just nodded oat of' friendliness when he saw the parson waring his hand at him. The evidence, as you can see, is pretty straight against him, and when he does happen to get a verdict it casts him a- powerful lot of money, for our jurymen are mighty honest and high-toned, and it takes a good deal of money to induce them to see things in a light favorable to Halsey. I'm in terested in the case because of its importance, for if the conrts finally decide that a man aati be married to a woman when he is 75ft above her,- and don't know what is goiog on, none of us is safe ; and first you know that some woman that is rushing through here on the express will be married to me while I am selling tickets in my office, and knowing no more about it than a child un hung. Well, there is uo use in sitting and dreading dangers that may never come to time, and I suppose that if it's a man's fate' to' be married he's got to knook under, and there's no good in worrying himself over it till the time comes.'' 