The following; appeared in onr Second addition yesterday. - "The Hew Pulpit." Ministers' Union. Hie monthly mooting of tbo Brisbane Ministers' Union was hold at tho City Tabof- naolo on Tuesday, whon thero 'wus a good nttonddncb, Rov. G. D. Buchanan (president) in the ohuir, una among tuoso present wero Rev. Dr. Hay (Rookhampton) and Mr. W. Brookes, besiaos several mhustors recently arrived in Brisbane to talto up work horo. Message from Rookhampton. Hio Rov. Dr. Hay, as representative of tho Ruokhumpton Ministers' Union, whioh union ho hold was tho fatlior of' otlior ministers' unions in Queensland, acknowledged tho cordial wolcomo givon him, and said ho brought as a mcssago from Rookhampton tho suggestion thut had boon thoro thrown oat, that ministers' unions throughout tbo country ' should ba brought into closor union — thnt a federation should bo formed for thoir mutual help. Ho alluded to tho importnneo of tho groat questions which woro occupying tho public mind, par ticularly tiiut of education, uud . in conclusion congratulated tlio union us representing tho ministry of tho distriot on tho spirit whioh- oxiHtcd amongst them. Tho Rov. Dr. then loft to attend to other duties. Presence of Strangebs. Rov, H. Vounqman called attention to tho prosonco of strungors, representatives of tho Press, in their midst. Ho did not liimsolf raise any objection to their presence, but ho asked lind they uny rules ou tho question to guido thorn P Tho President said ho was glad to welcome Btrnngcrs, and tho prcsonce of the reporters showed that tlio union was alive. Rov. W. Whale pointed out that thoy had appointed a Press correspondent, und stated that ho hnd always boon of tho opinion that thoy had mot together thoro us a ministers' union. While ou somo grounds it wus im material to liiinwhethor tho Press was repre sented or not, on others ho thought tho prosenoo of reporters wus not desirable. Ho referred tlio secretary to tho minutes. Tlio President maintained that thoy should n dmit tlio Press and they could always, if desirable, go into committeo. After soino discussion a motion was pro posed by Rov. W. O. Lilley, — " That the re porters ho' presont at tho mcotings of tho union," and tho motion was formully seconded by tho Rev. W. Wiiale. On a division the voting was equally divided. Tho President suggested that tho mnttcr stand over till next meeting, und his suggestion wus ugrood to. Resignation. Among tho correspondence rend was a lotter from tlio Rov. J. F. M'Swiiine, asking thut his name be takon off tho list of ministers of tho union. Ho pointed out that ho had attended but onco or twice, and asked to be informed of any indebtedness on his part to tho funds of tiio union. Tho Secretary drew attention to a' rulo providing for tho oxoisiou of tho names of ministers neglecting to attend tho meetings, unci under this rulo it was deoided to exoiso tlio uuino of tlio Rov. J. F. M'Swiiine, and also that of tlio Rov. J. ICingsford, who was unuhlo to tnko part in tho business of tho union. Application for Admission. Rov. W. O . Lilley said ho hud boen requested by Mr. Johnson, of Ann stroot, missionor, to nominate him for admission to tho union. After somo discussion it was dcoidod thnt- Mr. Johnson oould not bo received into tho union. ' The New Pulpw. Tho discussion on "Tho New Pulpit," tho subject of tho president's address delivered at lust, mooting, wus then proceeded with. Rev. W. Wiiale, ono of tho three ministers who bad beondoputcd to toko up the question, in opening his remarks, said that part of tho meeting was tho part ho enjoyed least of all Ho did not liko discussing an address a month after tlio ovont, ana ho pointed out that tho audionco was only partially the sarno. Also, he. said, distance of timo took off tho kcon edgo of interest and mado tho discussion what might ho termed cold-blooded. He tlieu proceeded to tlio ques tion, remarking thut tlio prosidont had asked thorn to diseuss tho address without discussing him ut nil, hut he did not see how to distin guish botween ono nnd tbo other. Rev. G. D. Buchanan reminded Mr. Whale Hint ho was discussing the opinions of the Rev. H. R. Hnweis, nnd nut his. Rov. W. Whale continuing, hold that in that cuso tho Rev. H. R. Ifnwoiu was not before them, und ho had no claim on their attention. Tho roport to his mind seemad to imply that tho person giving tlio address endorsed tho opinions of Mr Hawois. At any ruto, lio held it was considerably boncuth tho digni.y of tho union to ho culled togothor to listen to un echo of un artiolo, und bo asked to discuss the echo, and it wus certainly a position to wliioli ho would not contribute ; and so saying' ho resumed liis sout. Rov. G. D. Buchanan, reminded them thnt ho had told them tlmt thoro wore parts of tlin artiolo tliut ho did not ugreo with, and parts that ho did. Rov. Whale, after roconsidoration, resumed and addressed himself to tho subject of tho artiolo, truvorsing it mainly clause by clause. Ho maintained that the pulpit of tiio duy did rofoous the old truths, und ho denied tho implications that tiio ministers of tlio day woro lacking in intellectuality, consoiontioauuess, and courugo. On tho question of going to churoh to be entertained, lie hoped it would bo a long time boforo that was tho purposo of ohuroh -going, hut ho hold, novorthelGss, that a scrvico should bo entertaining Quoting at longth from tiio uubiished reports of tho address, ho considered Mr. Hawois'B artiolo was in many points uncharitable and insinuut- Rov. W. O. Lilley said Mr. Whulo had tukeu up an unsyinputiiotio tone in relation to the address, and in so doing ho had not got tho best out of it. As to Mr. Buchanan's non-idoutifioation with tbo urtiulu by ' tiio Rov. R. Hawois, ho did not boo quite how that could bo. As to tho address itself, ho deprecated tho tono of tiio artiolo, although to somo ox. tout ho believed in tho prinoiplo of it. Ho uocopted the principles, but ho did not liko tho shape. Rev. H. Younoman regretted tho position in whioh tlio uuiou was placed, and ho would rathor they hud had tho artiolo before thoin and that thoy had disoasscd it.- Ho -pointed out and dwult upon some of tho misleading statements oontamed in tho artiolo— misleading booause of . thp way in which thoy wore written. It contained mis leading poroses. To him, however, tho worst aspect of tho artiole wus that spiritual religion was altogether ignored. There wus no men tion iu it of tho Holy Ghost, uud tlioro wus no toauliing of tlio inspired life whioli camo from within. Aftor further discussion tho debate was terminated und tho business o uoludod. 