THE ffil-THOEPE GHOST, r.T “LUCY HARDY” (Mia C. Lom), Author of “ Our Dear Dogs,” etc., etc. ALL RKiITT.S RESERVED.] ‘‘Sleepy Hollow,” as I hare heard Fell Thorpe irreverently described by casual visitors, hut 1 loved the place well. It was one of those hundreds of pretty English villages lying nestled away amid green hills and woods, whose existence is practically unknown to any save resi dents in th1 vicinity. Jt had its ’‘great house’* near, but Sir Henry Oolvil, oar sou ire, was a muhl.'c-aged hachelor, who lived clnetly abroad or in Louden, only paying his country estate a brief visit in the shooting reason. There was no inducement for any family to burj' itself in a remote country nlacej without society, though my Uncle Philip bad been vicar at Fell-Thorpo for twenty years, and would not have exchanged tbo living for an archbishopric. A quiet, studious man, immersed in his books, Fell* Thorpe exactly suited hi n. Ho hated society; our village afforded none; his means were small; Fell-Thorpe was a cheap place of resi dence. He was a geod and earnest man in the performance of his clerical duties, but the most fervid zeal could not till up the entire day with pastoral work amid so small a population. .^o that with all his duties to his Hock, scrupu lously performed, Uncle Philip had yet leisure to pursue his beloved studies, anti think outhiB great alwnys-to-be-wriitcn book ; I believe on the subject of the differential calculus. Look ing back, I can understand what a sacrifice of inclination to dutj* Uncle Philip made when he consented to receive me, a girl of eighteen, into his quiet household. My mother was Uncle Philip's only sister, and had eloped with an artist twenty years before, dying when I wag shout six years old. Uncle Philip had opposed her marriage as strongly as so gen tie a creature could oppose anything, and if. was partly in consequents of his desertion by his mother (who had lived with him in his Loudon curate days, aud had kept his Inuse) that ho was was so ready to bury himself with his books in a remote country village. Little intercourse passed between the brother and sister in after years, although no actual quarrel ever took place (I cannot imagine uncle Philip quarrelliug with anyone), and after my mother died, my lather kept up no correspondence with his brother-iu-law. Only when my father was dying did he be tbiuk him of the relative of whom 1 knew nothing, aud write, consigning his penniless orphan niece to his care. Or my father I would prefer not to speak ; he was my parent whatever were his short comings. I believe, in his way, he loved me; he managed to keep me at school until I was eixteen, and then, when the lady principal, wearied of the irregularity of his payments, •politely hut firmly declined to retain me longer, he shared his Bohemian menage with mo, He had talent undoubtedly, and might have made his mark in the world had he chosen to do so, hut patrons and dealers weary of encouraging !?ll9 pever be relied, upon w coni picture or Seep an engagement, while a raste for cards and dice soon drains away a larger income than usually falls to the lot of even a successful painter. Two uncomfortable, restless years intervened between mj’ quitting school and taking up my residence with Uncle Z?hiUp—years of shilling about in cheap pen sions in France and Italy; of debts, duns, questionable Bohemian associates; years which taught me to appreciate oven sleepy Fell Thorpe as a haven of refuge from a troublesome Uncle Philip had generously responded to the appeal to receive his sister’s child, and even zn&dv; the sacrifice (no slight one to a man of his shy, recluse habits) of journeying so far as Dover to meet me and take mo to my new home. I shall never forget tie anxious, nuzzled glances the good old man cast at me Ls 1 sat opposite to him in the train, evidently regarding me as a strange creature, of whoso habits and ways he was ignorant. •• I hope you will be happy in your new home, my dear,” he said, at length. *‘ 1 have never been accustomed to take care of young girls.” ‘•I have always been accustomed to take care of myself, Uncle Philip: at least, ever riuce 1 left school,” I replied truthfully; and Uncle Philip’s countenance lightened consider ably as he said, in a tone of relief, “ Have you, Indeed, my dear: 1 am glad to hear it; I dare say we shall get on very well together.” Very well indeed wo had got on for over four years. My arrival had made very little difference in Uncle Philip’s habits, and Deborah, the old housekeeper, who was at first inclined to resent my coming, socn learned to tolerate me amicably when sho found I never interfered with her. For myself, it was such a blessing to bo spared all the mean shifts and contrivances of our former existence; never to have to confront insolent landladies or clamorous tradespeople, to live in an atmos phere of solvency and respectability; for small a9 was Uncle Philip’s income, it was amply sufficient to supply all his modest requirements, and even leave a little surplus over. Moreover 2 hud an occupation, auil occupied people aro never dull. I had inherited something of my father's artistic tastes, aud had cultivated my capacity for painting under his tuition. Fell-Thorpe was rich in “ bits” suitable for landscape paint ing: aud I was able, through a picture-dealer in London, who once patronised my father, to sell sufficient sketches and small studies to supply myself with a modest little income, «aough for all my private needs, uncle Philip absolutely refusing to allow me to contribute to the household expenses, which ho declared I scarcely increased. So wo lived tranquilly to gether Uncle Philip deep as ever iu his hooks, I busy with my easel. Dull as Fcll-Thorpe wag, we possessed one rource of excitement, we had a local ghost. The village church, though small, was an ex ceptionally beautiful one; it had been built early iu the fourteenth century by some un known benefactor, after the loving, lavish style in which our forefathers were then wont to erect sacred edifices, and through the poverty of the local residents had happily escaped the “ beautifying” (by galleries aud whitewash) cf the eighteenth century, and the yet more destructive “restoring'* of the nineteenth. A convent of nuns had formerly adjoined the church (the conventual buildings had been destroyed at the Dissolution) and a curious sort of gallery at tbo west end of the church was still called the “ Ivuns’ Gallery." It was shut iu by an exquisitely carved stone tracery, which rendered the occupants invisible below (unless ihey actually thrust their heads out of one single kind of “oeil de bccuf” in the middle of this stone screen) and yet enabled persons iu the gallery to hear the service in. the church below, and even to catch glimpses of the con gregation through the open spaces between the carving. This gallery was disused now, hut tradition asserted that it was onco connected by a passage with the convent; aud that the nuns bad been wont to occupy it on great festivals, when they attended service iu the church. Hero was the locale of the Fell-Thorpo ghost. Iu days of yore, so rau the legend, u certain valiant knight deceased, leaving largo estates to his eldest daughter Sibyl; but providing that, should she die without issue, they should descend to his youngor daughter Maud, child of his second wife. His widow, who proved the typical ** wicked stepmother,” had therefore a strong motive, if not to take the life of her step daughter, at least to keep her unmarried. This latter plan was easily carried. out. .Sybil was betrothed to a young knight who joined the Crusades; plausible evidence of his death was forgod, and the heart-broken girl easily per suaded to immure herself in a convent. When her betrothed returned she was for ever hidden irom his sight. Years rolled by, and some of the nuns, among them Sybil, now .Sister Ave, migrated to the newly-elected cloister at Fell Thorpe. Aud it bo chanced, ou one high festival, when tbo nuns were singing behind their stone screen in the church gallery, that Sister Ave beheld among tho congregation beneath, the lover whom she had long mourned as dead, alive and well, and with a fair young bride b}- his side. With one wild call on her lover’s name the nun thrust her head through tho opening in the Ecreou to gaze once more on his beloved features, and then sank back insensible, and expired, literally of a broken heart, as :ho scandalised sisterhood were carrying her away. And, tho story ran, on each anniversary of her death, a pallid face in nun’s coif and wimple looked out of the gallery, and a wailing cry resounded through tho church. It was even added that sometimes the spectre ** named” Borne of tho local residents, and -that the persons so distinguished invariably died during tho year; but tho ghost had not been “ personally interviewed” for centuries, ns its manifestations only took place at mid iglit, and tradition had not preserved the •5n etdate of Lady Sybil’s tragic demise. The legend was remembered because Fell Thorpe folk had so little to talk about. The old sexton, and oven Philip, conscientiously related the story tG any stray visitor who was taken over tho church ; and the former, at least, devoutly believed in it. Still, as no one in tho village was likely to bo in the church at the hours tho ghost “ walked” (we were far too sleepy for “ watch-night” or kindred sorvices), our local spectre wa3 at least a most inoffensive ' Among our few resident neighbors were an old major and hia wife, tho latter rathor an invalid. They had come to Foll-Thorpo some years ago, and apparently lacked tho energy to go away again. Their little house suited them ; Mrs Grant was benefited by the country air: they found variety in an occasional visit to Bath or Buxton, and returned to Fell-Thorpe always talking of removing, but never carrying1 out their threat. Uncle Philip and tho major became great cronies. From lack of other occupation, Major Graut became an enthusiastic archeologist. He took in a quantity of litera ture on tho subject—remarkably dull publica tions they appeared to me—and ho was always prowling about the church and finding (or imag ing) some hitherto undiscovered attraction in its hoary stones. Ho had lately lighted upon a small window in the chancel, now built up, and had conceived tho theory that this was one of tho ancient “lepers* windows’* (made to allow the victims of that fearful disease to behold from without tho church sacred rites they might not mingle with the congregation to share iu), and was simply wild to have this window re opened and tilled with stained glass. He suc ceeded iu infecting Uncle Philip with his onthu- ; siasra, but restorations cost money. This con sideration, howover, by no means damped the major’s zeal. His idea was that we should gather all we possibly could iu the neighbor hood, and then make an appeal to tho gene rosity of the public in the newspapers, setting forth how we had done our little all, and now appealed to “ lovers of archaeology” to help us to complete our good work. “ X’ 11 tell you what I’ll do myself,” said the 1 major, “Pll give you a beautiful old seven teenth contury alms-box in carved oak—I picked it up cheaply abroad one year—and you can set it up in the church and invite contributions for our fund. Why, my dear fellow, surely even the poor folk will feel a little interest m so important, so local, an object. Now Sunday week is your harvest thanksgiving—hy-the• way, Sir Henry will be down here then—you just preach a good, Impressive sermon, and point out the architectural gem I have dis covered, and invite liberal contributions.” “ Everyone is poor here,” sighed uncle Phillip. “Poor people can give something—look what a year this has been for the farmers (it was sunny 1SS7), beside we never had any rcallocal Jubilee Memorial. Now, tho restoration of this interesting—this glorious—window, would bo a very fitting one.” Carried away by tho tide of enthusiasm, Uncle Philip readily consented to exert his beat eloquence to induce tho congregation to bolievo that to contribute to our “ Restoration Fund” would be the most appropriate form of evincing their thankfulness for the harvest of 1SS7 and the Accession of 1S37. “ But we really cannot—knowing the circum stances of the congregation expect above-” “Ten pounds,” interpolated the major; “re member Sir Ilenry will be there and all his servants.” “ No, no, say seven—well, maybe rather over. Of course wo may gather more by special houso to house appeals.” £1 Tho festival day came, and Uncle Philip preached one cl his best sermons; lie really was eloquent sometimes, though ho varied consider ably, often preaching admirable, scholarly dis courses, but completely14 over the heads” of the rustic congregation, who had never read the Fathers and knew nothing of early heresies. But on this occasion Uncle Phillip laid aside allusions to Gnostics and Maiiicheans, and preached in a style comprehensible to his hearers; and I feltaanguine as regards the col lection we should find iu the box “ our neigh bor’s kind gift,” as uncle Fhilip explained this receptacle to bo. Unfortunately tho major and his wife were absent, also our senior church warden; tho former obliged to sfcatt earlier than usual lor Buxton in consequence of a fit of gout; the latter ill in bed. But both had promised to forward contributions to our “ Window Res toration fund,” so their absence would not affect us financially. “I will leave the box unopened until Satur ny,” remarked Uncle Philip as we ate cur early dinner. “ I should like Smith (the churchwarden) to be present, and it is possible that as there is a saints*-day service this week a trifio more may be added to the contents of the box after to-day.” I knew that Smith had somewhat “cold watered” the scheme of the collecting box, and understood that Uncle Philip was looking for ward to a mild triumph when it was unlocked. Saturday aftornoon accordingly my unde, Mr Smith (the keeper of the village* shop and vicar’s churchwarden) repaired to the church, I accompanying them as a curious spectator. “ And bow to see what our good neighbors have done for us,” said Undo Philip, as he un locked the box and raised the ltd. | Could we believe our eyes ? Uncle Philip j fairly rubbed liis as if to make sure that ho was j not the victim of some strange optical delusion. ! Yet. gaze as lie would, count as bo would, the fact rom.ained that eightpeuce in coppers and two peppermint drops represented tho entire “ thank offerings” of the congregation. Mr Smith first broke the awful silence. “ I never did hold with this new- fangled idea of tho major’s about a box.” he remarked solemnly’. “ Perhaps,” said Uncle Philip, iu the tone of one who catches at a straw, “people made a mistake and put their money into the poor We boasted an antique receptacle solabolled, which was opened quarterly, and its contents (if any) distributed among a few needy widows. It has been recently bo emptied, and was found empty still. Uncle Philip was a mild man, and a patient, but worms turn at last. He preached next day in a style wholly novel to his hearers, and, for once, tho entire congregation Bat awako and attentive, the bucolic miud slowly gathering that “passon do seem terrible put about liko by summat.” I sincerely hoped that .Sir Henry, whom wo all looked upon as tho ; worst offender, would feel pricked iu his con- ■ | science, and it seemed as if this was tho case, i for tho baronet lingered after the congregation had dispersed, and said good humoredly, “ Well, Mr Archer, you don’t give us a very good character for liberality, I really think you are a bit hard on us, though.” “I have my duty to perform and my messago to deliver, Sir Henry,” said my uncle, gravely. “ Yo3, of course. Only you know we are not Croesus down here, and if each gives according to hip ability —” “Are you aware of tho amount of last Sun day’s collection Sr” asked my uncle. “Not at all. I should recognise my own con tribution. though.” *■ Oh, would you,” said Uncle Philip, with a curious little Bmilo, “then if you will accom pany me to tho vestry I shall have pleasure in showing you what the liberality of Fell-Thorpe has considered au appropriate thank-offering at their jubilee harvest festival.” We entered tho vestry; Uncle Philip unlocked the quaint antique safe which contained the Communion plate, and drew out a bag which ho emptied on the table. “ .Six pennies, two half-pennies, three, no, four farthings, and two peppermint drops. I leave it to you to identify your own contribution, Sir Henry,” said Uncle Philip, with Parca3tic politeness, adding, “I scarcely think the remarks 3 made regarding this collection were unjustified.” Sir Henry stood with an expression or blank amazement upon hie ruddy good- humored “But, my dear sir, there’s something alto gether wrong here.” “ Exactly what I said this morning—it is sadly, lamentably wroug.” “ But I mean,” almost shouted the baronet, “ that this isn’t the real collection. I alone put in five pounds; I gave a five-pound gold piece, one,of tho newly-coined Jubilee ones. It occurred to me that you might get a trifle more for it as a curiosity. Mr Archer, the box has been robbed.” We returned to the church, and scrutinised the box closely. Neither the lock nor tho box bore the least signs of having been tampered with—und yet, where was tho gold five-pound piece? “Tho box has a large opening,” Baid Sir Henry. “ It would not bo difficult to insert a thin stick or piece of whale-bono, smeared with bird-lime, and so extract the coins. I have heard of such things being done before.” “ But there is no one bore likely to do such a wicked thing,” said Uncle Philip, warming to tho defence of his parishioners. “Well, I don’t know. Fell-Thorpe can furnish a poacher or two, my gamekeepers tell me. It is clear that the box has been robbed, Mr Archer, and you ought to have the matter investigated. By tho way,” and tho baronet paused before leaving tho vestry, “ do you keep that fine Sacramental plato in tho church?” It really was fine plate, uuusu ally valuable to be in use in a village fane. Some two centuries ago it had been presented to the church bv a pious maiden lady, who bequeathed her modest savings for the purpose of replacing “ye altar plate and furniture,” which Waller’s eacri ligious troopers had plundered in the Civil Wars. Apart from their intrinsic value, the massive chalices and paten were exquisite specimens of silversmiths’ workmanship, and might have graced a cathedral. “ Where should I keep the Communion plate but hero; it Inis been safe in this vestry for two centuries and more,” said Uncle Philip. “ Well, it soem6 clear that thieves have carried off something already from the church, and I hope they will not pay you another visit,” said Sir Henry, and departed, leaving Uncle Philip in a condition of the deepest dejec* "I thought my flock misers—am I to be lieve them thieves also ? ” he nskod, in despairing tones. Tho village constablo and Mr Smith were both summoned to give counsel in the matter, hut without much good result, the former frankly avowing that the matter 44 beat him; ” tho latter repeating that ho had “never held” with tho box. A plate hold at the church door would have obviated all risk of robbery. Mr Smith, however, made one prac tical suggestion that certain pieces of money should bo marked and placed in tho box. Should the theft be repeated and these coins changed in tho village they might lead to the identification of tho thief. Uncle Phil p listened dejectedly to a sellerso which seemed likely to place him in the unenviable position of a prosecutor of one of his own parishioners; but Mr Smith was insistent, and some coins duly marked were dropped into tho box. Wo spent a miserable evening at the Vicarage. ' Uncle Philip, an almost morbidly conscientious mam gave himself up utterly toself-ieproache?. It, after twenty years’ pastoral work, his teachings had borne no bettor fruit than this, it was a clear proof that he had mistaken his vocation—ho was unfit for his post, and so on ; until Deborah, who was clearing tho table, openly “ dratted ” the major and his scheme of restoration. 44 If he’d a boon content to leave tho church as ho found it, there’ll a been no box to rob, and master wouldn’t a boon worrited.” Truly, “les absents out toujours tort.” Every one seemed to put all the blatno on poor innocent Major Grant. Uncle Philip was equally despondent wbeu Monday came: so much so, that in the afternoon I made up my mind to go off and see if the Grants had re turned, as they had arranged to do on this day. Major Grant was a cheery little body, and would pay him a visit. Besides, l was naturally anxious to be the first to announce the startling news of the suspected robbery. 44 You’ll be caught in the rain, MisB Annie, Pm thinking,” remarked Deboiah, as she saw me about to set out on my expedition. I bail a good two miles’ walk before me, the Grants living at the extreme end of the parish. 44 If it raiu3 I may wait to dinner and walk back with the major afterwards,” I said; “don’t let Uncle Philip wait for me if I am not back to tea, Deborah.” Deborah gave a sniff, which I knew meant that she would see that Uncle Philip waited for no one. I was often accustomed to drop in to meals at tho Grants, and the major to return the compliment at tho Vicarage; but the Grants still kept up tho fashion of a late dinner at six o’clock, while we contented ourselves with the hum bio mid-day repast. I think, however, Deborah’s housekeeping was tho more liberal of tho two. Mrs Grant was always glad to welcome a visitor to break the monotony of her quasi-invalid life, ami wo had a fiction of reading French and Italian together which served as an excuse for frequent visits. Before I had gone far on my way, however, the rain began to descend. I have before mentioned that l sketched and painted. I had lately been finishing some small studies of tho views from our church tower, and had taken tho freedom, without consulting Uncle Philip, to make use of the “ Nuns’ Gallery” as a kind of temporary eludio. The old woman who cleaned, or was sup posed to clean, the church, readily agreed to sweep and dust out this disused part of tho edi fice for my convenience, and here I was wont, after concluding my day’s painting ^ on the tower, to stow away my palette, paints and canvas, instead of troubling to carry them to and fro daily as I did the great church key. Now, as the rain began to descend, I remem bered that I had left my waterproof cloak as well as my painting gear iu the Nuns’ Gallery. Luckily I had the key of the church in my pocket. I seldom went out without it, Uncle Philip possessing a duplicate. It was tut a stop across the road to tho church, and I soon found my property, but as 1 turned to descend the dark winding stairs -which led from the Nuns’ Gallery I stumbled, and, in the effort to save myselr, fell against the half- opened door which shut off the end of the staircase. It closed with a slam, and I immediately remembered that it was only opened by an outside latch, conse quently 1 was caught in a trap. I groped and fumbled, and hurt my fingers in vain. . It was impossible to opeu the door from within, and I resigned myself to tho inevitable. I was less alarmed at my predicament than many girls of my ago would have been. As regards the ghostly associations of the gallery I was utterly sceptical. My life, before coming to Fell-Thorpa had been too full of practical cares and anxieties to leave much room for imagina tive terrors. I had faced the stem realities of life too early to be much troubled with 44 nerves.” I should bn missed and inquired for as tho evening drew on, and Deborah at least knew that 1 was in the habit of making sketches f.om the church tower. They were sura to look for ino hero wheu it was discovered that! was not at tho major’s. It was pro voking to bo thus caged, aud I hoped that I should bo released before I began to grow hungVy, but any feurs of a supernatural visita tion iii tho gallery never crossed my mind. To beguile the timo/I commenced a sketch of the church as seen from my eyrie, and thus occupied, worked until the evening shades began to fall. Seven o’clock, eight, the church was ^rowing dark now, and 1 began_ to feel chilly5 (though it was warm weather), tired and decidedly hungry. Well, it could not be long before I was missed and sought for, so I wrapped myself in my cloak, and nestling my self into a convenient angle of the wall, set my self to await release as patiently as might be. At last I fell asleep. I awoke suddenly, with a sensation of having slumbered for weeks, and was startled to see a light in the chuich below. I sprang up, and whs about to call out, wheu a voice fell on my ear. “ Nobody ain’t there,” and the door at the foot of the staircase, which had apparently been opened, gave a click. 44 l’d have settled ’umif there had,” growled another tone. Peering cautiously through the interstices of the stonework, I perceived, in the nave, two men, one of whom I recognised aa Roger Simmons, a village loafer, strongly suspected of poaching proclivities tho other a most villianous looking man, who carried in hiB hand a heavy bludgeon, and a bag over his arm. Perhaps the ups and downs of my former life had taught me self-control, for I checked my i first imiralse to call out, and waited. There I was little doubt that I was face to faco with the robbers of our alms-box, equally little doubt that it would be wise to conceal my presence. Squeezed against the front of the gallery I held my breath and watched. “ Come on,” said the strange man. im patiently throwing down liia bag and extracting therefrom some tools. “ What (with an oath) are you staring about for ? “ There’s t’ ghaist,” half blubbered Roger, who seemed as if dragged on against his will. 441 bo mortal feared to think we may see she.” Tho elder man swore roundly at Roger’s cowardice and superstition in terms which 1 re frain to quote. *4 Meastur,” said Roger, desperately, in tho tones of one making a last appeal; “ I can’t go for to do it. Why, ray old (lame ’ud break her heart to think of them holy things being touched ; no good ’ll come of it, you’ll see— taint like taking silver out o’ passon’s own house!” 44 No, I don’t think tnat your ‘passon/ as you call liim, deals in such silver,” said the other ruffian, coolly, as ho sorted and selected his tools; “but you village fools don’t know valuables when you see them. To think 1” he : added, with another oath, “ that it was just by | chance I caught sight of these things the I .Sunday I came to church to gammon you good folks, and you only tolling mo of tho haul I might make out of the alms-box. By the way, here goes again,” and by tho device which Sir Henry had suggested—a bit of whalebone | apparently smeared with Bomo sticky substance, the box was again rifled with a dexterity which told of long practice. “It’s no uso standing shaking and shivering now,” went on the remorseless robber; 44 you’re in for it all tho way; you helped to rob tho poor box last week, and you’ve got to Bhow mo where tho silver’s kept now, so come along and no more talking.” Hesitating and trembling, the less courageous thief followed towards tho vestry, murmuring about his “dame/’ “passon,” “tf ghaist,” religious scruples and superstitious terror warring with tho tho power his fellow-criminal had obtained over him. I had not lived for over four years at Fell Thorpe without becoming imbued with some of the sentiments of the place, and thesacreligioua theft to bo perpetrated upon our treasured altar vessels roused me to intense indignation. An idea occurred to mo, I might run some risk, but I would chance that. Fressiug my faco against the openings of tho carving I gave vent to a long eighing groan, and was delighted to hear tho sound greeted by an absolute yell from Roger. 44 T’ ghaist, it be she,” he cried, and would have rushed from the church had not his com panion held him. 4‘ Wait a bit, you fool,” whispered this latter, but I was pleased to detect a decided tremor in his voice. I gave vent to another melancholy sigh, loud enough to be audible below. “ Curse it, there’s some ono spying up there,” cried the stranger, flashing his bull’s eye lantern on the gallery. A sudden inspiration, born of the danger wnich I kwJw I was in, flashed upon me. I hastily wrapped ray handkerchief round my face, drew the dark cloak over my head, 1 and thus having arranged up a very fair imita tion of a nun’s head gear, thnff my head tut of | tho opening where tradition ussjrti'd Lady Sybil had protruded here, and potfed Gut a loud wailing cry like a veritable Bap’h&e.; Cold and ] tenor doubtless gave to my voi-‘° a wierd sound i enough. Tho effect of my appearance was magical. Roger tied yelling t the door, and his companion wa3 appears^}' now more solicitous to outstrip MA than to ! detain him—in a second or two the j men had vanished, leaving ‘beir tools and lantern behind thorn in their Iffght. It was some time beforo I ventured to descend the stairs; and then found to my^at relief, that | tho door, which one or other of the thieves had ' opened (I suppose to see if anynie was hiding 1 on the staircase) had not quit* closed. As I stepped out into the church, the outer door : opened, I shrank back into tP darkness, but was relieved to seo only Undo Jhilip, to whom l rushed ; and "ather startled tie kind old man by bursting int a convulsive St of sobbing in his arms. “There, my dear, there,” herald soothingly, patting my head, “ I suppose y;u got yourself shut in somehow by aceidout and it’s sadly unfortunate that you should! have been kept here so long; midnight, bless b*>»” as the clock chimed above us. “Rut tho fa-’t is that I was called out just as I was going t> bed. to baptise a dying child at tho other end c** the parish, and when 1 came back and found yiu still missing, I, of course, started off first '0 the majors, where Deborah said you had goie. Tho Grants have not yet como home, and I found the house empty and locked up. Rut as I came back, 2 remembered that you sometime: sketched at the church, and thought it ju6t possible that you might be m here, particularly a: the outer door was ajar—careless of you to leare it so, by the way, ray love—but, eh, what’s this,” and Uncle Philip broke off bis narrative is his eye fell upon the tools and lantern on the floor, visible by the light of a similar bulbs eye which he himself carried, a serviceable guide for his uocturnal perambulations over cur dark country I rapidly explained my adventure, and tow I had played upon the superstitions fears or the thieves to save our altar plate. Uncle Philip was delighted. “You ran some risk, though, my brave, clover little girl,’’ he said at length, after laughing heartily at my description of the abrupt departure of the thieves, “and I am thankful all has. endod as it did. And now, Annie, remember, hot a word of this adventure to any one for a day or two. I think I see my way to get back some of our lost almsbox col lection.’’ Early next morning Uncle Philip paid a visit to Koger, who lived with his old mother, a re spectable widow, to whom her son's idle and discreditable courses were a source cf sincere regret. It was, indeed, consideration for old Mrs Simmons, whom evory one liked and pitied, which had made Sir Henry’s head gamekeeper somewhat blind to Roger’s more than suspected poaching proclivities. The village ne'er-do-weel was now, howover, laid up in bed: groaning under the nowly-awakened terrors of a guilty conscience, and a firm belief that he should not long survive the ghostly warning which he be lieved himself to have received irom Lady Sybil’s wrath. He needed no urging to pour out all his guilty secret to Uncle rhilip, con fessing how ho had long had secret dealings with tho stranger, a noted London “cracks man,” regarding the disposal of his poached gamo; how this “Bill” had come down to lodge at his mother’s cottage for change of air (burglars, like other people, ' may take an occasional holiday), and how the announcement of our proposed collection for tho Restoration Fund suggested to the London thief an opportunity for combining professional businoss with pleasure. Iloger, already in his power from their previous illicit transactions, was a hopeloss tool in his hands. Like a once famous London burglar, Mr Brown, as the thief choso to he called, passed for an extremely respectable, even religious, kind of man, and quite won poor dame Simmons’ heart by the regularity with which he accompanied her to church on Sunday mornings, a thing she could never induce her son to do. We have seen how piously Mr Brown employed himself during service timo by “taking notes” of our local valuables, with a view to their ultimate plunder. Uncle Philip had the satisfaction of recovering from tho penitent Koger a part of the spoils of our almsbox, notably the gold five pound piece. Tho congregation had como for ward very handsomely after all, and I think Uncle Phillip preached to himself as well as to his hearers when ho delivered himself of an elo quent harangue against “ rash and uncharitable judgments” in hiB next sermon. The stolen coins, or at least tho larger part of them, had been concealed in a hiding-place near Roger’s cottage, and Mr Brown had been in such haste to catch tho next train to Loudon (one stopped in tho early hours of the morning at a station some five milss oil) that he had actually struck straight away across country to Bvford Junction, without delaying even to fetch his clothes from Mrs Simmons’. I wonder if this worthy believed in the ghost, or sus pected a police amhusli f Any way he disap peared, and Fcll-Thorpo saw him no more. Thoro was no doubt about Roger's view of tho alfair. Uncle Philip felt hound to explain the real state of affairs to him, when the man as serted the ghost had appeared to him, called him by name, and therefore sealed his doom. But Roger rejected all attempts at explana tion. If, as Uncle Philip asserted, I was in the gallery, well, like tho Mousquetaire in the “ Ingoldsby Legends,” Roger could only declare “ ily a deux.” “I know what I seed, sir,” ho persisted, with a stolid obstinacy pecu liar to the bucolic organisation: and Uncle Philip was silenced. Of courso we ought to have prosecuted Roger: so said Sir Henry, and the major, and even Uncle Philip. But the fellow was only the minor criminal after all. He had received a terrible fright, was apparently sincerely peni tent, and had inado all tho reparation in his power. Village communities are always glad to he rid of a local black sheep quietly, with out scandal. Our local magnates decided to act like tho kindly suburban gardeners who, loth to crush the snails which they remove from their own cabbages, quietly drop them over their neighbor's palings. Roger was offered his liberty on the same terms accorded to many an ancient wrong* doer, on tin- condition that he “presently transported hiinBelf forth of our dominions.” Sir Henry discovered that a re cruiting-sergeant was busy at Byford, and Roger, who was a stout, well-grown young fellow enough, was readily enrolled amongst tho new recruits. We kept his eccrot: only, like tin; Justice in ti e “Critic,’’ piously hoping that tho church robber might, in future “ Defend his country’s laws With half the vigor that he broke them all.” I was glad to learn in after years that such actually proved the case. Work, and discipline, and removal from evil associates, worked wonders for Roger, ns these factors have done for many another apparent ne’er-do-weel who has “joined tho colors.’’ As Lucie Phillip wrote to mo a mouth ago, no one could have recognised the idle, poaching loafer ol (lays gon<T by in tho 6mart youug soldier who was paying his mother a visit during his furlough, on the return of his regiment from abroad, where he had served with much credit during I one of our 1 littlo wars.’ “Lady SybU'sghost” saved more than the altar plate,” laughed good natured Sir Henry; and immoral as^ our lonioncy may have been, I am glad that Roger, more weak than wicked, was saved the stigma of tho jail, if only for his old mother's sake. We gained our window without applying to the general public. Sir Henry was liberal enough to make up the deficiency in our local fund, roinarking to Uncle Phillip that he thought the “lady who saved tho altar plate’’ deserved some recompense, and that he knew I, as well as Uncle Phillip and the major, desired to see tho church beautified. Sir Henry is a kindly pleasant man, I ought to know, Eeoiug I have been his nioco for sorno years now. Arthur, my husband and Sir Henry’s presumptive heir, tells mo that it was his uncle’s praises of “ tho girl who kept her hoad in circum stances where many people would have screamed and fainted,” which first made him desirous of staying at Foll-Thorpe Hall, and making the acquaintance of this female paragon. “Lady Sybil” is still my nickname irom Sir Henry. Not very long ago I happened to take up a work on tho local traditions aad superstitions current in that part of England in which Fell Thorpo is located. Our ghost was described in its pages; and I read, with much _ interest, that “ as late as tho Jubilee year ” this spectre was beheld by “ credible witness ” !in(l by its timely apparition prevented on attempted burglary in the church. It is always unkiud to spoii a good story, so “ L:dy Sybil ” has allowed this interesting narrati'O, founded pre sumably on the authority ol’Roger or Mr Brown, either of whom may ham let out some scraps of tho occurrence, eoncialing of course their own sharo therein, to pass uncoutra dicted, and our local ghost maystill he credited with tho Doneiicent guardianBhi) of our sacred valuables. 