PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAT. £Srd Year. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1895. IT was fitting that the Federation Enabling Bill should, as embodying a practical expression of the sentimentof Australian unity, have been agreed to by the Victorian Legislative Assemby with what amounts to unanimity. It was fitting, also, that for the only dis cordant note sounded the most extreme section of the Labor Party, reinforced by that old political ghost, Mr. LosNOoRsa, should have been responsible, The Bill was introduced in an admirable speech by the Prem ier, and what was the feeling of 90 per cent. of the House was voiced by the leader of the Opposition when he asked that by unanimously passing the second reading the House shq?ld make a practical and effective federal demonstration. The demonstration was almost as effective as it was, for theinfluence of Messrs. MALONEY,TIAN COCK, PRENDERGAST and LONGMORaE, who.represent nobody in particular, counts for nothing on the other side. It is only right to. point out that the four anti-federalists are by no means representative of the Victorian Labor Party. One of the most effective appeals for a unanimous agreement to the second reading was made by the labor leader, and Mr. TRENwrrs was followed in his vote for the Bill by. all the more reputable of of those who generally act with him. The charge has frequently been made that the oft expressed Victorian de votion to the federal idea is mere lip service that would not stand the test of any practical call upon it. The action of the Assembly on Tuesday disproves that charge, showing the colony to be ready and anxious to translate, at the first possille oppor tunity, into the most tangible expres sion the warm federal spirit by which it professes to be actuated. Unques tionably New South Wales has in the past been the lion in the federal path. The mother colony has now, however, herself taken the initiative, appears not only willing but anxious to lay aside provincial iealousies, and has committed herself to a course of action that if persevered in must have Australian unification, with all its consequences, as its result. The other colonies have loyally and cheerfully followed the lead for which they have so long been, waiting. The South Australian Assembly has adopted the Enabling Bill;'the measure will pro bably he agreed~to in Victoria this week; the Tasmanian Parliament is waiting with anxiety to consider and pass the Bill and Queensland has in timated that she will not be a laggard where her sisters are swift to travel. THA Bill itself, whilst of course it is only a means to an end, distinctly advances the federal cause. All that has transpired in the past-even the great Sydney Convention of 1891 with the resultant Commonwealth Bill-has been in the air, and it is certainly time that there should be an end of mere speechifying and an effort made to ascertain whether the hearts of the Australian people really beat for Australian unity. This effort the Bill puts forth. It does nothing in itself for the achievement of federation; but it gives to the people of the colonies the means and it imposes upon them the duty not only of declaring explicitly for federal union but of following up that declaration, supposing it to be made, with an ultimate and final choice of a federal constitution. The measure provides that a Convention shall be elected to draft the federal constitution. Each colony is to send ten representatives to the convention, and it is proposed to follow the course adopted recently by the New South Wales and South Australian legislea tures of having the representatives elected by those having votes at elec tions for the Assembly. The election will be conducted on the principle of "one man one vote" and the whole colony is to be treated as one elec. torate. When the Convention metts it will dealwith thefederal constitution, no doubt taking the Commonwealth Bill as the basis of its work. Having adopted a constitution the Convention will adjourn for not less than 60 or more than 120 days. On reassembling it will reconsider the constitu tion in the light of the criti cism to which it will have been sub jected and amend it in directions thought to be advisable. The consti tution thus revised will become the permanent one, and as such will be submitted to the people by the referendum for acceptance or rejec tion. Though the constitution be approved by the people the Parlia ment of any colony will still be in a position to refuse to pass an address to the Queen praying that it may become law, and until the parliamentary veto is removed the colony on behalf of which it has been exercised will be unable to enter the federation. Unless endorsed by 50,000 of its people the proposal will be held to have been negatived by Victoria. Each repre sentative is to receive £3 for each sitting of the Convention, and mem bers of Parliament will be cligible for election. .__?_ IT will be seen that in whatever else it is lacking the Bill is not want ing in checks. It provides that haste to the federal goal shall be made slowly. The caution shown is comrn mendable. Constitutions are made for years and not for months, and therefore there should be nothing hasty or ill con sidered in their building. At the same time there appears reason to fear that there is something of over care fulness in the Bill and that the ela borate machinery provided may work to retard rather to promote federa tion. The principal issue raised has been as to whether the Con vention by which the federal con titution is to be framed should be elected by the parliaments of the several colonies or directly by the people. There was something to be said for and against each proposal; but the weight of argument has been, we think, on the side of direct elec tion. We recognise the fact that the adoption of this principle creates the danger of the return to the Conven tion of delegates less informed in prac tical polities and less representative of all shades of opinion in the colony than would be elected by Parliament. These are risks, however, that may be taken; and there will be the great counterbalancing advantage that the constitution framed by the Conven tion as to be constituted will commend itself to the people as directly the work of their own hands. It is the fact that the Convention is to be thus directly representative of the people that appears to make unnecessary, and therefore dangerous to the federal cause, some at least of the checks to come into operation later on. It should hardly be necessary to submit to the people by referendum a consti tution passed by a convention directly representative of themselves, and there is something more than over carefulness in the provision that the constitution adopted by the people's convention and endorsed on the referendum shall be subject to the veto of.the colonial parliaments. The principle of a directly elected con vention appears to be an essential of the Bill, and therefore either the referendum or the final submission to the parliaments might safely and with advantage be dis pensed with. If the referendum is persevered in the parliamentary veto might be waived and the con vention empowered to meet subse quent to the final appeal to the people, and adopt an address to Her Majesty praying on behalf of all the colonies for the proclamation of the federal con stitution. Or, if the parliamentary veto is held to be necessary, the referendum with its risk and delay might be foregone. The most impor tant of the details of the measure is the proposal for the constitution of the colony as one constituency for the election of the delegates to the Convention. Under all ordin ary circumstances the one consti tuency proposal would commend it self from every point of view to approval and acceptance. But the circumstances, these colonies of the cir cumstances of this colony more especially, are extraordinary. There is in Victoria, unfortunately, a sharp division between town and country interests, and there is too much reason to fear that the superior organisation and naturally better voting facilities of the metropolitan centres will, with the one constituency, result in the election swamping provincial interests and capturing the Victorian repre sentation for those whose desire it will be to dominate the Convention by high protectionist ideas and i mpose upon united Australia a prohibitive tariff. The better plan would undoubtedly be to divide the colony into ten single constituencies, each at liberty to return the man of its choice and thus to make its influe nce felt in the drafting of the federal constitution and the arrangement of the federal tariff. This is, however, a detail which, though important-more important indeed than appears on the surface-need not and should cause a block. There will have to be much concession if federation is to be obtained, and the earlier that fact is recognised the better. In lieu of the usual Friday's supplement to-day a special Christmas number will be published with next Tuesday's Times. The story of A Lady in Black will be continued in that issue. Mr. H. C. Crouch, C.E., the newly. appointed town ctesk, arrived in Horsham by the express on Wednesday morning. Later in the day he icterviewed the Mayor and several councillors and produced his original testimonials, which were found to be satisfactory. Mr. Crouch intimated his willingness to ac:ept the dual positions of town clerk and engineer to the borough and his readiness to commence work early in the new year. The appointment now stands confirmed and Mr. Crouch will assume office early in January. At the meeting of the Borough Water Trust on Tuesday night the higher rate of eigbteenpence in the pound insisted upon by the Minister of Water Supply was struck without debate. It was decided that vigorous steps, involving the cutting off of the water supply to defaulters, should be taken for the recovery of the arrears of water rates, now amounting to betweet£fo00 and £700, and of the amounts due on account of the sale of meters, totalling £70 8s 3d. Notwitetanding the dearness of horse feed, which it was generally predicted would come to the rescue of the department, the road competition with the railways not only continues but grows in bulk. Within the last 12 days no less than 731 tons of goods have been delivered in Horsham by bullock teams The goods, which are of all railway classes, have been brought by road from Geelong and Port Fairy, to which ports they were consigned by steamer, and the loss in freight to the department is esti mated at about £294. The carriers meet the handicap of dear horse feed by the em ployment of bullocks, for which there is plenty of feed on the roads, and the cart. age rates have been subject toan average all round reduction of 0l a ton. Messrs. Moon and Sinclair estimate that on the 14 tons of goods they have received during the past two weeks by road they have paid £26 less freight than if the consignment had been made by rail. There are now seven carters regulirly on the roads be tween Horsham and Geeloeng and the Wes. tern ports, and six alditional men with teanns have signified their intention of entering into the carrying trade at the com mencement cf the new year. The carriers have so far been able to command ample back loading in the shape of wool, hides, bark, etc. Between 10 and 12 tons of general ,merchadise for Horsham is now awaiting the carriers at Oeelong. The meeting of the Irrigation Trust on Tuesday was unusually short. The trust met at noon, and, having in the meantime adjourned for an hour and a quarter for luncheon, had completed its business by three o'clock. Contrary to expectaltin there was io disonusion on what was he. lieved to be the buhorning question of the filling of the public dams. A letter was read from the Water Supply Department asking for an explanation of the trust's action in refusing to fill the dams except upon the guarantee of some part of the cost at the water supply, and it was, without debate, decided that the department Le fully informed of the reasons upon which commissioners had acted. Several rate payers asked by petition that arrangements should be made with the Borough Trust for the re-erection of the standpipe on Church Hill and the supply of water through it. Commissioners, led by Com. Buahby, who spoke with considerable warmth, were of opinion that the Borough Trust was acting churlishly in making a charge for the supply through the standpipe when, as they alleged, the town enjoyed the great advantage of a gratuitous freshing of the river from the Wartook storage. It was proposed by Com. Bushby that this gratuitous freshening should be discontinued, but he found no support. It was ultimately resolved that the borough should be asked to rnake the supply through the standpipes free of charge in the way of a return for the advantages the town de rived from the Wartook storage. It was also agreed that the Chairman and Com. Burgin should wait upon the Borough Trust and endeavor to arrange for the sale of water through the standpipe pending the larger concession sought or in its alterna tive. The petition of the Jung Jung towns people for the discontinuance of the town ship water supply was granted. The close season for game expires on the O2th inst. to-day. It has been the custom of some sportsmen to commence shooting on that day, there being a doubt as to whether under the law it came within the prohibi ted term. So that the matter should be placed beyond all dispute a proclamation was recently made that the close season should comprise both the opening and the closing dates. Duck shooting must not, therefore, be commenced before to-morrow. The Borough Water Trust, at the instiga tion of the chairman, has now taken steps to effectually deal with the scandal, to which attention was recently directed in the Times, caused by the large amount of water useed in the borough for purposes of irriga. tion and not measured by meter and charged for accordingly, whilst the majority of garden holders are compelled to pay for all water that runs through their meters. A return prepared by direction of the chair man shrwed that 43 persons unsupplied with meters were, as was believed, using water for irrigation purposes, some of the gardens treated being of considerable size. On the motion of the Chairman the Trust on Tuesday evening adopted a regulation under which the property holders, the area of whose cultured land does not exceed onen eigth of an acre and who are unsupplied with meters, will be required either to pay an area charge to be fxed by the trust or substitute for their present services half inch pipes. The charges proposed are : For an area of one-sixteenth of an acre or less, 15s a year; for an area greater that one sixteenth and not exceeding one-eighth of an acre, £1 5s. They will be payable half.yearly in advance and those availing themselves of the regulation will be at liberty, within the prescribed hours, to irrigate their gardens with a hose or other such instrument. Those already supplied with meters will not be at liberty to take advantage ol the regulation, which will not apply to any cultivated area greater than an eighth of an acre. The water supply will be cut off from all persons not bringing themselves under the trust regulations by the lst January. The only serious opposi tion to the new regulation was offered by Com. Layh, who vainly sought to make the half-inch service obligatory upon all persons not supplied with meters, and who, with equal want of success, sought to specially exempt from the new charge gardens of an area less than the thirty-second part of an acre. On Monday evening a variety and burlesque entertainment will be given, in the Mechanies' Institute, in aid of the wirlow and family of the late Mr. Dan Simpson, a native of the town, who are in very necessitous circumstances. A varied and excellent programme has been arranged by Messre.Olenister, Cuming and Swindells, and beside the local talent to take part in the concert the services of a talented acrobat and contortionist now on a visit to the town have been secured. There will be two amusing sketches, and altogether, apart from the deserving object, the ample pro vision for entertainment is such as should attract a large audience. Mr. H. P. Green, secretary of the fund being organised for the relief of the widow and family of the late Mr. Dan Simpson, acknowledges with thanks the receipt of £1 is each from Mr. Brake, M.P., and the Rev. Father O'Brien. Win. Harrison, 61 years of age, ad. mitted to the institution about a fortoight back, with his ear badly cut, the result of a fall from a cart in which he was riding on the Natimtk road, died in the hospital last night from exhaustion supervening on tetanus. Tetanus did not develop itself until Saturday last, when Dr. Praagst im mediately wired to Melbourne for some of the Tetanus anti- toxin, with which the poison has been very effectually treated in Europe. The drug arrived on Monday afternoon and from then almost to the time of his death Harrison was subjected to frequent and liberal injections of the anti toxin. For some time he appeared to re spond to the treatment, and great hopes of his ultimate recovery were entertained. Yesterday, however, he became very weak and succumbed about half-past seven o'clock. Dr. Praagst is of opinion that had the man been younger and in better general health, the treatment, novel in this colony, would have succeeded. At the Horsham Police Court on Wednes. day Michael Malone was charged, before the Mayor, with drunkenness and dis orderly conduct. He was fined 5s, in default 24 hours' imprisonment. At a land board held at Horsham on Tuesday by Mr. Porter, district officer, T. H. Kenyon was recommended for allot. 56, 63a, Dimboola. M. Haberecht and F. Wilson were refused for the same allotment. The treasurer to the borough yesterday received from the Public Treasurers cheque for £74, being the final moiety of the annual Government municipal subsidy. At the Horsham Police Court on Tuesday, Messrs. Burgin and Twycross, J.P., pre niding, The Union Trustees Co., repre sented by Mr. Power, obtained an order for £5 10s 7d, due on a promissory note, with 15s 6d costs, against D. Jarvis. At the meeting of the Council of Agricul tural Education, held on Tuesday, it was decided to erect a new wine cellar at Dookio College, the present accommodation being insufficient for the output. A contract was accepted for the construction of a recreation hall for the students at Longere. nong College. It was rosolved to invite veterinary surgeons to lecture once a month at the colleges for the instruction of the students. Theatre goers will be pleased to learn that the Forde-Seymour Opera Company, which includes several artistes of the first rank, has intimated to Mr. Cooke, secretary of the Mechanics' Institute, its intention of playing in Horsham on Saturday, 28th inst. Particulars will be advertised next week. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Horsham Sub- Treasury for Young Bros.,, Moon & Sinclair, J. Ettelson, R. Cossar, Goroke Mechanics' Institute, S. Maud, J. Comini, G. Oram, M. Turvey, W. Robert. non, D. Kennedy, W. Wallis. Mr. Alexander Sinclair, of Meering West, leaves Kerang- to take the management of Lake Corrong station, and also the mallee settlements of Hopetoun and Minapre. For a number of years, says the Times, he carried on farming operations in conjunc. tion with his brother, Mr. J. M. Sinclair, who recently visited America and the Ar. gentine on behalf of the Government, and who has since been appointed general agent for Victoria in London. Mr. Sinclair after selling out of the property which he held in the Woosang? district, about 4 years ago, purchased a large area of mallee land in Meering West, to which he removed his family, and where he started to cultivate, having 1000 acres under wheat and oats this last season. This property he intends to hold and will continue to cultivate, placing the management of it in the hands of a competent man. Mr. Sinclair has been a member of the Eastern Vermin Board for the past 18 months, and although just re elected he will have to resign owing to his leaving the district. His resignation will be received with regret both by his collea gues and the lessees of the vermin district he represents. Advices from Constantinople show that thousands of half.naked Armenian refugees are arriving at various Black Sea ports. Hundreds of Armenians, widows and girls, are wandering about the town of Van. The streets are white with snow, and many of the unfortunate people are in a nude state, their sufferings being terrible. The sack ings of towns and murders of Christians continue to be reported from Armenian dis tricts. A national fund for the relief of Armenians has been started in Anmerica. Two blacks with a gin, in the employ of Frank Lee, a fisherman on Clark Island, re port that five days ago, when they were ishing on a reef, having gone out in a cutter, eight mainland natives appeared in the lug ger Violet, and seizing the cutter went away, leaving the lugger behind. The blacks and the gin, fearing that something was wrong, took possession of the Violet, and sailed for Clark Island fishing station, where they found Frank Lee, his Chinese cook and an aboriginal dead, the three hav ing apparently been killed with an iron bar. Rations, clothing, arms and ammunition were stolen from the station. The three natives who reported the matter have been arrested on suspicion. A strange death occurred in the Hamilton hospital on Monday. Peter Marwell, a young man, recently fell into a hole in a slaughteryard, but suffered no ill ffects. On Wednesday pains began in his chest, and he was admitted to the hospital, where he died of tetanus. A post morler. examin ation revealed no inju-y which would cause lockjaw, and the surgeon believes the case hears nut the new theory that tetanus can be contracted through germs. Major Foote, who has had charge of the Nhill branch of the Bank of Victoria for the past two years was, prior to his depar-. ture for Warrnambool, entertained at a banquet- on Monday evening at Host Rin tnule's Union Hotel. The gathering, says the Free Press, was large and influential. Mr. J. W. Trnmble, solicitor, occupied the chair, having the guest of the evening on his right. After the usual loyal toasts had been honored the Chairman proposed the health of "Oar Gnest." 'In doing so he felicitously referred to the many excellent qnalities of the Major, and the gener.d es teem in which he was held. He had had no doubt many disagreeable duties to dis charge, but these might appropriately be compared to the careful cultivation of a tree. The operations might in some re spects be regarded as somewhat severe, unt they all tended to the health and more vigorous growth of the plant. Their guest had not only proved an efficient and con aiderate bank manager, but had likewise taken an intelligent and active part in the public interests of the town. While he regretted the departure he congratulated the Major on his transference to such an attractive sphere as Warrnambeol, and heartily wished him and his family a happy and prosperous future. After many other gentlemen had given expression to their high esteem of their departing guest, Major Foote, in response, expressed his gratification th t after so short a residence in Nhill such a numerous gathering of influential gentlemen should have assembled to mark their personal esteem. He further spoke in most eulogistic terms of the district. He went so far as express the opinion that it was one of the best in the colony. Land values were far below their commercial worth, and offered exceptional opportuni. ties to investors-in fact, he went so far as to say that he believed in less than three years properties would more than double in value. The district even now was on the eve of revival, and the only reason that in fluenced him in leaving was the enhanced facilities that Warroambool offered for the education of his family. In conclusion he made a flattening reference to the ability of his staff, especially mentioning Mr. T. Swale. Cr. John Walker proposed the health of Mr. G. Walker, the Major's nue cessor, who gracefully acknowledged the compliment. A long toast list was subse quently gone through, interspersed with song, and altogether a very pleasant even. log was spent. Major Foote and family took their departure by the express on Mon. day night. Five seamen, Herman Schultz, Walter Faerst, Adolph Furch, Charles Johns and At Puttering, belonging to the British ship Hesperides, were charged on Tuesday with embezzling cargo. Mr. Gaunson asserted that they had endeavored to murder their officers, and had dropped one seaman over board by the" bass trick." The men were locked up to prevent loss of life. Schultz turned Queen's evidence and was dis charged. He stated that Fuerst had as serted he was the man who fired the ship Habitant. It was alleged that the men plotted to blow up .the ship, which con tained twelve tons of gunpowder. The stolen property was found in the false hot toms of their bunks. The men were sent to gaol for twelve weeks, with hard labor, and £5 out of the wages of each was ordered to be forfeited. The farmers in parts of the mallee appear to be in a terrible state owing to the drought. Telegrams were received by the Ministers of Water Supply and Agriculture on Tuesday from the residents of Birchip and the surrornding country stating stock is perishing in large numbers from want of water. At Tatchera families have shifted and are camped on the banks of the Murray. Mtr. Foster and Mr. Taverner are endeavor. ing to devise means of relief, and the Cabi. net will be consulted. With this issue we are completing the circulation of an illustrated supplement of Picturesque Warrnambool, which our eub acribers will find very interesting. It con tains numerous views of that favorite sea side resort, and several columns of reading matter. The Cuhan rebels have signally defeated a Spanish force. The bet fly has made its appearance in the Goulburn Valley. Rich gold has been found at Chotanag tine, in the Province of Bengal, India. The Bulls Shire Council has reduced the salary of its engineer to £2 10s a year. A national relief fund for the destitute and homeless Armenians has been started in the United States. The South Australian Parliament has unanimously passed the Federal Enabling Bill. At Alexandra an iguana killed three rabbits, one of which it was devouring when caught. At Dunedin (N.Z.) on Sunday a boat overturned and its occupants, William Stronach, 21 and John Forsyth, 15 years of age, were drowned. E. Purkiss, late manager of the Wood ford Green branch of the London Joint Stock Bank, has been committed for trial for embezzling £18,000 belonging to the bank. A highly approved crushing plant, pro. vided by the Government, has been erected in connection with the Bairnedale School of Mines and was opened by the Minister of Mines, with considerable ceremony, on Saturday. At the Smytheadale Police Court on Tues. day Thomas Cousinswn fined £20, in de. fault three months' imprisonment, for lead. ing a fire alight in the open air. The re. cult of Cousin's carelessness was a diaas. tronu bush fire. Margaret Evans, Postmistress at YoN Town, Tasmania, has been cOmmitted r trial for the theft of a registered letter . taining a cheque. c "General" Booth has been well reeh in Western Australia. He is helieoeved entertain thoughts of establishiog his over, sea colony there. Emily Richards has died at Wsgg, N.S.W.,. from anthrax communicated flies which had settled on a sore on the girl's neck. John Hamilton, 40 years of age, a bllo driver at Boirnsdale, on Mlonday saip?e under the wheels of his waggon and hilled. we H.R.H. the Duchess of York, whocane birth to a son on the 14th inst., is a~if well. The infant prince is aleso well. o Thomas Griffiths, manager of the Port Flairy Gas Worko, has been atete eron, charge of incest with his step.daught, Ella Raymond. John Doyle, 16 yearn of age, aceused of committieg a capital offence onl a girl fve years of age, has been acquitted. An order ias been made for the windi .p of the Chaffey Bros. Co., under th supervlsion of the court. Sir Benjamin Benjamin, eR-Mayor al Melbourne, has been fined 5s. with 10'sd 3sts, for not paying a special water rate. At the inquest into the death of the youni single girl Lizzie White the jury returned verdict of mansliughter against 1i1, Sutcliffe, the midwife at whose housesa died, and censured Dr. Griffiths for not seporting the matter. Commander Bellmore of the British Nal who whilst under the influence of dria" allowed a torpedo destroyer of which he wai in charge to go ashore, has been ordered to forfeit five years' seniority and be dismisse irom H. M.S. Pembroke. The Masais, a tribe of Africans betwee the Victori. Nyanz? and the Znzibar coast, have attacked a caravan of traden returning to Eldoma, and effectedt a terrible alaughtpr. Out of,,1200 men 1000 ere, killed, and only 200 'managed to make their esaepe. - The Clab-na-Gael, ihe notorious Feni? organisation, is again active. The leadeo injunctions to organise and drill are beiun quickly carried out. In New York alone regiment of ten companies has been formed and is meeting weekly for drill. An order for 100,000 lb of tinned meat if. the use of the Italian. troops intended for oervice in Abyssinia has been sent to England, and is being promptly executed. In the Coomna district, N.S.W., there i, great mortality among sheep from a diseae diagnosed as tetaitus. About 300 have died on one station, and a post mortem examina. Lion of tie bodies showed no t?te of di. nease in the internal organs, but thfie limbs were rigid, and the eyes storing. and the nascles contracted. Only shorn sheephave been affected Johnb Wilson, trainer, and Charles Fox, s groomn, have been conmrnitted for trial for the larceny of the Western distric pony, Joy. Ella Hirsh, of St Kilds, has been arrested on a charge of setting fire to th Coffee Palace, Steiglitz. Her son-in-law, T. Cill, is under arrest on the same charge. A cyclist named T. C. Tucker met with a very serious ancident on the Exhilition track on :Monday. Tucker was training, and when riding round the track he collided with a triplet inmchine 'shich was pacing, and was thrown on his head. He austainedl a fracture of the base of the skull and died next day. Mr. Pharez Philips has resigned his seat in the Boiung Shire Council. Recently Mr. E. Mitchell, formerly of Melbourne, acting on behalf of a Scottish company, bought several thousand acren of farming land surrounding Northam, Wes. tern Anatralia, at £2 8s per acre, and with chsff at £7 per ton, it is estinated that the price of the land will be cleared off with one crop. Those passengers of the small-pox inlected boat Auetralieu who have been successfully vaccinated silce going oint' quarantine will be released to-day. Thile balue of thb passengers will be released on the 20th instant. It is proposed that the Parliament of New South Wales shall make a handsome money vote to Sir Henry Parkes, in recognition of his services to the country. Ten thoutand pounds is proposed, but it is not thought that Parliament will vote more thin £5000. The jury in the Dean-Crick conspiracy case have, with the approval of the judge, discharged Mr. Crick, on the ground that no evidence has been adduced to show that he had any knowledge of Dean's guilt prior to Meagher's confession. Mr. Crick the same evening was warmly welcomed to the Assem- bly. The New South Wales Executive has commuted the death sentence passed upon John Thomson, convicted of a criminal as- sault upon a girl under ten years, of age, to 15 years' penal servitude. A lad named Gilbert, 13 years of age, son of a settler at Windsor, N.S.W., on Tues. day, after a disagreement with his mother, went outside and shot off almost the whole, of the top of his head. An anonymous donor has sent £100 each to the Argus and Age for distribution amongst the Melbourne charities for the purchase of Christmas cheer, Two men named M'Nalty and O'Connor have been lost near Sunday Soak, 55 miles from Coolgardie. It seems that they sold a claim at Dundas for £5000. and started to walk to Coolgardie. At the Sunday Soak they found no water, and their mates went to look for some. On returning it was found that M'Nalty and O'Connor were missing. Their clothes and swags were scattered about, indicating that they lad become delirious and wandelred away. The borough rate collector at Port Fairy has admitted that his accounts are short by about £50. He has been suspended and the auditors are making further enquiries into the defalcations. A sad case of Iurniong occurred on Tuesday at Mystic Park, Kerang, resulting in the death of a little girl three years of age, and severe in. jury to an infant, both the daughters of Mr. J.W. Murphy. Inuring the absence of the mother the childre.'s clothes became -ig nited, and assistance arrived too late to save the elder girl frum" fatal injury, but it is hoped that the infant will recover. A young tiger snake, about 18 inches long, coiled round the tail of one of )Ir. Thomas Wilson's horses at Ghin C(;iu a few days ago. The reptile must have been there for' some conisiderable time, as the horse Was0 just returning itith a third load of water when Mr. Wilson's brother.in-law noticed something coiled round the tail. and oi looking closer fotud that the young tiger snake was takiing its ride quite com fortubly._ 