General News. HELD OVER.—A full report of the rifle match fired at Port Elliot on Saturday last between S. District Police and Yankalilla M.F. is held over till our next issue. THE LATE MISS SISSONS.—The Rev. R. Jackson is to conduct an In Memoriam Service at the Giles's Flat Church at 2.30, and at the Ashbourne Church at 9.30 on Sunday October 13th. There will doubtless be a very large attendance at each place. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' PICNIC.—The pro- gramme of the annual picnic appears in our advertising columns. It will be noted that the prizelist has been greatly increased, a £12 Sheffield Handicap being the leading line. MR. PIERS COCKBURN.—The numerous friends of the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) will be pleased to hear his only son, who has passed through such a severe illness, is now progressing favourably towards re- covery. SAVINGS BANK.—The proposal of the Govern- ment to take over the Savings Bank and run it in connection with State advances and a State note issue has been defeated in the Assembly by a majority of four. The Government, however, state that they will persevere with the Bill, establishing a State or Post-office Savings Bank to carry on the credit foncier scheme. STRATHALBYN DAIRY PRODUCE COMPANY.— The half-yearly general meeting of this company was called for Saturday last, but owing to the illness of the Secretary, it was decided to merely formally open the proceed- ings and adjourn, Saturday Oct. 12th being fixed for reopening the meeting. STRATHALBYN V. LONGHORNES CREEK. — The following players are chosen to represent Strathalbyn at the Creek on Saturday next, Oct. 5th:—H. Adams, C. Adams. P. Adams, T. H. Fallon, J. Stowe, R. Halliday, G. Halliday, A. Burgess, C. Harvey, P. Flood, and J. Fallon. INFLUENZA.—This epidemic is having full swing just now, a great many of our folk being laid up by it, some of them suffering severely. The attendance at the public school has been materially decreased in consequence, an average of over fifty children being absent daily just now. Mr. A. A. Zimmerman, the famous cyclist, came to Australia by the Oruba, which arrived on Monday night. He is to train in Adelaide for a month before doing any racing in the colonies. The ultimatum of the British government has been accepted and complied with by the Chinese government as to the degradation of the Viceroy of Szechuen. The Times writes jubilantly in consequence. "Trade with Japan" is becoming a watchword. There's a big field for enter- prise, and bye-and-bye an enormous trade will be engaged in. ACCIDENTS.—Lieutenant March, one of the officers of the local Salvation Army corps was thrown from a horse on Friday last, and dislocated her wrist. On Tuesday through the fall of a horse he was driving, Mr A. Westley, had a nasty fall from a van on the Macclesfield road, receiving some painful bruises, and other injuries. Yesterday morning a young lady passenger by mail to Langhorne's Creek took fright at the breaking of the breeching of the horse drawing the conveyance, and jumped to the road while the trap was travelling at a smart pace, falling heavily and receiving a slight concussion of the brain. She was conveyed to the Belvidere Hotel, where Dr. Shone was soon in attendance, but will probably be fit to resume her journey this morning. The total yield of gold in Western Australia from the beginning of 1886 to the end of August last is computed at 606,992 oz., valued at £2,306,571. The output from. Coolgardie during the eight months ended August was 80,899 ozs. worth £307,418, and during the same period the Murchison pro- duced 40,695 ozs. valued at £154,013. THE WOOL SEASON.—The Secretary of the Pastoralists' Association of South Aus- tralia and West Darling states that up to date about 3,500,000 sheep have been shorn under the Association agreement, and with the exception of a very small trouble at Mr. Hector's Valencia Station there had been no dispute between any pastoralist and his shearers. The Secretary says there is now a very large number of men applying for work by letter, telegram, and personally—men who have cut out in one or two sheds and are anxious to get towards the South Eastern districts. Activity in the wool market is still evident, and the pleasing rise in price noted since the opening sales is gladdening the hearts of graziers all over the continent. THE ANNUAL PICNIC of Mr. Love's Wednesday morning Bible Class was held in the manse paddock on Friday afternoon last. The following ladies provided good things in abundance:—Mesdames. M. Rankine, Watt, Richardson, Phillips, McFarlane, T. Brown,, Prosser, Love, and Miss Watt. The successful competitors for the prize-books kindly given by Mr. McCord, and Miss Watt were, May Love, Edith Edmonds, Bessie French, Joseph Love, Bessie Watt, Mary Caldwell, Minnie Caldwell, and Clarence Rankine. Several young ladies and gentlemen assisted in entertaining the children and hearty cheers were given for all who helped to make the picnic a success. The weather was fine and the afternoon passed very pleasantly. THE QUARTERLY MEETING of the Goolwa Wesleyan Church was held on September 24\. The Rev. James Read was unanimously invited to remain another year. A resolution was passed in favor to Methodist union, believing that its consummation would increase the joy of heaven and earth. The meeting expressed pleasure at the growth of the church in membership and progress of the Sunday- school and Endeavor Society, but on account of the slackness of the river trade was sorry that the income was far from meeting the expenditure. Loans of £100 for Goolwa and £20 for Currency Creek were asked for from the loan fund, and a request was made to the district synod for £50 to help in reducing the circuit liabilities. Mr. Thomas Goode, J.P., and Captain Walters and the representatives passed a very hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. G. Johnson and her daughters for their hos- pitality THE REV. A. WHEELER.—Regarding this gentleman the last issue of the Narracoorte paper says:—The Rev. A. Wheeler, who for some time has had the charge of the work of the Anglican Church in the northern part of the South-East, with Head-quarters at Narracoorte, has accepted the incumbency of Christ Church, Strathalbyn, in succession to the Rev. W. J. Bussell, and will leave here to enter on the duties of his new parish at the end of the present month. During the term of his ministry Mr. Wheeler has gained the respect and esteem of his people in all parts of the district. Both Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler will be much missed in musical circles here, for they were always willing to give their services at any time for entertain- ments and concerts for the benefit of public institutions and societies in the town. Mr. Wheeler is besides a talented composer, and as conductor of the Musical Society his re- moval will be a great loss. We wish Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler every success in their new sphere of labor. THE TANTANOOLA TIGER.—An exchange says—"There is some doubt in sceptical minds with regard to the shooting and sub- sequent stuffing of the Tantanoola wolf-tiger. Some even say that the animal now in the Gambier museum is no wolf at all, but a dingo of unusual size, rendered fierce and truculent by diet of rabbits. Positive asser- tions are also made that the tiger is still alive somewhere in Mallee land, and is rapidly assuming the disreputable appearance of a man-eater. In the midst of all this con- jecture there arrives for Deepwater, New South Wales, a telegram to the effect that a wild animal of portentous and hybrid aspect has made its appearance. It is not exactly a new arrival, for old inhabitants are ready to swear that it has been seen at intervals during the last twenty years. They will not take affidavits that it is precisely the same animal as that seen by the oldest resident. It may be his son, or, as a local corres- pondent puts it, a poor relation of our old acquaintance of the bunyip. Anyhow, it evidently possesses all the mysterious beauty of its ancestors. It is the size of a yearling calf—in itself not a formidable creature— but it has the long, shaggy hair of a bison, and the shape of a prize St. Bernard with a slight touch of the dachschund. Unlike the bunyip, he does not haunt water holes, but he makes up for it by howling piteously, going to and fro. with a rapid pace like that of a suburban ghost. No one has as yet made any attempt to secure him, nor have the local volunteers offered to follow the example of the heroes of Mt. Macedon, and stalk him to his lair. In short, the good old phrase "shrouded in mystery" applies to the zoological apparition in its fullest sense. Pending further discoveries, the residents in the neighborhood of its visits have named it bullapan—suggestive of fried steaks—and are patiently waiting developments. One thing is fairly certain. It can't be the Tantanoola tiger, for, peripatetic as he may be, he couldn't have done the distance in the time, even if he had eaten a record bicyclist and stolen his machine. A VERY PLEASING CEREMONY says the York (W. A.) paper took place at the Rechabite Hall on the 4th instant, prior to the departure of Mr. B. Wilson from this township. The ceremony took the form of a presentation of a silver lever watch, by the manager and employee of Messrs. J. Allen & Co., in whose business establishment the recipient of the gift had been engaged during his residence here. Mr. G. H. Smith spoke of the many good qualities of Mr. Wilson, and wished him a successful and useful career in his new sphere of labor. A suitable response having been made, the company partook of refreshments supplied by mem- bers of the Salvation Army and others. Mr. G. H. Smith, referred to above, is also an old Strathalbynite, and his many friends here will be glad to know he is doing well in the West. THE "RATIONAL" COSTUME.—Up to quite a recent period, say a London correspondent, it was universally believed that it was against the law for a woman to appear in public in masculine attire. But since the new woman has taken to the bicycle, that idea has been entirely exploded. On Sunday mornings the principal thoroughfares of London are now crowded with feminine bicyclists, dressed in close-fitting jackets and knickerbockers, and bound for a day in the country. Some of the exhibitions thus gratuitously given to London church-goers are of the most audacious and unseemly character, and it is obvious that the authorities will have to interpose before long and insist on decency and decorum. Mr. Coningsby Disraeli called attention to these unpleasant spectacles shortly before the pro- rogation, and he has announced his determin- ation of pursuing the subject in the new Par- liament. His hands will be strengthened by two cases that have come before the London courts this week. In one a lady cyclist, clad in rational costume, was heavily fined for running over a member of her own sex, and adding insult to injury by overwhelming her victim with a torrent of abuse, finishing up by grabbing her hair and hauling her some distance along the road. In the other case two intrepid lady cyclists were fined for careering through the streets at midnight with- out lamps, and in blissful indifference to every thing ahead of them. Evidently the lady cyclist will have to be controlled and regulated by the law. THE SALVATION ARMY.—Gratifying returns are to hand of the financial result of the self- denial week which has just been held by the Salvation Army. The figures, which it is stated by the headquarters staff in Melbourne only approximate, not final, show that during the week no less a sum has been subscribed as the result of self-denial on the part of members of the organisation in all the Australasian colonies than £13,760, which is more than £2,500 in advance of the amount collected by a similar effort during last year. New Zealand heads the list with £2,750, while Victoria comes next with £2,550, and Queens- land ii not far behind with £2,530. New South Wales contributed £2,350, South Australia £1,900, West Australia £1,200 and Tasmania £480. In the individual centres. West Australia takes the lead, Perth having subscribed £337, while Coolgardie is next with £330, Norwood (South Australia) has given £270, and Dunedin (New Zealand) £200. Melbourne comes almost at the bottom of list with a contribution of only £70. It is worthy of note that in each of the two leading centres, Perth and Coolgardie, the local branch of the Salvation Army is officered by ladies, Mesdames. Minnie Powell and Hannah Miles being the "commanders." CHURCH OF ENGLAND ITEMS.—The Rev. W. J. Bussell's successor in the Strathalbyn parish, the Rev. A. Wheeler, M.A., will take up his new duties on November 1st, on which date also Mr. Bussell will accept charge of the River Mission.—On Thursday evening, October 30, from 8.30 till 10, a social will be given in the local Institute Hall by the members of the congregation of Christchurch and Lang- horne's Creek, the affair having been arranged to give an opportunity of bidding farewell to Mr. Bussell. While the social is primarily for the members of the church with which Mr. Bussell is connected, the committee, recognising the fact that the guest has been a highly useful and popular townsman in circles outside of the church as well as in it, cordially invite the attendance of any friends who desire to avail them- selves of an opportunity to join in saying "good-bye" to Mr. Bussell. It is requested, in order that due provision may be made, that those who intend to be present signify such intention to Mr. T. H. Henderson as early as convenient. 