Crliosts at Singleton. GREAT EXCITEMENT. A STRANGE APPARITION. CHASING THE MYSTERY. SINGLETON, Wednesday. — There lias been a deal of excitement in town of late in connection with the me andei-ings of an alleged ghost. The apparition is said to resemble a man named Vickery. Some years ago Viekery, who carried a large sum of money, suddenly disappeared. He left Singleton one night for his home at Bulga, and was seen for the last time when going down to the river near Fawcett's paddocks. He never rea ched home, and his disappearance up to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for. Since Vickerv van ished there have been rumors of strange lights and apparitions about the locality in which he was last seen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, while walking along the road one evening overtook, as he thought, a personal friend, and he tapped this supposed friend on the shoulder, only to find that Ms hand met no resistance, but went through something unsub stantial. The wraith or form, which lie tried to touch, immediately vanish ed. During the last month or two it is asserted that strange lights have been seen hovering about in a paddock near the spot which is said to be liaun ted, and these lights make their ap pearance at 8.35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or seven, including Mr. Playford and Ms son and Mr. Mo ran, employees at the railway station, went to watch for the light. At the hour expected a light suddenly made its appearance in a paddock nearly op posite the cemetery. When first seen the light was about the size which would be emitted from a hand lantern, was a little above ground, and moved towards the party of watchers, appar ently without tlie aid of human agen cy. After it had travelled witMn . 100 yards or so of the observers it stopped. The watchers then began to approach the light, when a regular 'will o' the wisp' chase was commen ced. As the pursuers approached the light, which had gained considerably in size, it began to retreat at a rate exactly regulated to the movements of the followers. If they ran it moved very quickly, and kept pace with them. If they walked, it went at a slower rate; if they stood still, it stop ped. Finally, after leading them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished, and was seen no more that night. A party of over 100 people, on horse and on foot and in buggies, were out on Monday night. They wat ched for a long time, saw nothing, and most of them returned to town; but a few who remained later assert, how ever, that they again saw the mysteri ous light. 