THE NATIVITY. [By Bishop Phillips Brooks.] Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem there came wise men from the East UI^^ejj. j. Another Christinas morning brings back the wonderful story on which the heart of the whole Christian world feeds its faith and hope. And as we open once again those chapters of the Gospels m which the ever fresh and living picture stands there seems from year to year always to come some newer, brighter meaning into the words that tell the tale. I have turned to this first verse of the second chapter of St. Matthew, not because I want to speak about the visit of the wise men to the infant Saviour but because these words seem to me to contain one of the meanings of Christmas, one of the influences of the Incarnation very picturesquely described. St. Matthew says that when Jesus was bornj in Bethlehem the wise men came from tlie | East of Jerusalem. Jerusalem is so far east that we hardly look beyond it. But really on the other side of Jerusalem stretches the true Eastern world, so vast and bewildering in its extent, so strange and mysterious in its characteristics, that Jerusalem is pr«pk ?) West and is almost intelligible by tn- side of it. "The East" and Jerusalem, even to-day, when one is in those regions, are distinguished from each other, and in the old days it was pot only a matter of geography—it was not only the separation by the Jordan valley and the deserts that lay beyond—it was a difference ol race, of temper, of genius, of the ideas for which these two designated regions stood. And what were those ideas? In general they have alwavs been the same. In ancient- and in modern times the East has been the home of subjective and mystical religion. Its great thought has been that man by; profound eon- l templation and laborious discipline might so j subdue his earthly elements, so break ^t tie fetters of the clay which binds him that lie might come to know. God, nay might enter I into some mystic and inexplicable union w*.1 God Himself and somehow lose himself m Deity. . On the other hand, Jerusalem -lias always stood for the condescension of God to man. In the old temple courts there were no gaunt ascetics waiting with introverted gaze until in their own souls the presence or t divinity should shine. The men to be seen there were eager-eyed worshippers, all alive, 1 all awake, watching till the glory shone above ! the mercy-seat, and till the cloud of Gods ; visible presence filled the sacred courts.^ xne exercise of Jerusalem was obedience, not eoii i templation. It was the doing of a Master s will that that Master might come and make Himself known and give His blessing; not the culture of one s own - that its essential capacity might _ be unfoldedi This is the difference. The Bast means aspiration ; Jerusalem means revelation. The'Easfc means man's search after God; Jerusalem means God's search after man. J. he I East means the religion of the devout soul; Jerusalem means the religion of the merciful God. The East means Job'scry,; ' Oh, that X knew where I might find Him !" Jerusalem means " Immauuel—God with us.. - And now it was "when Jesus was bom in Bethlehem"-that the wise men came from the I East unto Jerusalem. Are we too fanciful, I are we playing with sacred words, if in that I verse of Matthew we read a striking state ment of the truth that it is by the birth of Jesus that the religion of subjective contem plation is carried over into the religion of obedience and trust, and the search of man I after God finds its fulfilment in the gift of God to man? If that were so, then the journey of the wise men would become an everlasting picture. It would represent, the J struggle and final satisfaction of all souls who I after after long cultivation of the divine in their own life, after trying to lift themselves I up to God by tlie use or contemptuous abuse of ] the material things by which they were surrounded, at last caught sight of something I higher, something truer—at .last hecame aware | that before all the eagerness with which-' they longed to give themselves to God must. come the fact that God had already given Himself I to them. Before their hope there lay His mercy; before their desire to be absorbed m Him had come His Incarnation into their human life and lot. When that is the message of the Christmas story to any lofty, devout, self-sacrificing, struggling soul, do not the words of Matthew turn into a parable and may it not be written once again that " when Jesus was born in Bethlehem there came wise men from the East to Jerusalem ?" . . . ■ ! And what does such a religion as that j require ? Surely it is not hara to see. It needs a God standing out clear and. strong, I great in His power and His love, above the t soiil, distinctly different from the soul,. giving I Himself to the soul, but its superior, its lord and master, the source of all its goodness and j the original revealer of Himself. As when a j sleeper who has been haunted with dreams of I light or sound which seemed part of himself, and which beset his brain with all .sorts, of strange illusions concerning his own identity, at last awakes, and lo.! there is the light outside of him shining into his window from.the sun; or lo! there is the sound pealing into his ears from the reverberating thunder in the heavens—so is it when the dreamer of the East awakes and finds the truth which Jerusalem eternally represents; the reality, the objectivity, the originality of God—that He is above all things and from Him all things come; that He must be holy before we can be holy; He must love us before we can love Him ; than to know Him, not to know ourselves, is everlasting life; that not to find Him, but to. let Him find us, is salvation. That is a wondrous journey from the beautiful vague dream of a religion that is evolved from ourselves, to the clear, bright, open reality of a religion that is sent down from God, and that is the journey which a man's soul takes when for it the miracle of Bethlehem is repeated and Jesus is born.onee more—when the Incarnation becomes a reality to him and he sees God manifest in the flesh. Let us. see what these last phrases mean. They do mean something; something which if they did not mean, Christmas would be nothing to us—only the far-off celebration of ah historic anniversary. I hold that there is something which may happen to a man's soul wbicli is the correspondent, the perpetuation, almost the repetition, of what happened.far away, far back at Bethlehem. It is a distinct event in which Christ becomes part of a man's life as then He became part of the world's life! and thenceforth the man lives under His influence, as from the time of Bethlehem the world with many defections and rebellions, 'has still lived under the influence of Jesus. We may trace the correspondence, I tninlc, in some detail. Eirst there was the newness of the event at Bethlehem. It was a birth; and one of the very wonderful things about our human life is the perpetual freshness, the indestructible^ joy that clings for ever about the idea of birth. You cannot find the liovel so miserable, the circumstances and the prospects of life so wretched, that it is nob a bright and glorious thing for a child to be born there. Hope flickers up for au instant from its embers at the first breathing of the baby's breath. Ho squalidness of the life into which it comes can make the new life seem squalid at its coming. By-aud-bye it will grow dull and grey, perhaps, in sad harmony with the sad surroundings, but at the first there is some glory in it, and for a moment it burns bright, upon the bosom of the dulness where it has fallen and seems even as if it might set it afire. And so there was nothing that could with such vividness represent the newness of Christianity in the world as to have it for ever associated with the birth of a child. And there is nothing that could so set forth the fresh and novel start in all a man s experience, tlie new advent^ of power, th© re* illumination of all life for him when his vague religious aspirations become the hearty accep* tance of a personal Lord as to associate it all for ever with the birth of a child. ihat birth suggests a past, a vague and unsubtan tial being somewhere before it came to the clear presence which we see, and yet it as new as it it had had no past. The Soul that draws from out the vast And strike his being into bounds brings the eternity from which hei comes and shapes it to the newness of his life. And the personal faith of the man who has long searched amid the waste for God has all the rich remembrance of that search condensed into the freshness of this new experience wherein God has come to him. _ But it is not birth alone—it is a strange, a wonderful birth. We cannot see all that is in that story of the first chapter of St. Luke; but its idea is plain—that for the birth of Jesus there was the directest _ meet ing of Divinity and human life. It is of the mysterious spirit_ of eternity that the child is born, and likewise just as truly it is of the Hebrew maiden, living in Nazareth, a true child of the earth, as human as any of the girls with whom she had played from childhood. I do not care to understand that story fully. It is enough for me that in it there is represented the full truth about the wondrous child of Christmas Day. He is the child of heaven and earth together. _ It is the spontaneous utterance of the celestial life. It is likewise the answer to the cry of need with which every hill and valley of the earth has rung, that lies there in the cradle. It is no star dropped from the sky; it is no flower sprung up from the earth. It is the glory of heaven caught by and filling with it self, the earthly jewel which becomes un earthly in its radiance. It is an old decree of celestial prophecy, and it is also a taxing of the Human empire, that decide the place. Angel and shepherd alike are happy and tell eacli other of their joy. Here at the birth in Nazareth, heaven and earth,. that draw near and look into each other's eyes at every birth, have come close together and melted into one. It is the parable of what comes wherever Christ is born in the heart of any man. When heaven is most real and yet the earthly joy and duty are most present, then it is that the vague religious life lays hold on Jesus. It is at the moment when the loftiest is most practical and the practical seems loftiest and sacredest that He who was "con ceived of the Holy. Ghost and born of the Virgin Mary" comes into life. Mere search ing of the heavens will not find Him. Mere self-questioning of earth will not evoke Him. But .when God answers the old prayer of the Psalms—when He " bows the heavens and comes down and touches the mountains and they smoke " then the new life begins. The . humble birth of Jesus in the stable of the inn at Bethlehem was a proclamation of the insignificance of circumstances in the greatest moments and experiences of life. It was .not a glorification of _ poverty at the expense of wealth ; it was simply the accep tance of the common circumstances of life, the lot of the multitude just as it came, as if to show that when so mighty an event as that was happening it made no difference. No lot of earth was high enough to give any dignity to the birth of the Son of God and no lot of earth was so. low as to take its dignity away. I think this is the meaning of that humble manger. I think this is a greater and truer meaning for it than if we made . it a mere partisan outcry on the side of the poor against the rich. And in that meaning .how it comes to us 1 The noblest and sweetest consciousness of the human soul, when it has really made Christ its Christ, is that it does not matter whether it is poor or rich.' .It is rescued from the old vulgar slavery of wealth, but it is not plunged forthwith into the degrading idolatry of poverty. It has reached a life; it has become filled with_a spirit, which can make circumstances indiffe rent because it is so great that it can use them all.:.Men say, "Oh, if I were poor, then Christ might come to me" Oh, if I were ignorant, then I might find Him;" "Oh, if "I were. wealthy and at" leisure, I might have room- for Him;" " Oh, if I were learned, I might search Him out among the books." _ By and-bye He is born in you. You take Him as He bestows Himself upon your life and then you- see that not because of, and not in spite of, your poverty or your wealth have you come to this privilege; that those accidents were onlv accidents, that the Lord who rules and enriches you in your need is the same Lord who rules and chastens your neighbor in his plenty. That is the true loftiness of the soul that has its Christ. Again, the very moment. that the birth in Bethlehem was a fact it became a power. The little hands beckoned, and the sages from the East harnessed their camels aud started on their way. The little hands were lifted, and Herod, trembled on his throne. The very dilapidation of the stable lets the glory shine out and lets the world look in. . And there is no difference more striking between the vague religion of aspiration and the definite religion of personal faith than just in this: the last no sooner is a fact than it becomes apower. The cther'sh'rinks from utterance or influence and lives for itself alone._ The religion of contem plation is aristocratic. It finds only a few choice spirits equal to its rapturous- adven-' tures; it hides" its visions from the common' eye.- The religion of grateful obedience iB as free as air,'is wholly democratic, and craves communication. Starting not from man's capacity but from God's goodness, it has a place and-a hope for every' man.- The Christ who has come to one soul makes that soul so humble and so conscious of its true humanity that it knows in its own-joy the possibility of that joy to all mankind. Strangely^ does personal faith do two.things together which often seem to us to be incongruous, and yet which all the deepest experiences try and .tend to harmo nise ; it combines the emphasis of personality with the enlargement of sympathy. Nowhere is that truer than when the wonderof Bethlehem is repeated in us. As Mary counted the Child the world's child all the more sacredly that she knew it to be hers, and ran from bending over the cradle to open the door at the knock of the rude shepherd or the venerable sage, so the soul whose new life is the Christ, who has come into it counts that Christ all the more its own, because He is the world's, and all the more the world's because He is so certainly and dearly its own. There is another suggestion in the fact that no sooner was the life of Christ really present in .'the.world than it began to be .beset by dangers and overwhelmed with troubles. It lived through them all and conquered them, but from the beginning to the end there was nothing like calm, settled peace, clear living and clear shining for that beset and persecuted life. Eirst it was Herod at Jerusalem. Then came the wearisome visit into Ecrypt. Then, on'the return, Judea was in the enemy's hands and the Child was carried far up into the north to l^azaretb. All the time, through it all, the life went on growing, unfolding, manifesting more and more its holiness and beauty;' but from the very first it showed that to be the Son of God ' in this world was not an easy or a peaceful thing. - It was like the movement of a star across the sky—now over whelmed with clouds, now. lost in darkness till it seems to have entirely gone out, but always reappearing, always there, climbing and beauti ful, always prophesying a time when it shall come out into a cloudless sky and shine with out a hindrance. And when the Christ is born in a man's -life, when all his vague religion gathers itself into a deep personal devo tion, to' a manifested Lord, then all this is true again. Instantly _ he finds what new dangers its new intensity of per sonality has brought. _ ,A11 the dangers which personal intercourse involves—obscurity, mis conception, the difficulty of keeping clear and constant sight of the love of Him we love, the moods that rise from us and hang their dark ness about Him, all these begin to show them selves just as soon as our religion ceases to be a devout meditation or a doctrinal belief and becomes a personal' devotion to a beloved Lord. And yet.with all these dangers of .eclipse.it gains at the same time a persistency which it never had before. "While again ana again it has to hold the hand of Christ in the darkness, it is still-pervaded with a certainty like St. Paul's that nothing can finallyseparate it from Christ. Its Christ is to it what the Child of Bethlehem was to the world—evidently no easy conqueror, who with His soft strong feet was to walk unhindered through the career that lay before Him, yet one who had the sublime as surance in Hisinfanteyes thatHe would not rest and would not sink till He had travelled to the very end. . Such, is the consciousness of the manp whom Christ has made His own—a deep sense of danger, a sure .expectation of darkness, but through it all a certain assu rance of final triumph, of' peaceful, eternal light at last. Of one other point only do I wish to speak. It is. the necessary truth, of growth in the pos session of the life by Christ. To-day that truth is very present with us. It is a little child who has been with us, unconscious of the workthatstretched before Him, nay unconscious even pf His own life like every other new born child. Let us believe that there were many deep and blessed purposes, many rich lessons in that strange way of God, that when His Son came here among us it should be first in' all the feebleness of infancy. Among the lessons let us believe that this_ is one—the lesson that the very fact of Christ's presence is the great changing fact of human life and has in it the seed and power of all that He can do for man. Oh, if we all could learn that truth } to-day 1 , There are men and women who love the Lord, who-are holding Him fast to their hearts—nay, in their hearts—by love ! But so-small is the • Christhood that' they hold, so little of their lives does the new power seem to occupy,, so feeble is their understand ing of the Master whom they serve, that they can only rest upon the. fact, for the degree is nothing. They have received Him—at least that is true. ■ Now, is there power in that fact to open into such degree of- love, as they have heard of? Is there any hope of such a fulness of Christ as other men have known? As surely as in. that baby life at Bethlehem there lay the power which lia3 run through all the' world ; tho power which makes J udea burn like a star for ever; the power which has transfigured his tory ; the power _ which has made millions of men its _ joyous servants; the power of millenniums yet to be, so surely in the humblest soul's humble cer tainty that it does love Christ there lies en , folded all the possibility of the most perfect ■ sainthood.; I This is tlie day,- dear friends, to bind two I sayings of St. John together, and hold them ! | in our hands and see them shine together with j ; the Christmas glory—first, this verse, " As ! | many as received Him to them gave He power ; ! to become the sons of God and then this other verse, " Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall bo : but we know ... we shall be like Him." 