THE COOK AND JACKYARD. M "The Cook" sends a reply to JackyardV' letter of last week. Quiz has not room for the whole of the communication, but here are some extracts :—" His assertion that the whole article savors of the kitchen in its vilest moments is nonsensical and quite inappropriate. 4 Jackyard '" may be an authority in the kitchen and on kitchen utensils, but surely he does not imagine his culinary know ledge will be of service to him in the lacrosse field, exeept perhaps for basting the other fellows. ' Jack yard ' says that the whole article is calculated to damn the reputation of some amateur fishermen and paddlers at Glenelg, including, I presume, 4 Jackyard' himself. It's nothing of the sort, sir. The word does not appear in my letter, nor have I any desire to 'cuss' one of these highly respectable individuals again by way of favor, including 4 Jack yard.' In fact, after reading his letter it is obviously unnecessary for me to do so; it couldn't do him any harm. These irate players pose as gentlemen. I sincerely believe they are gentlemen, joking apart; but to act up to it they should keep their tempers, and remember that to give the lie direct, as 'Jackyard' in his letter does, is, under any circumstances, a most ungentlemanly thing to do. Then again, take his allusions to the lamented Patsy Weldon and John L. Sullivan. Sir, believe me, I have never known either Mr. Patsy Weldon or Mr. J. L. Sullivan, and if they're acquaintances of 4 Jackyard's' I'm sure I don't want to be, * Jackyard' finishes up with a little so-called advice, at least he nearly does, and I wont notice his nasty remarks and insinuations about yelping hounds and sepulchres, except to say that 4 Jackyard' might with advantage read something aboat whited sepulchres, should he know where to find it. Other than that I know nothing about either hounds or sepulchres, as I am not acquainted with 'Jackyard' or his ghost. Now for the advice. Mine to him is to write in a more temperate spirit first of all, if he is going to write. He'll find that good advice, if he follows it, but better than that is to drop writing altogether. A bit more is to devote a little of his spare time to studying 44 ye game and playe of ye lacrosse," and not to mix it up with cooking utensils, railways, and Chinese. A more appropriate name for a man of fJackyard's' propensities would be 4 Jackdaw.'" 