1 WITH" A TRAVELLING TROUPE. 1 V.>" V I . THESPIAN TOURS; DOING THE DISA.PPEAIti NCE THICK. Stuck in tho fflud. An Advance Agent Overcomes Opposi tion—Scoops A Show — How They Got Hack. "The troubles of a travelling theatrical troupe are legion," said the clean- shaved man who woe struggling with a soda and a stick. . ! " Legendary, you mean," put in tho Press man, who had just surrounded his. "I reckon you fellows on tour have the best \- cuno; - yon gee au tne advantages or travel . and scenery, and " "Hotel fleas," interrupted the other. " Yes, we got all thoso advantages, and more. I could tell you a lot of rich things if we had time, but " Here tho cloan- shaved man paused. " Have another drink," said the Press man ; "havo anothor drink. How long sinco you caine back ?" he continued, quickly, to distract the barmaid's attention from 'the clean-shaved man, who kept on pouring the whisky into his glass, regard less of conscquonccs. " Been back ? Let me see ; 'bout ton days. Talking of fleas, though, did you .ever get flea-bitten p" " Well, yes ; I must confess — " ' Oli, I mean real flea-bitten, realchawod up. Same as if you'd passed through a stone-breaking machine, and then run out of a sieve ?" " No ; can't say that I have," replied the Pressman. "Woll," went on the clean-shaved, "you ought to have "been along with us ; this trip to got that experience. We put up -at . a pub in Golongabri one night. The ::iwh'oIe' company turned in after, the per formance was over — .we had a £10 house. . : "We were pretty crowded for. room, and l .-. was sleeping on a billiard-table with the . -stage-managor. You'd hardly think they'd reach us there, but they did. '/ About 2 o'clock my partner woke up and struck a light. He said a rat had beeu .gnawing at his toe. I ridiculed the idea. But when we came to look at the toe we found it had been bitten, and was bleeding. We hunted round for the rat, but couldn't "ALLOW ME, SIB, TO GIVE YOU M.Y CAB-B-D." find him. So we left the candle burning and turned in again. In about ten minutes I felt 8omethingcrawlingupthe insido of my leg. Before I could get tho clothes off he had laid hold of it. Upon my soul, it was like a nip with a red-hot pincers. 1 never felt anything like it in ray whole life. Well, wo just simply fought those fleas all night. I never had such a time, and when tho crowd turned up at breakfast you could see that the" lot, "men and women, had been doing. An all-night turn too. We were .yvashod right out. Tho next night wo took i lis 6d. We wore nearly broke, and had v made up our minds" to lenvo for tho next Jtbwp, where we were billed, right after the .'Bhowwa3 over. We held a caucus meeting _ ,in the ladies' dressing-room after the r;Voari»in fell," and tho treasurer explained -J" th,eo "financial ..position. After a silence ;thiofe ehonwh.. to cut with a knife, the . -leading juvenile proposed that we should he" "'disappearing trick. Most of our ;Crqwdi-rRnd, in fact, moat of mauy travel- ;"ling r crowds — - had ' been there before, : and . didn't feel- that diffidence which . sits awkwardly upon tho amateur whif ' has -mode up his uund, 'for the fitsb time) \- .not to:'pay an hotel <bill. Tho business woj loft to old Dr— — , our manager. Yott know' old D— — p Yes ? Well, you know what a highly dignified, heavy father he makes, even . ,when lie is ;off the boards. D— , had done the trick - before; So l('o instructed us to just get our. props out 1 quietly to the coaoh, Which, we ; had hired, ' r ' and leave him to deal with . the landlord. . Wo got out all right (most of our . proris had been brought down to the hall where we wore showing beforo-hand), and then D takes the landlord into the private parlor, and invites him to have' a little refreshment." Landlord, all smiles, in the expectation of getting his bill for' the company's board, lodging, &c.;,'for three days, accepts kindly invite. When the liquor is brought in, D — with, a fino and lofty dignity, puts his hand inside tho breast of his coat, and, " Haw, by tho way, Mr. Smith, have you got that little account of mine made up?" Landlord Hands over the bill, and D- , looking it over, remarks with safne dignified and lofty' bearing, - " Haw, £3 12s 6d, Vory reasonable, vory reasonable indeed ! (Landlord thinks : so, too). Haw, by the way, I am billed' to . appear in Grumbalong to-morrow night ; liopo to do woH in Grumbalong." Landlord hopes so too. "Haw, how ranch ! Ah, £8 12s 6d. Very reasonable. Vory" reasonable indobd!" " ToroiB moderate, and bo on ; my people vory well satisfied with accommodation, I "AND. THIS IS WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPENED." believe. Haw, by the way, landlord, did I mention that we were billed to appear in Grumbalong to-morrow night?" Landlord recollects Mr. D did mention. Would Mr. D. be so kind as to settle the account now?" "Settle it, yes, sir; settle it, of course settle it. What else did you think I meant to do with it,, sir? What do you mean, sir, by asking me such a question ? What do you mean, sir ? ,- Landlord, getting angry, demands his \- bill straight out. D , starting up with his hand still inside the breast of his coat, demands : " What the devil do you mean, sir ? Do you dare to insult me. sir ? An honorable member of an honorable profession (he lias about eightoenpence in his pocket) by inferring that I am endeavoring to do yon — you, a miserable keeper of a miserable bush-shanty, out of your bill, Bill ! (this with contempt and scorn) Bill? Bill for what? For honoring your roOf by- sleep ing under it for two nights, and feeding your fleas, sir. Fleas ! Fleas ! A most - exorbitant price for such a concession ou ; tlie part of a theatrical company, embracing ' -some of tho fineBt talent in the Antipodes. : A most' unheard-of extortion, sir ! Upon ' my soul I have a good mind not to pay one penny." , Here the landlord begins to threaten. ' " You threaten me, eir. Me !" says old D— — , in a fine stage fury. " Now, sir, I will not pay your bill. Nob one penny of it, sir. Not one damned penny." Now, do your worst!" With that D , still preserving bis air of lofty, dignity, and keeping bis hand upon his heart, a la heavy father, gets to door, and is gone ! Tho Bmooth-faced man paused and looked at his glass, which was empty, and tho scribe softly signed the barmaid to " fill 'em up once more." " I'll tell you a funny thing our advance agent' did when we were up at Coojah last trip," said the theatrical, sipping his drink. " Lofts was the name of our man ; clover man, too. Lots of check. PileB of it. Went'to Coojah, and put up at the best hotel. ' Could talk round anything. Talked the landlord' into lotting him put up a big calico show-sign over the bottles, .-Had "bills in all the bedrooms. Went to the ; butcher's and bought a fore-quarter, ,pf ' mutton in order to get the butcher, to lot him use his' paling fence as a hoard ing. Did no end of clevor . things. Day before our show opens Lofts is drihKr : ' ing in the bar, and talking big, when a frowsy sort of gent in a big overcoat— it was 120 in the shade at Coojah — copes' in, i bo'wi to Lofts, and hands him a very dirty- looting cord. Lofts looks at card, and reads . 03CAB EDGAB BAYLIS3, ' Advonoo Agout, Soonor's Circus Co, "Ha," says Lofts to himself, "must . work this follow. Asks fellow have a . drink. Circus. man accepts, you bob! It'e. big thing for tho advance agont of a circus to be on drinking terms with tho advanoe agent fop a theatrical show,- you know. But Lofts puts asido all tho etiquotte of the profesh when he has business in his mind." KeepB on filling circus man up with beer until the latter is ready to swear eternal and everlasting friendship. Then Lofts asks circus man : " When does your show open here ?" " To-morrow night," Bays circus man. And, say, I hotter start about getting up my bills, hadn't I ? Got any places for your bills yet?".. "Got 'em all," Bays Lofts, "got every place taken. No'-use your worrying about putting up o.ircus bills. Your band will , bring 'em withont any bills. .Come along with ms And we'll have a look round the town." Circus man accepts invitation to " look round," and- Lofts meets him at the door with a bucket of paste and a brush in his ' hand, aud a big bundle of bills under his arm. " Well, you'd hardly believe it, but our man got their man . to carry round the bucket and the paste-brush for him while he billed the whole town! Never heard of an opposition show, especially a circus; ' being -got over that way, did you ?" " No. 'never," replied the scribe, "but did you have any bad weather during your trip ?" " Bad weather," replied tho smooth faced man, " I should smile. Nothing but " bad . weather ; awful weather ; roads some thing cruel. Then had to get out and push and swim after tho coach in places. while tho women stood up on the roof and ' prayod. Nearly lost our leading lady and "THE CIBCUS AGENT POSTED UP THE THEATBE BILLS." junior female juvenile trying to cross the Murrumbidgee while in flood. Only saved by root of a tree that caught in hor skirts and held her up till the stage manager swam off with a rope and saved her. I' tell you that was a bit different work to diving off a candle-box on the provincial stage into about two foot of painted canvas sea and rescri.irig tho herbino from a watery grave, 'yrhilst the curtain comes down with a run to hide tho;rescuor's heels, which are ; left up qwing to tho sea not having suffi cient depth. - ,1 ought to.- toll you how we. stuck in ' the ' mud oh tho" road between Coohunon and Comeundra. - TflTe.wero billed to, show in Comeundra on Saturday night, 1 Wo expected -a £50 house, which -.was to have settled 'up two woeks arrears of wagoa aud Covered a lot of losses. Coaoh, which " wo liad. hired to carry _ us right." tb rough the tbrir i n that district,; starts , 'out Saturday morning. fdur 'ladico and aix gentlemen, ladies inside, gentlemen mos'Uy !;7 out. Rain commences to fall: after we have ' " been on the road aboutari hour and a half. - By -dinner-time the roads- consist- of two large ruts and nine hundred and ninety- ' nine small ones. Women inside shrieking dvery now and then when . their heads bnmped against tho roof. Men outside holding on and cursing like old boots. Lively sort of procession, I promise yon. " Between 12 o'clock and 4 o'clock make .. only five miles headway. Got thirty-five more to go. Roads getting worse, rain coming down thicker than ever. " About dusk driver sings out ' Hold on tight,' going down a hill to crossing of crook. Got over creek somehow — God knows how— but stick in mud and slush on tho other side. Comeundra twenty miles away, and got to open at 8 or lose the lot. No money in exchequer ; no return tickets toSydnoy; have to work back 'stone broke.' Some of 'em who have had that experience - ' . -before toll harrowing tales of hard-up-ness . to cheer up those who haven't. Lively outlook. Coach fast in the mud, coining on . dark, and no houses in sight. Bart of company start to walk ahead as a kind of . . forlorn hope. By-and-bye leading lady discovered deserted ' farm- house in the bush. Get in and start to make a fire and dry things, which are all wet. Devilish dark ! Suddenly leading lady faints dead - (genuine faint), and falls into stn'ge- manager's arms. Ghost (real ghoBt) dis covered in chimney-place. - That section of . company leave deserted house in a great hurry, and slosh about on the road till daylight. Get into Comeundra Monday evening; still raining, arid no possibility of opening show — and no money in it ovoa if it did open.'.' Here the smooth-faced man finished his - drink with a deep "sigh, and relapsed into glooiliy silence. " How did you get back ?" asked the scribe presently." . The, smooth-faced man awoke from his revorie. r "How did we get back ?" he vepoated. " I'mblowed if I know." 