Morpeth Mcins. I A week or two ago, wo were startled (?) by tho strange tales regarding tbe conduct of a certain ' spook ' in the Singleton district. Not to be behind in the hunt, Morpeth has now raised ono of the shadowy gentlemen. _ It appears that two persons, whoso words can certainly bo depended on, were proceeding to their homes after having come from Maitland by the train which arrives at Morpeth at about 7.20 in tbo evening. Their way led them down tho road towards the Hinton punt, which they have had to (and do) travel at all times, and especially about ttie time mentioned above. There are no houses on cither side of the road from the corner to the punt, and after going about 100 yards past tho former place,— strange frenk of fate !— the talk turned to the subject of ghosts. One asked the other if he believed in suuh phenomena, and after a few general remarks on the subject, expressed a wish to make tbe acquaintance of one. No sooner had the words gone past the lips than an indescribable shape rose, as it were, from the gutter, and gliding across the road just in front of them with noiseless movements, disappeared in the darkness on the . other Bide. The friends did not run — they were ] incapable of it, for reasons better imagined than explained. They managed to get away from (he spot, however, and one of the participants in the adventure declared that the shape was about three feet high, and white, with black rings on it. He also declares that he made a kick at ir, but his foot went past it into empty spnee. Be that as it miiy, when he reached the ferry, so rumour (and the pnntman) say, he was very white and could scarcely speak, and now is very cautious when ho lins occasion to pass the spot. Strange as this may appear, there was an old man injured at this very spot some four or five years ago. He was riding a horse, and a mail coach coming behind him either struck or frightened his | horse, so that the amimal jumped against a tele graph post, and threw or fell upon him, breaking his thigh. He was taken to tho Maitland Hos pital, and after being in the institution some seven or eight weekB, was juBt beginning to knock about again, when he fell and broke his thigh the second time. Some few months before that accident, a man named Asmussen was riding along (the victim of tho above accident; strange to say, was his companion) when his horse went over the bridge, and he received such injuries that he died about forty-eight hours later at the Hunter River Steam Packet Inn, whither he was removed. It will therefore be seen that there is some slight grounds for the feelings of those, superstitiously inclined, to worti upon. A meeting of the Morpeth Borough Council was called for Wednesday evening, but it lapsed. At the appointed time there were present: — Aldermen Hanshaw, Burg, and W hite. Alderman Campbell arrived just as tbe clock was on the point of eight, while Alderman ICebblewhite put in an appearanco a few minutes later. The genial Mayor (Mr. C F. Wakely), we regret to hear, is rather seriously ill from pleurisy and bronchitis. He is not exactly confined to bis bed, but iB able to sit up and talk, although he has to keep in a warm room. Dr. Bennett, we believe, is in attendance. Alderman Portua also i3 rather nnwell, and did not put in an appearance. This is the second meeting in suc cession of this Council which has fallen through for want of a quorum, the cause on the previous occa sion being attributed to the legal decision given in Sydney and the delay in the passing of the Muni cipalities Amendment Bill. Sometime ago the Morpeth Council secured apiece of ground close to the public pound, and fenced it in as a place in which to confine animals seized for impoundment at night until morning, when they could be put in tho public pound. The pound keeper finds it a great deal of trouble in the case of fractious animals to remove them from one yard to another. He is now applying to the Council to have a irate leading from one to the other provided, so that there might be no need to drive the animals out into the street. Some few days ago a cheque drawn by the Borough Council upon the Bank of New South WaleB, Sydney, in absorption of a grant of £25 for expenditure on tho Morpeth Park was refused payment. On previous occasions only smaller cheques were drawn, which did not come up to the total amount of the grant. But in this instance a large number of men were employed, and their wages for the fortnight totalled about i3.1.. Their wages were paid from the general fund of the Coun cil, the amount over and above the £25 grant being paid from the municipal revenue. Then a cheque waB drawn on the Bank of New South Wales, Sydney, for the £25 as a refund, but strange to say it was returned. Again it was sent in and again it was returned ; the second time with the statement that the Treasury instructions did not allow the bank authorities to pay cheques for the full amount. In the meantime the Council, who had a large number of men at work ir. the borough, were hovering close to their bank overdraft limit, and it appeared as if they would hav6 to discharge some of the men. The Council Clerk stated the case to the Hon. J. N. Brunker, and solicited his help in the matter, and that gentleman, with his usual courtesy, at oneo saw the Treasury authorities, -with the result that the bank were at once instructed to pay the money, which the Council shortly received. In view of the works for the relief of the unemployed which are being commenced in |Mait land, the following petition, signed by a large number of Morpeth men, who are out of work, has been presented to the Morpeth Borough Council : — ' The Mayor and Aldermen. We have observed that the Government has set apart a sum of money for the purpose of relieving the unemployed of the district, and that relief works are being proceeded with in or near Maitland. In view of the scarcity of employment in the Morpeth district we respect fully request that you will take such steps as you may deem best to secute a portion of such relief for the unemployed of Mometh.' Members of the West Maitland Band of Hope on Wednesday paid a visit to Morpeth to supply a programme for an entertainment, under the aus pices of the Gospel Temperance. The evening waB spent at the School of Arts. The attendance was only moderate. Mr. Mannall occupied the chair. The following programme was rendered and much appreciated : Pianoforte duet, Miss A. Oxley and S. Coleman ; solo, Mr. W. Why ; quartette, ' Rest thee my baby voeal duet ' Very sus picious,' Miss Ruth Barden and Mr. 'W. Johnson ; solo, Mr, H. Short ; chorus, 'Stpal away pianoforte solo, Mr. E. Chamberlain ; chorus,.' Reign, Massa Jesus, reign violin solo, Mr. A. Ribeej dialogue, ' Mrs. Bouncer's tea party j' solo, MisB Tipper ; solo, ' Island of dreams,' and as an encore ' Sweet Marie,' Mr. W. Why ; chorus, ' Rodo.' Messrs. Mannall and House delivered a Bhort address, illustrating the benefit to be derived from total abstinence. At tho conclusion of tho programme the visitors were entertained with light refresh ments. 