fk Peer ag the Woman. BOOK I. CHAPTER XVII. 'I a1 gotten some idea,' Jimrepliod in a mysterious manner. 'Keep a civil tongue in tha head, mon, and bid the others.' ' . ' They had reached the little strip of beach, and were slowly making their way under the shelter of the cliff to the cot tages. Higb np in front of them shone the, two glimmoring lights from the castlej The stranger looked at them curiously.1' ??????? ' What lights are those ?' ho asked, pointing upward. Jim Door's eyes followed his gesture, and he crossed himself again, 'From Clanavon Castle, yer 'onor,'' he answered. , . '?'?}. *.;They seem a long way apart,' re jnarked;ihe other, looking up at them ,-. ^iihfintorest. ' Ah !' 1 'Again the clouds had parted, and a brilliant flood of moonlight streamed down upon the wild listle scene, glisten ing across the waste of tossing waters, and throwing sVrange shadows upon the towering cliffs. But the most strik ing object of all was the castle ; and the stranger stood with eyes fixed upon it, scarcely caring to cast a single glance at the remainder of the panorama. .iMigh;'. :up above them the gloomy pile, ' with its frowning ramparts, its ruined towers, and its massive keep, stood out boldly, the magnificence of Jts situation heightened by , the weirdness of the light, the hour, and the storm. Midway dovm the flagstaff the remains of the flag, '? tattered and torn almost into strips by the gale, were still streaming in the wind, floating against a background of light oily-looking clouds which hovered over the castle, and against which every tear and almost- the very pattern was distinguishable. It was a fine sight, although' a gloomy one. Jim Doore looked steadfastly at the two lights, and then, turning round, pointed them out silently to bis com panions. There was a little murmur of superstitious awe. and each man crossed himself. Tne stranger looked on in surprise. » V^hy do you do that?' he asked ' curiously. ' Reason enoo, yer 'oner,' Jim answered slowly, and dropping his voice to an impressive; pitch; 'Dost a' see yon der lpight; the fur un oot theer in the tower V ?Yes ! , What of it?' ? ' . ' ' Jim shook his head. , » Tis no flesh and blood that boide3 theer, or that kindled that loighv.' ? The stranger smiled the easy, scepti cdlsmile of the sturdy materialist, to whom such statements seem only the ?weak superstitions of an ignorant, un educated peasantry. He said nothing, but that smile was enough. The whole of the little body of men were up in arms- There castle ghost was a familar jdea to all of them. There was not one of them who did not firmly believe in its existence.' For a stranger to ,; come arh'origthem and effect incredulity ap peared, to them very much in the light of a discourtesy, which each one was prompt .to resent. The young man cheeked them, however, by holding up bis hand. .' Look here !' he protested. ' You shall tell tne all about your ghost when we get inside. I'm wet through to the1 skin, and cold as woll. Push on, my worthy guide, and let us get beneath this roof of yours.' ' Roight, roight, sor,' was the good humoured answer. ' We 'boan't so fur, neither.' They turned a corner of the cliff, and the little cluster of cottages nestling close up to its side lay right down before them. From the window of Jim Dome's above there shone a pleasant, warm light, reflected from the roaring firo which his wife had been making up in anticipation of a visitor. The stranger saw it and soon' quickened his pacoi,/1 ..'..'? ; ? ' ? ' By Jove !' b« exclaimed, ' if that isn't the pleaaantest sight I've seen to day. Is this your house V Jim pushed op«n jtho door with his foot, and ushered in his. guest with a rough gesture,' which was meant for a welcome. ' Doan't 'ec stan' out noa longer in this cold, yer 'onor,' he said. ' Coom thee in, by t' foire, and my missus shall find 'ee some dra cloathes. Get theo by t' fire* Missus ! Missus ! We a' fonnd 'im— «'fcwas a gentlemon as a' lost his way t' the castle. Coom thee and bring ma' Sunday cloathes. Why, dang it, lass, what is ta staring at ?' During the first part of this speech Jim bad been busy stirring up the fire and otherwise arranging for the comfort . of his guest, whose clothes wero steaming in .- the warm blaze. But toward its completion, Bomewhat surprised i». the non- appearance of his better haii, he had turned toward the door and had re ceived somothing of a shock. Standing on tho threshold was his wife, with her eyes steadfastly fixed upon the stranger, and faor bands raised to her temples. There was an expres sion, in her face which, during his many years of wedded life, Jim Doore had seen nothing of before. Her cheeks ?were colorless, her dark eyes were full of horror, and her whole attitude was that of a woman paralysed by the sudden ap jpearanco of an unlooked-for danger, Tho young man at tho fireside, uueon acioos of her scrutiny, leaned forward toward tho blaze, which shone full upon his handsome face, ' and appeared to bo making himself deoidedly comfortable She made no answer to her husband's impatient quostion. She stood thoro quite still, hor lips trembling a little and ihor -eyes still fixed upon the hep which was glowing in the ruddy firelight. jE^or ijjnsband repeated his impationt question, and the slraugor lurried carelessly round in his seat, as though mildly \vond-;rit:g what bad provoked it. . His movement teemed to effect what her hus band's word3 had failed to do. She moved slowly forward into tho middle of the room, and her face resumed its usunl expression, save for a slight shade of pallor. ' They're down hero in tho corner, Jim. I thought as they might bo wanted. Would this gentleman like anything to eat ?' she added hesita tingly. 'Anything to eat !' he repeated, turn ing a good-humoured, smiling face upon her. ' My good woman, there is only one word which would explain my con dition at the pr&sept; moment. I'm starving — literally -starving ! Forgive the question, but what have you in the the house ?' 'Not much that's fit for yon, sir, I'm afraid,' she answered, quietly. ' There's a bit of bacon, and some' fish — the fish is fresh and good if you like it, sir — and I could got you some tea.' ' I should think t do like fish !' ho answered her. ' Let me have some, by all means, and some tea ; and I'll try the bacon, too. What a luck'y thing for me you heard that shout, my good fellow. Now, where can I get into those things ?' ?Here, sir, by the fire, Jim'll come with me into the back room. I've got a fire there, sir ; and your supper won't be long.' She turned away and her husband followed her. Presently she returned with a clean white clother on her arm and commenced making preparations for the meal. Her guest had attired him self in the clothes which she had provided, and, overcome by the pleasant warmth after bis long exposure to the wot and cold, had sunk down in his chair and was dozing. Once or twice she glanced across to him, and then seeing that he , was really asleep she moved softly over to his side and looked down into his face. In her husband's rough clothes his fair boyish face looked all the handsomer by reason of the contrast, and as she looked into it she felt a lump come into her throat, and her heartbeat fast. Again there came that sensation of fear. Why had he come ? What was tbo meaning of it 7 If ; only she dared ask him ! (To be Continued.') A curious coincidence happened on the marriage of a couple in Victoria. It was discovered that in the same town, on the same day, without any prearrange ment, another couple bearing exactly the same surnames, and not connected with any family ties, were married to each other. All the parties met accidentally at the station, where they were introduced just as they were about to leave for their honeymoon. Angry Pedestrian who has been knocked down by a passing bike : ' The next infernal scoundrel ? Oh, I see ! It was a man on horseback. Never mind, sir. It didn't hurt me. I thought it was one of those darned cyclistSi , . ? ; For Gravel ; and Kidney complaints use Colemane and Sons's Eucalypte Extract.-'' ' ?' ?: ??' . ',; \ -^;: \ '??_ ';';;' 