SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BY SKIPP BORL&SE;, Author of " For True Love's Sake," " Three Lovely Women,"" Darker than Death,"' 'A» Ocean Secret," " Recalled to Life," "Richen to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron3* "The Police Minister,"&c.; CHAPTER LXIV.—{Concluded.) " Be quiet, you little fool, and fear nothing', for yon should know by this time that I'm not the man to ahuck away a thousand pounds, or to aun my neck into a noose either, where it oan possibly be helped. Had I intended to kill yon why the deaoe should I have bidden yon pat food in your pockets? Dead women don't want victuals, do they? There's nothing at the bottom of xhat hole bat a passage, and you'll reaoh it without so mnoh as a Drniee if you'll only follow my directions, aye, and I also, for I do assure you that I'm going wherever you go. As for the nans they were thrown into a very different bole, and I only told you 'twas this one at the first in order to tame and subdue you. To comfort yon furthermore I do most solemnly nromise yoa that the fresh prison which I'm about to secure you in yoa will not in all probability tenant for four-and-twenty boon, at all events if I can possibly prevent it yon won't." This speeoh was certainly reassuring, and Ruth at once arrived at the oonclnsion that by far her safest course would be to obey her gaoler in all things, for that she was wholly at his meroy she could not entertain a doubt! Knowing by the expression of her faoe that she had made up her mind to this course, Greenwood vouchsafed to oall her " a sensible little woman after all." and then he leant as it were over the chasm and drew ont of the darkness a long plank, having an iron loop well' adapted for a foot rest, secured to the bottom thereof. Depositing this on the floor of the room, with fally a third of its .length necessarily hanging over the abyss, he bade Ruth lay down at fall length thereon, plant tarfeet firmly against the ring, cross her hands on her ohest, and thereafter not to move lest die should receive an injury; and not daring to refuse she did ezaotly as she was bidden. Then Greenwood poshed the plank gently forward, and in an instant more it began to slide down into the gulf at so terrible a speed that Rath oould not have shrieked oat, even had she tried, for sheer want of breath. She vaguely felt that she must be dashed to pieces upon reaching the bottom. Instead of that, when the bottom was readied, the plank slid along it for some way, Mid then gradually oameto a standstill, so that when she had got back her breath Lady Howarch ditoovered, almost to her surprise, that she was wholly uninjured. She was in complete darkness, bnt it did not for long envelope her, for almost immediately there ensued a sharp clicking noise, whioh Rmight have frightened her had she not recognised it as the striking of a flint against steel, and as it oeased the rays of a candle illuminated the awful gloom, and behind it was the face of Haloamns Greenwood. "Fear nothing,"said he, "for as I have kept faith with yon in this matter so shall I in others. Many of our troubles look to as lilts a bottomless pit until we boldly fathom them, and then, Io and behold, we find the bottom to be no deeper and no more terrible than this one has proved." He then took her by the hand, and led her along the low, narrow, and damp subterranean passage, for it might have been a quarter of a mile, and until the rooky floor thereof commenced to trend upwards somewhat, when presently he stopped opposite to a door, drew a wall-oiled key from bis pooket, and inserted it in the huge and trusted look. "Ob, not in there—not in there," screamed Rath, as a terrible apprehension seized bold upon her, though she eoald hardly have told why or for what reasoa. "Sorely even yot would not be brutal enough to imprison me ie a charnel house?" " Not if I could provide yoa with a pleasanter and a more wholesome place of captivity, assuredly not. This door leads into no charnel hoase, however, bat into a ohapel'; and where oeuld one who prides herself upon being a Chriitiaa be safer or happier than in acbapel?" The door scrooped open as he spoke before the steady pressure of his disengaged arm, and leading hiB captive within it, he quickly closed it behind them. Then Lady Howarth, glancing timorously around, discovered herself to be in what seemed to be the strangest plaoe oonoeivable. The floor was flagged, the roof vaulted, and supported every here and there by short dummy pillars, whilst everywhere around were stone monuments of the departed, all alike in shape, and having on their flat tops the sculptured forms of warriors clad in cbaia mail, their feet crossed upon cushions, a cross upon their breaats, and their hoga two-handed swords lying by their sides. But the horrifio part of the affair was that each tomb had a transparency of some kind* let into one of its sides representing the crucifixion, or some agonising martyrdom of Christian saint or warrior, all of which were illuminated from within by an apparently unquenchable and never expiring light, doubtless phosphorescent in its nature. On one side of the ohapel, whioh was evidently a mortuary one, there stood a carved stone altar, supporting a craoifix, that was flanked on either side by three tall candlesticks, bat whatever metal these had onoe been composed of, they were now as black as ebony, though spotted with patehes of vivid green. " On my coal, Ruth, I both hope and believe that yon won't tenant this gruesome plaoe for motb than twenty-four hours at the very outside, and I am prepared to run even a little extra hazard in order to preserve yoa from so doing. Meanwhile, however, you are in exoellent company here, for the warriors who, pillowed on buokles oold and hard, lie all around yon have all in their day fought for the Cross and fot Zion, so that even their ghosts should be a better and more weloome protection to yon than the companionship ot doubtless muoh less estimable living folks. For the rest you have sufficient food and oandlu to last yoa with oare an entice week, and behold I have forgotten neither your book nor yo|r wine." So saying Haloamnt Greenwood emptiad the oontpnts of his ample pockets upon one of the monuments. "But what place is this?" asked Ruth faintly. "The mortaary Chapel of the Knight's Templars, whose preoeptorythe haunted hoase in Goose-lane was oentunes before it was converted into a nunnery. It is sitnated, I calculate, immediately beneath the still standing Keep Tower of the old Saxon Oastle. Perhaps the subterranean passage was formed to enable the knights to retreat from the preceptory to the Castle as the stronger defence in time of need, but all that I know foroertaiu about this place is that I discovered it by chance, and once npon a time oohtemplated profaning its sanctity, if it still possesses any, by making it a den—not exactly of thieves, but of ooiners." And with a soornful andoontempbuouslaugh Greenwood suddenly darted oat of the Chapel, and locked the door behind him. 