CHAPTER IV.-HOW WOULD SHE BEAU ITÍ The public interest in the Denmark-street murder gradually diminished, and finally ex- pired before summer leaves were withered and dead, dying for want of nutriment. The crime bad made a profound sensation, first because thc victim was a gentleman, a man of means and position, and above all, a man of unblemished character. Next because it was a shock to society in general to discover that a man of undoubted courage and power- ful physique could be assassinated in broad daylight, in a decent London street, amidst the going and coming of respectable working people, and that his murderer could escape unchallenged with his plunder. There were a good many leading articles in the newspapers upon the subject of Robert Hatrcll's untimely fate. The Denmark-street mystery was served un to the British public, which gloats over ali such mysteries, with every varioty of journalistic sauce, and the British public were told, as they bad been very ol tea told before, that they were living in a corrupt and degenerate age, that such crimes as the Denmark-street murder were the natural outcome of luxurious habits in the upper middle classes, and unspeakable corrup- tion in thc aristocracy, a depth of degradation under a veneer of refinement whereby wes naturally engendered the spirit of revolt in the masses. The British public was informed that a wave of crime was passing over England, and that a savage lust of blood aud gold was in the air, and thc British public was further- more called upon to take warning by these monstrous developments of our nineteenth century civilisation, and in a general way to mehd its manners. These voices crying in the wilderness of London life the British public heard with but a languid interest. The one point that did interest them, after the natural curiosity as to the wily and the how of Robert Harrell's death, was the point that London was not altogether a place devoid of danger to human lile even in broad daylight, that a man might at any uuguardod moment lie lured within four walls and stabbed to death. There were some who argued that there must have been some dark spot in Mr. Hatrell's history, or he would not so readily have followed an unknown messenger on the strength of a woman's name. There UIUBI have been something in the dead mon's relations with the woman called Antoinette, which mode ita matter of life and death to him to go wherever she summoned him. Otherwise, bearing in mind that he was on Iiis way to an important business appoint- ment, and that he had four thousand pounds in bis breast pocket, it must needs seem strange that he should be so easily turned aside. So argued society, shaking its hoad sagely at dinner tables, where men and women s natural interest in the tragedy of human life sometimes gets the better of that good taste which would exclude such subjects of con- versation from relined assemblies. Summer was gone, and it was late autumn, and thc outside world had forgotten Robert Harrell-had forgotten him just when his widow was waking from a long, dull dream of agony to the reality of her irreparable loss. The woods along the valley of the Thames, were clothed in russet and gold, and Clieve den's glades were strewn with fallen leaves. The mists of autumn rose in the early evening pale and ghost-like ulong the river-meadows, and thc horses on the tow-path and the ripple of water against the sides of the barge boa a ghostly sound in tho obscure greyness, through wliich boat and horse caine slowly, aa if moving in secret under the veil of night. it was a mild and lovely day at the begin- ning of October when Clara Hatroll left the house for tho first time since hor husband's funeral on the eleventh of July. She had insisted on following kim to his grave in Lumford Churchyard, aud she had borne her- self with extraordinary fortitude throughout the funeral servico, had stood by the grave till the last ccromony had been performed, the wreath of summer Cowers laid in its place, and then she had gone quietly back to the house where thc happiest years of her married life had been spent and bad gone to her room without a word, save one gentle murmur of thauks to thc sister who had been at her side on that trying day. Her sister followed her up stairs, heard ber lock the door of ber room, and after listening outside for some minutes went down to the drawing-room where the clergyman of the parish, the family lawyer, and Ambrose Arden were assembled. " I don't know what to do about Clara," she said anxiously, "she'has locked herself in her room, and I don't feel that it is right to leave her alone. Yet I don't like to foroe my- self upon her, ono cannot tell what to do for thc best ; it may bc better perhaps that she should be alone with her grief." _ I " Mrs. Hatrell is a woman of deep religious feeling," said the priest, "she will not be alone. She bas been borne up wonderfully this day. The same Power will be with her ii i thc solitude of her room. It might be well to leave her alone for au hour or two, Mrs. Talbot. After a period of solitary prayer she will bt glad of the comfort of your sisterly love." " YeB, I think you are right. I will leav her to herself for a time, poor dear thing." Mrs. Talbot was an elder slater, who ha married six years before Clara made her debu in society. She had married a rising physioia who had now risen to the fashionable level and was one of thc most popular doctors a thc West Kud of London. Mrs. Talbot had i nursery and a schoolroom to look after, and i widely comprehensive visiting list, beginning with duchesses and dwindling down ti struggling young women iu the musical literary, sud dramatic linc. She hod an ex acting husband, albeit a kind and generom master ; and she had BO much to do and t< think about that she had not been able t< devote any considerable part of her life to hci sister's society. She came now in this hom of mysterious and overwhelming calamity ai an act of duty ; hut she wat not altogether it sympathy with the household at River Lawn had not altogether grasped the full measure ol love which Bad ruled between husband ami wife, and thus could not fathom thc depth al the widow's sorrow. She had comforted i good many widows in her time, and hei general experience had been that, howevci they might distress their friends by tlx intensity of their grief during the first half ol Dr. Talbot was one of thc Brithish Public who opined that there wes something mort than met thu eye of the coroner or thc coroner'! jury in thc relations of his deceased brother in-law aud thc person called Antoinette. Questioned searchingly by his wife on thc subject of his suspicions, he replied that thc case was obvious enough to anyone who could read betw een the lines j and with this occult filtrase Mrs. Talbot « us constrained to content lereelf. There was no family assemblage to which Hobart HutrcH's will had to bc read. He had stood almost alone in thc world, without any rclatiou nearer than a second cousin. Thc second cousins expected nothing from him, hud made no sign since his death except in thc way of letters of condolence to the widow. " My unfortunate client made bis will immediately alter his marriage-or I should rather say that he executed his will after his marr'iBge-for the will was drawn up at thc same time as the marriage settlement He leaves the bulk of his estate in trust for his wife for ber life, with succession to his child- ren share and share alike. As there is only one child, she will inherit all at her mother s death. Tho will gives the trustees power to anticipate Borne portion of thc estate, with Mrs. Hatrcll'a consent, for thc marriage settlement of any son or daughter. By a codicil made in the beginning of last year Mr. Hat roll leaves his house and the land apper- taining to it to his wife, absolutely, with power to purchase conterminous land to the amount of ten thousand pounds out of the carpus of the estate." " He alwayB hankered after Florestein's laud, poor fellow," said thc parson. "Strange that he should have met his death on the very day when he was to complete the purchase of the adjoining meadows. The will leaves Mrs. Hatrell free to make thc addition t That is a fortunate circumstance." " Fortunate," exclaimed the lawyer. "Do you think she will find it in her bean to remain in a place BO associated with her husband ?" " I hope she will not leave my pariah. There are people who Hy from a «pot where thoy have been happy with those who have been taken from them-there are others who cling fondly to the scene of a vanished love. If I am any judge of character Mrs. Hatrell belongs to the latter type, and she will remain in the home sanctified by an ideal wedlock." " I believe you are right, Mr.-," eaid Ambrose Arden, in his calm, slow tones, look- ing np from a volumne which he bad taken as if mechanically from the table near his elbow, "I believe Mrs. Hatrcll's gentle and adhesive nature will find comfort in familiar things after a time. I should be very sorry if it were otherwise. I should be very sorry to lose so kind a neighbour, and, above all, to lose my dear little friend and pupil, Daisy," " Poor little Daisy," sighed the priest ; " what a blessed thing that she is too young to know the extent other loss, or the manner of her father's death." "That she inuBt never know," said Arden, firmly. Mr. Mcllidew looked doubtful. " Do you think this terrible story can be hidden from her always ?" he asked. " I fear not. She may be kept in ignorance of thc truth while abe is a child under ber mother's eye, Dut when she advances to girlhood and mixes with other girls- when she goes to school-" "She will not go to school," interrupted Arden, " anyone would be mad to expose her to the tittle-tattle and folly of a pack of school- girls. I wonder yon can suggest such a thing, Slr. Mellidew." " Well, we will say there shall be no school in her case. Though for an only child that means a lonely, self-contained, and not over healthy girlhood. But the time will come when she must mix with other people, and go about in the world, at home and abroad. Do you think no officious acquaintance will ever be indiscreet enough to talk to her, in pure sympathy, about her father's death- taking it for granted that she knows all that can be known about it Î" " That is a long way to look ahead ," said Arden, "I hope she will grow up a light- hearted, happy girl, her mind so well furnished, her memory so full of interesting things, that Bhould the evil you apprehend ever come to pass she may be strong enough to bear the shock. In the meantime I trust that all her friends in this place, from the highest to tho lowest, will do their beat to keep her in ignorance of everything-except the one fact that she hos lost a good and affectionate father." While this conversation was going on in the drawing-room Mrs. Talbot waB strolling about the garden to get rid cf time, in accordance with Mr. --- suggestion that it would be well to leave the mourner to herself for an hour or so. The lawn and river, the flowers and shrubs were in the perfection of their summer beauty, clumps of roses, hedges of roses, standard roses, dwarf roses, blush roses, climbing roses, made the glory of the long, narrow lawn, and between the lawn and the river there was an Italian terraoe with .yewa and junipers planted at regular intervals, aud great grccu tubs containing orange trees in the intermediate spaces. There was a flight of stone steps leading to thc river at each end of the terrace, and at the western-end, with its back to the setting sun, there was a summer- house of classic form, in Portland stone, a summcr-lionsc which in Italy would have been marble. At thc western-end of thc terrace and on a lower level, there was a capacious boat-house, containing a couple cf outriggers, a punt, and a wherry, and the level roof of this beat- house had been a favourite lounging place of Mr. Hatrell and his friends-a place on which to smoko and talk in thc summer twilight, as the pleasure boals went by lo Henley. Mrs. Talbot bad seen her husband and the dead man sitting there in close confidential talk on a summer evening after dinner, while she and her sister strolled up and down thc terrace, or stopped to feud thc white stalely swans and their Boft grey cygnets. She almost fancied she could hear the mellow Bound of Bebort Hatrcll's laughter as alic walked there now, with her back to the boat- house. What a happy life, wanting nothing that this world can give of comfort and delight ; Btreugth, intellect, good looks, for- tune, perfect health, and a wife who adored him. And he had been stabbed to death in a shabby London lodging by an unknown hand. It waa only throe weeks ago that Sarah Talbot and her husband had been dining at River Lawn. They bad gone down to dine and sleep in tho very fluui of midsummer, just to emeu the roses, just for a few hours' respite from London gaieties and London smoke, as Clara hod expected it In her letter of invita- tion. There had been only the Vicar and Mr. Arden to meet them, the two men now in the drawing room with the lawyer. They had been a most sociable party, full of talk, Hatrell expatiating upon hu plana for tho arrangement of the land whiob was so soon to be his, and even in higher spirits than usual, There had not been a cloud in the horizon ; and Mn. Talbot, who loved Harley street and all her London pleasures, had for once in her life gene baok to town reluctantly. "It is curious that Robert and Clara can live like hermits in thc height of the season," sho told her husband. "But this morning, when we were leaving, I almost envied them their quiet domestic fife in that lovely place." And now the bond of married life was broken, and joy was gone like a dream when oncawukcth. Mrs. Talbot was puring slowly along the terrace depressed by these thoughts, when a long shrill shriek rang out upon the summer air ; such a cry of agony os her ears had never heard until that hour. The sound came from the open window, which was one of Robert Hatrcll's numerous improvements. She rushed into the house and ran upstairs, but quick as she waa Ambrose Arden und the Vicar were there before her, and thc former was iu tile act of breaking open the door as she reached the landing. He had implored Mrs. Hatrell to open the door, and there had beeu uo answer, so he put his shoulder against the pannelling and wrenched the door off its hinges. Clara Hatrell was sitting on thc floor in the middle of the room with a heap of her husband's letters-her lover's letters, for they had all been writteu before marriage scattered about her. She sat with her hands clasped upon lier knees, her eyes fixed, and staring into vacancy. Her dishevelled hair fell about her in a wild confusion, as if her hands had becu pinching and tearing at it. Emily Talbot knelt down by her side and spoke to her, trying to sooth her, gathering up the long hair with gentle hands, pressing tenderest kisses upon her burning forehead, hut she took no notice, her eyes remained fixed, in that ghastly sightless gaze, her fingers were still close together, iu the same convulsive grasp. " She is mad," oried Mrs, Talbot, horrified at that awful look, which made her sister's face like thc face of a stranger ; " mad, quite mad." For more than six weeks after the funeral Clara Hatrell lived' in the darkness of a distraught brain. More than once duriDg that period she hovered on the brink of the grave, and there were dismal hours in which her doctor and her nurses lost all hope. Life and reason wore alike in peril, and there was many a night when Ambrose Arden sat in his study trying to read, but never able to leave off listening for the footfall that might bring him fatal tidings. During this season of fear he rarely went to his bedroom till the sun had risen above the long level meadows towards Henley Bridge,and after the sunrise foundhim walking in the lane between his cottage and River Lawn. It wat the dreariest time of his life since the shert, sharp agony of his young wife's illness and death. He had nothing to distract his mind from the once anxiouB subject which absorbed him. HÍB little pupil had been carried off by her aunt and was at Wcstgite-on-Sea withv a bevy of cousins, all older than herself. HÍB son's vacation was being spent with the good, old (grandfather, in Radnorshire. He hod planned thc visit at the beginning of Mrs: Hatrcll's illness. The lad's company would have been irksome to him in this time of fear. He preferred to be alone to face the- awful foreshadowing of a fatal issue by himself. No one could have helped bim to bear his agony, tbe agony of fear for the life of the woman whom fae had loved in patient sufcjagation-in such perfect mastery of himself at never to have awakened suspicion in those among whom he lived hie every-day life-ever since he first looked upon her fair young face. No one had ever guessed his secret, not the husband whose fiery temper would have been quick to kindle into names bad there been not tbe lightest cause for jealousy, not the wife, whose purity would' have been quiok to take alarm at a word or a look, not the friends who lived in intimate relations with thc family ; no one had guessed, yes, ono perhaps had divined the secret. Une pair of clear candid eyes had read his heart. Once in a moment of expansion his pupil and playfellow clasped her arms1 ronnd his" neck and mar mured in his ear, " I love you, because yon love mother." (To ie continued.) 