THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3. The [?] (Sir R.G. Baker) took the their at 2 p.m. _ E29SSKDIE LANDS BILE. ,^*Cim^saD3BErA?Y (Han: J. H. t*tainfes leave to introduce a Bill to gJggjN** W *&kn;& <* <**AJn Foonindie Z^jS*^ 3. ?¥£* yp^TWUDfBt were of \- KhKibcq tQ*TMwi;ag^ fty *iy^yfin^HTw w seed *nB%t ': . ' ? ' "- ? SaOTH-BASTHBX DRAINAGE BILL. *f?S^ **** U? Hooseof AaseniUy and *^?^tp?;?eco^ reading nest day. A ___afPQpj?iHQfQ ami . 4 m fnp( wm received from the Home of AsaembhratMuig that toe amendments in the %£g?&V; BST^d bw ??ned to without ''"' STATE ADVANCES BILL. . TJ? Bod.'J. J. OtfNO£N s?ttd be' moved ?too adjournment of the debtte on Thursday, because wupf top greatnanoitanoe J*o <Waat team dupafag of Jt in a hurry. ?ija Bill ~was a ijj.f^?u?i' apruztg opon toe ramtor, 3fcnrew??ioifanyijfctb?t the matter -of a Stif B>nV h?d SromSt^iea by isolated ?^WUte*brt^ithad?v^ been considered \- ilit&%MK4£wtlkAtD6anffso head voopitod ?fa^th?i? Aogdbe remitted to the yirnmi^Mn cxfcs&t; itf ita osafiuV -On the othpr ofi^tsefei?g ?b Hut /it 4ias diAcult tpwsi?o?tetfcS?vsw?B?iilt fcoia ti? aamt -BiBT He argued that if ihe f*Wl g*lr^ffivj%^lilliwltt4 tsn? twgnt ttKfc *J? WMWJWW 4 Qpveruinent safely to ?** WPHiy-tBMBj :$n munjeiratiaes, that it a *W?? '?a*m(jeilMiia to get the 2Wh_^& flfeWtsr iwfead' of dirtjpUy S/gS?*^ri^l?ffisJSs -?Wft%" In answer ¥*& |M" J *S&_* P *?* **$ advances to uWPSK ?Bft (^W Jftfcw.are infinitely niore tionJD ctuvyaw snch ft system as abso lutely fatal tq annad finance. Pajt of our scheme of municipal loans, provided for the abolishment 0* sinking fund^s in connection with the repayments af principal. The local bodiesbad PRWsrto invest f his money, and m a numbur of csaei Portions W these sinking funda were lent at moderate interest—{ram 6to 6-, per cent—to farmers of 100 or 200 acres, on freehold, ?fQ nr?ty, u we^ ?? to owners of township lands. What was . the result? WeU. I need not no into figures. It \n]l be sufficient to Buy that wnferever" this (d*n was adopted los?ea were made. This, too, notwithstanding the facts that in the total only a moderate stun was ad vanced, and that naturally the municipalities which lent the money had some special know leze of tie value of the security. What ha* happened is that the municipal lenders have no( been anfe to collect all the advances or to get the interest, and—if they can evict the debtor*—their only chance of seourinj? a re fund lies in selling the land, void is diffirmlt, lor obnoo? reasons, or in working it them- VIYEB, ' Tbfi "ma for you to look at the pro- ! posed State advanoes to farmers is simple. The practical questions are—(l) Can the State collect the money? (2) Can it turn out de faulters? (3) Can it afford to go into the farming busmen iteelf? The probable answers to the two former enquiries may be gathered from what I have said. As for the third, if the State desires to act as farmer would it not be better for it to undertake tbe business right off instead of taking over pro perties for non-satisfaction of its mortgages? From the standpoint of the fanners them selves, taking them as a whole, the position is that the more hardworking and honest have to pay through increased taxation to replace the money handed from the State Treasury to the others, aod the example of dishonest men. is apt to demoralise the better men. .This, at any rate, bas been the case in Canada, and the only' satisfaction we have is that the ex perience we have Rained has been very valuable to us. Eeverting to the pro posed Btate advances to farmers, I believe that tbe result will be disastrous." (The'Chief Secretary—" Who is this gentle man?")' He was a capabl? financier who knew what he was talking about, and was dif ferent to the class of men to whom the Govern ment proposed to give the control of the State Bank. Clause 45 provided that advances should not erceed one half of the unimproved value of the land and improvements. Mnch bad been made of this one half margin. But once admit the principle and that sale margin might disappear. - The Savings Bank advanced on freehold security, but the Govern ment were going to advance on bogus improvements which would be worthless. Even already it was suggested by an amend ment to reduce die margin, and instead of 50 per cent, being the stipulation it would more Kjjely be 60 per cent., and before long the amount would go up to 100 percent. The clause should be guarded by a provision that the improvements should not be too costly. For instance, on a farm of IUO acres half the value of buildings sufficient for one of 200 acres should not be allowed. (Mr. Charleston— -?'.ThoEethlngsivillbelefttotheboard. 1') That coold'scarcely be done, for the board would only administer the Act, and would not go heWnd it. Mr. Charleston knew that all aorta pf opinions existed as to what im novecients were necessary to work a farm. One inaii'could succeed without introducing all the wtest improvements in machinery, io., white another roan would take just tbe reverse posiSon: "He could not carry en Ilia farm if he aid not acquire costly improvements, and a provision should be inserted limiting the cost of $ie improvements against which it was Proposed to advance loans- Valuations were certain to be more than the selling value. That was invariably the experienoe. Be challenged anyone to deny that tbe Belling valne' was not L considerably telow tha value pot cpon property bj valuators, and in oonaa qnence pf that th> Government were subject to great danger in advancing loans. Clause 47 abSntelr prbyided no safeguard. 3%e ?umimiiinnt was, as a rule, above the telling Tahte, frequently with improvements thrown nj. The' experience -of tne past few months hid shown {bat the Government bad tosnb-, nut to reductions in the *alneTof the assess ments, and clause 47 Wflnl4 fiiv*itbem no pro tection. Subsection A of clause 49 add that tie amount of all State advances to ?ny local adOcnty ehquM sot exceed the coat of the works' proposed to be constructed or acquired, we jj>e amount of the loan to be redeemed or converted. In that clause a limitation of say "'li per -cent.1 should be made. As it stood now it was proposed to advance the {til mat of, proponed works by 4ocal bodies. If th^Goveromeut considered it suffipieDt to advance to the extent of 50 per cent to private individuals they should not go beyond that ratap^eorportitkms and district oounpfls bo j^feiy/pae and .profe pt to the mtiaens.': Many works Had teen agreed tgin yeare gone by became Parliament was assured reprodubtive, but" Itey bad Boned but'to l? *he reverse and the uuuuU> ljd Ijeen @K|a>d with a heavy ljaba% A fw^".'*P'H |WH^i £>lfipo? > £3"- ?w*'^a nrovz^ Xi^iu ot cost exospt a^'egjstratjcn fee.' xlnt'wliat' cost fat rejected securities! mft: -.If.;a man v^aiitedtb WffloSi ?ad:the of?oerfl ?were eent<)nt at oon iBABBUe cost'to tbe counby to yalin bis estate. JX^wplicuL^knew beTuid not the ghost of a townTgettuxU* laaD,lxi| he smsoeeded in sl?K^?W*ft jig' ? ynfri trp^p*' Thtft fir i^iV^yftv ' 'Hiovuix x ;-'6 3*H!jpT ?etifc Aa?aming *bat ?ands expenses, a'Sarguitrf Iyer **$. <mly inm S^TSi aB& tf |^?fW fJw intPwwA -pa- nym. l|ii£^§n3ke?*£iem,?a6 ?faaoii^W out^^TOS^?f ?: iarJwT &?m^una'<ihaT?cter, a?dvtfaat if voold have manmmn interest -mt * iWier rate. AJsneraDy hB believed <i? B3) alffe^Si Jaw-would be a fculnre. -There n^tl? ebm advantage to itmetors, but to nffividpil borrowet? who expected ralief feom tft wwfld nroTO ? dam and a delnabn. Two iotanbers<rf the?bn?eirf Assembtr b?d been oWby their boostitoentaJSat this was just ik^j3p'iln'%n^it?J!>':?it 1? invtutigation oba pmniiiiattlie extent of the loan -wanted was iliSepverii and the other that tbe eetOer oopldijbt?etapennypieca from the???? o^imder iSeimnElfifdt Bqre that the pane tprurali'idastnes would prove ?_?**]? ?valuationwas fte inocme inim fhe Und'wbrked as for agricuUare or ararrW" However much they mwbt hopefor tiioaess-'ifci intanmti 'coltiire, sod-tilers Twete {44Ms^uientf mfc more or less^^iiecairiow, ?&({ "utcce whs* bo^' .road ~~%0 ns inTPWfanflnt'fif .vovenunent fliiHln ~ Se ras acting as a friend to fte Govennnent tHaeadifa fcb(voteajafnst Hhe ?ill, beoauaehe B£^MB m it all round ;"beoansetoiUeT aby datfn', mi' becaun lie to?^ftit butcivfl Bdprobar that new eSebtbrate Whicb^tbi? fcto;exf^n?Aoa}d f^l&n.; A. E. ADDBON said it seemed fllpm that whatever the advocates of 'the limatplfis cmbojued in this S3l''jnif^it*dpto ifcaM &6?e wlio opposed it, their opponents rooSd sfill find some objection to'it. Tbe bb ep^i^ihe^ei^e affiret was based on the Meobbs thatltMiterffired with the n-orkings. of Ije^avf?w?anic^ The *^*^f^ ? A**Mn£ witzi batuttt|&i;€o(n bad been oxuungcfl ainbe tV^iij iiit'sallilifiro vsK.fth??aine bitter <KMJMitioiL n^pe . w^bp 't&afe; ' &te; Upper Ohambec shoaU lie done away with should not be Showed to sit'in it, but they were really eup idr^Bd in their Views by members who, like 4r. Duncan, reoeived every new maasuie %rifh h)6 ata?6|neQt tihat it muss lie rexe?ned'tp %be >eo^e. r^> would agree to insetting a chuise u a BJJI fl|aizag^E|iat w Should xuA hftfrnn -law mtilit had been accepted by the people, but ? tow the opponents'of fije measure would not agree to tfiat -St?tementB that the electors Ik^d'Bo^t'faad a o?vin? 6f boosidAraur^he matter, were mangy idle exousee for voting against the Jill. Be felt' certain tjiat no one in the phamber really thought tbe principles of the measure were bad, and tbey'shbuld therefore endeavor to make it more-workable instead of qiprjosmg it at every tarn. Why, eight years ago when be stood for a seat in this Hoose one of the candidates devoted nearly the whole of lis speech to the State Bunk, and if his advice ladbeen followed it would have been a good hing for the country. 'He agreed with the opponents of the measure as to the ne cessity of putting the bank out of the reach of ywtiEmfthW'y inflfiebce, and to ' ensure that he woald move' to have the trustees appointed for no particular erm, such as five years, but during good xtbavior. Let the) opponents of the Bill join liin in improving it in that way. The people wanted pot only a Savings Bank, but a bank where their money would be perfectly secure ?> long as the colony was any good at all, and herecouldbe nobetter security than the country, if tbe country failed private people must be ?wkrqpt also. A sound system of valuation was much needed. Mr; Duncan was unfair in lip remarks about the Government valuator bring properties at far beyond their real value, [twas troe that that was done, but the Bill did not'say a person would receive an advance to the extent cf those valuations. It simply provided a safeguard against the trustees ad vanaing on more than the amount. It was not very lilelr that many of the securities in the city would eet half the value whics was placed on them by the taxation authorities. The values would be made by the Inspector- General, who would require to be a man of experience and it was nonsense to talk of rows, because people would not be able to get advances on the basis of the Government valuations. No doubt a great deal of the opposition to tbe Bill was due to the fact that men who were connected with other financial institutions were sot to be allowed to have anything to do with the management of this one, but he considered that was a very neoas?ary provision. It often happened that one man was a director of five or six financial institutions, and by this means if a person applied to one of them for a loan the fact soon became known to aIL The management of tho Savings Bank did not deserve such a wonder ful amount of credit. They bad not made such losses as other banks, but that was because they hajl been tied down by Act of Parliament. Trustees of this bank were trustees of other financial institutions which hat) lent money and made serious losses. But even with all the safeguards pro vided tha Savings Bank had made heavy losses on city property. Could any institution I?y its way from the jump ? It must gain its business by degrees. If it was not going to pay the scheme would not bo opposed as it was, but there was no doubt it would affect all of the money institutions of the colony. There would be no need for the Bill if they could depend upon being treated in the future as they were at present, but if the Bill were thrown out the old Btate of things would be reverted to at once. The Savings Bank never before advertised its business as it had done recently, and it was all through fear of the Bill paiaing. Already the liijT bad brought down interest to a reasonable amount The members who favored the Bill were not in any way resnonsible for the abandon ment of the Savings Bank portion. They were willing that that bank should be utilised, but were opposed on every side. Thousands of depositors of the Savings Bank had asked that there should be a Government institution, and it was idle to say the measure had come as a surprise. It was called a measure of State socialism, but that was absurd, because people would borrow money to make their homes their own. If the Bill were properly carried out it would be a great ad vantage to the producers, but be did not think that only a half would be enough to advance in some cases. In committee he would try to alter, the Bill so as to arrange for the appoint ment of the trustees during good behavior, because five years was too short a period. It was said that private enterprise should bo left to do the work, but the money institutions had been sticking out for large rates of interest, and had consequently been unable to lend their money. The capitalists had shown great short sightedness in the past. Their object should have been to get their money out at fair rates. Mr. Stirling bad spoken of the BUI as a Bill fortheprodncer?, and what else should it be for? Certainly if great good was to be done to the borrower the lender must suffer, but the borrower, the producer, was the man who must be considered. The lender was tjie man who had spare money and did not know what to do with it. It was a fearful weight on a man to have to pay a high rate' of interest year after year. One of the leading papere of the colony had written a long article on the BUI, winding up with what the writerthought was a really clinch ing argument. The article said:—"What would be the position of the taxpayers now if the State had advanced 10 or 12 years ago on land up to half its improved value? The answer is that, with the depreciations in the market price of land, die State Advances I'und would be absolutely insolvent." Did that paper mean to Bay that,for ten years the Savings Bank had not advanced one penny ? That was what the argument amounted to, because it was the opinion of the paper that if the measure had been in force ten years ago the country -would be insolvent now. Yet the -Savings Bank bad carried on, and had made no losses., (Mr. Kirfcpatick—" What paper are you referring tot") The one that opposed everything that was liberal. (Mr. McGregor— ?" Are you afraid to rtanie it V) The Rc<n*Ur, which in a monstrous fashion tried to cull the public with inaccurate statements. They were told that the BQI went floating ?boat in tb? air like a balloon, but the measure would not be in that position very long, for it woold soon reach the earth and do good to the community. It was only natural that the banks opposed the Bill, which would reduce their dividends. The State Bank would do a great deal towards fixing a ruling rate cf inte rest. Though the bank would not make an enormous profit the first year —no one who looked at' it from a fair stand point expected that —it would not take it long to pay working expenses. The bank was not organised to make enor mous, profits; its object was to assist the colonists. He supported the eeoond reading. ?Die Hon. J. G. BICE regretted that the BiU as it came from the House of Assembly was neither just nor fair, for if the portion ihat the Assembly liad -eliminated bad been allowed to * remain the measure oould be would be found the case in its altered form. Tihat Jnsiafied him in wtating o**s 'the ineaso?e was neither just nor fair. The position of the Bin /was all the - more remarkable when they oonsnlered the number of members of Parliament who through out the country bad expressed themselves in favor of its .principles.: He wm sorry the leader of the Opposition in the Council had reiterated & hawiitim assertion canoemingthe -KH^'and the axgamer4ts that tod beeDused against the measure had been knocked out QVJBr and over again. Stirling had said that the 831 commended itself to tht unthink ing electors of the colony, and ftoogb he did not question that member's facte in respect to titie par^oa of the colony b?'represented, it Ift|s ueyond doubt that had taken a great interest in the SSI afl manjrof - them had related to him heir experiences of borrowing money J men who labored from 10 to 90 years ft-jiftyingofitfceir interest inorderto keep a roof over their heads, -and who ?t the end of that time found themselves irithout a home, if. Stirling bad trotted oat another faoary teaded old gag is bis reierenoe to the trustees ct the Savings Bask. Among the first trus teeaafthef Savings Bank only two were pri arateindividuals, and *the test worn nr^itin?na l trnder this bfll no membera of Pariiiuneat were allowed on Hie board of trustees, therefore the bank was free from Parliamentary influence. Sir Edwin Smith had told them that property in the city and eubnrbs bad doubled in value durfngthelastSOyeara. The Savings Bank— wnich lent money during the boom time—let outTDoney at a cheap rate in and aronhd the city, End bad advanced on aeenrities with a certain amount of fear. -If Six Edwin Smith's contention were correct why did tie trustees flatter themselves that they had not made a loss, seeing that the property in the city and liftfi doubled-in'Value? -A&otiber; baseless asser tion made was that the Bill would do no [pod. He would give a concrete case to show how it would afford relief. A fanner in 1887 became possessed of 1,000 acres of land which was valued at £3 an sere at that time, and be secured a loan of £1,500 on i^ for three years at 8 per cent. It had been >ajd that many farmers were foolish to mort gage their holdings-so that they oould pay the iovemment the T?i?*?li?i??nt? owing, to them. Those men, however, did not foresee the intro duction of a measure whioh would give them relief. To return to the case of the Tarmer—he had to pay £17 6e. agents' charges, S 10s. Isa the preparation 6f the memo riindwl of tlier mortgage, and be con* gbnted £360 interest in three yean. I& 1860 the loan was renewed at-a cost of £8 jSte. 6d. The interest for the following three years amounted to £360, at the end of which the rate was reduced to 7 per cent., and in 1889 the Joan bad to be paid pg. A new loan was granted at a cost of £25 17b. fid. Vive hundred pounds was paid off the loan and ~a new loan obtained at 6 per pent, for five years at a cost of £34, ranlud ng the -diseharge of the original mortgage, the cost of obtaining tbe new loan, ana the attendant expenses 4nd legal charges. That loan lasted until 1894, and the interest paid was £300, making a total of £2,230 which he tad paid.' Then came the cruel part of the busines*. The borrower was informed that the balance of the loon must be paid off, but in coosequence of-tbe fall in laid valnes he found it impossible to eecure the necessary £1,000, and the farm was foreclosed. The poor ellow, who bad put 17 or 18 Tears of his own abor And that of bis sons and family into that farm, bad therefore to leave it and walk away. What would have been the result if he could have obtained £1,500 from a State bank as out lined in this BiU ! He could have made, as provided in the schedule, 34 half-yearly pay ments of £4 Bs. and have paid off during that period of 17yearsatotalof £2,244, only £14 more than was paid up to the time the farm was seized. ("But what would have been the interest then.") For the last 25 yean tbe Government had not paid more than 4 per cent., except in cases where they had to borrow at a discount, against which there were the instances of where they had borrowed at a premium. Such a case as he had cited distinctly proved that very considerable good might be derived from the passing of tbe BilL He knew oT other oases, one or two of them within his own personal experience, which would act as an eye- opener concerning rates of interest within the hist tnree years at any rate. It had been hammered in, in connection with this Bill, which proposed to benefit some of those who were a few Bteps lower on the social ladder than tiie great squatting, profes sional, and shopkeeping aristocracy, that it was an undesirable evidence of State socialism. Mr. Stirling, for instance, had spoken of it in that way, but why had he not instanced some other samples of State socialism, euch as the carrying of Bulphide ores and wool on the railways at a loss, making the poorer people pay more on the necessaries of life, or the expenditure of thousands in trying to find water on the NuUabor Plains for sheep. It had been further said that this proposal would interfere with individual enterprise, but was not that an argument which would apply to any mortgage companies and financial in stitutions. The money which would be lent would moreover be supplied to the Govern ment by the people who took up the mortgage bonds, and there was practically no difference between them and the shareholders of a mort gage company or tbe Bank of Adelaide or the Savings Bank. Instances innumerable could be brought forward of the benefit of Govern ment management of institutions for the bene fit of the people. Let them remember, too, how r^owland Hill, the apostle of the pascal system had to fight the advocates of individual energy, or the storm which was raised at the proposal in England for taking over the tele graphs, A letter had appeared in the press some time ago pointing out the falling off in the interest in Victoria through the Govern ment taking over the funds of the Savings Bank. The rate had undoubtedly fallen. But why J The Government obtained the Savings Bank money at 3 or 3| per cent, to adjust their revenue. That therefore was no argu ment against this BilL He was at a meeting at which Sir Graham Berry explained the position of the Government finances in connection with the Savings Bank, and as far as he could see the people were quite satisfied that the Government should have the mouey if they only received 2i per cent. They had probably had enough of tbe exponents of indi vidual enterprise who paid their fartliing in the pound. He would support the (second reading ot the Bill and endeavor to place it in the condition it was before being mutilated in another place. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL said the Bill un doubtedly merited careful and serious considera tion. It simplified the discussion of the Bill that it had been denuded of the parts on the Savings Bank and issue of notes. That was an advantage in many ways, but particularly in reducing the issue before them. Bills of this kind were so frequently such mixtures that while a member agreed with one part he did not with another, and felt so strongly in op position on one point that he was obliged to vote against the whole. Here, how ever, they had but one question before them, and it certainly ought to make the debate much easier and shorter. There were two points of view from which they were called upon to look at this measure the requirements of the public, particularly that portion of the public whom the Bill was designed to help; and the commercial sound ness of the principles on which the Bill was framed. These two matters were per fectly distinct, and the more they kept them apart the more intelligently would they discuss the Bill. He could not say he had observed any very decided or unanimous pronouncement by the producers generally for this Bill, but he was prepared to admit that a consider able number desired to see it become law. He was persuaded there were a sufficient number to induce the conviction that they ought to discuss it soberly and pats it if possible. There could not be a doubt that cheap money was desirable for the producing interest where that interest demanded assistance by way of borrowing. No one would deny that, and in this aspect the BiU did not come before them without some reason for its existence. They knew that large sums were in vested in this way by institutions whose object was to lend. He did not overlook tiie fact that this BUI proposed to lend on lines somewhat different to many institutions, but he' was referring to the needs of the pro ducers BoleJy at present. The Bill was worthy of consideration. He had deep sympathy with the object? of the BilL They were con stantly talking of expanding the products and finding new markets for them, and undoubtedly in many but irregular ways Parliament bad assisted' the producers. Bonuses had been offered, and there had been conflicts on the subject, and it would be a relief to Parlia ment to know they were not to be repeated. One of their most recent acts to assist the producers was the butter bonne, and it was admitted that it had done a great deal of good to them without doing harm to the general community by increasing the price of butter to the consumer, although it had resulted in butter of a better quality being sold. The question was whether it was better to go on- discucsine such matters year after year or adopt the general principle involved in tbe BilL By means of what was known ?s the Credit Foncier in France go large a sum as £190,000,000 had been leqt to landowners. The Prussian mortgage banks had done so also, and various other institutions had advanced largo sums to the people. So that taking it from the people's point of view, there was nothing outrageous in making or attempting to make provision for their securing monetary advances at a cheap rate of interest, with an easy method of repay ing the principal. But it was not to be assumed therefore that every scheme pro pounded for that purpose waa worthy of sup port* and it did not follow that because one did not give support to the scheme, proposed that therefore he was a traitor to the people's ' requirements." Nothing was'clearer to bis mind thin that tbe people's necessities were one' thiag, but the proposals in this Bill or any other Bill were another, and that they ought to be kept abso lutely separate. The second point he had noted was whether the principles on which the Bill was framed were commercially sound. If they were then they ought to support the BilL but if not they ought to oppose it. The Government thought they were bound, but they were not bound to follow their judgment. One than might have one standard to judge the principle? of tbe BUI, and another man another, but a standard had been, suggested which they might apply ?and Bee how far the Bill met its demands. Hewas not * commercial man, and he bad no technical knowledge either of business or banking, but be bad some sense to guide him through the diffimiUjes and wtfajla of political questions. The Credit Fonder bad been suggested as the model of this Bill, but be might say at once that while there were some secondary derails on the lines of tbe Credit Foncier, the essential principle of the Credit Fonder was not in it To Jus mind there were two main principles in tie Credit Fancier. Mbney was advanced on land only, and a <sovenunent guarantee. Wbarever (mat guarantee existed was not tbe primary guarantee but the collateral guarantee. He was supported in this view by men who understood business in its most intricate aspects, and in the oourse of an interview be bad had with Mr. Pinschoff, of Melbourne, that gentleman said:—"Under the Credit Foncier system, which has stood the crucial test of European experience, and has proved phenomenally successful in the phi world, tbe advanoes are made on the security of the land absolutely. 9 That was not the positionthis?fll took up. Advanoes were to be made to farmers, graziet?, and othei?, bat "permanent im pirovement?" was to include houses and other buddings, fences, dams, reservoirs, under ground tanks, fte., &C-;, and that was not the Credit Foncier system. Tbe second point was that the Government guarantee shonld be a collateral guarantee. Mr. Pinschaff went on to say—" According to the principles of Credit Foncier, if there u a Government guarantee at all, combined with the mortgage bonds, it should be a collateral guarantee ... To displace the land as the security in favor of a Government guarantee is opposed to 'the lessons of the very experience referred to. ... Apart then from morality, which may be taken into considera tion at some more convenient season, and purely as a matter of sound and safe finance, the land should be the security, and not a Government guarantee. The Bill provides for precisely the opposite—for a Government guarantee and not for landed security. In so iofeg it departs absolutely from tile' Credit Fqnoier system. It gives the Credit Foncier principles tbe go-by and its very name the lie." That was written concerning the Victorian Government BUI of last year, and it certainly applied to the Bill before them. The advances were not to be made on land alone, and a direct Government guarantee was substituted. Tbe collateral guarantee of the Government lay in its supervision of the workings of the institu tion and its proper audit, but in* this case it went a great deal further. There was nothing approaching, so far as its commercial principles were concerned, in this Bill to that of the Credit Foncier, and the Credit Foncier was not the standard by which to test the com mercial soundness of the principles of this BiU. They must look at the Bill from the point of view that the Government desired to establish a Government money-lending institu tion. The Xsovemment did not intend to make any profit? by it, they desired simply to be in a position to -lend certain members of the community money at low rates, and to be repaid in a simple and easy form. The question was whether the Government were to be trusted. That depended on the arrangements made by the Bill for an inde pendent administration of the affairs of the institution. So far as he could see these arrangements were as safely guarded as it was possible to make them, so long as they were carried into effect honestly and in the spirit in which they ware passed by Parliament. If the Government appointed able and upright men of business experience and men of stern integrity he was even satisfied to support the Bill, but if they appointed men simply to give them a situation he would for ever regret the support he had given to the BiU. Tbe measure would need amendments, which he would endeavor to have inserted in committee. On the motion of the Hon. J. V. QXOGH liIN the debate was adjourned till the follow ing day. VERMIN BILL. In committee. Consideration of clause 4. District councils may declare rate for destroying vermin. The Hon. J. G. BICE said he would move to strike out clause 4 in order to insert a new clause providing for the imposition of an annual rate for the destruction of wild dogs and foxes. It would be unfair to compel tbe tesidents of a town to pay a uniform rate for the destruction of wild dogs and foxes, as many of them would not be benefited at all by the levy. The Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN said the proviso of clause 4 should be embodied in Mr. Bice's section. The CHIEF SECRETARY said Mr. Bice's clause would deprive district councils of tbe power of dealing with the rabbit uest. The Hon. J. L. STIKLING ?iid his object in striking out clause 3 was to protect the ordinary rates of district councils, for a special rate should be levied for tbe destruction of vermin. The Hon. J. WARREN said farmers' poultry became a great prey to the foxes. Fanners should not be taxed specially for the destruction of vermin. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved to strike out '* wild dogs " in line 4. Carried. Clause as amended passed. New clause. 4a. The Hou. J. G. BICE moved the following new clause, 4a :—" It shall be lawful for any district council to declare an annual rate of not exceeding twenty shillings per thousand on all sheep owned by any ratepayer and depasturing within the district for the purpose i of providing funds to pay for the destruction of wild dogs, and such rate may be levied and recovered in the same manner as the general rate under ' The District Councils Act, 1887." Carried. New clause, 4b. The Hon. J. G. BICE moved the following new clause, 4b :—"Foi the purpose of ascer- J taining the sum to be paid by each ratepayer every person in any district in which the council shall have declared a rate under clause 3a who shall be the owner of any sbecp shall make a statutory declaration in the month of September in each year, setting out the average number of sheep he shall have had depasturing within the district during tbe previous twelve months, and the number so declared shall be the number on which the rate is levied." Carried. Clause passed. New clause, sa. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved the fol lowing new clause, si:—"Any four or more contiguous district councils may, for the pur pose of more effectively carrying out the pro visions of all Acts dealing with the suppres sion of vermin, each nominate annually one of their members as a member of a board to be called the Associated District Councils Vermin Board, and the members so nominated shall (unless they cease to be members of the council by which they were nominated or resign their Beats on the board) continue in office for one year from the date of the pro clamation of such board, and tbe Governor may by proclamation in the Government Gazette declare the formation of any such District Councils Vermin Board, the names and residences of the members thereof, and tbe boundaries and limits of the district councils under their control." The clause was promised by the Government in response to a deputation which waited upon them some time ago, and as it was permissive no objection could be taken to it. Carried. The Hou. J. L. STIRLING moved the fol lowing new clause, sb:—"When any such DistnctCouncils Vermin Board is -^nominated and duly proclaimed all the powers given to district councils by any Act relating to the destruction of vermin within the boundaries of district councils shall be vested in such vermin .board, and they shall be empowered to engage m inspector or inspectors and expend bucSi moneys as may be appropriated from its rates by each of the associated district coun cils for the purposes of such District Councils Vermin Board, andgenerafly to undertake such duties and exercise such powers and rights as are conferred by districts councils under any Act dealing with the suppression of vermin. Contributions by all associated district councils towards the expenditure incurred by the asso ciated Districts Councils Vermin Board shall be made pro rata according to the assessment of such district councils." Carried. New clause, 5c ' The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved the following new clause, 5u: —"When any member so nominated shall cease to be a member of the district council by which he was nominated as e. member of the hoard or shall resign, his seat thereon shall be declared to be vacated, and a new nomination by such district council shall be made. Provided, however, that each of such associated District Council Vermin Boards shall only continue in existence for three years from the date of the prodamation of Buch board, unless the Governor by proclamation in the Gmvrnmcnl Gazette declares that any such board shall be continued for a further period from time to time, in which case a fresh nomination of members snail take place cs hereinbefore pro vided."' "/ Darned. ? New clause, Sd. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved the following new clause, 5d: —"The provisions of Part VI of flie District Councils Act, 419 of 1887, relating to the conduct of meetings of the cbsncQ, shall, so far as they are applicable thrreto, regulate the meetings of any Associa ted District Councils Vermin Board." Carried. ' New clause, ss. The Hon. W. HASLAM moved tbe follow ing new clause, 5b :—"Section 9 of tbe Act £97 of 1891 is hereby amended by adding the word *or'after the word'provided'in line3." That would supply what was evidently an omission on the part of Parliament Carried. New clause, 6f. The Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLJN moved the insertion of tbe following new danee, 5f :— "Section 41 of Act 597 of 1894 is hereby amended by adding the following proviso to the section: —'Provided that every person entitled to vote at any election fen: a vermin board may, subject to conditions provided in this section, give one rote for every 60 square miles or fractional part of 50 square miles of eatable urupeiiy up to 200 square miles, and one additional vote! or every 200 square miles or fractional part of 200 square miles oter tbe first 200 square miles. This provision snail ajso apply to joint tenants aid tenants in comnion/" A1 man with 100 square miles woSffTiove~Vwo 'yuteb, and Turatner "with?. 1,000 square miles would have eight votes, so tint his proposal was not a very radical one, but it would give fairer representation erf all classes. Carried. Progress reported; report adopted; com mittee sit again'next day. VILLAGE SETTLEMENTS BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the second reading of a Bill for an Act to amend the laws relating to village settlements, the exchange of land, and reduction of rents Acts 1894, ana Act 684 of 1893. He thought tbe time had gone by when it -was necessary to de bate the desirability of continuing the village settlements, an experiment which if not a suc cess in every sense ot the term was very satis factory considering that many of the settlers were absolute strangers to one another, that they came from various parts of the colony, that they bad been brought np to various occu pations, most of them not connected with the land at' all, and moreover people who had been somewhat unsuccessful m life. All these things considered be regarded the settlements as very successful. The Select Committee ap pointed in another place had discovered that the settlers were not living in each a state of complete and perfect amity as they might like, but then men and women were not angels, and wherever there was an association of human beings there existed social quarrels and petty jealousies such as had been un earthed in connection with the village settle ments. Bemembering the material of which they were composed, tbe drcmnstaaces under which they were brought together, the diffi culties and disadvantages they bad to en counter owing to insufficient capital, they must surely admit that the experiment had been a success. Of course the jBIII itself practically admitted the difficulties and imperfections connected with the scheme, which was ad mittedly an experiment. The Advertuer in a leader the previous day had taken a statesmanlike view of the matter. The settlements ware a great social experiment, which might possibly solve the problem now puzzling communities all over the world. The literature of America and the Continent showed that the greatest interest was being taken in the scheme, the success of which would tend to the solution of a great problem. The amount of money already spent on the settlements and that which it was proposed to spend was infinitesimal compared with the benefit to the State and the results which would be realised if they were successful. Look at the money which, as the writer of the article he had referred to had pointed out, had been wasted in distant parts of the colony in putting down bores for watering sheep, horses, and cattle, or the relief works on the banks of the Hurray, Miioh had been swept away. {"And St. Hilda.") He could hardly regard tbe works there in the same light. Thoee works served a double purpose, because in addition to being of a relief character they would ultimately be remunerative works, ft members would cast their memories over the past they would recollect many instances in which money had been absolutely thrown away to find work for the unemployed. Scrub had been cut down where it had since grown up thicker than ever, and thousands of pounds had been spent from which there bail been absolutely no return. He hoped no member of the Council would deny tbe proposition that the first function of tha Government was to prevent its subjects from starving. He woukl not carry the argument further by saying they were bound to provide them with clothing and houses, but unquestionably their first duty was to prevent them from starving, and directly they ceased to do that they ceased to carry out the object for which government was created. These works were not prompted by the mere impulse of the moment. They were necessities, and they had proved to be a successful attempt to relieve the condition of tbe poor. (Sir E. T. Smith—"And there it will end.") Thehon. member was going against his own impulses when he made himself a prophet of evil. He was inclined to admit that it would have been bettor if there had been fewer settlements started, and members would give the Govern ment credit for saying they would have no more. He was one of the strocgest in favor nf that decision. If there had been one or two fewer to begin with it mielit have been better, but still he contended that the experiment so far had proved a success considering the cir cumstances and the material with whioh the experiments were started. If members had eeen the settlements they would admit that the record of work done was a credit to the people considering their training. The Inspector of j Village Settlements reported that there were i £<!3,000 worth of improvements. The Govern ment report stated that there were about £41,000 worth, 'rat there were some things I which the Government did not include in the category of improvements which the inspector aid were improvements in "a going concern on eeneral valuation." He had seen the settle ments and was satisfied as to tbe admirable I work done. It would be nonsense to deny tbat j | there had been lazy men there, but taking a general survty of the whole work, j whether recorded from the point of | view of the Gorernment valuation or [ the inspector's the work was a credit to the l>eople. The majority of the settlers had been : taken off the street corners, and they had a j claim on the Gorernment for work to keep them from starvation. If they had done nothing else they had improved the territory[ of South Australia to the extent of one of the ' amounts mentioned, and if the settlements; were successful what a magnificent value they j would give to the whole of the Hurray valley, i by showing that the land was capable of closer' settlement. The settlements promised to be [ as successful for the growth of fruit trees as ' the Chaffey settlements, and to afford a means! of dealing with the fringe of unoccupied j people on the skirts of the population. It had ; been found that the law under which! the settlements were establiuhed required a| little alteration. Further powers required to be secured to the Government, and the frame work en which the settlements were founded needed a little stiffening so as to give the Government a stronger luind in their manage ment. Clause 2 provided for an increase of the advance to each settler to £100 because it bad been found that the original grant of £50 was nut sufficient, and the clause also fixed that j tbe maximum grant to the settlements was not > to exceed £50,000. There was a substantial! asset for tbe money already advanced. Clauses! 3, 4, and 5 were provided as checks to hasty { advances. Clause 5 provided for documents furnished to the Commissioner being open to public inspection on payment of 2s. In clause 6 tbe powers of the Commissioner were defined. ? The Commissioner could expel any settler who had become liable to such a jxaialty under the rules, and he was empowered to control and direct the expenditure of money advanced. He could also call upon any trus tee to retire from office if such a course were considered desirable, and he might require any association to increase its membership at any time to the number who signed the rules first registered. This would prevent a few who mi^ht remain on a settlement reaping the entire benefit of the labors of others, but the total number of villagers could not under section 7 be increased beyond 500. Clause 8 allowed a majority of the villagers at a meeting to annul any expulsion of a member by the trustees, and clause 9 dealt with the tenure of office of tbe trustees. The next clause related to the extension of the time for (he repayment of the first instalment from three to five years, because it would be utterly impossible for the settlers to have made such progress as would enable to repay in three years. In clause 11 the Governor was given power to terminate the right of any association to further advance*. Those were the proviisionsof the Bill relating to the settlements, tbe remainineclausesdealinKwith the reduction of rents. Clause 12 enabled the Commissioner to reduce rents on the recommendation of the Surveyor-General without reference to the land board. The latter course involved ex pense, and it was considered that tbe Commis sioner might well be entrusted to do the work on the advice of the Surveyor- General. Clause 13 extended the -time for the return showing the reductions to June 30, 189G, and the succeeding clause ex teuded the time for the receipt of applications for reductions to the same date. Clause IS stated that "the powers conferred by section 21 of the. Act No. 5&1 of 1893 may lie exercised by any person holding lands as stated in such section, although such lands were not held by Euch person at the passing of the aaid. Act; and the powers conferred by section 22 of the said Act shall continue after tbe expiration of the period mentioned in the said section." Clause 16 gave tbe Com missioner power to reduce ' the purchase money on the recommendation of - the Surveyor- General, and clause 17 set out that the holders of leases for grazing and cultivation could apply for reductions of rent. (Mr. Duncan—"What has that got to do with the village settlements V) Clauses 12 to 17 had so connection with the village settlements, but in order to'save a new Lund Bill the provision* were inserted with the clauses relating to the village settlements. The village settlements were provided for in a Crown Lands Act; therefore there was no incongruity in associating'?be clauses concern ing them with sections having reference to re ductions of rents. On the motion of the Hon. J. WARREN the debate was adjourned till next day. ___ PAPERS. " The CrJTEF 6ECEETABY {aid tbe fol lowing papers on tbe table: —Hetorn to order of the Council (Hon. Or. Campbell, Novem ber 14] —Report, ic, on smallpox on steamer Cnzco- Pursuant to statute —Marine Board by-law, explosives, light dues. By command—Plan of proposed south-east drainage works. ADJOUBNMENT. The Council, at 5.35 p.m. adjourned till tbe following day at 2 o'clock. 