I Reid's ¥ictory. EXCITEMENT SUBSIDING. Copeland's Oration. OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. Three Weeks Hence. APPOINTMENTS TO THE COUNCIL. The Labor Ghost. TBy Electric Telegraph. Sydney, This Day. At the declaration of the poll at Queanbeyan yesterday the Returning Officer, who declared Mr O'Sullivan elected. ' read a protest from Mr Palmer on the grounds of gross irregu larities by the election .officials. Mr Copeknd, on leaving Armidale for Sydney yesterday morning, re ceived a great ovation at the railway station. He declared that in two years the Protectionists would be re turned to power. The excitement of the general elec- I tions has now subsided, and parties are making arrangements for the meeting I of Parliament, which will take place about August 13. In the country I electorates, comparatively few of the J electors recorded their votes, but this I is attributed to the inclement weather I and to the impassible conditions of the roads. Sir George Dibbs, who was rejected at Tamworth, is likely to find a safe seat at Inverell. Several appointments to the New South "Wales Legislative Council are ! likely to he made soon in order to strengthen the position of the Govern ment in that chamber. It is hinted that the Labor Party will not be for gotten when the appointments are made. Mr Lyne will probably be appointed Leader of the Opposition until Sir George Dibbs finds a seat. Mr Lyne states that he is unable to see where the great Government victory comes in, for the Opposition is one member stronger than last Parliament, and tbe I Labor Party four stronger, thus making the net loss to the Government five seats. He would not care to be in the Premier's shoes when the time comes to settle up with his friends of the Labor Party, London, July 25. The Qlobe to-day, commenting on the New South Wales elections, says that after the recent elections the electors may depend upon it that Mr Reid, the Premier, will go very far to conciliate the Labor vote, but he will find that the demands of the latter will eventually be exorbitant. London, July 26. The Daily Chronicle states that the outcome of Mr Reid's struggle is being watched with keen interest. The courageous taxation which he proposes shows he is profiting by the lessons which he had learned from the Budget proposed by Sir William Vernon Har- court, when be was Chancellor of the Exchequer. 