TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Unrbor Trust authorities havo not been long in setting about tho renio- vul of the llllarla. They are having tho vessel pumped out and all thu weighty gear whluh was left unconsumed by tho flames in being removed. Tho Dumnin was commenced yesterday, and to-day u marked Improvement was noticeable. The charred hull hus risen soveral feet out of tho water, but has still a heavy list on the pier. Tho heavy anohor und other chains are being removed -on to the plor, and It is thought when this work lias been accomplished the vessel will rldo on an oven keel. It has not yet, do far as can be ascertained, been decided what will be dono with the wreck, but It Is probablo that she will be submitted for sdlo by auotlon at an early date. The following arrangements havobeon made In tho Anglican Dlocesc of Mel- bop riii!;—' The Hoy Thomas Ghent, B.A., luto of Otago, New Zealand, has ef- fected an exchange with the Itev A. IMwards. of Holy Trinity Church, j Rochester. The Rev John Goode, who has hitherto been curate of Christ Church, K'JHendon, has been appointed Incumbent. The Bishop has licensed Mr T. II. W. H. Wilson to he a stipen diary reader at Holy Trinity Church, Port Melbourne, on tho nomination of tho Rev \V, A. Brooke: and also Mr K. C. Tbomron to a similar pnattlcn at Dean's Marsh, on the nomination of Archdeacon Langlay, The committee elected to appoint an architect to fill tho vacancy caused by the death of Mr A. E. Johnson, who filled tiia position for many years, will meet during tho week to consider the various applica tions aont in. The "church architect" has to do with all buildings connected with the establishment throughout the diocese, with tho exception of Ht, Paul's Cathedral, for which special arrange ments wore made. A painful Instance of the necessity for Dome provision, upart from tho rnohfor tho housing of the aged and Infirm poor, was afforded at the South Mel bourne Court this morning, when, In default of any other shelter, an old woman named Mary Gray was ordered to be Imprisoned for twelve weeks. The unfortunate woman had for yeara eked out a miserable existence us an organ- grinder, but health and strength fall ing her, she wan found a couple of weckn ago lying In a miserable hovel In a half-starved condition A policeman endeavored to secure her admission to the Melbourne Hospltrl, but there was no room there, and as medical treat ment was nhuolutely necensary, she was remanded by a Justice to the Gaol Hos pital for a fortnight. She was not Rtrong enough to-day to return to her poor' avocation. "Observer" writes to ask when the Conference of Municipalities suggested by the Caulfield Shire Council is likely to take place. Hu goes on to say that "recently the Central Hoard of l'ubllc Health has addressed a memorandum to the Minister, requesting Die appoint ment of a veterinary surgeon, lo be under their control, at a salary of £4Gi) per annum, with £150 additional for per sonal expenses, the Hoard estimating mm Die iim-n likely to be imposed uy the local courts during the your will far exceed the whole costs of the up- polrumcnt. The fines usually Imposed In such cases represent only a very small part of the costs of the proceed ings, and I hope the proposal will re ceive the careful consideration of thu municipal councils at thu curliest date possible. Any veterinary surgeon, however, appointed to the position In the way suggested may not pull well with the stock department, and If any such appointment In made it should be In connection with that department, and not In opposition to it, as Is appar ently proposed by the Central IJourd of l'ubllc Health." A.J. Thurgood, erstwhile cruck goallst of the Kssendon football team, is keep ing up hlu reputation In West Austra lia. According to latest accounts, he scored no less than fourteen goals on U2rd Inst, nut of a total score of twenty- two to two obtained by Froumnth: against West Perth. This Is Thur- good's best performance In a premier ship match, hlH previous record being twelve goals against Richmond hist season when pluylng for Essundnn. It Is worthy of mention that Thnrgood scored those fourteen goals from eigh teen legitimate shots, his first olirhi tries having successt'ully raised the two flags. The report of the mutch sa.v:i I hut Watson, also late of ICssendon. pluycd a first-class game, In addition to potting three goals, and generally playing to Thurgood. Myers Is singled out as having shown exceptionally good form. j The Right Rev the Anglican IMshop of Melbourne. Dr (.Joe, hus made ar rangements for an extensive tour In tho Handhurst Archdeaconry next month. He will Icavo Melbourne on the 10th August, and. In the course of his tour, will visit liendlgo, Kynclon. Trent hum. CusDemolne, Muldon.WhUe Hills, J.ong Gully, Kurung, Gimbowcr. Macornu, Mllhimo, CJolden Square, and lleath- cote. Ho wilt probably return on the 2Sth prox. Mr Noah Webster, of Hrlghlon.wrltea to ask us "what Is a word V" It ap pears that the advertising agent of some newspaper, not "The Herald," has been requiring him to pny an two words for such terms as " tradesman " and "fireplace," and also for thu word "street," If not abbreviated Into "st." At least that Is our correspondent's statement. Bach of tho terms sub mitted Is only one word. i3juii vy jarring lun.uiu youill WHO Wall arrested at fiouth Yarru lust evening on suspicion of being concerned lu the ghost scare, was formally brought he- fore Mr W, J)uvln, J.T-\, ut the Prahrun watch-house this morning. Mr Erring- ton, senior, who resides In Great Davis street, was present, and on his recog nisance the uccuscd was admitted to hall, to appear before tho Prahrun Bench to-morrow. Meeting of the depositors of tho Btnn- dnrd Bank of Australlu Limited will be hold to-morrow at 3 and 1 p.m. re spectively. Tickets of ndmlfjslon can be hud at the hunk before noon. Freemasons will doubtless ho Inte rested In thu fact that steps will he soon laken for tho establishment of a Cen tral Lodge of Instruction, with a vluw to bringing about u more uniform method of lodges working. Tho Initia tory movement originates with ths Masters und Wardens' Association of Victoria. Messrs W. L. Ralilleu and Co. will sell to-morrow, ut 12 o'clock, under Instruc tions from tho Secretary of Lands, on tho premises, South Wharf, a large quantity of New Zealand freestone, cor rugated iron, hardwood and oregon tim bers, traveller with framing complete, also largu quantity of building materi als. The admirable nautical drama, a Huilor's Knot, Is maintaining tho won derful success which hun attended Mr Bland Holt's preaent ucustm at the Theatre Royal since Its opening. Tim piece is of absorbing Interest, und in parts very bright nntl cheery, while the scenery Is of a magnificent character. They are, as honestly claimed by tho management, admirable stage pictures, each and every one being faultless. If only us a sipectoclo. A Sailor's Knot would bo worth attending. The scenic iirtlst presents graphic views of the hls- torlc English places he puts on the stage. Mr Tom Rnflllc, tjte Well-known humorous Scottish ringer. Is to ho ten dered a farewell concert In the Collins street Musonle Hall to-morrow evening. A spleudid programme has been ar ranged, to which tho followng artists will contribute:— Miss Magglo Stirling. Miss Agatha Miller, Miss Lllhu Macl- doaks. Miss HIoIhu Juuo, Mr R, Kract- zer, Mr Miller Frnsor, Mr Alex Law, Air Alex Chamberlain, und Mr will Elder. A quartet parly and tho Highland duncers and pipers will also take pari. As Dils ts the last occasion on which Mr liaillia will appear In Melbourne prior lo his departure, there ought to he a large attendance. A passenger who arrived by the Orient this week litis considered it his duty, remarks our Loudon correspon dent, to publish n very doleful account of tho condition of thlugs lu Australia. He says tho steerage of the Orient was crowded with men of all trades, who told pltlnhlo stories ubout the unpre cedented depression. Orowds were gathered oil the Port Melbourne Pier andstit Olrcular Quay, Sydney, ex claiming, "Oh, If I could only raise tho passage money to take-me to Hug- land." Two thousand men were em ployed at ttio Government relief works In the Oonteunlal Park, Sydney, their solo remuneration being orders for enough rations to keep body aud soul together. Matters were no better out side tho cities, for there were swarius of unemployed lu the agricultural dis tricts otTering to work for five shillings a week and under. Tho rollco and Wardcrn' Marjorlo Quadrille Club held their weekly boclal last evening In tho Hibernian Hall, Swanston street. There were eighty couples present, and dancing was kqpt up with spirit till late tn the evenlag. Fxeellent music was provided by Ken nedy's string band. The Victorian Police Band, under the leadership of Mr T. P.lley, tvlU play a specially selected programme of sacred ; music In the Flemington Recreation Re- | fcerve on Funday afternoon next. A col lection will be made on behalf of the local Ladles' Benevolent Society. Hts Excellency the Acting Governor will be present. Young 'Jang, a Chinese, 16 years of age, residing tn Maud street, Colling- wood, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital at 5 o'clock this morning suf fering from severe Injuries to his leg. He was driving a horse and cart loaded with vegetables to the Victoria market when he slipped and fell, the wheel of the vehicle passing over his leg'. The Mayoress of Pouth Melbourne, Mm J. Bnmgwannth, will hold her final reception nt the local Town Hall on Thursday afternoon ne;;t,from three to five o'clock. A varied programme has been provided for the occasion, and the catering hnn been left In the hands of Mr If. Skinner. Air Atley will pre- Hide at the organ. In our list of the candidates for positions on the honorary medical staff of the Melbourne Hospltul. the name of Dr Astlcn was omitted uh an outdoor j hyslelun. He Is now contesting one of the Indoor appointments. The Jubilee Skating Rink. Nicholson street, Carlton, continues to he popular. The final heat of the one-mil'- amateur r.ace comes off to-night, and the Fancy Dress Carnival will be held on 22nd The number of visitors to the Na- llonul Museum of Natural History and Geology for the week ending 27th July was 1075. The Museum Is open lo the public dally (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m. in the National Museum building, at the hack of the University. We have received three pieces of music published by Mo? am W. H. Glen and Co., of Collins slr-ct. viz.. Beauty's Lullaby, by Louise Clothe, on the title pstgo of which is an excellent portrait of. Miss Grace I'alotta, the beauty of Die Carnival: La VlHlon Hklrt Dance, in-ranged by Mrs William Green, muoic by Louise Clarke. Tills Is dedicated to Alias Florrle Green, whose portrait Is given on the title page. Widowed, a iwuig. words hy S.A.D.T.; tho mtmlo by Louise Clurke, dedicated to Rydenham. 