ELKCTHIC SPABK9. ? « ? £Corr« tponi!-;;;ce intended for insertion in thi- column must Lave name ami ad'lrcssof writer attach-:.!, but not for public iliuu.] Who's to be Mayor. A merry quartette party. Constable 11. Brcffu is back. Cr. Hills mayoral year alinosl flown. Vs-it OM England b.v sludjing Beauti ful iri'itaiu. A carter cu horseback looked like a. fisl) out of water. A proleciion-c-HjH freetrade debate at the Council luocLiu;;. Whoa is our ' Arbor Day' coiniiig ? WIhuv is Or. KuA'jjian ? ? A ii;n- e::- itiiiuineiit — putting your fi- ti.r inglt bar wixtl'jws. T!:c .Ir.y.is ciHs Mr. Hi^-ius, M.L.A.. ' t'lu Gil'.'o.i.^ f.-.'O'utflior.ist.' U\ ? t:.- arJ. — W'.i _,- Miij; iv'ucro harve you bixii. I iuv'ai .-.-.tti you for years. 0;- !,--iiii!i ?- iv- :i ?? .'*- not afraid n faue tb n! ;i : ?.-.?:?.=. \V:: iiosi't believe he- is. ')';.?? ilev. J . M. Aii; iijctiiy will preach on tiiu ?? Ali^s.icies in Oliiui ' to-injrrow tvc:iia^. Thu formsr numbers of Boxutiful J?rita:n can be had from Mr. \V. Cro&s; at 61\. encli. D.-. Ivitclieu will conduct a childran's clioral ssrvica iu Clarke-slreet to- iuorrovv afternoon. I-ini*Iiglit views by Mr. Oatliie at Cbii street Mission Hal! on Tuesday evening next. 3k-ssrs. Quiim and CJosp oceupud ths magisU-rial bench during the w-jcii. The batclial bmif.ii. Mr. Giotjo Lake, ill' ovangclis*, will preaoh to-iaorrow, morning a-:d cveuin™ at Clarke-street. Mr. Sfax Hirscli is aunonnoud fur the Debating Society on Monday nest. 2'emperance Hall. Stalks very busy, t-.vo Sfcrclarytliips and tryinj; to rua a social, all at oacc. Clever boy, Andy. We understand tliat Paul di-l see a spook, but it was about 1 30, befurc #oiug to bed fijr the night. Mr. T. II. Wilson, tlie new lay reader, '?i^l preach to-morrow, laorning and even ing, 'at Hoiy Trinity. Cr. Quinu siys be his a candidate up his sleeve. It ia to be hoped that he'll soou put Hm on view. Cr. Turver says Ui?.t, owin^ to the tariff amendments Joslni i Bros, will have to throw some 20 or 80 hiads out of work. Some riders are only fit for Carlos, and should giro credit to the l:or=e, saddle and stirrups for their good riding. It must have been one of those wicked policemen who broke those windows on Sunday uijjht to see if the bar door was open. I'm sliid to sec that Fred is about again, lie was seen iu a new role on Tuesday night. — 'A doctor's model.' A.K.A. Standard circulation still t^ouin up. Order received from 5fr. W. Cross, a^em — ' Please send 21 extra copies of tbe Standard each week.' The Cruelty to Animals Protection Society want the bikiil'S of the threa yuiisig men who ride the lives out of their na^s on a Sunday morning. The youn-? lady de Clares that the Tottenham iufaut does not require to branch the spoon, ns he has only got his sucking teeth. The bottle is all he wants. Cr. Newman thiuks the Railway Com missioners should be approached with a view o! ^euinj; a subway at the Tla^Un strett crossing. Go for a level crossing say we. Cr. Cuscaden says that to climb over the n.iglau-street Bridge is enough to Rive anybody lieurt disease. It has given a kooiI tunny people foot and ieg disease auyhoiv. Has :i Sunday niorniu« Ilitat Club been startfcd liero ? It would stpjiear so from the hazard :iii;.e:irauce of both mriii and beast as tii&y; return to devour their mid day meal. A lively discussion took place in Bay street on Saturday night between the King of Scotland and Stalks, the subject being ' Who is Criticus ? ' The King proved victorious. Poor Stalks. IMtino, 2=. 6d. to Is. Another footballer has seen the ghost. Goin.^ through the local market late one nijjht this horrible ihiug appeared. Our bero did not hare a revolver or lie would have shot it, but as it was he only lucked and took to his heels. All old patrons of the Free Library had better burr? up and tmke a last look at their old friends. It is likely there will be a stirring among tbe dry bones after next October. Crs. Edwards and Tarver shouldn't want to disturb old friends. Crs. Tarver and Edwards think that some new books are required for the Free Library. It is only about a dozen years since auy were pBrcbased. This library must be quite up-to-date. The best thing about it is the librarian. He is always Critji. Bicycles. — The discussion on the bicycle question in the House on Tnesday night was somewhat lively. Sir James Patterson said the improvements in the machines proceeded so rapidly that the bicycles were absolete by the time they were landed, and lie had lost money by trying to import them. ' You we:e before your time, Sir James,' said Mr. Iion^more, 'you ought to hare arranged for riders with divided skirts.' Mr. McLelian, said ' there is nothing gires me greater pleasure tl;au to see a baud some Jady comiug down the street on her bicycle at 10 miles an hour, and taking such liberties with her legs as I am afraid to mention.' Mr. G. D. Carter was against bicycling. The young men of to day are hollow-chested, hang their heads like kangaroos, and stoop. Why ? Biding and football explain. Now, the old fellows have chests. They throw their shoulders back and walk erect. They had not been bicyclists and foot ballers. Each style was illustrated by the hon. Member, and the House agreed that the exhibition was good. 