THE DAY OF REST. THE REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. REPLIES TO PfilOB VAUGHAN. DR. JEFFERI8ON "THE RE-ENSLAVEMENT OF CHRISTENDOM." At the Brougham • plaoe Congregational Ohuroh on Sunday the Rev. Dr. JeSerie undertook to reply to certain authoritative utteranoes by two leading Roman eoelesias tioa—Cardinal Moran and Prior Vaughan— touohing the reunion of Ohrietendom. After speaking generally of attempts made to ac complish the reunion of Christendom, ■ Dr. Jefforts went on to eay:— "The Pope propose! the reunion of Ohrietendom. I nave oai efully oonsidered the terms propounded, and I eay the Pope requires the re-enslavement of Christendom. When free men unite it is to respsot eaoh other's opinions, to offer honourable com promise, to join as far as may be on equal terms. Bet us see what the Australian Cardinal and the English Prior are offering their fellow-Christians on behalf of the Bishop of Rome. The Cardinal, indeed, declares that while in matters of faith there oan be no com promise in matters of discipline the Pope could make oonoessions if he pleases. And so Anglioan orders the validity of Episoopal ordination, a married priesthood, and worship in English instead of Latin. These oould be dealt with on their merits, as the Pope might think fitting. As for all the graver questions in debate, the infallibility of the Pope, the oultue of the Virgin Mary, the in vocation of saints, indulgences from the fire of purgatory, maeeosfor the dead—these and a number of other artiolee of belief at present rejected by the Protestant Churches must be accepted implicitly. The Prior deolares that nothing which appertains to the essenoe of the Ohuroh might be altered—that the constitu tion, authority, and saornments are immutable. Anrioular oonfeeaion would be insisted on. The Holy See might possibly make oonoeesions, but it would be on matters not deemed of vital importance. He does not think, as the Cardinal seems to, that olergymen should be permitted to marry. Only it is not unlikely that the Holy Father would graciously allow those already married to retain their wives and children. As for the young priests, they are to accept oelibaoy. Ties whioh tbe Apoatle Peter formed the suo oessor of St. Peter oondemus. They must dwell apart without wife or ohild or home. I shall not attempt to follow Prior Vaughaa in his wild statement that 240,(100,000 of people are united in tbe Papal Church ' ae one man.' Put a word needs to besaid. Does he include the Italians m Rome ! I once saw Pius IX. performing High Mass in tbe Ohuroh of San Carlo Borvomeo. He was guarded against attacks from his own Roman subjeots by a triple file of soldiers witb fixed bayonets, ranged from the door of entrance to the very oteps of the altar. United as one man? Surely the Prior has never been to Italy, or Germany, or Franco, or even Spain. In tbe very heart of Roman Catholicism there is revolt, deep and deadly against Papal rule. And I beg you nob to trust implicitly to the Prior's reading of history. The Rev. Haskett Smith has characterized it as 'superb audacity.' We may agree with him iu his estimate of Henry VIII.; but when he laude Queen Mary and evidently regrets the failure of the Armada, when be traduoi-s Queen Elizabeth, and sneers at her witb a bit of unpriostly witticism, and when, ooming with a bound to our own times, he asserts that Lord Halifax and the English people are longing to be reunited with the centre of Christendom, we see at once that be knowe little of the mind and temper of the English race. I must leave it for those who can speak with greater authority than myself to say whether tbe High Churoh Party has accepted 'almost all the dootrine and even the ritual of the Papal Cburobwhether thero are over 3,000 clergy | men and thirty Anglican biebops united in sympathy with Lord Halifax, endorsing ' the humble, beautiful, and spiritual letter' which he is said to have ' placed at the feet of the Vioar of Christ.' But I venture to express the opinion that while the High Church Party has followed too closely the ritual of Rome, and has adopted some of the dootrineB which our fathers of the Reformation repudiated and put away, yet that the greater number of the olergymen and a yet larger proportion of their followers are Btoutly opposed to Papal domination. In their dreams of reunion with tbe Roman Ohuroh they have nobdreamt of submission to an infallible Pope. Of the Bread Church and the Evangelicals, and of the Christian eeots outside the Episcopal (these last alone number ing more than one-half the nation}, I can speak with greater oonfidence. They would as soon think of rendering oivil obedienoe to tbe Czar of Russia as of rendering spiritual obedienoe to the Bishop of Rome. My oon teDtion then is that the reunion of Christen dom upon the terms haughtily proffered by the Pope would be the re-enslavement of Christendom. Three oenturieB and a half ago our ancestors broke the fetters forged in an evil time. We are asked to return to the spiritual bondage of the middle ages. Listen to the great historian of English literature— ' From the fourth oentury gradually the dead letter was substituted for the living faith. Christians resigned themselves into the hands of the clergy, and tho clergy into the hands of the Pope. Christian faith was reduced to the accomplishment of works, and works to the acoomplishment of ceremonies. ... In plaaeof Christianity the Ohuroh, in place of free belief an imposed orthodoxy, in place of heart and energetic thought external and mechani cal discipline. These are the characteristics of the middle ages. Under this constraint a thinking sooiety had oeased to think, and mankind, slothful and orouohing, made over their oonsoienae and their conduct into the hands of their priests, and were as puppets, oapable only of reoiting a catechism and ohantingabymn.' Do you Bay the middloages arogone forth, and with the spiritual domi nation of the priesthood. My reply is that the claims now advanoed by the Papsoy are greater than they were when Lutber renounoed his allegianoe. In declaring the infalli bility of the Pope at the (Ecu menical Council of 1870. in asserting that ho is the ono mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost, Koine arrogatee for him a divine authority whiah flildebrand and Innocent dared not say was theirs when kingdoms were at their feet. Listen to Mr. Gladstone, a High Churohman—'The Rome of the middle ages claimed universal monarchy. The modern Church of Rome has abandoned nothing, re tracted nothing.' Wearenotconoerned to-night with the doctrines of the Papacy. We are to look at it rather in regard to its polity, its government, and the relation of this to the oivil power, the bearing of this on Australian citizenship. Your attention is invited, nob to itsoreeds, or its discipline, or its methods of worship, but toone great feature of its policy, which I deem to be antagonistic to the free dom whiob is the inalienable heritage of the eons of Britain. In our days, and among those who have won far themselves the largess results of truth, and the fairest fruits of civilization, there is no nriaciple more settled, mors eagerly held, more constantly acted piT thaa the Tight of peoples to govern them selves. The divine right of kings wm buried in the tomb of George IIL Ifyou trill bat fairly consider those revolutionary efforts the! en being pot forth in Europe, you may disoern under ell extremes of aooudietio opinion end nnarohio notion the resolute determination of the people themselres to aahieve their own destiny. It is. the last teaching of the new political philosophy and, ■nay I ray it, of the old gospel of .Christ. It oomea to us at the ripest result of experience, and as the truest exposition of the words of the MaBter. The despot, the autocrat, the dictator, the unconstitutional monarch belong to an age that is tfftle. Here in Australia we are fully resolved to gorern ourselves. Civil freedom is the breath ot our nostrils. How, then, shall we explain, the anomaly that in the religious sphere it is with many so different. They belong to a Ohuroh where constitutional liberty such as they de mand in civil life must not be dreamt of. . There they reoognise a human autho rity to which they must render implioit and unquestioning obedienoe. All real power is vested in the clergy. The laity have no share. If the head of the vast organization is a single man, endowed with almost unlimited power, he is the supreme autoorat, the in fallible teacher, the divine arbiter in faith and morals, and in all the multitudinous questions arising about these in social and politioal life. That unquestioning obedienoe to such an autoorat is paid by men of British blood ia something to wonderat. The wonder deepens whan we find that this absolute monarch is not of British race. He is not one of us either by birth or affinity. He belongs to a raoe, olever indeed and quick- witted, who when they had lost the mastery of the world by failure of martial courage, won book their ascend anoy by playing on superstitious fears. This Italian raoe, descendants of those degenerate Romans, have not been trained to freedom, although of late they have become free. The olerioal party among them, accus tomed to subservience, know nothing of the spirit of liberty, nothing of the motboda of ooestitutional government. Into the hands of a man of auoh a raoe, of such a party, we British Christians are asked to place ourselves with unquestioning submission. Christians who, above all others ought to be free, British Christians who ought to be the freest of free men, are asked to confide their epiritual interests, which ought to be dearer to them than life, to this alien despot. I have read of Australian councils held touohing the government of Australian men, and of the decisions of suoh oouuoils being transmitted to Rome to be approved or condemned by an Italian ruler. Wo are happily free from sacerdotal usurpations, free from the terrors of eoolesiastical tribunals. But if any large section of our countrymen bow with servility before the representative of a foreign autoorat, or yield passive obedience to a supreme arbiter of faith and morals, we get within tho Ohuroh a danger that menaces the State. One would have t hough tthat long ago theOhurohofOhristwould have risen in righteous scorn againstsuoh base less authority, would have cast off a yoke fit only for ohildren or for men in the infsnoy of knowledge. National protest has indeed been signally delivered. Of the great nations which four centurieB ago rendered obedienoe to the Pope one only, boaBlful, indolent, superstitious, yields herself without oondition. Spain, the benighted, ia atill the darling daughter of Home. But Italy is in rebellion, France is defiant, Germany is hostile. Bog land through all her hiBtory has brooked with ill-concealed impatience on alien ecoleeiastienl rule. To-day ehe treats the supercilious advances of the Papacy with oourtoous con tempt. Tnere is little danger that Victoria will follow the example of John or Mary or James II. As for Australia, who dreams, save Prior V&ughan;, that she will be content to be ruled in spiritual affairs by aD old-world conclave sitting on the banks of the Tiber? We belong to the new world. There is no place for either oivil or spiritual despotism among the Australian people." 