".'' 'E -l4t1 EitilIhtI to tl'ie Etiig s in ' l,?'k'Peop-. " ?,plI'iAL PM F 'OR UNI'I 0Y OF lArl. The Apoostulic letter ,of Polpe Leo l lr, .to the English pIeople I i dOlC S;etii of thill'e colunnls' lenigtli. t "is lldressed to "ithose wh'li eel tih ]CilgdIo of Christ in' the Unity of the 1?'itlh," 11d opens wiith deehuiitio tilt the Pope, lIhaving illn u ~Ireviui Apostilie )lttlr iaddiiemled the l Ioglish p.Iole in llciiIIII with other Iltions, le "greatly desired to du thlis ivy 'i Its.,l letter, i d il thus ,give the illus irious Ejiglish rice al tokoii if oul' linl 'cere l lllbCetioll,' *:.iilu. III Ii WIoTII TII, PACP . Thlis wish hlia. beeni kiept alive by the hearty g?itdwill we haiLve ilWiLiays'filt touwrilds your people, whose greiat deeds iiohluen times the hiitor'y of the church decliucs. We weir yet llioved Iy lot iifrelluenlt conlversations with yourl coluitrylllT'en who testified t t he kiild ly finling of the Eilgllshi .tiardis Ius 1 oli Is' ,lly, u aL love 'ill "ti th' ii nlxiety' fr peace anld eternilill uilt'itiol lhrouglh unity of Fiaitli. Oud is ouil ,witlnessi how keen is our wish tllhat molle etlort of ours iiibght teild to assisot nld further the great t;,ork of' olhtiin ilng the relinioii of Chriistendumii iuidl we render tluhnkos to (lid, Vh\ o halihi so fir iprolong!ed our life tiait we may ,iiiake un i dleiavor in tJis dirctioiin. dlut' since, it is buit right, we plice our conlfidelce of It happilly issueI'nilnei VIlly and aluve u oill in thi" iwonlderfil pouler of (odI' grace, wi e hilav with full coosidlertioit determliniied to invite all Einglishllenl whli glory inl the Chrlis tilnl nuile to this sinie work, illd we lexhort theilm to lift up tlheiir lieirtos tio (Jnl tvith us, to fix their trust ill 1-hili,. .Inld to seek firomi Hiiii the help neces lsa i illi uch i Imattel by iissiduhlou ill-; idulogence ill hIoly ipray). His Holiness goes on toI ilsist upon the love ulld caure of tile ]lllanll Pon titsh for Figlalld front the dLays of Uregory3 the 'Great, Wlho, 'by his lissioll ary, St; Agustine, lrestored thl thhils-. tillnitv whicl tlhe Church hlid c01n1veyIdI to Britain, and spread nlal l delf ledd thele against sinilg heresy, but which uu| been blths ed out by' the invasion of letllthen r1oes. This loving cnre of the Pope was rewarded, "for in lno other Ctse, peritLps, did the Faith take. root so quickly, nor was so keen anul ilntense i love llmanifested towards tile &eO; of Peter." But, in the storlii whih devastalted Catholidity throluliout Europl in the 10th cemtury, England, tot-, a?eceived a grievous wotund; for it wris irht UII happilr wrenched from conulllunion with llthe Apostolic See, and 'then was llreft of that holy faiith in which for lou l .Olenturies it had rlejoiced land found liberty. It was It 1lia defiction; and ~orr.redecessorl, while hinllenting it in their earnest love, made evely prudent filbrt to put an ~ord to iti alnd to mitigpno tlhe maly evils coiitseqluent ulImn it. s8iNS8 OF "lYVIV:?ly?." The Pope r'ecalls how, w'iist Numcio in lelgium, Ihe made the tacqullaillttncoI ":f un Englishman, Iglntius Spencer, hti laid before him thile project for cx-, tending it mciicty of pious people' to pray for the return of ,the English nation to the Churchl. The fruits of Divine grame beciam notolIioui . Very m1anSywere led to follow the lDiiile caiil, md mlong theni not It few enl?lof distinguished eminence, mau0l mnlvy, too, l7:l1o in doing so .lult to make lersonal and heroic saicriles. Moreover, thllere was It wtmdellful draw ing of heartumrnd minids townrls Catho lic Falith and tpmlctice, which rose in public respect imd esteem, anll many a lung cherished prejudic~ yielded to the foreof tluthl. Looking at all this, 1 we do not dnltLt tlhat the united antdi iiulllel supplications of si mlany' to iG~d are lasttenling the tilelo ?f furlthlcr launtifesttiolns of His nmercifdl designs olwarda the English people iten "tlhe 1 Wirili of the Lord may run and 1H gloritiel" (Thcs. iii., 1). Our'oeniilence I is strengthened by okserving the legis- t lative and other measures which, if they do m'it, perl'ap, directly, still do indirectly help forwardl the 1nd we have inl VIew bIy allelioralting the coI- t itien of thle people at, large, and biy 9tllg effect to the hlaw of justice aull 1 -+hll ity. ' RPII'YIOrc..L IIt GIlON IN EIIh..Nlo. Enlarging up0ot 'this Laspect of the Case., hLis Holilloes poilit " with singul lar joy!' to "the great attention wlifkh is being given in Englaund to tlcho olu. tion lf the social qulstion-- tlie e1statb. binhlmeot of hendf(it and other societles, the efforts for tile llnintemallnce of reli gious teacling, and zeal in the repres eion oflnterference and incontinenice. The.varioul abundant lanifestatiLon: otf core for the aged, for orphains, for lcunotlule, forL: the . de.tittlte, the refuges, Itefor;iatoiles,. and other fo,?rm of charity, all which the Church as i, tender ,iother ilnuguratel, and frinm tluhe c?rlie.t ,tinles ls ever inctilcated I. special Iduty, are evidences of the Spirit which iilllmates you. : Nor can .ve omlit to mention spepcially the strict ptlblio observlance of Sundaty Iantld the elaen?al spirit of. respect for tile Holy Scriptuer.s Eereiyone knows the power ntd resoln'rces off the British nation and Thu civilising hnlouence which, with the 5l)"eOd of liborty, accompanies it.s coin 'nerial FIprospity even: to tile mlost r Mote r'eg?ons. But, worthy and dolI1 it t UlCleds na 09 e I '0 (Oill .thee ,ril lnulifeestations of activity, oilr eeil is ntised to ti origin of. lt power oIll tihe Prennial sourco of aIl "good thil?s, to (hod ou1r' Heavenly Falther, IOst I?lnlctIclt. IFor tht'1. llh)lOr .of iL1n, 'wheth. ] publlic olr private, will at ittain to their full dclicaocy witlhout ap'l)l t cld il, p'jyer nd l w'thinout Sthe "Mvne'hlessi,,." -TIIIOUtII Pll ?.LVR TO UNITY. Ti loetter lgoeS on i in olllIdleitail to )llllatii the inportlaune of pryur, C ntii.?g tI c lalo mt and recpte:e of Christ, 't etnlintie':- I nur part, watching the signs a tli uy, 'exhortibl .ad talkilg lr.' thought for the future, uirged tliereto by the examiiple Of Cllrist ad tlhe ldut Iof oul Apudstlite olice, have niot citeensd to plyu aind still hunbly pIl y, for tihe I'etllurn of . Ch istialn Iuntiols, : lUw co diiicridd froml us, to lthe unity of folnerl cu- dcays. Wre have nmore thlin -once of h1 late yearlis given' expressiton to this hle object of our0 dlesires, anid have devoted the sedulous creiu to its reilisation. The SLitoe cnnellllot he faiL di.stiilt when we su mlust appear to irenidelr iai iaccouit of in or nrstewardship to the prince of pastors u and how lhappyv, anidl bhiessed should we i.be lif we could bri.g to Hin iue'freuit -som - realisatioln of these our wishel it- which He has inspired ind sustihined. In these days our tlhoughts tutll with \- love and hope to the iEnglisllh people Ie observing as we do the frequentt and it iianiifest works of Divine grace in l1 tlueir midst; how to sonime, it is *plain, chl the cunfusion of religious dissensions it which divide theni is a cause of deep ur concern;hou. others sme clearly the I- leed of snllr, nuIlCh defelince agalillst the wX inroad of ailevikil errors which only.tolu it readily humor the wishes of fallen ii nature anld depl?i-aved ireilsoii:; how the u Iullmlb of' tJIose religions and discreet Lt ien wsli sincerely, alia r itiich for st reunion with the Catholic Church is i- increasilg. \e can hardly say lhow di strongly these and other signs quicken 40 the charity of Christ in us, and re iy doulding our prayers from ourl inmolust o. soul n,· cull down a fullrmeaslsaure of Sl)ivine grace, which, poured out on -minds so well dispolsel, layv issue in' ii the ardently de.ired fruit, the fruit Ii -namely, thlat ve imay all meet into : . the uniity of faith and of the knowledge s- of tlhe Son of Uild (Eph. iv., 1:1), care e ful tio keep the unty of the spirit in o the Ioid of lpeace, on luicdy and une I l spirit; asx you are called in one lhope t 4- ifyotrr-calling-oae Lollr, ollt faith, i 1-uone luptisxn (tI., :1--ii). With lIovig lieart, then, we turn to you all in England, to whatever colni Ii inuity r' institution you mnay Lelong, rdesiring to recall yO11 to this holy f unity. . . D)illiculties there nIny 1 I- for us to face, hut they areL not of ii Ilnature which should delay uur Apos- I I tulic zeal ii stay yourl energy. Ahli, I o doulbt the anuuly clhnges that have comi e about, lnld the tilue itself, lhave caused the, existing divisions to to take f deeper riit. hlut is thlit Ia asoniII to give a1ill hlole of relmedy, r'econciliiitill . ilui peace ' Ily . in means if (lod is I with u os.. . 'The timle is not fill, distaunti mhen 1:1 centurlies will 'have louan coinldeted since the Eunglish racei I I welcomed those Apostolic men sent, asi we have said, fmin this very city of linine, and, casting nsiule the uPagan hi ldities, derlicated the first fruits Of its faithi to Christ our Lord and God. hi .This encourages our hope. It is, inll deed, an ec\ent worthy to he rehmem- lii I beredl with public tlhauksgiving ; would that this occasion uligllt lbring to all1 rellecting mlilnds the ue'uor'y Of thei faith then preached to yolur ancestinrs, the siulle whlich is now prelacuhel Jesusl Clhrist yesterduay, to-diay iand the ssniimefor ever, as trui liaplstle stays(Heb. is xiii., 8), who also llMs i t oppolrtunely ex hurts you, x lihe does all, to .lelnumnlhr t "those'lirst iprellchers "'Who hluat e slltlkn ti the Word of CiGod," to youui whose faith l I follow, conlsidelrilng the end of the cln- i 1versatiun (2ih., 7). xl lI such it cause, we first of all ,call 1I to our assistulllce its our illies tile li Cithllies of Engluodl, whose falith anll l piety we know by lxpeienlce. 'llThere ti Calli lie noi dolilbt thalt, weighing .ull' ci nlestly tilhe value ainll efhlorts of holy r lraye'r, the virtue of which we have Ih truly delclared, they will strive "by C every nilleula tl .sucelur their fellow-n l ulantlltniii inul l lbrl ten u Vll livu il n-li ing inll tliir behalf the divine cleinenc-y. ` S . And in regid i t this therelC l is anlother uuatter whlich gives usx ti IIanxILttl. \le hlluiave uleard tlhat in Eng- ti landil there:..lee usouse wt?1o , toehilg Catlh,-, il lies in unmle, dlo inot show thelmselves I soiin piractlice ;.anll'tlhat ill your gieuat towins there Iare vast nuIobles of peo-f it pie wlu, know nlot Lthe ileuients, of then d Christaiiln faith, -whllo nevter plraty to Ctud, itl pray yet lusrle eriiustly . inll this sididconditionll of things since Heu oa alonle co eflect It a relleily. n' 'Fis HLoliness lat the saunautiiline urges tli tlilt the faithful should not suf1ler is theimselves to lie wanting in -aiuythiug pui tlett pertains to the grace aid fruit of i ll prayer, " the exelplary obliservanlce of, A uprnghttiess and justice, if pitifulness Wl for thle mor, of Ipenance, of peace 1uji ti' Cncol rdll ill your oiwn holuse.s, of I'e splct for the Itw." These iie \'hat i hlu will gin'fowrce and eltiemcy to prayer. all AN INuIUnC'IIENiI?T O' PI'IIlS FORI ENuLAND. li Wel therefore call run St. (Gregoryu go whom the ]uEnglish have ever rejoiced sXl tc greet its the apostle of their urace, on Augustine, his disciple aundl essenger, uiad on thllse other aints of God, through whosie wonlei'ful virtlues iull cl uIi less wonderiful deeds' Engltandll as miuerited the title of " Island of the lae Siints" ; on St. Peter and St. George, col ithose special pattrons, and ahove all on in IMarIy,'the HlilyMoitluer sft God, nwhomu in l Christ -lInuself flonn the 'Cross left to "' lie the nlother of mankind, to whom l ylui' kingdonu was diedicateld Iy youril fuiefatlhers under that ghlorious fitle, ils "The ])owry of Mau-y." All these li with .full clnfidence we call Ullupon tio he i Ilu llladelll's ieifore thi 'J'Tiroi'ei of Guil Iii that, uoelning tlhe glory ;of ilancient li lals, He mayl "'fill you n:ith all oy t iidl pieCle ill helietin~g tfhut you nuiy lilihoulilI inlillpe iiii in the powoer of thle IHoly Ghost" (Ionit xv., 1:1). Clre wi shulrlul lbe-tdlkei' tlhlLt the pllayel.s for U unity already estaillisi ed aLuuIongst you ti Cathllolics oin certlain fixed days should1 I1ni lhu iniide niiore llpulhlui; rld ireCited witlh lox grealter dlevofinli. ESlpulihly lllt tihe pioulils ll)rLtice of thle huily lIloslry,lwhicl IRIh i we oIrselves lumvo si ntu'ulRgly recuumlll illiulledl, sluluill flouriish, foui it oentoiuus ui ix it wel'ti a sluliiilary trf the C(isllel i*ii teaching, nllld hli idl\waySx Ic i mo ust 11te salutary ilnsititUtioil for 'the pIeolll atl to laruge. Mooreover, we are pleatedl of ou'i own will and authorioty to addl stiill aunotlher to. theluncrud.hiullblgeuncs thallt ill hav been gilulted from tinleo to timeo an Ily oulr piredecessou. We giuanii, lth tlII .iy, to.all thosoe aho .lious!y rdcite tlh - prayi.iappetuideii to this lettar, to what over nation tlhey Iay belong, 'ai in .dulgence. of :100 days'; moreover plen a1ry" iidulgencei once na o ionth on the ohbse rilvle of the usual coiiditoloniO to those who have recited it daily.1 Finally, we desire all manner, of blessing frotil God,for tbhe whole of tho Ilitish people, andu with. all our hIeart we pray that those who seek the King dIloil of Christ iand-salvation..inl the uility of fiith 'iy enter on thlle full irelisation of their desires.. Givenl at St. Peter's in Ilome on tlh 14tlh of Apiril, 1895, hit the 18th year of our Pontificate. TIlE iIAYERI TO 13AlVY. * 'The formn of player apllende t thile letter is ill the following terms: 'ITo the illessed Virgin. . Prayer for I1(nghtlod. O blessned Vir?illniniry, Mothternf( l and our mist gentle queenl and vsl other, look down ill mercy upon Englamd thy " DoUwry" ald11 lUimul 1111 ill lio greatly hlplleu Ind trulst in thlu. ISv thee it. was tlat Jeausi onur Saviourasllf our hope was given ulilto( tlhe world l; ll le has given thee thie to 11 that we mllghlti hpi still lmore. Plead for us, lthy childrentc; nI(Ii thusi didst receUvenud accept it tlfsofist lof the Cross. O sorrowful mnot ihu ! ilitercemdi or uni "sqpnarautud. hrthrel; that with n ill the iione trlu fold they usnlly he united to tlhe Suplr-nie Shoplherd, tile Vicrl of tihm Son. Pray for usn all, dear mliotller, thlatlb y faith fruitful in good works we nasy nill denerve to l e anu11i praise (Gd, .ti*getlher w'ith thee, ill our' luclvenlly hom. AmeI. 