IS :LOV' A :DBEAI?. BY MRS HERBERT MARTIN.' Night was falling-a grey, dai, p.October night-on the great wilderness of London. Night pierced by the sounds of the Yvast 'city, which strike so mournfally attimes on the ear of one who vaguely listens in the solitude that is loneliest of all, the solitude set in a crowd. Such a solitude was George Brandon's as as he sat over the fire in his luxuriously fur nished flatin South Kensigton.. The fiat and the furniture were alike new as, well as costly. 'A year ago he had been. very dif ferently housed, a struggling young journalist in dingy rooms in Camden Town. Those poverty-stricken days were over, when he hardly knew where his next dinner was to come from., The death of an old cousin who left no will, and from whom he had no expec tations, had given him comparative wealth, and he was rising into repute as a clever writer. But as he sat now, musing, with the un opened, magazine on on his knee, he did not look much happier for his change of fortune. He was dreaming of the past, which chance, or Providence, had oddly recalled with extra ordinary vividness to a memory which had never quite let it go. His eyes had fallen, at one of the station bookstalls, on the colored print sold with one of the Christmaseannuals that shower about our ears 'now with the autumn leaves-almost as thickly. A likeness which attracted.him to it had surprised him more and more; almostagainsthimself he had returned to the stall, with a cynical half-smile at his own fatuity, and had bought the pretty, worthless thing, because it reminded him of that village near the Thames, the little humble cottage, overgrown with virginia creeper, that summer three years ago, and of the very spirit and presence that made the place, the cottage, the-summer, lovely. The picture represented a young girl, slender, 'but round, whose curly hair 'surrounded an innocent and happy face.' Perhaps the likeness was only superficial, yet it DID remind him of Molly Ellis-poor, pretty, merry little Molly, the daughter of his land. lady, a faded, melancholy lady, widow of an sinlucky curate. He had never been able to' understand how such a parentage could have given birth to Molly, whose apple-blossom face, dark-blue eyes and sweet young mouth were made for joy, and not sorrow. "It's like-yet it's hot like," he mused. MIolly was prettier,' and less pretty. There was more irregularity in her face, but more character, more charm. That girl hasn't Molly's enchanting dimple nor her russet-red hair. Her eyes were larger; they had a wistful look in them sometimes, though she was so merry, so full of life. They turned away from me with tears in them, I remember, when I said good-bye. How could I say good-bye and nothing more? I don't know; it was on the tip of my tongue to tell her what I felt that I loved the dear little thing as I had never loved any girl,'that if only she would wait wait--but I dared not ask her. I thonght then it meant endless and hopeless years. How could I tell that to-day I should be rich and dul and lonely. 'Was it my fault? Yet I felt a beast as I went away and left her standing there and looking after me, so sadly, in the porch, with the red creeper hanging round her pretty head, which the sunbeam just caught. Oh! haven't I seen her a hundred times stand ing so and looking after me? Haven't I beard that sweet, young, round voice a hundred times, as I used to hear it before 1 was quite awake in that little attic room, singing her innocent love songs? I used to say, "That voice has no pas sion in it, though the child uses passionate songs." But how sweet it was ! They were desperately sentimental those songs of hers full of nightingales and golden days, and al the delicious despairs of young love! "There was one she always sang, ' Lov- is a dream.' Poor Molly! I hope she woke from her dream soon, and found a happy, common place, waking reality of life! I seem to blame myself, but I was not to blame. I did not for get her. No, God knows I never did. Com pared with her I know I am a worldling and a cynic, but I honored her as much as I loved her. I wrote when I got this money. It was like a stab at my heart when that letter came back from the Dead Letter Office, with its cold official scrawl, ' Gone away- no address.' I daresay she's all right - married to some lucky fellow by now. She was sure to marry. There was the doctor's assistant, that red. handed, sallow-faced bounder, who was so desperately jealous of me, and scowled over the pews all service time when I sat by Molly and held the hymn-hbook with her. Bless her little heart, how sweet her voice sounded in my ears! He may very likely be a full-fledged apothecary by now, and she may be' Mrs Gallipot some where. It's odd I can't forget the child. Sometimes I think I have. The memory of that halcyon month sleeps, and I go jogging along alt right, and fancy romance is quite dead and gone, but it's only hypnotised. It wakes, and I know it is alive. A thing like that" he glanced up at the colored print which was pinned abore his mantelshelf-"sets all my philosophy at naught, and I am spooning and mooning again as if I were the drudging, poverty-stricken, unlucky, lucky, poor devil I used to be three years ago, before my fortunes mended and my hear hardened." Hesat and let his pipe go out. His melan choly, dark eyes dwelt on the smiling face, but he saw something else through and behind it. 'He looked into deeper, tenderer eyes, that used to falter and shift under his when they grew too ardent; he saw the flitting rose that a deepened .inflection or a half-caressing word would make blossom on her cheek; he heard in the silence, that was only broken by the rumble and the cries of the street down below, the echo of a fresh, gay, sand yet somehow pathetic voice singing in the orchard where the blackbirds sang. The fdolish sentimental words came back that did not seen foolish then. "Love is a dream- love is a dream-and sad. is the awakening." Yes, a dream! he was dreaming it all over again; and he did not want to wake. If only he need not-if he could annihilate time and space and bring Molly-his own Molly pretty and warm and sweet--to'his lonely arms -his empty hearth. He had eat thus, lost in the mists of memory, he did not know how long,. without moving, without any consciousness of material things, of every sensation but that strange and pass: ionate longing for what was lost and gone. Suddenly it seemed to him that this very desire of his produced a miracle. A voice from that past he had evoked, aa echo from those happy bygone days-was it a living voice or did it come from nothing of flesh and blood, but from a spirit that called his spirit, tellinog him that his lost love, his un wooed sweetheart, had passed beyond these voices? He thought so. He sat rigid, listening to that wild, sad, wandering voice, believing it came from no mortal woman. And the voice sang, " Lovoe is a dream--love is a dream-and sadis the awakening! " It wasM olly's song, it was Molly's voice ah, no,nracould notbe! It was a delusion, born of the thoughts that had overpowered him: or else Molly was dead, was a disembodial spirit, and had come back to visit the glimpses of the moon for his dear sake, for he knew well enough the child had loved him, silently, with the fervor of an untried heart that hardly know how much it could love. So he sat on, like a frozen image of a man, andlistened to that voice from the distance. Ite might have let it go by thus-it was getting fainter as if it passed, when a strong shudder russed over him and shook him, as it were, into ordinary life and consciousness, His common .-ense asserted itself; he found himself on his feet and awake. "It is not a delusion ! It is no spirit!" He uttered the words aloud; it seemed to him asir someone else spoke they. All that he was irow consious of was s horrible fear lest that wandering voice should go by and leave him alone-should be lost in the darkness of the vast and cruel streets, and pass once more out of his life-for ever. Before he realised entirely what he was doing, what overwhelming influence coerced him,, lie found himself hatless, panting in the quiet street, and the voice was silent. Despair clsitched him. He had lost her-again. Which way should he turn? But farther off, some hundred yards distant, he heard it again, but faint and faltering. This time it sang the dear old ballad which he made her learn to please him, "Kathleen 3Mavourneen"-" It may be for years, and it may be for ever"-He turned and darted towardathe sound. He moved and acted like asomnambulist. The slender, trem bling, shabby figure in black was closeto him. A sad, pale, pathetic httle face, whose dark blue eyes spoke of heart-break, was raised, and the dim light of the street lamp faintly illuminedit Oh, Molly! Molly! pretty, smiling, happy little Molly! have you come to this-to this? He took her arm gently, tenderly, but eventhat gentle touch made her start away from him with a shiver of terror and repulsion. Poor child! she had learnt to shudder at the touch of her kind, to look on passing men as all enemies to the one thing left ner-her self respect. '" Let go of me!" she said, tremblingly. "No, Molly, not now I have found you. Never again, Molly." He spoke firmly and slowly. lie had found her, bat he dared hardly yet rejoice. How had he found her? In the dreadful, cruelstreet, alone, unprotected, in poverty-a street singer! He would never forsake her, never be anything but her truest friend and chamnpius., but till he knew more he dared not think of more. " Molly?" she said .wildly, stating at him with bewildered eyes, from which the terror hadnotoet gone. ' Who calis me Molly nowb' Who are you?-oh, I cannot see-the light is so dim-or my eyes are. I da?en't think who you may be!" "Someone who is your friend-your friend. But come hi-come home-out of this cold and dark, Molly-out of thesehateful streets. Don't you know me, Molly? Have you quite for gotten? O God!"-sobbing in a sudden agony of relief-" it is you. I dared not believe it. You, you at last-after all this time." She clung to him now, with both her thin, cold little hands. He drew her s:rfily but gently to the doorway from which Ihe came. lie took her, almost carrying her, up the two flights of stone stairs to his own door. In another moment Molly was in the heart of the warm, softly lighted, softly furnished soom, and had sunk among the cushions of the deep armchair in front of the fire, still sobbing in the deep relief of tears. He said noihiog at first. She must be warmed anud fd and cnoerted before he dared to look into the past or lorward to the future. He took off her shabty black hat, her little thin mantle, with a touch lhke a woman. His bachelor tray of coffee with the spirit lamp .was ready on the table. lie made a cup hot and forced her tenderly to sip it. The faintest dawn of the old sweet color was coming on the worn white face; when she lohsled up at him and tried to smile her gratitude his heart bounded. He saw his former love again; he knew that into whatever dire straits some cruel fate had brought her it was his own Molly, sweet and pure and faithful, that looked through those tear.dimmed eyes. ' Oh, "she said, her words cut in two with a sob, "how good-how good you are to me! Is it really you? Am I dreaming it all? Shall I wake -outsido in the dark and thi cold and the fear ?" He knelt at her feet and looked up at her. He was not afraid of looking now. "Darling, you shall never wake out of this dream, It is I-and I lore you. D)idn't youen know I loved you three ycars ago "I--I thought so. But you went away." "I was afoolto go, but h never mm ant to be avillain. I was too poor then-I hadn't any hope."' "Poor?" she said wonderingly, as her eyes glanced round the om, that to her simple fancyseemed fit for a palace. "Iwas poor then-I expected always to be. This money came tome only a year ago when I had lost eight of you. I wrote, Molly ; I wrote to ask you to share it with me, to be my own wife. I never wanted any other woman- o "Yntou wrote to me r' "Yes, the letter came back. Your address was not known. I lost you. T h, my precious one, I have found you now ! I never will let "The winter ofter you here with us," she began, stumbliag in the confusion of her mind over her words, "that next winter, threeyears ago nearly, my mother died. Ihad nots a penny in the world wheu our debts were paid. I had no home; there was one offered me; you remember, perhaps, young Brown, Dr Pilbohry's aesstntnt." George Brandon nodded: he could hardly repress a smile at the remembrance of his rival, and a faint ghost of a omile flitted over the girl's face for an instant and then passed. "Allh, I know you used t lugh at him-and I did, too. Poor Sam ! dut though he was so uncouth and ugly, so unlike you, ought not to laugh, even to smile, at him. He was faithful and true, and I had not a friend. He wanted me to go and live with his mother till he could afford to marry me. But I cousd not, I could not. I never could forget you." George lai his lips on her hands; he had not yet attempted to caress her, "oI could not stay there. People were not friendly or kind. Mrs Broewn ndher daughters were very angry with me. I answered an advertisement as a mother's help near London, and I went there. It wras a very, very hard plece. They gave me very little and I had no rest. I had four little children always to look after. They were not kind to me. Bui I stayed on for two years. for I did not kenow what else to do. Then my health broke down, and Mrs Stokes sent me away. I could not do the work any longer. I-oh, George-I don't know how to tell you what terror I went through next. I took a situation; I thought it so easy, the ady e.O ind, bua t I found--f foud-she was ad. did not now there were such wicked people, ouch evil ways, is the world.' I ran awaywithout a penny, without anything be longing to me. andi dd sot know where to go. It was very cold, and I had no shelter. I fainted, anda policeman tooskmo tothe nearest hospital. I was happier there; I was sale; they were good to ome, and I thought \- I hoped -- I was goings to die. That was last spring--the eerly spriog. I was very ill, and they koept ma six, months. WhenI came out. I did not know what to do. where to go. There was a poer woman m there; she was very poor, but ?be was as kind tome as she culd be. She said I couldoleap in her room if I would earn some money; ahe isuld not afford to give me food. She toldme I could gotsomething by singing in the sticet. Iwas ashamed-bitterly ashamed--but Itried. I do not know what else todo. eoua-you. won't think too badly of me, will you?" Her head drooped; ho could only see the rugh, curly, russet hair, cut short on the tittle head. His soul yearned over her. He took the poor little head into his arms, and hid it there. He could not speak, only press her closer, and after a while she ceased to tremble and sob, and lay calmly like a child on his breast-trestful s. a child, inno cent a' a child. At last hebroee the long silence that had its own voice for them. "Thank God you came my way! Thank God you sang that old song that you used to sing to me in the dear old time! But for that I might never hare found you, never have'. brought yen-home." "AIh, GeorgO, I have had no- home-I ann sauke you happy. Look up, sweetheart, took round. See. eould you lie' hero, with mns Could you stay if r ever---my.wife?" She slowly raised her face, it win glowing with the beautiful delicious shame of.love. " Y'our wile- your wife." " In a few days, a very fse days, sweet. From this moment this place is gours. I am-, yours. Wre belongtoeach othernor ever.. My housekeeper, who isa good woman, a widow, will take care of you here. I woll leave you the mistress of my house with hsr--rc one shall say a wcord against my Molly. llut, indeed, there is no one to meddle with' you'and mm ' 'hea in a short, short time we will be married. Wee will go away, dear, to some place where even in winter ttere are flowers and sunshine,. aud. you shall get hack your looks, your dimples. "Thi Lord do so to me, aud more also, if aught but death, part thee anel me l" They kissed each other, and their souls met w ith ther lips.--Tho WL \Vindsor?Mlagasine. 