R&LIUiOUS; NEWS. Christ Church, Nouth Adelaide.— Christ Church Schoolroom waa humming like a hive on Thursday afternoon, the occasion being » sale of work, whioh was owned by Mrs. Harmer. Tne room was nicely decorated with flowers and foliage, the stag* in par tioular being attractively adorned with palms, while the stalls were tastefully and prettily arranged. There was an abundance of pro duce, ca'-tfli, sweets, and f anuy good-), and then was a charming freshness about all the articles exhibited for sale. Mrs. H«raer, who has already endeared herself to very many of the Church people, and indeed to all those) with whom shs has coma in contact, made a short and happy little speech in declaring the sale open. Sue was delighted to be present, and she was pleased that the first pablio function at which uha took part in tha colony was in connection with her own parish, in which she had received such a hearty welcome and so much kindness. Mm. H*rinar wished tba sate every success, aud she was not disappointed in this reepeot. Carriage after carriage arrived during tho afternoon, and the attendance from 2 30 p.m. till 10 p.m. was highly gratifying. Business was brisk throughout the day, ths ladies in oharctt of the various stalls being kept con stantly bu-y. An interesting incident in the proceedings was the presentation of a basket of violets to aim. Uariner by little Mi-is Marjorie Yonag, a^reat-great-nieceof the late Augustus Short, first Bishop of tbe Diocese. Tnis took place on the platform immediately after Mrs. Harm--r had declared tbe bazaar open, aad is was a happy idea that Jdiss Young should have been ohosen to make the preientation, aa she revived memories of the past and formed a oonneotine link between the espioopateof Adelaide's first and muoh loved Bishop and the work whioh has j-nt been onst- red upon with such bright aad proini-stcjt prosueou by Dt. and Mrs. Harmer. A 'Christmas tree and fairy well provided amusement for the children, aad as in tervals musical numbers proved a pleasing diversion. Among those who attended the sale during the day were His Cxeelleaoy the LiautenautGovernor, Bishop Harmer, tbs Dean, and several of tbe oiergy. The stalls were presided over aa follows:— Produce, Mes dames Dutton and F. Wright and Miss Bag ahaw ; work --tall, M-«dames T. K. Hamilton and T. Templar and Mis« Bagot ; fancy goods, Mtit'Janie* Marryat and Bowenand the Misses Crawford ; cake stall, Mesdamea Peacook and Slow and the Misses MoNIinn; refreshments. M-wdames Je-uop and Field; sweets, Mrs' Astley and tbe Misses Turnbull ; Christmas tree, Misses Dean. Coopar, and Cornish; fairy well. Miss Aroher. All-dat Cbbistiak CoxvxTrno.v.— Thurs- day, July 11, was devoted to a Ca istiaa Con vention at the Pirie-Jtreet Wesleyan Church. In t&e; morning th»re wa-» a conference of ministers only. The Rev. J. Berry conducted a noonday sen ice, which he intends to con tinue every Thursday for three months. Tbe body of the Churoh was well filled. Tba subject of the address waa 'The Baptism of tbe Holy Ghost,' which, Mr. Berry said, was sngKes-ed by tbe conference of ministers and the meetings to be held during the day. Mr. Berry announced that the collections as before would be givea to ohariti-te. generally to the Xuninz Sister Fund, but to other chari tiet which from time to time might seem deserving. At tbe afternoon s*rvio» the Rev. T. Lloyd spoke on 'The Chore!) and Aggresive Work.' He defined the members of the Churoh of God as those who did His holy wiIL The Churoh was guided by th- Holy Spirit of the living God. Tb*»y were all in on* army, and they should not be jealous of one another. The work of con'er«i.on had been going on since the days of Pentecost, and tbe aggressive work atarted in Wesley's time had extended throush China, India, and America, and wonderful progress had been made throughout the world. Several members of the congre gation testified, and after hymns and prayers the Rev. C. Lane addressed the audience on the 'Saving Grace of God.*' The even ing session was held specially in the inte rests of ycunger Methodism. Ths Presi dent (Rev. H. a. Teague) presidpd. After hymns and prayer the Chaibhax said that it was considered well to give the young people a special service in connection with the Con vention. It was meant to rso-Mmise the part of the young people in their Church work, for there were special branches in which youth succeeded better than the older ones. They put more joyousness and hopefulness into tbsir work than the older ones, who had met tho ex perienoes of life which calmed their judg ments and actions. Enthusiasm also was an important factor in th* Church's labours, and they wanted the rouag people to recognise that they could help the Cburoh very niueb. They wer* living ia troublous times, and the young people would have before them the solution of the problems which were now facing them. Addresses wetv given by the Rav. C. H. iKCiMELLSon 'Early devotion to Christ,' and the Rev. H. T. Bcrges-j on 'Early attachment to the Church.' The service olosed with th* benedic- tion. Tub Ret. John Naibn.— In another colnma it will be se«n that the R«v. John Nairn* is Announced to deliver his lecture on 'Tain o* Jaok'a Lad' in the Morphett-street Primi tive Methodist Chorch this evening. This is on* of Mr. Nairn's must popular leotur**. He delivered it in England. New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania more than 500 times. Dr. Josiph Coos.— Sir. J. J. Virgo i*- Ofstvsd yesterday further nsws of tha move ments of the great Boston Iftotursr (Dr. Cook), who will arriv* at Auckland asxs wash. Ha will lectora is that city, aad than pracesd south. 