THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. DERWENT. A MYSTERY. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of •‘The House by the Common," ‘‘Wedder* bum’s Will," “ The Westlakes,” &c.; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Sf Bowden, Ltd. [all bights reserved.] CHAPTER XV. ASSAULT AND BATTERY. After dinner that evening Florence left her couBin to hie own resources, but at eleven o’clock came down from Ann’s room to bid him good-night. “ Don't let them turn out the lights," he said. - “ It's no use my going yet. I may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hour or more.” She clasped her hands nervously as sho looked down into his upturned face. “No use going where ? ’ she faltered. “On the watch, to be sure.’’ “Oh, Arnold,” she cried, “I hoped you had had enough of this." “Enough! I haven’t begun. Why, Floy, I told you I meant to shadow that 'woman like death.” “Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don’t do it; please don’t do it. Oblige me in this. Mr Fairford was a friend nf father’s, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you called at his honse and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Arnold, give iii to me in this." “S rry, Floy, but it can't he done,'1 he answered. “It puzzles me you take such an interest in the chap. Yon haven t known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I’ve discovered the truth, you 11 be thankful I stood firm for once in :ny life.” She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnight, lie became eager to be doing something. It was a cool, fresh night, and he turned np his coat collar as he quitted the honse. Then he took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited there two weary hours, no Bound fell upon his ears save the striking of the distant church clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowiDg of a restless chanticleer. It was eleven the next morniDg when he came down to breakfast. “No luck last night," he said. “Of course, I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was 1 Well, Floy, we’ll see who tires first." Arnold Derwent was not the only person in Bookfield who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After going dutifully to church on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father's cottage, a clean white building, with a roof of extremely ornamental thatch, standing at a convenient distance from the churchyard—the field of Mr Mogfords labours for so many years that, at least as far as the living were con cerned, he regarded that domain as virtually bis own property. “It’s my opinion yon Bee a ghost, L:z," said Mrs Mogford, tho only blaok- haired member of the family. “ I ve seen ’em my self, come to that. Take the night before poor Aunt Lottyldied." “ It wasn’t no ghost," declared John, the eldest son ; “ I never saw a ghost. I lay she’d holloa if I laid hold on her." John followed np the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew his huge boots farther beneath his chair. “ If it wasn’t a gho3t,” sai l Mrs Mogford, “ I don’t see no harm done. A person can walk what time she likes and no harm done, if so be she is a person ; what do you say, father?" “I say the same as you say, Emma,” answered Mogford, who from long-experience found this a plan which saved trouble and ill-feeling. He was a thick-set, bow-legged, drea/y-faeed man, with a shook of bright red hair, and an invariable smell cf earth abont his clothes. “ We'll soon find out that ’ore," said James, the younger born. “ How’s that, Jim ?” asked Lizzie ; “ how are you going to find out ? ” “ Watch and see, Liz. Ain’t that reason? If you want to find ont what a thing is, just look at it, and there y’are. You’re iu it, John ? ” “I’m there, James.” “I don’t know but what I’ll make another,” said Mogford, senior; “eh, missus ? ” Between a desire to afford her rash off spring the natural protection of their father and to preserve her husband from danger. Mrs Mogford wavered; but at last the plot was hatched, and Lizzie told Florence all abont it on Monday morning. Lattr in the day, meeting Owen Fairford in the village, Florence stopped. He ssemed entirely to have forgotten his embarrassment at The Kookery the other night, and after some casual remarks, asked after Ano. “She is dying fast, ’ was the reply. “Dr Viret doubts whether she will live through the day. I Bhould not have left her, only be insisted that I should come out for half an hour." When presently her small hand rested a moment in his rather large one, she longed yet did not dare to warn him of the rod in pickle. Not only was Arnold on the watch, but tho Mogfords also; and, between them, surely Owen muBt be compelled to suffer. And there was another, still more vigilant, entirely unsuspected either by Florence or Owen. Joe Badger, having gained an ink ling of tho Mogford scheme at the Lion, regarded it as a design to take the bread out of his own open mouth. But when, about five o’clock, the clouds which had been lowering all day burst furiously over Book field, Joe rejoiced. If the Mogfords were so ill-advised as to turn out, they would secure only a ducking for their pains ; nobody else ■yvaa likely to follow their example ! Accordingly, he himself turned in at eleveD, and was lying listening to the rain patter ing on the roof overhead, when he heard a door opened and closed, and reached his look-out just in time to see a tall, dark figure leave the gate, to all appearances the same in every respect as usual, except that instead of, or, for all he conld see, as well as, having the face hidden by a veil, an umbrella was held low down over the head. Ardently as Joe longed to follow, ho durst not. Besides the obvious difficulty that he waB not suitably clad at the moment to brave the storm ; if the Mogfords defied the elements and watched, there would ensue a fracas, from which it was discreet if Joe absented himself. Meantime, three red heads, covered by as many black hats, were bowed behind the churchyard wall, a few yards from the latch gate. The rain beat piteously down upon them, causing Mogford senior to wish he had left the hazard to his sons, whom no weather, good or bad, conic! have kept from the anticipated sport. “ ’ Arf arter,” ejaculated John, as the church clook struck half-past midnight. “How much more of it? that’s what I'd Jlke to know,” grumbled Mogford, trying to twist himself so that the rain should not find its way down his neck. “ Hullo J” whispered John. “ I heard snmmat 1 ’ Fatting their heads close together, they listened attentively Yes, through the noise of the pouring rain they distinguished heavy, regular footsteps, approaching slowly. “ Look here," murmured JameB, me and lather’ll bide, while you go to gate, John. Then you’ll tackle her, and—” “ Not me, James. Me and father'll bide while you go on ahead," “Or maybe father'd be the beat,” answered James, no longer coveting the leadership. “ Stick together, one and all, I say,” answered Mogford. A thrill of suppressed excitement was common to the three. “ She’s coming,” whispered John. Eaising their head above the wall they all peered over. Two sets of teeth chattered, and Mogford, whose teeth were, for the most part, things of the paBt, quaked in his shoes. There was the tall figure in black, just as Lizzie described it, save the face was hidden by an umbrella. The pouringrain prevented the three watchers from clearly distinguish ing any details, except the left hand hang ing bare. As it drew level with their ambush, the Mogfords stooped lower and crept along under the shelter of the wall to wards the lyeh gate. Then Mogford senior opened it. “ We won’t stand no nonsense,” said .Tames, evincing a courteous desire to stay behind and shut the gate; but the others waited for him, and three abreast they advanced to meet the tall black figure. Stopping right in front of it, they effectually barred the way. Next moment the umbrella was raised, and, to their utter astonishment and confusion, they found themselves face to face with Owen Fairford. He was clad in a long black mackintosh; and, what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, and their preconceived opinions, it had been quite easy to mistake his sex. “Well,” he exclaimed, “what do you want T You appear to occupy a good deal of the highway.” Mogford felt that he -was in a quandary. He scarcely knew what explanation to offer, and after rubbing his head for some seconds in confusion, stammered an apology, and, followed by his two Bons, beat an undignified retreat As he declared subsequently, you might have knocked him down with a feather; and his wife summed up the whole “ Liz is just crazed,” she Baid, But the incidents of the night were not at an end yet. True to bis word, Arnold Der went had watched and waited in vain. If he had not paid that visit to Forest Pro spect, doubtless, a3 he continually told Fiorenco, the woman would have come forth and delivered herself into his hands ero now. But to- night seemed to him pro pitious. Owen Fairford would not give him credit for sufficient perseverance to brave the elements. It was exactly the night to throw him off his guard, exactly the night to bring forth the woman whom his watch fulness had recently confined within doors. Accordingly, ho cams out a little after half-past twelve, haviug waited till the last moment in order to reduce his inevitable ducking to the minimum, and took his stand beneath the sycamore tree. He could not sec much through the slant ing lines of rain; but about one o’clock, thinking he heard footsteps, he craned his head forward, and perceiving a person in black on tue point of entering the furthest gate of Forest Prospect, ran swiftly along beside the hedge, and himself entered the nearer gate, hoping to intercept the person before the front door could be gained, Within a second of being too late, the door nearly closed, in his excitement Arnold threw himself against it with all his force. Io immediately flew wide open, and, to his surprise, he was confronted by Owen’s stern, white face. Still Arnold persisted ; planting his right foot upon the mat, he attempted to make good his entry. _ _ j “ Leave my house,” said 0 wen, looking down upon him threateningly. But Arnold’s blood was up, and he was uot the man to be turned back by a threat. He Btepped for ward, and Owen immediately stepped back, straightened his right arm, struck the in truder fairly between the eyes, and sent him headlong on to the gravel path. He fell upon his elbow, bent at an angle, and as the door was closing a second time uttered a loud cry of pain. “ Are you hart 1 ’ asked Owen, coming to his side. “Good Lord 1 you have broken my arm 1” “ What on earth did you mean by forcing your way into my house?” demanded Owen, placing his hands beneath Arnold’s armpits to raise him. “Don’t jaw,” was the answer. “Give me a handkerchief—just make a sling, Look sharp ; a little more, and I’m hanged if I shan’t go slick off.” 