The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. By Una Roe, Author of "The Mysterious Whisper." Chapter IV. MY LADY'S PICTURE GALLERY. ' So many ghosts and forms of fright Have sorted from their graves to-night, They have driven sleep from my eyes away, I must go down to the chapel and pray." —Longfellow, The schoolroom where little Miss Hes keth's studies were conducted was one of the prettiest rooms in Moss Villa. Mr. Hesketh had selected the apartment him self with a view to the taste and con venience of Miss O'Neil and his own alsoj for it was a harbor of refuge to him in seasons of ennui and divers distresses of mind and body. Here he came on his return from his office, or on a holiday to read his paper and his books, or to talk to his little girl and to the governess. Law rence occasionally joined the trio by Martin's special request, and at rare intervals Mrs. Hesketh graced the scene with her stately presence, when she would jest with "Pat," treat Miss O'Neil with studied politeness, and scarcely notice the presence of her husband and her little girl> Edith. She was there one day when the conversation turned upon the lost " Lily.'' It was the first time that the subject had been broached in her presence, and her interest was awakened.though she made no comment for some time. Martin was sug gesting methods of discovery, when the lady of the house observed quite care lessly— "If I had known of this subject of interest before, Pat, I could have saved you some trouble and anxiety, I daresay. You need not have wasted your superfluous energies on this vanished curiosity. I hap pened some years ago to be slightly acquainted with t her myself in South Australia." " How fortunate," exclaimed Lawrence, eagerly. " And can you tell me where she is now ?" " She is dead. Lily Neale is dead and lies in an out-of-the-way cemetery in South Australia." The news was so unexpected and so sudden that each looked at the other without finding words to express his or her surprise. Mrs. Hesketh went on in the same tones— " I saw her once or twice, and I attended her funeral. I was a girl at the time. Her father and mother are also dead, and I believe she has no relations. I did not know her very well, but I can assux-e you that she lies in a nameless grave Now I hope I have not disappointed anybody." She did not look at anybody, only gazed out across the river, and fanned herself languidly. Mr. Hesketh glanced up from his book and regarded her attentively. She did not turn her head, but put her fan up to her cheek so as to hide her face from his view. " I am greatly relieved," said Lawrence. " A weight is lifted from my shoulders. Are you satisfied ?" to Minnie. " It seems sad and lonely," said Minnie. "She was a dear little thing. Well, it is better for her, and it is a consolation to think that she is safe in heaven." "What do you mean by being,safe," enquired Mrs. Hesketh. " I think it is sad to die young." r " Lily was exposed to certain dangers," replied Minnie. " Dangers that threatened her faith, Mrs. Hesketh—a matter of im port to Catholics. Her friends and sur roundings were non-Catholic, and barely tolerated Lily's religion. Still I do not think she would have sold her birthright, even had she lived to be beset with tempta tions. braver, truer-hearted little confessor <x the faith there could not be. The nuns looked on her as their own future property and possession. No, Lily would die a thousand times before she would be a pervert. O pardon me, Mrs. Hesketh, I quite forgot that I was addres sing a lady who differs from me in religion. Indeed, I did forget. Pray, pardon me." " Oh, I perfectly understand you, Miss O'Neil. We Protestants do not regard a change of religion in so serious a light as you Catholics do. No doubt you are quite right to, act according to the teachings of your church: I do not think a change of that Bort is advisable in any case. What do you want; Moffat?" as the servant appeared at the door. "If you please, mum, shall I make the jam?" • " No. I will attend to that myself at another time." Moffat withdrew, and Martin observed to his wife— "Do you know that Miss Moffatt was standing outside tbhe verandah listening to the Conversation for the .fast ifiyem^uteSi'^ " She has some strange ^abi^,:' 'rotuimed the lady. "But she is much improved since she came fipst. I candepend on her, and she is tidy and-industrious.". ' " IAimft cajreTfPE &er7;' said Martin. ':«i; wish you, coptd Vinan^6' to find- another servant tosuit us, aha send her awayi I do not like that woman, Constance." " You are prejudiced and unreasonable1 Mr. Hesketh. Can you point out any fault in her beyondcuribsity ?" "Twenty, if 1 chose to enumerate them. First and foremost, she is a renegade Papist. ■ 'Excuse me, Minnie. 'That I know on good authority. I am nothing myself, nTid those who belong to me can be what they please. Quaker or Hottentot, any thing is tolerable but a renegade Papist. That is a character I abominate. There is no sincerity, no truth, and very little virtue, if any, in their composition. I am a freethinker myself. I say it again, for I have no settled faith in any religion. But if there is one form of belief which is not a sham, it is the Catholic religion, and a renegade from that church is a worthless creature. I cannot bear such a one. Moffat is one, and I have an instinctive dislike for her." He had risen and walked about looking quite angry as he spoke. Mrs. Hesketh said no more. " You must wonder at my words, Minnie," said he, " but it is the truth. I don't know how I come by it, but I have an innate horror of these monstrosities. I lose all patience with these hypocrites. Why do they act thus P Is it ever for an honest motive P No, for place or position, or some selfish end. You will never hear of a Catholic giving up his faith on his death bed. I blamed you once for what I called religious bigotry; but, believe me, Minnie, had you renounced your creed for my sake, I would have despised you with all my heart. I could never forgive such a one." " You are very hard, Martin," said Law rence. " In some cases, as with regard to this poor girl's there may be extenuating circumstances—great temptations. Per haps she is more to be pitied than blamed." " You will plead in vain for a pervert with me, Lai. The curse of the Gods follows the cowards and it will fall on them sooner or later." " One' would think you were a Catholic yourself, Mr. Hesketh," said Minnie. " You are so sensitive on this point," and she laughed. "No. It may he that I inherit the sentiment from my Irish ancestors. I don't know, or I may have been privately baptised by some old Irish washerwoman. Anyhow, I have not been brought up to the truth, as you call it, Minnie. One thing is certain, I hold my hand against these outcasts. That is one reason why I can't stand Moffat. Let us change the subject." He took up his paper again and silence reigned. Mrs. Hesketh went into the house, Minnie and Lawrence walked about the garden till tea. One other event disturbed the equanimity of Mr. Hesketh that evening. It was Moffat again who caused the disturbance. It happened to be one of those cool even ings which sometimes occur in the midst of an Australian summer. A fire was lighted in the drawing-room, the servant came in with seme coals, blew up the fire with the bellows for a longer time than seemed necessary before she took her departure. Minnie was at the piano with Martin beside her turning over the leaves of her music. Mrs. Hesketh and Lawrence were engaged in a game of cards in another part of the room. " Now I breathe in peace," said Martin to Minnie as the door closed on Moffat. * Did you pay attention to the music of the bellows just now ? You should have seen how she looked round each moment to see what was going on, and took a parting glance when she reached the door. That one means mischief. I wish that my lady would kindly dismiss her and let her hang her harp on the willow tree, or rather her bellows. I believe she is a blacksmith's daughter, she has the bellows in her hand so often. I am just thinking, Constance," turning to his wife, "that it would be a good plan to get a musical box attached to Mary Ann Moffat's bellows, it would not be so monotonous, rather enlivening. What do you think P and we might have * South Carolina,' for breakfast; ' Hakes of Mallow,' for dinner; ' Nora Crena,' for tea, and so on; winding up with * The night before Larry was stretched.' No offence, Lai. And ' St. Patrick's Day in the morn ing ' to wake us. Don't you think it is a good idea, my lady." "I am sorry that Moffat is troubling your peace of mind again, my lord," re joined the lady. "It is a novel idea. I will suggest it to her if you wish." " Will you send her away ? I will make her a parting gift of a musical pair of bellows ?" "I do not intend to part with her,Mr. Hesketh." This was said so firmly that Mr. Hesketh subsided, and asked Minnie for more music. "Now sing," said he. "I have not heard your voice for a long time. Take one of these songs and Bing to me, it will soothe my restless Bpirit and banish the thoughts of Moffat." Minnie took up the first song that came to hand. It was the very song that Bridget had sung in the garden about "Marble Halls" You are fond of this," Baid she. "Though I cannot equal Bridget's execution. Shall I sing it ?" Mrs, Hesketh had walked over to the Siano, and stood leaning over the back of [innie's chair. " No," said Martin, taking the song from her. " Any other, not that." Another song was chosen to which Mrs. Hesketh listened, and was pleased to praise the singer, " Now, Pat, we must have a duet, Miss O'Neil will play for us, We will have the Together they sang to sweet unison, whUeMavtinlistehed andfonnd thedull atoo^ere^df Miss MMh^be^an^g^to near vlctoSy irf M^ ifiterestlng person. who was enraptured with the. music from her post just outside the door, and was sniffing the air ather own construction of the proceedings within. The Heskeths usually breakfasted at half past eight. It was now a quarter to nine by Mrs. Hesketh's watch, yet the breakfast watted upon the table untouched. My lady looked vexed, she had taken out her watch for the third time, she had grown restless in her chair, and glanced towards the door repeatedly, yet still she sat alone, her good temper as well as her appetite evaporating like the untasted tea and coffee. At length the door opened, and a child entered, a pretty boy dressed in a sailor suit. Long fair curls reached to his shoulders, clear blue eyes lighted his hand some face with more than ordinary intelli gence. He was tall for his age—nine years—and stout, and possessed a will as strong as his Sturdy limbs. He advanced to his mother's side and leant against her knee holding up his face to be kissed. After exchanging a dozen or so of loving caresses, the mother remarked— "You are late this morning, my pet. Did you not hear the bell ?" " Oh, yes, mamma. I was up in a plum tree, being a sailor shipwrecked on a desert island. Then I thought I would be a mon key and throw cocoanuts about. I threw some green plums at Hate O'Neil and hit her, but she didn't cry; she threw them back at me and missed me, girls never do throw straight !*' " You were a rude boy to throw things at a little girl. I thought yon knew better, Edmund." * " Well, mamma, she had no business to sit swinging on her gate making faces at me. She called me names, too. 'Master £ s. d.\ she says." " Why is that ?" " I suppose because we are rich, you see' and I am the eldest child and will have all the money some day." " There, that will do," said the mother with a frown. " Did you see papa at all this morning, Edmund ?" " He is in the garden with Edith, she is chattering as fast as a magpie, and he is laughing like a " " Hush!" interrupted Mrs. Hesketh, laying her hand on his mouth. " Why, mamma ? What did you think I was going to say ?" "Something you should not say. You must never speak disrespectfully of your father." And then she thought a moment and added—"Perhaps I am mistaken. Tell me what you were going to say, Edmund." " Only that he laughed like those things, I forget the name, not bandicoots, but they prowl about at night and tear up dead bodies out of the graves to eat them - and they laugh—and Hilenos I think they are called, Mary Ann told us all about them once. She tells grand tales, only the ghost stories frighten Edith." "Then she ought not to tell them to Edith." " Oh, Mary Ann knows I like them, and she don't care for Edith, she gives her a slap sometimes. She likes me best, I can get tarts whenever I like." "We had better take our breakfast I think, oh, here they come," as steps were heard approaching. Mr. Hesketh entered the room with his little daughter on his shoulder. "Good morning, my lady. Edith," he continued, setting the child on the floor, " go and bid your mother good morning, and make our apologies for being so late." "You are so often late, it is nothing new," said Mrs. Hesketh, not deigning to lift her eyes from the table cloth. Martin made no answer, bnt threw him self into his chair and took up the paper. Edith came timidly forward and stood near her mother. "Good morning, mamma," she began. "I have brought you some cherries from my own tree, they are the first that ever grew on it, and I wanted you to have them. We did not think it was so late. Papa left his watch on the dressing room table, and we did not hear the bell, because the wind was blowing so much." The speech ended, the little maid waited for a reply. Mrs. Hesketh looked at her coldly. It was a fair picture for a mother's eye. The gentle elf-like creature appeared as though she had just stepped out of fairyland, in her white frock trimmed with blue, the sleeves looped up with blue ribbon on the shoulders, another ribbon of the same color in her hair. The glossy hair might have been spun from a fairy loom; it was considerably tossed and tangled this morning. The hands and feet were very small, both small hands were needed to hold the bunches of cherries. There was a faint flush on the little cheek, a flush that waB fading fast at this moment as though the land of mortals were too cold for this fairy girl. The most human things about her were her eyes, wistful blue eyes that spoke the language of the heart, that revealed too much to the gorgon eye that would care little to wound that sensitive heart. (To be continued). A contemporary contains an advertise ment of a dog for sale. Among the good points of the animal are theBe: " He will eat anything, and is very fond of children." An old Hand.—Diner—" Waiter, I find I have just money enough to pay for the dinner, but it leaves nothing in the way of a tip for yourself." Waiter—" Let me add up the bill, sir." An Irishman, passing throngh a field of cattle, said to a friend: " Whenever you .see a herd of cows all lyipg down, and*one of them only Btanding up, that one is sure to be the bull." , 