.WARUINGAH ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY. The Warrlngah Orchostral Society gavo tlioir inaugural 'vocal and instrumental concert at tho School of Arts, Neutral Bay, last evening. Tho society was assisted by a numoer of outside musicians, aim a class programmo wad submitted. Tho opening number ou tho programmo was a symphony by tho orchestra, after which Mr. Wintlo sang "Life," and later In the evoning contributed "I never can forgot," with a clarionet obbllgato by Mr. II. Crigh- ton. Mrs. R. Hahn's rendering of "Ave Maria" was well appreciated, the singer being accompanied on tho 'cello by Signora A. Sell lav I. A piano solo, consisting of a number of airs from Vordl's "Rigoletto" Wa3 played by Mrs. Oliver, and a larghotto in A Major for piano, violin, and 'cello was contributed by Signora A. Schiavi, Mossrs. David Copo and D. Cope, jun. A violin and violoncello duct was played by Signora A. Schiavi and Mr. G. Robius, and Master A.'Moseloy and Mr. Somerset added a song each to tho programme. Tho additional numbers played by tho orchestra during tho evoning were: — "Eutr Acte," from "La Colombo"; "Souvonir do Ponchielll," "Ca- valleria Rusticana," and the "Flying Dutchman." Captain Moseley presided, and Signor Lulgl Sichiavi discharged the duties of conductor. . Wirth's Pacific Cnreus attracted a good audience last night, and a matinee and an entire change of programme are announced for to-morrow. The. Elizabeth-street en trance to the arena Sit the corner of Liver pool and Elizabeth streets has now been re stored. A picturesquo contcert was given In the Central-hall, Darling- street, Balmain, on Wednesday evening, before an audience numbering nearly TDOO persons. The pro gramme embraced limelight lantern views, Illustrating "Marley's Ghost" and "Ten Nights In a Bar-room," oxhlbited by the Rev. William Stewicrt, with descriptive readings by Mr. John Watson. The musi cal numbers were contributed by Mrs. Lane, Miss Manning, Mossrs. Allum and E. Lane, the accompanihnents being supplied by Mesdames Craven and Allum. Mr. Charles Arnold is playing a fare- woll tour with his comndy company in the suburbs and country districts. To-night "Hans the Boatman," In which Mr. Ar nold's Hans is an Impersonation of almost world-wide fame, will be played at Manly, and to- morrow night the play, .will be pro duced at Parramatta. 