THE MAHATMA HOAX. Writing on the recent exposure of the great Mabatma Hoax, tbc World says : — ' Tbe moral of the whole sorry business is by no means an agreeable one to contem plate. Not for the first time wc are con fronted with an absolute disproof of the comfortable theory that a readiness to be imposed upon by a plausible dealer in metaphysical quackery is the peculiar weakness of vulgar minds. This theosophy seems to have made no impression whatever beyond tbc ranks of educated people. It is not a ' religion' which has commended itself to the masses, who know nothing about it, and care less. The whole movement, with the copious discredit attaching to it, lies at the door of persons who belong, in the language of the police reporter, to 'a superior station of life,* and who ought now, in the same picturesque phraseology, to feci their position actutely. It seems to be con eidcrcdj that credulity, like vice in the estimation of Edward Burke, loses half its evil by losing all its grossness. We have still uothing but contemptuous pity for the maid-servant who crossed tbc gipsy's grimy palm with a piece of her hard- earned silver, and no reward but the gaol for tbc unkempt soothsayer who casts her horoscope at the area-gate. Yet, above-stairs, the flourishing practitioners of more elaborate forms of pseudo-mystical jugglery were welcomed with open arms, and the Homes, the Slades, and the Blavatskys achieve many more conquests in the salon and the library than doos the peripatetic Zinganinher hnmbler sphere of operations. It all goes to prove that civilisation, even lo this time of day, is powerless to stifle that innate craving after tbc mysterious aud the uncanny which has still power to bind intellectand culture to the chariot'whcels of blatant imposture. We hear a good deal about the materialism of the age, the decay of superstition, the growth of a prosaic and hard-shelled c\ niclsm in our midst. Yet there was, perhaps, never a time when the purveyors of all varieties of fantastic anl unorthodox supernaturalism commanded more attention or attracted more interest. «The traders in 4 occultism' appeal to a passion which will never be extinguished while human nature remains what is it. Credulity, in soma shape or other, will survive to he played upon till tbe end of the chapter, even as it has existed from the beginning. The Mahatmas may follow the 4mcdiums ' into a limbo of detected frauds ; but new mystical impostures will still arise and flourish, for new dupes and devotees will have it so. These pitiful exposures suggest a doubt whether, after alt, we are so very much better and wiser than our ghost-fearing and witch-hunting fore* fathers. At an auction sale in London recently £100 was paid for an old postage stamp, a ' Balcn, first issue 9k green, error of color.' A mint proof Victoria Jubilee medal sold for 10 guineas. The catacombs of Syracuse, in Sicily' form a great subterranean town, with num berless tombs cut out of solid rock. D^ad of all ages, from those of the Greek in' vaslon to those of last yearI are there interred, 