Mr Patrick Daly in Melbourne. A CURIOUS EPISODE. Mr Patrick Daly, formerly a very well-known resident of Gordon, at one time proprietor of the Gordon Advertiser, anil now secretary to'the Licensed Victuallers' Association, apppired at the Oxford Theatre, Melbourne, on Sunday evening, for the purpose of entering the lists to champion the cause of the VictOiiun barmaid. At the recent conference of the Victorian Allianci', tlm question of the emploj. inent of barm <i<li in hot"ls was discussed, ami llio Rev. A. R. Edgar, who opened the debate, quoted some strong statements from the report' of the Royal Commission on Shops, which sat some yearn ago in this city. Mi- Daly interpreted Mr Edgar's remarks to be as he expressed it in his advertisements, a " slanderous attack on barmaids," and claiming a considerable knowledge of barmaids, he felt bound to deliver himself of a defence of them. His qualifications Were explained by himself, in his opening remarks. In fact, he said, " 1 have been in at least two-thirds of the hotels in Victoria, and I have made love on occasion to barmaids, and if M'. Edgar can come upon this platform, and say he has an equal knowledge of these people I will believe he is speakiug the truth." At the dine these words were uttered, Mr Edgar was not in the theatre. Consequently be could not at that moment give the audience the benefit of bis own special knowledge of barmaids. And when, subsequently, be did put in an appearance, he certainly did not challenge Mr Daly upon the ground of superior knowledge of barmaids, derived from making love to them. Whether his ignorauce on this score was bliss he did not state, but doubtless he would consider it folly to be wise. Mr Daly had succeeded in securing the presence of Cr James Maloney as bis chairmau. It was providential for bim, as it turned out, that he bad the benefit of the ready tact and courtesy of such a gentleman. Mr Duly bad attired himself for the occasion. He wore a boiled shirt, with a diamond stud gleaming in the middle of it, an eveuing dress suit, carried a bundle of papers of imposiug appearauce, and looked in every way a young man in whom a barmaid might have unlimited confidence. He started very well, after Mr Maloney bad introduced bim i.i a few kindly remarks. He read extracts from the report to which reference was made at the Alliance meeting, and was interspersing comments of his own as he went along. Apparently he was self- possessed aud confident of his case. But when he had been going smoothly for about a quarter of an hour a singular thing happened. A burst of cheering broke from a large section of the meeting, and all eyes became concentrated on the door what is technically know as the O.P. side of the theatre, near the stage. Through that door bad marched a tall figure. It came silently. Its entrance was like that of the figure in Hnuiet, at the point in A;t I., at which the stage direction says :— Enter ghost. The face of the figure was pale, but its clothes were black. It bowed in response to the cheers, and then quietly made its way across the front of the theatre towards the stairs leading to the stage. But it wasn't a ghost. In fact, the. figure was that of the Rev. A. R. Edgar, who had come to hear what was to be said about himself. Mr Daly went on quoting bits from the report for a few minutes longer, then something was evidently amiss, for the speaker hesitated, stopped, spoke to the chairman, and sat down ! The audience was amazed. Cries of " Go on !" were raised. But Mr Daly leaned his head on his hands and made no sign. Then Mr Maloney got up and explained the situation. " A very unpleasant duty devolves upon me," he said. " I have to an- nounce the breakdown of the lecturer. (Laughter.) Oh, it isn't a matter for laughter. Mr Daly is far from well, and unfortunately he now has to stop. This is a matter to which he has paid great attention; in fact I think he has been working too hard about it lately. He is now quite unable to go on !" It looked as though the meeting were going to end prematurely. But at this point, Mr Edgar walked on to the platform, and said that he should like to say a few words. The audience cheered approval. Mr Maloney said that he shouM be happy to continue in the chair for Mr Edgar, " who," he said, desires I am sure in a Christian-like and gentlemanly way to make a few remarks. For my own part I am cosmopolitan enough to be desi-ous of bearing what he has to say." The audience cheered again, and Mr Edgar proceeded. He said that be was not going to take advantage of a sick man, and consequently he should not say all he intended to say. But he did desire to say with reference to the advertisements " that he had never made any slanderous remarks about barmaids iu all the days of his life." (Cheers). What he did do, he explained, was to take the report of the Shops Commission and read extracts from it with regard to the employment of barmaids iu hotels, the excessively long hours many of them have to work, and the evil influences surrounding them. He went on to say that during his work as a Minister, amougst the lowest class of the community, he had learned mcch in connection with the unfortunate girlls, and had known that many of them had served some time or other in some hotel. Mr Ellgar's explanation, together with bis fervently spoken protest ugainst the long hours which many harmnidB have to work, was listened to with the keenest attentoiu^-: and the audience echoed his wish that at some future time M.r Daly and he should meet and thrash out the whole subject publicly,— Berd-d. 