OS THE TRIPLE MYSTERY Wi Story h mitten from exhaustive JMmraaSt from tin/ diary tf Chief Icapeotor BryuM, of the 2fow York Foiioe. CHA.PTEB XXXV. doxtblt dinoottohd. As won si they were inthe library, Nick Mid »larply~" "Now, Ohiok, answer promptly and rapidly/* "Yesj whatlsit?" " Ho? long had'you been waiting in the hall-way far me when X arrived f" "Two hoars, hauly.**?" "Who went up the stairs while yon Waited theiref "Downs." " Willi whol" "Very few whom I know. They were ladies." "Did yon see anybody who answers to the /description of that poor girl up atalriT' "No; I By Jove I" "Ehf What?" " I wonder if it oonld have bean she I" "Beenwhof" . "9Se sawing girL" "Eh ? What of it t" "About anhonr before you cams, a woman with alongblaok wrap on her shoulders and a Suck Veil over her face mmetothedoor." - • "Wellf "The butierwaathero and at first was notgolngto lether in." "Ahl WeUr "I heard her eay ehe had seme, sewing for HissEtheL Then the bntler bale her wait while he went and fomd his young "Did he.find her 1" " Isuppoee so. He came back preeently asd jbold the girl ahe oonld go on upstairs. SHe wentas though she knew her. way, and thenl-forgotallabontheir.1' . " Did yon see her go away again t" . " Yea ; that Is Z thought I did." "Whanf" "Aboutttn minutes before yon came .'* "Lookedlike the same one^ eh t" "Yes." ? " Now, what were you Selling me abont Ethel, and what do yon m>aa by all that talk about herlhtenaed flight, ehf " Do you remember the ring I atole from Navarro f " Confound the ring! I——" "She has it," ""What!" —*£he~nairl£rsroBe liH it. ■ i saw her with it in her hand today, and she had been crying." " Well? "—impatiently. " To-night, in the early part of the evening, she was alone in the library with Doctor Jerome. The eight of the ring had made me suspicions, so I got where I could hear what was said " '• Between her and Jerome 1" •'Yes." "Wellf " "Ididnt hear the first part oftheir eon* venation, but the first words "■%. did hear, made me open my ears wide." v " What were they f "I heard Jerome say. 'Ethel, there is no use jn mwcong words. You killed Bray ton Eussalll It was your hand Ahat struck him down, and I know it I' " * No, no. no!' she cried; and then he' went close to her and half whispered— "' Nobody knows or suspects it save our selvee; nobody ewer shall, if yon listen to me/" "Andtheu " She <miy moaned and rooked to ui fro in the seat where she sat. If she wai ■ not guilty, ahe took a mighty strange waj of showing her iunooenoe." 'Homphj Go on." " When ahe did not answer he went ye Sesrer to her. "'Listen/ he said. 'When yon kno' how much I know about that night, yo will be convinced that there is no eafet •or you except through me!' "'6' 1 leave me 1' she said. "'Not yet, Ethel,* he replied. 'Hea me out* •"Again she *« silent and he eon tinned— "'It was your stiletto which killed hin Yen went to his apartments that evenin —yon saw and talked with him j nobod saw him afterward, alive. Yon have no' in your possession, the very ring that h wore so long upon bis watch-chain, and have letters in my possession, letters whic prove that you were his—' "He got no further, for ahe leaped i her feet and turned upon *<w i,in> «Stop!' she cried. "He did stop, for eyes were blazli anger and she held a pistol in her ban and it was pointing straight at bim "'Oowiar she said, "if yon dare ' finish that sentence it will not be oi murder, but two, for wbibh I will star accused!' "He laughed uneasily. " Then suddenly he seemed to forget h own danger, for he gave a sadden lei forward and tore the pistol from hi gnep "'By Heaven 1' be cried,'yon shallhei me 1 you shall f* " Wellf she mil "I will nse no more arguments} I wi make no more effers.^ Yon shall have uni to-morrow evening to decide. I want yc for my wife; yon shall be mine! Yc shall! " She was eaTm then. " * And if I refuse f ahe naked. "' You dare not zefnse 1' "•Bntif I dof "He seemed to become enraged by hi coolness. He jumped forward and seize her wrist. "' If you dare to refuse and to defy a longer/ he cried,41 will denounce you f< what yon are—a murderess.* " Then as if afraid to trust himse farther, he turned and left the room." "What did yon do f asked Nick. " I remained where I was, watching hi after he had gone." "What did she do t" "Nothing. She stood there for seven minutes, as though she bad tuned tosfcon Then she heaved a sigh that aim of brought tears to my eyes, and slowly lei the apartment." "Ah I" " But that is sot alL" " Not all! What more f " I was about to leave my hiding-p'ac and follow her, when the curtains at tb windows moved and Eunice Gray th elder sister, staggered out from betin them. " She was as white as a ghost, and sh trembled like with an ague. "At firat I thought she was going i taint, hut presently she recovered an dropped into a chair. " She did sot star a round, but ah burled her face in her hands and remains absolutely motionless for si* or elgb stim4ee> " I did not data to move, for fear cf betraying my presence, eo I waited until Eunice rose and passed oat of the room. Tien I followed." " Where did she go to f" " To.her own room." " Where iB that?" " Directly opposite Ethel's." "Well, what then!" "I heard her lock the door, and then I went back down stairs. I peeped into the ball-room and eaw Ethel dancing^ with Paul Cobden, and laughing and talking as though nothing had happened-". . "Humph!" " Then. I began to -watch for yon. for I did oot know what to do." "Well?" "Nothing happened then, until the eewing woman came. I remained in the hall for the triple purpose of keeping an eye 011 Ethel's movements, on Eonioe, and waiting for yon." "Goon. What next P" "The sewing girl had barely had time to reach Ethel's room and to close the door behind her, when Enniee came down." "Ah!" " She went directly to the ball-room and in a moment reappeared, followed by Ethel. Then they went to the library together. " Again the library, eh f" "Tea." " Well f" "I followed them, determined to hear what ins said, it I could, and also to keep a watch on the door for yon." "WeUP" : "There wasn't mnch to hear, and yet there was a good deal. Neither of the girls sat down." "Ah J" " As soon us they entered the library, Eunice wheeled round and Bsid—> " ' E -hel, by an accident, 1 overheard everything that was said between you and Doctor Jerome in this roc m, to-night._ 1 also will give you until to- morrow evening befere I denounce yon $ but. I say, yotu only safety lies in flight. Never let me see your face again—never 1" Then she turned and started toward the dbsr. 