CURRENT TOPICS. A peculiar case was investigated by the Police Magistrate on Thursday at the local police court. W. Corcoran, who resides at Neereman, left his house in July to attend to his work. Not feeling well he returned home and found a man named Martin O'Dea in his room. Corcoran was astonished and asked O'Dea what he was doing ; the latter replied that he had come across to see him and have a chat, and said the door was unlocked. The explanation was considered satisfactory by Corcoran, who allowed O'Dea to remain for some time in the house, aud eventually permitted him to stay for the night. The following morning O'Dea had breakfast and then left to go to Mr Mullin's as he said " to drive sheep." The next morning, Corcoran" missed a'-.quantity of ^wearing apparel, and on searching the house found that the window had been smashed in by the aid of an axe. Corcoran gave inforoiation to the police. O'Dea was traced to Laanecoorie and Eddington, and was eventually arrested at Bendigo on a charge of larceny. Among the articles stolen were tobacoo, an axe and two wooden pipes. The prisoner accounted for the tobacco he had in bis possession by saying it was given to him. The evidence was not considered sufficiently strong to convict the prisoner, who wasdischaiged. The Government has sent a communication to Washington asking the U.S." Government"to appoint a tobacco to visit the cdlony and afford general information on the important ubject of growing and treating obacco. The competition road v. railwaytill continues, no less than ten carriers eing on the road-between Maldon^ astlemaine and Melbourne. So long s • the existing anomalies exist. so ong will the competition .continue: A short time since a resident of this own asked at the Traffic Department he cost of .carrying two tons of various rticles, and was told as a-concession he charge would be £9 10s. A arrier brought the goods up for £3! - At the Warden's Court on Thursday the Crown Reef Company proceeded against G. Hughes for trespass, and Mr Best, on behalf of the company, applied for an order declaring that Hughes had trespassed, and also that the registration in Hughes' favoi of a residence area cancelled. It was elicited in evidence that in 1891 Mr C. Smith bought the buildings and machinery on the mine. Hughes at the time occupied the place, but notice was given him, it was alleged, to quit by the 30th of May last. After further evidence Mr Best obtained an adjournment in order that information may be given as to what the Sheriff did sell, whether the buildings were included in the sale. The company had to pay L2 3s 6d costs. Mr. W. Seedsman, who was defeated for the Maldon Biding on Thursday, was yesterday asked to oppose Cr. Dennis in the Baringhup Riding. Mr. Seedsman declined to accede to the request expressing at the same time the hope that Cr Dennis would have an unopposed return. The Roman Catholic concert which takes place on .Wednesday next promises to be very" successful. The programme is a vexy Jarge and varied one, and contains, the names of Bendigo, Kyneton, Castlemaine, Daylesford and 4bcal talent. The brass band will play selections in front of the Masonic Hall before the concert commences, and afterwards, play the opening " overture. . . Through an oversight Mr. Tucker's name was ommitted from the programme. We are informed that he will sing two new humorous songs on the occasion. The Rev. Father Murphy will preside. The concert will be followed by the usual dance in the Shire HalL Mr Higgins, M.L.A, has given notice of his intention to move on Wednesday next, that in the opinion of this House it is desirable to establish in connection with the Department of Trades and Customs an advising Board, whose functions shall be to watch the operation of the Duties of Customs and Excise and the effect thereof on industries : to collect information ; to consider proposals for alterations, exemptions, and new duties, and to suggest improvements ; and to make reports to Parliament. Yesterday some shearers from the Western district passed through Maldon on their way to New South Wales for the shearing season.. They stated that the season would be a "quiet one," and that consequently, the shearers would make money. A meeting was held iu the Presbyterian Church to discuss, in an .informal way, a proposal to form a society, representative of the various churches, to take up united work of ail undenominational character. There were present—the Revs. R. W. Cooke, M.A., T. Robertson, M. Bullas and J. Freeaian,- and Mr. Sisely. The possible scope uf such a society was talked of from a distinctly religious, a quasi-religious and a secular aspect, but no decisinn was arrived at. Various initial difficulties likejty to be met with were mentioned. It was decided to call a further meeting, of all who are interested in the proposal for Monday nisht next, in the Presbyterian Church at 8 o'clock, when it is desired that there shall be a good gathering representative of all denominations. At this meeting, if practicable, matters of detail will be decided, and an effort made to successfully launch an undertaking that should be far reaching in its beneficial character. In the dark hours of a recent Sunday morning, says the Hobart (Tas.) " Mercury," a young man was wending his way homewards past the disused burial-ground in Campbell-street, when he saw a tall, white-robed figure stalking among the tombe. He did not run away, but went for " the ghost, only to find it was a young woman in her robe de chambre, and in a sound sleep 1 While meditating as to what was to be done he was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asEed bin) his business fn a rather gruff sort of way. Explauations followed, and it came o&t; that the ghostly-looking figure was the wife of a respectable artisan, who, missing her from his side, rose from his bed and went to look for her, and found her wandering in the gloomy necropolis. • Thursday was a day of excitement throughout the entire colony. On that day the anuual election of councillors, of representatives to serve in the various local parliaments took place. As usual, there was inucli excitement, especially in the larger towns, and there were also disappointments and surprises. Old councillors who have cheerfully given their valuable time without fee or reward being displaced, aud new and untried meu elected in their stead. In young democratic Victoria the peculiar, and inexplicable seotimect obtains that Ions service is rather a disqualification than a qualification and that experience is -worth nothing. Happily a majority of ratepayers entertain better sentiments and, taking the elections as a whole, the result must be regarded as satisfactory, A very painful accident, writes our correspondent, occurred at Laanecuorie on Sunday. A son of Mr Lyons, only G years old, ran in front of a horse ridden by an elder brother, was knocked down and trampled .on, with the result that his thigh was badly broken. The little sufferer was. removed as speedily as possible to the Dnnolly hospital where he was attended by D. YVolfenden, and is progressing most satisfactorily. Mr W. Ball, F.R.M.S., dental surgeon, will visit Maldon on Tuesday next, and may b? consulted at Mr Gunnell's chemist shop, as usual, from 10 a.m till 4 p.m. At the annual meeting of the Mount Alexander Agricultural Society on Wednesday when a veiy satisfactory balance-sheet was presented showing a credit balance of £19, Mr. J. Newman was re-elected president. The date of the spring show was fixed for the 24th October. Those who complain of bad roads ought to live in that delightful country which is engaging a good deal of attentiou just now called ChitraL In one particular district .the public highway was only wide enough to allow camels to paBS in Indian file, y When one of the animals died on the road traffic was stopped until the beast was blown up. f Those -who intend cultivating flax and claiming the bonus are, expected to notify the Government by the eud of the" current month. There is a good local market for all the fibre that cau ba growu in the colony. c y B o d B The Tantanoola tiger has been discovered at last. After wauderiug all over Australia, travelling at the rate of 100 miles ati hour, and scaring the lives out of hundreds j>f people the animal returned to the solitudes of Mount Gambier and was, on Wednesday afternoon, caught in the act of worrying a flock of sheep and shot dead. But the tiger -has undergone an extraordinary metamorphosis. and is now declared to be "a Russian wolf 1 No such animals have ever been seen in Australia, and the Mount Gambier people are asking the question of everybody, " How did he get here Evidently very little interest was taken in the country districts over the election for auditor. The returns were comparatively small. Mr Brouijhall polled well ill the. town, and ran Mr Davison close ; but in the country the latter gentleman obtained a fair!} substantial majority. The extension of the hours of polling was pretty freely discussed oil Thursday during the progress of the election. Many of the miners expressed the opinion that at least another hour should be given before closing It was stated that though shifts changed at 3 o'clock it was qfteu after half-past three before lh-* last man lefttlie mines, which gave very little time to reach the poll by 4 o'clock. The heavy polling recorded in the contest for the Maldun Riding showed most conclusively that closing at 4 o'clock prevented f«w from recording their votes. The argument on the other side that an extension of time »would income -cases result in a long knight sitting of the officers and others on election days is worthy of some consideration. The contest for the' vacaut seat in the Maldon Riding on Thursday was marked by the most complete orderliness. The .supporters of the two candidates, though working hard to gain a victory were on the most friendly terms not a single instance ol manifestation of ill-feeling occurring throughout the day. The result of the poll was a surprise to many, the opinion being largely entertained that the voting would bu in favor of the local candidate. The uncertainty of elections however was again demonstrated by the victoiy of Mr, Moss by a majority of 47 votes over Mr. Seedsman, the retiring councillor. Mr P. Campbell, son of Mr J. R. Campbell, shire engineer of this town, having been removed from Somerville railway station to Coalville, was the recipient of a complimentary social on tbe eve of bis departure, the following account of which we take from the " Dandenong Advertiser " :—" Mr Peter Campbell, the popular porter and captain of the Somerville Football Cluh, has been removed to tbe Coalville railway station on the Gippsland line. Mr Campbell has during his stay iu our midst proved himself worthy of onr esteem through the obliging manner in which he executed his duties, and also by his athletic prowess. A complimentary social bad be«n arranged for a send-off for him ou Tuesday last, but receiving orders from the department he had to leave on Saturday. His comrades, however, decided to hold the entertainment and make him a presen tation which would remind him of the Somerrille district un.i bis old acquaintances. The social was held on Tuesday evening last, and notwithstanding the threatening weather there was a good attendance, visitors being present from all the surrounding districts. Tbe ball had been tastefully decorated for the all important event, and the hero of the hour should consider himself honored in having such a large number of adfnirers of bis athletic powers. The promoter (Mr. Chas. C≪&uan;) and his committee executed their work well, and their efforts to please met with the warm approval of all. A welcome fall of rain set in on Thursday and continued at intervals through the night. Our correspondents in the various districts forward similar news, so that there will be much rejoicing among farmers nnd graziers. It is too late to be of vast service, but injtime to help both crops and grass. Attention is directed to the stud notices advertised by Mr J. OKeeffe on our fourth page having reference to his wcll-kuown horses, Beaver and Terrific. Thomas Fitzgerald, a miner, residing near Forbes (Q.), committed suicide in a peculiar fashion on Saturday. He placed a sapling across the mouth of a shaft, fastened a rope to it, knotted the other eud round his neck and jumped down the shaft, dislocating his neck. The proprietor of a country journal had bad many promises of payment from a certain subscriber, who was in a near, and meeting him one day was told—" I'm sorry that I neglected that little matter, but I'll let you haue it this week if I live." He didn't pay, and was surprised to see in the next issue a notice of nis death 'with a black border, and manl expressions of regret at the untimely loss of so estimable a citizen. He called at the office afterwards, much to tho editor's surdrise, who of course, thought, or professed to think, that he was defunct. He paid up his anears and 12 months in advance. Mr John A. Ljall, who visited Maldon some months since, aud in his capacity as captain of the Launceston fire brigade aiadea brief speech at a gathering of the local brigade at the Kangaroo hotel, has been acquitted of the charge of forgery preferred against him in cornectioti with the celebrated West Volunteer mine. Mr Lyall, who has always borne a reputation for honesty and straight going, should never have been committed for trial. So weak was the evidence that the Crown Prosecutor, after the chief witness had given his evidence, had a nolle prosequi entered, and Mr Lyall received the congratulations of his many friends. The annnal show of the Sheepbreeders Association held this week was a great success, both in point of attendance, number of cxhibits^aud^quality of stock shown. The principal'prize-takers "Were Messrs Caughey, Dowling, & Sons, Russell, Bailey & Wynne, Gibson & Baker. His Excellency, the Acting- Governor, visited the show on Thursday, and delivered a aouple of his characteristic speeches, in the course of which he declared sheep-breeding to be the staple industry of the colony. An anonymoos datoor has sent cheque for £225 to the " Areus" for distribution among the charities, the principal amount, £50, falling to the Eldorado relief fund. We understand that Mr J. J. Wilson, the well-known expert in flax culture, has' signified his intention of visiting Maldon and district to deliver a series of lectures at any time the committee of the agricultural society may deem best. ° Though the supplies of milk at the variuus butter factories were never so light, the first shipment of butter this season to London will leave next week. It is expected thet 500 tons will be sent next month, aDd 1000 tonB in October. . The firat twenty votes counted in the for the Maldon Riding seat were equally divided—10 for Mosa and 10 for Seedsman. The voting rom that point to the end was in .favor -of Mr. Moss. The members of the Presbyterian Church have decided to hold their jinuat tea and public . meeting on Wednesay, September 25th, in the Library Hall. aringhup. g p i w t f o w p v " ṗ" p t t P R On Wednesday Mr T. B." Davison sold the late Mr S. Kellaway's residence and allotment "of land, at Eaglchawk, by public auction to Mr A. Grigg for £90. Yesterday the same auctioneer disposed of the residence of the late Mr Bell's, Parkins Reef road, to Mr F. Dabb for L300. Shearing is vigorously proceeding in New South Wales. At Welbow Station they commenced shearing 90.000 sheep at£l a" hundred under a verbal agreement ; rouseabouts, 7s a day with full board. Fverything is quiet. ,,Breeding ewes are very - weak. There have been very heavy losses of lambs and ewes owing to the want'of grass. Glengallow rauis averaged 161b of wool. The first teams have leftrwith 63 bales of wool for Sydney. Coppytnurautubilla commenced shearing on the 12th, and have 60,000 to put through. The sheep are very weak. The price pud to shearers is 20-<, verbal agreement. Midkin is in full operation. The rams' fleece this season averaged 1741b of wool. An extraordinary course was taken by Councillor Philp. one of the returning officers, at Warnambool. A poll was being taken for the election of local auditors, and there.'was a polling booth in each of the four wards. Many ratepayers had votes in. two or three wards, aud their names appeared on the roll. \Vbeh tbey entered the Hopkins Ward booth Councillor Philp inquired whether they had already voted in any other ward, and on receiving a reply in the affirmative he refused to supply them with ballot- papers. ' This is Iik5y to canse serious ' complications. For .instance,. a ntepayci who had oneTvpte ohly for the. Victoria Ward and. three for the Hopkins, was only permitted to .give -one vote, because he happened to record it first. Several person", however, succeeded in voting in tbe several wards. They accomplished this,by first visiting the Hopkins Ward booth, being thus in a position to answer Councillor Philp's question in the negative. They then recorded their votes in the remaining booths, as the other returning officer? did not adopt the course puraaed by Councillor Philp. A special service is announced for Sunday evening in the Presbyterian Church. Al'out a month ago the Rev. T. Robertson lectured on " Falsehood and Truth, with anecdotes and illustrations," and to-morrow evening he is to treat the companion subject of " Honour and Honesty." The same subject is announced for Baringhup in the afternoon. Mr Alf. Meyer, who for some time was engaged in the service of Messrs Dabb & Co., of this town, is about to return to Western Australia, having been appointed a traveller for the Mutual Stores atCoolgardie, a position he held for a time when in tbe western colony recently. Two important sales of city properties took place in Melbourne on Thursday. The warehou-e of Lincoln, Stuart & Co.. in Flinders Street, with a frontage of 25 feet 8 inches, was sold at anction for £24,000. Another warehouse, in Flinders Lane, was knocked down for £23,123. The latter property was submitted on behalf of the Metropolitan Bank (in liquidation), and the deposit receipts of the institution were accepted in payment at their face value. 