THE FATAL HANDKERCHIEF, j ';Woll| yesjj' \ said |myidid friend, ex-Ina'pWlor Brifesell, we sat one night talking over our tobacco ; ' yes, it's surprising what a little thing will ; sometimes cause a man in hiding to } be discovered. Some little act of j carMesmess: will sometimes ' give him j away,' however cool a hand he may j be. I could tell you of many such instances, but one in particular will always be uppermost in my memory, because it gave me a good lift in the service soon after I had become a ' plain clothes man.' Perhaps you would like to hear it ?' As Brissell's stories wete always interesting, I was more than willing to hear his tale, which I now repeat, as nearly as I can remember, in his own words : — ' It was, as I said, soon after I had taken to plain clothes. There had been a murder committed at East beach — then a rather quiet little watering place, although it has now grown to a fashionable resort. It was a murder of a very brutal kind. A young' woman had beeu found dead, dreadfully disfigured by blows on the head and face. At first there was no clue whatever to the murderer ; but on her body being recognised by her mother, a poor needlewoman in the East-end of London, it was ascer tained that she had been keeping com pany with a Mr. Billington, a man in a somewhat good position as an iron agent iu the City. This gentleman was, of course, immediately looked after, but he was missing. TVherever he got the scent from I could never learn, but it is certain that on the very day the police got hold of his name he disappeared — disappeared entirely, as if he had been swallowed up, no trace of him at all being found. ' The inquest was held, and it was proved that a man resembling Billing ton had been to see the poor girl at Eastbeach on the Friday as her dead body was found ou the Saturday. The landlady where she lodged said the deceased had told her a friend was coming to visit her, and the landlady | had afterwards seen her, from the window, walking with a man on the sea-front. On being shown Billing ton's photograph she declared it was the same man ; and, although the evidence was slight, it was considered by the coroner and the jury, coupled with the fact of Billington having absconded, to be sufficient, and they brought in a verdict of wilful murder against him. ' You may be sure there was a hue and cry after Billington. His photo graph was sent all over the country, and the Treasury offered £100 reward, but all to no effect. There was not the slightest trace of the man, and, when four or five weeks had elapsed, he was still at large. ' I was then only an under-strapper, and the case was, of course, in other hands ; but, like all the rest, I was greatly interested and kept my eyes wide open, and I had frequent talks with my wife about it. Wo had only been married a short time then, and as there was only our two selves I often used to amuse her with gossip on the cases going on, till at last she got quite eager to know the latest details, and argued and surmised like an old detective. ' Well, nothing turned up, and they had well nigh given up the heat of the chase, when Susan (that's Mrs. Bvissell, you know) went to Beddering to see her sister Ellen. Beddering's a quiet little town in ? shire — about 3000 or 4000 inhabitants, I should say — and her sister lived there with her husband, who was a farming chap and but poorly off. ' Susan started on a Monday morning. I saw her off at the Great Eastern Station, and I heard no more of her till nearly the end of the week, when I was surprised to get a letter from her, in which she said scarcely anything about herself, but asked me if I could send her one of Billington's photographs and tell her his full Christian names. I always try to please the wife if I can, so 1 managed to get a photo, and sent it to her by the next mail, with his name in full — Ebenezer Benjamin Billington — though, as I told her in my letter, what on earth she wanted it for I couldn't imagine, and I thought she must have got too lonely-like in the country, and been thinking too much. ''The next thing I received from her was a telegram : ' Come down at once. B. is here.' ' - Well,' thought I, ' what am I to do? Susan's no fool. She thinks she's got bold of something, but I can hardly go to head-quarters with this. If she's wrong— as ten to one she is — I shall make a fool of myself. On the other hand, if she's right, I mustn't miss the chance. Besides, if I go to head-quarters Inspector Snappitt will get instructions, and if the fellow's caught he'll get all the credit too.' So I determined to say that I'd had a telegram from my wife, and thought something was wrong, and ' might I have a couple of days ? ' Nothing very urgent was on just then, and I got leave without trouble. I knew that if 1 spotted Billington I could take him without a warrant, so I cared nothing about that, and I started off pell-mell for Beddering by the next train. ' When I got there I found Susan at the station, all right but very ex cited, and at firet I could make neither head nor tailof her statement, except one thing, and that was that a man, whom she thought was Billington, was lodging over an ironmonger's shop in Church-street, where they some times let apartments to any stray stranger requiring them. ' I got her home to her sister's and settled her down quiet, and this was j her tale: Her sister's husband was very poorly paid, and she was glad to add a few shillings now and again, by washing or doing odd jobs for families in town, and she sometimes had wash ingfromMrs. Cranks, the ironmonger's wife. For the last three or four weeks there had been a gentleman-lodger (a Mr. HaimerLng) staying at Mrs. Cranks', and Us washing had been 'sent to Ellen. 'Now, there was nothing at all extraordinary in all this, and if it had not been for Susan going to see Ellen nothing wouldhave transpired. Susan had, of course, nothing to occupy her self with, so she must needs help Ellen iron up Mr. Mannering's things, and amongst them was a pocket hand kerchief which attracted her notice. It had two different markings on it. Like all the other articles, it was marked in black marking-ink, ' T. J. M.' (standing, I suppose, for ' T. J. Mannering '), but it also had a mark, ' E. B. B.' in another corner in very faint blue thread. ~ ' 'Well, my dear,' said I, 'there's not much in that. Mr. Mannering may have exchanged handkerchiefs in some way with someone having the initials 'E. B. B.,' but I'll go and have a look at him.' 'Then Susan told me that she had seen Mr. Mannering,' although it wa3 very difficult to get a sight of him, as he was a confirmed invalid and rarely went out, but she had seen him by connivance of Mrs. Cranks' servant, and lo her mind, he was not Manner ing at all, but Billington. He agreed in height and build, but had no whiskers or moustache as Billington had and he wore blue spectacles, as his eyes were, as he reported, very weak. He had come to Beddering expecting to find an old friend — a Mr. Cockerton — who, however, had died, and he was so ill that he determined to stay awhile aud recruit himself. 'I next got a look at 'Mannering's' linen. It was nearly all new except a shirt, a collar, and 'the handkerchief which Susan had 'spotted,' and, on examining the shirt, I faucicd I could detect little holes where a thread marking had been picked out, but I was not certain. I was now getting verv suspicious, and went to try and get a look at him but was unable. I, however, made inquiries as to his supposed friend, and found that, apparently, he was alright on that point ; there had beeu a grocer named Cockerton in the High-street, but he had died some three years ago. ' It was getting towards night, and I arranged with Susau aud Elleu to go out as if for a walk. We called on Mrs. Cranks' servant, and I was introduced as Susan's husband — ' come down to see her, you know.' We sat chatting in the kitchen for a time, when Martha (that was the servant) had to answer Mr. Man nering's bell. She came down again directly and said he was going for a walk, as it was a fine night. I tipped the wink to Susan and said I thought I'd take a stroll, as it was very warm in the kitchen, and I slipped out and waited about on the opposite side of the way till he came out. ' I had dressed myself in a countri fied sort of suit with soft felt hat and gaiters, so, although he looked across at me, he took no apparent notice, but I had a good liok at him. Cer tainly, he was like the man wanted, in height and build, but he was darker than Billington was described to be, and looked much older, and walked slowly with a stick, as if weak. I watched him, following Tiiui at a safe distance, and noticed he was fre quently stopping and looking round. This might be taken by some to be for want of breath, but I thought he was anxious to see who was behind, and I became now doubly suspicious and was fairly roused. He went to tlie post-office and returned straight to his lodgings very slowly, stopping every no-v md then as before. I kept well behind, and returned to the kitchen some ten minutes afterwarks. ' My next move was to get a sight of his belongings, but this was diffi cult without letting the servant know the state of the case, and I was not ready for a fuss yet. However Mr. and Mrs. Cranks had gone out, and Mannering retired to his bedroom at nine o'clock ; so I turned the conversa tion on the house, and the size of the rooms, and so forth. Susan, seeing my drift, said she would like to look at the sitting room, and, Martha i)ot objecting, we all went quietly upstairs. There was hardly anything of the lodger's about except a few books. He slept on the next floor, and had most of his things in his bedroom. I took up a few books . one after the other, and with a show of carelessness turned the pages over, but I noticed every fly-leaf was torn out. I next took an old map, which was mounted and folded in a cover case. On the front of this apiece of paper had been neatly pasted, and the name T. J. Mannering written in violet ink. I didn't want to make a scene, but I managed while the women were in the corner of the room, to get the map up to the lamp, and on looking closely I could see a name which had been written under the pasted sheet. I could trace a first letter looking like an ' E,' and could clearly make out a ' B' and a name beginning with another ' B' about the length of 'Billington.' This was enough for me: I felt tolerably sure I had the man, but he himself soon convinced me. ' Whether he heard us in his room or whether he had only came down stairs for something, I don't know, but he suddenly appeared at the room door in his dressing gown and slippers, and when he saw us he first went very red and then pale as a ghost. I bowed and made for the door, and Martha gasped out that she was only showing her friends over the house. I suppose he thought it was all right, for he then walked into the room and turned rather angrily, saying that it was a great piece of impertinence, and he should speak to Mrs. Cranks about it in the morning. All this time I stood at the door looking full at him, and I thought I could make out Billington's features (they were of rather a common type — nothing exceptionally striking about them) and I could see that his hair and eyebrows were dyed. He was described as having a peculiar twitch of the mouth when he smiled, so I was desirous of makiDg ' Mr. Mannering' smile. I,' therefore, spoke very humbly and pleasantly, saying that no offence had been meant, that we' were only looking round,' a.nd that I was very sorry and trusted he would - overlook it, and Bay nothing about it. This got him into a good humor again, and he said : ' Well, well ! I suppose it was so. I don't want to make mischief for Martha.' He turned to Martha, who was by my side, and smiled as he said this, and, sure enough, there was the twitch. Then I was sure, quite sure, and bidding him ' Good evening,' I went off to make arrangements for his arrest. j ' I next visited the local police station and explained matters to the inspector, who returned with me to the house. Leaving a constable down stairs, we both went up to ' Mr. Man nering's ' room, where we found him reading over a pipe. 'Ohl Mr. Bil lington, I have come back,' said I, on entering. He turned quickly and made a spring for the door like a vigorous man as he was, but wo had him fast, and I clapped the handcuffs on him before he was aware of it. He at first insisted that we had made a mistake, but on my showing him the handker chief and the map he gave in, and confessed he was Billington, and cursed himself for his carelessness. 'I wired to London, and next morning he went with us to town, where he was ultimately convicted and sentenced to death. It transpired, however, that the murdered girl had been a great trouble and annoyance to him and had given him great provo cation, and his sentence was com niited to penal servitude for life. ' I always gave Susan all the credit ! of that capture, as, indeed, was her due ; but it was the means of gaining me early promotion, besides getting the £100 reward, of which I took good care Ellen and her husband had a fair 'slice.' In fact, it started them in a small way on their own account and they are now doing well. 'So you see how small and trifling a thing may spoil a man's plans. Billington was practically safe if he hadn't omitted to destroy that one pocket-handkerchief, or to pick the initials out of it, but the marking was very faint, and I suppose it escaped his observation. 'Of course, it was an extraordinary chain of circumstances, the handker chief going to my wife's sister to be washed and my wife being there ; but then, you know ' the world's a very small place as someone has remarked.' 