The Advertiser FRIDAY, JUNE 7, 1895. THE SESSION BEGUN. PARLIAMENT was opened yesterday with as much of show and ceremony as the straitened condition of the exchequer will admit. The display was respectable bat not brilliant. In these days of pinching thrift money is grudged for flummery, and the modest spectacle pro vided on this occasion bad to be arranged on Btrjctly economical lines. The absence of pompous accessories is not to be re gretted, for apart from the matter of expense an elaborate cere monial in connection with Parliamen tary proceedings'. has no longer any power of illusion. The main purpose of such pageantry is to inspire in the vulgar mind befitting awe. Unfortunately the fear of what Parliament may do is not even yet extinct, bat it has ceased to be superstitious and takes, in these days, a severely practical and rational form. The interest of the public, whom the Houses of Legislature are supposed to reflect and represent, is now concentrated on the question to what extent they will succeed or fail in justifying their exis tence during the closing session. Yes terday's proceedings afford no clue to a solution of this problem, for, as is usual on the opening day, they were almost wholly, formal. The Lieutenant- Governor's speech, though recited a second time to maintain the Parlia mentary fiction of " greater accuracy," might jnst as well have been taken as read, since it contained little or nothing for which both Houses had not fceen fully prepared. There was room, therefore, for neither surprise nor disappointment. The old practice of crating a pretentious veil of mystery over the programme for the session has wisely been abandoned, and the forecast which we published yesterday sufficiently indicated the Minis terial proposals. Whether the electors consider the programme good or bad, or partly one and partly the other, nothing can be exactly inferred from it as to the character of the succeeding performance. That depends on the Government, with whom the conduct of the business rests; on the Opposition, which—like Brer Fox gleefully watching the rabbit entangle himself with the Tar-Baby—still lies low; and on the members of all sections, their disposition to work or to play, their patriotic or their party spirit. The elements are mixed, and the result of their interaction is beyond the reach of certain calculation. It is on record that am old drMpa-frigh having killed off all bis characters in the first four acts of a tragedy had to drag them in again as ghosts in tie necessary and orthodox fifth act. The Government for the closing session of the present Parliament; resurrect many of the slaughtered innocents of 'the past two years. All are not there, but still—so far as numbers go—there is a goodly company. The familiar aspect of most of the measures promised justifies no re flection on the inventive and originative faculty of Ministers. Doubtless novelties could -hare been introduced ; bat there was eimply no call and no justification for them. If the Government believe in their policy, of which so much still remains uncompleted, they are bound to see it through before essaying other tasks. Arrears properly take pre cedence of new questions which are not of greater urgency or importance, The programme is, for the most part, a com pilation of old legislative items, bat the interest in such subjects as the varied proposals for encouraging rural industries, State advances to farmers, further amend ment of the licensing laws, electoral con solidation, mining on private property, homestead settlement, and so forth, is as keen as ever. Though the speech was not a long one the bill of fare is abundant and miscellaneous. Mr. Brooker is. so impressed with its extent and variety as apparently to consider that the necessity for late sittings will arise earlier thi? session than usual. Business will not, however, necessarily be facilitated by Affording more than the ordinary oppor tunities for protracted talk. The lapsed Bills Act iH to be brought into operation for the first time in application to some of <the measures on the list, ?nd consider able importance attaches to the trial of the new procedure. What needs to be avoided is useless repetition and ciroum locution, while at the-eame tame adequate consideration is assured. . Ministers explain in the speech tint they have offered what will probably constitute a sufficient programme for a session of useful work. Some subjects they will not object to remit to the constituencies for a further expression of opinion. It is obvious that the most suitable for such reference ate the Bills which, with out being positively urgent, 'are of a highly contentious nature. The work ought to be so ordered as to prevent waste of time in discussions chat cannot be finalised. It will not be worth while fighting for doubtful victories on issues that will require reconsideration and de cisive treatment by the new and enlarged electorate which is to return the next Parliament. ' The most pressing question here, as in the other colonies, is that of finwtyj adjustment. Whatever else Parliament leaves for its successor, it will not be excused for transmitting a legacy of debt. Revenue and expenditure must be squared. There is, as Ministers recognise, only one proper way of doing bo, and that is is to reduce the outlay to the limits of the income. This is certainly not a time for proposing .any additional taxation. The time is in opportune politically, for Parliament has in this direction exhausted the Tnftndatft it received from the country, at the last elections, and if there are to be any new departures the constituencies should first give the instructions. From the economic standpoint, too, any attempts to add to the burdens of the people at this trying juncture invite resistance while a chance remains of restoring finnnpini equilibrium by pursuing the policy of retrenchment. The Government announce that they have various public economies to propose, besides repeating the convenient and not very satisfactory expedient of all-round redactions of Civil servants' salaries. It will be expected of them to exercise judicious discrimination in the selection of the lines of expenditure to be cut down, but in carrying out a fch*nM??q though necessary task they should be able to rely on the fair support of all parties in the Legislature. Members who are all for economy in the abstract, but object to every concrete proposition, are a trial to the temper. If we must save, it is as well to make up our minds to the inevitable, t and do it with as much cheerfulness as possible, even though some pet expenditure should suffer. To aid a thrifty budget general legislation should be directed as far as possible towards increasing the output of national wealth, and in that way strengthening the revenue. There is no part of the Ministerial policy, for example, that has greater significance as bearing on the financial issue than the promised amend ment of the pastoral laws. The Govern ment do not say how they intend to alter them, and practically everything turns on that. Legislation that will restore confidence to the pastoral inte rest—and this is quite possible—would speedily result in a sensible improvement of the colony's position, necessarily to be reflected in the public revenue. Par liament will find no more useful work to' perform in its last session than in re moving the avoidable conditions which hamper the progress of the pastoral industry. 