? S Hllf ':' liQiir; ? THE BLA CIS. n-ORSE IATN: t ^ BY L. A. SAVOKY, * I wns just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stednian. my fathers disiaut cousin, ? who kept the Black Horse Inn on the Sondis field turnpike. , ' ' ' I was the eldest of six children, and -with so many little months to fill it is no wonder that when Mr. Stedman wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist ant, not as a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned houseKeeper* ana. naa Tne reputa tion of making the bests pickles, preservers am* 'tome-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist in the sewing, keeping the accounts of the inn. *nd any other light labor which was required. My father accompanied me to B ? and saw me settled in the mail coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a week. It wns before the days cf railroads, and it was Quite dark when we drew up to the 'Black Horse.' where the passengers were to spend tb-- night. The house was large, and sitnated on the hi-rh road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed tne road from Newtown to War che&ter.; It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good parden. a fine orchard, and a larsre farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view for many a mile over the country. The B ? mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown to Warchester changed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either on horseback or iu carriages, always stopped at the ' Black Horse,' for rest and refresh ment. Mrs. Stedman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty ; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her head, un covered by the cap which in those days was uni versal.' She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con firmed opium eater. I think she had the ni'--st severe countenance I ever eaw, and one w.is. careful of one's conduct before her. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at the ' Black Horse,' and woe betide the luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared t» laugh in her I nan uvfira Tier st-ory berore i came there. £he was early f ef t fi widow, with a beautiful ciauuhter, whom she idolised ; but the ?? hi and heir of a rich m«n from a distant city, who came to lish in the waters of the mill- dam, bad induced her to elope with him ; it was not supposed thas he had married 1;-.t. 11'. r mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the map. or her daughter; it wan said she had returned their letters unopened. At all ovents. no one ever spoke ot Clara Stcd ;nan, ami it. bad been more than fifteen years siritre the day when she fled with her young lover. Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me ; but if I liaii been of a lively turn, as many girls of uixTcenari?, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheer iess November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and at other times I hemmed towels and table Jiiicn; beside there was always the books fo keep, which bad to be attended to every pi;-ht. 3Ivs. Sledman's room was a large one up Ftaiis. in an L of the house : there was a flight of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining room. This closet was a sort of butler's pantry ; in it were kept the best china and piassware. cutlery and table linen, and on tbt1 top shelves many of the 'preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, whore the wines and other commodities were. 1 often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It wa? a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pisreon holes. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents ; rare spices and drugs and essences ; costly at the time of ray story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a srl.-iss bottle. I suppose now it was arsenic, but 1 did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. it was about the middle of November. The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, anil travellers who bad so often stopped at the ' Black Horse ' during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman bad her apples and vegetables 'gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. We had fairly settled down for the Winters' quiet, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sew-ins, and Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me look out upon the road, and there I saw a pentl?raan mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man. of about thirty-eight or forty. He had a good-natured look, like one who takes the ?world easy, and at the same time there waa n £ooil tieal of determination about his well siianed mouth. He walked in as if the place were familiar to liim. and asked if Mrs. Stedman were at borne and if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down stair? and received the gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I had ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, be was an entire stranger to her, I thought he glanced sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied ; for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, an i in a careless way flung himself down in an easy chair before the fire, to await dinner. Mrs. SieJlnian seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the beet linen, silver and china, and went her self into the kitchen to supeiintend Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing she seldom did for anybody. Shs sent me into _ the cellar for a bottle of the be-t wine it ' contained, and told me to pour it into the nicest cut-glass decanter. I had an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to be some great personage — the governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, and for that reason treated him with such respect. When the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. It waa not directly underthem, and I suppose I. was not gone so long as she expected, for, as I came up with the pickle jar I saw her swiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle con taining the white powder in her hands ? and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the decanter she filled the glass and called out to me — still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentle man that dinner was served. Then she quickly went up to her room again. \- I was so horrified at what I had seen* that, for a moment, I could not|move ; then — and I shall never know what impelled me. some thing I could not help— I rushed po the table, seized the wine glass, and pitched it and its contents out of the window. , , . As I did so I heard a slight no:«e near the parlor door, and there stood the gentleman observing me. ?'.And so that's her game, is it?'! lie said, Jialffp himself. ...o,:-.- .,.?. ;/ ?-« vj* ,fle iSjtood .sUoijfly for =» -moment, then he turned to me stud. said :; i ?: ;;?., ??.-' i - ''? *' I saw the whole of it, my girl; go and ask Mrs. Stedman to come here,' ;?'??.' '! 1 did as she bade me, and ^preRently she came. Her face was deadly pale, and her black eyes had an unearthly brightness,. The gentleman drew &. step or two nearer, \--and said : .- . ??.-.?-* ' You recognise me, I see,.Mrs. Stedman.' M Don't I ?' she answered,1 in a low voice. The gentlenian^ laughed. ? . ? -- ' If I had partaken of your 'hospitality, my , wife might have been a widow at the hands of her own mother.' ;/'??'? At these words I saw Sirs. Stedman change' color. . . ... ' Wife ?' she faltered. Jl Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my children — your daughter Clara. Of course I married her ; I had no intention of doing otherwise. It was done privately, to keep it from my father. If you had not been too cursedly proud to open her letters, you would have know it long a-ro. By George ! you're not going to faint !' for Mrs. Stedman 6ank down on the floor without a word. I screamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running in, and between us we raised her and placed her on the sofa ; but presently she started up and went to her own room, and we heard her lock the door. ' Missus has seen a ghost,' the kitchen The cook hinted darfcly at 'spasms,' but Mr- Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. ' Well, I suppose I can have my dinner now,' be sairJ,iat last. t And I must say be ate it with a better ap petite than'! suo*uld'hi\ve supposed possible under the circumstances. He even drank some of tbe wine, and praised its hne flavor. Toward sunset he rode a way leav ng a note for Mrs. Stedman. We -.'^ went ao.jut onr business, for work never slacked in that house, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Her face was as white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. ' Alice,' she said, ' you are a good girl ; take this, and to-night when the B ? coach starts, go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to you.' ' I don't want money, Mrs. Stedman. but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother,' 1 said. She held out the purse ami pointed to tbe door, and I left the room anrl hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach waa ready, got in and started for home. My parents were *ery much surprised when it set me down at the door, and they were still more astonished when I told my etory. Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the ' Black Horse Inn' ten y»»ars longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. Sbe never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Clara and h-jr children passed a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston sbe never saw a^ain. . When her ? will was read it was found that sbe had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson StedmanLiviHgstou, aud myself xne largest suspension onage rn tue world is tue one between Kew York city and i Brooklyn ; tbe length of the main rpau is 1595 feet six inches ; the entire length of the bridge is o'dSO feet. . ' A medical journal says : ' The applica tiou ot a uit of ice to the lobe of tue ear will stop hiccougbing.'' All a man who is ac- ! customed to hiccoughing has to do, then, is j to carry a bit ot ice about in bis waist coat pocket, and be can cure himself iii 6tantly. The famous- boating batteries with which. Gioraiter was attacked in 17S2 were tbe 6cbeme of D' Arcou, a French engineer. Tbere were 10 of mem, and they resisted tbe heaviest shells and 32-pound shot, but ulti mately yielded to red-Lot sbot. Here is a good word for the women. An Engnsd statistician has discovered that mar ried men live longer aud live better liv«3 than bachelors. Aiuong every 1000 bache lors there are 3S criminals ; among married men the ratio is only IS per lout). When George I. ascended to the throne, the ancestor of the Duke of Sutherland, was only a poor Scottish lord, tbe ancestor of tbe ^Marquis of Abergaveuny, was a baron, aud tbe ancester of the Duke of Westminster was a Cheshire baronet. An example of deterioration in values is shown in tbe sale of the Great Eastern for less than £25,000. The original cost of tbe vessel was three quarters of a million, but she was a gigantic failure from the start. Tbe building of this ship, Tiowever, was of ?value in demonstrating that tbere was a limit in steamships in tbe direction of size. She has been of use also in the laying of the Atlantic cables. While those, *bo invested their money in buiidiug this ship lost heavil v in the venture, they can console themselves with the fact that their Joss was not alto gether in vain. The last report is that Bar num is trying to negotiate for its purchase, wab a view of converting it into a mammoth floating show. 