.flie False Beacon, A STORY OF THE SiSA. bt colonel abthub l. xesebvx. fair to be a Kild, rough. along ffhe New England coast. All day the sea had been moaning as though in painf roubled with a wild nw a« thn an went down over the cliffs to the westward. the moaning increased and the Sky grew darker. 3KTOd sends came in from the water, and, torn g£ed, Went flying away orer the storm- beaten cliffs. HaU.hiddon at the foot of one of them was a rough hut or cabin of stone. So much was it bke the parent rock beneath which it was buQt that one might pass it by and hardly pereeire it, onlesE it happened that smoke was curling above its roof. The night in question two men stood in the doorway, gazing out upon tne water. Both were men of upwards of fifty years' of age. ®iar garb and tanned faces showed that they were fishermen, toilers of the sea or along the shore. _ For some minutea they stood without speak- J®g, and then he who seemed a little tha elder broke the silence by observing z <4It is time that I was off to the light. It jron'fc be long before I must have the lamp trimmed and burning." ""Which one, Abram J" Why, mine to be euro." "Why not try mine to-nigbt c" " Because I see no game oat on the water." But you can't tell what there may be. In enhpgrfinn now the wind will be blowing peutguhe.'ana win be justtigbltofarow a rainp oofae rooks." . r-.:. "Ion afraid to play this game too often. If wb should he caught, short shrift they wonld gmi us. Our necks wonld not he worth a up of straw." Nothing ventured, nothing gained, Anram." I know that; hntl, for one, aic't ready to have my neck stretched for nothing." ' But we ran little risk. There will be no one out hi the storm that will soon be raging to give as away." His companion shook his head. " Yon are not sure of that. If they had any «mp:aon of us, it would bo just each a night as taug bids fair to be In nav . «:.» tx .1 should come and find a light out on yonder crag, while mine was out, as I said before, our mcks would soon feel the halter drawn about them." Abram made a motion as though he would depart. Hie boat lay down beneath the cliff. «Bd it would take but a few moments for him to run out to the great rock on which the light- bouse stood. "Don't hurry, Abram. You've plenty of e Jet- 1 win go down to the beach with J0"8 soon as I make everything safe here." " Where's Huldah ?" "Ste ent dotm the village soon after noon. She ought bo have been back a long than luu'aL ''!De1'I1S ha tept ter lonEer He closed the rude hut strong door of the cabm, and prepared to accompany his com panion. He meant, if possible, to have him agree to the devilish deed he contemplated. The heads of the two men disappeared under the diffs. Hardly had they done so when toother appeared on the scene they had famed auar bihks upon. It was a young woman, who seemed to spring np from among the racksibout the cabin like some ghost-like Approaching the door she threw it open, and passed within. A fire of driftwood was tommg upon the rnde hearth, and approach-" mg this, she held out her hands to the genial warmth. "he only remained here for a moment ahe next she was at the one window that looked out over the sea. The men were not m sight the rocks hid »sp from her view. ' What shall I do ?" she cried, in a tone that xang through the mom. " There wfll be more nwdnef to-night I heard part of the conver sation, and I know that Sam will bring ai—m round, so that he will not light his lamp to night Then the false beacon will be lighted, and if a ship comes sailing this way, it wfll be dashed upon the cruel rocks. Oh, to think that me same Wood runs in my veins as in his I Bnt sometimes I think that he cannot he my uncle, there never could be two people more ...m than 1 we. I hope and trust that my father was not uke him," Once more she was sflent, watching to seethe "at of Abram start out over the water, the surface of which was already becoming agitated by tte rising breeze. At length she saw it, and a r toe head of her uncle appeared above the rocks. „ ®e 8 coming," ahe murmured to herself. _ 1 iu»>v what had passed between them mnce they went down over the cliff." ®ie wrecker came up, and a look of surprise tod suspicion flashed over his face as he saw through the window. "You back?' he said, as he entered the room. "How long have yon been here?" Only a few minutes, uncle." Had you -come a little sooner, Huldah, you would have seen Abram. He has been over from the light to make us a mil." 8 J"18? 88 well, sines I don't know as I There is something about the mto that always makes me distrust him." Sam gave her a sharp look. 1 thought you were good friends," he " We don't quarrel, ancle." t a Bood deal of you. Sometimes IrX afraid he win you away to&e; light, and leave me alone here." "Yon need have no fear of that I had totter find myself at the botton of the sea than tota in the company of a man whom I dis- KQfit, " Abram is all right, Huldah." "He, may he for you ; but if he is not a viitem, Inerar saw the face of one." IMdah wenttothedoorway. The wind was 8'»W«8tolWfafa _ej«trerif.eHyfaygreralmniiitaB on ","Bae 5?"® 88 tooni looking for rane. one. T3m, with a disappointed took upon nerfnoe, ahe famed, and commenced to pre- pare their waning meal. Sam had seated himself by the hearth when he first came in, but now he ruee, and went out of doom. The rising wind or the roar of the eamade him nervous, and he found it im- poesible to remain in one place. ®xddah' gave another glance out of the _ " What nhaH I do if Edwin doee not come ?" g»e eaid to herself, fa a low tone. "Some- ttaifi telfrme that some awful thing win happen Hns night unless it nan he averted. When tmcle and Abzam put iheir heads together they aesnnogoda. I'm afraid the false beaoon will he lighted to-night, and the tine one left in "tness end gloom." ; j not take her Jongtopracefhcfr »- then toe called to her ancle without. He «pe in end took Kb seat at the table, hat he seemed to have no appetite. HuMah alsoappeared to he in ihe samestete; wnd a few moinpnte later, heagam went oat upon the xocikB, die rose end commenced to clear away toedifihes. ... wmainabout -Una cabin, hat took Tih giri shuddered. ' She well, knew where \- togoiiig; and vehat was hie errand, He to"1 f&BpE; to light the false beacon, which had ; ipm» oiore than one riup to ' destrucUon qpon the treaobraicniirockE. -.--'f >.VV jl'fayflMCTeaishfnMie sound of her ear. JShfi saB a qQi T 4250) start and turned her face in the direction whence they came. She saw a young man tranrine towardsthe cabinspringing from rock to rock. A little later he was at the doorway, and had clasped her in hie arms, " Oh, Edwin, Fm so glad yon have come !" ehe said, in a tone that showed she meant what she said, " And I am glad to be here, Huldah. Bnt what has happened that makes yon unusually glad to eee me?" 4 ' They mean harm to tnose who may be along the coast to- night. The false beacon will be ighted, and a etxons. enio may be dashed to pieces on the rocks !" -"How do yon know this?' ! J 4 Abram has jnst gone iromiiere out to the light. When he and my uncle pat their heads together there is always something wrong." ' Well, we will watch and see what they are up to. If they kindle the false light on the cliffs it wOl not burn long. If It goes out, then Abram will light his lamp. As soon as it comes dark, we will see what Sam is up to on the shore IWe both can run his light for 14 Edwin, what Bhonld I do without you?" 6he said, as she nestled close beside him. 44 Bather, what should I do without von, Huldah. Ton are the apple of -my eye. I hope the time will soon come when X can call you my wife." With a hand in each other's they sat by the window, ever and anon casting their eyes out over the cliff to where the false beacon had lured ships to their destruction. All at once a flameshowed itself on the rocks. The young man started to bis feet, and strode out throueh the <roen doorwav. . "Be careful, Edwin," cried the voice of TTnia-V " I will," he answered back. Old Sam was bending over the treacherous fire he had kindled. He had not a thought that a human being was near him, until he felt a hand laid upon his shoulder and he was thrown violently back upon the rocks. " Villain 1 What are you doing?" cried the youug man. " People have said that you were a wrecker, and now here is the proof. It would be serving you right if I should dash you down over the diffg to your death. It would he only serving you as yon would the helpless voyager." "Have mercy! I am an old man. You have caught me in my vile act : hut don't turn me over to those who would place a rope about my neck." 44 You deserve it; bnt for the sake of one dear to me I will keep your crime a secret. But it is on condition that you leave this region at once." « "Yes." "But Huldah?" » " She will be cared for. Go to Gorling, and stay there until you hear from me. If you haven't money in the cabin, I will send you some. Then drop out for ever 'from this little world that has known you." The villain slunk away in the darkness, and Edwin went back to the cabin, but not until he had seen that the true light was ablaze as usual. As soon as the storm was over, Edwin rowed out to the light, and later he reported to the keepers that their man was gone. It was not long before Edwin made Huldah his wife, and the secret of the liehts was shared between them.- Weekly Budget." 