TALES AND SKETCHES. ! THE FUN EH AL OF PATSY O'HARE. By WILLIAM TIRKBUCK.. Author of "Dorrie, ot. Margaret, "Stories of City Life," "Sweetheart Uu'en," &c.; " You're soon back, said Tun Hoolan, as Terry O'Brien approached a group of tliree at a street corner. " And how is Patsy ?" " Sure boys," answered Teddy slowly, " it's how he will be. Patsy's dyin' " (thc group got closer). "Dyin'. The porter touldinc. H's carried out of thc hosspital he'll be. Somcut should bc done." " That's just what I've been sayin', Terry," said Tim Hoolan. " lt is," continued Michael Magrath. " Aye, aye," followed Dan O'Connell. " And to begin with," said Terry O'Brien, "it's a poor look out. if one of his pals can't sec him off just because he's iu thc hosspital ami not in his own bed. Gell, I'd go back myself this minit only for this week's scrub on mc chin, for I'd like to go daccnt. Has anny of ytz a barber's penny on ye?" They all looked al Dan O'Connell, the only man thu I was in work. He handed a penny to Terry, mid Terry went for his shave. Now there was only one qucstiou on thc minds of all of them. How was Patsy O'Hare to bc buried ? He was not in a club, he had been oat of work for weeks, he owucd nothing but his clothes, ami he was in debt with Mrs. Burke for lodgiugs. All of thc mon thought of " the parish," hut none of them referred to it, because any given one of them in Patsy's place would have felt meanly descried if be knew that " the workhouse box " would come for him at the close. Moreover every niau of them was a collin maker-and surety, between them, they could fit up Patsy O'Hare. Thal feeling was unanimous, but the only mun who was not enthusiastic was Dan O'Connell, the only mau of them who was iu work, for he could see that when the crisis came it would fall hard upon him. Neverthe- less the sentiment was unanimous, and when Terry O'Brien came from the barber's with a face like an egg compared with what it was, he was deputed lo go and sec the last of poor Patsy. "Sure, I'm going very empty-handed," complained Terry. "A bit of an orange in me pockut would shew wc badu' forgot him." And they all again looked at thc only man in work. Dan's face twitched, but he delivered up another coin. Terry went to thc hospital. He found Patsy too ill to lift his hand from the quilt, and Terry took hold of thc wrist and quietly pressed it. While he was doing so, his other hand drew the orange from his tuil-pockot and slyly delivered it on the little table by thc bed. The nursecuiight Torry's eye, and shook her head, meaning " No use ; uo use-too late ; too late." "Oh, Patsy, lad," muttered Terry, gently shaking thc wrist. " 1 didn't know ye was suite like this." Patsy managed to pul his other hand on Terry's ; but he could not speak. Thc lips moved but without a sound. " Don't trouble, me boy." urged Terry. " Don't trouble. . . Don't trouble about annything, . . . It'll he all right, . . Keep aisy. . . Don't be frettin'. "lt's-it's Mrs. Burke that desarves me bits of clothes, Terry boy." " Ooh, we'll see her righted ; we'll soo iv'ry thing righted. Iv'ry thing. Don't trouble. Mc and the boys have had it over." Patsy's grateful eyes looked up, thea with an effort he asked- ! " But who's workin" Î" "Iv'ry man of UB! Me, Tim Hoolan, Michael and Dan O'Connell. Iv'ry man of us ; so be aisy, bc aisy, mc boy." Patsy was faint. He let go of Terry's hand and Terry turned from the bed to sit on a chair that the nurse had placed for him. Scated, Terry was about to speak to Patsy, but the nurse touched his shoulder. Terry looked at her. She was looking at Patsy. She muttered something, Terry looked where sho was looking, at Patsy's face, and beheld a change that caused him to risc; but thc nurse held him back with her finger-tips. " Poor fellow ! God's mercy on him !" muttered Terry. A sigh came from Patsy, and he was gone. That afternoon, while Dan O'Connell was at work, there was a consultation between Terry O'Brien, Tim Hoolan, and Michael Magrath. They enthusiastically decided to do Patsy honour. He was to be brought home, he was to be "waked," and pay for it who might he was to be hurried in decency and comfort. The first difficulty was thc coffin. They hadn't a foot of wood between them ; none of them were in shops where ir. might have been "arranged;" none of them had money; and they all thought of Dan. They all knew Dan's shop, they all knew there was a back passage, a handy big window on the second Moor. Surely couldn't he slip one or two of them in that very night? With Tim Hoolan at the sides, Terry O'Brien at the lid, Dan himself at thc bottom and ends, and Michael Magrath to keep watch by thc passage and to give " the whistle " to drop the light when thc policeman came his round-faith, they'd lick it iuio shape in no time. "If Dan only likes, he can manage it," said Tim Hoolun. " Whether he likes it or not mil like it, and do it :" replied Terry, a sentiment thal easily wein the round. I Late that night. Terry, Tim, and Dan O'Connell invaded thc workshop. Tim got at thc sides, Terry ut the lid, and Dan at thc bottom and ends. "And now, boys," whispered Terry, "put all your brains into your hands and slave us if like niggers, und good work, too, while ye're at it. What's that you're cuttin'. Dan; It sounds like deal, as soft ns putty. Och 1 don't be stingy, scein' the wood isn' yer own i give Patsy a length of good brown oak to lie on. If anny mun knows a good coffin, he does ; and let him have it. I'll give him as pretty a piece of wood in the lid as anny corpse had to luk at if it liked to open its eyes lo sec what sort of furniture it was in. And what are ycz hammcriu' ut, Tim, givin' thc audible alarm like that to anny set of ears that may bc walkin' tho passage for a sound ? Have ycz niver heard of serous V Do Patsy the honour of screws, und don't knock up his Inst little house wid workhouse nails. Whisht !" " Mike's whistle," said Dan Down went thc light, and the three men stood listening in thc dark. They heard the tramp of feet down the passaic beneath the windows. " Boys," whispered Terry, "do ye/, mind if Mike moved thc ladder?" None of them kucw. A policeman's whistle buzzed. "Och ! he's on us : he's on us !" murmured Dan. " I believe we're; lost." " Ye mane found," said Tim. "lt's no joke, at anny rate," said Dan, "mc token in me own simp. Heaven ! what's thoi?" "It's the inspector's little stick pinyin'a climie on the pavement." said Terry. " We're surrounded !" moaned Dan. " Ah, don't be moanin' yourself into trans- portation for life; if this blissid Blue Peter shews this way we'll surround him, nu' with wood ; WH'11 collin him, un' in one of those riddy-madc dole ones standin' there like mummies." "OrderI" cried Dan. "There's Mike's whistle agin." " Faith, it is," said Torry, "an' itsouuds red ; it manos danger this time. Hold hard ! Stiddy, boy« ! Stiddy ! Don't he brathin' like a bull, Dan, or the man that's after us will he hearin' the Bhaveus that you're makin' dance on the floor wid your With. Stiddy ! Stiddy !" "But what arc you after on thc floor?" called Tim to Torry. " Sure, I'm gtttin1 into safety. " I'm snug in a five-foot-sixcr. Come, Tim, and put thc lid on mc loose, and if that gintleman comes I'll lave ycz all to yer chances- to the coffins if ye have anny sinsie. There's plenty of 'cm, hoya ; get in 'cm an' make yourselves at homo. Whisht ! Och ! safe agin. There's Mike's double whistle. Up willi thc light, boys, an' get at Pat y's wooden suit like thc snips for corpses us ye ure. " Thc lights were turned up just us Terry O'Brien was making what he called "a resurrection " out of a collin hy thc wall. They got to work again, like thieves that they were iu the dead of the night, and at last Patsy's collin was done. But when they were all ready lo move with it, Michael Magrath did not auswer their call und there was no ladder at thc window. They whistled, buL he did not conic " Faith," said Terry O'Brien, " wc can't bc caught herc like rats in a trap ; herc's u mighty loug rope that Dan's master has been good enough to lave us, sure ; I'll get into the coffin, you boys can lower mc down, an' I'll rind t he ladder. But he UB gentle wid mc, boys, us if ye was lowering mc down lo me grave." Thut was done, bm there was no ladder to bc found. " Well ! Ibis is a trick : Hoist up thc blissid box again and do as I did will your- selves, and let us be off." Dun and Tim, however, fought us to who should bc first. " Ifould your noise," growled Terry ; "did two sons of Adam iver righi to get into a collin before ; Come down one of ye at a time an' let us be off. Holy Mother, there's thc inspector pluyiu' his stick again-send down thc lift. Quick, boys, quick ! Ah, come down me lovely. Hight we arc, boya, pull ! Pull me out of the reach of thc blue divil that's pokiu' his slick for mc iu thc next street. Gently, gently, now; pull mc into thc window of luven like thc ungels as ye are. Right auain. Faith, there's thu other blue i fellow pluyiu' a solo on his lillie cornet." " Where's Mike, I wonder ':" said Dan. ! " I don't know,"' said Terry. "The Bpot gol too hot for him, an' he's run like snow oil a roof." " Caught, think ye !" asked Dan. "An'If he is, lie wou't be trcmblin' like yen in your leathers. Houlii yer tongue in with your hand, or faith, it'll drop elane out au' shout all over thc floor wid fright, an' betray us. An' what's to do wid yer teeth, dom' a step dance with each other, like thal? Put, one jaw on the other to keep themselves cnmp'ny if they're afraid to be apart in a hid t hut has no brains. Hallo ! That's good music. Listen, boys." Thc inspector's slick was heard u greater distance away ; they allowed the policeman time to pass on his round once more, and i lieu the operations for escape were begun again. Terry was lowered first. " Now that I think of it, boys," said he from the passage, " ¡t's little use hoistin' the box up twice while ye can tie the rope to a bench leg and slide down like a couple of monkeys down a stick. But monkeys or men be quick wid ye/, or thc stars will be gfvin' the wink to the man with thc whistle. Och, Dan, 1 didn't mane that, quick, ye didn't give me a chance to sc? how you'd look whin ye're hung. Now Tim, boy, you and Dan carry the box an' I'll carry the argumints." Tim and Dau shouldered the coffin and Terry walked at the side. " Don't hurry, pals," said Terry. " We're not stalin'. Huv'n we been working overtime for a rushed order for the mornin' ? Don't hurry. Take it aisy like honest men or thc viry legs that ye want to take yez claueaway, will betray ye/. Dan, Dan, aisy does it. Your legs aro playiu' the thief, while Tim's herc has a respectable airiness that must be desavió' himself, for his face is like a solemn widower's, takin' borne the coffin for his wife, while your's, faith ia like his did wife's corpse. I'm astonished Dan, I thought ye had pluck." Hullo ! hullo ! sure that's a sentry be thc lamp there. Stiddy boys. Don't shy, Dan. Eyes front, step aisy, right, lift, right, lift, au' lave thc talk to me." A policeman by u lamp eyed their approach. " A fine mornin' brakiu', policeman," said Terry. " lt is-but what have you got there ? Slop 1" "Sure, wc will; stop boys. Now ye see what it is ; faith ye know it ; there's only thc one shape whin yez come to that, an' it's hard it is w hen a man has to carry it home for bis own. " " But this is a strange time to bc taking it home." "So it is, so il sir; but it's not stranger than black small-pox that carried her off, poor sowl, (tbe officer coughed apd moved away) and as ye know yerself there's no time to lose-" " All right," said the officer, still moving. " For the strick reflations about the likes of that-" " All-right !" " Move on, hoys," said Terry, and they soon reached Patsy's street in safety. " Och, now that I think of it, what a miss !" exclaimed Terry. " We niver tould Mother Burke what we've becu after ; she won't know about Patsy." " Now, that awkward," said Dan. " It is," said Tim. " But we can't sit OD it outside until luorniu', " said Terry, picking up some gravel aud throwing it at the second-storey window, and knocking at the door. Mrs. Burke's wrapped-up head shortly appealed out of thc window. " Who's that?" sbo cried, only half awake. "There's four of us," answered Tciry, " three of flesh and blood and one of wood. Come down, Mother Burke and let us in." " What's that ye've got, Terry ?" " Sure you ought to know it ; it's your own coffin. Ye're dead, ye're only dramin' ye're livia' ; send down yer ghost to open the door, or I'll come up the bricks an' kill ye agen, I will." Mother Burke soon let them in, and taking it for granted that "poor Patsy who had gone " was inside, she fell across the coffin, wailing lamentations, and in one of her many soliloquies she wondered, " who'd ho at thc payio of thedarlin' boy's debts "-and Tim and Terry looked at Dan. The coffin was taken into the nearest room, and Terry, Tim, and Dan hastened to thc door. " What's yer hurry ?" asked Mrs. Burke. " Isn't it almost time to be goba' to work ?" answered Terry. " Haven't wo to am soincut to bury him, to say nothin' of tho wake which'll be thc night of this same day. I know yez loved Patsy, Mother Burke ; I know yez did ; like a mother of a son yez did ; au' it's manny a shilliu' he paid ye, au' manny a New Year's drop he bought ye-git a bottle of 0.1. iu, Mother Burke; we'll see.ye paid tor it, ch, Dan? But it's time for us, boys, to bc out at work. Now Dan, now Tim, come on, come on ; let Mother Burke have her sleep out or she'll be all of a blink to-night when the sarvice is on, an' it's a wakin' wake and not a sleopin' wake that wc want. Hurroo I Git oui !" It waa then half-past five, time for Dan O'Connell to bc going to Iiis shop. But Dau fought shy of it. He was afraid. Suspicion would he certain to foll on him. " Aye, if ye don't go," said Terry, " Go for the sake of Patsy's expinsis if for no other, for he's got to be buried. Mc, Tim, and Mike will pay yep. back. Go, Dan, lad, and don't spoil us all, for they'll be the candles, thc bottle of Irish and tho like, to say nothin' of the coach an' the bit of ground. Now, Dan, be the dacoot man for us ; we'll do the likes for you." Dan, however, hadn't courage. Ho wouldn't go, and Terry and Tim almost ex- communicated him. Thc three men went to order thc hearse for next day, for their feeling was thc sooner they got that coffin underground the better. But the funeral furnishers wanted a deposit. Terry was astounded. " A deposit !" said he. " 1 uiver heard of annything of that kind before. We dou't want to keep your horse and coach as soon as we've done wid 'em, au' if it comes lo security, if that's what yo mane, there's the coffin an' tho corpse that ye're welcome to if wc don't pay ye. (i've him tho half-crown, Dan ; hut it s an insult, I'd like a resatc, for there's little trustin' people of bisniss as 'ad do the likes of that, Divil a furthin' more they'll get," said Terry outside, "an' now for the bit of leasehold," he added, referring lo thc cemetery. Dan O'Connell did not want to go. " Och ! I'm ashamed of ye," exclaimed Terry. " Yo don't dosarve the big an' honoured name that's tacked to yer rags and bones. Dun O'Connell, indeed ! Did yer mother think ye'd bemune it ? It's a wonder the great Dan himself doesn't reich his hand out of his grave at ye and shake thc price of Paddy's lust comfort out of yer pockutB. Ye're in cash, we're not ; make us even wid ye bc a loon. Come on Dan, au' he a hit of the great O'Connell." And Dan went. Dining thc day Mike Magrath turned up. He had been taken to the police Btatiou us a suspicious character in thc night, hut was discharged. At dusk, the four men shouldered thc coffin to thc hospital, poor Patsy was put in it, and conveyed ¡lome. He was placed on two chairs in thc kitchen, one ut thu head and the other ut the feet. That done, Terry O'lirien glanced nboi!i the pluec for thc shape of a bottle, but he didn't sec 60 much as a cork, und as a beginning he very tenderly asked Mrs. Burke if shu had a couple of candles-for Patsy." " 1 haven't. What's to do with thc gas ?" " lt's like yourself, a bil too mighty high. Who-iver heard of gas fora woke? 1 uiver did, and nivel' will. It's much ton lively a flame for a death ; you want thc lowly glimmer of a farthm' rush-for the love of hiven. Dan, boy, put your haDd for us in yer pockut agen, seein' as Mrs. Burke is too mane tn light Palsy accordiu' to thc dead. Why the angels would think wc « ere iu competition with glory itself if we ' waked ' Patsy with all thc full force of the gas works at our back ; and for thc sake of docent humility, Dannel, bring us a couple of dips and we'll cut 'em into four-and now to speak plain, Mrs. Burke, what about the bottle- the 0.1.-did ye attend to it ?" "I did not." " Och, boys, here goes !" (And he took off his coat). " Follow suit boys. Put down yer gar minta, like men, aud we'll club for it." "Au' what about clothes for the buryin'?" asked Tim Hoolan. "Aira! we'll go in Bhirt sleeves if we've had whisky over-night, bul we'll hurdly go at nil if we've had noue. Luck find us in thc mornin', it's honour for Patsy to-night. Come ou now ! Iv'ry man with his coat !" called Terry, folding bis, Tim's, and Mike's on thc collin. " I'll keep mine on me back," said Dan, " but here's a shillin' for ye." " Hurroo !" cried Terry, laking up thc coin and the clothes. " I'll bc back in a crack." " He returned with his two candles, a bottle of whisky ; and his own coat on his back. " An' sure, that's a trick ?" said Tim. " Why didn' you pawn yer own ?" asked Mike. " It was this way, boys. I felt chilly goin' au' I put it on. I was sure I'd be chilly cortiiu' back, so I didn't take it off. But here's your bottled consolation, an' what more do ye want? An' I've provided for the future, for I tould somt of the neighbours as I whit along that if they'd bring their own whisky an' a drop or two over, thoy could come and join us. The glasses, Mother Burke ! Och, ye're quicker with them th«n ye was wid thc bottle ; but ye're a lady, an' ye'U be first. There's for yea. Now, Tim ; now, Mike ; now Dannel-and more work to ye. Up boys, an' blessed be to Patsy O'Hare. . Oh, Patsy O'Bue, i ' Oh, Patsy O'Hare, An' wby did ye die like a breath of the air ? Wc loved ye me boy, And the lear in the eve. Is cryin' ' Oh, Patsy, Oh, Patsy O'Hare.' " There was a loud knock at the f ront door. " Save us ! I thought it was Patsy at the lid," said Terry. "Its the nnighbours alriddy. Luk at that. Open the door, Mother Buike, and let iv'ry soul that has its credentials with it ic a glass case, walk inside ; thc others can walk home. Oh, Patsy O'Hare, Oh, Patsy O'Hire, An' why did ye die like a breath of thc air ?" In walked two policemen and Dan O'Connell's employer. "An1 what's this disturbauce of honest folk kcepin' the dead company ?" demanded Terry. " What about this coffin ?" asked an officer, while Dan's master examined the wood. " What about it 1 It's a good 'un," said Terry. "But is it paid for?" asked thc second officer. "And who turned you into county court ?" "At any rate we'll turn you and your three mates here into a police court. Do you recognise it?" he asked Dan's master. " I do. It's my wood. They mado it on my nremises. Here are the oak shavings that'match it. I give the four of them in charge." Mother Berke fell across the coffin with a great wail. " Oh, Patsy, is it stolen wood ye have about ye ? Have pity on a poor, lone, think Terry O'Brien, that ye'd make me a victim of recavin' stolen goodß. Away with the four of 'em, as brazen a set of rogues os iver took advantage of a widdy'a roof, -and Terry, Mike, Tim and Dan were marched off. Next morning they each got three months. Terry, in the name of charity and justice, begged to be let out on bail for the funeral ; even if they let him out in handcuffs he'd like to be there. But the appeal was not heeded and thc four men were moved below, thc sound of Terry O'Brien's voice coming up thc well of the dock singing : " Oh, Patsy O'Hare, Oh, Patsy O'Hare, An' why did ye ole like a breath of the air V We loved ye nie boy, Patsy O'Hare's funeral took place that afternoon. He was followed to the grave by Mother Burke, a dozen other women with shawls and aprons over their heads, about twice as many barefooted children, three rag dolls, two disconsolate- looking mongrel terriers-and the undertaker for thc balaucc of his account. innicent [THE END.] 