ONLY A OAfTAIN, At the meeting of two ways in a country district of France, an old bent woman, in a long, grey, hooded..cloak,' was stumbling along. Capt. "Latoon pulled his panting horse to its haunches as a face, wrinkled and malevolent, like that of the witch in': the stories, was raised to his-a vestige of a wor;ian; a hag. "The way to Ville de Louis, my good woman?" A shrivelled hand half raised itself from the grey cloak, showing that -it. bore a bundle of boughs; the face was more malevolent; the eyes deep and flashing out of their faded pupils. "'Ah..my fine officer,". these seemed to say, "you would know, you shall not you who have ruined our crops, our homes. What matters whether French or German, do you not stand for the war which destroys?" As a matter of fact the woman said nothing, only turned away after that glance. - "The virgins and the saints! I might as well ask a deaf mute. Which? The right or the:left?" With characteristic recklessness. he risked the left-hand road. The twilight deepened, his eyes closed, his legs fell languidly over the flanks of his steed, and this devastated region of the Loire' faded from his sight. Again it was Paris; gay and beaiutiful. Agaln Pleasure held the alluring, cup. And where were the estates' in-:.Ndr mandy! An abyss of debt yawned be fore'the last Count Latoon: A lunge forward, downward; and the rider was rising 'from the ,dust, wide awake, while the bay horse rolled over., with twitching muscles following a con vulsive tremor of the limbs. Looking about, a flickering. light caught his eye. Approaching, he saw that- the light came from the second story of a rambling stone dwelling. He pushed the door farther on its creaking hinges and entered. There were half-filled wine=glasses, a half dozen chairs hastily pushed 'back. Something strangely like a wail led him to drop a mouthful. Desperation and.the wish to find some guide, food; or a place to rest had justi fled his intrusion; but ,now' all .centred in a devouring curiosity. With his hand on a pistol he stole toward the mysterious door, which he flung open. "Pardon me, but I am seeking a guide. This must pardon the Intrusion," said Capt. Latoon. Blinded by a sudden glare from the candle in a tall brazen candlestick,lie first became aware of 'a glove on the polished floor, and beside it a little rid ing whip. . Then he saw a high-posted bedstead with the, curtains drawn back,"and a slim, graceful figure -in. a -blue riding habit stretched over something that lay motionless on the counterpane. - How long he 'remained there he could not have told. A movement of the grieving. woman caused a revulsion, and lle- realised that he was an intruder. He stepped backward. his spur clanking, 'to close the door on this scene which his presence profaned. Turning about on his heel. Latoon sa:v a: tall young woman, her blue costume falling in folds' that revealed a gracefil figure. ""MademoIselle, pardon my clumsy.. in trusion, I am Felix Latoon, Count 'de Latoon in Normandy, and a captain of the Hussars. I lost my way, and being without a horse-minle fell dead 'of ex haustion a half hour ago-I came to wards the nearest light-yours:: I could make no one'hear; I thought 'the place deserted." ' "'Your' intrusion is pardoijible," she interrupted, a' weariness of .the world showing'in her voice.. 'They 'are all gone--fld or desirted-ex'ep''we three,' and she pointed to the: figure on, the. counterpane, . ."Mademoiselle," interrupted 'Felix,. bowing low, "I trust you may.deem me a gentleman. As one livould. proffer you my service." ' "MI. Latoon, as you call yourself, he, there-so 'till, so terrible, O,'so terrible- is my father. We were fleeing from the Germans and we became separated, my father, our servant ind 'I,' from? :het others. As best we'could-he was sud denly stricken sick-the man'and,I tdoo my,father here to this house', y6ur'dwel ling;,perhaps,': which wee, found alban dolied. O=i s'ervant .went to search. for some' one,. for a,doctor. _He.hardly.was gone when my father was taken as you see him now, so still! so horrible!" with a-sob she threw herself beside her dead: :Felix closed the,door softly On -this sorrowing woman. This was' not' the sanie Felix Latoon who had sounded-the brazen knocker of the "dwelling; no longer did the slhadows seemn to haibor some ghostly mystery, for he had seen the real fact of death and suffering:. Felix had discovered'somethingi'snore and 'of deeper import than allof 'his philosophy.' .. -'.Latoon went about the empty rooms, which were full of chill and musty smells. -.Ie discovered., another- candle in the dining-room, a bottle of wine, and the -Auel. Might she not be, fearful. of him? Had his explanation been enough? So he questioned as he knocked timidly. S"Mademoiselle," said Latoon humbly,. before her sbrrow, "I will watch:for you, if you can rest. I have prepared' the next 'room. for you as best I could. It will be as well.for you if you can rest." "Ah, sir, but I cannot. Iy dead is here. I 'will stay with him until my friends coinms?"' : ." "If you, wIll trust me," he - began 'again; gently. '"Would' you not-better try to rest? I will watch for.you. You willfind the morrow hard enough, and can I not prevail on you to prepare for it as best you may?" Reaching the door, she turned gravely to him: "'I will accept your. kindness; for I can but-. I must trust you." The candle sputtered and flickered. Thewatcher fell into a vague drowse.' y'e thought he vas in Normandy, and 'Pedro, the hbund, was lying at his feet, while a little dried old woman, his mo-' ther's maid, told him ghost s;tories.. One of the narratives was his own recent ex perience. "And the hoi?se vanished utterly," went on Annette's quivering tone.' Or was it Annette? T~as it not the: old grey woman' he hadl met at the cross roads? But she faded, 'and he was at a great ball in Paris. He could distin guish the faces, the chatter of voices, the inflections, the scent of roses. ."Bah, women are dolls, playthlngs, sawdust marionettes, ah, ahi'" Boisboy, the clever Bolsboy, was saying. Felix then noticed a sweet, charming sad face, a graceful figure, turned to wards him; Boisboy's sneer was hideous. That fair face gave Boisboy the lie, and he had slapped his friend's smiling face. The music crashed. They grappled. The whole ballroom a glare of faces-and "Monsieur!" The sleeper sprang up, shaking the stiffness from his limbs, rubbing the sleep from his heavy eyes. A man dressed as a priest was shaking Latoon by the shoulders. "Mi. Latoon, you have fallen asleep with weariness." The phantoms of the night were gone. The figure on the counterpane had lost its weirdness. Latoon bowed to the cler gyman, as becomes a devout believer. "Father, I was tired, and I must have slept." "A great man died last night. ?f. La toon; the last, save one, of a noble name." He leaned toward the silent figure on the bed. S"Monsieur-Capt. Latoon, the bereaved young lady has told me of your good service. Monsieur, I would thank you for the family of. the Duke, and for her, the mourner." Felix bowed, saddened, for he thought suddenly he might never see again the young lady ?-hom fortune had cast in his path only to snatch away. "Capt. Latoon, you are in haste to re sume your journey.: A horse and guide are at the door to carry you to the army of the.Loire..' ..', . And iCapt.; Latoon sa v In :these'ur-i bane accents a polite dismiss~l. "May I not bid good-bye to the young lady?" "She commissioned me to express her gratitude." . "Yes, I will not disturb the mourner. I will take up my Journey," assenrite Felix. A few years later Col. Latoon, fresh from service in Algiers, caught a-glirmpse of a face in a carriage on the Avenue du Bois" du Boulogne' "Who may tlhat lady be?" he asked ;of his" companion? ."Do you not, know? Ah.' you have been in Algiers. Mlle. Claire de Chan tillon.' . : ' : .' But Latoon .knew that charming face, which could belong to only one person in the world. He managed in some way to meet her, and they .who know -the story declare that through the advenature of a night an impoverished Count of Normiandj,' a colonel from Algiers, won. over many suitors, the richest heiress of France. "New York Newe.", 