The Swl&sr; of the Pendulum. by pax. The newspapers have been fqll of start ling developments lately. One item has followed Rijqffier in swift successioq. First came the intimations of Conservative gains in connection with the elections for the British Hoqge of Cpiqipqqs. To young Australians the news seemed strange" and qnaccountable. With our democratic notions and predilections, and our association of Berqocyacy aqd Jjifieral- jsiq, it seemed more than passing strange that that a8sqpiation of ideas should re ceive so pronounsed a " knock-out " by the coaljtion of Liberal Unionism and Con- servatjgm. One newspaper, speakiqg fqr Non- conformists just before the elections, said, " The Ark of God does not need to he steadied by. the hand that hksjust |pd Sir Yisto from the winning-post." This gives us an inkling of a strong feeling against the turf-loving proclivities of Lord Rosebery. It is manifest tfiat a leader in Blnglish politics must be a man of higher moral standard than that whioh qbtains ipnongst cob nial statesmen. Meq qf the Parkes, Dibbs, and Kingston type would have to " stand down " before the force of public opinio. The New Age declared : " It is before all things essential that a man qf charapfer should he at the head of thp Government." Lord Rosebery has great abilities, and has rendered great 8ei'7ice to the Ifibeyql Parfy, but so long as he takes a pride in leading his Derby winner from the course " amid the yells of the moral riff raff of Europe," he presents a spectacle which make? serious people feel humiliated." fhe Paris Figaro says Imagine the President of the French, Republic the owner of a racing stud, and winning with a horse with jqng ofifig against hjrp ! ifdst fancy the oqtpry that would fie raised against M. Ribot ! When Frenchmen are shocked we need wonder no longer at the fiownfajl of Jfifieyalisra under its present leader. Stirring incideqts in field and flood have succeeded one another, inundated mines causing sad logs of life, and bringing into strong relief heroism of thp highest type qiuong the rescue parties ; fire raging un derground among millions of feet of tim ber, upsetting all the workings of the lar gesb silver mine in the world fire at work oq ocean-cleaving greyhounds, wrecking aqd disfiguring. Added to these disasters cqraes the sad news frqtq phina of massa cred qiigsionaries, mqle and female, aqd innocent children. Pathetic interest is given to this last item on account of the fact that three of the victims wpre Aus tralians. . One cannot hut marvel at the faith expressed by thp bereaved mqtfiar when she said, " If I had two more d&ugfitprs; I would gladly give them to tfie same work." The cry has been for a gq d while past thqt female agents were more successful in heathen lqnds than male agents, hut this occurrence sppms to point to the. necessity for great care beipg exercised in sending females in gyeater numbers than males, as exigencies pf the work demand that it be carried on in circumstances of extreme isolation and danger. It is something qew, however, in the history of christian missions to read of the employment of soldiers and men-of- war to enforce the safety and security of christian teachers in heathen lands. We are moving qlong, surely. What would Paul's or Luther's ghost say to this 1 I could understgn,4 it jf it were for the pro tection of commetce, or the maintenance qf a trade route, but for tho protection of missioqaries of the Cross?— well, whaj; next J Top often we say all manner of kind things aboujt i,t man qftqr he is dead. The voracity of tombstones i-s not qnimpeacha> file. Their statements do not always re? present facts. Yery often the apprecia tion of \yprth of the departed is untruth fully represented by "storied urn and in? animate bust," but I am gHd to notice that efforts are being made to recognise the worth of Dr. Barnardo, while he is yet with us. For 29 years he has kept an open door for vaif, orphaq, and destitute children. No distinction of age, sex, creed, birthplace, or condition has been made. 26,000 waifs and strays have been reggued frorq wretghefiness ; 7,500 have been sent aa emigrants to British colonias, and have proved useful and honorable citizens in the " Greater Britains " beyfind the seas. It is intended to celebrate tjie fiftith birthday of the great humanitarian hy some recognition of his services. What ever may be given him, I have no doubt will ultimately be devoted to the work he loves so dearly. Help is solicited by an influential Committee of gentlemen in London. 