ARGYLE ELECTION. , MR. SHORT AT CROOKWELL. r ON Thuradny ovoning Mr. Benjamin Short, ..tho .frootrado . candidate for Argylo, nd- drossod tho oloctors in tho Tomporanco Hall, Orookwoll. 'Thoro was a largo . "gathering, tho hall boitig crowdod. Mr. Goorgo MoDonuld was votod to tho chair, and on tnhing tho position ho snid thoy woro all awnro of tho reaaonB of tho mooting. A number of monsuroa had boon passod by tho Aesombly nod on boing aont to tho Legislative Council thoy had boon rojootcd by that body, and tho Govorn- mont had dooidud to appeal to tho olco- tora. Tho quostion, thoroforo, thoy had . to eottlo at this oloction was, should tho roprosontativoa of tho people govorn tho country or should tho Council do so. Poraonally ho wns but slightly ncqunintod with Mr. Short; but ho had read and hoard a good do'al about him. Ho wna a man of ability, onorgy, and poraoveranoo. (Iloar, lioar.) Ilo had much plonsuro in introducing Mr. Bonjninin Short to thorn ns a oandidnto for tho Argylo oloctorato. Mr. Short, who waa woll rocoivod, said that, although not a etrnngor to thorn, it : was tho first occasion on which ho hnd tho honour of addressing thorn ns n oan didnto for Parliament. Ilo would plnco his prinoiplos boforo thorn, and if thoy boliovod in thorn ho would bo vory glad to rocoivo tlioir confidonco and votes. Only . twolvo months ago tho couutry had docidod with no uncortnin voioo that tho Dibbs tariff should bo swopt away, and land taxation bo in troduced. Mr. Roid promisod, if ho got into power, to swoop nwny tho duties within twelve months and to replace thorn with a land and incomo tax. Thoy know tho result. Mr. Roid cnino into powor, introducod tho nocossnry monstiros, which wore passod by tho Assombly but woro rojeotwl by tho Council. Mr. Roid said that if tho Council did not pnsa tho mea sures somothing would bavo to givo way. Tho Counoil challongod M r. Reid to nppoul to tho country, and tho chnllongo was ao- aoptod. Mr. Roid nclcnowlodgod that tho Council in thopasthad donogood work ; but oil no loss thnn four occasions thoy had do- footed the introduction of land and incomo taxation. Throo Governments had put up with tho rojoction of tlioir monsuros by . tho Oounoil,but Mr. Roid would not stand it. Tho Council had also thrown out the . Elootoral Act Amondmont Bill, and had thus disfranchised no less than 15,000 electors. Ten thousand of thoso woro young mon who had roacliod twonty-ono yoars of ago during tho past yoar, and about 5000 woro slionrers mid othor oloc tors who would probably bo absent from thoir eleotoratos during tho oloetion. It \- wns wrong that this large numbor of oloo- tors should ho disfranchised, no roforrod to tho rojoction by tho Counoil of tho Loan Bill, which would liavo boon tho moaus of providing work for n numbor of i no uuompioyou. xuo uouucu nan vir tually sot tho peoplo of tho country at dc- franco. Thoy as much as snid, Tho pooplo do not know what thoy want. Wo forty nominoos know host what is good for thorn. Tho fight at tho present oloction would not bo botwoon frcotrndo and pro tection, although thoso would not bo lost sight of, but it would ho for reform of tho Uppor Houso. Mr. Roid said this reform would ovorsliadow oven tho laud tax. Ho (Mr. Short) wns a strong supportor of tho Roid Oovoruinout nnd its policy. Ho thought that both protectionists and froo- Bradors should damand that thoso nominoos hould not bo allowed to go on ns thoy had boon doing. Thoy had rofusod tho Dibbs land and incomo tax proposals, hut thoy adopted tho Dibbs tariff bohiud tho bnoks of tho pooplo. Horo wns whore the Uppor Houso should havo put its foot down. Whou tho Dibbs tariif was sont to thom thoy should havo said, " Tho pooplo havo not askod for protection but thoy did not do this, bccauso tho land and incomo tnxos would havo nifoctcd I their own pockots, whilo tho tnriil' would placo tho burden on tho poorer classes. Mr. Roid had shown that tho nltorntion in tho fiscal policy wns a vory righteous ono ; that whilo tho moneyed classes hnd boon contributing only £3 por cout. tho working classes had actually contributed 100 por cent, more than tho rnonoyod classos. That had been going on for mora than '10 yonrs, and tho tima hnd certainly arrived for a more oquitablo systom, that our magnilioont harbour should not bo restricted, but that wo should invito tho commorco of tho world. Tho proposals of the Roid Govornmont would oqunliso taxation. Froodom of trndo would soon givo tho colony tho progress it lioodod. Uppor Houso re form had boon an oloctionooring cry for many years. , Tho dilfioulty had to ho facod, but who would hnva tho courngo to faoa it P Mr Roid had tho courngo to i do it. Ho said thoro could bo no pro gressive legislation until tho Uppor Houso was roformod. Mr. Short horo outlinod tho proposals of tho Roid Govornmont for tho alteration of tho constitution of tho Counoil, whioli hnvo already boon pub- lished. _ This, said tho spoakor, was a most satisfactory reform, and, if carried, tho Uppor Ilouso would rooogniso that thoy wore subsorviout to tho Assombly. Ho spoko of tho referendum, whioh wns gaiuing in favour throughout -tho wcMil. Ho said ho likod_ the- |>riuciplo of tho ro foramina,- Tk'tfd ho bnolly oxplainod tho -Ifliihhor in whioh it workod. If a bill that hnd passod tho Assombly was twico rojoctod by tho Uppor Ilouso, it was thon romittod to tho pooplo for tlioir docision ; and if tho pooplo ilooidod in its favour, tho Bill at onco pooaino law. If, howevor, tho pooplo docidcd against tho bill, it could not bo ro-introilucod to Parliamont for throo years. With regard to retronoh- mont, ho had no sympathy with tho sort of retrenchment ndoptod by tho Dibbs Govornmont — clipping somothing off ovory man's salary. Mr. Roid was right in suggosting that tho sorvico should bo put undor a board of oommissionors. Evory man should bo paid nooording to his worth, and not linvo his salary clippod indisoriminatoly. Tho spoakor roforrod to tho baleful inlluonca of political patron- ago and said no former Govornmont had tho courngo to faco retrenchment. Tho Roid Govornmont dosorvod to bo sus- tainod bocauso of thoir courago in de termining to faco tho difficulty, and tho electors should return mon to tho Houso plcdgod to holp thorn. With regard to fodorabion, ho said that protoctionists a few yoars ago woro opposed to it booauso it would bring about frootrado botweon tho culonios. Now thoy woro oo- opornt- ing with tho fodoral party to bring it about. Ho boliovod thoy would havo fodorntion boforo long, but thoro woro othor 18su03 to bo sottlod first. Somo pooplo spoko of tho disparity in tlio size anil importances of tho colonios as a bar to fodorntion ; but ho thought thoy could havo unity without uniformity. Unity was strength, and whon tho colonios woro unitod thoy would bo strong enough , to repot any onomy that enmo to thoir shores. Individually tho colonios would bo oasily worstod, but unitod thoy would bo liko tho bundlo of sticks. Ho would tell them that ho boliovod in frootrado bocauso ho boliovod in tho goldon rulo of doing to othors ns thoy did to him, bo causo ho found that no ono country could provido ovorything, and it soomod to him that frcotrndo was tho froo intorohango of tho difforout commodities of tho ditloront countrios. Frootrado had como to stop. Ho did not bcliovo in lighting with his brotlior bocauso ho livod on tho othor sido of tho Murray. Tho proteotionists boliovod in oxports, hut not iu imports, bocauso thoy wanted to mako tho host thoy could for thomsolvos. Bat if thoy wnntod to ho reciprocal, why not allow othor countrios to sond thoir goods horo.' Many protoctionists hold thnt tho con- sumor did not pay tho duty, which thoy nllogod foil on tho oxportor. This was incorroot. For instanco, suppose n mor- chant in Sydnoy sunt toanothor for £1100 worth of goods, on whioh ho hnd to pay £125 duty, if ho sont to tho exportor ami askod him to refund this £125, did thoy think ho would got it ? No fonr. With the aid of a blackboard and a piooo of ahalk, Mr. Short gave an oxamplo of how tho vnluo of £100 worth of goods im ported wns iuoronsod to tho consumer, through customs dutios nnd morohauts' profits, to £100 12/4. If tho Customs dutios wore swopt away this cost would bo reduced by 22 por cout. Tho 10 por cent, duty collootod by tho Stato oost tho consumor 22 por cont. Ho favoured both land nnd incomo taxos. Thoy wantod to get at tho goutlomau who owned 30,000 aoros of laud, intoraporsod with reads and bridges made with tho inonoy of tho taxpayor, and townrds tho construction of whioh tho owner had paid nothing. Did thoy think Buch a man would bo ruinod by. the imposition of a tax of a Id. por aero on his land ? Dr, MnoLamin, tho loader of tho opposition in tho Uppor House, spoko nbout tho poor widow loft with 3500 noros of land and who would havo to pay £1.'! a yoar iu tax ation, but ho did not say anything about tho othor poor widows who havo to earn thoir living nud whoso nccossitios are taxed. Thoro woro many pooplo who woro afraid of tho land tax, but thoy nood not bo, bocauso it was only on altoration in tho incidonco of taxation. It would not amount to ns much ns each contribu tor paid through tho Customs, and tho country would ho froo of a rostriotivo tariff. Ilo thought tho oxoinptions wore too high, and that in tho land tax should bo rcilucod to £200. Ho did not think any alteration in the oxoinptions would bo mndo, its Mr. ltoid wishod to send tho Bills back to tho Council in tho sainoform in whioh thoy rofusod thorn. By a state ment submitted by Mr. Roid somo days ago it wa3 shown that 28,(500 pooplo would pay tho land tax. Of thoso, .11, 000 would not pay more thnn £2 a piooo por annum; 2800 would not pay more than £0 a pioco ; 7400 would not pay more than £18 a pioco; 5800 would not pay more than £40 a yoar ; and only 1600 would pay ovor £40 a year. Yot it wit said that a ponny in tho £ tax would ruin tho landownors. If nil customs taxos woro romittod prospority would como to tho country, nnd m that prosperity nil would share. Ho now camo to a matter in whioh thoy woro all vory muoli in- torostod — tho Orookwoll railway. They had soon what ho had published in his nddrosB on this subjoct. Ho askod thoro if it was not significant of tho ah- . sonco of intluonoo on tho part of thoir formor roprosontativo3 that various linos with not half tho claims of tho Orook woll lino are being introducod by tho Gov ornmont whilo ours is loft out in tho cold. Ho did not wish to sny ono word against any of thoir . formor mombors. He bo liovod that Mossrs. Holborow, Ball, and Roso hnd dono thoir host to got tho rail way, Mr, Roso had to tho utmost of his ability sorvod tho constituency faithfully. Ho (tho speakor) was vain enough to say thnt ho boliovod ho had tho intluonoo to got tho railway. (Uhoors and laughtor.) If ho wont iu ho plodgod himsolf not to rost until the railway was an accomplished fact. Ho plodgod himsolf, bocauso ho was going to domand it as a right. If they had a ropresontattvo of influonco, onorgy, and porsoveranco ho boliovod thoy would got thoir railway. Ho did not abBolutoly prom ise thorn tho railway, hut ho promisod to do his utmost to cot it. Thonrcumontho would ubs was this : — If you do tho work now, when labour is ohoap nnd plentiful, you will got tho lino mndo for £1500 a milo, or loss, but if you do not givo it to mo now, you will not got. it dono so ohoaply. Roforring to his oonnootion with tho A.M.P. Sooioty, as a proof of his ability in tho matter of reform, ho pointod out thnt during tho throo yoavs ho had boon a director of that sooioty he had carried out sovoral important reforms ho had plodgod himsolf to. Ho sucooodod iu getting on tho board of tho sooioty whon everybody said ho had uot got tho ghost of n show, Boouring 30,000 votes. Whon ho retired from tho board by rotation, tho chairman of tho board, Sir J. P. Abbott, for tho first timo in tho history of , tho sooioty, coniplimontod him nnd rogrottod that, undor tho by-laws, tnoy had to do without his services for a yoar. Ho askod thom to givo hiin a ohanco of using his onorgios and what intluor.co ho possossod in thoir favour. . --Ho was vory glad to bo nblo .to say to his friends tho working classos that ho rogardod himsolf as ono of thom. Ho was appronticod to a coaoh- buildor, had boon a journeyman, and had true sympathy with tho working olassos. Mr. Short wound up a spiritod and woll- .dolivorod address by quoting somo linos of pootry about tho brothorhood of man, conoluding with tho statomont that if thoy wishod to kolpthoir follow-mon thoy must coaso to bo protoctionists. In roply to a quostion by Mr. Gunn, Mr. Short said that if tho occasion aroso ho would voto against paymont of mombers. In roply to Mr. R. J. Stophonson, Mr. Short said that ho wns not in favour of oxoinpting municipalities from tho opera tion of the land tax. Mr. Schroodor : Supposo Id. in tho £ land tax would not oovor oxpondituro, what guarantoo havo tho landownors that tho tax will not bo inoronsod to ovon (id. in tho £? Mr. Short : Suifioiont for tho day is tho ovil thoroof. No Govornmont would givo a guarantoo that tho tax would not bo inoronsod ; hut ho boliovod that with retrenchment and looal govornmont tho gonoral rovonuo would bo sufficiently roliovcd to admit of tho roponl of tho Dibbs dutios. A land tax would bo tho moans of bursting up tho enormous ostatos in tho colony, and tho young mon would bo nblo to acquire homos for thomsolvos. Since tho introduction of tho land tax in Now Zealand ho had sold land to ad vantage that boforo tho tax ho could not soil at all. Mr. A. Nixon : Are you in favour of tho remission of solootors' intorost. Mr. Short : I am in favour of giving tho longest torm possiblo for payment, or I would bo in favour of reducing tho intorest, as had beon dono in tho caso of wator supply works. Mr. Nixon: Do you think it fair that tho solcotor would havo to pay Id. por acre tax in nddition to. tho !)d. por acre ho is already.' paying! whilo tho frooholdor would pay only tho Id. an aoro ? Mr. Short: If I thought tho impost unjust I should voto against it, and vice versa. In reply to a quostion, Mr. Short said that tho first businoss of tho now Parlia mont should bo reform of tho Uppor Houso. Until that was dono, no othor reforms could take placo. Federation would havo to wait until reform of tlio Uppor Houso and tho removal of tho Dibbs tariff had boon accomplished. Mr. J. James proposed, "That Mr. Bonjamin Short is a fit and propor parson to represent tho electorate of Argylo in tlio Logislativo Assombly." Ho thought tho timo had como whon tho constituonoy should bo roprosontod by an onorgotio man. Ho roforrod to tho groat wasto of timo that had occurred through tho action of tho Uppor Houso. It was tho fault of tho oloctors thomsolvos if thoy woro not pro- porly roprosontod ; and he was afraid thoy had in tho past boon too indifforont in not j udioiously oxoroising thoir rights at tho ballot-box. Ho had known Mr. Short for years, and ho could spoak of him as an honourable and ouorgetic man, who would mako a good mombor. Ho referred to Mr. Short's succossful efforts in the A.M.P. Sooioty, nnd thought tho olootors of Argylo should givo him a trial. Mr. Jamos Olomonts soconded tho motion. He had before votod for Mr. Short in oonnootion with tho A.M.P. Sooioty. In putting tho resolution tho ohairman said'ho was ploasod with the vory orderly chnrnctor of tho mooting, whioh was ono of tho bost-oouduotod political inaotings ho had ovor becu at. Tho motion wns thon put to tho mooting nnd parnod unanimously, amidst applause. In acknowledging tho voto, Mr. Short said ho was vory ploasod to hoar tho ap plause, hut ho would liko it to bo in his favour at tho oloso of tho poll. It was tho most ordorly and nttontivo mooting ho had over boon at. ' Ho had spoken woll of Mr. Roso, and if ho could not got into Parliamont on his own merits, ho cer tainly would not try to got thoro by abusing his opponent. Tho oloctors wore not now rop'rosentod by Mr. Roso. Thoy had boon marriod to Mr. Roso twolvo months ago, but tho tio was now dissolvod, and thoy would uot commit bigamy by allying thomsolvos to him (Mr. Short) ; nnd ho was thoro that even ing to pop tho quostion. (Laughtor.) Ono olootor had snid to him that ho was too old to go into Parliament. Now, ho did not think ho was nn old man ; ho was only 02, and ho boliovod ho had sovo ral years' good work in him yot, nnd if thoy olootod him ho would givo tho vory host attontion to thoir wants. His iutor- osts and theirs wore ono. It ho got tho railway it would inoroaso tho vnluo of his proporty in tho district, and it would also inoroaso thoir prospority. If thoy votod for tho protootioniet oandidnto, thoy must recollect that thoy woro voting for tlio Upper Houso. Mr, Short concluded by proposing n voto of thanks to tho ohair man, whioh was carried by acolamation, and Bliitnbly rospondod to. During his address Mr. Short was most attentively listonod to and frequently ap plauded. 