'BOUT TOWN. (By 'A Ghost.') *' But that I'm forbid I could a talc unfold ' whose lightest Word would harrow up thy i soul.' — bhakespenre. Sickenin' I Ain't it ! . But they say des perate cases require desperate remedies, and ' Jimmy's' chaacc must be getting desperate when it requites so many columns of sorry slobber, made up chiefly from very crude creen logic administered twice a week to keep it from expiring altogether. It's posi tively sickening. But it just made 'em feel mad when they discovered it was the inten tion of the ,(Ghost' to stand in the interest of the noD-gullabto common sense crowd I flbaJJ oddresa the electors the night after the . election because its a well known fact that excitcment runB just as high the night after as the night before. In the meantime I place my views before you, and request you, Mr Editor, not to spoil my chauce by strain ing after effect with big head lines, and mind, no slobber. * My views|(of coarse, if they don't suit can be altered. On the land question I be lieve in the British and Australian right of every man holding a freehold, and when he's holding it to hold it us free as possible from revenue taxes. Mr Henry George and Mrs Henry George, and the little Henry Georges to the ? anywhere yon like. There's been a lot of 'prentice tinkering about that Land Act, and Mr Chanter is reported to have said the other day in Dcniliquin that 'the new Land Act had locked up 8,000,000 acres from settlement for the next 28 years.' Blow me, its settlement we want. (A voice from the back: Yes, yonr creditors do.) I'll settle that man after I get in. * I am fn fav.or of borrowed money, and have always consistently availed myself of all opportunities. Foreign borrowing I never tried, and so should oppose. With very extended terms of repayment this should go a long way to restoring posterity, no, I mean prosperity. * * * I am neither a freetrader nor a protection ist but a little of both, and to talk glibly of either in this electorate is only to set up a dummv to knock down again. A sort of red herrin across the scent, because the extreme 'of either is bad (' Jimmey's' an extreme freetrader), and the only fear is (if any) we should get too much freetrade and so become the dumping ground of the world's surplus shoddy. * * * There must be a revenue, and you got to ! pay it. Therefore a Little judicious protec- I tion ensures you good articles not any dearer I i than free shoddy, and leaves the landholder I free to produce. Too much protection means the same as too much freetrade, viz., all shoddy. Vide Victoria. Ergo, put in Newton or the ' Ghost,' and yon'U get the right thing. v The ' Grazier' ' picked up poiuts at Newton's meeting,' but when trying to get them into its head they slid 'off into its neck. Head too thick. Take that point about ' pianos just as much tools or trade of the girl who teaches music, &c.;' I saw the girl, and she says that if there isn't a little duty on pianos there would be a tax on land, and if she couldn't pay the increased rent her piayo might get seized under dis* traint. ' Besides,' sa.id she, 'I make most of my income by letting my pupils practice on my piano, and if everybody had a bag of rattles my occupation would be gone.' After kissing away her tears, I came away folly convinced that the piauos and buggies (any that's any good) are the exclusive pro* perty of the rich, and should be taxed a little. Now, you can do without a valuation of the 'UrazierV' 'intellectual assets' because he ain't got any. On the liquor question, no person that ever knew me ever bad any doubt about my opinion of a long oolonial. Beer should be put down, and no person could accuse me of inconsistency about this, excepting when I couldn't keep it down. Anyway, £ will try to be sufficiently ambiguous about it to secure if possible the votes of both parties. V . I And now, gentlemen, 1 ask for your vote because I have no fad, and am neither an extremist or a ' political economist' work ing4for my own personal advancement. I have never been worshipped ridiculously as a Bmall god in the colomns of any rag, but with the promise of your vote for the com mon sense candidate,' Adien politics. j V j From the ridiculous to the sublime* From politics to the ballet. Yes I its an easy transition for me. Oh ! You girls, you giddy youne girlB, Such a nice little hop, and how delightful of the boys to pay the piper, and that, too, to all those tofis down to the dancing with Serpolette and Ger main, andjdi the pretty chorus. It was too awfully good and nice of - these . young men, but they beemed to enjoy it as young Wool bale from Jumbuck station flopped round the room with the best looking girls. And then the music was just delightful ; best ever heard in Hay. Ob, you good young | men you surely can't last. #♦* Well done, Mr Haines. I tipped your orew with three others as likely winners. Only four orews iu it ? Well, that's why I didn't pick four others. Mr Acocks told me after the race that his crew was a certainty until someone in Meeson's crew pointed out that bleary looking optic known as ' Eagle Eye' watching on the bank. It put him into a turmoil at onoe, and - the race from that moment was over. Visions of probable 'barrack' floated before his half-dazed vision, and he caught a crab. He has awora thatif he ever gets his hand on that optio it will close right up at once (and probably wink with the other.) . Business in food supplies is' Bald to have fallen off the last day or two and ib thought to Jia\e done so on account of the aldermen ^»nd going into .training for - that bigieed to taU-rplace on friday teveh-^ ing (Show night); £ 'Every care shoSld 'be taken to see that itfs a good one because | there are some epicures about. A 'genus bomo' of this sort was discovered a few I days ago. He was supposed to be serving his country, whose country he was, and the Government not caring to jtrust him home to lunch generously provided him and some others with a free feed, which has been de scribed to me a fair, good, clean square meal. After eating a not over mean allow ance of that same fee# he denounced it as ' 'orrid.' And that opinion was publicly proclaimed without any of the other blokes being consulted. Caterer beware. A napkin, finger glass, and tooth- pick placed artistically round a small fried chop will, make your reputation'lf the right man tarns np. ? 