If it could be that the suggested amalgamation of the co-operative companies in connoction with .the sale and exportation of dairy pro duce should ,be decided on at the meeting of delegates to be held in Sydney on the 10th instant those who, we think, or unwisely advocated the -winding up of the South Coast Company will have attained their object in so far as that object was in harmony with the best interests of the industry and the shareholders, and should receive their support. We are not informed on the point, but it may be that the subscribed capital of the Cold Climate and South Coast Com panies would be amply sufficient for both if they were united, and in that case there would be no necessity for putting in force the power of placing preferential shares on the open market recently granted by the shareholders of the latter company. The articles of association on which the two companies mnentioned are based is for the sale and exportation of dairy produce, and whether the Milk Company, which was primarily established for the oretail milk trade of Sydney, and has since utilised its necessary refrigerating apparatus as /1 a creamery for the manufacture' pf. butter beyond its original intentions, should beincludedunder the new process or can be'reckoned among the co-opera tive companies which should amalga. mate is a question we do not undertake to decide, When the South Coast Com pany engaged in the retail milk trade without the consent of its shareholders it ended disastrously, and whether that trade should or should not be included in the suggested amalgamation for the sale apd ,export of butter, cheese, &o.;, is a. question for serious consideration. But whether or not ;ci ' certain that all the. oo-operativo com panies connooted with the latter branch of the business must amalgamate, other wise we may go. on adding agents to the already overgrown list, and corn panioes ihose intorests are antagonist to each other and to the wellbeing of the industry iad libituin until the unfortunate dairymen have not the ghost of a show asilong them, Amalgamation for the purposes above noted involves a vallpa. 'tow of the aeoots of oaoh ,ompanyu ?n adjustment of the shares and liabilities, so that all interests should be treated justly and a fresh start made on equal toermns, the highest aim being to serveo the dairymen. There would thus be a settlement of conflicting into rests, and a union of forces, financially, commercially, and collec tively as regards the dairymen that would be irresistible. The entire busi ness, fjom the working of the farm tul tW produce thereof passes into dreha{ids of the consusmer, would be undor the control of the producer, and if this principle does not underly or form the basis of everything that is done at the big meeting to be held in Sydney eight days hence it will accom plish very little for the benefit of the industry. We are prepared to moot with preolilections in favour of vested interests, . friendly, family, and social ties, but if any of these or all combined are allowed to come between the dairy faomers and their best interests they must be swept aside, and whatever the outcome may be if it fails in securing a complete union of forces, on true co operative lines, the meeting of delegates will be labour lost. If ever there was a time in the history of the dairying industry when the producers should think and work together for their own advantage it is now, when production has been forced beyond the limits of the colonial demand and prices must be tuledby a market 16,000 miles away, a market, too, which will not have a second rate article at any price, and to reach which involves a handicap of twopence halfpenny per lb as against any other country exporting butter to the English market, Another reason for absolute unity on the part of pro ducers will be furnished by their own recent experience of present low rates, with the small hope there is for any con. siderable improvement in the future, and if this kind of unwelcome educe. tion does not drive them into union, which is strength, anything in the shape of argument would be lost on them. A good deal may be said in favour of the co-operative companies and the good they have accomplished in byegone days, especially by those who are responsible for their advent, or who have been connected with their trianage. meoat ever since, But the fact of there being a plurality is a violation of the co-operative principle unless it can be shown that the business then to be done was too large for one. Others may doubtless Tbe found who would prefer that one should retire and leave the whole business to the other, But here vested interests and the !predilec tions we have already named would stop in and effectually prevent it, And just as, certain as the old proverb "United we stand; divided we fall" is true, so sure is it that amalgamation could, take place without breach of'falth of principle or loss of prestige, and without it the new scheme cannot be catrried out, as the establishment' of another co- oporative association, by whatever name it may be called, would be in opposition to the principle of co-operation which it inculcates. There might be a slight loss in the matter of plant, but there would be a gain in the matters of rouent, taxes, clerlcal work, general matinge. mont, and augmentation of business, which would soon recoup that loss, and what is of more importance, the pro ducers through their representatives would have complete control of thei market, which alone, to them, .would soon cover all possible loss, Another advantago of amalgamation would be that more than any other miatter or consideration it would encourage the co.operative spiritamong the dairymen, with which and perfect representatlon every'ittchl w ld l buried and every inducemen give fo that complete union of ocs hichvould in very deed make the producers lnastora of the situation, Without this there is in otur opinion very little hope of a change for the better, but with it, a brighter pros. peat for the producers would soon dawn, At all events, that there is groiat need of a change in the direction of co-operation and the concentrajion of sales within lines dominated by the producing element, goes without saying, The first step in that direction, the sug, gastod amalgamation being fairly and legally acco plished, tchk secoid will be the selootioa of $usinuds premises, and though on this subject there may be mnore than one opinion, those premises most centrally situated and equal to the necessary expansion, will on the scores of convenience and economy be haturally chosen. Than will follow the election of directors, or trustees as they are called in the new scheme, from ovary dairy centre, and the appointment of president and manager. 