Established August, 1842. -o0 hQ oriland u artdian, With which is incorpo.rated ,hr 'fortlantd tlirror. Publithed at -ortla(ii Everyrl Monduy, Wed ne7k's,'. and Friday Ere ',ry. IMONDAYv, 9JULY 2, . PORTLAND SHIRE COUxCIL. -The ordinary meeting of this Co-ncil takes place to-morrow at the usual hour. R:.!ovAu..-In a recent issue we stated that .Mr. W. Phillips, a teacher in the local State school, had received an intim ation of his removal to another school. His new duties will be in the Ballarat dis trict at a school at Napoleon and he will leave Pcrtland to assume charge on Wednesday. As we stated before MIr. Phillips' removal will cause a blank not easily filled and while we regret he has to leave the town we trust the result will prove considerably to his advantage. TRAIN ALTERATION.-In consequence of the alteration in the tri weekly train service, whereby the train from Ararat to Portland and return will run cn Mondays instead of Tuesdays as heretofore, sub scribers to the "Guardian " are noti fied that on each Monday the papers will be forwarded by the afternoon train on that day to all stations between here and Hamilton. LICENSING POLL,-The following places have been appointed polling places for the poll to be taken on August 22 to deternine whether or not the number of Victuallers Licenses in the Heywood Licensing District shall be increased : Mechanics Institute, Heywood; Court House, Macarthur; State School, Hot spur; State School Narrawong; State School, No. 1692 Myamyn, and State School Drik Drik. The poll will open at S a.m. and close at 5 p.m. ANOTHER MINING ACCIDENT - A fearful accident occurred on Saturday at Eldorado. A fall of earth took place in the McEvoy's Co.'s claim, and six men lose their lives. The mine, it is ex pected, will be flooded. PORTLAND POLIce CocRT.-At this Court on Saturday morning, Constable Thynne proceeded against two young men, strangers to the town, for being drunk and disorderly in a public place on the 19th inst. Both prisoners pleaded guilty. The constable not having much trouble in arresting and locking them up. they were each fined is or 24 hours' imprisonment. Messrs. P. W. Shevill and XV. Hanlon, J's.P., were the pre siding magistrates. THE JrLIA PERCY COLI.ISION.-At a special meeting of the Marine Board on Friday (Captain A. Currie presiding) re ports were received relative to the col lision between the steamer Julia Percy and the lighter Howart, in tow of the tug Albatross, which occurred in the Yarra on tith inst. It was decided, on the recommendation of the expert com - mittee, to prefer a charge of misconduct for careless navigation against Henry Beesey, master of the Julia Percy. The case will accordingly be investigated by the Court of Marine injury. A LIFEBIOAT ASHORE.-The Com missioner of Police at Adelaide on Thursday received the following tele gram from Mount Gambier.--" bhip's lifeboat washed ashore near the Gelt wood wreck. Police instructed to make thorough search for dead bodies, boat sails or oars." OUR GOVERNOR.--Lord Brassey, who succeeds the Earl of Hopetoun as Governor of Victoria, left Bourvemouth on Saturday in his yacht, the Sunbeam, bound for Australia. SMITH V, SYME. - The jury have awarded one farthing damages in the above case. The question of costs will be considered by his Honor later on, OUR TELF.GLAMS.-O wing to some unexplained cause our telegrams have not come to hand at the time of going to press. The train alteration is per haps the cause of this. A MISSING ISLAND? TRA??..--The mysterious disapparance of the inter island trader, The Sea Ghost, -with two British subject on board, is reported from the So!omon group. The Sea Ghost went up the Bouganville Straits trading several months ago, and up to the time the ('hittoor sailed for Sydney nothing had been heard of either tre vessel or her c ew. A trader his re ported having picked up % reckage. which tvas supposed to be from The Ghost. He believed that the crew had been murdered by the natives, the vessel being looted and then cast ashore to hide all traces of the muder. Accot' Ts.-The followine accounts await payment at the local Sub-Treasury this morning for Campbell and Sons, G. Day. T. Hickey, Portland Borough Council, Exors. H. Rosenbloom, H. Stephens, T. Shanasy, T. G. Henry. \V. Duff, Pitts and Hogan, Golasmith and Da:is, S. Dudden, and F. W. Uilithorne. Loao BRASSEY.-A farewell banquet was given at London, on July iSth to Lord Brassey, Governor designate of Victoria, who is about to sail for Mlel bourne in his yacht, the Sunbeam. Among the guests were the Earl of Hopetoun and Sir Henry Loch, ex Governors of Victoria; the Marquis of Ripon, late Secretary of State for the Colonies, and Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, Go:ernor designate of South Australia. .,r. Duncan Giilies, Agent General for Victoria, presided, and in proposing the health of Lord Brassey said that many thousands of welcomes were awaiting him in Victoria. Lord Brassey, in responing said, that his chief object in undertaking the Governor ship of Victoria was to do what he could to promote the union of the Empire. Lady Brassey and himself were eager to give their whole hearts to promoting the provperity, the hat piness and the elevation of the people. (Cheers.) He should regard it as his greatest duty as a Colonial Governor to foster the kindly feelings and to bind closer the silken fetters of mutual pride and affection between Great Britian and her colonies. The Marquis of Ripon, who also spoke, expressed a hope that the Australian colonies would maintain the salaries of their Governors at an adequate rate, and so facilite the selec tion of suitable representatives of the Crown by the imperial Government. DENTIsTRY.-Mr. W. T. Shanasy, surgeon dentist, will visit Heywood to morrow, and n:av be consulted up to o p m. at Hanlon's. He wdll arrive in Portland on Tuesday evening, and may be consulted up to Thursday at the Gordon Hotel. SeEasrT.Ariox.-Aa order has been made for the compulsory sequestration of the estate of Louis Grant. contractor, Horsham, FOOTBALL.-A football match will be played on Wednesday next, between teams representing the Baptists, English and Catholics, v. the WVesleyans and Ptcabytcrian5. THE Customs station at Merino was closed on July I. ArrpLICAiTIos for licenses have been approved to--James Kerr. 320 acres, parish of Warrain ; Owen Jones, 5 acres parish of Glenaulin: and Jas. Hassett. i"8 acres parish of Byaduk. FENCING R-ikLs.-Tenders are else where invited for the supply of 15,000 fencing rails. It is stated that particulars are at the Ileywood station, but why a copy is not also at Portland is strange considering the number of persons en gaged in the local forest at this business. Victo'ian factory made butter is sell ing in London at 95s. per cwt. Probate has been granted to the will o the late Sir bamuel \Vihson. The value of the estate is set down as [130,000. At a parade of the (Port Fairy G.A., last \Wednesday, a circular was read notifying the intention of the government to reduce the allowance. The new rate of payment was accepted by the men. Max O'Rell says that by the wedding ceremony the French woman gains her liberty, the English woman loses hers. and the American woman continues to do as she pleases. The original of Jlohn Gilpin was, it is said, a Mir Beyer, a linendraper, who lived at the Cheapside corner of Pater ncster Row. He died in 1791 at the age of nearly a hundred years. Professor (Rennie, of the university, has examined a sample of bitumen found neat the mouth of the Glenelg River, on the Victorian boundary, and forwarded to him by a south-eastern oil syndicate, The sample when distilled yielded 60 per cent. of its weight of oil. The oil was a complicated mixture, em bracing different types of mineral oil. Whtlst digging for gold at Tubba Rubba, near D)ronmana, a man named .Moat found, at a depth of 3 feet, a silver open faced hunting watch and a set of gold scales and weights, which he handed over to the police. They are supposed to have belonged to a man named Moriaty, who was murdered in the vicinity about 22 years ago. A man nIlamed Shannon was tried for the crime and acquitted. In connection'with the national testi monial to W'. G. Grace, some of his adrirers were foolish enough to go the length of suggesting that W. G. had as much claim to knighthood as lHenry Irving ! A correspondent of the London " Sportsman wittily cut up these fulsome flatterers by ironically remarking that nothing less than a peerage would adequately meet the case and jcoculary suggested the title Lord of " Lords '! Private post cards may now be used by any person and sent through the post under a penny stamp, provided the card is ot the regulation size; but there must be nothing fixed, written or printed on the front except the address and the stamp. It is found that people are breaking the rules by printing advertise. ments and other matter on the face of the cards. In future the rules will be enforced by carging such cards at the letter rate, and the receiver will brve to pay the deficient postage, with a fine of equal amount added, 