f ENGINE CHASED :I BY A TORNADO. i " I don't boliovo that fright over turned a person's hair -white off-hand," said Hpnry Wothoroll, an onginoer of tho Jeraoy Control Railroad. "If suoh a thing could happen these looks of mine would not bo. as black as you see them now, for I will venture to say that no man ever went through a moro fear- inspiring experience than I did once. Tell yqu the story i Why, certainly. But I am not very good at a yarn, and I can only give you the bare foots without dcscriptivo ornamentation. " It happened this way : Tho yoar was 1878 or 1879, I forgot whiob. Anyway it was sometime in July. Tho woather bad been pretty hot, and it was just the sort of day for breeding a tornado. " But I am getting ahead of my story already, not being very export in tho way of anecdote. I was working on a ouo-horse railroad in Southern Kansas. Tiie super intendent wired mo to fetch my engino a distance of about 70 miles to a place culled Feterstown. It was wanted to haul a lot of perishable freight, mostly market produce, which had got shunted off by somo accident on to a side track and was in full danger of spoiling. A suit against tho company might have followed, and the business hnd to bo attended to in a hurry. Tboro wcro only neven locomotives on the road, barring two or three that were disabled. 'Well, not to be too long-winded, I got fuel and water aboard as quickly as possible and started for Petcrstown taking it rather easily, because it was not in condition to stand fast running well. I was about an hoar ont from my starting place, and bad gone 16 miles perhaps, when I noticed somo rather queer-looking clouds on tho western horizon. ' The dey was exceedingly sultry, and there was a carious sort of glare over tho landscape which made it look sort of foverish. I can't think of a batter word for describing it. There was something rnnatural about the appearance of everything. My fireman was a boy who bud boon brought up in that region, and he said it looked liko a tornado coming. He ought to havo been a good judge of the symptoms, becauso tho whale of his family, together with all tboir property and lirs stock, had boon wiped out by such a ' twister,' as thoy call them, and when he hardly old enough to toddle. ' By this time we had gone r-aybe eight or ten miles further, a dense bank of clouds had spread around thq towards tho south west. It was black-uB ink, but beneath it was a blank streak" of white. I had never seen anything' that looked quite like it before. lAb I looked at it thu bank rose highernnd presently I saw something liko a sWp point of cloud project itself downward jjjftnn tho blaok mass. All this time there — tiJ'was no thunder or lightning, but only a look about the sky that was dreadful to see, because it was so unnatural-like. It seamed as if something was going to happen. It wus the hoy who had called my attention to to tho pointed clond, and he said it was a tornado beginning. 'I protended not to bo afraid, and said that if it was a ' twister ' it would not be likely to bit us. But ho was as pule as u ghost. Says ho : ' Don't you seo that it ia directly south- 4 west of us V 1 ' Why, certainly,' I replied. I IIIIIJ II I Ml III Hlll'l'l IIII|II|IP|M|P; \ 1 and we aro right in the track of. ' V t- ' Then wo'll run away from it, I guess,' I says j, pulling tho throttle wido open. But V thu hoy, ho suid nothing— only watched the B clouds in tho distance. f ' Hy this timo thu pointed cloud had got very much biggur, tho lower end of it neaily toucliiiig tho ground. It grow rapidly larger oud larger and seemed to ho approaching at a greut rate of speed, while llio lest of the view towards tho west und southwest becainu blurred to thu eye, so that nothing could ho madu out clearly. I saw- that it was a tornado that was comimr-imd no mis- tako, for tho strangoctgud which had tho X, shape of a gigqfMSpogtop, wob distinctly inky blaoknoss against the 1 began to feoljpretty badly Mavtvaj: ysolf. Now and then when I _ - — liTt- Sit cvo off tbe cloud, 1 looked at / Tlt . 7Vo oniy »"t Silent in tho cab, / tbe boy , : lxireat peg top with staring 3fa,s«4'«hf lipS' Finally I said: "Do y<>tt f we ftre 80,,,K t0 C8tf,lpe it 1 ,( Tvyefru right in its truck,' liu said, wilh- oqLiHobkiug at me. jyS You see, we were running in an air line jjjy over fck prairie, directly northeast, and pur- 8UiDg th® very path in which the tornado was coming. Any other course with the Btearn I had on, would have carried us out of the way. 'Ho shovolled more coal on. Ho had already done so threo or four times siuco the strange oloud was sighted. But it was no use. The engine was doing its best, and she wasn't capable of more than about thirty- eigbt miles an hour. 4 It's gaining on us,' suid. 4 How fast does suoh a thing as that travel f 4 About a hundred miles an hour,' replied the boy, whito as a sheet 1 If that had been true I would not bo here to tell the story. I have sinco learned that eighty miles an hour is supposed to bo the best a tornado can do. My belief is that this one was going about sixty miles. Any way, it wasn't moro than six or seven miles distant by this timo, and gaining on us rapidly. If my reckoning was correct, it would catch us in n littlo more than twonty minutes. The way I calculated it was that tbe great peg-top was moving at tho rate of three miles to our two. <It was the most frightful Bpcctaclo to look at that can possibly bo imagined. To me it seemed to be a monstrous giaut, pur suing us as with an ovil intention to destroy. Now and then its blackness would be trans formed into a dark green and it was con stantly lighted up by Hashes, as if it wore an immeoso baloou illuminated from within. It appoared to whirl around with inconceiv able rapidity, and from it came a sound across the prarie as of bellowiug, with a voice so awful that the rumbling of the loco motive was lost to it. Of tho destruction it was accomplishing I could get no notion from my point of view. Fortunately there were few settlements in that part of tho country, but as we passed two or three im≪ hamlets at full speed I could see people . running about trying to find a place of safety. \ 4 The boy staggered to my side— tho rock ing of tho engine mado it difficult to keep one's feet— and clutched my arm. I stooped my head and ho yelled into my ear tho words, 4 make tho bond.' 4 1 know what he meant on the instant. Lea than ten miles ahead of ub was a bridge over a river, -after crossing which the road turned abruptly souteward. It was a freak railway anyhow, and its zigzags were intended to pass through as many supposed centres of future population as possible. The only long stretcli of it in a straight line was just where we got caught by the tornado. If could get to tho bend ahead of the monster wo might run out of its track. 4 As you may well imagine, I had no opportunity to consider the plan calmly and in dotnil, but it struck mo like a flash. It was a race for life sure enough. If that engine never did her forty miles an hour before I think she must have done that and more then. With tho great funnel cloud rushing on bohind us and stendily approach ing we tore over the rails at a frantio rate of speed. I was; fairly crazed at tho ex citement, bo that it almost overcame my sense of fear. I remember distinctly that 1 pulled tbe whistle cord and let the locomo tive scream with all her might, though it could barely be heard in tho roaring of the pursuing tornado. 4 Six miles passed, as well as I could estimate, and the monster was only about four miles behind. Three miles moro and it had lessened the distance by a mile at least. But wo were near the river. A minute later and we were running across the bridge. No time then to heed the warn ing thnt trains must rnn slowly over this stream, or obedience to the sign post. 4 Over the bridge, we flew around the curve and dashed away southwnrd, just in time to see tho mighty baloon pass by with a whirl and a roar, as if all the demons in the infernal regions were let loose. Wo could not make out anything very correctly, the sky being darkened and the air filled with dust, but we knew that wo were safe. A few minutes later tho clouds rolled away and everything was as quiet and peaceful as boforo the storm. We ran back to the bridge, but it wasn't there. It was clean gone, and such remains of it as were left were scattered over the country. Tho road was so badly torn up, .ho track for consider able distances being twicti'L and torn to pieces, that tho expenso of rwjairing it bankrupted tho company. Eleven people 'oat their fives hy that tornado, which afibrded me an experience which I would not repeat for nil the money in the world.' 