INTERESTING WILL CASE. CATHERINE BURLEY'S PROPERTY. Alleged Undue Influence. Extraordinary Circumstances — A Strong Bar— Evidence of a Clergyman. An interesting will case which is likely to extend over several days was commenced in Equity this afternoon before his Honor Mr Justice Manning. Catherine Burley, a widow, aged 75, died in Sydney on October 2, 1894, leaving no issue. By a will made on January 22, 1886, when she resided in Essex-street, Church Hill, she being pos sessed of a considerable amount of property at Marrickville, Redfern and Church Hill, she bequeathed £1000 to St. Mary's R.C. Cathedral, £1000 to St. Patrick's Church, £200 to Sr. Vincent's, £400 to the Sisters of Mercy, Harrington-street, and amounts to the Sydney Hospital and her sisters and other relatives in Ireland. Joseph John Spruson and the late John Douglas Young were the executors and trustees of that will. Somo time afterwards the teBtatrix went to reside with the M'Namaras, and in the beginning of 1891 made certain settlements on tho M'Namaras. Oh July 3 elie made a second will, by which she virtually left everything she had to the M'Namaras, and appointed Dr., Clubbo executor, Dr. Hunter being a trustee, Spruson, as executor of tho first will, now sought by an Equity suit to have tho settlomsnt and the second will set aside, and that probate be . granted to liim on the gronnd that undue influence, Ate., had been brought to bear on the testatrix. There was a probate case, Clubbe v. Sprusou, in which the former moved that probate bo granted to him of the second will. It was stated that the settlements took the whole of the property, including cash. A shorthand writer was appointed to take the evidence, aud his charges, it was docided, should be paid for by the estate. There was a strong bar engaged, no less than seven barristers having briefB. Messrs. Barton, Gregory, Walker aud Lsnger Owen (instructed by, Mr. T. M. Slaltery). appeared for J. J. Sprusou ; Messrs. A. H. Simpson nnd Dawson (instructed by MesBra, John Daw son and Sons) for Jamos Patrick and Ellen M'Namara and children ; Mr. H. P. Owon (instructed by Mr. R. G. D. Roberts) for Dr. C. P. B. Clubbe ; and Dr. Brissenden (instructed by Mr. F, B. Froehill) for Dr. Robert Hunter. A large number of persons, including several females, have been sumnioued to give evidence. The Rev. Father Le Ronnetel, who was the first witness examined by Mr. Barton, said in IS86 testatrix sent for him and asked him to witness her will. Ho declined, and she1 told him she wanted him to be present, as Bhe might forget different things she in tended to pat in it. He told her ha would writo down what she wanted, and she could hand it to her solicitor. The testatrix was very much interested in the mission of Bishop Vidal, of Fiji, and wanted to help bim. She said repeatedly it was the desire of her huBbsnd that she should leave her property to the church. She said " thoso houses," referring to her terrace, "should be lefttothe church." Half of the houses were built at the time of hor husband's death. Her husbutid was a Catholic, and testatrix was always a Catholic. Frpqueutly she reqnested witness to be present when she niado her will. About 1880 she made a will which Mr. Cahill (solicitor) prepared, but she did not sign it, as witness did not go to her. Ho told her he did not think it was proper for him being a. clergyman to witness the will when the teBtatrix lived so near the church. Up to 1889 MrB. Burley, when able to go to church, was a regular at tendant. After 1890 she attended when able. She became less active in the low er limbs, and was paralysed in the legs. After abe ceased to attend at church she used to send for witness, Mr. Barton: From first to last did she ever accuse you of neglect of kindness or want of spiritual administration Never. Did she over speak unkindly of the Sisters of Mercy ? No. On tho contrary, she asked me after she removed from that district to send the Sisters to her. - Had she her own seat in the church t She had. In addition to attending on Sunday did she attend church in the week ? Yes, whenever she. was ill. ... His Honor: In other -words, she con formed to the church. She was a good Catholic. Always a good Catholic, Mr. Barton : Before her removal did she give you s window ? She gave me a window in the church in commemoration of. her husband. It con tained a picture of St. Catherine, her patron saint. Did she speak to you about somebody having broken into the house?- Between four nnd five, months before she became acquainted with Mrs. M'Namara she said that a burglar had entered her bed room, and in order to save her money she asked me to take care of £53 in gold and silver, which was in an old stocking, To take . precaution I wrote..- down .the amount, and she gave it to me, and I gave her a piece of paper so that She or no one else could accuse mo of having done wrong. I returned the money to her. sho told mo she thought- there wero ghosts in her room, and Bbe heard . noises, and saw sights. I simply laughed at it, and told her there was nothing ia it. She stopped speaking of that, as I gave her to understand it was all nonsense. Did she talk in that way before she began to be ill ? No. She began to walk peculiar at the end of 1888. Sho gave me her husband's will and her own- will and her bank deposit receipts. I bad them in' my possession for 10 months. There were two bank receipts on tho English, Scottish and Australian Chnriored Bank. One was for £3770 10s, and the other for £1000. She said those sums would be mind when sho was gone. Is it possible for yon to bold private pro porly ? No. I belong to the Marist order. The rule is I should be removed every eix years. It is owing to some special circumstances — my boing appointed councillor to the Cardi nal— that I have nut been removed from St. Patrick's. It was about 1883 chat I went thero as parish priest, I had been there before. I held these deposit reooipts until niter Mr. M'Namara camb. Do you remember Mr. M'Namara coming to Church Hill and meeting him at Mrs. Bnrley'e house?" Yes, at the end of April or the beginning of March, 1891. He was then an utter stranger to me. 1 had never seen him bofore, Did Mrs, Burley live expensively? No. On the contrary, she was rather stingy. I also told her so, considering her wealth. Sho was very economical. Always badly dressed ; would never take a good bervant. I told her to take a nurse at £1 a week, but she would not as she was so stingy. She told me her rents came to about £6 10s a week, aud in addition she had the deposits. Did you learn anything from her which enabled ycu to say if aha was attached to hor home? She said repeatedly she would die there and would not allow anyone to take any thing out of the house. Her son died in that honse. What was M'Namara doing there? He nunounoed himself at the agent of Mrs. Hurley. Ho spoko first, I went to, speak to Mrs. Burley and M'Namara said,-. "Do you know I am the agent of Mrs.- Burley ?" | Did you see anyone there the next day ? i ; On tho next day Mrs. M'Nrniara was on, the scone. I was sent for by Mrs. Barley. - I What was going on? Nothing very apecial. I neked Mrs. M'Namara what she was doing there. Shd said out of kindly feeling Bhe intended to nurse Mrs. Buriey. I told her it was a strange thing that a married woman should leave her home and family to nurao a woman who was well able to pay'a nureo ? What reply did she give ? She had none to give. She said she wa9 of a kind disposition. Did Mrs, Burley say anything? She said, " It is vory strange indeed." I said to Mrs. M'Namara, "1 do not know how long yon will bo here, but you must not give Mrs. Burley any intoxicating liquor." Mrs. Burloy used a peoulisr expression when under tho iofluonco of liquor. A stranger might not notice it. I told Mrs. M'Namara, as an instance of the effect of drink on Mrs. Barley, 1 had seen bcr at 10 o'clock one morning sitting in her night dress outside her houso. I saw that on two occasions. The second time was at 12.30— in the mio'dia of the day. Sho was sitting at the door oxposed to all strangers. Sho was very foolish when undor the iufiuence of drink. Itold her to go into her house on the occasions I speak of. Subsequently I told Mrs. M'Namara she had given liquor to Mrs. Burloy. MrB. M'Namara denied it, and I found a bottle of whisky in the bed and threw it out of tho window. Mrs. M'Namara did not and could not deny it was whisky. I told Mrs. M'Namara she should go home. A few days afterwards Mrs. M'Namara saw mo coming, and she shut tho door iu my face, and would uot let mo enter. Ou the first and Bccond occasions 1 saw Mre. M'Namara at the house Mrs. Burley was under the influence of drink. Mrs. M'Namara was dumbfouudedwhen Igot thebottleoi whisky. I might have seen Mrs. M'Namara. at the house once or twice afterwards. At that time I was called away to Queensland. I told Mrs. Burley that Mrs. M'Namara had come there for her money. She was thon quite irightened of Mrs. M'Namara, as she said, " Hush, don't speak so loud, Mrs. M'Namara will hear you." Did Mrs. Buriey driuk before Mrs. M'Namara came there? She used to be sober for five and six months at a time. I told Mrs. M'Namara it was a shame thao Mrs. Burley Bhould be given driuk. On two occasions in the day. time I saw Mrs. Barley in bed. She did not go to bed in the daytime unless she had taken drink. Mrs. Burley would sign anything when under the influence of liquor. When I canto back from Queensland Mr. M'Namara asked me for tho two deposit receipts. I replied I would not give them to him. Then be brought mo a written request signed by Mrs. Burley, dated Bourke- street, April 2, 1891, in which I was asked to give Mr. M'Namara the two bank deposit receipts. He said ho was sorry Mrs. Burley had troatod mo so. I told him it was all his own doing, and especially tile doing of his wife. I_ told him I would not handover the deposit receipts except to a solicitor. I did not take the sigcaturo to be Mrs. Burley's, I handed the doposit receipts to Mr. Shophcrd. I got a receipt, but not being satisfied with it I asked for a second receipt. First of all M'Namara came himself, then with Mr. Shepherd, and then by himself, Mr: Shophcrd was dis- satisfied with the transaction. His Honor : What did ho say ? He said, "This is very dirty business." Do yon know if Mrs. Buriey was. able to read? She never knew how to read or write, Sho couid sign her name. His Honor : Is the signature on the second recoipt like hers ? It is like tho one she would write when intoxicated, but not when sho was sober? After I gave up tho doposit receipts I went to soe the executor of the first will. Did you ace Mrs. Burley after that? Yes, twice ; at Bourke- street. She told me to call again. It was said in an under tone. 1 wont to suo her again, but she had removed from Bourko-stroet and I could not find her. When I saw Mrs. Burley once at that bouse Mrs. M'Namara was lying on one bed and Mrs, Burley was in another bed in the same room. I passed a remark about it, and Mrs. M'Namara pooh- poohed it. On those two occasions was Mrs. Burley friendly to you ? > Yes, I may also say that one day bofore I went to Bourke- streot I met Mrs. Burley in a cab with Mrs. M'Namara. Mrs. Burley tried to stop the cab. I saw that by her manner aud movements. Mrs, Burley spoke to me and gave mo botween £2 and £3 to eay prayers foi her husband, and sho asked me. to call on her. She said she wae very sorry at what had happened. After they left Bourice-street did yon go and eee her ? For eight months I did not know where she was. I found sho was living in Great Buckingbam.'atreet, but when I went there she had gone. I did not find her out after wards. \- Did Mrs. Barley say where she wanted to be buried? Yee, with her husband. At ber request I got from Mr. Kirby a fresh case put -round the leaden coffin of her hus band, and sho said she wanted to bo buried with him and her sou,, I got the address from her of her relatives iu Ireland, A nephew named Phillip Far- roily, about 43 years of age, came out hero and brought a letter of introduction to mo from the parish prieet. I wrote to her relatives aB far back as 1884. She told me she bad done something for her relatives, but she knew they were not in want. The first will was tendered, and witness identified the signature as being that of Mrs. Burley. ' In cross-examination by Mr, A. H. Simp-, eon witness said that for six or seven months' before Mrs. Burley leit Church Hill she was not able to transact Ijpr ordinary business, suoh as effecting a salo of any of horproporty.'Ho had seen Mrs. Burley under the iufiuence of drink, but uot drunk, 15 or lG'timcs. It was not easy to make a stingy woman follow advice about not living so economically. She always refused to have a nurse, and only kept a maid, whom sho paid 6s or 7s a week. At 4 p. in. the case was adjourned till 10.30 a.m. on Tuesday. Tho cross- examina tion of Father Lo Rennetel, who had been in the witness box since 2 p.m., had not concluded when the court adjourned. 