A Rough Initiation. WuEy Jack Wilder aud I received our diplomas as lawyer and physician respec tively we talked of striking out for the "wild and woolly West" in quest of fortune. " \\\ e must look for a locality," I said to him, laughingly, one day, when we were laying our plans for the future, " where the air is full of poison and the people are constantly at loggerheads with each other." " Why not make for Denver ?" said Jack. " ft's coming into prominence i as a ruining centre. We will grow up with the place, so to speak, and what we don't succeed in earning by our pro fessions we can earn, with our little capital, in real estate speculations." Well, the short and the long of it is that, one fine morning, we found ourselves aboard a mixed train, flying westward, bound to Denver, by the way of Kausas City. In those days there was no railroad through to the Pacific. At Kansas Citv we fell in with a party of hunters, bead ing for Denver like ourselves, and we were soon in the saddles ou our long journey over the plains-a journey that proved so uneventful as to be dreadfully monotonous ; and glad, indeed, we were, in the dusk of a lowery day, when we at I last came in sight of our destination. Denver was then in its infancy, and a thousand times more wretched looking than my darkest dream had ever depicted. Imagine one long and miry street, lined on either side with low, roughly built, shantylike houses, that looked for the most part as if a cyclone had swooped down upon them ; here and there a build ing of two stories that appeared inhabit able ; a labyrinth of filthy lanes running in all directions- and, there you have Denver as it was then. Our party halted at the first tavern it came to, that is to say, all but Jack and myself, who, unable to stomach its ap pearance, wallowed 011, stopping once to inquire of a miner for the best hotel in the place, which he informed us was "Pete Denny's," at the end of the street. As we rode up to this establishment in the deepening twilight, we found a crowd of loungers about the entrance, which was through the bar room. And a strange crowd it was. Great slouch hats rolled down over shaggy brows : Iong, unkempt hair and beards ; dirty woollen shirts of all colours ; broad belts, in which were stuck heavy revolvers and sheath knives ; high, coarse cowhide boots, plastered with yellow, clayey mud, such as we had been strug gling through. One face in the motley assembly struck me particularly. It was that of a man of about forty, of powerful build, over six feet tall, with slightly stooping shoulders. Covered with thick hair as high as the cheek-bone, his face was scarred and seared as though its posses sor had spent his life principally in scrimmages ; added to which great, yel lowish-green, owlish eyes and a promin ent beak-like nose made it decidedly re pulsive. Dismounting, we took our large valises from the backs of our horses, which we left in charge of the hostler,' and made our way through the crowd of idlers to the bar room. As I passed the described individual be looked me squarely in the eye and winked familiarly. Nonplussed by the fellow's bold im pudence, I stared at him a second, when he winked at me again with a smirk. His blazeness was so cool, bis proceed ing so extraordinary, that a sadden im pulse seized me to laugh in his face and wink back at him, as if I took his im pudence in good part. Whereat he laughed also, winking knowingly, while the surrounding crowd grinned. As I immediately passed with Jack into the bar room, the latter nudged me in the ribs, whispering, " Keep cool, George, keep cool! No row, for God's sake! Don't mind the loafer." "Never fear," I replied, "I've got my temper by the horns." As I stepped to the bar to secure the best accommodation the place afforded, I found myself followed by a ruffian and his crowd. " Drinks all round, Pete 1" he bawled out, " at the expense of the tenderfeet," accompanying his order with a wink at the bloated fellow behind the bar, then j at me again. I "To be sure," said I, laughing, though I was boiling over with rage; " drinks all round, landlord. The gen tleman took the words out of my mouth. My friend and I are indeed two tender feet, as you call us Eastern boys, just ar rived among you. So let's have the drinks by way of a preliminary intro duction." The crowd, won by my seeming good nature, gave a cheer and proceeded to at tack the bottles which " Pete " set out for them. While I strove to swallow the vile stuff without choking to death, I noticed that my owl-eyed individual stared at me over the rim of his raised glass, and kept winking at me. Shooting several winks at him in return, I put down my empty glass and gave my attention to securing something to eat and lodgings. " You can have the spare room, gen tleman, said Pete," and your supper will be ready in a few minutes. I suppose you would like to go to your room to wash ? Here, Winking Ike, show the gentleman up to the spare room." The one designated by this euphonious cognomen was none other than the bully who had been annoying me. So now it was evident that he was in the habit of winking, or less he had an affection of the facial nerves, which caused him to wink involuntarily. A part of his con duct, therefore, was excusable. Taking up a lighted tallow candle, which Pete had placed on the bar, Winking Ike gave me a wink, and started towards a narrow side door, with Jack and myself at his heels. Ascending a dark flight of stairs, he led us iuto a passage at the end of which was the "spare room," a medium-sized, carpetless department, containing two small cots, a couple of dilapidated chairs, a washstand, and a little round table, upon which he placed the candle, saying to me in a low, mysterious tone, his im pudent, bullying manner changed sud denly to one of certain respect : " We looked for you two days ago, doctor-you and your friend here-and had beguu to get pretty skerry when we found you didn't show up. Everything's alright so far ; there's no suspicion. You've got what you need in them things there "-pointing to my valises "and yon'll not set to work till the house is all quite, for walls have ears. Pete'11 close up to-night extra early on purpose to give you more time to do the job. You'll find it in there," he con cluded, indicating with a jerk of bis thumb a side door in the room, and at the same time backing suddenly to the entrance, with an expression of fear in his ugly face, while his owlish eyes kept winking and blinking. Utterly amazed, I tried to speak, tried to find voice to ask him what he was driving at. Indeed, Jack's tongue seemed tied, too ; and the fellow had al ready backed out of the room and shut the door quickly, and we heard him go bounding down the dark stairs as if a ghost was after him, before either of us could open our mouths to articulate a sound. " Well," said I, finally, turning to Jack, who appeared to be coming out of stupor, "what do you make out of this from the very beginning ?" " I make out of it," he replied, with an effort, " that we are in for some strange adventure. What did he mean by it, setting to work, doing the job-to say nothing of what else he said ?" " Evidently we shall find that out by opening that side door which he in dicated. And he called me doctor. How the deuce does he know I am a doctor? All this looks like a real mystery, Jack. Shall we follow it up ? " I'm with you," said Jack, starting to wards the side door. I caught him by the arm. " Go slow, my boy. Remember his warning about the walls having ears and not to work till the house wbb quiet. Let's wait, and ask no questions, lest we betray ourselves. The more I think of it the more I am convinced that he has, in some unaccountable way, mistaken us for some other people. Who? What sort ? Of course, I cannot conjecture. But certain it is, we are not supposed to be here for any good purpose. Didn't you notice how frightened he looked when he 6poke of it ?" "Yes," said Jack, "and that leads me to believe we are on the point of making some important discovery-I cannot imagine what-but which will bring that villian, and perhaps Pete himself into the toils of the law. Having delivered himself of this sage conclusion Jack washed himself, and after I had done likewise, we went below to see about supper, exerting our selves to our utmost to appear as uncon cerned as possible. Neither Winking Ike nor his com panions were anywhere to be seen, and the landlord, who was waiting on some new customer, directed us to the dining room, slyly handing me, as he did so, something wrapped in paper, which felt like a key. On sitting down to supper I opened the paper, and, sure enough, I found it contained a door key, while on the paper were scrawled several lines, which I made out to read as follows this Key fits the Dore between the rooms-don't unlock it til the house is still don t kum to Baragin tonite and ?j t. . Pe0P'e *n Room on t'other side of Partition-you will find Bags in Closet 111 Room." " Heydey!" said Jack, when he had deciphered the scrawl in his turn. " The mystery deepens! What on earth are bags for! Really, George, I'm begin ning to think we'll get our fingers burnt it we attempt to handle this thing. Let's get out of the infernal hole before it is too late. " What 1 youaregoingtobackout?" 1 said, my curiosity being fully roused by the strange note, so I was determined to t&thom; the mystery. " Not if you are bound to stick to it, my old chum." After supper we went directly to our room, taking with us a large lamp, which the old hag that had waited on us had lighted for our use. It was then ten o'clock. Through the partition on the right, opposite the door opening into the other room, we heard voices, and listened. It was some miners, judging by their talk, discussing business matters. These were, doubtless, the people against whom the note had warned us. They did not separate till midnight, and I can assure the reader it was a long wait for us-for Jack and me. Soon after we heard them go out; the house became as still as death. Then, with a strange feeling creeping over me! bade Jack take up the lamp, and, going on tiptoe, to the side door, I un locked it very carefully, so as not to make the slightest noise, and slowly opened it J A damp, chilly air struck our faces, and the light flared up. The windows ol the room were raised, but the shutters were closed tight. We entered. There was no carpet on the floor, and no furniture, save a Ion# deal table in the middle of the room. o the right, in the further corner, was a cot, with a blanket thrown over it: to be left a closet. Well,' I was on the point of saying, ' I see no mystery in this," when Jack, who was between me and the further corner holding the lamp, started back suddenly and clutched my arm. "Heavens, Georgef" he said, in a hoarse whisper, " there's something cov ered up on the cot!" The hand with which he held the lamp shook so that, fearing he would drop it, I took it from him, and, in breathless suspense, he went on tiptoe to the cot. Yes, there was certainly something under the blanket. Something that looked like the top of a human head peeped out. I pulled down the blanket a little, and a ghastly face, framed by long, brown hair, itared at us with its glassey eyes I Horrified, I recoiled, and set the lamp upon the deal table, while J ack staggered back against the wall, murmuring : " For God's sake, George, what does this mean ?" ' It means," I replied, mastering my emotion, "it means that we stand face to face with the victim of a crime-a mur dered woman '.-choked to death 1" " Choked 7" gasped Jack. " How do you know that ?" " It s very evident," I made answer, approaching the cot again. "See for yourself," and I showed Jack the throat, several dark marks, like the imprint of fingers. " There," I said, gravely, " are the irrefutable proofs. To the medical eye they are crying witnesses!" " Cover it up again, George '. the sight is too horrible! moaned Jack. We must not disturb it--it must be left just as we found it!" and, seizing the blanket with a shudder, he pulled it over the staring face. "And now what's to be done?" he continued. " Our first step is, undoubt edly, to go and lodge a complaint against this Winking Ike and ' Pete,' the landlord. We must do so at once." Not so fast, my boy. Do you imagine we would be allowed to leave this house by stealth at this hour ? No indeed! We are supposed to be " ' "What?" asked Jack, impatiently, as I paused. " "Cutting the body up, of course, so that they can conveniently dispose of it -bury the pieces separately, no doubt ? Isu t the matter clear to you now ? The rascals have foully murdered this poor woman here, have not dared to carry the body away as it is, and have not had the courage to cut it up. Some one, for a round sum of money, has agreed to furnish them a villainous doctor and an assistant, who would do the job for them. Don't you remember that this Winking Ike said to me, when he cautioned me in the other room: 'We looked for you two days ago, doctor?* And what lie meant by 'you've got what you need in them things,' pointing to my valises, were the surgical instruments necessaiy for the operation." Jack looked at me aghast. " And the bags?" I pursued, going to the closet and taking out three or four large grain sacks-" Why, these are to hold the pieces I" Jack's eyes began to bulge out of their sockcts, and, in pitying the poor devil, I took up the lamp, and, leading him softly into the other room, locked the door after us. He dropped upon one of the cots, [ while I, opening a valise, took out my two loaded revolvers, and, going up to him, said in a whisper : "Take this revolver and keep your wits about you. Certain it is that either Winking Ike or the landlord will be here before daylight to see whether we have done the job. Whoever comes we must be prepared for him. It's a matter of life and death with us." Then, seating myself by the little table, I waited anxiously for the next act in the frightful drama. As I sat there, the minutes seeming like ages, it suddenly occurred to me thai in our excitement vce had neither of us thought of the window as a possible means of escape. So, rising quickly, I opened it and looked out. The bright moon enabled me to see below. We were in the rear of the first story, bat running along the base of the building was what seemed to be a deep excavation. No hope there. It was drawing near to three in the morning when 1 heard soft footsteps in the passage approaching the door, and presently there came a light knock. I motioned to Jack, and when I opened the door in walked Winking Ike and Pete, the landlord, but to find themselves confronted sud denly with two revolvers aimed straight at their breasts. At the same time I cried out: " Hands up!" " My Grod, don't shoot!" the two worthies stammered simultaneously, throwing up their hands. " No harm was meant!" " What! No harm, you villians! It was a cold-blooded murder!" I said vehemently. Winking Ike burst out laughing, winking furiously, while from every part of the house seemed to give an explosion of shouts, and into the room rushed a score of miners. " The fact is, pard," said Winking Ike, suppressing his mirth, "we've been pretty hard on you and your friend. But that's the initiation we generally give to all new tenderfeet a pretty good skeer, that's all. And really, in the fust place, it wus in tended for two tenderfeet friends of ours we expected two days ago. But when they didn't come, and we seen yous coming up the street, so innocent like, we couldn't resist the temptation to play the joke off on you," and with several rapid winks Winking Ike walked to the door of the adjoining room, one of the miners followed him with the lamp, and unlocked it with another key, threw it open, walked to the cot, and amid a roar of laughter jerked out from under the blanket by the hair the wax buBt of a woman. 