A RUSSIAN LEGEND. It may not be generally known (writes the London Globe) that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, has written an interesting work on St. Petersburg, in the course of which he relates a carious ghost story connected with i«* Trarv-rial *F'».mi1-r urlii(-)i nail-mi rmaiLt. Knn. sationamoug the credulous a few years agct and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her by the faithful. It appears . that not long after the death of Alexander II. a peasant was interrupted in his prayera by the sudden appearance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragio death. The spectre walked slowly to tfae statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, ana then vanished. The peasant, although stricken -with terror, -was able to follow the movements of the m-psterious visitor, and lelt sure that he was not dreaming. Still trembling he described his adventure to the verger of the church, who shrugped his shoulders and said he must have been drunk at the tame, and had taken his visions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day the ghost reappeared. Again he advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven, 'his time the verser was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him.. He did not however; lose his head,. and though afraid to approach the phantom him self he called in Bome of his oolleaeuee, who, ? like him, felt stupefied at the Eight. The Czar seemed to c*Bt,a sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind « pillar. The witnesses of this strange epene made their' declaration to the Grand Wnml^i of the court, sweating to the truth of what they. had. seen. ' On the next day the same apparition oc curred. On this oocaaon-the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Tiigin, but also walked round the church before vanishing. : No doubt could now be entertained on the subject— tha soul, of Alexander H. -ios tormented and needed more prayers and tapers to release Sim from purgatory. The news was borne to the court, where, it is hardly nece-saty to say, it created deep astonishment. At first it did not encounter absolute incredulity. Tie members of the Holy Synod were consulted, aad they promised to enquire into the matter. But Alexander IIL lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given to such a story, which was an insult to the memory of his father... He sent for one of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity he had tfae -greatest con fidence, and ordered him to dear up the mystery. The detective -treat to the churoh, and, jririing- Iiimsp^f behind ft pt^&Tt; n-aited for the result. In due oourae the phantoin appeared onoe more, and, as on previous ooca- ? sions, directed its steps towards the statue..' The detective, although not a superstitious' man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexander IL, and seemed to see him again as he was on the day of his assassination, with his face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayed longer at the statue than usuaL The detective, mustering up all his courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the de-/ tective glanced at the statue, aad discovered that many of the most valuable jewels were ?wanting. This fact at onoe opened his eras, and he dashed after the phantom, -which turned out to be something more snbetantial than a vision. The next second it wi» strug gling) to release itself from tha d-stectivtfe grip, out in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with considerable imagination and' audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in the midst of the terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor's ghost. He . was taken to priBon, and eventually tried and condemned in secret— at least bo the legend runs. 