The Proposed Anti-Gambling Legislation. BUPPORTED BY LOCAL CEUtRCHEB. At several of the local churches on Sunday iast, reference was made by the officiating clergymen to.the bill which has.been laid on the table of ~the Legislative Assembly by the Government having for its object the suppress ion of gambling in the colony, and resolutions expressive of approval of the measure were adopted by the congregations. At the Bris bane-street Congfegational Church in the even ing the Rev. Joseph Walker preached a special sermon on the subject of 'SThe nation and how it may be permeated by righteousness," chosing as his text Proverbs xiv., 84-" Bight eousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a re proach to any people." The preacher com menced his discourse by giving a description of the nation, showing that it was nothing out side of ourselves, but that individuals were parts of the nation just as drops of water formed part of the ocean. Row, he asked, was righteousness to be practically applied to the nation ? Some would say by an alliance of the Church with the State. After all the cen tories of injustice and oppression and un ,hristlikeness which had been connected with such a state of things in the past, there were those'in the colonies who still hankered aster it. There could never be such an alliance without the greatest injustice, and the frequent scounding of Christ in the house of His friends. epleating the above question, the preacher asked, How then was it to be accsomplished? Aol .he replied "By righteous Motives~ prin eiplee, and actions." The nation itself must be touched before we ;eoald touch its law givers and rulers. Parliamenet was but a reaection of the people. Move the people' by the power of the Holy Ghost with the prineciple of righteousnaess, and there wasnot a bad law on the State book which would not soon be repealed, and not a good law to be desired in the interests of the people which would hot qoon be paased. A nation was not to be exalted by po?itical alliance with the Church nor by putting the name of God into the omnstitution, and then concluding that we must .be * religious people. Phillip 11., of Spain, did.hat;, and yet he was one of the most ormel and bigoted tyrants who ever lived, and by his actions he ruined one of the strongest empires which ever existed in Europe. But the nation -was to be exalted in the same way as it had beendone by the apostles, and in the days of the Pnrit?ns-byGfOd'servants preach ing righteousness, living righteousness, and, if need be, suleriqg for ituntil the afflictions of the few became the afflctions of the many. rhen would Christ come as he had never come yet, and the glory of the Lord would epread until it coveced the whole earth. He then went on to say that, although there were many evils to be removed, the congregation before him cold that night give a vote in favaour of q?upressing gembliug. The Government had introduced a bill in the House for the asp. presston of gambling, and let those before him help the- authorities in this matter. He then submitted a resolution, and asked all who sup ported it to stand, and, after he had read it, all present oee to their feet. The redolutiont reads as follows:-" That we, members and adherents of this congregation, assembled for public worship, hereby petition Parliamenz in favour of the bill for the suppression of gambling, and would rcspectfully re.est the Legislative Assembly to omit from th bill the exception relatissg to churches and haritablc institutions, and also that the r of this Church be hereby emowered s on our behalf a petition sombo"in Ttto At each of the terday, refertence was malde to thebii which has been introduced into the Legislative Assembly by the Government, having for its object the suppression of nmbling in the polony, and the following resolution was passed a~t eacahChurh : -This congregation rejoices on acount of the bill introduced by the Government for the sup pression of gambling in the colony, and hereby pledges itself to.as?ist the Ministry, as far a.s .t can, to caory the said bill through Parliament, and mike it law It hereby aisthorses "he superintendent of the circuit to sign . psiipn on its behalf embodying the above resolution for presentation to Parliament?' In referring to the question at the Ellenbaroogh-street Church on Sunday evening, the Rev. BIt. Stew~ ast said be wishedit to be distinctly understood that it was a matter altogether distinct from party politics. He hoped that every good man in Parliament would vote for the measure, no matter what party he belonged to. It was a moral question that was Rat stake, and we, as followers of God and 'orshippers of Christ, would be doinig a good work in strengthening the hands of the Government in this respect. There was no time to call a public meeting as many of them woeld like to do. Thereforeas a congregation they isould try to do what~they could by just passiag the resolution, and send ing it to the Govemnment. The resolution was passed in the North Ipswich Church in the morning, and he would ask those present'who were in favour ef it to stand to their feei, In response to which nearly all the ongregatiotn complied with the request. 