[?] The Mystery of t&e; Inn: OR, IHE DISCOVERY IM THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. L STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. — ... e o » CHAPTER XVI.— Coxtinvkd. ./ " You must have a story to tell," he feow said, turning towards me, with the Brst look of natural human cariosity which I had seen in his face oinco I Baino. " Yon," said I, " I havo ; but. it will not servo to lessen your horror ; it will only add-to it." ''Nothing oan add to it," was his low ' reply. " And yet, I thank ( for the wurning." Encouraged by his manner, which had tmcomo strangely self-possessed, 1 imme diately begin, and told hiin of tho visit of this bridal party at your inn ; then as I saw that he had judged himself correctly, and that ho was duly prepared for all I could roveul, I added first your suspicions and then a full account of our fatal dis covery in tho secret chamber. ; _ He bore it like a man upon whom emo tion had spent all its force ; only, when I had finished, ho gave one groan, and then, as if he feared I would mistake the meaning of this evidcnco of Buffering, ho made ha3te to exclaim ; J. "PoorHonora! My heart owes her ions cry of pity, one tear of grief. I shall 'nover weep for auyone olao ; though, if I oould, it would bo for myself and the ;wastcd years witli whioh 1 havo mocked God's providonoo." Relieved to find him in this mood, I -tose and shook iris hand cordially, i I' You wilt oomo back lo Albany with mo ?" I entroated. "Wo havo noed of you, and this spot will never be a homo to you again." . " Never !" "The ooho was unexpected, but wel come. I led tho way out of the cavo. j " Seo ! it is late," I urged. " ' He shook his head und cast one pro longed look around him. ' " What do I not leavo bohind me here ? iLove, grief, dreams. Aud to what do I go !forward 1 -Can you tell me V Has the jfuture in it anything for a man like inio?" i " It hnB vongonnco." I Ho gave a short cry. I " In which she in involved. Talk to mo not of that i And yet," ho presently -added, " what it is my duty to do I shall ido. It ia all that is left to mo now. Iiut il would do nothing for vengeance. That (would bo to make a slave of mysolf iagain." 1 I had no answer for this, anil therefore igave none. Instead I shouted to my 'guide, aud after receiving from him suah (refreshments as my weary condition de- imanded, I gave notice that I was ready fto descend, aud asked tho reoluse if he |Wao roady to acooinanpy mo. 'j He signified an instant acquiescence, and before the suu had quite finished its course in tho west, wo found ourselves at the foot of tho mountains. As civilisa tion broke upon us Mr. Felt drew himself up, and began to question me about tho changes which tho Revolution had made -ill our noblo country, I will not wenry you, my donr Mrs. Truax, witli tho formalities which fol lowed upon our return to Albany. I will merely add that you may expect a duly authorised person to como to you pre sently fur such testimony in this matter as it may bo in your power to givo ; after which a suitable person will proceed to France with such papers as may load to the dolivoring up of theso guilty persons to the United States authorities ; in which case justioo must follow, and your inn will he avenged for tho most hideous crime which has ever been porpotratcd within our borders. ... . ..., Most respectfully, " ' Anthony Tamworth. . JFAItT III. REi'IlIDUTION. CHAPTER XVII. ' STRANGE GUESTS, ! !.> Sbcsbubbb 20, 1791. ' Two excitements to-day. First, the jippoaranao at my doors of the porson of whose coming I was ndvisod by Mr. jTamworth. He came in his own car-. rioge,.und is a meagre, hatchet-faoed'. matt, whoso aye - makes mo restless, but )aa not succeeded in making me lose my lelf-poBsossion, Ho stayed threo /hours, til ol which ho mado mo-spond with him n the oak parlor, and when he had' finished with me and got my signature to ' a- long and complicated- affidavit, I felt that I would ratlior sell the house and flee the . place than go through suoh another oxperionce. Happily it .is likely, to bo a long time beforo 1 ahalk.be called upon to do eo. A voyege to Franee and pack is no light matter ; and what with complications and delays, a year or more ; \- . u likely to elapse before the subjeot;need bo opened again in my hearing. I thank God for this. For not only shall I thus ''cay Btho opportunity of regaining, my equanimity, which has boon sorely shaken by thoBe late events, but I shall have tho ohanoe of adding a littlo more money to my store, nguinut tho timo when scandal will be bu3y with this spot, nnd public re probation ruin its excellent character and oustom. Tho oak parlor I havo shut and locked. It will not bo soon entered again 'by mo. The othor. oxcitcinent to which I in ferred was tho coining of two now guests from New York, clogant ladies, whoso ap- pearanca and mannors quite overpowered ms hi tho fow minutes of conversation 1 held -viOi thim when they first ontored <uy house #>»-. ' ... " Good gracious ! what ib that 1 I thought I felt something brush my sleovo. Yet there is no one near mo, and nothing astir in the room I And why should such a sudden vision of tho old oak parlor rise before my eyes 1 And why, if I must sec it, should it bo the room as it looked to me on that night when tho two Urquharts Bat within it, and not tiie room ob I saw it io-day 1 Positively I must throw away tho key of that room ; its very prosonso in my desk makes me tho victim of visions. October 5, 1791. ' Why is it that wo promise oursolvoa certain tliingo, oven swear that wo will perform such and such nets, and yet nevor keep our promises or hold to oui oaths ? Sixteen years ago I expressed n determination to rofix the oak parlor and make it look more attractive to tho eye ; I never did it. A year since I declared in language as strong an I knew how to employ, not that I would refit tlio onh parlor, but that I would tonr it from the house, oven at tho coBt of demolishing the whole siructuro. And now, only n week since, I pro mised myself, as my diary will tost i'y, that I would throw away tlio key of ( his placo, if only to rid myself of unplosonnt reminders. But tlio key is still with ma, and the room intact. I liavo noither the power nor tho inclination to toueli it. Thogliostof the woman whoporiaiicd there restrains mo. Why 7 Because wo are not dona with that room. The end of its story is not yot. This I fool ; and I feel somotliing furthor : I feel tliat it will bo entered soon, and that the person who is to enter it is already in my house. I havo spoken of two Indies — God knows with but little realisation of the fatal interest tliuy would soon possess for me. Tliey came without servants some four days ago, and saying they wished to remain for a short timo in this beautiful spot, atonco accepted the cheerful south room which I rosorvo for such guosts at | these. As they are very handsome nnd | distinguished looking, I feci highly grati- | fied at their patronngc, and was settling ! down to a state of complacency over the prospect of a profitable week, when something, I cannot toll what, roused in me a spirit of suspicion, and I began tc notice that the elder lady wdb of a verj uneasy disposition, exhibiting a prone- nets to wander about the house and glide tliroush its passages, _ ospeciallj those on the ground floor, which at firBt made mo question hor sanity, and ther lod me to wonder if through some meant unknown to mo she had not received o hint as tr» oar secret chamber. T watch but earnest yer make out. Meanwhile a description of these womon tnay not como amiss. They are both beautiful, tho younger especially. When I first saw them seated in my humble parlor, I thought them tho wifo and daughter of ono of our great generals, they looked so handsome and carried themselves so proudly. But I was presently undeceived, for tho namn they gave mo was a foreign one, whioh my English tongue finds it very hard even yet to pronounce. It is written Lotellier, with a simple Madame beforo it for tho mother and Mademoiselle for tho daughter, but how to speak it — well, that is a small matter. I do speak it, and thoy never sinilo, though the daughter's eyo lights up at tiroes with a fcpxrk of what I should cull mirth, if her lips wero not so grave and her brow so troubled. Yes, troubled is tho word, though sho is so young. I find it difficult to regard her in any other light than that of a child. Though sho endeavorB to apponr indif ferent and has a woy of carrying horsolf tliat is almost noble, there is certainly grief in her eye and care un her brow. I see it when she is alone, or rather beforo she becomes aware of another's presence ; I seo it when she is with her mother ; but when strangers come in or she aesombles with the rcBt of the household in the parlor or at tho tablo, then it vanishes and a swoot charm comes tliat reminds tne — But this is folly, sheer folly. How oould the look liko Mrs. Urquhsrt 1 Ima gination carries me too far. Equal inno- conce and a liko gentlo temper have pro duced a like result in sweetening the expression. Tliat is all, and yet I remem ber tho ono woman when 1 look at the other, and shudder ; for the woman who calls tiiis child daughter has hor oyo_ on tho oak parlor, and may meditate evil — must, if she knows its secret and yet wishes to enter it. But iny imagination is carrying me too fur again. This woman, whatever her faults, loves her daughter, und whore love is thero cannot be danger. Yet I shuddor. M&dameLetellier; merits tho description of an nblor pen than mine. I like her, and I hate her. 1 admire her, nnd I fear hor. I obey her, and yet hold myself in readiness for rebellion, if only to provo to myself that I will be strong when tho timo comes ; that no infiuonco, howevor exerted, or however hidden under win ning smiles or quietly controlling glancos, shall have power to move mo from what I may consider my duty, or from the ex ercise of suoh vigilance as my secret fours seem to demand. I hato her ; let me re member tliat. And I distrust hor. Sho is here for evil, and her eye is on tho oak .parlor. Though it is locked and the key hidden on my person, she will-find means to possess herself of that key and open that door. How? Wo will soo. Moan time all thin is not a description of Madame Lotellier. She is finely formed ; she is graceful ; sho is youthful. She dresses with a taste that must always make lior oonepicuous wherever sho may be. You could not enter a room in which she was without seeing her, for hor glance - has a strange power that irresistibly draws your glaueo to it, though her eyeB are lambent rather than brilliant, and if largo, rarely opened to their full extent. Hor complexion is dark; that 'is, in comparison with her daughter's, whioh is of a marble-like purity. But it has strange flushes in it, and at times soemo almost to sparkle. Her hair is brown, and worn high, with a great comb in it, sotting oS the contour of her face, whioh is almost perfect. But it isiin tbo expreasion of lior mouth that her fasoination lies. Without sweetness, exoept when it smiles upon her daughter, without mirth, without any expreasion speaking of goodwill or tandorness, there is yet a turn to the line that. moves. tho gazor peculiarly r'mhking it dangoTTU „o watch her long unices you . are hardened by doubts bb 1 am. Her hands are exquisite, and her form is boauty itself. Tha daughter is atatueBquo r, not in the sonso of coldness or immobility, but in tho regularity of hor_ foaturos and tho absence of any coloring in her chcoks. Sho is loVoly, nnd there breathes through every trait a gentlo soul thnt robs my ad miration of all awe and makes my old and empty heart long to serve hor. 'Her eyes are gray nnd her hair a reddish brown, with kinks and curls in it like — But, pshaw I thero com oh thnt dream again 1 Was Honora Urquhnrt's hair so vory nniquo that a head of wavy brown hair Bhould'bring her up so startlingly to my mind. Tlioy aro stopping hero on their way to Albany— so tho older lady says. They caino from New York. So they did, but if my intuitions are not greatly at fault, tho plnco thoy started from waa Franco. Tho fact tlint tho marks and labols have nil boon effaced from thoir baggage io suspicious iu itself. Can they bo friends of tho two miserable wretches who dis honored my house with a ghastly crime ? Is it from them that madnme's know ledge comes, if she has any knowledge ? Tlio thought nwnkons my prnfoundest distrust. Would that Mr. Tnmworth were within reach ! I think I will write hiin. Bub what oould I writo thnt would not look foolish on papor ? I had batter wait a while till I sec somotliing, or hear something, more definite. CHAPTER XVIII. | i mr is. truax talks. October 7, 1701. Thia morning I was exceedingly startled by one of my gursts suddenly asking mo boforc several of tho others, if iny inn had a ghost. " A ghost !" I cried, for tho moment quito aghast. "Yes," was the reply; " it has the look of a house which could boast of such a luxury. Don't you think so, Mr. Wost gate ?" This to a newcomer who had juBt been introduced. "Well," observed the latter, "as I. havo seen only this room, and as this room is anything but ghostlike at the pre sent moment, I hnrdly oonsidor myself competent to judge. " But tho oxtorior ! Surely you noticed tho exterior. Such a rambling old struc ture ; such a beetling top to it, as if it had settled down hero to brood over a mysterious past. . I novor see it, especi ally at twilight, that I don't wonder what lies so heavily upon its conscience. Is il acritno? There would bo nothing strnngt about it if it was. Such old houses rarely havo a clean past." " It was nonchalantly said, but it snnli deep into my heart. Not that I felt thai he had any motive in saying it — I knew tho young scapegrace too well— but thai I was conscious from his first word ol two eyes burning on my face, wliicl robbed me. of all self-possession, though I think I sat without movement, and only paled the slightest in the world. "A houso that dates back to a time when the white men and the red fought every inch of territory on which it stands would bo an anomaly if it did not have some drops of blood upon it," I ventured to say, as soou as 1 could command my emotions. " True," broke in a low, slow voice- that of Madame Lotellier. "Do you know of any especial tragedy that makes tlie house memorable." I turned and gave hor a look beforo ro- plying. . "She was seated in tho shadows of a roinote corner, and had so withdrawn herself behind lior daughter that I could see nothing of lior face. But her hands were visible, and from the forco with which she held them clasped iu hor lnp I perceived that tho subject we wero dis cussing .possessed a greater interest for her than unyono.oise in the room. " Sho has heard something of the tragedy con nected with this house," was my in ward comment, ob I prepared to answer her. "There is one," I began, mid pausocl. Something of the instinot of tk.s cat with the mouse bud entered into m( . I folt like playing withlier suspense, cruel as it may seem. " Oh, tell us 1" broke In tho daughter, a sudden flush of interest suffusing fnr a moment her white cheek. " That ie, if it is not too horrible. I nover liked hor- riblo stories ; they frighten me. And as for a ghost— if I thought you kept such a eicature about your house, I should leave it at once." " Wo have no ghosts," I answered, with a gravity that struck even myself unpleasantly, it was in suoh contrast to hermeliow and'playful tones. "Ghosts are commonplace. Wc countenance no thing commonplace hero." " Good !" broke iu a voice from tho crowd of young mon. " Tlio house is above such follies. It must havo some wonderful Beoret, then. What is it, Mrs. Truax ? Do you own a banshee 1 Have you o—" , " Mamma, you hurt me !" > Tho ory was involuntarily. Madame had caught her daughter by the hand nnd was probably unaware what pnBaion she had pat into hor clasp. Madomoi- selic Lotellier blushed again at the Bound' of hor own voice, nnd prayed her mothor's pardon with tho most engaging, of smiles. ' V Aa sho did ' so, I i': caught a glimpso of that mother's face. It was white as death. " Decidedly, she knows more than sho ought to," tliought I. "Aud yet she wants to know more. Why ?" "Tlie Happy-Go-Luoky Inn," I ob served, as soon as tlie flutter caused by this iucidont had subsided, "is no mere haunted by a banshee than by a ghost. But that is- not saying it should not be. It is old enough ; it is respectable enough ; it lias traditions onough. I could tell you tales of its ownors, and in cidents connected with tho coming and going of the innumerable guests who havo froquented it both boforo and dur ing tho Revolution, thnt would keep yon hero till morniiig. . But tho ono story I will toll you must suffice. Wo should lose our oharaotor of mystery if I told you all. Bosidos, how could I toll all ? who oould ever tell the complete story of suoh a houso as this?" . '1.' " Soar I heart" criod- another young man."-., , "Years ago—" I stopped again, wickedly stopped. " Madame, will you not come forward where it is lighter ?" Sho rose deliberately and came for ward, ttail, mute and commanding. She sat down ip the light j she looked mp in the faoe ; she robbed rao oven of. my' doubts.- I felt my'hoart-turn over in my breytand wondered. , - .(To ho continued.) , 1 . , , V V:i-. ' I.i 