THE TWIN SISTERS. CHAPTER XXXII.—Continued. Gertrude's heart throbbed a little r :£ - ? Tj r3 Lund's vestibule, after ailed the bell, with Mies I'riB- 1,, -ringairioncuy ?.? ..-.. 1 3 the street below. MFeIT quoth tho eervant girl, r ., Ti jjs'nhe opened tho door, * wbat'e a'rish to see Mrs Kobsoii,' ccid \- - with quiet dignity, wjiich at r ," oT cHHved the pertnees of the sir]. Tc i her, X you pler.ee, .that Mies ?wills sent mc." ? Please to walk in," said the girl, ~— 3 courteously, and she ushered ?r-tn.de into "an over- furniahed \--?/ion room, where she scarcely \--Vmovo, for fear of over-turning a r/nsTase, or a Japanese carved ,uou .. or .1 frailed gilded chair, and j':e elie waited for ton long -"-ates, cacli one eeeining twice its length. ' f ??'? Jlobson walked in prc?entln — ' ? r tlr, hardlooking, woman, with ? - hair brushed back from her and light blue eyce. """tVeil, , eoid Mrs Kobsoii, surveying . -bitarrival, ' Ro you're tno y? un S ? -"cia Priscilla spoko to mo about. J diJa't supDoao you were such. a ' Girtriule coloured and hung her . ;I—thus being stared .it, as if she j-eapicco of goods on exhibition in ij-'io", was a little embarrassing, tSo ?ff y? ur ~:it> ' Ba ? a^r? Kb on, who had not told Gertrude S K-?BO the chair she had risen from ' ' I i er hesitating uncertainty. Gertrude obeyed, and in tho action ';;j elastic of her net broke, ami the ; 'lit caves of golden hair fell down "in Jtobsou gave one glance at tho laled, beautiful face, wit!: the golden rippling down around it, and tar cd away, with a contemptuous 'ttration of her nostril*.' ?Oh, tou won't do," she said. j 'Why not?" asked Gertrude, 'ilrancing one step, in her eagerness. ' 'I don't believo in such people as 7..J putting on tiieir airs and "races j: a house where there are young ; nflcnien,' ?:?id Mrs Jtebson, her : v high in the air. ' That hair trick -i- ?cry nicely done, and I dare cay 1 i- uald have siiocceMid with a mini, 's.t it doesn't impose i>n mc." " 'i do not understand you, said Crrtrudc, indignantly, for tho lady's ' J -c was uniuistaUably insolent. ' 'Idaro nay not,' said Mrs Kohson, '??.?!; the* hell violently. ' J low 's K. you won't Miiit mc. ilary,' to tz- Rirl, 'show this person to tho j Aul ?Sβ (jcrtruile went down tho „<-.;??, UaiviMered and half frightened, (i_-f3ir-haired matron sailed upstairs ij'erfriend Mrs Lund. i *Iy dt-ar," she cried, * the chit i? too VitlT—imirh too pert and pretty. '.'('j siul William would have taken 'ji iv a minute. The mother of a jfciilv can't be too cautious." , (intrude stopped in a neighbouring 1 p," here there was a vrotuan behind !' Liiuiiter, to readjust the beautiful _:r "sliich had been tho unconecious estbf m> much disappointment, and on her way, discouraged and ji.i 'leaned. ? "N there no excape fer mc out of p< hard-hearted city? , she V.cJ uersclf, striving hard tn keep 'lit-? the tears which were welling up I '-a ibt secret fountains of her aching ( Mo had walked down Kegent-strcct, ?cwely noticing which direction her !a.j~;cps had taken, and found her- ()}? the station at tho corner cf tie .Xew-3-o.id, from which a train H3 on the point of starting. Just in ' ~o.t of her walked a tall, white irt.il old gentleman, with a short, J sap old lady leaning on hia arm, v;b looking anxiously in every . iiLt'oii, a.s if for some expected if who, ;uuch to their evident j-<2, i =- L ." u n appearance. I ' I never was so much aunovetl mail j=r life,' cried the old lady," with an if=pit'atic rustle of her "black silk jcv~. ; I'-it ence, mv dear, a little patience," inline gentleman, still looking to all ".'? c !unr points of the compass. '1 jc-1-' she'll be hero yet.' j i!at wo told her ha! f-past 1 o'clock, I a the very latest!' "'J l?nunr it, my dear—l know it.' r~ Lei's S o ami look down ilie other ' r f<' I think wo might venture I'turc the train starts, if ' lia at tliis moment Gertrude -rarejd to the old lady, with bright ? . i=.d cres, and panting breath. ?Jtulam,' she said, shyly, 'lthiak ' jo-diupped this!' l V.hj-r cried the old lady, making ?i?c re into her pocket, 'its my porte , jc-jonSndit?* j ' V. little ivay down tho street,' said I'eiimdc, stiil hrcathles.-ly, ' but _ ''-? 'V.-.5 such a crowd, and you , ?: £<-J s<) fast that 1 coul.l not over ; \ 'Mj-good girl,' said the old gentle -1 j 1-33, \\.bo I;.-,,! convinced himself in the \ ~'- L time, by a rapid survey of the j'rtcots of the little leathern re- that its treasures were quite I'i 0 _'y? u are very honest! Xiuo ' ; ,1 te "—nineteen out of twenty, I i 1 ~: tzy, would have helped themselves {I?, , a P ri/C - 31y ?ife is much ?j _ Med, auducreissomelhiujjtoreward {. liar your honesty. , tjlc proffered hera note, but Ger ?---0 coloured and drew back. The :i'U3 of ], cr i, a t ure repelled the i -a ot reward. "? J T i lank , - ou ' s ' r '' ? ! 'C, ' but I don't the money. , I c=. i^ oa tried the old gentle- . -">' Jcar here's a rant act's. J- c a ~wby, there goes the last 17-s'*'' out of tllu fetation, and we j~-aiag stariug here. Lot's rnn.' But, my dear, , cried hie wife, laughing, ' I. can't run. I'm com pletely out of breath already. , _' Well, then, there's no help for it," said tho old gentleman, polishing his | face very hard with a crimson cilk ! pockct- hankerchief. 'WOVO belated until tho four tvseJitv-Svo train! LetVgo into the station* &nd; wait." ' Perhaps this yonug lady was going ' too," said tho plump old lady, with a pleasant glauco at Gertrude, ' and my .carelessness haa deprived, her of the train also." ' No, ma'am, , said Gertrude, 'I am not going into tno country." And sho added, with a scarcely con scious sigh— ' I wish I were !' 'Tou wish you were," repeated the old lady, slowly. ' Thon you like tho country ?' ' Yes," said Gertrude, quietly, ' very much." * But you are quite ac much out of breath as my wife is, , said the old gentleman, who had beeii noticing the girl's pale check and worn features. * Aro you in a hurry ? ir not, you had better come into the station and re?t a few minutes. Come, my dear,' to hia wife, * there's nothing for it but to rent aa quietly as wo can for another two hour. , ?, thanks to tho bothering housekeeper, whom I wish had been at Jericho before we engaged hor." 'You see, my dear.' said thn lady, cosily, as Gertrude, who really felt tho absolute necessity of a few minutes' rest before also could proceed on the long walk which lay before her, followed tho old couple into the hand some wniting-rootns of the station and eat doivti at not fjreat distance from the Beat takon by the losor of the porte-nionnaie, ' we're living up near Ileudou, and we coroo down to tho city to see about a now house keeper, for I really am not equal to tho care of so large an osfriblishment as my husband likes to keep up around him, and she has disappointed us shamefully, and I don't believe now that 1 shall tr.ko her up with mc if she comes." . ' 1 certainly shall not," said the gentleman. ' Want of punctuality 13 want of principle. Ho far as I am concerned, 1 don't want n housekeeper that 1 cannot depend on. , Gertrude looked up, a sudden glow of bopo springing through tho sombre darkness of her heart. ' X wonder ' ahe licgau, and then stopped. ' Wei!, my dear, , said tho old lady, looking kindly down upon her, as she might havo viewed a pretty white kitten who had vontured to sport with her ribbons, 'and what is it that you wonder?" ' I am looking for , n. situation,' said Gertrude, eagerly, and speaking fast, lest she should lose courage, and came to a stop altogether, ' and if you were quite determined not to take the person you speak of—oil," she added, suddenly, drawing nearer to the plump listener, ' if you would be ko very, vorv good as to try die !* 'To try you? , repeated both the old people, in a breath. ' Yes," said Gertrude, courageously, ' to try mc! I am euro I should please you —I would strive so !iard !' " But you look and are such a child!' cried ti:e old lady. ' I am almost eighteen, , baldly re joiued Gertrude, 'and I have had 3 great deal of experience! in doing all kinds of housework.' ' We do not know anything about you, mv poor girl," said tbeold gentle man, with a pitying accent in hia voice, 'except, indeed, that you are honest." ' Aud that is a great deal,' said the lady, in a tono which restored Ger trude's failing coulideisce. ' Yes, to b=s sure, , said her husband, nodding hia head several times. ' that is a great deal! Sho ia honest!' 'Where did you live last?" asked the old lady, after a minute or two of meditative silence. ' I have been sowing/ kiM Gertrude, hurriedly, ' for Madame Clarice, in Ifegent-streei, Si'e will recommend mc well, I know V ' Madame Clarice I' cried ?.lie lady ; ' why, she makes 311 cay things ! To be sure —Madame Clarice. But why did you leave there, child!' ' Because I was so sick and tired of London,'anavored Gertrude; |becaijse, ma'am, I was wc-iry of sewing, and the confinement and steady silting made my -side ache. Oh, £ would give anything in tho world to get a good place in the country !' ' My dear,' said the o?d gentleman to the old lad}-, ' nkit do you. think of it?* ' My dear," said the old lady to the old gentleman, ' 1 aim inclined to think favourably of it." 'The pocket-book proves a good deal,' said the former isi a whisper. 'And sho haa such a good face, , returned the lady, in the same tone. ' 1 can read faces, and I am never mis taken in one." i '.Except when the anaid with the cast of features like Raphael's j Madonna ran away -with your point- | laces,' whispered the old gentleman, j wiggishlv.* \- Nonsense !' said the old lady, tartly. ' As if there weren't creeptious to all rules!' ' Well, what do you say r' ' 1 say this,' eaid his wife, tapping her plump fingers 011 her reticule. ' Call a carriage—let us drive at once to Clarice's. There in time, in there not "* ' Plenty!' was the laconic answer. 'Childj'Eaid tho old la-ly, turning to Gertrude, who had fat by, pale and breathless, feeling as if her fate hung almost on tho turningoc a stair, ' I've a mind to try you.' ' Ob, ma'am," began the girl, 'I a.iall bo so grateful I* ' Just hear mc out, , said tao lady, with a slight tincture of itnperiousness in her tone and manner. ' If you are co certain that :Had3ina Ctarice dm give you a full recommendation, yo;i i can go home, pack 3'oar tilings, and j bo hero in- time, for tho nest train, ] which leaves hero at twenty-five minutes after four o'clock. It'o a short notico.biit you sco how peculiarly wo ere situated. You look delicate j * Only becauso 1 havo just been ill, ma'am," cried Geitrade, trembling lest her unlucky paleness ehould become instrumental in looing her the excellent situation. ' Yea—very possibly. What I woo about to say was that, as you look delicate, M.r Wilton will send you in a cab, with orders for tno mr.n to wait and bring you back. , * I am very much to you, ma'am. , * Mind—you flro to bo hero at twonty minutes past four." ' I will endeavour to ba punctual." Mrs Wilton, as Gertrude justly conjectured her now acquaintance's name to be, waited only to see tho girl safel3' in a cab before she herself entered another, aud followed by her husband, drove away in the direction of Regent-street. 'This is a curious expedition," said the old lady; 'but Gotnehow 1 have fuith to believe that it will turn out well." CIIMTEIt XXXIII. VJUTOIt OALBEAITII's CHILD. Jenny Wcatcomb, who bail' chanced to como in," ao the expression is, to neo Bliss Morton, 011 her way to some I>lac? whither she had bceu dispatched by Madame Clarice, was sitting in Sire Alroyd'a parlour tvhen Gertrude canio in, eager to inform the laudlady and her sister of tho fortunate oc currences of the afternoon. ' Mrs %Vilton !* repealed Jenny, when ahe heard tho name. ' Well, you are in luck. Why, they aro ac rich as Crcuaus, and twice as generous! I know vrho they are —they are some of madame's customers. I'iainspokeii people, you Unow.andalittleuecentric, but in the very beet society. Dear mc! I wish I was going myself !* Gertrude had no time, however, to listen to Jenny's countless anecdotes concerning Mrs Wilton and her various characteristics. .Fortunately her packing was soon done, and her little accouuts settled, leaving her a balance of not more than a pound or so. The farewells to Mrs Alroyd and Miss Priscilla were brief aud heart felt, and Gertrude had scarcely time to realize the new aspect of affairs before she had iouud herself onco more in the carriage rolling towards the station at the corner of Portland road. The first thing sho saw on alighting was Mrs Wilton's face at tho door of the building. * It's all right, Miss Morton," nhe said, beamingly, 'I have seen JMadamo Clarico and 31rn Mann, and they both give you an excellent rocorarnends tion. " 1 am glad that you are prompt to the tho time too ; Mr Wilton haa got tho tickets, and he ia waiting for us !* Tho full moon was shining on tho wintery landscape as the roomy old family" carriage rolled up to a large red brick minsion, walled around, aa it were, with lime- trees, and situated on a commanding knoll. 'This is Lime Court, my dear,' said Mrs Wilton, turning kindly tc her companion. ' I hope yoa will be very happy here !' "1 am. sure I shall,' Gertrude answered —and the brief reply some how, brought her nearer So the old lady's benevolent heart. It was a large, old-fashioned house, with great fires burning, and every nook full of comfort. Evidently there was no attempt at any ostentatious display of wealth, and yet every article of furniture was of tiio besc ; there were no faded carpets or worn hang ings—the paint was fresh, and the wholo houso was kept in the most J perfect order. i ? \vc havo plenty of servants, my I dear,' Mrs Wilton said, S3 she ac companied her nciv housekeeper to the pretty, cheerful room distilled for her, where the firelight shone tvel coininglv* on crimson, carpet aud draperies of the same xrarm wine colour, ' aud I shall oniy require yoa to have a general supervision of them. To-morrow I will give you the keys and take you over the bouso. To night you must get as much rest as you can.' Gertrude. Morton's life at l.icne Court proved a strange and agreeable contrast Co tho troubled existence ahe had heretofore led. The household was well regulated, and the servants accustomed each to his or her par ticular routine of work, rendering tho housekeeper's position merely nominal, eicept 33 to responsibility. She had. had plenty of time to heraelf, and to escape from the haunting recurrence ofmemories that was almost insupport able she employed it in reading and studying the varied and extensive contents of the library, except when sho was called upon to bear JMr and Mrs Wilton company in the big ! drawing-room where a bright-screened spot, close to the file, was protected from every possible draught that might bring rheumatism or neuralgia. For the old people began to grow very fond of their pretty young house keeper. And although she was scarcely aware of it, this new life was a cli?ci"plino to her hitherto uncul tivated mind. Tho books, for which slie had always had a 3trong taste, stimulated her mind to new researches—tho quiet of the pleasantly-revolving days gavo a repose to her manner, and. oho un consciously gained somewhat of the easy gracious manners of her em ployers. ' My dear," Raid Mrs Wilton to her husband, ' I think our housekeeper is a treasure !' ' So co I, my dear,' said the old gbat'eiaan. '3he reafe tlra news- I i papers to us as well as if slio had t&ken; ! a couree of lessons in olocution !' ' And slie is co quiet and refined," said Mrs Wilton ; ' I declare I some times forget bat that ehe is my guest, j instead of my housekeeper; and she has a capital head for accounts. I don't know whiit I should do without her !" * Nor I either,' eaid the old gentle man. More than a year had passed away since Gertrude Morton, as wo sdir.ll continue to call her now, assumed tho onerout position of housekeeper at Lime Court, aud the July roses were beginning to wreathe their whits and crimson coronals of bloom on tho portico columns, and round tho gray ctono walls which surrounded the red, wido bouse, when Mrs' Wilton came one day into tho shaded drawing room, Yi'hero Gertrudo was tying white linen covers on the violot-plush chairs, to give tho apartment a more summery look. ' More company. Miss Morton,' raid the old lady, pitting down on tho sofa, and looking smilingly up into the housekeeper's face. ' And I'm glad of it; the old place i-eems lonely at this season of tho year with out merry voices in the wide Italic, and Mr Wilton is never so happy as when he is surrounded by society. , * Aro there many people coming ?' asked Gertrudo, kneeling to secure a tapo at the back of the sofa on which Mrs Wilton had seated herself. * Well, yes, quite a company of them. You must prepare the red room, and the cedar room, and tho violet room, and —let mo cce —the littlo north-west room in the third otory. The Bradys aro coining— husband and wife—they were here last autumn, you remember—Emma Uarneford and her oister, and Mr ttentole, and Mr and Mra Victor Galbraith, ami their ntirso and cltild. Why, what's tho matter, Miss Morton ?' Gertrudo tried to nmile, although her face was the colour of ashes. ' I think I must havo been a littlo giddy with stooping so much. Yea, 1 will see that tho rooms aro in order at once. Do you expect the—tho com pany soon ?' ' The Uamcfords and Mr Kentole will bo here by tho evening train, in time for dinner; tho others will arrive some time in tho courco of to morrow. My dear, you are confining yourself too closely in the house ; go out and help Jane gather the straw berries awhile, or else take a little walk in tho garden. You da not look a bit well.' 'My looks are traitors, then,' said Gertrude, gayly, ' for I am quite well. But i£ you wish, I will get some roses to make tho rooms fresh and fragrant.* But Mrs Wilton would have been still more disturbed if she could hare Been Gertrude among the trailing rosea that overhung tho angle of the park well, whero a hoary elm-tree huiigover the green slopes, all gemmed with white clover and buttercups. The basket aud flower pciswirs were thrown aside ; the clusters of creamy roses wero all untouched ; while, prostrate on the grass, with her fp.ee pressed against tSie turf, tho girl lay S3 motionless as a statue. I£fs wifo his child! What a itrange combination of fate and chancs should send them here, of all places in tho world—tho one spot where, like the wounded deer, ahe had hidden away to seek the phantom semblance of peace and rest! Should sho flee yet farther, or boldly defy the pur suing future where she ww ? ' I have nowhere to go," she thought. ' I can give no reason for leaving my kind friends here so suddenly—nor would I wish to, were it not for this strange possibility. 'After all,* and a bitter curve came over her lips, ' what raatterp it to Mr Galbraith who tho humblo housekeeper may be in the mansion ho deigns to risit ? I shall not como in contact with him. any more than the ccok in the kitchen, or the groom in the stables. I am only the paid dependent in the liouso whero he is an honoured guest." The noonday sun was high over head when the housekeeper at Lime Court catno in again, with her basket of roses, and Mrs Wilton, nodding kindly to her aa she went by, never dreamed of the fierce conilict which had torn her heart down in the dell under tbe elm shadows. How should she? Tho purple twilight was hanging like a veil over the landscape when tho Liime Court carriage brought the last arrival of guests to the old house. Gertrudo Morton was at the second story window, shielded by the flutter of: the lace curtains, her burning eyes glittering strangely through tho dusk. How her heart throbbed, aa she saw on tho lawn a man's figure join Mr Wiltou and the other gentle men ! How it 3cemed to pause in deadly stillness as the sound of soft tones on tho stairs betokened the approach of others! And then, sweot ! as the coo of a tiny dove i:i the twi- I light, the accent of a child's voice I struck on her ear. ! Gertrude started forward, with tho quick, involuntary motion natural to her when in pain, the pressure of her hand over her heart. 'His child!" sho muttered, uncon scious that she was npeaking aloud ; ' oh, heavens! the child that might have been mine!' Rendered for tho instant reckless of discovery, she darted forward, and gaining the .suite of apartments called the ' Lime Uooms' from another door, she was standing there, nervously lighting the candles on j either side of the muslin-draped dress ing-bureau, when Mrs Wilton came in, ushering her guests to their rooms. ' That's right, Miss Morton, , she said, taking Gertrude's presence, in the room quite a3 a matter of course. ? I am glad you thought or the lights.' AbS Mrs Victr-r Galbrsitb, lob&ing; up at tho face illumined b}' the white spires of the war-lights, thought what a pr.le, beautiful couutenauee it was. 'This is my housekeeper, Mrs Gal brsith," t;aid Sirs "Wilton. ' She will sac that you havo everything you need.* Mrs Gslbrr.ith smiled a gentle and gracious recognition to Miss Morton, and Gertrude's own heart-acknow ledged, not without a pang, how ex quisitely lovely she nasi, in her travelling-dress of silver grr.v siik, with tho white barege scarf knotted loosely under her left ana, and the dainty hat, willi its cluster of wild roses dropping'over the brim, which cet off her dark beauty so perfectly. And tho quick hot ilush of jealously rose- into Gertrude's cheek as she saw her rival take from its nurses" arms the whue-robed child. ' I hope you Hko children, Mrs Wilton, , who eaid, laughing. ' My boy is very good, but 1 assure you his lungs sro well-developed. , * Ltt mc take hitn.' Mrs Galbraith glanced round in eurprise. The tone was more of com mand than request. Gertrude had pushed Ijetivt'eti Mrs I/inton and lier gueat, aud was holding out her arms passionately. ' My dear, , cried the old lady, receding a little, *I did not know you were so fond of children.' ' mc take him," reiterated Ger trudo apparently heedless ol Mrs Wilton'a words and the young mother laid her little babe in Gertrude's out stretched anus. ' Where are you taking him ?' she asked, but Gertrude never replied. Sho enrriod thti little creature towards the light, which still shone redly in through tho west window and there, with her back towards the others, sho etood, lilt heart throbbing with a wild, yearning pain, full of mysterious fau little form pressed close to it—rending Victor's glance in tho hazel eyes, Victo-'e very look in tho dimpled red mouth that smiled up to her! His shild, and in her arms! Had the Lord *unt it as a. comforting gift! Did ho, from bis heavenly throne, pity the solitary desolation of her broken heart ? Tho child stretched out its arms with a soft, baby-sound. ' 110 knows sue,' sho cried, p.i.*sion ately; * he loves mc, oh, my baby, my darling, my beautiful treasure." She showered kisses on tho brow and cheek as sho uttered the words. ' He's very good with strangers," said Mrs Galbraith, looking not with out a sensation of uneasy woudi-r at the pretty youiifr housekeeper'ssudden passion of tenderness. ' Uut I am not a stranger," cried Gertrude, pressing the child Klill closer to her bosom as the nurse advanced. ' Xo—aud you shall not havo hiiii.* The next moment a sudden pallor crept over lior face—an expression of listening intcntness came into her features. She laid the little child back in Mrs Galbraith'a arms and vanished silently from the room, as noiselessly as a ghost might have done. The words of surprised comment which wras rifting to Sirs GaibraithV. lips were checked by tho entrance of her husband. * Hallo,' ho cried, gayly, ' are these our new quarters.* I do believe, Mrs Wilton, you have got the must roomy house in England. And how dcea the boy stand the journoy ?' The wife that stood sailing at his side, tho wife that should have been lingered in the shadow just outside the door , , drinking in the tones of his voice with au agonized hunger at her heart. * I should not havo cared, , she thought, * if it had not beon for the child !* Tho new guests had scarcely been at Lime Court more than a week, when, ouc cloudy morning, Victor '-lalbraith sauntered into his wife's sitting-room, for the suite consisted of three good-sized apartments, opening into each other. ' May I smoko s, cigar here, graciou3 lady ?' he demanded. ' Certainly you may,' said Aurora looking up with a smile. ' 15ut I thought you gentlemen had planned a fishing party for to-day ?* ' So we had," answered Victor, lighting his wesd, ' but don't you hear tho great rain drops pattering do-.vu on tho oak leaves.' ' "What a pity," eaid Aurora, ' and you poor creatures can't even crochet to pass away the time.' " Put away that ivory hook, please,' paid Mr (Jalbraith, drawing his chair nearer to his wife's sofa, ' and tell mc what you have beou doing all the. morning. , ' I have been superintending babj's toilet.* Aurora answered, ivith a mother's smiling pride, ' Miss Morton has beeii with mc, seeing him take his bath.' ' Who is Miss Morton, pray ?! ' 1) n"t you rptnember V.'ctor, the beautiful housekeeper that I told you of? the golden- haired girl, who is so like the blonde beauties in Titian's pictures, which you adore so en thusiastically ?* ? ? ? - 'Yea,' said Victor, slowly, 'it strikes mc 1 do remember hearing you rave about eorne woman or other!' ' Hav'n't you seen her ?' 'Ko. , 'Tliafc ia strange," said Aurora, j thoughtfully. ' She seems to be Mrs j Wilton'a right-haud woman, and her manners are much above those of an ordinary servant. And oh, Victor, she loves babe so dearly." 'All women like babies, I suppose,* said Mr Galbraith, puffing com placently away at his cigar. ' Yes, bat not with that sort of liking. It almost frightens mc, some times." ' Xorisensa, my dear. , ' And I can't help thiakiug—now ytta will lacgu at mo, Vietwr,* said Aurora, half cpologetically, ' that EOino one blic loved very dearly is dead, 2nd that little Victor reminds her of him.' ' Mr dear,' b-aid Victor, putting his wifo'o hend, ' that's no like s wotanii. You build up a rotnmico oti the least j possible foundation, about the least liUely per.p?e." ' 1 ivic'i yon could fee her, Victor, , cried Aurora, eagerly. ' ' I dare p.iy I shall have t!ie? pleasure i before loiip,' said Sir Galbraith, cum- I posedly, ' and then I'll givo you :iii j opinion on tho subject ot your Titian- : psqiio beauty. I've no doubt she's a i red-haired woman with about as much j expression γ-m a Dutch doll." ? * For shnine, Victor ! She is beau- ' tiful !' 1 'As pretty a? you, Aurora ?' he j naked, mischievously. ! * Much prettier,' said Mrs Gal- j brnitli, eariu-stly, ' for her beauty in of ; a rarer type." j ' I shall believe it when I sec it,' j paid 3lr Victor Galbraith, in credulously. (To be continued.) J 