ACROSS THE BORDER. N. Y. "Sunday Meecury." I had been invited to Julia Butler's wedding. I did not approve of its com ing off so soon after her aunt's death. There was an indecent haste, I thought, in these marriage festivities, 10 days after the funeral. But then I had old fashioned ideas about some things. Sly judgment was not consulted. ' " Come and see the presents," said Alice,- Julia's young sister, who was dancing round in a gleeful way. " They are just lovely." \- " Not in here, surely? " 1 said, draw ing back at the door. " Tea, here." she said, laughing,- us she pulled me in among the other dozen or so of guests, who were talking in a subdued way, as they examined the presents. ^ I felt a cold shiver creeping over mo as I glanced at the bed in the centre of the room, which was bespread with presents. It was no wonder I shivered. The room had gruesome associations. It was the room in which Ithoda Crump had suffered agony from an incurable disease for a year or moro; and from that deeked-out bed she had been carried to her grave only 10 days ago. Some how I felt too heartsick to examine the things. A glance showed mc the usual number of cake baskets, butter knives, sugar spoons, and the like, and I noticed a handsome bronze clock on a small table beside tbe bed. That which held mjr eye, however, was a large crayon picture of the bride in a heavy gilt frame, which had evidently been enlarged from a photograph. The picture rested against the table which held the clock, and beside it, on tbe carpet, stood a pair of old shoes, with the toes worn open. I knew the shoes. They were relics of Bhoda. I had boon with her a good deal during her siekuoss, and had often rallied her upon her affection for those old shoes. •'They fit every crease and joint," she would say in apology. It seemed as if the shoes diffused a sardonic grin upon the fine company around fhoin. The eyes of the portrait drew me with strange insistence. I had heard Julia called the image of her Aunt Rhodn as she was at 25. Now, as I looked. J.'hoda's ej-es, as I knew them, sharp, keen, yet pathetic with suffering, scorned to be looking through those of the picture into mine. By degrees the whole face changed. The rounded out line of Julia's countenance was effaced, and Khoda's shrewd, slightly querulous but kindly face appeared in its stead. I was awakened from tuy dream by a question over my shoulder from a tall young woman who had been looking at the pict ure when I entered. "Very true likeness of Julia," she commented ; " don't you think so ? I feci all iu a crawl," she bent to whisper, " I must get out, it is so disagreeable here." " Rlioda Crump died in this room," I said, briefly. "Oh, did she?" queried the young woman ; " I believe she is here yet. There's somebody or something uncanny in the room. Do look behind that curtain. Someone may he lurking there for the silver," she added, with a forced laugh. " Nonsense," I said, as I swept the portiere aside and opened the closet door which it concealed. " See for yourself." She peered inside the clothes closet. " There is nothing so get-at-able as a burglar here," declared a woman who joined us just then. The others had filed out silently. " I should suppose," she added, " that Bhoda Crump suffered enough in this room to ho glad to get out of it, but I seem to feel her around." I glanced at the shoes. " AVhy are they here ? " I said inconsequently. She hurried out, but I was detained by sorue strange fascination. I stood by the bed stating into vacancy. Was it vacancy .- To my fancy it was peopled with invisible forms. I glanced at the portrait. Julia had now displaced Bhoda. But Bhoda seemed to be an active creature in the room, heading a hand of shadowy followers. All at onco I remembered what she bad said to me a week before her death. " If I do not- make things uncomfort able for that girl "—meaning Julia— " after I have got out of the body, it will be because I am not able tto exert an in fluence. There is retribution in store for her especially, and I bolieve I am to be an instrument. I shall find help in the shadow land to carry it out." While I thought of this a din from the shuffling of many feet seemed to fill the room. Three sounding raps on tbe headboard of tbe bed sent me hurrying out of the room, as if the Old Nick was after inc. I went and mingled with the others in the parlours, glad of a little hilarity to overcome the bugaboos. The weddin" passed off pleasantly enough. The pair left the house at a late hour to take a train to Chicago. While the rice rained in showers as they passed out to the carriage, I saw someone standing in tbe doorway holding up the old shoes and about to fliug tlicm. Julia turned quickly as someone shouted, " Old shoes for good luck' " and said with flashing eyes, "Don't you offer to throw tlium after me !_" The hatred in her pretty face made it positively uglv. Hay along time thinking that ni"ht while James slept quietly. I could not get Bhoda out of my mind. She had lost her husband and her child years before, and was called rather "queer" by her relatives. She bad strange, abrupt wa5'S and was not a general favorite. jAut I bad always lilted her. Slio was a strong woman mentally and I had often thought that she bore lier terrible suffer ing with the heroism of a martvr. She had many good points. She was just to the last jotandtittle,but sliedidnotknow the moaniug of the word "generosity," either in thought or act. She was unfor giving and unyielding. "Bender good tor good, evil for evil," was lier motto. She had inadeher home for years with her married brother, and there had been con stant friction between her and the mem bers of tbe household. It grew worse after her brother's death, and the strain upon all, by her long sickness, seemed to cap the climax of disagreement. lilioda had held her own opinions about the other world. She believed there was no cessation of action after the breath left the body. She had never taken any interest in so-called modern Spiritualism, yet her views had a strong flavor of that belief. " There is an in visible body inside of this one we can see," she used to say. " People touch elbows with us every day, and we do not feel, much less see, tlicui, except under certain receptive conditions. Is this so very strange ? Are we usually conscious of pressure from air or eiderdown ? Is there anything very odd in the belief in invisible people ? Don't tell me we go off at once when we get out of this body, if we have any interest iu staying around. I for one don't expect to be spirited away any farther than I choose to go." " She certainly hasn't loft that room yet," I said aloud, conviction growing strong in the darkness." " That she hasn't," said a voice near me. I started up. Was it the voice of Khoda 'r " Did you speak to me ? " James asked in a sleepy tone. " Oh, it was you," I said, half ashamed of my credulity. " Let us go to sleep." But James was already snoring again. Julia's home was to bo in Chicago. Her husband lield a good position on a railway, and her outlook was prosperous. At first she wrote of the pleasant homo she had in the Lake City. Presently there was a discontented note in her letters. She was lonesome at nights, with Fred away so much. There was something strange about the rooms where they lived. She had been awakened night after night by sounds of shuffling feet and short chuckling laughs in the room where she slept. Fred had lieard the same on the nights when be was at liotne. He declared the place was haunted. They intended to move as soon I as possible. All this was recounted to uic by Mrs I Butler, Julia's mother, as I had known | the family for years. I One night about this time I dreamed of ! seeing Julia and her husband walking ] hand in hand up the gravelled path, shaded by chestnuts, which led to the I Butler homestead. Though their faces were familiar, they seemed to bo children j in stature, and their clothes were in rags. In my dream I saw theui go up to the front door and ring the bell, then, as it I did not open, they went round to a side door and began to batter it. Within a week I heard that they were | both back to the homestead, and that Bred had lost his position. 'When I went over to the house I found Julia changed from a rattling, thought less girl of six mouths ago to a subdued, unsmiling woman, disiuclinod to talk much. After a while Bred got another position j on a railroad, though it commanded small pny. Julia remained at home with I her mother. Within four mouths lior | little girl was bom. I was sent for that night. " Julia I seemed to want you hero," her mother | whispered. " She has the queerest notions. She thinks her Aunt Blioda haunts her, and that you will have some power to lay the ghost. Of course it is all foolishness, but Julia knows she was not very kind to her auut, and in her state of health she is liable to notions. I am glad you arc here." I went in and spoke cheerfully to Julia. She looked beyond my shoulder ner vously. " I want you to stay round and keep her awuy," she said, "The doctor would not nuderstand if I told him any thing. He would think I was crazy." " No one shall trouble you to-night," I said soothingly. I had a whimsical idea that if Rhoda | Crump was indeed around, she would think it senrcely just to harass the young I womau in this her supremo hour. And she | did not. Julia still rcmaiued with her mother. When little Grace was a beautiful child six months old she suddenly sickened and died. The doctor had 110 diagnosis to reach the case. The child ha.it been and perfectly healthy and was laughing i crowing i.'i lier mother's arms, when the | little form became convulsed with pain, and before the doctor got there she was ] dead. Julia's tearless grief was touching. " I saw a black shadow come over licr face like a hash just before the convul sion," Julia told nie. " It seemed like Aunt Rhode's hand reached out to snatch 1113' baby from me." " Surely not," I said hastily. " Wo must not be foolishly superstitious." It was not long after this that Julia ] joined her husband in the new, though rather humble, home he was now able to make for her in the distant town where his work luj-. They were only fairly settled when Julia succumbed to illness. Weeks of intense suffering followed, during which she was at the merc3' of an unscrupulous hired nurse. Hov mother would have gone to her, but her own feeble health forbade the journey. The l ost of the curious slor3' hangs upon the old shoes, Rboda's wedding present. Julia told me all the circum stances three 3'ears afterwards, when her second child had come to choor her heart. She had never been troubled with the strange noise since the birth of little | Grace, though it had seemed to lier during lier sickness that some grim re lentless form was always by Jicr bedside. But one night, when she was convalescent and was free from pain once more, she dreamed of seeing Rhoda, smiling, at her bedside, while she hold up the old shoes [ and chuckled over them. I11 a jiffy she I hud them 011 her feet, nnd was dancing | around tlio room like a madcap school girl, strewing small silver pieces on the carpet after her, and Julia saw that the silver was issuing through the open toes of the old shoes faster and faster, and awoke herself, laughing at the oddity of it. A week later word was brought to her that Bred had been injured in a railway smash up, and had been carried to the | hospital. The wolf was soon at her door. How to get bread while the bread-winner was | disabled was the question. Ono morning the bell belonging to her second floor rooms gave a resounding peal. She hastened down to the door as fast as her weakness would permit, and found i there a man standing, who was enveloped in a loose garment resembling the | Roman toga. He looked tall and im pressive. His face was of clialk3" white ness, nnd his round, keen black eyes seem to bore holes through her head as he | looked at her. " Good morning," he said, with a bow, and speaking with a foreign accent. " 1 will state my business at once. I am ill search of a pair of dead men's shoes.' Julia drew back, thinking lie was a | lunatic. " I am perfectly sane," he said, with a peculiar smile. " I repeat, I want a pair | of dead men's shoes, genuine ones. You do not understand. Let me explain. I am j before the public as a spirit mesmerist. I perform strange feats, and am some times accused of being in league with the devil. I11 the course of my training I discovered by mere accident that by stepping into a pair of shoes which had once belonged to a man now out of the I body I could become en rapport with his j spirit. 1 could call him up before an audience with all liis spirit associates and make them provide entertainment. Some influence directed me to your door, and indicated the second hell." " T have a dead woman's shoes," Julia said rather sharply. It was only that | iiiorningsbe had come across them in the | bottom of a box packed by Alice. "So much tlio hotter if tliey arc geiiuinu," he responded eagerly. " May | L see the shoes 'f Julia went upstairs and soon returned with them. The man in the toga took them in his hands and hold them up. " She suffered,'.' he said in a whisper. "She was unforgiving. She was just, but not generous; >Shc is an earth-bound soil-it now, but she is nrofrressinn-." TTe changed his tone. " They are not my size," lie said briskly, with a glauco at his own small, neat foot, "but they are worth oOdol to mo." Julia's eyes were blinded by tears when he gave her the crisp bank notes from his pocket-book. " It is foolish, I know," Julia said at the close of her story, " but I half believe that Aunt Ehoda has engineered a good part of my life since she ' crossed over,' just as she said she would. After I had suffered enough for my heartless treat ment of her, the old shoes I despised were the means—" "Nonsense," I interrupted. "It is all your fancy. But what became of the man in tlio toga? " " Oh, he put up big posters, hired a hall, drew big crowds and made money, while the papers told of his wonderful poweis. Perhaps lie was a humbug, but he saved me from starvation." A good old Methodist lady became very happy one Sunday (says the Phila delphia " Becord ") under the preaching of the "Word, and ejaculated " Glory ! " She was admonished to keep quiet by two of the brethren, and nodded assent, but soon becoming forgetful, responded " Hallelujah ! " The brethren again called lier attention to the annoyance, and told her that if she did not keep quiet, they would be compelled to remove her. The sermon proceeded, and the old lady, becoming very happy, and forgetful of her surroundings, shouted out, "Glory to God!" This was too much for the brethren, and tliey tried to lead lier out, but she refused to walk, so they carried lier. On her way she said: "I am honored above my Master, for, while he was carried by an ass, I am carried by two," 