CHAPTER XL The Mastee of Discohbe. Mrs. Wornock's frank revolution of her girlish love and self-sacrifice lifted a burden from Allan's heart and mind. He had been interested in her, and attracted towards her from that first summer noontide when he studied her thoughtful face in the village church, and when lie lingered among the villagers' graves to hear her play. His sympathy had grown with every hour he spent in her society, and he had been deeply grateful for the fricncLsliip which so cordially in cluded bun and the girl he loved. It had been very painful to him to believe that this sweet mannered woman belonged to the fallen ones of the earth, that her graces were the graces of a Magdalen, most painful to tliiuk that she was no fitting companion for the girl wlio had so readily responded to her friendly advances. The cloud was liftednow, and he feltfashamed of all his past doubts and suspicions. IIo re spected Mrs. Wornock for her refusal to meet his father in the beaten way of friendship. He was touched by thedevotiou which had brought her creeping to his windows under the cover of night to look upon the face of her beloved. He resolved that he would do all that in him lay to atone for the wrong his thoughts had done her, that he would be to her, indeed, us a second son, and that he would cultivate her son's friendship in a brotherly spirit. lie stopped in tho corridor on the morning after that interview to study the portrait of the young man whose likeness to himself had now resolved itself into a psychological mystery, and ho could but see that it was a likcnces of the mind rather than of the flesh, a resemblance in character and expression far more than in actual lineaments. - '•He is vastly ray superior in looks," tlionglit Allan, as he studied the lines of that boldly limued face. He has his motlier's fincly chisellcd features, bis mother's delicate colour ing. There is a shade of effeminacy, other wise the face would be almost faultless. And to mistake this face for that! Absurd!" muttered Allan, catching rite reflectioA of bis sunburnt forehead, and strongly marked nose and chin, in the Venetian glass* that hung at right angles with the picture. He heard the organ while the footman paused with his hand on the door, waiting to announce the visitor. Tho simpler music, the weaker touch, told him the pupil was playing. "Plcaso don't stop," he cried, as lie went iu, Cl I want to hear if the pupil is worthy of her mistress." Mrs. Wornock came to meet him, andSuzette went on playing, with only a smile and a nod to her sweetheart. "She is getting on capitally. She is an entlrasiust about music," announced Mrs.. Wornock. " How elate you are looking this morning!" " I have good news. My son is on his way home." 4'I congratulate you." " He is coming home for his long leave. I shall have him for nearly a year." • " How happy you shall be., X have just been studying his portrait." "You are so like hira.", • M Oh, only a rongh copy—a charcoal sketch on coarse paper—nothing to boast of," said Allan, with a curious laugh. He was watching Suzctte, to see if she were intawtcd in the expected arrival. Slio played on, hor eyes intent alternately upon the page of music in front of her, :ind upon the stops which she was learning to use. There was no stumbling in .the notes or halting in the'time. She played the simple legato passages smoothly and carefully, and seemed to pay no heed to their talk, Allan would have been less than human, perhaps, if his first thought on hearing of Geoffrey's return had not been of the influence ho might exercise upon Suzettc—whether in him she would recognise the superior and more attractive personality. " No," lie thought, ashamed of that jealous fear which was so quick to foresee & rival. " Suzette has given mo her heart, and it must be my own fault if I can't keep, it. Women arc'our superiors, at loast in this, that they are not so easily caught by the modelling of a face, or the rich toucs of a complexion. And shall I think so mcauly of my sweet Suzette as to suppose my happiness is in danger because someone more attractive that myself appears on the scene ? When wc spend our first season I in London as man and wife, she will have to ! run the gauntlet of all the agreeable men in ' town, soldiers aud sailors, actors and paiuters, ingenious young adorers, and hoary-hcaded flatterers. * Tho whole army of Satan that maketli war npon innocence and beauty. Ho, I am not afraid. She has a fine brain and a noble heart. She is not tho kind of woman to jilt a lover or betray a husband. I am safe i Icvinglier." He had need to comfort himself for the hour of trial was nearer than he thought. Ho went to Discomba before luncheon on the morning after he heard of Geoffrey's return. He weaftxpectiug to find Snzette at the organ, and to hoar the latter part bf the lesson. He was not a connoisseur, but he loved music well enough to hear his sweethea-t play, and to be able to distinguish every shade of improvement in her performance. To-day, however, the organ was silent; the youth who blew* the bellows mis chasing a wasp in the corridor, and the room to which Allan was ushered was •mpty. "The ladies arc in the garden, sir," said the footman. " Slinll I tell my mistress that you are here !" "No, thanks. I will go and look for the ladies." The autumn morning was bright and mild, and one of tho IVench windows was open. Allan hurried out to.thc garden, and looked down the cypress avenue. The long perspec tive of smooth-shaven lawn was empty. There was no one loitering by tbc fountain. They were in the summer-house—the classic temple where Mrs. Wornock had sunk into uncon sciousness at the sound of his father's name, where he had lived tiirongh the most em barrassing experience of his life. He could distinguish Mrs. "Wornock's bin ok gown, and Suzette's dcrra-cotta frock, a cloth frock from the Salisbury tailor, which he had greatly admired. But there was another figure that puzzled him—an unfamiliar figure in gray —a man's figure.. Never had the grass walk seemed so long, or the temple so remote. Yes, that third figure was decidedly masculine. There was no optical delusion as to the sex of the stranger. There was no petticoat hidden behind the marble table. As he drew nearer he saw that the intruder was u young man, sitting in a lounging attitude, with his aims resting on the table, and his shoulders leaning forward to bring him nearer to the two ladies seated opposite. He felt that it would be undignified to run, hut he walked so fast in his eagerness to discover the identity of the interloper that he was in un undigufied perspiration when he arrived. "Allan, poor Allan, how you have been running!" exclaimed Suzettc. "Iwas vexed with myself for losing the wholcof your organ lesson," said Allau shaking hands with Mrs. Wornock, and gazing at the stranger as at a ghost. *Yes, it was Geoffrey Wornoek. Even his hurried reflections during that hurried walk had told Allan that it roust be be, and none other. No one else would be admitted to the i familiarity of the garden and summerliouse. Airs. Wornock had no casual visitors, no intimate friends, except Suzettc and himself. "There has been no organ lesson this morn ing, Allan," Airs. Wornock told him, her face radiant withdmppiness. " Suzettc and I have been stirprisccl out of all sober occupations and ideas. This son of mine look it into his head to come home nearly a fortnight before I ex pected him. He arrived as suddenly as if heN had been dropped from the skies. He did not even telegraph to be met at the station." " A telegram would have taken the edge off the surprise, mother," said the man in gray, standing up tail and straight, but slenderly built. Allan felt himself n coarse gladiatorial sort of person beside this elegant and refined-look ing young wan. Nor was there anything effeminate about that graceful figure to which - an envious critic could take exception. Soldier ing had given that air of manliness which can co-cxLst with a thread-paper figure, and a girlish waist. " Geoffrey, this is Allan, of whom you know so much." "They tell me that you and I are very much alike, Mr. Carew," said Geoffrey, with a pleas ant laugh, "and my mother tells me that you and I arc to hike kindly to each other, and in fact filio expects to see us by. way of being adopted brothers—I don't quito know wlmt that means—whether we are to ride each other's horses, and make free with each other's gnns, or go halves in a yacht or a racehorse." "I want yon to like each other—to be real friends," said Airs.-Wornoek, earnestly. "Then don't say another word about it, mother. Friondsliip under that kind of pro tecting influence rarely comes to any good; hut I am quite prepared to like Mr. Carew on hi* own account, and I hope he may be able to like me on the same poor grounds." He bad an airy way of dismissing the subject wbicb set them all at their case, and steered them away from the rocks and shoals of senti ment. Mrs. "Wbrnock, who had been on the verge of weeping, smiled again, and led Geoff rey off to look at the gardens and all the im provements which had been effected daring his three years' absence, leaving the lovers to follow or not as they pleased. The lovers stayed in the summer-house, fooling that mother and son would like to be alone, and mother and son strolled on side by side, looking like brother and aster. " Hy dearest," said Mrs. Wornock, tenderly, slipping her arm through her son's directly they were really alone, and ont of eight, in the old quadrangular garden, wallod round by dense hedges of clipped ilex, a garden laid out in a geometrical pattern, and with harrow gravel paths intersecting the flower beds. The glory of all gardens was over. There were only a few lingering dahlias, and prim asters lifting up their gundy discs to the sun, and beds of marigolds of different shades, from pale yellow to deepest orange. "3Iy dearest, how glad I am to have you. I begin to lire again now you have come home." "And I am very glad to be at home, mother," answered her son, smiling down upon her, fondly, protectingly, but with that light tone which marked all he said. " But it seems to me you have been very much alive while I havo been away, with this young mau of youra who is almost an adopted son." "Hy heart went out to him, Geoffrey, because of his likeuess to you." " A dangerous precedent. ' You -might meet half a dozen stioh likenesses* in a Jjondon season. It would hardly do for your heart to go out to them all. You would ha coming home with a large family—by adoption." " There is no fear of that. I don't go into society, and I don't think if I did, I should meet anyone like Allan Carew." Geoffrey could hut note tho tenderness in her tone as sho spoke Allan s name. "And who is this double of mine, mother: and what is he, and how does he come to be engaged to that dainty, dark-eyed girl?" " Yon like Sozctte ?'* "Yes, I like her—she is a nice, winning thing—not startlingly pretty; hut altogether nice. I like the way that dark alky hair of hers breaks tip into tiny curls about her fore head—and she has fine eyes-—" ^ " India has made yon critical, Geoffrey." " Not India, but a native disposition, mother dearest. In Iudia wo have often to put up with second best in the way of beauty, faded carnations, tired eyes, hollow cheeks: but the young women have generally plcntr to say for themselves. They can talk, and they can dance. They are educated for the marriage market.before they arc sent out." His mother laughed, hut hung on to liis arm admiriugly. In her opinion, wliatever lie said was either wise or witty. All his impertinences were graceful. His ignorance was better than other people's knowledge. "You have not neglected your violiu, I hope, Geoffrey?" "No, mother. My good little Strad has been my friend and comrade in many a quiet hour while the other fellows were playing cards, or telling stale stories. I 6hali be very glad to -play the old De Beriot duets again. Your fingers have not lost their cunning, I know." " I have played a great deal while you wcro away. I have had nothing else to thiuk about." "Except Allan Carew." "He has not made mach difference. Ho comes and goes as he likes—especially wheu Suzcttcis here. I sit at my organ or piano and let them wander about and amuse them selves." \ ' ""What an indulgent chaperon." " I knew wliat the end must be, Geoffrey. I knew from the first that they were in love with each other. At least I knew from tho very first that he was in lore with her." " You were not so sure about the lady?" " A girl is too shy to let her feelings be read easily; but I could sec she liked bis society. They used to ramble about the garden together like children. They were too happy not to bo in love." "Does beiug in love mean happiness, mother? Don't you think there is. u middle state between indifference and passion—:t cordial, comfortable, sympathetic friendship which is far happier than love. It has no cold fits of doubt, no hot fits of jealousy. From your account of theso young people, I question if they were ever really in love. Your Carew looks essentially commonplace. I don't give liiin credit for much imagination." "Youwill understandby-and-by, dearest." The mother was looking up at the newly re gained son, admiring him, and beginuhig to fancy that she hud done him au injustice in thinking that Allan resembled him. He was much handsomer than Allan, and there was something picturesque and romantic in his couutcnance and bearing wliich appealed to a. woman's fancy; a look us of the Lovelaces tuul Dorse ts of old, the courtiers and soldiers who could write a love-song on the eve of u bloody battle, or dnuce a minuet at midnight, and fight a dud at dawn. His manner to his mother was plnyful and protcctiug. Ho hud not the air of thinking her the wisest of women, but 110 one could doubt time ho loved her. The summer-house was empty when they went back to it, and there was a pencilled note on the marble table addressed to Mrs. Wbrnock. "Allan is going to see me home in time to give father his tiffin, and I think you and Mr, "Wbrnock will like to have the day to your selves. I shall come for my organ lesson to morrow at 11, unless you tell me to stop away— ' Ever, dear Mrs. Wornoek, rour own " "SozErrE." [to be continued kext ttekk.] Papers have been presented to Farliament containing "The. Divorce and ITatrimoninl Rules, 1891," and " The Insolvency (Proxv) Rules ol 1891," ol the Supreme Court. , 