British and Foreign. Some of the best English jockeys earn above L100 a week. \- Only one person: in four in London earns over Ll a week. The art of knowing men maybe learnt, but cannot be taught. Russia reported to be extensively buy- ing Australian scoured wool. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and pictoriaily represent them -a & pale-faced women, with hair hanging over their eyes. An exposition of arts and industries will be held in the city of Mexico in 1896. The Chinese settlers cf Formosa num ber fully 2,500-000 oat of a population of 3,000,000. Japan is almost as large as California, having 147,000 square miles, while the American state bas 158,000. The phosphate mines of Florida num ber 106,, and they yield more than 500,000 . tons; of phosphate annually. The city built by Brutus, the semi- mythical discoverer of Great Britain, on the site of the present London, bore the name of Troja-Nova. The date of Lord Br&ssey;'s departure from England in his steam yacht The Sunbeam, to -take up the Governorship of Victoria, is definitely fixed for Jane A London firm which has manufactured eight qF the eleven cables" linking the United States to England make . fifty- five miles of cable each twenty Your hours. " , . In each wing of the 'ostrich, twent.y-teix long white plumes grow to maturity, in eight months, in the male these are pure white, while those of the female shade to ecru or grey. Before semaphore signalling came into vogue, oa English rail ways a lighted candle atT night in the window of a statim. house signified 44 stop," while its absent indicated Yhe line was clear. >A ns Bfermoga is not thought worthy of any placein a tribe until h® has brought home at least one Chinese head The greater the number of bead? the higher he is raised in the tribe. Mr John Ruck, an inventor, has suc ceeded in creasing the Channel in a cycle boat of his own designing. He travelled from Dover to Calais, a distance o twenty-one miles, in seven hours and a quarter. The cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs half 'pf which is to be provided bv thi S&i; " and half by the city and the de partment. It will be 33 miles in length including a tunnel fonr miles long. ' | There are ne telegraph poles in China. This is because the Celestials will not allow a shadow to fall on the graves of their ancestors, which are scattered thickly over the whole country. Conse- quently all the telegraph wires are laid underground . _The difficulty between France and the Royal Niger Company promises to be settled amicably. The leader of the ex pedition in the Niger territory is stated to bs only a private traveller, and the French Government has premised to make full enquiry into the affair. The Government of Norway and Sweden have decided upon the purchase of the principal lines of railway n>vr in the hands of private companies in these countries. In Sweden there are 5454 miles of railway, of which only 1811 are the property of the State. An apparatus for burning coal dust bas been brought out in Germany. The con sumption of even the most inferior class of coal dust is attended with 110 smoke, while the heat produced is so intense that the apparatus has been adapted in Berlin to smeltiug works and with excellent re- suits. More than half the world's supply of tin is mined in the Straits Battlement at the tip of the Malay peninsula. The out put in 1891 was 36,061 tons, out of a total of 56,651 tons; 12,106 tons came from the Dutch East Indies, chiefly from the Island of Banks, leaving on y 8381 tons for the rest of the world. The war in the Far East is over. Beth the belligerent powers have ratified the treaty as modified to meet the demands of Rusia and the countries which joined in the now famous protest. Japan will pro ceed to evacuate Chinese territory on the mainland and to take possession of the lsland of Formosa. Professor Blackie in his will lias, it is understood, left oaly L4000, having con veyed the bulk of his property to Mrs Blackie before his death. His modem Greek library— said to be one of the finest in existence — he leaves to Edinburgh University, and after Mrs Blackie's death a Blackie travelling scholarship in Greek will be founded! A Chinese writer says, regarding the ;-b iriginal population of Formosa:— 4 Although these men hare men's forms, they have not men's nature. To govern them ia impossible ; to extermina'e them is not to be thought of." There is s good deal of firat-c«tch-your-hare no doubt required in dealing with these pe«p.e, andso nothing can be done with them.82 . the demand made upon Japsh, in the interest of Russia, by the European Powers— Russia, Germany, France and Spain— against the terms of the original peace treaty have been fully complied with, there is still much foreign naval activity in the China Seas. Russia, France and Germany have all increased the number of . their warships «n the Far East station, and it it believed that the incieass is intended to be perma nent. Tha industrial exhibition to be held at Kyoto, Japan, this year is attracting a grat deal of attention in all parts of the world. Japan has come so very much to the front lately that all countries are alike anxious to be represented at he great international fair, all being alike eager to share in the trade, which, it is confidently believed, is about to develop in the land of the chrysanthemum Elaborate preparations are in P" gress at- Kyoto for the recep tion and entertainment of visitors, new hotels are being run up, recreation reserves are: being, get apart for poP J games, and Australians will be interested to knew, above everything else, that their special tastes are being catered for in the matter of athletics, the programme of games including what the Japanese can "kickhall," which we may take to mean football, though whether Rugby, Associa tion or Victorian is not specified. There will also be horse-racing, an item in the bill which may tempt some of our super flouR turf operators to emigrate from toe over-crowded market of Australia. A Tarnagulla correspondent statei that Mir H, Joyce, -an old colonist, know® throughout Victoria in mining circles, died on Monday after a long illness. Deceased was a member of the Mary borough Mining Board for many was mining and legal manager of several companies, and municipal auditor. leaves a wife and four children in c0®" fortable circumstances. , . It appears that there is no truth wW" evar in the statement that Mr Eddy ®p reaigned the position ef Chief Comm sioner of Railways of Neir Mouth Wale 