RAGING REFLECTIONS: By-'' Delaware.' A WEEH PONY HACING. Eaciijg Legislation, He A.J.G. and Poijy Racing, j T^e Blood oi' Blacllock. 1 It itf rnmored tbat Mr. Hassall intends to bring in. a Bill to deal with racing — par- ticularly pony racing. The reason of this threatened legislation is the nnmeross pony mcetingB that are taking place every day in the metropolitan area. The sooner some wise restrictions are placed cpon this growing evil, the better for everybody concerned. If Mr. Hassall fails, aa he is almost sore to do, because lie is sot a ncn man that can allora to Bobble members of Parliament, the A.J.C. might pnt in their little oar, as the V.H.C. did is .Victoria, and disqualify trainers, owners, jeckeve, bookmakers, eta, that at tend these meetings unless they are under the care of the big club. Or perhaps it would be totter for the A.J.C. to allot pony dates, and let their trainers train ponies and their jockejs ride them, and register these men eo as to have some control over them. Some control is required, because the present rulers of pony racing have little or none. A certain suburban course ie now managed by a pony trainer, who blatantly threatens anybody (especially jockeys) who oi end him ' that he will have them rubbed oat ' the first time be catches them tripping at ? . No doubt this party would do a lot of good if he succeeded in wiping ont a score or two of poz^j parasites, including himself— especially 'himself. He &3V«E vrouid be misbea. The uncertain toae of the libel market impels me to withhold this wotthj'e name, unt if any ol the As sociated Clubs communicate with ma I will give bis name up, and the names ot those be has threatened. If the AJ.C. thought it worth while to interfere, they could do so without compro mising their dignity. They couid let their j registered trainers train ponies, but not st I Randwick. Jockeys could ride ponies if I tbey wished, but H all trainers and jockeys, whether pony or otherwise, were controlled by tha A.J.&, and a firm man deputed to act is the interests of the premier club at the pony gatherings, etiH running sud foul Tiding WGulii soon come to an end. It is very unlikely that these reforms win ever fce carried out, but if tbey are ever seriously considert i, it should not be forgotten tbat a check should be pet upon the many pony meetings that are taking place every week. One day'a horse-racing a week is qnite enough within the metropolitan area. Why hbooid we have five pony meetings a week t Thete pony gatherings cannot pay the pro moters in an ordinary way, so it is natural to sucpoee that some promoters get their profits in an enraorniiwry way. It is a public ttsndai tbe way a certain clique win at one of the suburban courses ; in fact, they win four times out of five when tbey can get get any money out of tbe ring. If they cannot get on, they just call their moke back and instruct tbe rider to go down. Some times the rider makes a hash of tbe ' dead 'un ' and let the public see what a thief he is, bet no matter how indignant the . ctawardt ma; be with less favored thieves, tbey 'Somehow never see anything wrong vritk thofe alluded to. ! trust tbat 5 am alive and kicking when Mr. Reid alters the Libel Law. * » » The ghost of the late Sr. Shorthoase must bsve b«n uneasy last Wednesday, when, at ' Boyal ' Ascot, the scions of the ' accursed Blackloek' managed to secure three im 1 portent prizes — the Coventry Stakee, the Prince of Wales Stakes, and the Gold Vase. Notwithstanding all tbe good old Doctor's 'r vehement arguments against the Blacklock's they bave been steadily asserting their stoutnesB, and I doubt if even among the descendants of Whalebone could be counted as many first-class horses as could be re'^oued to-day as coming from fiddle-headed lilacklock. The three winners mentioned above are by grandsons of Galopin. Per- j Simmon, by fct Simon, from Perdito 11. won the Coventry Stakes of £1000, for two yeal-olds. five furlongs and 136yds, and on the same day Persimmon's brothel, Floritel 11, won the Gold Vase, two miles. Both these horses belong to the Prince of Wales, who bred them. Their sire, St. Simon, ie a direct descendant of Blacklock, being by Oalopin from St. Angela. Galopin is by Vedette from Flying Duchess, by Flying Dutchman from Merope, by Voltaire, a son of Black rook. St Simon's dam, St Angela, has got one strain of Blacklock in his vefns through a mare named Hornsea, who was by Blackloek's best aon, Velocipede. Fiorirel's dam, Perdita II. is fnll of Blacklock blood. 8be runs back to Teterrina, who is by Volti guer, a grandson of Blacklock, and also to Myrrh*, by Malek, a brother to Velocipede and aon of Blacklock. Matchbox's brother, \- Matchmaker, who won the rich Prince of Wales' Stakes at Ascot, is by a Galopin horse, Donovan ; and tbe second in thatrace, McNeil, it also by a son of Galopin, ? ? ? Except, ptttops, the attendance, there was little fault to be found with Wednesday's Warwick Farm races. A : serious accident occurred in the last race, but there does not seem to be any evidence forthcoming as to whether it was caused by misohance or the our&e; of pony racing, foul riding. Had one of the riders been killed we might have discovered something at the inquest, but as we haven't a dead jockey at hand to eit on, we must only coma to the old conclusion that something has been deal ing with something in the interests of some thing tbat haB the donbtfnl privilege of having a big ponter behind it. Two of the jockeys, Geo Garland and C. Deane, were hurt ; Garland unfortunately had his thigh broken, and Deane was seriously injured, bat not, I believe, dangerously. The racing was of an exciting character, and Mr Wilson, the ; handicapper, is to be congratulated. The ' mighty ' Bullerana added another race to I hia already long list, as did another old friend, Lady, who won the Liverpool Handi cap. Rosy Horn and Queen bird ran a dead heat (jost in front of Spleadalia) for the Welter Handicap. Saxon Girl just got home in front of Satan for the Fairfield Handicap. It was a tremendous raca between Silver Hill, Iduna and local for the Warwick Handicap. They finishedas written, with heads between them. The notorious Pearl Powder, Bex, Begalia and Friendless fell at the three-fnilong post. Tbe cause of this wholesale tumbling will be inquired into by tbe Stewards to-morrow. * * » The Kensington people must have been on good terms with thtmielves before the first race was decided on Thursday, as both reserves were as fall aa a pony man after his punters had 'come up.'well over a successful coup. The lacing was quite up to tbe usual standard, bet the performance of the runners waa not in accord with their previous efforts, and that of Ina, in 14-2 Handicap so shocked the stewards, that they ordered her a six month's holiday. As Craw ford, her jockey, and the owner, Mr. Morgan, looked a bit weary, the stewards humanely gave them a well-earned rest for a long period. Polly IFs. display in the open ing race did not meet with the approval of the authorities . at first, but on making inquiries from those most concerned, the; decided that a caution would meet the case. A jockey named E. Phillips was suspended till the end of July for breaking a contract with Mr. ' Knocker' Fonlsham, the owner of Commodore, whom Phillips had pledged himself t« ride ia the 11-2 Handicap, bnt refused to do so on the ground of having a much better mount Young McDongall complained of the rider of Discard in the Kensington Handicap for fool riding, bat it was proved that Discard was an unmanageable brute, and any interference that may bave taken place was not the fanlt of her rider, L Wilier. Between backer and book the day was an even one, and after the racing was over, these two oppcslng factions fraternised together at the bar, and told each other fairy tales with a disregard for the truth that appalled eves I, who could give Ananias Tib and a bad beating. m ? ? The second edition of the double- barrelled Warwick Farm pony programme duly came' o*i on Friday beiDie a moderate audience and beyond tbe usnal amount of in and out running tbe sport was uninteresting. For once in a way the backers scored heavily againBt the books, who were routed with slaughter. Tbe day opened auspiciously for the odds merchants, who got a comparative outsider home in Little King, who beat Will o' the Wisp (3 to 1), Mohican (5 to 1) and severalethers, including Reminder, who was eo heavily backed that hi reached 3 to 1. Little Eing only beat Willo' the Wisp by a head. 'Willy ' was evidently in much better humor than on Wednesday. Carmel vrae in strong order at evens for the Vale Handicap, but ehe Tan out of place to ftuanaco, who waa freely backed. The favorite, Euston, had a very easy task to win the Moorbank Handi cap ; nor had Satan much trouble in annex ing tbe Guildford Handicap, but had Volley been in commission sbe might hare troubled bim. Silver Hill fairly smothered the mediocre lot that opposed him for the Farm Handicap. A well-known punter was on one of the beaten horses in this race, rather heavily. He bet on ' information received ' from a man whose boots left much to be desired. After Silver Hill cantered is onr beaten punter began, like all beaten men, to philosophise. ' All men are liars, they are torn liars, almost the first words they utter are lies.' For instance, a prattling baby will call some man father, but lfs a 100 to 1 it is addressing the wrong man. Nasty, cer- I tainly, but all men are nasty when they i lose. - At Kensington on Thursday, the pony Nana kicked Danny Lawson on the chest As might be expected Danny wa* unhurt, but Nana looked sorry she did not lasb at some thing softer. Had Nana kicked a little higher and struck Dan on the jaw, she would have broken her leg, for a search j warrant couldn't find a eott spot about' Danny. The Yankees who are invading England with their horses had a tremendous plunge on one of their cracks in a £100 selling race at Newmarket the other week. They backed their horse Banqnet II to win £6000, and landed the 'mustard' all right, but they had to pay £1510 to get back the horse, who was entered to be sold for £300. The owner of \ the second thns pouched £605 for his division of the spoil The prixe was only a £100. But the Yank* met with a reverse Is another i selling race. They plunged on their crack, i Shmehiil, but he was left at the post and j didn't get a 'drum.' On returning the Britishers promptly claimed Stonebill, and i got him for £400, after which the air was thick with strange Yankee oaths. 