; > - " .... \-- gjgjggg? [?] [?] [?] [?] ,<>J.I> " ITT E in the weeklyTimes". , . The Smile's Daughter; . . OR, — :' A CIRL OF THE PEOPLE. — ' . » ... BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author o! ' Cruel London," " Cly tie," " Three Rseraits," " Under the Great Seal," " By Order of the Czar," etc., etc. Prologue. A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE. The sunshine and the shadowof a Village Wedding fall across the opening pages of this story of love and adrenture. Hesther Grattan was the briie of the; village of Tideswsll When Jeasop Bilythe won her favor against several less courageous rivals. They were 11 a bonnie couple/ That was! generally agreed. TideswelL Btrewed their path with flowers, and Castleton received the bride and bridegroom with feasting and the ringing of the bells of old St. Edmunds. Not that the young married people were any more than well-to-do villagers. They were not even of what are called the middle class. Bat the Gr&ttans; of Tides- vell had held land in the parish for a hundred years, mid the Blythes represented the two industries of Castleton. They were ropemskers and lapidaries. Hesther had every qualification for the part of village belle. She was pretty and something of a coquette. The local swains were afraid of her. The only bold wooer who had attacked Heather's virgin heart was J esfiop Blythe, who visited Tideswell on market jlajs, . and after seeiug Hesther had found his ways thither to/the . Sunday afteraooq-sarvices in the Cathedral of the Beak, where the sang in the eheir. He Was a few years older than Hesther, a - manly, fine-looking yoaegfetlow withWper- ; snasive manner and a merry eye., flsiaald sincra good sang, and was populiwioth „ men aud women. -Z. > - , And so tie belle of Tides well was carried ; off in triumph to reign in Castleton as/Mrs Jes-op Blythe. t " Happy is the bride that the sun 'shines on" was not fulfilled iu the oace of Hesther Grattan. Jesaop beard something at TideswelL a month or two after his marriage that reused the devil in him. He became jealous, and, like other jealons fools, did not tell his wife what he had heard, and ask her for an ex planation, bat found for endorsement of the scandal in every tittle utterance and innooent frivolity that he might misinterpret to Heather's disadvantage. Te doubt with JesBop was to believe, to believe was to judge. Naturally ot a social disposition, somewhat vain of his popularity, accustomed to the welcome of the Wheat fchtaf smokeroom, JeBsop sought in genial society to deadeptius vexation and disappoint ment in the iooal taproom; and the sunshine of the Tideswell bridal soon palsd before the shadow of Castleton. To the d mm jrlousy succeeded the demon drink, and within nine months the vilL ga belie of Tideswell found herself cte serted and a sorrowing mother, whose only child is the heroine of this story of joy and sortGW, cf love and adventure, of untoward exile eni romantic restoration to home and friends, JesBop Blythe's daughter is the life and soul of the story of hiB banishment.; Beloved above her station, a girl of the people, worse than fatherless, oiphaned soon after her birfcb, and yet po«e?sed of singular atircctio s, a woman p cnltarly English, her career is as foil of surprises as the fate of her father, who wa destined to see life in strange places, leaving his daughter to the tender mercies of a hard world. No child ever blossomed into a beautiful girlhood, nor developed the higher nature ot woman under snbra inauspicious condi tions. Endowed with a strange Christian same, born with a strong individuality, disliked by the gland mother in whose house she lived, permitted torun wild about the Peak, yet watched over by an odd fellow known as"a character, " baring for s companion and friend a waif and stray from the land of gallant little Wales, onr heroine stands m&rkable; example of the force of"o1iaraoter and the everlasting .influence of feminine beauty. Bat itis desirable that we should wait a little while for the more effective introduc tion cf the oxde's daughter, and in the mean time take up the- thread of the narrative wi th the banishment of Jessop Blythe by an 4h- dostrial communitythat is hniquein thisje of indnstriaittnd socialistic dsVribpmenteV/.V-: CHAPTiSlSlifejOD's FACTORY. .... They were a c 'mfjiiljf of ropemakers. For : two hundred years they and their ancestors . had been tenants under the Duke of Devon shire. In this current year of grhce the toilets occupy the building in which their fore fathers worked, and on the same easy terms. They pay no rent, nor never did. , 4 ", Yet they possess the most wonderful Tiouse of labor in the world. It is the entrance to what is known to typography as the; Devil's Hole ; but if ever building gs ve special evi dence of the Divine hand it is to be seen in the great cavern of the High Peak. It has a dome and a nave that dwarf St. Peter's and St. Paul's. The ropers dram and wheels and flying yarn make a music of their own. It is as if the men and women gave , tunes to the cord age which they spin. The strings of the in dustrial harp are many and various. Once in a way a woman's voice rises above the buzz of , the rotating yarn, and the chorus breaks the monotony of the daily toil. This is generally ; a jubilate, in which jthe younger voices fling ' out the refrain with' open throats— r ? -.--ir. Happy-Land! Happy Land ! J - What e're my fate in life may be ; Still again, StaU again, ? My heart shall cling to thee ! And this was their h ippy land, this Cave of the Peak, and this village of Castleton. Human fancy could hardly conceive for this unconscious worship a n_ore impressive templein which the Divine edict should be fulfilled "In the sweat of thy brow shalb thou eat bread/' Tn this temple, that dominates the Cavern of the Peak, the ropemakers of Cavedale, mep and women, girls and boys, work and live together as a model Socialistic com munity, but without the noisy reclame- of a cheap democracy. They fulfil their daily duties quit tly and in peace under the un written laws of a united family. The Throne is their ground landlord, and ever since there were Dnkes cf Devonshire. and in the old time before them, the Caven dishes have , been the leaseholders. These ropemakers of Cavedale, in the parish of Castleton, have seven masters. When one di8 or is thrown out (an exceptional incident, Which forms one of the chief motives of this present history) the eldest sOn of the family takes his place. If there is no son then the oldest workman of the dead master succeeds. There are to this day some two or three ; score persons employed under these seven families.. Five of the. masters belong to one family; two to' another. It is a very close" 1 oroujh, and picaresque as it is c ose. (Strangers who have observed in books of; . travels pictures of the High Peak cavern are inclined to wonder what the weird gallows like uprights aud posts are, with flying ropes and hanging weights, and suggestions of. vast wheels beyond, and curious figures standing oat against the darkness. This is the ropery. Each master has his walk. Seven rope- walks traverse this stupendous excavation, which is the hallway of the so-called Devil's Hole, with its headways and subways, . its halls of Bbtisandits dripping wells, its under ground rivers and its other mysteries beyond. These are things that do not concern the. ropers much. " In the old days there were ghosts in the cave, but the ropers were hardy folk, and they had their, free possession to maintain, so they paid. nq heed to, ghosts, nor took-.and account bt the shadowy men' in armor who were -said to / appear in the grounds .of Pevertt's Ctotie immediately above them/ Mr Ruskin probably never saw this High Peak house of labor. Otherwise the world would have hemd soihething of it, since the reclnse of the Lakes loves hand-made things, anddelights la the primitive, the lowly And the natural. , - - , Theropenof the Peak, who pay no rout . And work in a factory made by God, epiu and weave in the old Egyptian way. Their ropes and twine, their hviters and clothes-lines, their whipcord and babies, are all made; by hand. Their factory has no .doors. It is '-open to sun end shadow, to summer winds and winter blasts; and the ropers work their right through the year. It is a sheltered sits. You arrive at it through a valley which it made musical by the brook that u born in the cavern, and which now and, then becomes a toixent — angry, yellow, opaque, terrible. . - 1 / A« the floor dips 'at its farther -end, the central opening is somewhat dwarfed, and has the remarkable effect of a mighty window which, as , you approach it. opens out, and finally gives upon the footpath in Cavedale, whence yon see the great limestone front ris ing up sheer to the sky with lichens and stray flowers upon its wrinkled face, and here .and there a Wild bird sweeping athwart. the iron- grey rock and disappearing into she heavens ebove. It was at this untaxed taotory of freemen that Jessop Bly the washaled before his peers to suffer the penalty of the drone. For masters and men labor and obedience was the legacy of God's factory. In the most democratic of Socialistic communities labor is a conditiira of etence. . /When the idraLComioonwealth is started, ttawre will be zhnrii mdre casting out of the ! yzy and the dissolute ti&n; is dreamed of by the open-mcuthed idltt/ who irink in the sophistries, of lo-hiit and/ loDg-headed agtatoc3-m Lohdbn, Chicago ahffParis. Jessop Blythe had worked in the com munity since boyhood. Always a truant and a laggard he had over and over again broken the unwritten laws of the masters oi Cave- dale. Latterly he had taken to drink, and he was untrue' to the best interests of his fellows. He had undersold them in the markets. He had reviled their . occupation. He worked only by fits and starts, and had generally drifted to the bad. The maaters ware loth to move against him ; but at last their patience was exhausted and discipline demanded that he should he cast out from the hive. /Fortunately tor Jessop he had a hard working mother. She had succeeded to the ' business of her husband, who Was a lapidary. ' Zodack Bradford was her foreman; He had held a similar position with her husband. Zodack was what Derbyshire people call " a character.' Everybody is " a character" in the Peak country who is not of the common and regular pattern of humanity. Zodack in his w iyv was a man of phrases. He shot his oon- troverrial opponents down with a queer say ing or a rough epigram. He was also the cleverest lapidary in all -the county. Old Blythe had put his son Jessop to the ropemaking. Tne lad did not frame well for the cutting, engraving, .or .polishing of atones. He was a dull mettled lad, and there Was an opening in the ropewalk which in due course led to Jessop taking s master's place in lieu of the ordinary rii'vession. Onbecoming one of the Seven Masters, Jessop Blythe had married' Hester Grattan, and within a month or two of hjs. marriage he had taken to drink with a xegnhuity and persistence that, devoted to his proper cal ling, would have led to prosperity. Jessop. had always been fond of a.gls and a bit of company. He was popular at the alehouse, and the delight of Saturday jB%ht smoke rooms became she could sing a good song, and was "as sweet a whistler as ever cocked a lip/'- to quote the verdict of Castleton, and the old town was fastidious in the matter ot music, rejoiced la its Glee Club, and at Christmas time would' give forth its " Halle-, luj ah chorus" from the " Messiah," "Hark, the Herald Angels," and " The Star of Beth lehem,' with an energy that was stimulated with mulled ale and ram punch, the recog nised order of refreshment for the Waits all round about the regions' of the Peak. Wnen Jessop Blythe was haled before his follows he had just heen made a father. The new-comer was a girl. He had insisted upon drinking her health with his mid-day meal. Any reason for drink was m good reason with Jessop. Zodack Bradford said the youngest master roper had in one short year become the oldest waster and vagabond of the lot. Not that Zodaok intended to imply that the ropemakers individually 01 collectively were vagabonds. Zodack was a just man, and h9 knew that the ropers were a law-abiding, sober, honest community ; though once in six months every ma Bter made a point of " going on the spree but he combined business .with pleasure. Oooe in six months each roper went forth into tbe world jo sell bis goods. .. There were no middlemen connected with this cordageiftctory. Eak& masfeer was-hi& own commercial traveller/ and going upon $he road twice a year eaci .man made it a point of honor to enjojr! hiihtf, and h is be- peved/by many that to get drank once in a way ia a vary eujoyabl8,;if not indeed a very jiealthy aud wholesome thing. - But the ropemakers would not allow this belief to break/ down the discipline of the management. Therefore, Jessop Bly tbe had increased the disadvantages under which he w TOTJ ARE NO LONGER ONE OF ITS— WS CAST YOU OUT." labored as a recalcitrant by being more or less inebriate when, in the middle of tea-time, the men and masters assembled to main tain the vitality of their unwritten laws and regulations. There was a/great deal that was good in Jessop JBlythe. This may be said cf many a worse man. - Zodack Bradford declares that nobody is all -bad, . not even the; habitual /criminal ; .bat the good/is' so difficult to find that it is hardly worth looking for. He was very angry with Jessop /because he liked him and bad. seen him grow up. Being none too well off at any time, and living to a great extent on his mother and in her house, pssop bad adopted a son. He did not call him his Bon, bat he treated him with paternal consideration. This youngster was a Welsh lad. . His name was Lswis Tregarron. He had found his way from Cardigan, in Wales, with his widowed mother, firstly, to Cardiff, thenoe to Liverpool, in some small trading vessel, to drift eventually, heaven knows how, to Ghesterfield, where the mother had died m the workhouse. While the guardians, with a. proper regard to Die fair distribution of taxes for the poor,, were ttying to discover the parish to which the orphan was chargeable, Lewis Tregarron, with his high- aounding name, his empty pockets! mid his no less empty stomach, set off to eek some more home-like nest for him self thah that which presented so hard a front to the far-away hiUs of the Ghesterfield workhouse. Lewis Tregarron ran away from the work house, and one day, cold, huuerry, thin, Wierd as to bis sunken eyes and bony jaws, presented' himself before the ooinpany of ropers at the entranoe to God's fimtory. He was the raost weary, dark-eyed, strange- looking tittle chap they had ever seen; and - Jessop Blythe took compassion upon him and succored him. - Me was air intelligent lad, said he was eight years old, was born in Wales, had lived at Cardigan, had neither father nor mother, and was willing to work, but would rather die than go back to the Union, all of which pleaiBed the ropers, and won tbe admiration of Jessop Blythe, who said he'd be hanged 'If any Union workhouse in the world should compel the lad to swig- skilly or break stones so long as he lived. . So Tregarron was fed and mended by Jessop's mother, not without much grumb ling and protest, and was forth with taken on at the ropery. They love to nickname men and things in the Peak. They called Jesscp'B mother " Stingy Blythe," and for this they, no doubt, had warrant ; but they were not al ways justified in their niexuames, some of which were incongrnons as relating to the character nioknamed, and others, when they were not humorous, descended to cynicism. Because the waif Tregatron was thin and odd, and too tittle to be of any importance, they named bint fn a grand way " Tregarron the Welshman," and the oldest master of the ropers, for the reason that he was of a mile and gentle temper, and benevolent and generous to n fault, they called "Billy Nipper," " > CHAPTER II. —They SP>XE AS ONE ;MaN . Now. this Wiltiam Woodruffs, whom. Castleton called ' Billy Nipper," was the. mouthpiece of the community of God's factory ; and when Tregarron saw the men- gather together, the women and boys leave, the place, and Senior Master Woodruffs call upon Jessop Blythe to stand forward, he knew that his patron was going to have a bad time. So the lad hid himself behind one of the big drums, with its wreaths of twine, but presently sidled up to Jessop and tonohed his hand. Jessop looked down upon him and patted Ms head, as .he might have patted a favorite dog, and Tregarron tabbed his head against his knees. A strange, curious, picturesque-looking little chap this waif of a busy world. Great, dark eyes, long black hair, a thin, wistful face, long arms, thin legs, dressed in a whitey-brown smock-trock, with a bit of yellow ribbon round his neck for a handker chief; he looked like a Spanish gipsy or an Italian beggar lad, such as yon may see lying on the stopB oi St. Mark's in Venice, handeome in his shabby Attire, just the kind" .of mortal that an artist would select for 'EtodyJbut with the something dark &nd; un-, , canny in his aspect that oommon people, as a ride, woold Bhuttheir/fioors against. ; '/Now yo% Ttegarron, go; A«ray, said the senior master, as Beverely as bis gentte . _ . -manner and eofc "voioe would allow j " yo can come back th' minute half- hour's irp/' The senior master stood by one Of the great twine drams and the other masters were gathered round with the men,- an earnest looking lot of fetiows, seme of them lithe and strong, others eld and bent. Tregarron looked up wistfully at Jessop, who in response stroked the laa's head, but looked away from him. Am I to go ?" "Aye, lad, do as mesters tell yo ; they know what's best." Jessop spoke In a husky voice. There was something tender in his manner that seemed for a moment to tronble the senior master, who fidgetted with the twine that was wound round the great wheel. He was a white -haired man with a grey straggling beard and calm, restful eyes. He had seen his grandchildren grow up about him men and women, most of them finding occupation in;. the ropery orat the ajiefent lead mines, until cheap foreign lead had killed the English market, but some dis tant railway workB had latterly given em ploy ment to others, and the ropery and tire little towh of'Castleton, hard by the cave, was looking wistfully into a future when the locomotive- should steam into the place mid drive out the coaches and brakes and hired carriages - that still- give the village an old- world and cheery bustle of life. Tne lad went his way towards the month, of the great cavernous workshop, looking back now and then, aud at last, after stand- . in % tor a n omsnt like some fantastic figure of ion an ce ag nst the ky- window, disappeared as the senior master begtfu to address the comrade who was to be deposed ; but not before J sssop Blythe, leeine that Tregarron had gone, flung back his head defiantly and " paid, . i lads, what is it? Out wi' it! Doan't vo' think I'm drunk! Aohap isoA made a fay ther ivvery day, aoljust hada. sup to wet th' bargain. Why, good lord,; how black yo all look I And wbafs gotteu y0% - Billy Nipprr. Cheer up, Billy— — " ' " Jeeop Blythe," ssld the eraior maatarj, . breaking m upim/ Jessop's remarks, (we'bi gladjyore,a»b«»r." / a - "It's a lie, I'm drunk f fietocted withji tipsy laixgb. , " Drunk or sober/ eaid without change of tone pr mek no differaaoe to ; ' / pleasant jobwe'n gritra «0b «ihl,.driTs on, an,," Mtiftws, r-r ,- r ®»- 1 . oTerainent. -v ' \ - - '/" ISe iiielii&elpb; thjsir Niiin-; C tatives, thaw trlboiHS, to whose plabce of profit, to whose authority they would one fity 8acce,eaohjgOingforth terms a year to Bell their gpoda in tlie towns of BnXton, Darby, Nottingbamand Sheffield, and baring the tight en thoseoccaaiona to go on : the spree fora day or two just as Billy Nipper himself did -twice a year at Buxton, where he had sold his twine everrioee he had been a master, now over thirty years. \- « I will driveen, Je«sop Biythe, and it'll h a drive-as' yo're not likely to forget,'' ' Then stir your stumps, said Jessop, withjssnee, I doan't wan t to sCand here o!e dayVnd what's mora l winnat." " The six'rnasters .and the men here as sembled wlthsorrow have pome to the con- elusion that Iron're a hindrance to th work o\ th ropery, hud a disgrace to the community, and from this day forth, Jessop Biythe, we refuse to Whrk wi' yo', to eat wi' yd, or to consort wi yo' ; it's felt that it's time we made an example o' yo for; lhebenefit of th' rest, and formamtaiiimthmtegrity ©fthe Dsko's roprtrjr. "And we hereby and hereon, accordin to onr snwrtttaibat indexible laws, castyo oat from among as ; yo' are no longer master or, ffjan in this place, and no longer a comrade of any of us oat of it ; and that's all there is to say." ' 44 And so say we all !" shouted masters and men, speaking as with one voice. It was the first time within the memory of the oldest roper that any man had been cast oat ; but & precedent had been established by the second oldest roper, who remembered his grandfather telling of a case in his early days, and so deep an impression had the story made upon the second oldest roper that he had remembered some of the words of the formula of dismissal, more particularly that it Was hereby and hereon, and according to cur unwritten but inflexible law that from henccfoithwe neither work with you, eat with you, nor consort with you, and these words were therefore introduced into the master's brief and verdict. , Jessop Biythe puffed his frieze jacket about his shoulders, and stood upright facing his jjgzdges. Re was a shock-headed, tall young m&n;, loose of limb, with big hands, bine ©yes, a large mouth, with the flabby kind of lips thktloVe the battle ; but there was some- " thing interesting, not to say pathetic, in the appearance of the outcas -jroper as he wiped ' hie lionhis eleeve, and Stretched himBslf 10 his full length. 44 So/ he said, 44 that's what it's come to, mates ? Well, I dur say you're relght. Zodack Bradford warned me not long sin, as xny brothers ropers would shunt me." Then it seemed as if his loose- jointed limbs wou'd not bear him stiffly up any longer, and he shifted his position. " Zod&ck;'s a bit of a wit, asyo know, and S> should hev heard him empisise th' word ro there ; but there, I doan't want no . bad Mood ; I'ji long been tired o' this bole." 44 Stop, Jessop Biyi/' raid the master, wyo know what this place means to us ana our families, yo' know that we doan't blas pheme when we call it God's factory ; there- . lore, whatever yo've gotten to say well not have th' roof defamed that's sheltered us and ours, and our fathers before us, and been a continual answer to our prayer of Give us this day our daily bread/ " The ropers remained ftilpnf during ibis i dialogue. Seme of them were not ax enthu- jfastic about the rope-walk as their spokes? man j iudeed, seyeral mli have beea named who would bkve bceu glad to go oirt iato the wmM and .worit in houses;, and finished buildings, skd in tojrBS and cities ; but there was anaong thema certain feimt-of patriotic feelingior their untaxed workshop and their "unwritten sraiaiisliclaw. 'VNoofimioe.lBilly/' said Jesaop, with a smile, " I'd raytherparted wi' yo' all over a social glass, but I dur say yo're reight. I doant think I was ivver made for mouldering in a ropery, or rannm' into useless seed in a one-eyed village like Casrieton I've often longed to oe out and away oyer yonder bills 8818 always a hedging a chap in, and seemin' to brag that yo' conna get out ; and now I'll show 'em ; my wife and ma's niwer gotten on well, and I leave her i good hands wi' my mother and Zodscfc Bradford, and she'll hav the youngster as is born to-day to be a soart o comfort to her - so that's all reight and reglar ; and what isn't reight and reglar 3'U gut reight and reglar." x , (TO BE oontdstoed.) 