SPORTING. By. ' Acgube Ghost.' M.L. A. is to be given a spell on his ow ner's station. Waxworks is to be given a spell. Boss Tailor has gone lame, and lias de clined his Hay engagements. Beck has two additions to his team, Eyrie aud WalaregaDjr. He leaves for Hay tomor tow with the former. W. JV Braddou's team for H.ay will pro bably include Escapade, Burr, and St. Sierra. This team will make things very un settled when the races comes off. Mr T. Cough intends to take Early Morn to Hay, Ganmain's running in the Railway Han dicap the first day of the late races was too bad to be true, ana when the weights ap peared for the Flying Handicap, Mr Price trad roundly abased for not letting him down, but how did these croakers look when Gau main romped over his field in this event. The only thfug that puzzles me is that the Committee did not give those connected with him a chance to explain his reversal of form. : ' I believe that before the next annual races a witch tower will be erected at the en trance to the straight, so as to enable the stewards to detect the ' stiffs. ' Here is a chance for our local inventor to bring forth his flying machine. Nominations for the Whitton Amateur Turf. Club Handicap and FIving Handicap close at 8 p.m., 11th May. Nominations for Urana Tnrf Club Handi cap aud Flying Handicap to be in the hands of the secretary not Inter than 9 p.m.,' 13th May. ' ' Iwbnder bow tbe Jouah feels who. pre dicted tbe ^non-success . of the late race meeting. ? * May Bay has gone iato Jack Hoysted's stable at the racecourse.' At the settling on Thursday night, Mr W. J. Braddon promised to donate a bracelet ior the next annual meeting, aud Mr Gough also promised to donate something. J5 won the Saudowh Park Haudicap laat week from Chopstick. Psammetious wou the Welter Handicap at ilen tone Rices on May 1 . Mr T. Goiigh has nominated Karly Jdoru for the Royal H*ndicip and Birthday Hau dicap, to be run at the Birthday meeting of the V.R.C. Oleumarkie, sire of Glenloth is dead. The winners of- the principal prizes iu 'Andrew's' consultation oa the Naraadera Turf Club Handicap are :— Mr T. Thatcher, Criterion Hotel, Narandera, £70 ; Mr T.Cox, , Wag-g-a, £20; Mr J. Enright, Narandora I Hospital employee, £10. ' Mr J. W. Braddon has disposed of Token to a. Wag£a sportsman. Mr Price's handicaps for the local races were up to that gentleman's usual standard of excellence, and shows tuat the veteran neither fears or favors anyone. I understand that Mr James Price intends to put in an application to the A..J.C- for the position of handicapper. A little boy, about 10 years old, sti-uck the £150 to Is. double — Delaware aud Patro ues? — from one of the shop bettors iu Sy.luey. He took it home faster than a cab coul.l take him, and, preseutiug it to hit, parents, said — ''It is not a bail game, after all, backing horses. For the Hay Jockey Club Racss— Hurdle Race— Bonquet, Ikev, Darkness. Haudi. cap — Escapide or Envy. Town. Plate — Envy or Escapade. The final trophy match between Naran - dera and Mechanics C.C's. commenced om April 13, was continued on the Park Ova 011 Si in-day- N inn.iera had scored G5 in their first innings, to which the Mechanics rsplied with 119, and tbe first-named had 3 for 70 on April 20 in their second venture. Armstrong, who was not out, resumed battiug with Page 35, also not out, aud tbe score was taken to £8. Page added 13 to his score, beating Duffy by one ruu, being bowled by Hatt JEor a total of is. Arm strong, after putting together 5, fell a vic tim t» one from Jones, the store having just passed the century — 102 for 5. Cnmlink, after making 11. assisted to raise the total to III, and Feint was joined by Harvey at 1)9, but the latter beiug bowled by Hatt, the innings closed for 120. That left the Mechanics 67 to make ro win. Hatt came out best in the bowling, taking 5 for 49. Ma.ligau and Mulholland opened for the Mechanics final innings to the bowling of Higgias and Kaaea, the tastnamed batsman being run out by Higgins. One for 6. Madigan succumbed to one from Roach at 19, and Stewart was secured for 7, when eleven more bad been added. Duffy hit up one from Roach to long-on, where Feint secured io amid jubilation. Four for 36. Hatt joined Holt, but be was almost im mediately tuu out, each batsmaii evidently being flurried. As the light was then had, the stumps were drawn, Mechanics having 6 down for 41, and still requiring 26 runs to win, when the match is resumed. 