SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of "Lady Andley's Seoret," "The Fatal Three," "Tbe Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XVII. AT EVENSONG. The windows were darkened at Fendyke. The passing bell had tolled the years of tbe life that was done, sounding solemnly and slowly across the level fields, the deep narrow river, the mill streams and pine woods, the Boattered hamlets lying far apart on the great flat, where the sunsets linger late and long. All was over, and Allan had to put aside his own sorrow in order to comfort bis mother, who was heartbroken at the loss of a husband ehe had idolized, with a love eo quiet and unobstrusive, eo little given to sentimental utterances, that it might have been mistaken for indifference. She wandered about the darkened house like eome lost soul in the dim under-world, unable to think of anything, or to speak of anything but her loss. She looked to Allan for everything, asserted her authority in no detail. "Let all be as he wished," she said to her son. "Let as think only of pleasing bim. You know what he would like, Allan. You were with him eo much towards the last. He talked to you so freely. Think only ef him, and of his wishes." She could not divest herself of the idea that her husband was looking on at all that happened, that this or that arrangement might be displeasing to him. She was sure th r «t he would wish the sternsst simplicity as to the funeral. His own farm labourers were to carry him to his grave, and the burial was to be at dusk. He had himself prescribed those two conditions. He wished to be laid in his grave at the set of eun, when the' hireling's daily toil was over and the humblest of his neighbours could have leisure to follow him to bis last bed; and then he had quoted Parson Hawker's touching lines— Sunset should be the time, chey said, To close their brother's mrrow bed. 'Xis at that pleasant hour of day Tbe labourer treads hia ho neward way. His work is o'er, his toil is done; And therefore at the set of sun, To wait the wag<.s of the fiend, We lay our hireling in his bed. Those lines were written for the tillers of the earth; but George Carew's thoughts of himself were as humble aB if he had been the lowest of day labourers. Indeed, in those closing hours of life, when the record of a man'e existence is suddenly spread out before him like the scroll which the prophet laid before the king, there is much in that comprehensive survey to humiliate the proudest of God's servants, much which makes him who has laboured strenuously despair at the insufficiency of the result, the unprofitableness of bis labour. How, then, could such a man as George Carew fail Co peroeive his unworthiness?—a man who had let life go by him, who bad done nothing, save by a careless automatio beneficence, to help or better his fellow-men, to whom duty had been an empty word, and the Christian religion a lifeless formula. Tne Squire of Fendyke was laid to rest in the pale twilight of early March, the winter birds sounding their melancholy evensong as the coffin was lowered into the grave. The widow and her son stood side by side, with those humbler neighbours and dependants clustering round them. No one had been bidden to the funeral, no hour had been named, and the gentry of the district, whoEe houses lay somewhat wideapart, knew nothing of the arrangements till afterwards. There were no. empty carriages to testify to the decent grief whioh stays at home, while liveried servants offer the tribute of solemn faceB and black gloveB. Side by side Lady Emily and hereon walked through thecrounda of Fendyke to the churchyard adjoining. The wintry darkness had fallen gently on those humble graves when the iast " Amen" had been epoken, and mother and son turned Bio wly and sadly towards the desolate home. Allan stayed in his mother's sitting-room till after midnight, talking of their dead. Lady Emily found a sad pleasure in talking of the husband ahe had lost, in dwelling fondly upon hia virtueB, his calm and studious life, his non-interference with her household arrangements, hie perfect contentment with the things that satisfied her. " There never was a better husband, Allan," she said, with a tearful sigh, "and yet I know I was not his first love." "Not h<s first love. Alas! no, poor soul," muBed Allan, when be had bidden hie mother good night, and was seated alone in front of his father's bureau, alone in the dead middle of the night, steeped in the vivid light of the large reading-lamp, under its spreading silken shade, while all the rest of the room was in shadow. "Not his first love 1 Poor mother. It is happy for you that you know not how near that first love was to being the last and only love of your husband's life. Thank God yoa did not know." Often in those quiet days in the old Suffolk manor house, while his father was gradually fading out of life, Ailan had argued with himself as to whether it was or was not his duty to reveal Mrs. Wornook's identity with . the woman to whom George Carew had dedioated a lifetime of regret, and to give his father the option of summoning that sad ghost out of the past, of clasping once again the vanished hand, and hearing the voice tbat had so long been unheard. There would have been rapture, perhapB, to tbe dying man in one brief hour of reunion; but that hour oould not giveback youth, or youthful dreams. There would have been the irony of fate in a meeting on the brink ot the grave, and whatever touoh of feverish gladness there might have been for tne dying in that brief hour, its after oonsequences would have been full of evil for the mourning wife. Better, infinitely better, that she should never know the romance of her husband's youth, never be able to identify the woman he loved, or to inflict upon her own tender heart the self-torture of oomp&riaon; with such a woman as Mrs. Wornock. For Lady Emily, in her happy ignorance of all details, that early love was but a vague memory of a remote past, a memory too shadowy to be the cause of retrospective jealousy. She knew that her husband had loved and sorrowed, and she knew no mors. It must needs be piinful to her to identify hia lost love in the person of a lady whom her son valued as a friend, and to whom her BOn'e future wife was warmly attached. Allan had felt, therefore, that he was fully justified in leaving Mrs. Wornook's story unrevealed, even though by that silence he deprived the man who had loved her of the last tearful farewell, the final touoh of hands that had long been parted. Ha was full of sadness to-night as he turned the key in the loak and lifted the heavy lid of the bureau at which he had so often seen his father seated arranging letters and papers with neat, leisurely hands, and with that pensive placidity which characterized all the details of his life. That burf.au was the one repository for all papeia of a private nature, the one spot peculiarly associated with him whom they had laid in the grave at evensong. No one else had ever written on that desk, or possessed the keys of those quaintly inlaid drawers. And now the secrets of the dead were at the merov of the survivors, so far as he had left any trace of them among those neatly docketed papers, those packets of Isttersfolded and tied with red tape, or packed in large envelopes, sealed, and labelled. Allan touched those packets with reverent hands, glanced at their endorsement, and replaced them in the drawers of pigeon-holes as he had found them. He was looking for the manuscript of whioh his father had told him; the stcry of a "love which never found iio earthly close." Yes, it waa here, under his band; a thin octavo, bound in limp moroooo, a manuscript of eomethisg less than a hundred pages, in the hand he knew so well, the small, neat hand tbaii, to Allan's fancy, told of the leisurely life, the mind free from fever aud fret, the heart that beat in slow time, and had long outlived the quick alternations of passionate feeling. Alkn drew his ohair nearer the lamp, and began to read. CHAPTER XVIII. THE DEAD MAN TOUCH'D LIE I'EOJt THE PAST. " I wonder haw many lives there are like mine in this prosperous England of ours, eminently respectable, comfortable, and altogether protected from the worst hazards of fate, happy even according to the standard measure of happiness amnng the squirearchy of England—ana yet oold and colourless. I wonder bow many men there are in every generation who drift along the slow current of a Blustish river, and who oall that plaoid, monotonous movement living—up the rivor with the rising tide; down the river with the ebbing tide; up apd down, to and fro, between level banks that are always the same, with never a hill and nevera crag to break the monotony of the outlook. " We have a river within a stone's throw of my gates, whioh always seems to me the oatward and visible eien of my inward and spiritual life, a river that flows past farms and villages, and for any variety of curve or accident of -beauty might just as well be a canal—a useful river bearing the laden barges down to the sea, a river ou which a pleasureboat is as rare as a kingfisher on its banks. And «o much might be said of my life; a useful life within the everyday limits of English morality ; but a life that nobody will remember or regret, outside my own household, when I am gone. " This is no complaint that I am writing, to be read when I am in my grave by the son I hope to leave behind me. Far be suoh a thought from me the writer, and from him the reader. It is only a statement, a history of a youthful experience, whioh has influenced my mature years, chiefly because on tbat boyish romance I spent all the stock of passionate feeling with which nature had endowed me. It wag not muofa, perhaps, in the beginning. I was no Byronio hero. I was only an impulsive and somewhat sentimental youth, ready to fall in love with the lirst interesting girl I met, but not to find my Egeria among the audience of a music hall, or in a dancing garden. " Do not mistake me, Allan. I have loved your mother truly and even warmly, but never romantically. All that constitutes tbe poetry, the romance of love, the fond enthusiasm of the lover, vanished out of my life befare £ was three-and- twenty. All that came afterwards was plain prose. " It was in the second year of my University life, and towards the end of the long vacation, that I allowed myself to be persuaded to attend a seance to be given by Bome eocalied spiritualists in the neighbourhood of Russell-square. Mr. Home, the spiritualist, had beea frightening and astonishing people by certain unesplainable manifestations, and he had been lucky enough to number among his patrons and disciples 'such men as Bulwer Lytton, William and Robert Chambers, and others of almost equal distinction. To the common herd it seemed tbat there must be some value in manifestations which oould 'interest and even convinoe these superior intellects; so, with the prestige of Home's performances, and with an article in the Cornhill Magazine to aBsist them, the paopl6 near Russell-square were doing very good business. 'Twice, and sometimes three times a week, they gave a stance, and though they did not take money at the doors, or advertise their entertainment in the daily pipers, they had their regular subscribers among the faithful, and these subscribers could dinpsee of tickets of admission among the common herd. As two of the oommon herd, Geiald Standish and I got our tickets from Mrs. Ravenshaw, a literary lady of Gerald's acquaintance, who had written a spiritualistic novel, and waB a profound believer in all the spiritualistic phenomena. Her vivid description of tne dark seance and its wonders had aroused Gerald's curiosity, and he insisted that I, who had done better in mathematios than my light-hearted friend, should go with him and bring the severe laws of pure scienoe to bear upon the spirit world. "I was incurious and indifferent, but Gerald Standish was a genius, and my particular chum. I oould not, therefore, be so churlish as to refuse bo alight a concession. We dined together at the Horseshoe Restaurant, then in the bloom of novelty : and after a very temperate dinner we walked through the autumn dusk to the quiet street on the eastward Bide of Russell-square where the priest and priestess of the spirit-world had set up their temple. "The approach to the mysteries was sadly oommonplace, a shabby hall door, and airless passage that smelt of dinner, and for the temple itself a front parlour sparsely furnished with the most Philistine of furniture. When we entered the room was empty of humanity. An oil lamp on a chiffonier by the fireplaoe dimly lighted the all-pervading ehabbiness. The scanty moreen ourtains—lodging-house curtains of the poorest type—were drawn. The furniture consisted of a dozen or so of heavily made mahogany ohairs, with horsehair cushions, a large round table on a massive pedestal, supported on three clumsily carved claws, and a bookoase against tbe wall facing the windows, or I should s^y rather a piece of furniture whioh might be supposed to oontain books, as the contents were bidden by a brass lattioe-work lined with faded green silk. The gloom of the soene was inexpressible, and seemed aooentuated by a dismal street-cry whioh rose and fell ever and anon from the distance of Hunter or Coram street. " We are the first," Gerald whispered, afaot of whieh I did not require to be informed, and for which he ought to have apologized, seeing tbat he had deprived me bf my after-dinner coffee and dragged me off yawning, fall of alarm lest we should be late. "Gradually, and in dismal silence, diversified only by occasional whisperings, about a dozen people assembled in the dimness of the dreary room. Among them came Mrs. Raven- Ghaw and her jovial, businesslike husband, who seated themselves next Gerald and me, and oonfided their experiences of past eeanoeB. The lady was full of faith and 6nthusi<ism. The gentleman was beginning to have doubts. He bad heard things from unbelievers which had somewhat unsettled him. He had invested a good many half-guineas in this dismal form of entertainment, and had wasted a good deal of time in bringing his gifted wife all the way from Shooter's Hill, and eo far they had got no forwarder than on the first seance. They had eeen strange things. They had felt the ghastly touch of hands that seemed like dead hands, and which ordinary people would have run a mile to avoid. That heavy mahogany table had shuddered and thrilied under the touoh of meeting hands; had lifted itself up, like a rearing horee; had thmbbsd out messages purporting to come from the dead; Btrange sounds had been in the air; angelic sinking, as of sonls in Eiysiam ; and some among the audience had gone fiway after each eeanoe touched and satisfied, believing themselveB upon the threshold of other worlds, feeling their commonplace lives ehone upon by a light supernal, content henceforward to dwell upon this dull, oold earth, since they were now sure of a link between earth and heaven. _ "Mrs. Ravenshaw, as became an imaginative writer, was of this idealistic temperament, receptive, confiding ; but her huBband was a man of business, and wanted to see value for his money. He explained his views to me in a confidential voice while we waited. Yes, they had assuredly seen and heard strange things. They had seen bodies—living human bodies floating in the air—yes, floating in the frowsy atmosphere of this shabby parlour—atmosphere whioh it was base flattery to cali 'air.' They had seen this phenomenon; but, after all, how is the cause of humanity, or "the march of enlightenment, to be advantaged by tbe flotation of an exceptional subjeot here and there? If everybody could float, well and good. The gain would be immense, except for bootmakers and chiropodists, who must suffer for the general weal. But for msdiumistio persons, at the rate of one per million of the population, to be carried by viewless powers on the empty air was of the smallest praocioai use. An improvement in the construction of balloons would be infinitely more valuable. " We waited nearly an hour in all—we had arrived half an hour before the stated opening of the seance, and we waited five and twenty minutes more, and were yawning and fidgeting hopelessly, before the door opened, and a dismal-looking man, with a pallid faoe and long hair, oame into the room, followed by a Biovenly woman in black, with bare arinB, and a towzled,. highly artistic flaxen head. He bowed solemnly to the assembled company, looked from tbe company to the woman, and murmured in a sepulchral voice, "My wife," by viay of general introduction." "Theflaxen-headed lady seated herself at the large round table, and the dark-haired vampire-like man crept about the room invit ing his audience to take their places at the same myotic cable. Wo formed a circle, hand touching hand, the long-haired professor on one side of the table, the naxen wife on the other. Gerald and I were separated by the width of the table, and the enthutiastio novelist and her prastioal husband were also as far apart as circumstances would permit." " My nest neighbour on the right was a tall, burly man with a strong north of Ireland accent, a captain in the meroantiie marine, Mrs. Ravenshaw informed me. • The people who met in this dreary room had come by some knowledge of one another's social status and opinions, although conversation was sternly discouraged as offensive to the impalpable company we were there to cultivate. A gloomy silence, and a vaguely uncomfortable expectancy of something ghastly were the prevailing characteristics of the assembly. "Mrs. Ravenshaw had informed me that the geaman on my righ^was an unbeliever, and that he caurtad the spirits only with tile malicious desire of duog theui a bad turn. There had been the premonitory symptoms of a row on more than one occasion, and he had been the eole cause ot the adverse feeling which had shown itself ot rhoea times. "My left-hand neighbour was an elderly woman in black, who looked like a spinster, and who, instead of the bonnet of every-day life, wore a rusty Spanish mantilla, and a black velvet band across her high narrow forehead, oonfining braids of chestnut hair, whose artificial origin was patent to every eye. As the seance proareastd this lady frequently elied tears. Mrs. Ravenshaw, who was in her confidence, had whispared to me that she caine there to hold myBtio converse With an officer in the East India Company's service, to whom she had been betrothed thirty years before, and who had died in Bftogal, after marrying the daughter of a native money-lender and an English governess. It comforted his devoted sweetheart to hear from his own lips, as it were, that he had Jed a wretched existence with his half-casto wife, and had never ceased to repent his inconstancy to his dearest Amanda. Amanda was the name of the lady in the mantilla, Amanda Jones. It amuses me to recall these details, to dwell upon the opening of a sceue which I entered upon bo casually, and which was to exercise so lascinsr an influence upon my life. " rhe stance proceeded after the vulgar routine of such mysteries in England and in America. We sat in the frowzy darkness, and beard cash other's breathing as we listened to the mysterious rappings, now here, now there, now high, now low, a^ of some sportive dressmaker rapping her thimbled fiuger on table, or shutter, or oei ing, or wall. We heard strange messages thumped out or throbbed out by the excitable mahogany, which came more and more vehement, as if tho beating of our hearts, the swift current of blood in all our arteries w6re being gradually absorbed by that vitalized wood. The German woman translated tho rappings into Btrange sarapg of speech, which for some of the audienoe were full of meaning—private communications from friends Ion? dead, alluaione to the past, which were some tunes received in blank wonder, sometimes welcomed as proof irresistible of tbought-tranBierence between the dead and the living. The mighty dead, with names familiar to ub all, oondeEoended to hold communion with us. Spinosa, Bacon, Shelley, Sir John Franklin, Meimer—a strange mixture of personalities—but, alas! the feeble. negc of their communications wm a crushing evidence against the theory of a progressive existence beyond the grave. " * I ehould like to know how it's done,' said the sea-oaptain, suddenly, in an aggressive voice, which irreverenoe the professor and eome of the audienoe rebuked by an Indignant hush. "The whole business wearied tne. I was moved to melancholy rather than to laughter as I realized the depth of human credulity which waB indicated by the hushed expeotancy of the dozen or so of people sitting round a table in the dark in a shabby Bloomsbury lodging-house, and expecting communioations • from the world after death—the inexplicable shadow-land of which to think is to enter into the regions of all that is most setioua and solemn in human thought—through the interposition of a shabby charlatan who took money for tbe exhibition of his power. '' I sat in the darkness, weary and disgusted, utterly incurious, desiring nothing but the close of the manifestations and escape into the open air,. when suddenly, in a faint wan light, which came I knew not whence, I saw a face on the opposite side of the oirole of faces, a face which assuredly had not been among the aud ience before the lamp was darkened at the beginning of tbe eeanoe. Yet so far as my sense of hearing, whioh was particularly acute, could inform me, no door had opened, no footstep had crossed the floor since we had seated ourselves at the table, and had formed the circle, hand touching hand. " Itwas a faoe of a wan and mournful beauty, whioh at once changed my feelings from dullest apathy to keeneBt interest. The eyei were of a lovely blue, and were remarkable for that translucent brilliancy whioh u rarely seen afterohildhood ; the features were delioate to attenuation, and, in the faint light, the eheeks looked hollow and colourless, and even the lips were of a sickly pallor. The loveliness of those large ethereal eyes counterbalanced all want of life and oolonr in the rest of the face, which, had those eyes beenolosed, might have seemed tbe face of the dead. I looked at it, awe-Btrioken. Its presence had in one instant transformed the soene of vulgar imposture to a temple and * shrine. I watched and waited spellbound. " There was subdued whisperings round the table, and a general excitement and expectancy which indicated the beginning of a more enthralling performance than the vagabond rappings on table and wainscot, or even the flying touoh of smooth and oold bands. "For some minutes, for an interval that seemed muoh longer than it really was, nothing happened. " The faoe looked at ug—or, rather, looked beyond us; the pale lips were parted as in prayer or invocation; the long yellow hair streaming over the shoulders gleamed faintly in the dim, uncertain light, whioh came and went from some mysterious source. The door opening on tbe entranoe hall waa behind my side of the table, and I have little doabt that the curiously soft and searching light, whioh fluttered every now and then across the circle and lingered on the faoe opposite, was manipulated by eome one outside the door. " Presently there oame a shower of raps— here, there, everywhere, on oeiling, wainsoot, doors, above our heads, under oar feet—while a strain of organ musio, so softly played as to seem remote, crept into the room, and increased the confusion of onr senses, distracted past endurance by those meaningless rappings. "Suddenly a young woman at the end of the table gave a hysterical cry. "'She is rising, she is rising!' she said. 'Oh, to think of it, to think of it! To think how He rose—He whom they bad Slain—and vanished from the loving eyes of His disciples! She is like the angels who gather round His throne. Who oan doubt now ?' "'It's humbug, and we all know it's humbug, 1 grumbled theseadog on my right. * But it's oiever humbug, and it isn't easy to oatoh them napping.' "'Hush!' said the professor's wife, indignantly. ' Watch her and be ailent.' " We watched. I had not onoe taken my eyes from that pale epiritnal faoe, with the eyes that had a look of seeing things in an immeasurable diBtanoe—the things tbat are not of thiB earth. Suddenly the dreamy tranquility of the countenanoe changed to violent emotion. A vivid smile brightened the pale lips and sparkled in the luminous eyes, and fer the first time since I had looked upon them, those exquisite lips spoke. '"It is coming, it is coming!' she cried. * Take me, take me!' And then from speech to song seemed a natural transition, MBhe sang in a silver-sweet soprano— Angels ever bright and fair, Take, oh take me to your care. _" Ab that lovely melody floated with clear vibrations through tbe room, the slender, girlish form was wafted slowly upward with steady, gradual motion, until it hovered halfway between the oeiling and the floor, the long white robe flowing far below the feet, the golden hair falling below the waist. Nothing more like the conventional idea of an angelic presence could have offered itself to the excited imagination. The figure remained suspended, the arms lifted, and the semitransparent hands scattering flowers, while we gazed enthralled by the beauty and gracefulness of that strange vision, and for the moment the hardest of us, even the sea-dog at my sides was a believer. " Nothing eo beautiful oontd be false, dishonest, ignoble. No; whatever the rest of the eeanoe might be, this at least was no vulgar cheat. We were in the oresenoe of a mysterious being, exceptionally gifted — human, perhaps; but not as the oommon herd are human." " 1 was weak enough to think that. I had abandoned myself wholly to the glamonr of the scene, when the sea-dog started suddenly to his feet, as the girl gave a shrill ory of fear, hung for a moment or two over the table, head downward, and fell in a heap between two of the seated spectators, her head striking against the edge of the table, ber long hair streaming wide, and faint moanings, as ef aoute pain issuing from her pallid lips. " In an instant the scene waa all noise and oonfusion. The sea captain atruok a matoh, Mr. Ravenshaw produced an end of wax [candle, and everybody crowded round the girl talking and exolaiming unrestrainedly. "' There, now ; didn't I tell yoa so J All a cheat from beginning to end.' '"He ought to be prosecuted. 1 "'Nobody but fools wonld have ever belibved in such stuff.' '"Look here,' cried the sea captain, 'she was held up by a straight iron rod that passes through the floor and a crossbar, like a pantomime fairy. She was strapped to the crossbar, and the strap broke and let her go. She's the artfullest hussy I ever had anything to do with, for I'll be hanged if she hadn't almost taken me in with that faoe and voice of hers. "Waft me, angels," and looking just like an angel, and all the time thiB swindler was strapping her on to the iron bar.' "Tbe swindler defended himself angrily, in German English, getting more German as he grew more desperate. They were all olamonring round him. The flaxen-headed Fran had slipped away in tbe beginning of theekirmish. The golden-haired girl had fainted—a genuine faint, apparently, whatever ehe might be false—and her head was lying on Mrs. Raven- Bhaw's shoulder; that lady's womanly compassion for helpless girlhood being stronger even than her indignation at having been hoaxed. " * Give us back our money!' oried three or four voices out of the dimnesB. ' Give us baok our money for the whole aeries of stances !' " 'Hal f-guinea tickets. Dear enough if the thing had been genuine.' "' An impudent swindle.' " ' Will Bomebody run for the police?' said the eea captain. ' I'll stay and take care they don't give us the slip. Who'll go?' " There were half a dozen volunteers, who began to grope their way to the door. "'One's enough,' said the sea captain. 'Take care that fellow doeBn't make a bolt of it.' "The warning cztne too late. As he spoke, spirit lips blew out the candle which Mr. Ravenshaw was patiently holding above the group of fainting girl and kindly woman, like one of the living candlesticks in the 'Legend of Montrose.' and the room was dark. There was a sound of scuffling, a rush, the door opened and shut again, and a key turned in the lock with deoisive emphasis. " ' Done !' cried the sea captain, making his way to the ourtaincd window. "Itwss curtained and shuttered, and the opening of the shutters occupied some minutes, even for the seaman's practised hands. There were bolts—old-fashioned bolts witb mechanism designed to defy burglary, in the days when wealth and fashion inhabited Bloomsbury. Wax matches sputtered and emitted faint gleams and flashes of light here end there in the room. Two or. three people had found their way to the locked door, and were shaking and kicking it savagely without effeot. " At last the bolts gave way, the deft bands having found the trick of them. The seaman flung open the shutters, and the light of the street lamp streamed into the room. "The girl was still unoonsaious, lying aoross two chairs, her head ou the novelist's shoulder. "' Shamming, no doubt,' said the seaman. "'No, no; there is no acting here,' eaid the lady. ' Her face and hands are deadly cold. Ah, she is beginning to reoover. How she shudders, poor child !' "Along-drawn, Bhivering sob broke from the white lips, which I could see faintly in the unoertain light from the street lamp. The Baaman was talking to some one outside, asking him to send the first policeman be met, or to go the nearest police office and send eome one from there. "' What's the matter?' aBked the voioe outside. ' Anybody hurt ?' '"No; but I want to give some one in charge.' '" All right,'said the voice; and then we heard footsteps hurrying off. "' Whom are you going to give in charge ?' Asked Mr. Ravenshaw, in his calm, practical way. ' Not this shivering girl, surely. The Other birds are flown.' "'She may shiver,' retorted the seaman angrily. 'I shall be glad to see her shiver before the beak to-morrow. He'll talk to her. Shivering won't get over him. Of coarse, she's fainted. A woman oan always faint when she finds herself in a diEoalty. We 11 have her up for obtaining money upon false pretenoes, all the same.' • The united efforts of three or four of the party bad burst open the door, and everybody exoept the little group about the girl— myself among them—made for the street door, whish was unfastened. . " A oouple of policemen arrived a few minutes afterwards, and thereupon began • severe inspection of the bouse from cellar to garret. They found an old woman in the kitchen, who explained that the dining-room floors were let to the table-turning gentleman and his wife and the young lady who lived \- with them. They had occupied the rooms nearly three months, had paid eome rent, but were considerably in arrear. The landlord, who ocoupied the second floor,had gone into the oountry to see a sick daughter. Two men lodged in the attics—printers' readers—but they were seldom in before eleven. "In a word, the old woman, who was general drudge and oaretaker, was aloneinthe basement with a plethorio spaniel, too old and obese to bark, and a tabby oat. AU the rest of the house waB empty of human life. "The polioeman and the late believers in Herr Kaltarden'a oooult powers explored every corner ot t&e; rooms whioh the Germans and their aooomplioe had inhabited. The personal belongings of the three were of the slightest, the iLaltardens' sole possession being a large carpet bag of anoient and almost forgotten fashion, and a brush and a oomb. The room ooonpied by the girl was clean and tidy, and contained a respectable-looking wooden trunk. " All this I heard afterwards from Gerald, who took an active part in the investigation. For myself, while toe inquisitive explorers were tramping in and out of the rooms above and below I remained beside the two good people who were caring for the helpless sharer jn the foolish show—aooomplioe or victim, as the oaee might he. " I had found and relighted the lamp, and by its light Mrs. Ravenshaw and I examined the girl's forehead, whioh had been severely out in her fall. While we were gently drying the blood which stained her eyelids and cheeks she opened her eyes and looked at as with a bewildered expression. "'Oh, how my head aches,'she moaned. " ' Who was it hurt me like that ?' " You were hurt in your fall,' I answered. ' Your bead struck the edge of the table.' ' "' But bow oould I fall? How could they let me fall?' "'The strap round your waist broke, and you feli from the iron bar.' *' She looked at me in amazement—simulated as I thought—and it distressed me to think that fair young face should be capable of euoh a lying look. "' What strap? The spirits were holding me up—wafting me towards the sky.' '"Verylikely,'!answered, pioking up the broken strap and showing it to her. ' But the spirits oouldn't mannge it without a little mechanical aid. And the meohanioal aid was not as sound as it ought to have been.' "' The girl took the strap in her hands, and looked at it and felt it with an expression of oountenanoeso full of hopeless bewilderment that I began to doubt my previous conviction, to doubt even the evidenoe of my senses. Oould any youthful face be so trained to depict unreal emotion ? Oould so childlike a creature be such a consummate actress? '"Was this round my waiBt?' she asked, looking from me to the kind-hearted woman whoBe arms were still supporting her slender, undeveloped figure. "'Yes, this was round your waist, and by this yon were strapped to this iron bar here. You s&e;, the rod passes through the floor. The crossbar must have been fastened to it while you were singing. My poor child, pray do not try to sustain a falsehood. You are BO young that you are hardly responsible for what you have done. You were in these people's power, and they oould make you do what they liked. Fray be oandid with ns. We want to befriend you if we oan; do we not, Mrs. Ravenshaw ?' "' Yes, indeed we do, poor thing 1 .' answered the lady heartily. 'Only be truthful with us.' ' Indeed, I am telling the truth,' the girl protested tearfully. ' I did not know of that strap, or of the iron rod. They told me I was gifted—that I was in communion with my dear dead father, when I felt my soul uplifted—as I have felt it often and often, sitting sing|ng to myself, alone in my room. I have felt as if my spirit were soaring away and away, upward tit the world beyond the skies where my father and mother are. I have felt as if, while my body remained below, my Spirit were floatingupward and upward, away from earth and sorrow. I told the Fran how I used to feel, because I believed in her. She brought me into oommunion with my father. He used to rap out messages of love, and she taught me how to understand the spirit language. That was how I came to know her. .That was how I was willing to go with them and join in their seanoes.' "' I begin to understand,' said I. ' They told you that you were gifted, and that yon had a power of floating upward from the floor to the ceiling ?' "' Yes; it oaroe upon me unawares. They asked me to sing, and to let my spirit float towards heaven as I sang. I always used to .feel that of an evening in our Church. I used to feel my soul lifted upward when I sang the Magnificat. And one nigbt at a seance, soon after we came to London, I was singing, and I felt myself floating upward. It seemed as if some powerful hands were holding me up; and I felt round me in the half-darkness, and there was no one near. I was moving alone, without any visible help; and I felt that it was the passionate longing of my spirit to approach the spirit of my dead father whioh Whs lifting me up. And, ob, was it only that horrid strap and that iron rod V she exclaimed, bursting into tears. * How cruel—bow cruel to cheat me like that!' y "She had evidently no thought of the public who were cheated, or of her own position as a detected impostor, or the tool and aooomplioe of impostors. Her tears were for the hallucination so roughly dispelled. "The tramping in and out of rooms was over by thiB time. The majority of the audienoe were leaving the house, the seadog loud in his disgust and indignation till the last moment. " ' I should have liked to givo that young hussy in charge,' he said in a loud voioe as he passed the half-open door, evidently arguing with some milder-tempered viotim; ' but, as you say, she's little more than a child, and no Magistrate would punish her.' " I breathed more freely when I heard the street door bang behind this gentleman and the policeman. "'They'reall gone exoept ourselves,' said Gerald. 'The gifted German and his wife have shown us a olean pair of heels, and there's only an old charwoman in the basement. She tells me your young friend there came from the oountry—somewhere in Sussex—and always behaved herself very nicely. The old woman seems fond of her.' ''' Yes, she was always kind to me,' said the girl. ''' Was she ? Well, I hope she'll be kind to you now you're left high and dry,' said Gerald. "These people won't come back any more, I take it. They travel in light inarch ing order—a grubby old oarpet-bag, and i brush and oomb whioh would account for the lady's tangled head. They won't come back to fetoh those at the risk of being had up for obtaining money upon false pretenoes. And what's to become of you, I wonder?'—to the girl. ' Have you any money V '"No, Sir.' " 'Any friends in London?' "'No.' "' Any friends in the country—in the place you left?' "' Not now. No one would be kind to m6 now. There was a kind lady who wanted to apprentice me to her dressmaker when my father died, and I was left quite alone; but £ hated the idea of dressmaking, and one night there was a spiritualistic seanoe at the sohoolhouse, and I went, because I had heard of messages from the dead, and I thought if it were possible for the dead to speak to the living uiy father would not leave me without one word of oonsolation. We loved each other so dearly ; we were all the world to each other; and people said the dead bad spoken— had sent messages of love and comfort. So I went to the dark stance, and I asked them to aall. my father's gpirit; and there was a message rapped out, and I believed that it was / from him, and next day I met MadAme Kaltarden in the street, and I asked ber if the messages were really true, and she said they were, and she spoke very kindly to me and asked me if I would like to be a medium, and said she was sure I was gifted—I could be a clairvoyant if I liked—and it was a glorious life to be in oonstant communion with great spirits.' " 'And you thought you would like it better than dressmaking?' said Mrs. Ravenshaw sympathetically. " ' It was of my father I thought. He bad been dead such a short time. Sometimes could hardly believe that he was dead. When I sat alone in the firelight, I used to fancy he was in the roomjwith me; I ustd to speak to him, and beg him to answer me.' " And were there any raps then?' asked the praotioal Ravenshaw. " 'No, never when I was alone. The Kaltardens came back after CbrietmaB, and there was another seanoe, for the benefit of the InGrmary, and I went again; and madame told me my father WSB speaking to me. He rapped out a strange message about the organ. I was to bid good-by to the organ of whioh I was so fond; for I had a gift that was greater .than miuio; and I was to go with those who could cultivate that gift. \- So the next day. when Madame Kaltardea asked me to go away with them, and promised to develop mymediumistio power, I consented to go. I was to be like their adopted daughter. They were to clothe me and feed ine, bat they were to give me no money. A gift like mine oould not be paid for with'money. It I tried to make money by my power I Bhould lose it. I did not want mosey from tbem. I wanted to be brought into oommunion with the spirit world, wish my father whom I loved so dearly, and with my mother, who died when I was eight years old,'and with my little sister Lucy, who died soon after mother—the little sister I used to nurse. My only world was the world of the dead. And, oh, was it all trickery—all ? Those messages from father and mother—those baby kisses, so soft, BO quic}:, so light; the hand upon my forehead—the hand of the dead—touching: me and blessing me < Was it all false, all triokery ?' "She rocked herself to and fro sobbing, unconeolable at the thought of her vanished dream-world. "•I'm afraid so, my dear,' said Ravenshaw, kindly. I'm afraid it was all humbug. You have been duped yourself, while you have helped to dupe others. And now whatis to be done with her, that is the question ?' he asked, appealing to his wife and me. "' Yes, that's the question with a vengeance,'said Gerald. 'We can't leave her in this house, in the care of a deaf old woman, to bear the brunt of the landlord's anger when he comes home and finds the birds flown and bis arrears of rent the baddest of bad debts. Poor obild! we must get ber away somehow. Have yoa no friends in the country who would give you a home ?' he asked the gill. '"No.' she answered, fighting with ker sobs. ' People were very kind to me just at first after my father's death, and then I think they Rot tired of me. They Eaid I was helpless ; I ought to have been able to put my hand to something useful. The only thing I cared for was music. I used to sing in the choir; but it was only a village Church, and the choir were only paid a pound a quarter. I couldn't live upOD that; and I couldn't play the organ well enough to take my father's place. And then Mies Grimshawe, a rich old lady, offered to apprentice me to a dressmaker; but I hated the idea of that. Dressmakers' girls are so common; and my father was a gentleman, though he was poor. When I told Miss Grimshawe I was going away with the KaltardenB she was very angry. She said I should end badly. Everybody was angry. I I oan never go back to them; they would all turn from me.' " Mr. Ravenshaar looked suspicious. Mrs. Ravenshaw looked serions; and even I asked myself whether the girl's story, so plausible, so convincing to my awakened interest, might not, after all, be a tissue of romance, which sounded natural beoause it had been recited so often. "Gerald was the most businesslike among i". "' What is your name ?' he asked. "' Esperanza Campbell.' "'Esperanza? Why, that's a Spanish name!' "' My mother was a Spaniard.' "' So! And what is the name of the village where your father played the organ?' "' Besbery, near Pet worth.' "'Bssbery!' repeated Gerald, pencilling memoranda on his linen cuff. 'Do you remember the name of the vicar, or rector?'- "'There was only a curate-in-oharge—Mr. Harrison.' ' Very good,' said Gerald. 'Now, what we have to do is to get this poor young lady into some deoent lodging, where the landlady will take oare of her till we can help her to find some employment, or respectable situation, not mediumistio. £ suppose it would hardly be convenient to you to take her home with you, and keep hsr for a week or so, Mrs. Ravenshaw?" Gerald enquired, as an afterthought. "Mrs. Ravenshaw hastened to explain that, with children, nursery governess, and spinster aunt, every bed in the house at Shooter's Hill was occupied. ' We have not known what it is to have a spare bedroom for the last three years,'she said. "' Babies have accumulated rather rapidly,' eaid Ravenshaw. . Poor creature, how my oarelese, independent bachelorhood pitied him. ' And every second baby means another servant. If one oould only bring them np in a frame, like cucumbers !' • I think I know of a lodginghouse where Miss Campbell could find a temporary home, not far from here,' I said. ' Think vou know,' cried Gerald impatiently. \- 4 You can't think about knowing ; you know or don't know. Where is it?' " 'InGreat Orinond-street.' "' Capita)—olose by. I'll go and get a oab. Miss Campbell, just put your traps together, and—do your hair, and get on a gown,' looking at her Sowing robe and flowing hair with evident distaste, * while I'm gone.' He was out of the room in a moment. ' Are you sure the house iB perfectly respectable, Mr. Beresford?' enquired Mrs. Ravenshaw, who, as a fiction weaver, no doubt let her imagination run upon the horrors of the great city and the secret iniquities of lodging- housekeepers, from Hogarth's time downwards. I told her that I could trust my own sister to the houBe in Great Ormond-street, which was kept by my old nurse and my father's old butler, who had retired from servioe about five years before, and had invested their savings in the furnishing of a roomy and old- fashioned house for the accommodation of all that is most respeotable in the way of families and single gentlemen. ' I oan vonch for my old nurse Martha as one of the best and kindest of women, as well as one of the shrewdest,' I said. The girl heard this disoussion unmoved and uninterested by the trouble we were taking on her behalf. Her sobs bad subsided, but she was crying silently, weeping over the oruel end of a dream which had been more to her than all the waking world. She told me afterwards haw much and how real that dream had been to her. ' Mrs. Ravenshaw went to her room with her, and helped her to exchange the long white alb-like garment for a tidy black gown, on which the crape trimming had grown rusty with muoh wear. I can see her now as she oame back into the lamplight in that plain blaok gown, and with her yellow hair rolled into a massive coil at the back of her head, the graceful figure,so girlish, so willowy in its tall slendernese, the pale pale faoe, and darkblue eyes heavy with tears. "She carried a poor little black-straw hat in her hand, which she put on presently, before we went downstairs to the cab. Gerald and I carried the box. There was no one to object to its removal. The old woman iu the basement made no sign. One of the printers readerr. let himself in with a latchkey while we were lu-the hall, looked at us ouriously, and went upstairs without a word. " Mrs. Ravenshaw kissed Esperanza, and wished her a friendly good night, promising to do what she could to help her in the future; and then she and her husband hurried away to catch the last train to Shooter's Hill," 