The Passion Play. Thk programme of the, lecture to be delivered by Mr. Walter Bentley in the School of Arts on New Year's Eve on the subject of the Ober- Ammergan Passion Play has been issued, and is now before us. It is divided into three pasits for the con. 'enienc of the audience. P?rt I; will consist of introductory remarks by Mr. Bentley, and she pictures will be the village of Ober.Ammoergau, Ludwig's Calvary, the stagep on which the.play is perteomed, and portraite of the principal characters acd the chorus; and then Adams's behatifa3 and appropriate song "The Star of iBetlaehem" willbe sung PartII. willbetheallhgreicl tableau from the Old Testamnent,andt Mr.'T. Windle wilI,in connection therewith;.render Gounod's well-known song, "l'Naac?tk" Part III. will describe by picture and by song Christ's entry into Jerusalem, and:theo story bf the Croasonwards tio Christ's asece sion. During the exhibition of the (?rie fixion, Mrs. Reeve will sing Rodney's pathetic song "Calvary," and, aften the ascension, ldamne'e" The Holy City." Mr. Bentley wilresite stirring selections from the play as performed at Ober-Ammergesa during the- exhibition, and the Churslh choir will sing a selection of appro. priate hymns. The Evening Post,. de scribing this part of the lecture, says' " The , scene of the Crucifixion was particularly impressive, quite a thrill going through the audienae as the lightning played around the three figures upon CaNary when the lbcturer described in solemn tones the convulsion of nature whielhoc. curred when Christ gave up the ghost" Bishop Cowie, the Anglican Primate?of New, Zealand, in a letter to Mr. Bentley, says, "I thought it admirable,and of intense interest, likely to do much good in heli.og people,old'and young,sto realise the leading events of the Siviout?e rs of minisky.on tart -and 'to imprew them on their memories,' copncluding with a hope that he would have large gatherings of spectators wherever he went. Mr. Bentley has- also received similar letters from, and his lectures Tave been presided over by, heads of Roman Catholicj. Anglican and other denominations. In. nearly all caes the buildingp were quite ineapable ofholding the vast numbers who flocked taossee the wonderhl ehlbition. As intimated in our last iene, the services of Mr. W. "i M'Culldb and his. fine lantern have been secures to show theefamous pictunes. The prices of stmission have been ABrol at 2sand ls., while chair may he reserveal. if desired, at Mr W. Tatham's for one shillag exrea. 