THE STORY OF AN AWFUL CRIME. GRIMLY MEDIEVAL. A shocking occurrence, recalling the barbarities practised in the Middle Ages upon prisoners charged with witchcraft, has taken place at Baltyvadhen, a village situate on the slopes of Slievonamau, in I t he county Tipperary. It would bo in* credible, if the account were not sub* stuntiatod by tho sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men and a woman arc charged with causing tho d-jath of a woman .27,, yours of ago, named Bridget Cirnry, wife of a cooper, by forcing her, as she wos sulferin'g from nervous excite* mont- and mild bronchitis, to drink potions prepared for her by a dierbalist, and then seizing and roasting her under the supposition that sho was a witch. Her husband called on her to say, in the namo of God,, that she was not his wife, Sho was held over a fire to make her say this. These proceedings were repeated cn the following night, when, the husband knocked her down, stripped off all her clothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set her on fire with a burning stick from the hearth. While she was burning to death there were present six of the male prisoners and two women, all relatives of the deceased. Some of them demonstrated with tho husband, but did nothing more. He told them that it was not his wife ho was burning but a witch, and that she would disappear up the chimney. During the process of the protracted and terrible tortures described by a witness as'having b e.i inllict'd on the unfortunate woman, some of the party repented the words, 1 Come home, Bridget Boland ’ (tho maiden name of tho victim}, iu the belief, up. parenlly, that tiny were doing what was nrcessary to bring back tho real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the ‘good people,’ the fairies, and that it was a superstitious counterfeit they were cruelly killing, Tho savage orgies wero formed in the house of the woajanb father. Tho dead body of the victim, with the stomach butnb through, was found buried in a ditch after a week. The , followi^g^,ts.lkl;6n : evi dence at the investigation at Olontnol :—/ / ' \ William n'Ujaf^keJr, 1 ' dialed that on thcfcigiit of the Tragedy-bp went to the houseNsf /Pal'wck Boland/nnd on the way met MrVßpm^c^ambht^r"daughter Kate. They went together to tho house, and on retching it hoard shouts, ap parently in men’s voices, of ‘Take it, you old or I’ll kill you.* Ho could not see in through tho window, but tho door opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. Colonel Evanson : Was there anything that led'to tho door being opened ? Tho witness :They were obliged to open tho door, ns I thought, to put out the fairies Continuing his evidence, ho said that ho and the two women we it in, and they Tn at d'shouts of ‘ Away she go ; away she go.’ Ho then saw a number of men hold ing Mis Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Pa'rick 'Kennedy, James Kennedy and Wra. Kennedy. Mrs Cleary’s husband was standing by the bed, Inldinga saucepan in his hand, and ho asked Mrs Cleary, * Are you Bridget Boland wife of Michaoi Cleary, in the name of the Father, Son, and lloiy Ghost?’ She said, in reply, Yom, I am.’ Tin; question was inputted several limes. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wifn some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. There wore h°rbs in the saucepan. 01-nry was fore* ing tho herbs into his wife’s meuTi.aiul sho resisted. Water, too, was thrown over her. Put Boland ask- and her, ‘Are you the dauglrcr of Pat Boland ? Answer, 5a tho r-aoio 'of tho Father, the Son, and tho Holy GhOst.’ She did not answer, and the question was re peated more than once. Questioned as lo what those people wore all in tho house together for, witness said ho believed ‘they were'driving out tho witch,’ and tho door was open for the purpose. When sho would not answer tin; some** one, ho believed John Dunn, said ‘Make down a good fire, and wo’ll make her answer.’ There was a fire burning at this time in tho kitchen. Slits was then carried in front of the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, William Kennedy and her husband, and was again asked th'* same questions. Wbueas -did not re memb'r her making an answer. Tho men who were holding her ih n laid her over the fire, Cleary hold mg the saucepan all the fim°.. The body was bent, nod forced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other persons in the room made no sigh of disapproval. In reply to her father* who a kc.l her, ‘ Arp you the daughter of Pn'ri-k Boland, wife of Miclui'T Chary 1 Answ r me ie tho name of God,’ ' I aui, dad-i.’ They were then satisfied they had their own. What do you mem by that?— That they had-Mrs Oleary, ami not a witch. Then what had they got I ofoie 1 —They believed they had a witch. They shook her when she, was in bed, saying, ‘ Away I ( with you. Ootrc home, Bridget Boland, I I in the name, of God.’ The same men took i her off tho fire whon-she had answered satisfactorily. She was then put to bed, i and they asked her quest ions, and she recognised all in the room. Sonv; of those in tho room tried to console her. At 6 o’clock in the imrniog Oleary went for the priest. The, Rev 0, F. Ryan was next ex amined, and stated that he attended the deceased woman previous lo her death, and gave her the last rites of the Church, On the Saturday following her death bo saw Oleary in the chinch in Drangnn. He was behaving like a madman, tearing his hair, and appeared to he suffering from remorse. He asked wit hois if he thought he would ever bo forgiven. Dunn, who was along with Oleary, told witness that they had burmd her to death and buried her, and'that he had been asking Cleary all the morning to give her Christian burial, Had ho known there was any such thing as witchcraft or foul play ho would have refused jb say masg in the house. Ho had communicated with the police, and told thorn, to have their eye on Oleary. < ~ On Tuesday Mrs Simpson, the wife of tho witness William Simpsoq,, generally 'confirmed his story. When.the woman was parried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow ‘fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness beard it said by romo that ‘All tho questions should be answered before midnight,’ which she understood to, mean that the witch could not bo driven away later than midnight. She saw nothing in reference ’ to a hot poker, but there was a mark as of a burn on the..forehead of , the deceased. Sho knew’ wero the -‘ fairy ring ■ was ot Kyienagranagh, .Fort, but was never there. She heard Cleary tell her lips band on the Sunday following the niur.der that hia wife was at Kyienagranagh, that they would go for her, that she would bo on a, grey hpfae, and That they would have to cut the'odrds that bound hor on ! ttie Horse! wfoothOr 'lhejwent.;./ ,-]'.[■•' i ■ i -JiFatihor the; put rage in the strongest' I CidlVeOn Chapel, and culled upon llmso of his hearers who knew anything rf the affair to communi cate with the authorities, [Wo have since learned hy cable that tho husband has been sentenced to 20 years imprison ment and nine others of the people implicated to terms of from 6 months to (i' 6 year?.] 