CHAPTER IV. "is THE ALL-GOLDEN AFTERNOON.n The hall dour stood wide open to the sun light, sufficiently guarded by that splendid brute, the St. Bernard. A middle-aged footman in the sober Wor nock livery came at the sound ot the bell, the St. Bornard watohing the visitor with grave bub friendly eyes, and evidently perfeotly aware of his respectability. Mrs. Wornock was at home. .The servant led the way to a corridor which opened'out ot the hall, and at the end of thiB corridor, like Vandyke's famous portrait of Charles the First at Warwick Castle, tlie full-length por trait of a young man in a hunting'ooat looked Allan Oarew in the face. In spite of all he had been told about his likeness to the owner of Disoombe, the sight of that frank young face looking at him under the bright white light fairly Btartled him. For the moment it seemed to him aB if he hod Been his own reflection in a cheval-glass; but as he drewnearer tothecanvas thelikeneBSlessened, the differenoe in the features oame out, and he eaw that theresomblanoewas Ibsb alikenees than a reminiscence. Distance was needed to make the illusion, and he could understand now why hie new friends of the hunting-Held should have taken him for Wornock on that first morning when he rode up to them as a stronger. ' The portrait was by Millais, painted with as muoh brio and vigour as the better-known picture of the young ftlarohioness of Huntley. Mr. Wornock was standing in an old stone doorway, leaning in an easy attitude against the deep arch of the door, hunting-crop, cigar case, and hat on a table in the background, standing where he bad stood on many a winter morning, waiting for his horse. There was a skylight over this end of the corridor, and the portrait of the master of the house shone out brilliantly under the clear top-light. The footman stopped within a few pao'esof the portrait, opened alow, old- fashioned door, and ushered Mr. Carew into a spacious room, at tne further end of which a lady was sitting by an open window, beyond which he saw the long vista of an Italian garden, a cypress avenue, whore statues were gleaming here and there iu the sunshine. There was a grand piano on one side cf the room, an organ on thn other; books filled every recess. This spacious apartment was evidently musio-room and library rather than drawing-room, and here, amidst books amd music, lived the lonely lady of the house. She came to meet liim with a friendly smile as he advanced into the room, holding out her hand. "'It is very good of you to come so soon," she said, iu her low musical voice. " I wanted so much to see you—know you. Yes, you are very like him. One of those aooidental like nesses which are so cimmon. and yet Beem so strange. My husband had a friend, who was murdered because hewaH like Sir Hubert Peel; but my eon is not a public man, aud he has no enemies. You will run no risks on acoountof your likeuess to hiin." " I am grateful fur the likeness whio'n has given me the honour of knowing Mrs. Wor nook,"aaid Allan, taking the Beat to wiiioh she motioned him, ae she resumed her low chair by the window. " Indeed, you have 110 reaeon. I am a very stupid person. I go nowhere; I see very fow people; and the people I do see are people whom you would think unworthy of your interest." "Notif you are interested in them. They cannot be unworthy." " Oh, I am easily interested I I like strange people. I like to believe strange things. Your friend, Mrs. Mornington, will tell you that I am a foolish person." "You havo seen Mrs. Mornington lately?" questioned Allan. "Yes; she was hero yesterday afternoon. She is always bright and amusing, and I always feel particularly stupid in her society. She talked of you, but I did not tell her I wanted to make your acquaintance. She would have offered to make a luncheon party for me to meet you, or something dreadful of that kind." " You have a great dislike to suciety, Mrs. Wornook?" he asked, keenly interested. Her manner was so fresh and simple, almoet childlike in its confiding candour, and her appearance was no less interesting than her manner. It is the fashion of our day. for women of five-aad-forty to look young, even to girlishness; but most women of five and forty are considerably indebted to modern art for that advantage. Here there was no art. The pale, clear fairness of the complexion owed nothing to the perfumor's palette. No poudrc dcs fat hlanchod the delioate brow ; no rnse. d'araoar flushed the cheek; no eau dc Mctlec brightened the large violet eyes. The lines which thought and sorrow had drawn upon the rair brow wore undisguised, and in the soft, pale gold of the hair there were threads of silver. The youtbfulness of the face was in its oolonring and expression— the oomplexion so delicately fair, the coun tonanceof a woman to whom the conventionali ties and iargou of modern life were utterly unknown. " You saw my sou's portrait in the corridor?" said Mrs. Wornook. " Yes, It struck my untutored eye as a very fine picture—almost ae powerful as the Gladstone and the' Salisbury, which I remember in the Millais collection at the Grosvenor." " But as for the likeness to yourself now— did that strike you as forcibly as it has struck other people?" " I oonfess that as stood in the hall I was inclined to exclaim, ' That is I or my brother.' But ae I cams nearer the pioture 1 saw there was a considerable diversity. To begin with, your son is much handsomer than I." "The drawing of his features may be more oorrect, but you are quite handsome enough," she answered with her pretty friendly air, ae if she had been his aunt. " And your face is more strongly marked than bis, just as your voice Js stronger and deeper," she Added with a sigh. - ■ f-- ;V:-\ <*$."; > " Y<mr son is ifbtan invalid, I hope?" ■ "An invalid! No. But,he ia not very strong. He,could hot play football. He bated evenorioket. He is passionately fond of horses, and an ardent eporteman ; but he can be sadly idlp.. He likes to lie about in the sunshine, reading or dreaming. I fear be ie a dreamer, like bis mother." . . " He it not like you in person." " ' "No." " Ho is like hie father, no doubt." " You will eee hie father'e picture, and you can Judge for yourtelf. ' Well, we are to be frienda, are we not, Mr. Carew? And you will come to see me sometimes; and if yon ever, have any little. troubles which oau be lightened by a woman's sympathy you will oome and confide them to me, I hope." "It will be very sweet to be allowed to eon fide in eo kind a friend," said Allan, " My son will be home for his long leave before the end of the year, and I want you to make him your friend. He is very amiable," again with a suppressed sigh. " Oome, now it is' your turn to cell me something abont yourself. This room telle you all tbeie is about me." " It tells me you are very fond of musio." " I live for it. Music has been my com panion and consoler all mv life." " And I hope you will let me hear you play again some day. "Again? Ah, I forgot! You were in the ohurohyard last Sunday while I was playing. Hid you listen?" "As long as you played. I was under the open window mo9tof the time." " Yon are fond of organ musio ?" "Asfondasanignorantmanmay be. I know nothing _oP the subtleties of music.- I have neverbeeneduoated up to Wagner or Dvoraob. I love the familiar voices—Mozart, Beethoven, Verdi, Qodnod, Aubereven, and I adore our English master of melody, Sullivan. Does that shock you ?" "Not at all. I will play his cantata for you someday. If you have nothing better to do with your time this afternoon I should like to show you my garden." " I shall ba enchanted. I am enoh&nted; already with that long straight walk, those walls of cypress aDd yew, that peaoock sun ning his emerald and sapphire yonder by the dial. In such a garden did 'Beatrice hide when Hero and her ladies talked of Bene dick's passion ; in suoh a garden did Jessica and Lorenzo loiter under the moonlight." " I see yon love your Shakspeare." " Ae interpreted by Irving and Ellen Terry. The Lyceum was the sohool in whioh I learnt to love the bard. At Eton, examination in Richard the Second only prejudiced me against him." " Mr. Worncock was a great Shakes pearian." JLtiey were in tne garden by tuis lime sauntering with Blow footsteps along the level etretoh of turf on one side of the broad gravel walk. At the end of the cyrees avenue there was a semicircular recess, shut in by a raised bank, and a wall of clipped yew, in whioh at regular intervale there were statues in dark green niches. *' Mr. Wornock brought the Btatuea from Homo when he was a young man. The gardens were laid out by his grandfather nearly a century ago,"explained Mrs. Wornock. Allan noticed that she spoke of her husband generally as " Mr. tVornock." "That amphitheatre reminds me a little of the Boboli gardens," Baid Allan ; " but there is a ]>eaoefulnoss about this solitude which no State garden can have." Three peaoocks were spreading their rain bow plumage on the long lawns between the house and the amphitheatre, and oue less gorgeous but more ethereal, a bird of dazzling whitenosB, was perched on an angle of the cypress wall. The lady and her companion strolled to the end of the lawn, and crossed the amphitheatre to a stone temple, open on the side fronting the south-western euu, and spacious enough to accommodate a dozen people. " If you had a garden play how delightfully this temple would serve for a coutral point in your stage," said Allan admiringly. " People have asked ine to lend them the gardens for a play—'Twelfth Night'or ' Much Ado about Nothing but I have always eaid no. I should hate to see a crowd in this dear old garden." " Yet there are people who would think euoh a place as this oreated on purpose for garden parties, and who would desire nothing better than a crowd of smart people." Mrs. Wornock shuddered at the mention of smart people. " A party of that kind would be misery for me," she said; and " now tell me about yourself and your relations. Mrs. Morning ton told me that your father and mother are both living, and that you inherited Beeoh hurst from your uncle. I remember seeing Admiral Dsrnleigh years and years ago, when everything at Disoombe and at Matchain was new to me. It must be sad for your mother to lose you from her own home." " My mother is not given to sadness," Allan answered smiling. "She is the best and kindest of mothers, and 1 know she laveB me as dearly as any son need desire ; but she is quite resigned to my having my own home and my own interests. She would argue, perhaps, that were I to marry I must have a house of my own, and that my establish ment at Beechhuist is only a little prema ture." " You are very much attached to your mother." " Very much—aud to my father." " Your tone as you eay those words tells me that your father is the dearer of the two." "You have a quiok ear for shades of mean ing, Mrs. Wornock." . " Pray do not think me impertinent. I am not questioning you out of idle curiosity. If we are to be friends in the future, I must know and understand something of your life aud your mind. But perhaps I bare you— perhaps you think me both ecoentrio and im Dsrtinent." "My dear Mrs. Wornack, I am deeply touobed that you eboald offer to be my friend. Be assurod I have no reserve; and am willing —possibly too willing—to talk of myself and my own people. I have no dark oorners iu my life. My history is alio pen country—an unin teresting landscape enough.' But there is no dillloult going—there aro.no bogs or risky bits over which the enquiring spirit need skim lightly. Your oar did not deceive you just now. Fondly as 1 love uiv mother, I will freely confess that the bond that draws me to my father is the stronger bond. In tho parrot jargon of the day, his iB the more interesting ' personality.' lie is a man of powerful intel lect, whose mind has done nothing for the good of the world—who will die unhonoured and unrememhsred save in the narrow circle of his personal friends. This is one question I have'asked myself about him ever since I wasoldenough to think, aqueBtion which I first asked myself when I began to read classics with him in my school vacations, and which I had not finished asking myself when his untir ing help had enabled me to take a first-olaes in the Honour Sohool. To me it has always been myetery that a man of wide attainments and financial independenoe sbould hnveheen utterlydestitute of nmbitiop.. Mrvfather,w»e a; Sptmg^man .when he married;heiB .still■ in,Mw prime ol lite; Mid for in-jiiiirjtifMiljr. yens In hat been oontent tn wwif»U in Suffolk, andfaas regarded hieannualvisitto London asjmore ol an Ipfliobionthana relief. I,haveto)d myself .again and again that,my father'* life.must hare been ehadowedby spma great Sorrow before hie marriage, young as: be war when he married." Mra. Wqrnook . liabened intently, bet bead slightly bent, herolaiped bands resting,on,ber knee, her sensitive lips slightly parted. •" You say your father married young,", she said after a brief silenoe, in whioh ehe teemed to be thinking over bis words, "Whatdo you call youugm euoh a oase?" My father was not three-and-twenty when he married—two years youngey than Iiam at this present hour—and yet the idea of matri mony has never shaped itself in my, mind. Bnt you must not infer from anything I have said that my father's has been an .unhappy marriage. On the contrary, he Je devoted to my mother, and ehe to him. I cannot imagine a better-assorted couple. Each supplies the qualities wanting in the other. .She is all movement, impulse, and spontaneousness. He iecalm and meditative, with depthaof thought and feeling which no qne has sounded. They are perfectly happy as husband and wife. But there is a shade of melancholy that steals oyev my father in quiet, unoooupied hours, whioh , indioates a sorrow or disappointmsat in the past. I have taken it to mean'an unhappy love affair. I may be utterly Wrqng, nod the shadow may be oast ,by a. disappointed ambi tion. It-is not unlikely that a man of power-, ful intelleot and lymphatic temperament should feel that he had wasted opportuniliea aodfailed in life. . ft ia quite easy to. imagine ' the ambition without the energy ,to achieve." She made no comment upon this, but Allan' could see- iu her eager countenance that ehe' was intensely interested. " Is your mother beautiful V' she asked timidly.. It seemed a foolish and futile question; and it jarred upon that serious thought of hie parents which had been inspired by her pre vious questioning. But, after all, it was a natural question for a woman to ask, and he smiled as be answered— "No, my mother is not beautiful. I am not guilty of treason as a son if I aonfess that she is plain, since she herself would be the first to take offenoe at any sophistication of the truth. She has never set np for being any other than she is. She has a fine eountenanoe and a fine fignre, straight as a daft, with a waist which a girl might acknowledge without a blush. She dresses with admirable taste, and alwaya looks well, after her own fashion, exclusive of beautiful features or brilliant colouring. She is what women call Stylish, and men distinguished. I am as proud as I am fond of her. Will Bho come to Eee you in your new home ?" _" Most assuredly my mother will pay me a visit before the summer is over, and I shall be charmed to bring you and her together." " And your father? Will not he come?" " I don't know. He is very difficult to move. He is like the lichen on the old stone walls at home. He takes no particular in terest in chairs and tables ; he would not oare a fig for my new surroundings Besides, he saw BeooUburst years ago, as a visitor to hie wife's brother. He has no curiosity to bring him here; and, as for his sod, he knows he has only to want me for me to. be at bis Bide." \ After this there came a silence. Certainly Mrs. Wornockwas not gifted as acohversation alist. She sat looking straight before her at ths long perspective of lawn and oypreBB, broad gravel walk, and narrow grass plots all verging to a point at whioh the old bouse rose square and grey, crowned with cupola, and bell. The peaoooke strutted slowly'along the na-row lawn. The waters of a fountain flashed in the warm sunlight. It was a garden that recalled Tivoli, or that old grave garden of the V ttiaao, with its long level walks and prim fl iwer beds, in whioh the Holy Father takes his restnoted airing. In the Vatican pleasure grounds there are peaoocks and clipped hedges, and smooth greensward, and formal ovmess avenues, and quaint arbours ; but the hum of Rome, the echoes of the Papal Barrack, the rush of the Tiber arn neat, and not even in that antique garden can there be this Bummer silence, silenoe as profound as in the enohanted isle where it seemed Sways afternoon. "Tell me mors about yourself, your oliild hood, your voutb," Mrs. Wornook asked sufdsuly, with an air of agitated impatience which took Allan by surprise. Mrs. MorniDgton bad prepared him for a oertain eccentricity in the lonely lady of Dis oombe, but the strangeness of her manner was even more than he had expected. " There is vary little to tell about my own life," he said. " I have lived at home for the most part except when I was at Eton and Cam bridge, My father helned me in till my atudies. I never bod any other tutor exeent at the University, My home life was of the quietest. Fendyke is twenty miles from Cam bridge, but it seems at the end of the world. The single line of rail that leftds to it cornea to a full stop. The terminus stands in the midst of a Dutch landscape — level fields divided bv shallow dvkes, a river so straight that it might as well lie aoanal, water mills, pollarded willows, xtraight oloan roads, and fine old Norman Oliurohes large enough for a city, no Sunday trains, and not many on lawful days. A neat little town, with decent shops, and comfortable inns, and a market which only awakens from a Pnmpeian slumber for an hour or two on Fridays. A land of rest and plenty, picturesque cottagea and trim oottage gardens, an air of prosperity which I believe is real. So much for our town and surroundings. For the family mansion picture to voureelf a long low house, built partly of brink and parliy of wood, with chimney stacks that contain brick enough for the building of respectable houses, and whioh have defied the galea sweeping down from the Ural mountains-there is nothing, mark you, between Fendyke and the Urals—ever since (j'innn Elizabeth was young enough to pace a pavsn." " You must be fond of an old hofl«e like that =' ■ "Yes, I am very fond of Fsndyke. I even love the surrounding country, though I can but wish- Nature had not ironod the landscape with her mammoth iron. She Plight have left ua a few creases, a wrinkled meadow here and there " " I have heard that people born in Norfolk and Suffolk have an innate antipathy to hills. " That may be. Indeed, I have notioed in the Fast Anelians a kind of stubborn pride in the flatness of their soil. But I have not that perverted piide in uglinesBj since 1 was not horn in Suffolk," *• Indeed 1" " No. My father Jived in Sussex—at Hay ward's Heath—at the time of his marriage, and for half a doaen years after my birth. Fendyke oame to him from his maternal grand father, who left the estate to his daughter and heiress, and to her eon after her, who was to Assume the'hame and arms of Oarow when tie ~ kuooeededto the property. My father's name WasBereBford." "" - - — •' • ■ ' Therewai nO reply—no farther questioning on Mrs.WprnoOk'e part—end for aome vftinntet ' Allan abandoned himself to the. dttamysilenoe of' the aoeue, 'content to watoh the peooooks on the lawn and to listen to the iplash of the fountains. Then suddenly the eilenoe surprised hira, hud hie turned to look at his ooinpanion. Her head had'fallen baok against the wail of the summer-house, her eyes were closed, and her faoe was as white as death. She was in a dead faint;'and they were at least a quarter of a mile from the house. The situation was awkward for Allan, though there was nothing in so simple a matter as a fainting fit to surprise him. He knew that there are women who faint at the smallest provocation, in a crowded room, in the sunshine, at Ohurob, anywhere. Here the sunshine was, "perhaps,- to blame; that delioious pure sunlight in whiob be had been bsBking. -HO 'gave a long Australian oooee, long enough and loud enough to have brought help in the wilderness, and assuredly calculated to fcttraot some gardener at work within call. Then he bethought himself of the fountains, and ran to get aome water in hie hat, , At' this first dash of wat'or Mrs. Wornook opened her eyes, with a little sobbing nigh, find looked at him as if wondeiing who and what he'was. * "I knew lie would have, answered _ my prayer,"she murmured brokenly. "Spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost:" i It" seemed a worse kind of faint than Allan had supposed; for now her mind was wandering, . . • " ' ' ' " I fmr- the sun Was too .warm"fbr ytin," be said; standing before her ih painful embarrass tnen Vhalflexpecting some indication of abso liite lunacy. "Yea, yes, it was the sun,"eho answered nervously" "The glare is so strong this after noon, and this summer-house is eliBdeleae. I must go back to the house. It was very foolish of mo to faint, 1 am so sorry. I hope you won't consider me a very silly person." My dear Mrsi Wornoclt, I have never beard that a fainting fit on a warm summer afternoon isaeign of silliness.". . "No, it is a thing one cannot help', can one! But it must have been bo unpleasant for you. Ah, here is one of the gardeners," as a man came hurrying towards her with a scared countenanoe. "There is nothing the matter, Henry. I am quite well now, Mr. Carew, and I can walk balk to the house. And so. your father's original name was Beresford? Does he call himself Beresford-i nrew 1" | " Yep, in all important documents ; bub he is a man too careless of .forms to trouble him self about the first name, and it haB fallen into diBuse for the most part—Career buing the name of honour in our county. He is known at Fendyke and in the neighbourhood simply as Hquire Carew. I sign inyscif Bsreaford Carew sometimes, when 1 want to distinguish myself from the numerous olan of Carews in Devonehire.and elsewhere. Will you tako my arm to go back to the house?" "Yes," timidly and faintly; "I shall be very glad of your support."« She put her small whito hand through his arm, Bnd walked slowly and silently by his side. Returning consciousness had brought back very little colour to her face. It had still an almost unearthly pallor. She walked th.e whole distance without uttering a word. A faint , sigh fluttered on her lips two or three times during that slow promonade, and ou her drooping lashes Allan saw the glitter of a tear. For some reason or other elm was deeply moved, or it might be that har fainting tits always took this emotional form. lie saw her safely ecatod on her own sofa, with footman and maid in attendance upon her, before he took a brief adieu. "You'll come and see mo again, I hopo," she said, with a faint smile, as she gave him her hand at parting; '"I shall be. most happy,"'he murmured, doubtful withiu himself whether ho would ever hazard a repetition of this agitating finale to an afternoon oall. To be interrogated about himself and his'surroundings, with an eager curiosity which was certainly startling, and then to find himself ictc-a-tcte with an unoon ecjous fellow-creature was an ordeal that few young men would care to repeat. When he described bis visit next day to Mrs. Mornington she only shrugged her shoulders and said decisively, " Hysteria I Too much money, too much leisure, and no respectable connections. If there is one woman I pity more than another that woman is Mrs. Wurnock." I " If ever I oall on licr again it must he with you or with my mother," said Allan. "I won't face her alone. " Although he came to this decision about the lady lie found himself not the less disposed to dwell upon her image during the days and weeks that followed his afternoon at Dis cern bo; and more than onco he asked himself whether there might not be some moro oogent reason for her fainting fit than the sun's warmth or the sun's glare—whether that deep intcrestwhich she had evinced in all ho could tell her of home and parents might not be founded on something .more serious than an idle woman's idle ouriosity. <jouia id us taut ue nna nguDBo upon Bome trace of chat mystery iu his father's past life— that mystery which without tangible evidence lie had always imagined as the keynote to his father's charaoter. in later yearsShe had fainted immediately upon his telling her his father's former name. Was that a mere coin cidence of time, or was the name the cause of hesitation in goiDg alone—a second time. Lady Emily arrived on a visit to her son while he was pondering this unanswerable question about Mrs. Wornoolr, and he oaught at the opportunity. Ho hardly allowed his mother time to inspect his house and gardens, and the small farm which supplied bis larder, and to give her opinion upon the furnishing of the rooms and the arrangement of the flower-beds and lawns, before he suggested taking her to oall upon his neighbour at Discombe. "But why, Allan? why should [call upon this Mrs. Wornock when I am a stranger in the land?" argued his mother. "If there is' any question of calling it is Mrs. Wornook who must oall upon me." ' "Ab, but this lady is an exception to all rules, mother. She calls upon hardly any body,and shehas begged me to go and see her, and I feel a kind of hesitation in going' alone —a second time." He stopped in sudden embarrassment. He did nob wish to tell hie mother about the fainting fit, though he had desoribed the eoene freely bo Mrs. Mornington. He had thought more seriously of the circumstanoe since that conversation with Mrs. Mornington, and he was inclined to attach more importance to it now than at that time, " I think you would be interested in Mrs. Wornook, mother," he urged, after a pause, during whioh Lady Emily had been paoing the room from window to wall with the idea of suggesting a bay to ha thrown out where there was now only a flat French casement. " Allan, you alarm me. I think you must be in love with this oooentric widow. You told the she -was very riob, didn't, you? It might not be a.bad.tnatoh for you?" '■ " Perhaps hot, if Mrs. Wornook had any penohsint for me, and if I wanted a wife old enough to be my mothBr, Do you know that the ladybas aeon as old at I am ?" He reddened at the thought of that ton, whose likeness to'Beresford-Uarew was start ling enough to surprise Lady Emily, and might possibly oooasion unpleasant empioions. And yet aooidental likenesses are so common in this world that it would be weak to be soared by suoh a resemblance. Would he be wise in taking his mother to Ditoombe ? Perhaps not. He had made up his mind to take her there, wisely or fool ishly. He wanted to bring her plain oommon sense to bear upon Mrs. Wornoci's fantastio disposition. " My -mobher is the shrewdest woman I know," he told himself. "She will read Mrs. Wornock's oharaoter much better than I can." Lady Emily was the soul of good" nature,' and was_ particularly free from the trammels of oonventionality; so, when ah e found her son had the matter at heart, she waived alt question of the caller and the called upon, and allowed Allan to drive her to Discombe on the after noon after her artival at Beechhuret; and the drive and the approaoh to the manor were very agreeable to her. "You are really-prettier .horeabouts than we are in Suffolk/'she said condescendingly ; " but you have not our wide expanse ot pas ture, our opoD horizon. Those high downs have a oramping iffeot on your landscape— they narrow your outlook, and shut you iu too muoh. Your sunsets must hs very poor in a btoken-up country tike this." • The "west her/Was more "fcoltry than ;on Allan's previous visit/ Summer bad'ripened; the roses were in bloom, and the tab purple petal had fallen in the rhododendron jungle through which' they drove td the Manor House. " Mrs. Wornook was at home. Vain for the footman to deny it even had he been so minded, for the deep-toned music of the organ was pealing along the corridor, The mighty ohordB which begin Beethoven's "liberal March" for the burial of a hero crashed out, solemnly and slowly, as Lady Emily and her son approaohed the music room ; and when at the opening of the door the player stopped suddenly the silence was more startling than the mu-:io had Startling, too, to see the fragile form of the player, and the semi- transparent hands which bad produced that volume of sound. " I had no idea ythi wore bo fine a musician, Mrs. Wornock," Lady Kmily said graciously, after the introduction had been got over, the lady of Disoonibe standing before her timidly in the broad sunlight from the open window, so fragile, so youthful looking, so uniilte the mistress of a great house, and the ohief per sonage in a rustio parish. " My eon ws9 eloquent in your praise, but he forgot to tell me of your musical talent." "I don't think I have much talent," answered Mrs. Wornock hesitatingly. "1. am very fond of mueio—that is all." "There ie a great deal in that all, 1 wish my love of music—and Allan knows I prefer a good concert to any other form of entertain ment—would enable me to play as you do, for then I could take the place of the stupidest organist in England at our parish Church." Lady T2mily was making conversation, see ing that Mrs. Warnock's lips were mute and dry, as if Bhe were absolutely spasohless from frigbt. A most extraordinary woman, thought Lady Emily. Shy to a degree that bordered on lunacy. The talk had all to be done by Allan and bis mother, since Mrs. Wornock's share in ie was hardly more than monosyllabio. She aeaonted to everything they said—she contradioted her self over and over again about the weaeher, and about the distinguishing features of the surrounding country. She agreed with Lady Emily that the lulls spoiled the landscape; she assented to Allan's protestation that the hills were the ohief oharm of the neighbour hood. She rang for tea, and when the servnnte had brought tablos and tray and tea kettle, ahe sat as in a dream for ever so long before she became conscious that the things wore there, and chat she had a duty to per form. Then she filled the oups with tremulous hauds, and allowed Allan to help her through tbs simplest details. Her obvious distress strengthened Allan's suspicions. There must be some mystery behiud all this embarrassment. Mrs. Wor nook could hardly behave in thie way to every etrauger who called upon her. Of all womea living no one wis less calculated to inspire awe than Lady Emily Carew. Good humour was writ large upon her open countenance. The milk of human kindness gave softness to her speech. She was full of consideration for others. Distracted by tho mu»io of the organ, Lady Emily had not even glanced at the Millais portrait which faced her as site walked along theuorridor. It was, therefore, with unmixed astonishment that she observed a photograph on an easel conspicuous on a distant table—a photograph which she took to be the likeness of her son. ♦ "I aee you have given Mrs. Wornoek your photo, Allan,"she said. "That is mors than you have done for me Binoo your were at the University." " Go and look at the photo, mother, and you will see I havo Dot been so wanting in (ilial duty." Lady Emily roao and went over to the table in the furthermost window. "No, I see it is another face: but there is a wonderful look of you. Pray, who is this uios-looking young man, Mrs. Wornock? I may oall him nice-looking with a good grace, since be is not my son. His features are more refined than Allan's. The modelling of the faoe is more delioate." "That is my son's portrait," answered Mrs. Wornock, "and it is thought a good likeness. He is like Mr. Carew, is he not? Almoststartingly like; but the resemblance is leas striking in the pioture than in the living faoe. It is in expression that the two faces are alike." " I begin to understand why yon are in terested in my son,"said Lady Emily, smiling down at the face on the easel. "The two young men might- be brothers. Pray how old iB this young gentleman ?" " He will be aix-and-twenty in August." "And Allan was twenty-five last May. And is Mr. Wornock an only son, like my Allan ?" " Yes. I have only him. When lie is away I am quite alone—except for my organ and piano. 1 try sometimes to think they are both alive." "What a pity you have no daughter. A place like this looks as if it wanted a daughter. But you and I are in the same desolate oonditiou. Allan is all I have—and my white farm." *' Mother, why nob my white farm and Allan?" said her eon laughingly. "If you knew more of my mother, Mrs. Wornock, if you knew her in Suffolk, you would be very likely to think the farm Grst and uot seoond in herdearlove. Perhaps you, too, are interested in farming." Mrs. Wqrnook smileda gentle negative, and gave -a glance at the triple keyboard yonder, whioh was eloquent of meaning. A glanoe which seemed to ask, " Who oould waete time upon oow-bouse and poultry-yard when all the master spirits of harmony are offering their mysterieB to the failhfnlstudent! " Well, mother,- how do yon like the mis tress of Disoombe!" asked Allan as they drove homeward. "She is very refined — rather graoeful— dreadfully shy," answered his mother, musingly; "and I hope you won't be angry with me, Allan, if 1 add that she seems to me half an idiot." " You-saw bor to-day at a disadvantage," said Allan, and then lapsed into meditative ailenoe. Had he not also seen this strange woman at a disadvantage when she fainted at the mention of his father's name -the name his father had borne in youth, not the name by whioh he was known now! Her fainting fit might have had no signiGoanoe in his eyes if it had not followed upon her eager que ttioning about his father. And whatever auspioions had been axoited by that first visit were inten sified by Mrs. Wornook'e manner in the preBenoe of L,ady Emily. 3-aoh obvious embarrassment-a . shyness so muoh moro marked than that with whioh she had received him on his lira® visit—could hardly exist with out a deeper cause than solitary habits of ner vous temperament. - The likeness between Geoffrey Woraock and himself might have meant no tnore than the likeness bstween Mr.' Of-ummond and Sir 1 Robert Peel; but that likeness taken in con- * junotion with Mrs. Wernook's extraordinary ,interest in his tathor, and most noticeable | embarrassment iq recaiving his mother, might mean a great deal—might-mean, indeed, that I theoloud upon bis father's life waB the shadow I of a lifelong remorse, the dark memory of sin | and sorrow. Tt might be that within the I years preceding bis marriage George Beresford had bean involved in a guilty intrigue with Mr. Womock'e young wire. To believe this was to think very badly of this gentle creature who usod the advantages of wealth and position with siioh modest restraint, whose only delight in life was inone of the most exalted of life's -pleasures. To believe this was to think Mrs. Wornoek a false and ungrateful wife to a generous husband ; and it was to believe (jeorge Beres ford a vulgar seducer. Jf there is one fallacy to which the non-legal mind iB more prone than another it is its belief in its power to estimate the value of circum stantial evidence. Allan Carew tried his father and Mrs. Wornock by the evidence of circumstances and lie found tboin guilty. " My mother shall never cross that woman's threshold ngain!'' lie decided, angry with himself for having taken Lady Emily to Disoombe. 