THE TWIN SISTERS. CHAPTER IV. THE HOROSCOPE OF THE STARS. The earliest March sunshine was waking iulo palo bloom tlio purple and yeiJow crocuses in liiu Iior.i.'rs Tinder the south windows of Jjoltuu Hall—the cedars and leafless beeches xsero toNKing their iv the clormy March ivimls, and the wheel;; of everyday iito moved 0:1 in tlicir Jiccustomed grooves, rocnrdless ~f ihe fact th.it Sir <;Hberc Uoltoii had !:iin for too months umlt-r tlio eculpturo o£ the family uiausoJenm nil the foot of the park ! So we all live our brief day, urn] ko wo are all forgotten, savo by one or two faithful hearts. After all, is itsw precious a thiii It was past 11 o'clock at night, but tho hall windows were all aglow, and tho old mansion was full of subdued bustle—people passing to and fro, lights glimmering and vanishing doors opened and closed as softly as if their hinges wore of velvet, for" the hour had come, so long and mo joyfully anticipated by him who should "never now rejoice in its consummation—the hour in which an heir should bo born to the grand old house of ISolton. A huge !=re roared up the wide throated chimney in tho brick.paved room, kunwn as"lhe servants" hall So bright was the ruddy illumination which it cast over the most distant corners oL the spacious, old-fashioned j apartment, that the candles seemed ! almost unnecessary. The red curtains at the windows excluded the fro-.lv gloam of th.> March .-.tarlighl, anil chairs and settles ~i soiidlv-wrought wood, drawn around the great lire plsce, served to aci-omiiiodaie not ofilv tho sert-ants of the hall, but plenty of Eocialiy inclined villagers. r,,r there was no lack of topics to go-sip about now, in view of* the events ot" past and futuro both. 'Well,' quoth Martha, the seuilvrv maid. who, scarcely being considered ail equal to tho others, leaned over a high-backed .settle l>y t.'io door, which opened into tho kitchen department ?to think that this 'ere should lie happciiin* nine weeks arter ii.ior Sir Gilbert c.~.me to his death '. \V<-. iKm'i none on us knuw what's in store for us—that we don't !' 'The girl is right,' said Harford, who had been reading the newspaper by a private and particular candle of his own. '.It's nine weeks to an hour since it happened ! She is right !' A momentary silence fell' on tho group around the tire, and then Mrs Mair said, in a low voice 'Do you suppose she is thiuki'i?- of it. to-night ?* 'Who? Mr lady?' Karforri. 'As if there was a blessed instant a.s she ever forgot it ." ? No. no, you irooae,* said the old lady, irritably, ; 1 mean she—she as did the deed—Mabel Sti.ncheart!' ' I'oor crazed envtur," said Bailey, the co..k, who had withdrawn out of the professional atmosphere t>; pots and ;>.-ins into She genti'itv o t a waito apron, and a c.ip with nio"nri;:ui: I ribbons, 'tho law won't be hard on ! her, i hope !' * There's no danger,' said IFarfon!. with lofty superiority. ' A woman as is iion compos mm Hα " ' Get along with your French." said Mrs Bailey, conteiii'ptuousiv-. - You've never been liUv yourse/f." !£:jrr' siuco you went on that trip among the foreign njounscers with ."Sir rest his poor soul'" 'It warn't I'reueh.' said Harford, contemptuously, *it was a legal term. But you woaien don't never under stand nothing.' 'We know enough not to waste good candle-grease,' said Mrs 15a: lev, adroitly leaning over to euuit tho light at llarfonl's elbow. 'Lord .save us! if there ain't a windin' sliuet in the wick as plain as ever 1 seed one !' A low Bimmr ran through the female portion oi' tho household ; but Harford caughi the suiifFersout of the cook's hand, and clipped oft" the hang ing excrescence o:i tlie wick. 'Hold your tongue, woman.' he said, sternly, 'and"don't be ta'kiu' like ?n idiot at such ?. time as this. Hush—who's that ?' ' It ain't nobody/ said Martha, the scuilcry-niaid, whose eyes were twice their usual size. 'It's tlie wind a-drawing through the passage-way, and siainmiii' of the doors,' said Ifarford. 'It's death enteriii* '.' said Mrs Bailoy, solemnly. ? Tho Lord have mercy on us—but I wish my mistress well through this night ?' ' Ye needisa fear '.' said a strange. quavering voice, close to !;cr eibiuv, 'ye ueedna rear! It's written in th.; stare that :iu heir is to be bor;i tv the house of Holloa this vera night, ami wba ever kenned the story of the stars to be fa use ?' Mrs Bailey had jumped and given a low shriek a.s the tremulous cracked voice first chimed on her ear. ' Why. it's oi.l Zorah :' she exclaimed. ' How But old Zorah hobbled 'forward ti> the /ire without heeding the. question. Apparently, she was ver\" aged, for the hair which escaped from her coarse black coif, and hung in eli- iske locks over her forehead, was whiter than the driven snow, am! her face was seamed ami cuunter-.seamed with hundreds of tiny wrinkles, while beneath her shag-jv white eyebrow.-, the fire of her small black eye* seemed to smoulder with restless brilliancy. .She was bent nearly doublo with ago and inlirmitv, and leaned heavily on a knobbed stick as she walked, while the servants moved aside in a sort of silent awe, as .she advanced, seeming to see nono of them! ' She's uncanny,' whispered the scullery-maid, clinging to the arm of a pert, kitchen adherent. 'They ! say she sees things and hears thing-? I I an other mortals is forbid to nee and j hear! , ' Who is she, any how ?' whispered ; ?latie, who was a now servant. ' It's old Zorah—and she's 100 years old, Lord savo us. Hush—she's i goin' to speak !' ' But it'll be a laes- baini," said Zorah, slowly, working her wrinkled lingers over each other as they claspod ; tho head of her stick. ' The line o . j the bounio house o' Bolton 'II end in fa lass-bairn. . It's been said and < spoken, and wha's to gainsay it! And thero's blood and darkness round the hour that ends the line! (hide save us a ' —blood and blackness, sic as the sunshine canna break through! Oh, ivy leddy—my boiinie, boniiie child, as I've nursed on my lap, ar' her nin mither afore her !' 'She's thinkiu* about Sir tiilbert,' whispered llarford. ' She's crazy,' said old M'Call, tho gamekeeper, who had entered, and now stood leaning on his gun, with his eyes lixed pityingly on old Zorali. ? She's gone through "trouble enoiuili to craze her a dozen ttOies over, if all reports be true.' ' r ' It ain't trouble as always crazes us,' said the cook, her fat proportions quivering softly with a sigh, ' or we should bo but a Bedlam lot of us!' ' But, all the same,' said Betsy, the laundress, uneasily, ' 1 wish sho wouldn't be talkm" tha"t way, for ' But at that instant the door opened, and Mrs. Asliby came in, with ilushed cheeks and eyes sparkling. 'It's two of 'em, , she cried, breath lessly, 'two lovely little girls—and my lady's doiri' famously, and—and—oi", if Sir Gilbert had but been here to see the day!' I She burst into I ears. Old Zorah had _hobbled forward and eagerly elutchetl her arm .' 'Ttra lasses!' she cried, hoarsely 'twa lasses, Km ma. Ashby? then the j rouble will bo double! "Toll mc the hour and the minute, woman—did yo mark it weei, as 1 bade ye ?' ' 1 never thought of it. Zorah,' said Mrs Auhby. aghast. ' JN'o, i never once thoiig'ht of it !' ' Food :' shrieked Zorah, flingiii" Aa!i!iy's hand .-.way from her. ' And the. lioiinie night all strewn with st.-iri?, waisiu" wi' a" their voices to siie..k to Us—and the midnight just on the wane.' Oh, fool!' ' '.Stop, though,' interrupted Ashby. I was to give her the draught in jus! three-nuarti-rs of an :n>iir-aiul 1 looked at the clo-.-k, I know, and ir was ii:ilf-pa?t: 1 I.' ? U hen tiie bairns were born r' ' Yes, just half-past II !' Zorah turned an-I limped out: of the room without another word, and the next moment tiiey heard tin- d..or of ti.o lower i-orridor swiu- shut, with ;l h.ilhm-. b ~i,.s s? li:i d: \- -IU-rcy by over us all !' said Mrs liailey, with a slight shiver, ? that old crone makes m v blood ruu cold !' ' My lady humours her," said IJar foril, ? because she was her own mother's nurse, n>.body knows how many years ago; but" Sir Gilbert never liked her '.' 'Te.'i us al-ot-i rho twins!' cried I Mrs Haiic-y. forgetting all that was j past ia the new excitement of the moment. 'Are they prcttT? What .lid my lady say when they sliov.eJ em to her?' 'Xevera woni,'said Ashby, wipin" her eyes with the corner of her black s;Hc aprosi 'but there was .i come mto her eye that t haven't seen tiiere since they laid Sir Gilbert i:i his bloody grave : S'io'll have *ome tsiiug u> till up the aching hollow in her heart, now, thank heaven ." ? IJut you hav'n't said if they was well favoured," persisted JJaifev." "As beautiful as two rcsebu'ls ; but " and Ashby lowered her voice, and spoke so that only Bailey could hear her, ' it's the Lord's own wonder ful dom's, and I always di.l say there wasn't no explainiii' them things— there's the mark of a red cross on?one of 'em. just as piaii, as i see that on poor Sir Gilbert's forehead that awful i.ight : r Mrs Hailey grow pale—her eves protruded like round blue balls from their sockets. \- When; J' she gasped, as soon as her astonishment could liml a voice. "Over it's ii>t!e heart—a red cross that rises and falls with every breath it _ draws. Mush, now I must be And Mrs Asiiliy disappeared once more, leaving the circle in the servants* hall eager to talk over this ne w happening in the current of life at the hall. 'The old hail won't be the same place, with tho sound of children's voices in it,' said Harford. '? ' No more it won't.' said the cook I 'Oh, it's just as Mrs Ashl.y savs-if | poor dear -Sir Gilbert could have lived to hold 'em m his arms! , ?lie's belter off," said eld 31'CalI, huskily. ' "Well, now it's all over I'll go home and tell my dame about it Two little girls—well, well, :?v lady's cot something left to livo ;o"r, after all. . As he crossed the broad marble terrace in front of the hall, ou his wav to the by-path which led direct , v t<> his cottage, he started a little- at" the sight of old Zorah, who stood, motion less as a tarred statue, with her seamed yeihm- face turned up to the white, ghostly glimmer ot tho stars, and her lip.i moving rapidly and continuously, although no 'sound issued therefrom. 'Com.-, Mother Zorah,' said the gamekeeper, no! unkindly, - let mc take you home-—it's time old banes like yours wore in bed !' ' Hush!' conned the old woman, with an angry hissing sort of. sound, 'carina y<; bide still ? Di'inia y? hear the voices f> , the stars ? Can" I gang home when tho fate o" a* the Boitons is hangin' on a thread ? . It r.-as aye foretold the race wad end iv a Jass, bat twa o£ 'em—oh, hash ye, Sandy M'Call, atid let my auld cen speer (wha's stsndin' in the celestial Houses of the Stars, where the bonnie bairns' lives aro written out! Gude save u? J a'! but it's a wear}' weird she'll hao to dreo' !* ' Who, Zorah—my lady? , esked ! Bl'Call, a little impressed, in spite of himself, by Zomh's vehemence of manner. ' ?Ca, na—it's the lass- bairn—death, and danger, and tho crossing of the tea." ' But there's two of 'on;, JSorali,' persisted Sandy M'Call. ' Yes, yes, 1 ken, Sandy,' chattered tho o!d woman. ? Lord hao mercy on the wee bits o" things—but 1 ilau'r na tellyo all the mysteries thae stars liae rovealit to mo this night! Gang your ways hamc, man—gang your ways hame, and thank Providence your reel is well nigh run out. For tho prosperous days o* the uuld hou.se o* lSolton will ne'er dawn mair! Vac's mc! wae's mo !' and sho wrung her hands like tine in mortal pain. Sandy il'Call went home, but, think as he would, ho could not dismiss trom hia mind tho face of old Zorah, as he had seen if, looking gray and ghastly in the starlight. The shaded lights were burning softly in Lady Bolton's apartment that nigl-t, a--* the hours slowly ebbed away. A bright liro glowed and crackled in the grate, and the white silk curtains, fringed with gold, wore looped back from wliere tin; crest of tho Boltons was carved in ivory on tho head of tho :tutio,uoly-shaped couch. Two or three women moved softly to and fro over tho noiseless pile of velvet carpet, and Airs .\shl?y sat beside the lady's lacc-eovered pillow, while the physicians, men of note and skill, who had been summoned from sonic distance, were dozing in the nexl room. Across the room, rather nearer to the lire than the larger couch, :i gilded casket, shaped liku a convoluted shell, and covered with a tiny coverlid of satin and eider down, was placed, and there, among draperies of embroidered lawn, and pillows edged with costly Valenciennes, nestled the two new-born babes—little velvet morsels of humanity, whose tiny heart beats had scarcely as yet disturbed tho current of the great world surging so stormily around them—fatherless creatures, born, so to speak, in the purple, yet more forlorn than the child of the humblest cottar, over whose cradle a father's face of love and protection is bent! Suddenly a low tone sounded on the scented silence of the half-lighted apartment—.Lady IJolton's voice. Ashby bent over her pilloiv in an instant. ' What is it, my lady ?* ' Who is it walking up and down the terrace, Ashby r , 1 hear the sound of footsteps (hat never pause fur .in instant.' ' Does it make- yon nervous, my lady? , ' No, not that, but I want to know what it is. , Mrs Ashby glided across the floor, and drew back one of the pearly, glistening Folds that shielded the w;ndo;v->janc.s. One instant she looked out, then she returned !o her mistress's bedside. "Ir is only old Zorah, my lady, walking up and down in iier strange way. staring up at the skr. , ' L'oor old Zorah !' Lady Boltou's voice had :t time of inlinite pilv and cornp.tssiou. ' Does s!io know about my little babes r" ' Y?\?, my lady, 1 hare told her.' ' What did she say? IVor Zorah ." ' Xotliing much, ray lailv." said Asiiby ; ' only ran out as if she was mad, to look at tho stars.' ' Zorah is :s firm believer in astrology,' said Lady Holtoii. with a smile. ? .She will be easting their horoscopes and muttering all sorts of prognostications ! "Well", let her, the stars that shine over my baby girls can be only the sweetest and most auspicious. ' My girls ! < )h, Ashby, I ioel so rich—so infinitely blessed. 1 should have nothing left to wish for if only ' _? My lady .' my lady !* interposed ! the portly nurse, sailing across the carpet, "you arc talking too much. Mrs Ashby, I must trouble you to remember what the doctor's special orders was, as my lady was not to excite herself.' 'I will not,' said Lady Boltoii, meekly, luit she still kept hold of the hand Ashby !ia coverlid; and when the queen of the invalid chamber had withdrawn once more to her cushioned easy chair, she saiJ, in a low, tremulous voice,' Ashby. do you suppose fie knows ? Do you think the windows of heaven will* be opened for him to look down upon the children he s<* longed for r" * My lady, who can toll r' whispered Ashby, with the tears falling on her lady's white, transparent forehead. 'It's all as the good Lord wills, aud He knows best.' ? My babes,' repeated Lady Bolton, as if the words were ineffably sweet upon her lips. 'My little ones! Move the cradle closer to mv bedside, Ashby, so that 1 can see their sweet laces ; why is it placed so far away ?' "They arc asleep, my lady,' said Ashhy, ' and the doctor said you were to he very quiet. To- morrow, perhaps, but you'll sleep now, there's a dear, sweet lady.' ' You arc all tyrants.' said Lady lioltuu, a littie impatiently. ' llusli".' what is that knocking?' Mrs Ash!>y went ou tip-toe to the door. In tin: dim light which illumined th? side passage, leading to the back .stairway, she saw the black garments, mid yellow, death-like face of old Zorah Stoneheart. ' Mercy upon us, Zorah!' she involuntarily exclaimed ; ' what ails you ? You look like a ghost!' ' .Uiiina slop to speer,' interrupted the old crone, ' but open the door, for tho time waxes awfu' short, and there is much, much to tell. I must win ben lo the leddv.' i i She would have put Ashby aside, ] : but the maid held her ground i ; resolutely. ! ' You cannot ceo Lady Bolton to. I night,' she said, decidedly; ' she cannot bo disturbed. Come to-morrow, or j next week.' ! "To-morrow, or next week !' echoed old Zorah, in n. voice that was almost a scream. * Woman, what are yo, to talk to mc about to-morrows, when 1 stand wi* one foot i' the grave? There is nao to-morrow fur mc ! 1 j maun spealc my say whilo it ia yet day, i For the night cometh —the night, the I night!' Her voico had ri-*en to a shrill shriek, which reached tho ears of Lady Bolton, as she lay among her perfumed pillows. 1 I maun sco the leddy !' cried Zorah. 'My time is short —open tho door, woman, and he ' Hut you cannot sco her,' answered Ashby, no less determinedly. ' Do you suppose she's to givo audience to every old wife that goes ranting through the country? Go home, Zorah Stonehoart, and come- again at a more fitting season.' But Lady Uoltou's gentle voice interrupted the c:illo ' Let her come in, Ashby ; let her moo my babies. It will be tho third generation of our family that she has held in her arms. Come in Zorah !' ' "Well, I never,' ejaculated Ashby, under her breath, but she unwillingiy Ktuod asido to give admission to the ! bent figure, leaning heaviiv on its knobbed stick. Zorah .Stonehcart tottered forward into the room with faltering and uncertain footsteps, while out- j trembling hand, raised high above her head, gave her a startling resemblance to some weird prophetess of old. She passed by the shell-shaped cradle without scorning to see it, but hurried forward to the place where Lady I'o'ton lay, clutching at the carved foot-board of the couch with her skinny, attenuated lingers. ' Oh, my leddy, my bonny Leddv ("ertrude! , sho faltered, ' dmna tali* it to heart! Oh, bear it \vV a. bi-nv froul, as one of the Heltons should. Lt's the Lord has stretched out the thorny wav before your feet, anil we maun n to" submit, to His will. I hae read it in the book o" the stars, and they canna speak fause. Oh, Lady (fertrudc, my bonny bird, the Lord hae mercy ou you ! It was better far that ye were lyin* dead, wi* your bairns upon your breast.* Lady Boitou, struck dumb and Kiit-echless. by this strange address, gazed at lJi? bent figure in U-rrifieU, trembling silence ; but 3lrs Warren, j the nurse, rushed forward and caught Zorah by the arm. ' Woman, are you crazy? Do \\-ou want to kili her r'—with a hurried inclination of the head towards the newly-made mother. * Who let yon in ? Who was mad enough to run such :i risk as this?* JJut Zorah. with almost supernatural strength, twitched her arm away. ' Who arc ye'that would interrupt the voice of the stars ?' she cried, in a high, cracked voice. ' Uehold, the hour is upon mc, .-md 1 maun speak that which is put into my mouth. The tones hao spoke to mc that He outside the veil—and am I to keep silence? Stand aside, I say —and let tiie leddy know her doom. For lam sent to tell her that ' j But a hand more mighty than nurse Warren's arrested the How of darkly prophetic words. An ashen sliadou crept visibly across the age-seamed face—a twitching, as of sudden agony, ran through the muscles, and as if felled down by a mortal blow, Zorah Stoneheart sank, a senseless heap, to the lloor. ' It's paralysis,' said thu doctor, when he was hastily summoned to the care of this new patient. ' But,' with a troubled glance at Lady Button's pallid, disturbed face, " how came you to let her into this room ? Have you all gone mad together, you women ?' Cir.U'TEEI V. OI.IJ ZOK.Ul's COTTAGE. The twin scions of the stately old house of Bolton grew and prospered like fair lilies in the sunshine. One of (hem—the eider by a few minutes— was fair, with tiny blue veins inter secting one another like a network of faint sapphire on her temples, skin [ like translucent mother-of-pearl, and I eyes of tho soft, melting blue of the J mid-day sky in June—the other, on the contrary, was dark, with eyes of so deep a hazel, that they were nearly J black, and a skin touched with a clear olive of a more southern latitude. Alikp, yet dissimilar, they presented the strange medley of family resem blance and personal individuality which sometimes puzzles the closest student of humanity. Lady Bolton was never weary of watching their baby moods, and dream ing over their winsome little wars. Her recovery was rather slow, owing, as the physicians asserted, to the shock she had received in old Zorah'sstartling words and sudden paralytic seizure— when at length she was able to come down stairs and enter upon the accustomed round of her daily life, the park and grounds that surrounded Bolton Hall v.-ero frosh with the vernal bloom of the maturing spring. The hedge's shone waxen, white with iloivers, the earlier roses tossed their crim.soii crest* along tho southern wall, ami the slopes of the deer-park were green with the velvet growth of the young season, while dandelions, springing up hi every nook ami corner, made the sward" look as if a ram of glistening gold had descended on its fresh expanse. ' Afihbv,* said Lady Boltoit to her maid, as she stood at her window one lovely morning in April, watehiii" the fleecy clouds that dappled the deep blue of the firmament overhead, and breathing in the spring air as if. every inspiration were- a cordial, ' how is old Zorah to-day ?' ' Better, my lady, I hnvo heard; but still very low, as liow could she help it, to bio sure, and she close on 100 years old ?' ' She does not leave licr bed ?' ' 1 believe not, my lady." ' I have a grep.t mind," said Lad 3' Uolton, slowh', ' to take the children down to her cottage to-day, if it continues fine." 'To old Zorah'n cottsgo, my lady ? Bless and wave us !' cried Ashby, in evident dismay. ' Yes ; why not ? 'My mother was horn almost into Zorah's arms. She held mc to her breast before I wna an hour old : somehow, I think it would Hocm almost like an inherited blessing j if 1 could sec her place her wrinkled old hands on the heads of my little darlings !* '.lust as yon please, my lady,* said Ashby, doubtfully; ' but there's them as thinks no blessing can ever come with old Zorah ! She talks strangely, my lady, and snro it is she knows more than other folks. I hope she mayn't be in league with tho .Evil One, that's all!' ' jNfonsenso,' said Lady ISolton, good-humouredlv. *I thought yon, at least, wero more sensible, Ashby! Old Zorah is neither witi-h nor enchantress; she is only a very old woman, and I shalj take tho children down to hoi , cottage this afternoon. You can finish arranging those vases, Ash by, I am iioing i,, the nursery.' The nursery was a large, light room, in tilts south wing of the hall, with its windows opening out on the ilouer garden, and I he; interior furnished like some caskot which was to hold the r most precious jewels of all life's ? crown. Tin! carpet was ? velvet labyrinth of roses ; the chaira were :>l" light li:i!nlioo, covered with siimvv liuon ; tho pink-tinted ivall.s were hung with choice pictures and classic engravings, and little statuettes of bronze, alabaater, ami p:iri:in marble, all representing the various phases of childhood for their subjects, stood around, for Lady JJolton's theory was to -surround her babes, from the very dawn of their lives, with refilling and ennobling inlluences. j I'he little ones were undergoing tho elaborate process of their uiorniit" I bath as Lady lJolton entered. One of them was, lying ou the lap of an under-iiurso, her tiny form wrapped in a blanket of embroidered flannel, ready for .-in immersion, the other w:w cooing and struggling under the brisk rubbing administered by Anna, the chief of tho infantine department. " I am just in time,' said Lady Holton, with 'i smile ; ' L have never [ seen my babies take their bath vet.' Anna, a woman of experience and judgment beyond her station, liastilv started an a Hush rose to hor forehead. ?Oh, my lady, F am sorry- you pleased to come in just, now.' ' What for? Don't hide her away. Anna. Let mo see my little dimpled cherub; she won't take cold, tho airof the room is oppressively warm.' For a moment Anna held tight to her littlo charge, as is disposed to contest her mistress's right; then, as if yielding to necessity, she laid the babe on Lady Bolton's lap, a rosy little creature, with limbs like tintod was, and tiny hands grasping at the sunbeams in tho air. But Lady Boltoifs cheek hwl grown suddenly pate :ia she looked down on the dimpled infant in her lap ; the hands she had folded round it scorned to fall nerveless and trembling I For, full upon the breast of the iiake i infant, depressed and elevated by everyone of its baby breaths, sho saw for the first time, a Crimson Cross ! 'Give mc the other child, Sarah,' she said to the under nurse, who sat mutely staring; and her voice was low and strained. Sarah obeyed, and liady JJolton, putting aside the embroidered drapery of the darker child, saw that there was no such fatal sign upon its velvet soft brea-st. For an instant she sat there pale and motionless, and then, Iving the crowing cliililren back in Anna's outstretched arms, she rose and left the room. Old Zorah's cottage was at the upper end of the little villag?% almost at the [>;irk gates—a humble, two roomed tenement built o£ wood, and the roof thatched with straw. Over the wooden porch a luxuriant v.-ood bmo was trained, ami a thrush's cage hung out where its feathered occupant could bask in the warm sunshine or the April afternoon. Within the cottage all was neat, but plain and scanty in tlu ostreinest degree. The boar.J floor was scoured white, and the one little window was veiled by a drapery of white cloth, whit.: a iiro blazed in the chimney to warm the chill blood of the aged woman, who lay opposite in her bed, her gray hairs brushed neatly back under the borders of a clean cap, and her face looking strangely still and corpse-lito against the pillows, while her talon-!ike fingers were interlaced in oiiu another across her breast. So lay old Zorah Stoueheart, waiting for the end. She had outlived he*? kith and kin, save the woma-i and child, who were now in an insane institution, supported there through the kindness of Lady Uoltou; she stood, as it were, on the outermost verge of time, waiting for the signal from the unseen shore. Sir: had lived through well-nigh 100 years oE toil, sorrow, and vicissitude, arid .sho knew now that tho end was not. far off. Thus she was laying when Lady Holton's pony phaeton drew up at the door, and the neighbour in charge—:t kindly soul of some four or fire and forty—ran curtseying out. ' How is Zorah to-day, Mrs Blanc?' inquired Lady Bolton, "as she alighted and stood waiting for tho nurse to follow with her little- freight. ' Oh, my lady, and thank you kindly, she's better in a. way, and vcfc it's a way that; friglitesia mc. Slie lies no nwful still liko, and moans and mutters to herself, and .sometiim - .", if it wasn't for lierevfs ividoopeu, you'd thiuk slio -.vas dead. But she'll l>e proud and my lr.ily, to sec you and the little babies, blcFs their sweet fr.ccs! for it's a great honour you'ro doinji the likes o' her, though, to bo sure, hlio scchik sort o' to boloiig to the family at the hall. PJeiaso 1o walk in, my lady,' added Mrs lSJuni>; ' it*B a |ioor place, but it's clean.' Lady lSoltou walked up to tho bcil fiide and laid her slender gloved hand on old Zornh's withered piUm. ' /Corah," she eaid, gontly, ' I have brought my little twin sirls for you to see.' Zorah Stoneheart turned Iht f?litterin<; oyes slowly towards L,ady Uolton, without inuring her head. ' Xo'ro Imiwly welcome, Lady Oertrudo,' she said, in her strange, cr.icked voice. ' 1 hope a's well wi* ye at tho hall. And how'a Sir Gilbert? 1 mind the £iiy jingle o' wedding bells an if it wore but yesterday.* ' Wliishr, woman, wjiislit," whisporel Hrrw JSlane, into her dulled car. " Ve've t'orjjot. Don't you h widow's cap and the black robes that my lady wears?' ? Come close to mc, Lady Gertrude,' pursued Znrah, apparently neither I hearing nor lioe> the chiding voice of her neighbour. * Let mc feel tl:i; touch of your wee hand in mino- dintia he fearetl. , j Lady Hiiltdii drew nearer to the bedside, -stooping over, so that the heavy crape folds of her veil almost louched Zoi-ali's coverlid. ' 1 was never afraid of you, Zora!:,' site said, in an accent of kindly pity ' Toll mc. is there anything I can do for you, before ' IJiit 25or;iii fiol?l ii{i her cmoke-I yellow tinker, :ls if to command iiiMtnntauc-oiiH silence. * llurth,' slui cried. ' AVas it :i l>:iini's voice I lio;*.rii ? I\IV niitJ c:?rs art: ?ettiu' confused, and whims 1 iieur strange sounds, but I couiil ha' too!; my Diblu oath it was tin: piping o' v VKUiipj wuan. Wlia briiifr :i uean under tho shadow o' au!d Zorah'. niof-treo? I that liao seen three generations rise and fa*. Hut it's a* jiast now—.l* past and jjoiie.' | liady Bolton took thuchildren from i the nurse's careful arms, and laid i them 011 Zorah's bed, close to her j hand. J * They aro my children, Xorah,' she said, with a mother's conscious pride and happiness, 'my little twin babes." (To be. n>,i!him 