Town Talk. 0o Tllhat there seems to be a very peculiar tralit, in the ordinary thermnometer, whido has prob ably attracted the attention of others than the ' T.T." man. lohat when there is a bright hot day the mercury registers 02l. That the weather is then often fairly agree. able, except out of doors. That on another clay-more or less cloudy, after rain, when the temperature is almost usncearable-the glass, with grim bhnmoor, inflorms us that the ruling rate of heat is only 82°, with the market easier. That thie "T.I." man has often tried to accouet for this peculiarity, but he has not yet sueceoded in doing so on a scientific hasio. That he has come to the conclusion that this eceeontricity, which most thermnometersexhilit, is one which they have inherited on their mothers' side. That the IOth of this monooth was a day that way ibe long renmembered in the annals of Queensland. That it wasn't Separation Day, nor was it the day on which a great gold.tield was found. That, it gool wishes for the success of the enterprise started on that day can bring suc cess, then the said success is certain to come off. That, not to keep the public on the tip-toe of expectation any longer, the writer will at once explain that, on that day, the first ship ment of live Queensland cattle to England was made. That of course this shipment is only by the way of experiment, but there is good reason for believing that ' the esport of live cattle to England" can be spelt in six letters-to wit, * p.r.o.f-i-Ltn That, if so, the cattle inen will he able to afford to go otn a fortnight's " bender." That all sorts of rumours are afloat respect? ing changes ia the Ministry.. That "Sir T." is off oo another jaunt. That he will, it is understood, coutinue to draw hise little £900 per year, as he has been doing for some tintme past. That a good many people are very naturauly asking what the henoo. gentleman has done for his screw-daring the last twelve moaths, any way. That hbe is, no donbt, a man of considerable ability, but lit does not follow that he should be evenlastingly paid without even taling a seat in the Bose. That there are mnany men of ability who cannot get £000 a year even if they work twenty-our home.a day, let alone get it whilo they are avorring round on an onhmlted bholi day. dThat the "T.T." mnan could give a meotable instance of this, but hie modesty stands in the way. Tihat t is hqped the obotructines in the river will shortly beremoved, so as to allow of the ocean- going steamers plying between Ipawich and Brisbane without let or hindrance. SThat any cessation of the river traffic means additional e4pense to merchants, which io something to be guarded againotmost care fully. That regulations for the management of the main park have been agreed to by the Council. That -they did not decide when 'it was to rain in the park and when it was to keep fine. That what bhey did was better than if they had neusurped Wragge's place. That the kiddies are now free to gambol in the park, and" registered Pop Carld" will now have no need to ohaw the tibia of any aggres sive park otfecal or to masticate the tendon Achillee of any member of the Park Com mittee. That it has evidently dawned upon the aldermen that, under existing conditions, it would'be imposslble to keep" Carlo" out, and as it would be a very expensive contract to pale or wire the enclosure, they have wisely decided to put-up with Carlo's depredations for the present, at least. That, nevertheless, the time will-cnme, nay uallcomre when-hbut no matter ! That it deoole as if the refreshing showers that we had on Wednesday last were a bit of a "sorprise parqty" to Wragge. That they .certainly were to the great majority of thegeneral public. That the -aid public expected the rain to come from theisterior down to the soast, but, to an unpvoldiced observer, it aseemed to come from the coast, and then go in the laterior. that our oenly weather-prophet had a " gar den party" on the same afternoon, but it seems likely that he wouldn't have had it if he had known that four of hie isobars had slipped their collars, and were going to painttthe sky black with anew anti-drought minxtore. That the eminent scientist, on finding his calculations qpset, at once investigated, and found that Mene, tene, Tekel, and Upharsin were absent withont leave-hence those tears ! That Wragge has since sworn a dim and darksome stilling scarlet oath that those four young hopefuls shall never again be off the chain while he olives. That Warwick knowo its way round,pretty well. That it is bound to keep up with the pro essh, even if it loses aleg. that it cinnot blather aboot having the biggest cathedral dn Australia, or having the deepest coal-mine in the continent, or paseass lIg the largest easposinm south of the Line. That it therefore starts a little gag about being the only place do the Southern Hemi sphere where the meal live original bonyipenay be seen for the small?dice of sirpenoe-or even ,less. That of course the Mayor and Corporation don't show themeelces in this buyip racket, oh, no ! That the move is -asigned to "the lone :fishorman," but Warwick and all the people who dwell therein 'wil get-there just the same. That they have nsuceded (metaphorically) in causing the eyes of all -Qosoenaslaod to he riveted on the turbeont and tawny Conds mine. That the Association for the Advancement of Science should at once adjouro, and visit Warwick en maesse in order to see into this mysterians yet interesting affair, so that the 'Warwiok people (including " the lone fisher .mart") may have their sames handed down to posterity as being the feortnati discoveerers ol a creature as famous as the phmoix or the unicorn, or, rather, uni-horo. That a new waterworks gheost has made its popearance, and threatens to trapse round wsosethan. its predecessor. That-it was introduced to the Canocil, on Monday last, by Alderman M'Gill. That theCouncil didn't like it (nor do the tyeyor) any more than they did its im I a.forefather. Tiattis devoutly hoped byeverybody that, as soon as the waterworks contraets are finished, the gho?et will receive the ,fioshing toneuh, tao. That, -ewing to the statements placedibefore the asideaaen re the quantity of water avail able utnder the new system, groae -fears are entertained respecting the ghost'efature move mente. That the Ministerial party appear to-h~e had a pretty fair time of it out West. That the Moma deputation to the Preaiier ?netained a bad drop over the flour ratee, and it is really almost impossible to noderstand bow they eame to give themselves away in auch acomplete maner. That, jsdging from King's remarks, theo depitation must have been barking up the' wrong tree, as it seemed that instead of going for the railway rates they should have gone for the local miller. T'hat it is romoured that Nelson's bit of news knocked them fat, sad that their hats are now much too big for them, on account of the shrinkage of their heads, while their tails are so limp that they have to be carried in slilngs. That Cross, M.L.A., has some extraordinary ideas regarding capital and labour, so extra ordinary that the "T.T." man can scarcely believe that Cross believes in them himself. That the pronouncement that we cannot do without capital, though we can do without capitaliste, is a really gaudy statement. That perhaps Cross I?magines that capital con be produced at will, or that, if wished for, it will fall from heaven like the ancient manna. That, if he has any notions like teat, he cao give them up at once, becanse they are simply unspeakable bosh. That capital ocstt have owTner, and thosev ownera are capitalists, whvlther they are indi viduals, syndicates, or compose a i hole State. That in one way, however, Croee was right -to wit,if he hIsacapital ie is a capitalit ; and whlile e edona t cant to ae sithhut his capital, we can dno very well without him-in fact, hi?d eceer h missed! That oor NeoTth Ipwieih Wesleyan frinle evidently intend to give sufficient notice of their river trip per the Glide. That an annoaoneement on Greenham's Buildingse intimates that it will come off in December. Thet pln'y of time is thus given to intending e-oorsionltas to purchase hams and tonguen and transmogrify same int senadwiches. Thabst, if fixed up now, the esid snsdwiches will, in December, be jest up to boarding bahouse standard. 