Harvest. Festival and lilasouic Service at St. John's Chitn'li, Italian. On Sunday last, the Annualllarvcst Festival was held. The church was very tastifully decorated for the occasion, the chancel, pulpit, reading desk, anil choir stalls Having received special attention. Tho screen which is usually erectcd for festivals, iu front of the chancel, was again used, and was very nicely festooned with ears and stalks of oats ami wln-at. At tho Altar, a rich offering of fruit, flowers, ami vegetables was placed, whilst in the chancel, sheaves and grasses formed a very prrUy di.-ii iy. Branches laden with fruit, ears of corn, and fl iwers fui'M'-'tl N,:ilerial tor very handsomely adorning tho pulpit, desk, and stalls, whilst the body of tile church was relieved by a garland suspended from the roof to either wall. The West end of tho church also received nttcution, 60 that the view, either on entering or leaving the church was very pleasing, aud aitoge'her suited to the festi- 1 of the day. The decorations were carried out bv the ladie6 of the congregation, who from year to year undertake the labor with so much success. Several gentlemen assisted, and the work w:is very efficiently done during Saturday afternoon. At r.he morning service, wliicil was seini-ehonil, the lpit was occupied by the Vicar, the Rev. C. Atkinson, who pieaelieil from the O'.b and 10th verses of the 3rd chapter of Proverbs. A very instructive discourse was attentively lietcued to by a largo congregation. Iu the afternoon a masonic service was held in connection with St. Sidwcll's lodge, Ballan. There was a very largo congregation. A number of masons, members of St. Sidwell's, and Duke of Abercnrn lodges, marched iu procession to the church, aud proceeded to their places near the chancel, to the processional hymu, "Onward Christian Soldiers." The chaplain was, Bro. the Rev. J. C. Atkinson, past grand chap- Iain, and the preacher, Bro. John llobsou, of Ballarat, a past officer of tho grand lodge, aud an honorary lay canon of Christ Church Cathedral, These gentlemen, each wearing the costly regalia and jewels of his respective officers, over his surplice and cassock, formed a striking feature of tho procession. The shortened form of evening prayer was used, after the dispensation from the lord bishop of Ballarat, granting the use of the church for the service, had been read. At the conclusion of the collects, Mr Robson, who was attended by the senior and juuior deacons of the lodge, bearing their wands of office, ascended the pulpit, and delivered au address, taking as his text the 9th verse of the 3rd chapter of St. Paul's, first epistle to the Corinthians—" For we are labourers together with God. Ye are God's husbandry Ye are God's building. Touching briefly on the early life aud history of St. Paul, the preacher alluded to his wealth of imagery. He was all things to all men, that he might save—pleading aad remonstrating with the Corinthians, reminding them of their worldliucss, aud theu bringing before them the stupendous thoughts associated with the words of the text. Taking the last clause, " Ye are God's building," the preacher said that to speak of a building as such, suggests little in itself, but by its form and surroundings is measured lie importance of the owner. Such a reinirk could be applied to a cottage, a villa, a mnusiou, or a king's palace. Working finin this point, a graphic description was given ol' Solcinou's teuipl.-i, which had so many a-seciations for the Masonic order. Af.ur .-I'liiilia:: to some of! the undoubted facts which p-nved the existence of the Masonic order at the time of the building of the ma^niiieent temple nf Solomon, the speaker passed on to say that it aptly symbolised his text, and .fifordeu all opportunity for bringing before liis hearers the real building of- God—themselves, or 'is they were described in another place,—" Ye are temples of tho Holy Ghost." The temple of Solomon w.s admittedly an ideal reflection of the dignity of (he majesty nf the Great Architect of the Universe, and M as they themselves were God's building, «as it not incumbent upon them likewise to reflect the glory u £ Gull? WWon obcc a mau realises this fact, an I a«ii:iies his p-oper diguity as a man, he. bceonic-i a noble creature—kiud and gentle in liis str.-nglh. pure and charitable t;> a desireu, iiunerous ami forbearing when misrepresented or contradicted—in a word, true to himself, aud to his own ideal of what he ounlit to be. The nobility of manhood was what the Masonic order sought to perpetuate. Brothe ly love, relief, and truth, are its leadiug principles and every man is taught that he is au important part of one stupendous whole, just as every stone of the temple of Jehovah was dependent on its fellows for support, so that the symetrv of the whole edifice might be a marvel of beauty. Then, whilst as afraternity they practised those virtues that from ti me immemorial have ever held the highest position in the realms of mortal thought, let them not forget that individually they were more frequently called upon to practise them. Let them remember that each in himself is God's building, and let not simply considerations of justice or economy weigh with them, but rather let the enthusiasm of humanity lift them above ignoble thoughts. To the evening service, special interest was attached, not only in anticipation of the address to be delivered by Mr Robson, but also owiug to the fact that for possibly the first time iu the history of the church, a complete choral service, with harmonised respouses would be rendered by the choir. There was a crowded congregation, every seat being occupied. Baruby's service was given, aud the way in which the choir carried out their important duties, both at this service, aud throughout the day, reflects the greatest credit upon the members and also upou their talented and capable conductor, Mr J. H. Latrobc- Batemau, who has only had charge since the commencement of the year. Miss Gertrude Blake presided at the organ, in her usual efficient style, the offertory solos and spirited voluntaries played by her, forming au important aud appreciable portiDii of the altogether pleasing services. The first portion of the usual evening devotion, was intoned by -Mr I'obson, who is as well as a lay canon of the Cathedral, lion, conductor of St. Paul's large ciioir iu Ballarat East. The lessons aud collects were read by the Vicar. The anthem at both morning and cveniug services was Sir John : Stainer's beautiful compositii n, " Ye thall i dwell in the land thar I gavcto your fatiiers. • i The treble solo wa.s very eff-ctively rendered j bv Miss Emily Blake, the bass solo being takeu by Mr T. A. Odebrook. Mr Robson preached from tho '20th verse of the 5th I chapter of St. Paul's lipistle to the Dphesians—" Giving thanks always for all things unto Ootl and the Father, in the name of our Lord Jusus Christ." A grateful acknowledgement of favours received was a sure sigu of true gentility, as was also a careful consideration of the feelings of others. Obviously there could be no true thankfulness without a heartfelt conviction that we were the recipients of a real benefaction. Therefore, the gathering of that day was a mere mockery, unless those assembled were truly thankful to the Almighty. The text was sweeping—it unjoined thankfulness f-r all tliioiiS. Some muhi comp ain that there was but little to be thankful now, and it was true that tnc times seemed out of joint, still, a little reflection should enable tlieni to see the folly of complaining. 1'iirtliermore, if they were iu a dissatisfied and complaining mood, their very presence at that service was a mockery, for was it not one of thanksgiving? They had, if they chose, an opportunity of joining with God's people, in au honorable confession, that the Giver of all good things had a tremendous claim upon their gratitude. It should not be forgotten, however, that thankfulness was by no means uecessarily proportioned to tho gift, but rather to"the tribute of a loving heart. A small favor is welcomed from one who possesses our hearts. When the heart is surely devoted to au object, there may sometimes be actual disappoiutment, because we are not placed under au obligation that would necessitate a willing response, A thankful spirit is healthful, and spreads a wholesome influence, whilst a grumbling spirit oauses misery to itself, aud discontent iu others. What had they to be thankful fur ? The immediate point was tho ingathering of tho harvest. Some men who had good yields, complained of bad prices, aud tints there was almost always a sense of something wanting. But was this thankfulness'! When they aroso were they thankful that they bad been spared ; wheu they saw afliicted humanity, were tliey thankful that their lot was less harassing ; when they beln-11 and thought upon tho hospitals and lunatic asylums, and their sad nnd stricken inmates, was there no cause for thank ulucss? Above all, let them renitmber the words 'hey often uttered, giving thanks, "above all for Thine inestimable live in the rcilempiiuii of the world." And if-wiUering and sorrow cam - to fiem. let tlie.il n it f ir^t the i.-iptiin of their salvation, " in ;de perfect through suffering." In spite of liar Isliip, and worry, and snflnring, they should think of the many worse off than themselves, neither imagine that all who seem so much more fnrtiiuate were necessarily so, for " tile heart kuovveth its own bitterness." The preacher conclude 1 n forcible and itnpressivo discourse, by urging upou his hearers to remember fiat to be thankful was to be joyful, diffusing comfort ns sunshine, and that wheu the pathway was steep and the sky iiloomv. and troubles loomed out ahead, gratitude for tin; many meioies still vouchsafed, was as sweet inceuse, asccmliug to t!io liirone uf God. 