CHAPTEB K xy I, KATTIHX. Jane hath an airy tread wherewith to Cross the beds of bloom that men call forth, and soft as phantoms treading the dusky ways of dreams, glide the. hoars over happy hearts. The summer time has come and gone; the harvest fields crown yellow with Wr^.- ,the golden waves of : ripened corn, and Wi': the dreary don garments os another §p winter trailed Ibear chill length across H tike zeapen had, and new the music of f|. the spriniHzme steals in sweQa along E;- \ the«merald shore, and whispers through gr ' the boddaig Xweutu, and nnumurs in W: . the sweet sea-wiad. Katorehasbreath ^. td hat benediction on th* revrrmg pf «wrQi, and every creature under the wf:_' ?erene*kySsqnfckened with a sense of g':' mowed onsteoee. lV Srsntibe gray old towns of Ash W -' boorne wear a softer shade in the warm i syrManlmmiif ^ — 1ir-1 ? «ft-'~'1 ^' f!h*«m is leaning to the outer gates m~ of d*y ami afl is peace and beauty. p. TitHnnrP-r Itedalesite alone in her P fiWWilMiawt fheBtttewbite pagoda K / ft» At iiita. Wrsafits of Imbxbb. I- .- ?' . swing their rich censers of perfume through all the csrved archways. Slanting sunbeams fall . athwart the delicate head, and the sweet, dreamy face, and the soft, snowy folds of gossamer muslin that -robe the elegant form of Mrs. Iredale. A bench of the fragrant golden bells of the jasmine are fastened at her throat, and no other bit of colour tints the immaculate parity of her toilet. ' At a. little distance out upon the ranny.walk, his head among the blooming mignonette that grows along its border,- lies Gelert fast asleep. The calm,' the warm voluptuous re pose that spelled the lotus eaters in the laud where it always -seemed afternoon, hung in &e; opaline atmosphere, and hushed the balmy breath of the low wind that stole with soundless wing acrobs the aarly roses and the violet beds. Far down the shady path that led to the beach, there came a strain of melody, so weird andsweetrthatit wtiked dreams of Triton sounding on his golden shell, anH t*d\mnr mermaids from the tide?es£ sea to meet him on ithe fair TTiritp-.it coast. It was not the note of any bird, nor flute, tor pipe, but in it held the music 6f them all attuned in blending harmonies more than any. As Katharine heard it she lifted her small head with the quick, startled movement of a gazelle who hears across the forest glades the loving call of its mate. A rich bloom, softer than the velvet of the damask roses just beyond, dyed her cheek, and light like starbeams came into her clear dark eyes, that now gazed with ' tremulous' * eagerness down the woody way whence., csune the fairy notes, and. as she looked she saw the shaggy form of Gelerti ' who had risen, noise'essly from* his slumber, hearing in dreams a sound he knew right well, speeding along the path. An envious shadow swept over her watching glance She seemed to wish herself in Gelerfs plaee, and joore still when a moment after she saw him leap up andplaca his great paws upon the shoulders of a tall man, who now stood ju t in sight, and brush with' his black muzzle the siky length of auburn' beard that she was jealous any creature should touch, or even look upon too closely. ' Down with you, now, you gam oM Turk !' said the gcntlemam, patting the dog's head, and walking on till he reach ed the arched entrance in a hedge of myrtle just beyond the above. There he stopped, framed by the dark green branches, and smiling to Katha rine, held out his hands to her. She did not moire, but a tremor crept through all her frame, and a sweet trouble, as of longing hesitation, filled h*r glowing face. ' Yes, you shall come to lae, just for once, you shy, coy thing, that lets even your dog seem gladder for my «'«''»£ than you.' The colour throbbed under her pearl white akin, and th« breath came quick from her bright parted lips, and she seemed stragglingnottoobey the invit ing hands, the Isval rays of tawny light that'streamed on her from those compel ling eyes; but at last she moved slowly, with th* quiet languor of a somnam bulist, and passed 'to his side, placing her quivering hands in l»g p»)wi-i \- Yon are a tyrant most inexorable,' she said, softly, as he drew her close to him, and pressed her flushed face to his bra st. ' Yes, love; who would not be a tryrant to win* the sweet submission of this pure, gentle being?' ' You ' have queer names for the things; it seems to me. I would not call the results of your despotism win ning, eractty.' ' Then you have come against your will, and wish tn be set free ? Is that it, my little captive P Well, there, your bonds are loosed.' And heunf bided his glad arms from her but with that proverbial caprice of her sex, that has been, by some extremists, denominated'peEversity, she stayed. 'You won't go? Very well; now blame your own wilful self for all the future miseries of your long captivity ; and, furthermore, listen to your sen tence of imprisonment for life. The stern triumvirate — papa, mamma, and your tyrant — have this day decided your doom ; you are to be chaisted to your tyrant, after th* awful mode of mediaeval punishment, that fastened a murderer to the body of his victim, never to b* severed from it til] fate cat the pitiless links with the syctheof Death. Also there ii te be no reprieve of the sentence. 'Madam Grundy has been considered quite long enough, aad ere the Hay moan warns from her splendour, you are to be borne away to same ' lone isle of th« sea,* and abandon ed to ' your fate. Ah, you shiver with terror ; no wonder it is very dreadful but so was your crime, when you poison ed the aubliine repose of a philosopher, who believed trTmaaif invulnerable to -the witcheries of woman.' ' At least I am glad that I am not to suffer my captivity yonder,' saidKathe rine, ''??'g through the crimson veil of her blushes, as she pointed to t&e; castle. 0 But you are, through — after awhile. ?Whynotr' She shuddered faintly, remembering the dreadful past, and whispered— 'I have suffered ao much there.' ' Cause £the more why you shall be happy there. My own love, when I took this bruised heart into my 'hpTt^ to heal it-ef all its wounds, I swore to draw the string from every puncture made by the venomous fang of adverse tm^n fri my Aq.rtmg'm life— and SO I »tu».11 please heaven. And here, when* the shadows lay the darkest, shall you find that a great, pure love can shed a glory that Will ^FttJ***-^fa*- W£kr& mtvmnry of~- any mnlr*f— My triumph, would be but half complete if I could not with my love's sunshine scare all the ghosts from out those sorrow-haunted chambers.*' ' You are always right,' said Katha rine, tenderly and proudly, as she lifted up her face to meet the warm smile of her lover's lips. ' But you have for gotten to name another and the best reason why we shall live at Ashboume.' ' Aad what is that, swoet oracle ?** « Why, to teach th* county aristo crats that a stranger, and aa alien, may decorate, andnotprofane, the proud old hajUs of its amh aristocracy.'' Philip Lester smiled half contemp tuously as£he replied, stroking the dark waves of TTath«rine's hair— ' Why, my littieKatherine, {here are mere qusrterings on say ancestral shield than any Iredale of them all ever dream ed of. But for me.thed*ad past may bury its dead and welcome. Honour and virtue confer the only true nobility, aad th* rustedblazonry of heraldic signs but mock the crumpling rums of a house dilapidated and a manhood sunken and degenerate. Vain pride of birth and blood, without the vital strength of pure ambition and of valiant deeds, is quite as sad a spectacle as the grand old monarch of the forest, sappedasd rotten to its cote, leafless and dead, and nowhere verdant save where the weedy poisonous parasite clings round its naked branches. All that Philip Lester needs or wants of Ash boume, or of the world, jb here, close clasped upon his heard.' Softly the velvet dusk of twilight stole upon the happy lovers while they talked together of the summer-tune of joy fast budding into bloom for them. PalelT the hoijr stow throbbed tike radiant gems upon the wide breast of the cloudless ssy, and the sacred hush cf passionate content that only pure love can know spelled the rapt souls that caught in orery passing breeze an -echo from eternal Tj&radisg; of isuuoital love. Ere the May moon -erased, as Dr. Lester had threatened, Katherine's doom was fixed. One bright morning a dainty pearl gray figure, leaning on the doctor's arm, stood up before the surpliced preacher in the little church of Ash bourne, so near to the hallowed spot where Katherine first learned the secret of her heart, and sweetly mur mured happy vcvrs that made Philip Lester her fate for ever ; and then they sailed away towards the sunrise to pass the summer on the ' everlasting hills' of Switzerland and Italy — cor returned till just in time to lightjthe yule-fires in the vast chimney caverns of AEhboume Castle. The world of Wcstcombe mightily strained its arms to gather to its elite circles the proud master of the ancient castle, but somehow the doctor never seemed to appreciate to the lull its noble condescension. Always gentle, always kind, he remained always cola and reserved, save to those whose lov ing lord he was, and Katherine wonder ed many a day where all the goblins ef the dim, warm chambers had vanished to. To Mr. and Mra. Gordon, and 'the children,' Ashboume was the £1 Dorado * — golden in ail sense*. There was a new postmaster, too, in the room of poor Eeabon Grinwby, who, shortly after the trial, had moved away from Westcombe, and gone no man knew whither, and nose cared. The widow Howe had sold Prim Farm; and- taken her daughter's children with her to join some relatives in another county, and soon the bright waves of happier years closed over the dark story of the Iredale tragedy, and even the very name of that arrogant race seemed to have passed away, when the memory of him whom Katherine had ' Sworn, to Avenge' had taken its place among the shadows where all vain and useless things are lost. in the vast economy of Providence it is and must be ever true that ' only the good survives.' XHB SMB. 