CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT ALL . SAINTS' CHURCH. All Sitnts' Cnustcu was crowded lost Su^ diorniiifi;, when his Lord ship (bo Bishop of Newcatitle adminis tered the rite of confirmation-to 71 candidates, 45 girls, and 26 boys. The eervice, which was very impres sive, though somewhat long, com menced by tho singing of tho hymn, " O God, our help in ages past," after which the ltev. Canon Shaw read the prayers, and .the liev. A. E. G robhnui',. the lesson. Another hytnu, "Soldiers nf Christ arise," was then sung by the congregation, the candidates for con firmation remaining seated. Then .Canon Shaw read the exhortation, after which Mis Lordship addressed the candidates. Standing by the Lectern, and without any teir, ho apoko to thotn aiuiply, plainly, and earnestly : Hi* began by sayiug how many men there are who, looking back upon their past lives, would like, if it wero possiblb, to relive their lives. They could sco then how- many blunders and. mistakes they had made, and seeing them regretted them. It was one thing to regret them,, but after all, whoso fault wax it that things had gone; wrong? With whom was the blame to lie?? Surely, they had only thumselvc? to blame. . They could not accuse God of having made things go wrong with -thotn, for God's purpose was that they should be happy ; and thoy would havo been so, if at the outset of their livos thoy hud trusted God, and put themselves into Hie hands, instead of thinking 'that they knew everything themselves. And so, he warned; hie hearers, how riidch need thoro was of care at the outset of their career in life.. Using a find metaphor, he likened them to a fine ship leaving port, which had at tho beginning of her voyage to cross a dangerous bar. Cress that in nafoty, and tho" dangers ahead were fower. ' So with them, for it was the experience of mankind that most of tho fatal blunders which wrecked men's lives and futures were committed between the ages of 17 and 25\. That was the critical time of their lives—the time when they most needed help and guidance, bo tliut in after years thoy might not look back upon them with regret. Hero then woe one meaning of tho Confirmation Service, for in it God invited thorn to accept of His pilotage to lead them Bafe through life's dangers and temptations and guide thorn safely into tho haven of rest. That was tho meaning of the Couflrmutiou prayer, "Strengthen them, O Lord, with tho Holy Ghost the Comforter, ani daily increase in them Thy manifold gifts of grace; the spirit of wisdoin and understanding; the spirit of counsel and Ghostly strength; the spirit of knowlodgo and true Godliness." Strengthen them Mint they may indeed fulfil the vows which they had that day made/ The will to do so might bo theirs, but oftentimes their wills were weak, so then let God strongthen them and make thoir wills in harmony with His; and strengthen not only their wills, but aleo thoir affections. We had emotional natureH, and emotions could bo usoo , well or ill. Sβ let God strengthen their emotions that they might love nil good things ; that. their thoughts thereon might be pure and clear; and so loving good things, thoy could not but help doing thorn iu thoir everyday life. Once more, let God strengthen them in their,consciences, for conscience was tho monitor of our conduct. Just aa a watch wanted regulating from time to time in order to keep perfect time, so likewise did our consciences want regulating. In the contact with the world thoy wero apt to get out of repair, so let them usk God to regulate thorn that thev might become a euro moral guide. * And, finally, let God strongthen their intollegonces and understandings, so that they might grasp more fully aud completely the meaning of tho vow they were about to mako; thut, understanding, they might resolve to net up to thoir promise, and thus bncomo good mom here of Christ's Church. When the address, which was listened to with groat attention by all pro?etit, was ended, his Lordship put the usual question to each candidate. Another hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," having boon sung, tho Bishop then laid his hands upon each o£ the candidates as thoy were proecnted one by one by Canon Shaw. After tho Confirmation the Bishop agaiH addressed tho candidates. He said that that service was not tho ond, but only the boginuing of tbeir spiritual life. As seeds woro sown first of all in order that afterwards they might grow and briag forth fruit, so in that day's servicn seeds were sown which would nood a lifo time to develop ; and that fruit which it was destined to bring forth was charactor. Lifo was beforo them, in which they might, by using the proper meaus, mako their characters pure aud lovely. God had provided them with tho materials with which to do so: Thoy woro Prayer, the Heading or Scripture, the Services ot tho Church, the partaking of the sacraments, all of which were means to the end in view. Beside this God had given them His eifts for them to use, the gifts which thoy had that day received. Thosfe gifts wero given for use and not for show and for thorn to roach their highest devolopme.it; they must bo used every day. Lot them resolve there and then that the world should be the bottor for their having lived; and brighter for their having worked. Let tnem noMjeglect their gifts, and become, aealae ! too many had become in after life, perfectly useless. How many thero wero who, when thoy reached the age of 00 or 60, had done' nothing at "all except eet and drink and sleep and wear out clothe* ; men wlu had done nothing for themeolvM, .heir country, or their God; men who u were perfectly useless becauso they hail never tried to do anything; they had simply wasted away their lives, and then reproached the world because it valued them so littlo. But let not them bo like that; let them try to mal-e thoir liven ho useful, that when the call cauio for them to depart, they tvould bo missed, and their absence regretted. liet them remember, hie Lordship concluded, the work 61 the twelve Apostles, they, were only poor men, but they were devoted; they resolved to bo useful, -and what did. not the world owe to them? They only resolved' to be. faithful to their Lord, and witness for Him wherever they might bo,and when they p'nssod away into the Church triumphant they lett behind . them undying names,' eimply becauso they had dono what they, could. Thus living and thus doing, the memory of that day would nover fade; that confirmation service' would bo always before them inspiring them to nobler deeds and truer words, for it would always bring to thoir minds that it was on that day that they resolved to be Christ's faithful soldiers, and to fight manfully iu His ciiuho. . . ? . Then those who had been confirmed sang, by themselves feelingly, tho hymn " Oh Jesus, I' have promised to Rorvc Thee to the end." And another hymn having boon sung by the con gregation tho Bishop pronounced the Benediction, and brought the' service to an end. The largo choir, under'tho direction of Mr May, sang the various' hymns spiritedly, and materially helped to make the service lively and inspiring. , ? The girl candidates wero suitably dressed in white, with white caps, and the congregation were very atttentivo to the service, despite the intense heat. After service, confirmation | carde woro presented to the candidates by the Bcv. Canon Shaw. On Saturday the Bishop held a eervice at Mirannio, when 22 candi dates—lo boys and 12 girls—were confirmed. ? A confirmation service was hold at Broke on Monday, and wns attended by a large congregation, when there were 16 candidates —8 boys and 8 girls— to whom tho Sacremout of Holy Communion was. administered after confirmation. 