AMUSEMENTS. GAIETY THEATRE. The Surprise Party at the Gaiety Theatre produced a new programme on Saturday night. The first part consisted of the usual musical play, which was eminently successful, every item being encored. Miss Kate Clay and Miss Helen Gordon sang two pretty ballads, and the Faning sisters and Miss 'Nellie Marshall scored great successes in their serio-comic songs. The song " Marguerite" by Miss Shepherd was very sweetly sung, and was the best item of the whole programme. The corner men were as amusing as ever with their stump speeches and dialogues, and the first part of the programme concluded with an exceedingly laughable " Trip round the World," with a tableau under coloured light effects. The second part opened with Mr. Will Wallace's " Trick Horse," and his adventure with a steam engine, which was most vociferously encored. Miss Helen Gordon sang " Sovra 11 Sen" from the " Sonnambula," and the Faulug sisters received a triple encore for their song " Don't Lie Smile." Harry Carlton and Ted Sutton, who are a decided acquisi- tion to the strength of the company, rendered one of their amusing Irish sketches. Mr. Cunard gave an exceedingly clever reproduction of the now famous " Spook Trunk Mystery," under full gaslight. The trick was excellently performed, under the supervision of a committee chosen from the audience, who were evidently entirely at a loss to account, for the seeming miraculous introduction of the little girl into a locked and securely roped property trunk. Miss Nellie Marshall was again successful in her song " Shipmates and Messmate," and an excellent programme was concluded with a very amusing farce, " Edison's Telephone." The programme on Saturday, night was a distinct improvement on the previous ones, and stamps the present combina- tion as one of the best variety troupes that has visited Brisbane. " HAMLET." "Our Medical Friend" gave place at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to " Hamlet," with Mr. Walter Bentley by the Prince of Denmark. Mr. Bentley's thoughtful and consistent reading of the part entitled the performance to respectful consideration and a fair measure of approval. He has the physical attributes which go to make a successful Hamlet. His presence harmonises with popular ideas of the princely character. His representation of the part is a story rich in interest, and it does violence to none of the best histrionic traditions. A modern critic says, " It is difficult to call to mind any representation of 'Hamlet' which did not elicit an abundance of applause for its leading player ; the actor of ' Ham let' Is so helped by the nature of the speeches he is charged to deliver by the incidents in which he takes part as the central figure, by the support he receives of necessity from the other characters, even when these are but indifferently personated." Mr. Bentley was frequently and warmly applauded, and, Indeed, had he been adequately supported he would probably have succeeded in stirring the audience to enthusiasm. He was in truth but it- is differently supported, though there were instances of praiseworthy Individual effort to set off against the general weakness. .' Of Mr. Bentley's performance, bearing on the face of it patient study of the text, dignity and courtliness of demeanour, and withal undeniable artistic qualities, nothing suggests itself but praise. His speeches were ably delivered, and his soliloquies impressive, without being in any degree heavy or monotonous. Mr. Edwin Kelly's Polo has possessed some merit, though he perhaps brought the old man too near his dotage. Mr. F. W. Montague spoke the words put into the mouth of the ghost of Hamlet's father with a solemnity which added to the impressiveness. of the scene. Mr. Olly Deering was acceptable as the First Grave digger, while Mr. A. Boothman bore himself with some success as Claudius. King of Denmark. Mr. Orlando Daly appeared as Horatio, Mr. J. B. Atholwood as Laertes, Mr. Frank Crossly as Rosencrantz, and Mr. F. JO. Thomas as Gulldenstern. The mournful part of Ophelia was entrusted to Miss Minnie Brandon, who, It must be confessed, showed little aptitude for it. Her efforts were praiseworthy, but her task was too great. Miss Hilda Temple's elocutionary ability stood her in good stead in the part of the Queen, and her interpretation of the part was on the whole acceptable. "Hamlet" will be repeated this evening, and to-morrow " The Silence of Dean Maitland will be produced. 