MARK TWAIN. A CIVIC RECEPTION. About a score of gentlemen, including the Premier and Chief Secretary, members of the City Council, and others, accepted an invita- <*> tion to attend at the Mayor's Parlor on Mon- day afternoon for the purpose of meeting Mark Twain. After Mr. Clemens bad been introduced to the mayor and company by the American Consul (Mr. C. A Murphy), tiie Matob (Mr. C. Tucker) asked his guests to drink to the health of their illustrious friend, whose name was a household word throughout the colony. He trusted that Mr. ClemenB would enjoy his visit to the colony, and that before returning to his native land be would pay a second visit to Adelaide. The toast was heartily received. Mr. Clejtens said it was very gratifying to receive their welcome, which was built on the lines of all the hearty welcomes he had reoeived in Australia. He had bad the misfortune . since landing in Australia a few weeks ago to be shut up in rooms and hotels, and bo bad failed to see much of the outside aspects of Australia; but he bad had the happiness to get one or two little glimpses in South Australia. He hsd seen a portico of the beautiful city, and he had learnt that whs* he had read and what people had told him about it was correct. There was another feature of which he had been reminded, and that was, that in it there existed a system of city government which was honestly carried oat. They had some honest city governments in America—(hear; hear) —indeed they were the ruleL but everyone knew bow one fly in the amber —be bad never Been it, but he believed it all the same—always save the amber discredit. Where there was'one dis honest city government it quite naturally spread the reputation of the country aa being a country of dishonest government. But ha was not there _to sing' the praises or point out the defects'of bis country. He simply wished to say a little in apprecia tion of what he had seen in South Australia He had seen the hilly country from Aldgate to the city by road, and thought that surely if the rest of Australia or any email part wcra half so beautiful it was a fortunate country. He saw everything nnfamift-j. to his eye along tiie road except the ilibmb . He had seen grass before. ' (Ijaagntetl The trees, shrubs, plants, and flowers were all new, and they would have remained so hsd he not been accompanied by bis feUow-countni* mas, Mr. Murphy (the consul), -who, though knowing nothing whatever about them, de scribed every one accurately. (Laughter.) . That was a friendly office to perform. When-' one was a stranger in a strange land tin thing he wanted, hungered for, and longed lory was information about that country.-and he did not care whether it was correct or not, (Laughter.) All be wanted was informs, tion. He thanked them for the welcome, and asked them to drink to the health of the Mayor; < The'toast was acknowledged, and at the instigation of Councillor Johksoh the toast of the American Consul was honored. Mr. Mubiht replied. THE SECOND "AT HOME.* The man who holds the kejjs of laughter aad unlocks to wearied humanity the IreastlfS house of mirth is a public benefactor, and "the : simple epitaph " He inafe his fe?ow cre&uisB; smile" should - prove a mens lasting msoadriid than half the blazoned Records of beroio deeds that live in brass. Happily no one is anxioas to write tbe epitaph of America's Ktuatusl humorist Mane Twain, and hetoo would doubt less willingly be a party to ths indefinite post ponement of any such ceremonial. Apparently there is no limit to the number of people who having read his works are eager to come under the personal spell of the author of "The Inno cents Abroad, and the Theatre Royal on Monday night was filled to its utmost capacity by an audience anxious to do honor, to toe magician of the pen. For upwards of two hours tiie theatre echoed with meilimwi^ now with the pleasant murmur <rf the babWng brook, and anon with the louder roar nf the swelling river, while even the wearied press man, deprived by managerial success of his accustomed seat, took bis laughter standing; and joined with the rest in giving tbe lecture* hearty welcome. Starting with 1m little scheme for the regeneration of the human race ; by inciting them to commit even-prime known in or out of tiie decalogue, Mark Twain spin had his hearers in fits oi laughter over tbe story of the stolen water-melon, or Tom Sawyer's projected crniade in the Holy Laad. A lament for the decadence of the noble art at picturesque lying preceded the relation of die well-known story of the incorporated company of mead men who docked aa empfcyftt wages for Ices of time incurred while-bring, through the atmosphere after an aaadeint while the quaint narration of the contract undertaken by tbe blue jay nf San Jfaocssco,' though equally familiar, aroused rosn of laughter. Most of the Sowers of hmncroo?ed from tbe fields of his own books must hare been as eld friends to Mark Twain's andipiwuy but the manner of presenting them was new, and the fad tfiat the antfcr "was re-telling , his own stories added to them * peculiar scat. The pathos with which tbe recitifl of the sorrows of an old slave was invested, the quaint and incisive It"T'MV at the' diffiniltint attending early journalism in Nevada, and the dramatic intensity which tharaitfw uw'f the repetition of "Uncte DanTs Ghost Story" found ready recognition, and the iirihne of humorists made his final bow amid lead and continuous applause. The third Marie Twain "At Home" will be given this, evening, when . Saturday's programme' will be repeated, .* matinee bemgarmonnoed for Wednesday. 