The Dlffloulty. "PojBH t»Qvg piwwu?," he asked ah the dray office. "<?e rt»Wtor , ''Well, I want gee moved, but I unafraid ft nwbQ tog hard a job for 'yqu" .. "Treat us Jgr that, sir; what is your number P ' ff7H« Trumjatreef — but, you uuderatand the jMina.lii.afi, IMt PAicmO- Jfaffig, — — His IdeaL " yu behl fast to your Hnala P " hhe asked, " I would il' 1 imd a cliauco," he answered, softly. " You are wine." The Spur.. She:' You will have to work hard it you win her." The tfoet: I'll have to work harder if I dun V Useless; "See, 'Ilyer, here's a German dock I bought for yer in Now York." "Good gracious, Hiram ! how foolish. You know I can't understand a word of Gorman." Truthfulness Pays. Ho: "Do you dnwnceP" She (who has boon informed that he is a bore): "No." He: "Noither do T. Lot's spoud the erening just talking to eaoh other." — Zifo. Had All She Needed- He (after a long explanation as to why he loves her) : " In view of all this, Hibs Mario w — Es telle — I offer you iny hand." She : " Thank y >u, Mr. Boroly, but really the two I have are all I neod." The Tired Oyster. An oyster said to himself one night, At the start of a haaquet spread : " H-ra I'm at eoppor with these swell folks, When I'd rather be home in my bed." —Philadelphia Timet. Curious Term. The magician threw a teaoup into the air, and it cams down in fragments. Then he threw the fragments in the air, and the. cup came down whole. Now why should every one call him a suueorer P The Feline's Pate. Mrs. MoTerrigan : " Phwhat's become of O'Loarey's ouid yellow tom-cat?" Mra. O'Dooh-y: "I duono; but their daughther Molly is sportin' wan o' tliim new fashion mink boeys."— .Brooklyn Eagle. A Russian Joke. At a country ball. " My dear sir, you have just stepped on my partner's foot. 1 demand satisfaction." "Oh, coitainly yonder sits my wife— go and step on her foot." — Beterburgekaya Chueta. No Danger. "There is ono thing I dread," remarked JohnBon, "and that is a prom- ature burial." "Don't worry about that," replied Brown. " The thing is impossible ; th.'re's no danger of your boing buried loo boob," Two Dialects. Miss Brownstone (at tho rooeption): " Let us again converse in French, Count." The Count: "I zlialt be moat happy to comply. Er — shall ve talk in your French or in iny Frenoh ? "—Chicago Eeiot, A Lakeside Success. "I hear you took tho West by storm." " "Well, I should say ro. Why. the first time I got on a cablo-car half the men offored their scats, the 01 her half tried to pay my fare, the conductor gave me a pa«s, and the motor-man came in and proposed to me." Preparatory Dlsolpllne. "No, I'll not marry. I think I'll be come a Sister of Charity." " You don't know what that means." "Don't IP Haven't 1 sat up with you every night from eight to one for three months P " In for It. Gamin (on discovering his teacher in a perilous position) Hey, Jimmy, wut's de matter wid yer ? Yeralosin'de chance of yer lifetime I Hero's de teuoher. wot kep' us both in yesterday, gone clean through tho ice ! Ain't die a puddin' P " He Hoped Not. She : " Oh, yes, mamma and I have mnoh the Barao tastes. Do jou think I am like my mother?" He (an old widower): "I hope not. Your mother rejected me twonty-four years ago." A Domestic Paradox. A queerish thing about our hired irirl, Who got upye8tor morn and went away: Though very tightly laced, this kitehen ponrl Was just tho kind of girl that wouldn't stay. By the Roadside. i' irst; tramp : I say, pare, nor . ye any money ?" Second tramp: "Nary rod. i'n: nothiu' but a bloomin' — wotdoya c«ll it? — a chrysnntbomnm." First Tramp : " Wot yer mean?" Second Tramp : "Hain't got ascent." , w He Got There. The tendency of adventures to grow with every repetition is amusingly illustrated by an incident told of a regain socially eminent young man rerontly returned fiotu his travels. ".So our friend B— wont to the top of - Bluno," said ono arquaintaora of his to' mother. " Not at all," was tho reply. " But bo said so." continued the foimer Bp-»ker, somewhat indignantly. " True ; bat two months ago, when he re turned, be said ha bad been to the luot of Moat lilanc. Sinco ihuu ho lias gradually lied binteulf to the top." It Frightened Him. Landlord: "Good morning, .sir hope you enjoyed a goud night's rest, sirP" Traveller : " Yoj, thanks, pretty fair." Landlord : " Saw nothing of the ghost that is said to apper-. Vrom time to time iu tho room you occupied P" Tea veil r: "Ah, yes, I did though." Landlord: "And how did you get' rid of tho intruder ?" Traveller : " 1 offered him a glas-t of your wine, when ho vauishod with a gesture of supreme disgust," Landlord; "Oh I Ah! Well, I never 1 Familien-Wochtyblatt, Hard on Watson. Dinks : "Did you hear about Watson's whiskers? " Jinks : "No; what was it? " Binks : " Why, they looked so homely that all tho neighbours signed a petition asking Wat sou, as a mater of public policy to shave them off" Jinks: "Well, did be do it?" Binks: ''Yes, he did it." Jinks ; " Well, what then ? " Binks : " Why, the very next day the neighbours piqned a petition asking Watson, as a matter of puhlio policy, to lot tucra grow again."— Homorvitle Journal, The Last Resort. "Is this Mine, Pompom?" broathloasly inquired a man who had climbed sovrrul filgh's of stairs and beon admitted iu-o a durkened parlour, " It i-," roplied the stately personage whom ho addressod. "The famuus clairvoyant and fortune teller ? " "The samo." " Do you read the mind?' "With perfect case." "Can you foyetoll tho futuro?" "The future holds no mjatorica that I cannot unravel," "Con you unfold the past?" "The re cord of all things past is to me at) open book ' ' Then," said the caller, feverishly, taking from hie pocket a handful of stiver, "1 wish you would tell me what- it is ihat my wife wanted uie to brjng home without fail this cvoniiig/' and name your price, Money ia no object!1' — Chicago IVitwuo. Their Duty ae Ptteaepgeri). : . A cpftaun town in the north of Yo'kshjre is qieciited with an omnibus that carries fifst, Becgpd, and- third class passengers. As the seats are a!) alike, the traveller w mystified, hut not for vry long Midway of the route the gihnfbnB stops at the foot of a long, steep bill, and tho guard ahguts : " First-okas passengers, keep yoqr ecptq, Second-class passengers, get out and k. LTiurd- Qlaaa>£aflBej(ger3gotcut;andjBg»;.> 