Enticing Ghost Story. S-pTTtTTTT AT.TSTH and Mahatmas gener- ally-if there aro any still in exis- tence - have every reason to be dissatisfied with the abrupt termina- tion put by Harry Gregory, of New Southgate, to as enticing a ghost story as was ever invented. It con- tained all the elements of success a nervous landlady, some credulous believers, and an audacious servant girl named Alice Clark, aged 15. She was in the service of Mr. Henry Birch, of Stanhope-street, New South- gate, and under her auspices the kitchen windows began to break in a mysterious manner. " Oh, lor, ma'am," she used to say after a crash," "there's them ghosts at it agin ; whatever shall we do," and the repetition of this refrain became so constant that Mrs. Birch fell into a state of nervous prostration, and the house rapidly gained the reputation in the neighbourhood of being haunted. Alice Clark all the time preserved a remarkable equanimity. The breakages became so frequent that watch was set over the kitchen windows. During those periods the ghosts were the pink of propriety, and lay as quiet as if they were in the mountains of Thibet; but the momentthesurveillance was removed panes were smashed as before. One day Harry Gregory was put on guard, and he says he saw Alice Clark deliberately take a stone and smash the window, and as soon as she noticed him she remarked, " There's another on em gone.* "Yes, you little imp," replied the watchman, "and you broke it." It was eminently disrespectful to call a ghost, especi- ally when materialised in the form of a servant girl, a limb of the Evil One, and it was not, therefore, sur- prising that Alice replied that the truth was not in him. This did not prevent her being brought before the magistrate at Highgate, when she pleaded that she only threw the one that the observant Gregory saw. Her father said Alice had behaved very badly to hiru, and offered to replace the broken panes, and the bench adjourned the case for a week until this should be done. Neverthe- less, it is a pity that such a beautiful psychological romance should have so prosaic a termination. 