[?] At the meeting: of two ways In a country district of France &n;_old bent "woifiali, In a long', grey, hooded cloak, was stumbling along. Capt. Latoon pulled his panting horseto its haunches that 'of the" witch In the jsWies, was! raised to his — a vestige of a woman, a hag. "The way to Yille de Louis, my good woman?" ' - "A shrivelled hand half raised itself from the grey cloak, shov.-ing that it bore a bundle of boughs; the face was more malevolent; the -eyes deep and-j dashing out of their faded pupils. "Ah, my fine officer," these seemed to say, "you would know, you shall no:— yoii who have ruined our crops, our homes. What matters whether French or German, do you not stand for the v:av which destroys?" As a matter of fact the woman said nothing, only turned away after that glance. "The \lrgins and the saints! I might as well ask a deaf mute. Which? The right or the left?" With characteristic recklessness he risked the left-hand road. The twilight deepened, his eyes closed, his legs fell languidly over the flank? of his stead, and this devastated region of the Loire faded from his sight. Again it was Paris, gay and beauiiftsh Again Pleasure held the alluring cup. And where were the estates in XuV- mandy! An abyss of debt yawned be fore the last Count Latoon. A lunge forward, downward, and the rider was rising from the dust, wide awake, while the bay horse rolled over, with twitching muscles following a con vulsive tremor of the limbs. Looking, about, a flickering light caught his eye. Approaching, he so v. that the light came from the second story of a rambling stone dwelling. He pushed the door farther cn its creaking hinges and entered. There were half-filled wine-glasses, a half dozen chairs hastily pushed hack. Something strangely like a wail led him to drop a mouthful. Desperation and the wish to find some guide, food, or a place to vest had justi fied his intrusion; but now all centred in a devouring curiosity. "With his hand on a pistol he stole toward the mysterious door, which he flung open. "Pardon me, but I am seeking a guidx This must pardon the intrusion." said Capt. Latoon. Blinded by a sudden glare from tbrt candle in a tall brazen candlestick, he first became aware of a glove on the polished floor, and beside it a little rid ing whip. Then lie saw a high-posted bedstwl with the curtains drawn back, and a slim, graceful figure in a blun ridia?; habit stretched over something that Hy motionless on Die counterpane. How lorg he remained there he could not have told. A movement of the grieving woman caused a revulsion, and he realised that lie was an intruder. He stepped backward, his spur clanking, to close the door on this scene which Ills presence profaned. Turning about on his heel. Latoon saw a tall young woman, her blue costume failing in folds that revealed a graceful figure. "Mademoiselle, pardon my clumsy in trusion, I am Felix Latoon. Count d Latoon in Xormandy. and a captain of the Hussars. J lost my way. and being without a horse— mine fell dead of ex haustion a half hour ago— I came to wards the nearest light — yours. I could make no one hear; X thought th.? piaoo deserted." "Tour intrusion is pardonable." sh interrupted, a weariness of the world showing in her voice. "They are all gone— fled or deserted — except we three," and she pointed to the figure on Die counterpane. "Mademoiselle," interrupted Felix, bowing low, "J trust you may deem me a gentleman. As one I would proffer yon my service." "M. Latoon, as you call yourself, h?, there— so still, so terrible, O, so terrible— is my father. Y'e were fleeing from the Germans and we became separated, my father, our servant and I. from tho others. As best we could — he was sud denly stricken sick — the man and 1 took my father here to this house, your dwel ling, perhaps, which we found aban doned. Our servant went to search for some one, for a doctor. He hardly was gone when my father was taken as you see him now, so still! so horrible!" With a sob she threw herself beside her dead. Felix closed the door softly on this sorrowing woman. This was not the same Fc-lix Latoon who had sounded'the brazen knocker of the dwelling; no longer did the shadows seem to harbor some ghostly mystery, for he had seen the real fact of death and suffering. Felix had discovered something more and of deeper import than all of his philosophy. Latoon went about the empty rooms, which were full of chill and musty smells. He discovered another candle in the dining-room, a bottle of wine, and the fuel. Might she not be fearful of him? Had his explanation been enough? So he questioned as he knocked timidly. "Mademoiselle," said Latoon humbly, before her sorrow, "I will watch for you, if you can rest. I have prepared the next room for you as best I could. It will be as well for you If you can rest." 'Ah, sir, but I cannot. My dead is here. I will stay with him until my friends come." "If you will trust me," lie began again, gently. "Would you not better try to rest? I will watch for you. You will find the morrow hard enough, and can I -not prevail on you to prepare for it as best you may?" Beaching the door, she turned gravely to him: "X will accept your kindness; for I can but—. I must trust you." The candle sputtered and flickered. The watcher fell into a vague drowse. He thought he was In Normandy, and Pedro, the hound, was lying at his feet, while a little dried old woman, his mo ther's maid, told him ghost stories. One of the narratives was his own recent ex perience. "And the house vanished utterly," went on Annette's Quivering tone. Or was it Annette? Was It not the old grey woman he had met at tlie cross roads? But she faded, and lie was at a great .ball- In Paris.--- He could distin guish the faces, the chatter of voices, the inflections, the scent of roses. "Bali, women are dolls, playthings, sawdust marionettes, ah, ah!" Bolsboy, the clever Bolsboy, was saying. . Felix then noticed a sweet, charming. ;sad lace, a graceful figure, turned to wards hiim Boisboy's sneer was hideous. That fair face grave Bolsboy the lie, and he hadslapped Lis friend's smiling face. The music crashed. They grappled. The .whole ballroom a glare of facesr-and— "Monsieur!" . The sleeper sprang up, shaking the stiffness from his . limbs, rubbing the sleep from his heavy eyes. A man 4fessed:afl a priest was shaking Latoon tiy the shoulders. "M. Latoon,. you have fallen asleep wl£h earinesi." J v/The phantoms of the night" were gone. The figure on the counterpane had lost Its welrdness. Latoon bowed to the cler gyman, as becomes a devout believer. "Father, 1 was tired, and I must have slept." " "A 'great man died last night, M. La toon; ilie last, save one, of a noble name." He leaned toward the silent figure on the bed. "Monsieur— Capt. Latoon, the bereaved young lady has told me of your good service. Monsieur, I would thank you for the family of the Dulce, and lor her, the mourner." Felix bowed, saddened, for he thought suddenly he might never see again the young lady whom fortune had cast in hie path only to snatch away. "Capt. Latoon. you are in haste to re sume your journey. A horse and guide are at the door to carry you to the army of the Loire.." Aud Capt. Latoon. sa;v in these ur bane accents a polite dismissal. "May I not bid good- bye to the young lady?" "She commissioned me to express her gratitude." "Yes, I will not disturb the mourner. I will take up my journey," assented Felix. A few years later Coi. Latoon, fresh from service in Algiers, cniight a glimpse of a face in a carriage on the Avenue 0.u Bois uu Boulogne. "V.'ho may that lady be?" lie asked of his compani'Ui. "Do vou not know? Ah. you have been in Algiers. Mile. Claire do Chan- tillon." put Latoon knew that charming fae\ which could belong to only one person in Die world. He managed in some way lo meet her. and they who know the story deeDre that through the adventure of a night on impoverished Count of Normandy, a colonel from Algiers, won, over many suitors, the richest heiress of France. — -New York News." 