MODERN GHOSTS AND SPIRITUALISM, LAST LECTURE BY THE REV. H, R. II A WE IS. The simple soul who believes in "occult- Ism" in the Bible and denies its existence In the world, if such an one was at tho School of Arts last night, had a particularly bad time of it. For, whatever else Mr. Ilaweis was in doubt about, he was per fectly satisfied that the testimony in favor of the up-to-date miracle was ut least as good us that in favor of the miracle of, say, two or three thousand years ago. Personally, Mr. Ilaweis has never seen a ghost — not that lie seems to have exercised much forethought in keeping out of the way of apparitions, but that the ghosts ap pear to have studiously avoided him. On tlie other hand, however, he knows uo end of people who. like Mr. Justice Windeyer, have seen ghosts, or. at least, appearances which it Is "impossible to account for by any of the known laws of nature, as at pre sent. understood;" and it was thus. In tho experience of other persous, that the lec turer found the pabulum for his final dis sertation. Oddly enough, nobody appeared to havo an inkling at the beginning of the leeturo what the rev. gentleman's views on the subject were. He had announced that It would be "an impartial review," and this, of course, furnished equal justification to believers and sceptics alike to look forward to a defence of their own particular theories. In point of fact, it soon became evident on which side the lecturer's inclinations lay. Mr. Ilaweis has faith, but his faith is of a rather discri minating order. That is to say. whilst ad mitting that lie has never been on friendly terms with materialised spirits, aud whilst maintaining a judicious silence on the point, if he has made any successful ex cursions at. all into the world of occultism, he is evidently tempted to place a good deal of reliance upon the testimony of some of those who have. Many of the eminent witnesses whom he put into tin? box did duty before Sydney audiences when Mrs. Besant was lecturing here. Others wore personal friends of his own; and all of them were, of course, ladies and gentle men of high repute. Generally speaking, Mr. Ilaweis seems to havo been influenced more by the voluminous persistency of tho evidence than because of its detailed accu racy. Since the world begun, people have believed in ghosts, and. therefore, on tho whole. It is uot more probable that there are ghosts than that there are not ghosts. That is, in a groat measure, his position. At the same time, as already hinted, Mr. Ilaweis has collected from various sources, including a great many personal friends, an admirable repertoire of ghost stories. Here Is one of them. An Eng lish lady of good position, (and "in tensely mediumislie") was wintering in Italy. An intimate friend was at the time in Loudon. The little son of the first lady, looking up from his books ono day, exclaimed: "Oh, mother! there's Mrs. So-and-So." "Nonsense!" exclaimed mam ma. "Mrs. So-and-Su Is at home In Lon don." "Oh! but I saw her," persisted tho boy. "A moment ago she was leaning over the back of your chair, and now she's gone." It Is hardly necessary to relate the sequel. The lady In Rome, of course, made an entry in her diary, tbe lady In London was communicated with, and, even tually, it was discovered that, at the mo- menl tho apparition was sunning itself be neath Italian skies, the owner of the ap parition was engaged in animated conversa tion about the health of her absent friend. Or, to give another sample. Miss was going to a ball; it was her first ball; she was thrilled with pleasant, anticipations — so full of the subject, indeed, that upon retiring to rest on tlie previous evening she hung her ball dress on tbe bedpost that it might be the last tiling she saw at night, and the first thing she caught sight of in tho morning. During the night, however, her grandfather appeared beside the festive garment, and warned her that she would not wear that dress at the ball, but that instead she would bo dressed In black for him. In due time, of course, the postmnn or the telegraph boy, or somebody else, arrived with the news of the death of this voumr lady's grandfath er. Truly, a most remarkable coincidence! and on the strength of it and others like it one can only say, with Mr. Jlawois, thut if tho "facts" are really facts, then there must indeed be ghosts abroad. Tlie lec turer concluded his address by throwing a number of "spirit photographs" upon tho screen. Of those productions, however, it is only necessary to say that the ones whoso genuineness the lecturer was most inclined io vouch for were no more remarkable than iho shadowy appearanees born ot defective slides, and responsible for so much bad lan guage on the- part or most amateur photo graphers. and that the rest looked unfor tunately like impostures. In Justice to Mr. Ilaweis, ii should be said that he told all the stories for what they were wort.li, and, seeing that the Incidents had not corno within his own experience, left bis hearers to believe or disbelieve them at their plea- 