THDE GHOSTS OIF CLOTH.E& iMr. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjutwe, relats srmei of his epertirneas to a w?iter i t1t '+English Illstratted Mgirnei ":--" Aprk from mere objective illmion," he aye, "upper it o, rsist only iU igsoidoih. Tbe g .rt proef of this i,? ie quretirnof o Jeibe. f. a..tril appermd like me of the *hem %- e.,"appa?er+tly an the nude, one mr|bhe - ouited. to believe in thoir relity. br ei"el wie ths Arpt to eeggeet this objertrotat~loou 4 )wort.55o. In uS V egoud sitssioa with "er. Dentmio Coleina.,. oad, . " Tie 1sih of rsh iuisiis,'· a ery toe, ssmiablheie d d cenotlasn. He was deamribig n smc~a be hid atended sad whre a lady taw colheiritel her gedfather. sl. hsad sena Neo him in ert-t-hIe hut reoginoad him frm_ somnotins. Tr ?t i appearmed ift perisel -t.-?eree spsh ., , at with gitfi but es.m 'Then,' r mid "theh lady net onl maw the spiriat of her g-anbfatr, hut also te ptothi~Lpre cat and gilt hasttoee" io. -?o?,l loote4 at me with ratber? eltderd' p-seoo. I eottieued, Delyoo ei.bsf.-_ mthttbhere it se athlsthe ths piri o wtatI ,tto. mid he,* Iosalbtcilhhahu thtie s soeot for the ppemraone of the dolbmel. tlJl wrsrl'sk the Ispir.is ' Thid'lsentieoabl lo mue altterwenrde that he badd sblu 'tEl I os,, thaenk r.ootm. E . ?tiogaasom maeemober,-wasa eeeyl.papnlo,,oiiiite't?h.sh timei.o mu th o tihst -heo areqto-xt'nwoi tohve persed l . ers 40d l a?no te inbo -ope?et. libe w salioe aloprnt who war ld betha. casled Mse. oppg from BsII'?- .?sd to~ Lamh'a Cona~teltrsisot, nod ·Ltwalieeze1 t of thias' spkri which sent e Rb.ert S-h ehirhtd Mr. ('tmao's qooat.slfnt sense1 ti,,e.? but be persisted tino bwlegt a. esowe ?adostl a she repied,' Wy. oi o LmW,.rw seeahlre the clothen oot ofeutaitaais tmosphere.' Thidwsu a reerbly s, lihf .as ?sntmlrin to Lhe Bptritlhie, but evret meet oredulods members of the ISolet. Ito Ysyhicl seaseob annot et prsssstb iObw to thephoet of a sia of' boerebe?t ' t. soeld. they woeld at oner -aoapt s mar atosy as a aptotnl wisalatite. ninuold impostor, tIdme BlIavaa h ,-tolt ide oerw this diffulty t lby ueaiir l tUh , tt ther is n' atal brdoril - ththas mristed. Sothtre moa be an.~ meserpoat, an asostnl thy geOsehere-im.· hot ee atral worldsade aiIn l unleee 