RELIGIOUS SERVICES. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH:- The Rev. A. B. Rofe preached last evening on "Prayer and Law,” taking as his text, Luke 18 h chap- ter 1st verse, "Men ought always to pray and not to faint." He spoke of the unrest that is felt upon this subject in the minds of many persons, and of the tendency of modern Agnosticism to throw doubt upon the efficacy of prayer. It was claimed that if God worked through fixed laws it was impossible for the prayer or even caprice of individuals to effect the operation of God’s laws. Science urged that tho necessity for miracles had passed, if thev ever occurred, and that prayer answered in a world of low necessarily implied a 'miracle. After a visitation of cholera some 40 years since, a deputation urged tbo Prime .Minister to advise tho Queen to proclaim a national fast and day of prayer to- avert a recurrence of tho ' plague. Lord Palmerston refused, arguing that it was no use’ praying when tho cleaolfncsss of the streets and houses was not observed. Although tho reply was a shock,people came to understand its real wisdom, and to learn that no appeal to tho supernatural could be expected to secure what might be obtained by natural- causes. It would be remembered what a great stir was made some years since, when Bishop Moor- house questioned the utility of prayer for rain when, as he explained, it was simply a ques- tion of conservation of the annual rainfall which was more than sufficient' for tho wants of the colony. And yet tbo present irrigation trusts in tbo northern portions of tho colony were the best testimony to tbo practical wls- dom of his utterance. Reference was made to Professor Tyndall’s challenge to the re ligious world to erect a prayer ward to a hospital and compare the results obtained there with tho other wards. But, said the preacher, God would not consent to be bound. to satisfy the demands of any man who at tempted to " seek a sign from heaven.” It was said that prayer for physical and personal , benefit was really answered, if at all,, by tbo attitude it ensured on tbo part 1 of tho person praying. But, however, Ibis be in the case of the individual, it, entirely failed to account for the fact of inter cessory prayer, with its claim to answer. Tho answer might coma hi tho form of a suggos-. tion to the mind ofa doctor .attending a sick person to modify or pursue his treatment. Still, this was again bordering • .upon tho miraculous, which science rejected. Tho fact was that only to a certain extent could law bo , «aid to be fixed in proportion to our know ledge, because what were called natural laws had continually lo be modified or extended in the light of new discovery cr closer examina tion. Christ had instituted prayer, bad Him" eolf prayed, -had promised that such petitions t&ouid; bo answered, and bad loft on record a { form which was known as the Lord’s prayor. I 'But at what an immense height above tho mere grovelling after special physical bless ings might bo judged by the pure, lofty air pvhiob surrounded His petitions.. The prayers 4f£ro spiritual because they had 1 grown above ttbe wolfish into tho intercessory, and the men , whoso petitions wore being answered" to-day Wl ;ro the Jfioodys and others whoso whole ■entbC ,0 ' a8,tt went out to tho helpless and ifaiiion. Snob prayer had power with God bo cause it tv,* 48 on 1,10 l‘ nos °f Hie old biblical teaching ahv 1 the whole burden of its petition was that He wO uld extend His kingdom. This was where the pt> wc , r °f o ra y e *' lay, and such requests would surety ho answered, because they wore first and ? n lino of God s infinite purpose of love xO mankind. Forest Street Church.—Tbo Rev J. A. Osborno yesterday morning preached from Ads, 4lh chapter, 13th flUQ versos; “Now when they saw the boldness of Polor and John, and perceived Hint they were un learned and ignorant men, ole." Ho opened by-remarking that professing Christians now adays often astonished tbo enemies of Christ, bub unfortunately it was moro often by thoir inconsistent lives and erratic living than by their consistency and boldness. In this case it was not by -Choir timidity but by their boldness and foaiiloasness that Peter and John astonished >tho gathering. The preacher then ■drew a tolling -comparison of tbo dignified conclave of 'learned men who composed the Sanhedrim, with (ho two illiterate fishermen who stood before them to be tried on a very serious obarge. Peter’s groat hit was pointed out when ho told thorn boldly that it was in tho name of tho man whom they had' despised and crucified that tho lame man had boon healed, and “ the slono which'you'builders rejected had become tho head of the corner. It was no wondor that they were astonished and marvelled. Tbo secret was that they had boon ■ with Jesus Christ, and wore filled with- the Holy Ghost. Christianity, Instead of having a cramping and narrowing effect, had a Wonderful way of ■oniargtag and enabling tbo intellectual facul ties. There were hundreds of examples _ of-, this fool, two eery prominent cases being those of Banyan opa William Carey, who but for the grace of God in their hearts, would have died unknown. The boldness of the two disciples was also partly t)io result of unselfishness. They wore unlike many people who wo so anxious to be thought well of that. they Keep back the things which are unplea sant, but true. On tho contrary, Peter re gardless of cost, spoke tbo truth from tbo shoulder, Then again to give them more courage they bad tbo tangible evidence of fact. The healed cripple was also an interested j wpeotntor to the scone, and though they might; have boon floored by argument, yot (hero was the actual proof stronger :tban any wordy argument. Tho immensity for a firm grip of |bo truth and ;a ; good hold of facts was obvious. There should be no wavering but a , promptness •vibiioh .would overcome opposition, j Th'oy had ' always tClio healed mao amongst; them-the druiilcord made sober ; tho cruel husband mads sfciod ; the swqarors made puro mo'ut-faetl—ull healed by tbo power of religion. j Instead xitf -using .wordy arguments against' ■atheists’they should Ask them to produce any ’ good- results which their othoigih had brought absu£. In-conclusion ho urged them to cul tivate ■ -holy boldness in tho Lord's service, and rocrivo bis blessing in return i fJx. Pa-OE’S Church. —The Rev. W.C, Sad Her preached yesterday morning from Isaiah 45th Chapter 5t!i verse* v I sin tho Lord; and there there is none else, there i* po God beside mo; I girded thee, though thou hast not known so®;* Tho doctrine of tho text, said tho proapher, was that of organism. When wo consider how wonderful man is constructed, wO'QaiWibl help thinking that/tbo intelligence ■ cf the Creator must bp -moro wonderful, and the question naturally presents itself to us «s lo wborn do we belong?, Td.lfiis quostion there is only onb answer—either wo belong lo God or wa do not;-tbcro is no g a between. Things in this world only belong to us fom porarily. When wp lmvn, Jived and accumu lated add got a home around us wo say ibis is our bomb. Wo die, -and it does not belong to m. A mother may havo a non, and say Ibis is my son, 81m die?, and he dees mob belong do her. Not so w.ith God. God has produced ' our souls; nnd,ha« rt.plaun on.it. We are not our /own tfor wo are (bought with. a price. Our cauls arc produced for u purpose,; and wo arc to labor in tiid.vineyard of pur Lord. Christ fis itho wine, and ws are ■the branches. If we ars separated (from .Christ wo eon do nothing, 1 There is a ,n»o Christ .oannat do without us. l|o sends His: goodness iund .mercy to punt us down. The ■whole world is oonnppted wifb harmony,- Ho snakes-us iiiseful and gives us strength lo over came tbo struggles .of life, gives uo victory over all trouble. Sr, PKpBR’a, Eaolbhaiv^—Tho -annual harvest thanksgiving "services were celebrated yesterday. The cnoroh was tastefully deco rated with fruits, flowers, and cereals. The Rev C, A- Bfowpf preached morning nnj (■evening. The choir rendered special music, the solo “Consider tho lilies” being excel" Senliy given by Miss Reid. 