LECTURE AT FRANK STON . -4- The Rev. E. I. Watkin, - D.D., gave his varied and interesting lecture, en titled '" Odds' ind' Ends, or Scraps from My ~Note- book," in the Frank sto-n Wesloyan "Church on Monday evening last; thelattendance being very good.. The chair.was occupied by the Rer. E.. Taylor, the Rev. A. Macfar lane, the incumbent of St. Paul's Church .of Engiaid, Frankston, being also present- on the 'platform. The lecturer. divided his subject into four parts, between each of.the parts .solos, orchestral music, and chorus singing being very nicely picely rendered. The two solos sang--one by Mrs. John Thompson, "The Holy City," and the other by Miss :.:Renouf, a very sweet song-were two ,special features of the evening.. The orchestral pieces were played softly, with very pleasing leffect, r)4,li ,e tinin¢Jý-. the choir showed -t at correctuess' ' a,?_ is-uuy-atainea - by careful practiq?euid the due obser vance of.light?.au sehade in the soft and forte parts, each part being brought out with striking perfection. The rev. doctor devoted the first part of his lecture to a description of the names and places, and the history that behind them, on this'side of the bay along the peninsula, describing the impressions of tue early colonists who first set foot upon these shores, and 'the second part, under the heading of "jYounag Aus tralians, and what will they be," showed that they possessed a type of lcharacter active and sharp, and capable of great tlinugs-either good or bad. The emu and the kangaroo, which con stitute the emblems of our coat of arms, are remarkable for their small ness of ;brain and actvi.iy of foot, and the lecturer cautioned young Aus tralians not to sacrifice intellectual culture for recreative pastimes, lest they shauld at last. only resemble the i emu and the kangaroo in their final achievement. In the next part a de scription wai given of 4he increasing love of the people for the beautiful, showing by their general appreciation of the flowers,- change in dress, and various other things, that we are no longer pleased with the plain and un artistic customs of the past, but are ever developing new and better tastes, and showing- that, if the same trans formation takes place ii 'our love for the beautiful in character, how the world would improve, and, lastly, what is the future likely to be ? One of the early explorers of this colony gave it the name of "IThe Australia of the Holy Ghost," and a later explorer gave it the name of."Australia' Felix" or "'Australia the Happy." A vivid and elaborate peroration brought the lec ture to a close, in which the possibiltjes of this grand. southern continent were fully 'set out, and-that Australia the happy would be realised in proportion it --was "-made -'"The'". Australia of the Holy Ghost." The REV. . A P:I M'PARLAE in inoving a vote of thankr to the:lecturer and the choir, made a very neat and interesting speech, which evidently had underlying it a kindly and friendly feeling, which the meeting appreciated, and the hope was expressed of seeing Mr. M'Farlane often on their platform. Mr. W. Cnooks, of Mornington, seconded the vote or thanks, in his usual quiet, but charming style, after which the meeting closed with the doxology and benediction. 