Hr W. L. .'u.nKN- irf “Tin: Ii.i.kt:. I 14 Vou eaw that tall chap standing on the [ rear platform of the express when she [ went through hero this morning ‘L ” said the Jericho station-master. “ He's I tho Athcnsviile Baptist preacher, and he’s , I on his way to Chicago to give his testimony ! in the great divorce suit. What! I never told you about any divorce suit? Well! ! you surprise me ; for that there divorce Buit 1 is juBt tho biggest thing of the kind we have t ever had in this section of tho country. “ That Baptist preacher hasn’t anything J to do with it except to ewear that he married j the plaintiff and the defendant. There’s ^ nothing crooked about tho Rev. Mr ( Humphreys. He’s as good as they j [make ’em, though X say it my seif ; I and I don’t think much of Baptists as & general thing, ha vine been brought up a Methodist, though I resigned 1 from them when 1 was made tv conductor, j which is a berth that a mail can't do any- ] ! thing with unless he can swear a blue streak ] wiuui tho occasion arises. 1 ! "Thishyer preacher took charge of Athens- 1 ! v:l!•> Baptist Church a matter of five ! years ago, and being a wonderful man for 1 managing a church, ami making it aitruc- 1 live to tho general public, it wasn’t long before he had the largest congregation of any preacher in tho place. That year the people built him a new church twice ns big as the old one. It stands on the hill about a mile out of Athensvillu, for when it was built it was cul’lated that the town wonld prow in that direction, which somehow it hasn't done. “ X tell this just to show what an enter prising man the parson was. He insisted cn having tho tallest stceplo to his now church that could be found anywhere in Montana territory, and b’gosh ! lie cot it. People used to come from miles away to climb up in that steeple and see the view. There wasn’t any view to speak of, tho country being too hilly in these parts to have much &conery;, but for all that people were anxious to suy that they had been to the top of the steeple. “There was au old maid in Mr Humph rey’s congregation who was moro determined to not married than any woman you ovor flaw. .nV£T.\\.y**UfkiigtrrouH sort they are. Miss Pay son, which was tliis lady’s name, was bound to marry a young man by tho narao of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and well-behaved a chap as there was in all Athonsville. Of course, be didn’t have tho least idea of marrying the woman, i but he was one of those good-tempered chaps that arc always afraid to say no when a woman asks tnem to do anything. Good temper is the ruin of lots of foiks. It s kept me down, I know that. If I’d been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows that never does a kind action* if be can help it, I should have been superintendent of this road in stead of being only a station-master atone of the smallest stations in tho Territory. Never you bo too good-tempered. Of the two, it ruins more men. than whisky. “ One day, Miss Payson she get3 young Halsey to take her up in the fiteeple of the Baptist Church. You see, visitors were al ways going up t!iat steeplo between the hours ot ten and five, during which the sexton stayed at the church to attend to things, and see that everybody conducted themselves as they should. At o o’clock ho locked up the door that led to tho steeple, and then he locked np the church door and went home for Alisa Pay son aud her young man went tho steeple about three o’clock tho afternoon, but she H&id; she joyed it so much that Halsey was j vailed upon to stay there with her a good al later than ho had intended to stay. She pt him pointing out all the houses in the ,vn and every hill and valley in the whole ighborhnod ; and when she finally asked n to look at his watch and tell her the no, she was, as f,ho pretended, dread 11 v alarmed to find that it was half-past e. Halsey rau down the stairs and found at the door was locked, and nobody was thin hearing. Tho sexton had forgotten i% there was anyone up the steeple and had deed up and gone homo at five o clock, us util. Halsey came back and told Miss Pay - n, who burst into tears, and said that her re itatieu was ruined. She and Halsey would ,ve to spend the night in the steeple, unless t was willing to iump out of the window d break his neck, and she would rather aie thousand times than let him do that. “Halsey was considerably scared himself, r ho saw that, unless bo could inront me way of getting Miss Payson out that steeple, - ho would have to marry her aether ho wanted to or not. __ He thought e matter over for a while, Misa Pay son coping her level best, and resting >r head in a forgetful ^ sort of ay on his shoulder. Finally r. •ight idea struck him. There was the bell ,pe, which was a stout onc-mcfi manilla. TUy hborddn’l he lower Miss Payson to the round with it, and then slide down it him “ He explained hia plan to the lady, but 2 didn’t seem to like it. She said she was 6uro 3 ropo would break, or that he would drop or that she would be killed in somo^ort way if tho experiment was tried. ‘ Fo,’ jrs eke, * X will remain here, and trust to ur honor as a gentleman to defend me nu the sneers of tho heartless world. I illy haveu’c the courage to_ allow you to vet ms down tiiis awful height with any 1 “Halsey wouldn’t hear to her objections, aud argued with her along time. It wasn t . until ha accidentally mentioned that the ■ steeple was just chock full of mice, and rats, i and bats, and such that Miss Payson con i gented to try tho rope. Even then dho was a mighty dissatisfied woman, and came very' ■ near resolving that she would take the risx or ; the wild animals rather than Icso suc.i a nrct i class chance of capturing a desirable husband. Halsey rigged up a sort of seat ror the r woman, so" that sbo could sit in the : bight of the rope, with lashings around t her here and there, and couldn’t fall our if she wanted to. Then he got her to Bland \ on the window ledge, und lowered away. ) Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at^ first and i begged Halsey to let her come back aud die [ close to him, but he wasn’t going to huyo \ any woman dying around his neck if he knew \- himself. So he lowered her down gently 3 and easily, encouraging her all the time, 3 till he found that hi3 rope had coine to an cad. It wnsn’t finite as lent? as lie hz&' supposed that it viw, and ihu upshot was that there wiifl «.vlisB Payson about thirty feet from Ine ground, with no possible way of reaflhins it unless HaUcy should 1st go hit* hold of tho rope. “ Ho thought of lotting go of it, but, being B humane, jrood-tempsred mac, r.s I have paid, he couldn't bring himself to do it, since the result would have been that either Mi-s PavBon would have been killed or at least most of her limbs would have been broken. Soho made tho end of t tie rope fast to ubcani? and called out to Mibb Pay .-on not to lost* courage, and lie would soon think of some way of getting her out of tho difiicuUy. She begged him to draw hor up again, and he actually tried to do it, knowing all the while what the consequences would be if he succeeded ; but he found that ho didn’t have the ticcas pury strength. Alisa Payson was heavier than she looked to bo, though she v/a? mostly bones ; but she was a good seventy-live fees below him and it would have taken two men. of his strength to hitvo hoisted her into tho steeple again. lie pulled at. the rope till ho was pretty near exhausted, lor ho natur ally felt a' little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he wasn’t strong enough to do. However, ^ he had to come to it at last, and tell her that if it \ was to save both their lives ho couldn’t manage to pull her back into thosteople. So eho settled down to ory, and he Bottled down to smoke a pipe, with a view to clearing his «» x\\\\\ of a sudden he saw what he ought lo do, and wondered that he had been such an idiot a» not to have *eon it bclore. There wau the boll just above his head, and all ho had. to do was to climb up and ring it by swinging tho olapper from j*ido to side, till tbo alarm should britiLr back the sexton wfth the keys. By this timo it way getting rather dark, and Halsey fes to work at that bell, and kept on lolling it slow and regular, for that was the only way ho could manage to “It’s tho custom with us to toll tho bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on the beli ns tho deceased had lived years. Whets Halsey began to toll that bell the Athens villc people listened to find out how old tho deceased had been. When the strokes had got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in tho town must have died very sudden, ior h© Imd been seen drunk as usual and in perfect health that afternoon as late as throe o’clock. But the bell kept on, and soon, after it had tolled gome two hundred and fifty times, and showed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that tho sexton had juet happaned to hear about tho death of Methuselah, and was notifyingother people of the fact. “ You may ask why didn’t somebody go to the church and find out what tho bell was ringing for. Well, for one thing it was just supper time, and nobody felt anxious to take n walk of a mile or two just at that hour. Then, too, it hud been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wasn’t any general de* sire to interfere with ghosts in case they should have taken a notion to toll tho bell. The tolling kept on till Hahoy had tolled the hell four hundred times, and then tho Rev. Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot; and when he heard Miss Rays on’s voice some where in the air ovor his beau, ho was con siderably startled, thouch not being a b* lierer in ghosts ho wasn’t the least bit fright “ ‘How on earth did you come up there, ma’am V* asks tho^ Minister. * And what are you tolling tho bell for? ’ “ Alisa Payson explained what was the matter. She said that she and Air Halsey had come to the church in tho afternoon cal dating to find tho parson there, and to got married ; that not finding him they had gone into tho steeple to see tho view and had acci dentally been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minutes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Air Hum phreys would marry her to Air Halsey with out another minute's delay, and so save hor ronutation. svon if it didn’tnayoliprUav.a l>* StATWdovia ground beiore marrying her, but she said that eho must be married before flho could dare to face any of her townsmen. Such, sho said, were also dear Mr Halsey’s views ; and if Mr Humphreys had the feelings of a man and a (’hrintiau, let alone a Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage sot vice. “Mr Humphrey* finally consented, and called out to Halsey to _ nod when lie should see tho minister ware his riiiht arm, that being the only way in which Halsey could make the responses, seeing as his Voice didn’t fairly reach to the ground. Having arranged this satis factorily, as bethought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he had Miss P&yaon; married to Mr Halsey. Juet then the sexton came up with tho keys and knowing where ho could lay his hand on fi length of rope, he took it up into tho steepla with him, and bent it on to the bell rope. Then he and Air Halsey lowered Miea Ray son to tho ground, and came down tho stairs together. •• * You’ll find your wife waiting for you in the graveyard,’ eaid Air Humphreys to Mr Halsey. ‘ She’s naturally a littlo excited, and she’s resting on a fiat tombstone.’ “ ‘If you mean Alisa Payson,' save Halsey, ‘I can’t understand why you call her my 11 ‘ I call her your wife/ Baid the minister, * because I have just married you two, and I don’t allow no man to question the binding character of any marriage that I have a hand ‘“Married ua!’ cried Halsoy. ‘When and where ? This is the first timo I haTO heard of it.’ “‘Young man/ says the parson, tnis hyer’s a serious subject, and I don’t ap prove of jokes orf either weddings or funerals. AIis3 Payson told rao when she was swingin'! there iu tho air that you and she wanted to bo married the worst way, and^so I married you. Ir there is any mistake I’m not to blame. I’ve done my best as minister of the Gospel, and if you don’t like it you can go to the Divorce Court and see if you can get it altered. I tell you candidly that I dou’t believe any court will listen to you, for my marriages are ironclad and bullet , proof every time, and worth a good eight more than fire dollars that I’m waiting for you to pay me. M "Well, Halsey went home pretty “ad ; without waiting to see Mia* Payson, and tho • very next day ho bocina & suit tor divorce, . That’s the great divorce suit 1 was telling t you about when I pointed out the Rev. Mr * Humphreys to you. It’s been dragging l along for four years. Sometimes it’s ; decided in favor of Halsey, and sometimes in l favor of Alisa Payson, and then it’s always appealed, and has to be tried over again. » Miss Payson, she sticks to it that Halsoy \- had agreed to marry her, and that he under stood porfectly well everything the paraonaaid t whUo tho ceremony was going on. The panon 0 Saya that Halsey nodded as was agr&ed; upon ■) when ho asked him if he toOK Alisa Payson to t be his wedded wife, and all that sort of ’ thin fir, and that Halsoy had hold of tho rope 3 that was tied to Alisa Payson, which was all ■> the same as having hold of her hand. On tho [ other hand, Halsoy swears that he never > menus to marry the woman, and never knew \- that a marriage ceremony was being gone through, but that ho just nodded out. of friendliness when ho saw tho parson waving 1 his hand at him. The evidence, as you can a see, is pretty straight against him, and when hs does happen to jot a verdict it costs him a ! powerful lot of money, for our jurymen are ; mighty honest and high-toned, and it takes \- v. good deal of money to induce them to seo £ things in a light favorable to Halsey. I’m in . terested in the case becaueo of ita importance, for if tho courts finally decide that a man can 3 ije married to a woman when ho is 75ft above Q her, and don’t know what ih going 1 on, none of us is safo; and first you know f that some woman that is rushing through I hero on the express will be married to me while I am selling tickets in my office, and 1 knowing no more about it thau a child un a hung. Well, there is no use in sitting and j dreading dangers that may never coma to 7 lime, and I suppose that if it’s a man a fate c to be married he’s got to knock under, and , J there’s no good iu worrying himself over it i till the time comes.35 