A Strange Friendship CHAPTER XVIII. Alan's Story. I have been to Melbourne, and havo failed in what I undertook to do. I wjrite this at Fernyhurst, on tho even ing of my return home : and I have not yet had time to learn anything that may have happened in my absence. I have not been able to ascertain anything about Richard and Violet, After steadily ar.d persistently follow ing up my inquiries for several weeks, with my own only too familiar know ledge of Richard's tastes and habits as a. guide, I am presuaded that they are not at present in Melbourne at all. Somewhere in Australia they may be —most probably they are ; but it Is useless to attempt to trace them farther. ' So I have come back to Fernyhurst to wait patiently for events. My old experience assures mo that Richard will only stay away as long as his money lasts. When that is exhausted , he will be sure to como to me. I was puzzled at first as to how he had obtained his funds for this esca pade, until I discovered that ho had tampered with the lock of my desk, and helped himself to a few hundred pounds in notes. If that were the only mischief he had succeeded in it could be easily passed over ; but the fellow is a cur at heart, and makes misery wherever he goes. I have heard nothing all this time of. Dolly, and, as I cannot easily go over there to- night, I think I will invite Mrs. Barton into the sitting-room for half an hour, and try if I can discover from her gossip whether anything of importance has happened in my ab sence. # « Mrs. Barton has been and gone again. She tells mo that Somerset's affairs are reported to be in a bad way, that they have dismissed their maid-servant, and that Miss Dorothea is said to be wasting away with all the bard work she undertakes. " The bonnie lassie has grown that pale and thin I would not have known her," she said, " only her face is as sweet as ever. But she looks like the shadow of what she did when she was here two or three months ago." " Hero !" said I, in amazement. And then she told me of what I had not known before — Dolly's visit to her in the autumn to thank her for tho fruit and flowers from the garden. I only wished I had happened to be at home on that particular day. Since Mrs. Barton went away. I have been walking up and down the room in restless bitterness at the crooked ness of things in this world. " The times are out of joint " truly with me: to-night. Here am I, with wealth accumulating every day, and there is Dolly working herself to death - a few miles off ; and I daresay sho would not let mo- give her even .a pair of .gloves if I tried. j3he spoke with icy coldness to me the last time I saw her. Ah, well, I must endeavor to be patient'and'to remem ber my old favorite lines- — . Wait ; my faith is large in time; And that which shapes it to some perfect . . eDd, . < I think on the whole it is well thiit Richard is not Within my roach to night. I am quite sure that there would be hot words, perhaps more than words, between us two. Thinking of all the entanglements which his in famous rascality has caused makes me mad to-night. It is well he is away. . There is, another subject of uneasi- ness"pressin'g heavily upoli my mind. I feel persuaded that Somerset's house has been built upon far too low an elevation, and too near to the oreek. The winter so far has been, though cold, unusually dry. Should we now, however, enter upon a change of weather, and have a flood of any real violence, I shudder to think of what might happen. In any ense I feel I cannot lc-avo this neighborhood at prosent. I must rouiain here and watch the courso of events, and .be ready to render assistance in case any thing should happen. As for Dolly, I must and will win her. sooner or. later; and carry her off' for my own especial care and keeping. I register the vow here. Dolly, you shall marry me I In spite of all that has happened I will .take, no denial ; but I will have you before long for my wife. CHATTER XIX. Dolly's, Story. Just in the depth of the dreary winter : that happened which I had hoped and prayed for all along — 'Ac last, in the gloamin', Kilmeny cam' hame," One wild stormy afternoon, as I was lighting the lamp and getting dinner ready for Harry, who had not yet pome in, tho kitchen door opened softly, and Violet stepped across the threshold. I did not feel surprised — only car ried away with tho excitement of the moment. I think'I had always been expecting this. I took her quietly by tho hand, and led her like a child into my own room, placed her on tho bed, and kissed her. It was like the old times come back again, for I was always accustomed to wait upon Violet. She pub up one hand, and gently patted my cheek. " Little Dolly," she said, softly, " are you glad to see me ?" On her finger was her wedding-ring, also a plain gold guard. Sho was dressed exactly as she had been on. the day when she disappeared — the same black-and-white camlet dress, tho same long grey waterproof cloak. For a moment i could have fancied that the whole blank space whioli lay between then and now had been a dream y hut the wedding-ring, and the fact that all her clothes were soiled and damp arid travel- worn, checked . all such imagin ings. She had none of the fresh' dainty neatness about her which used to distinguish all the details of her cos tume, however plain it might be ; and her pretty hair, instead of beirig elaborately arranged as formerly, was tucked quite out of sight in a close black silk net. I saw all this almost at a giance, and then I awoke suddenly to the necessity of telling Kate before Harry came in. I hurried into the sitting- rooin, and with my arms round Kate's neck whispered the news into her ear. She started up with a cry. " Where is she ?" she said. When I told her sho ran. to my room and caught Violet in her arms ; nnd we all cried together in a manner which would have alarmed anyone who had unexpectedly entered on the scene. Then I lit a candle, and we saw how thin and changed Violet had grown. Her blue ey6s- were as pretty as ever, but the deep hollows beneath thorn were mournful to see ; her beauty — oh, Violet ! — was the faded ghost of the past. Sho must have walked a great deal, for her boots were cut to pieces, and her poor feet were covered with sores. I got warm water and bathed them, and we tied them up with soft linen, and put her on a pair of Harry's slippers. I brought in a tray, with tea and bread-and-butter, and ohe ate- like a starved creature. Then she lay down on the bed again and closed .her eyes. She had spoken very little, ;,'orily ; answering a few ordinary questions: about her journey, the last part of' which she said sho had managed on , foot. It . was evident that she' was utterly worn out. I got a warm bath ready arid coaxed her to let me undress her, andbrithe her, arid put her to : bed. She sub mitted languidly to everything I .pro-, posed ; she was too exhausted to have any will of her own. And, 'oh ! what' a pleasure' it was to me to wait upon Violet once more. While I was doing all this we heard. Harry come in, and Kate, with little Fred in her arms, ran off to break the news to him. . I do riot know how she managed to tell' hirn, or what lie said at first ; but, when Violet was lying quietly at last in her little white bed, with her yollow hair falling over the pillow, Kate came to tho'door and asked leave for Harry to come in. , . "Yes, yes !" said Violet, eagerly, and held out-both her hands. The next moment Harry was kissing her just as if nothing had ever come between them, quite forgetting that he had vowed she should never again cross his threshold. His anger had vanished in a moment like a dream in the night. But still I thought his manner somewhat strange. Ho said a few kind words to her, but asked no ques tions, and in a minute or two -had left the room again, A littlo while afterwards, hearing some slight sound in the verandah, I looked out, nnd saw Harry actually crying. Ho caught me by one hand, and grasped it hard. " Dolly," he said, " try not to grieve. Violet has come homo only to die?" His words endod with a sob. He dropped my hand, and went out into the dark night ; and I stood where he left me, trying to hope that he was riiistaken. I said to myself that Violet was overwrought at present ; in the morn ing light wo should see a great change for the bettor, after she had had a good night's rest. In my heart I resolved that it should go hard but I would nurse her back to health. But when tho morning came wo seemed to see tho change in her only tho more plainly. Was it Violet, or only her spirit, that had come back to us after all ? The day after Alan came back from Melbourne he rode over to see us. I saw him in Kate's presence Jfor a few minutes, and we told him that Violet had returned. Aftor ho had risen to go away he lingered, looking at me for a brief while, but in the silence there was a faint call for " Dolly" from the next roote, and I hastened back to my charge. Could I leave her now in her helplessness for any temptation what ever? But every day Alan sent to inquire after Violet, or came himself. Ho used to writo little notes, very formal and polite, bogging our acceptance of a few comforts for the invalid, and remind ing us that ho might almost claim as a right to bo allowed to do anything in his power for her pleasure. Tho comforts were endless. From new music to cold turkeys, jellies, and blanc- manges, what did they not comprise ? Mrs. Barton. was, we know, an ex perienced cook ; and, if Alan's sitting- room was plainly furnished, tho same could not bo said of his dinner-table. Violet used to smile when she saw the things. " He is very fond of you, Dolly," she said — " Richard told me so." And Kato wickedly added — v " He is determined that Dolly shall not forget him." CHAPTER XX, Dolly's Stop.y. Violet never got any stronger. Rest could not restore her, for weariness and weakness had penetrated to the foundation of her life. But she rallied enough to talk to me at times ; and little by little we pieced together the sad story of her life. There is an unutterably plaintive song of Mrs. Browning's with the re frain, " For now the spinning is all done." I never think of what my sister told me without some of those, lines floating up into my mind — Bnt leave tho wheel out very plain, That he, when passing in the sun; May see the spinning ia all done. Violet's spinning was all done. Her life,- with the joy of it, the - gladness and; the- '.usefulness that .might: have been, was all over, and it- was the work of the riia'ri who said he loved her.' He did love her,' as I learnt after wards, but it was a love which' did not g'ather the flower to wear it ten derly and loyally, .but tore it up by the roots. - - He had persuaded her to leave home with him,' telling her that she should write' as soon as sho reached Mel bourne, arid relieve our minds. This promise lie would not afterwards allow her to avail herself of. The police were on his track, and he kne w it. Tho man whose body was afterwards found was waiting for him by the creek in the way which Violet and he were obliged to pass to gqt off unobserved. There was a struggle ; and whether the man was pushed into the water or slipped on the bank and fell in; Violet did not know. She shud dered whenever she spoke of -this scene. ' " Richard assured me," she said, " that the man could swim, and wa3 in no real danger. He said to . linger was to lose our only chance, and dragged me from the spot to where tho horses he had procured were waiting. In tho confusion I must have dropped my locket, but I did not miss it for some time afterwards. " My guilty secret haunted ' me wherever we went, and I felt like a murderer for .not having raised an alarm when I Baw the water close over the man's face, but Richard would not allow me to Bpeak of it to him. It did not seem to trouble his conscience at all, and at last I could do nothing but try to put it out of my mind. . " I did. not know then all the reasons that had led Richard to leave England, and assume the disguise iri which I first met him. He told mo many different stories at different times,, but at last I pieced the truth together out of them, . and from that time my only hope and longing was to crime home to you all, ' . V Oh, Dolly,. I thought I was going to be - so happy when I went awav with him'; 'and 'instead, of that I was so wretched. We were married before wo sailed for Melbourne — you never doubted that, did you ? Ho had pro mised me'eyery kind of pleasure arid amusement I could' wish for : and you know I was always a silly girl, and used to. long for more fine dresses and trinkets than Harry could afford to let me have. But I have learnt now, that treasures such as those don't mako ono happy after all. Moth and rust may corrupt them, or thieves break through and steal, You were always far wiser than I, Dolly, and you learnt that long before I did. "Richard lavished everything upon me, but, in spite of it all, I was very miserable ; and then my health gave way. 1" had an illness, and Richard began to leave me a great deal to myself. " Then I made up my mind as I lay alone, with no one to comfort me, that I would manage somehow to got back to you, Dolly. You would not havo left ine in that way. No one loves me like you do, and it seems I can't do without you when I'm away. " I used to be haunted by a dream about you in those clays. I thought I was standing by tho side of the creok, and I heard you calling to me ; I tried to answer, but always a faco — that face — rose to the surface of tho water, and at tho sight of it I was dumb. I often woke crying bitterly. "At last I formed a plan in my mind. I dared not let Richard know anything about it. I got together all the dresses and pretty things he had given me, and sold them one by one and hid the money. Then, ono day when ho was out, I left a littlo note for him and ran nway, " Ho may como after mo, but I hope not. And indeed I think he will scarcely daro to venture in this neigh borhood again. Besides tho danger from the police, ho is afraid of Alan ; and, if there is ono human being in the world whom ho respects, it is his half- brother. " So now, Dolly, kiss me. I don't mind about anything now that I have got back to you agaiu and you are taking) bare /of mo just like old I times. I riever was a very kind sister j to you; but I' think I sha'n D trouble i you much.'longer, and I know you will forgive yorir Violet overvthing." Slie spoko softly from timo to time of the journey — a different ono from that to Melbourne — that lay boforo her — not often again of her husband ; he had passed from tier mind with the sfn arid the misery that had surrounded him. Together we went over tho old hymns wo had learnt as children, and I read to her those parts of the Biblo which she asked foV. It was a dear old Bible, a joint possession of Violet's and mine, left by our dying mother to her two little daughters We had gorio back again to the old days of. .our childhood. Wo were all in all to e'ach other then, and we were all in all now. The world outside Violet's. sick room faded from us, and grew dim and shadowy to both. At last there came a morning when we were all gathered together in the presence of Violet — Harry and Kate and I. This, time we knew where she was going,' and that the parting was just at hand. The grey change was on her face. I had her in my arms. Softly- then there passed " Love's last words atween us twain." "Don't forgot me, Dolly— promise that." .1 promised! " Tell Harry to forgive me, and poor Kate." She forgot that they w ere standing by her-bedside.. She loRt her hold of everyone but me. She clung to me to the last. "Dolly." " Yes, Violet." "We shall 'be so happy when you come. I know it now.- Don't cry. The master sees it is better for mo to go first. ... Those were the last words upon nay sister's lips. She faded softly away as I held her in my arms. Someone came quietly to the side of the bed and put his arm round me. It Was Alan. Harryi on the. other side, laid Violet gently down, and then I knew that she was gone — Gone for a moment,' my love- tirom thia room into, the next. I too ahaUgb in 'a moment; what time have I to bo vexed ? ''CHAPTER XXI. \- - ." Dolly's Story. It was wild weather the day they buried' Violet.' All the desolation- and dreariness of the- winter had cul minated at last. Storms of rain fell at shbrt intervals. It was as if buckets of water were emptied upon the roof, and the damp chillnecs of the atmosphere seemed to penetrate to our bones. ' Kate begged hard to go, in spite of the weather, to the funeral, and Harry at last consented. The diflioulty was to know what to do with me. I was not well enough for the long drive, and they did' not like to leave me quite alone. At last it was settled that Mrs. M'Leod, the wife of Harry's shepherd, and a very good respectable woman; should be asked to come over and Keep riie company during the day, arid Kate and Harry were to roturn as early as possible. Little Fred, well wrapped up, went with his mamma. I was so utterly exhausted with all that I had lately gone through that I lay all day, in a half-conscious state, upon the sofa, and Mrs. M'Leod had only to keep the fire in and bring me some tea and chicken broth from time to time. I never got up to look out of the window ; if I had I might have grown uneasy at the state of the weather, for in the afternoon the creek began to rise very rapidly. As the day darkened to a close Mrs. M'Leod began to " weary," as tho Scotch say, after her baby, which she : had left in her husband's charge, and, as it seemed unlikely that Kate and : Harry could be detained much longer, : I readily consented to her returning ' home. She offered to send her hus band over shortly to see if I was all right. I was left quite alone in the house. The consciousness that I Was alone and dependent upon myself for every thing made me shake off a little of my languor. I trot up, and, going to the window, looked out. The prospect outside was very dis couraging. The sky was of a monoto nous leaden color, the creek was very high. Tho thought suddenly occurred to mo, suppose Harry should be pre vented, by the sudden rising of one of the creeks between us and the town, from getting home at all that night ? I felt my heart beat ; the thought of a night quite alone in tho house in such weather was not very agreeable. I tried to pun tho fancy out of my mind, and began walking slowly about tho room. I might have been bidding the contents of it farewell, for it was farewell, though I was not conscious of it at the time. Through those rooms, as they then stood, neither I nor any one else was over to walk again. I stooped and brushed a little dust oil Violet's piano.' There were so many things scattered about the house which reminded me of her. I did not enter her room — I had not tho heart to do it then ; and so I never saw it any more. It passed out of existence with her to whom it had belonged. But I wont into my own room and into Kate's, and looked at myself for the last time in Kate's large toilet- glass, meeting the reflection of a pale face, seeming whiter than ever as it appeared above a deep black dress, with eyes that had but lately wept, I turned away from myself as from a stranger, and noticed, as I remembered afterwards, all tho littlo trifles lying scattered on the toilet- table. The baby's coral and bells lay tliero, and a pair of his small socks ; some pretty bottles of Bohe mian glass holding eau-de-Cologne and rose-water, a pincushion with muslin frills laid o.ver a pink lining. Beside all those there was a small photograph of Violet, taken when she was a child in short frocks, with long golden curls falling over her shoulders. Kate had been crying over it that morning, and had laid it down the last thing before she went away. I' took the littlo portrait up and kept it in my hand. I have it now. That and one other treasure were the only things I rescued from the doomed houso. The other was tho little Bible which iriy mother had long ago given to Violet and myself. It had our names and hers traced on the fly-leaf in a faint shadowy handwriting, Be tween the leaves I had traced a long tress of Violet's hair, Cut off as she lay peaceful and beautiful once more in death. I laid the photograph by the aide of the hair, closed the little book and placed it in my pocket. That action of mine explains the cause of its pre servation when everything else was lost. I fancied I heard a noise at the back of the house, and, hastening to one of the windows, I looked out, hoping that Harry at all events had come home. But I could see no . ono ; naught was visible but tho increasing waste of waters ; and I could hear nothing but the steady beat of the rain upon the roof. Tho kitchen fire was burning red and the kettle was boiling. Our favo rite cat was purring on the hearth. She was a kind of companion to me then — better than none at all ; so I made myself somo tea and drank it sitting by her side. After that I lit the lamp, and went back again to the sofa in the sitting- room, to wait as patiently as I could and try not to be afraid. If you think me faint hearted remember that I was at tliat time for from strong. As I lay there I became certain that some noise, other than the patter of the rain upon the roof, had broken the stillness, but whether it was in the house or outside I could not deter mine. I became somewhat alarmed. Presently there came upon me a sharp sadden consciousness that I was not ulone in the house ; and, as I lay there listening intently, a man's figure emerged from the gloom of the hall and stood for a moment framed in the doorway of the room. I knew tho face immediately, though when last I- had sebD it it had assumed a very different appearance from that which it wore now. But it was the same bold, bad face now as then — bolder and harder and more defiant than ever now thatitwasunsoftened by its feminine disguise — the face of the only person in the world whom I both feared and disliked, whom I looked upon as an enemy. Remeiriber all that had come to my knowledge of this man's past actions, and then it will be clear that it was not the pleasantest situation in the world to find myself shut in alone at -night in the desolate house with Richard Carewe.' (to be concluded. ) 