Death: from Suffocation. Tminrnnano, Monday.-A minor named Martin IKeating was found to-day at the Burra lying dead in a water race, containing about 2in. of water. It is supposed that the man must have been seized with a fit, and having ftiolon faceo downwards wam smothered. Tile deceaved, a manm of 60, had been fooichking two years in this district with ona NeilM?e'lgh. About £23 in notes was found on the body.. Keating had a sister in a Melbourno convent. A roturn prepared by the Chief Inspector of Stock sbhowsl that the autumn lamblig avorago was only 604 per cent..for the whole colony, while the winter lambiong averaged only 30 per oent. These num bers oridenoe a doorease of 20 and and ,40 per cent. respectively on last year's ]ambinga. A minute has beanu submitted bythe Chief Inspector of Stuck to the Ministor for Mines and Agriculture in regard to rcdwater or tick fever amongst cattle in Queensland. Mr. Bruce recommends that the Queeonsland Government should be asked what stops are being taken to prevent the disease spread ing; also, whether a close inspection of cattle travelling southward is made by competent men. Unless satisfactory assurance is received on these points he considers that it will be necessary to place offectiverestrictione upon the introdulction of cattle from the Northern colony. Extensive bush fires have broken out in the MIount Victoria district. Kiandra is also enveloped in smoke from fires in its vicinity. During last month the output of coal from Illawarra exceeded by over 5000 tons the output for any month this year. The tdtal quantity wae 60,349 tons. On Monday night burglars entered the post and telegraph office at Terrra, but only obtained 29s. It is estimated that the damage caused by Satur day's firo at Coolgardie amounted to £25,000. The property was not insured. During the fire a sprctutor was shot in the leg, presumably from a loaded rifle in one of the burning btildlngs. Masons and carpenters are in great demand at Coelgardio. The former are earning £4 10s per week, and the latter £4t. Moss Vola, M]onday.-The death is announced of Mr. Alexander Osborne, of Moss Vale und Kangaroo Valley a large holder of rilch farming and other tands, and widely respected. Thie Congregational Ministorial Fraternal Assooia tion has entered a protest against gamnbling prinoi pally referriog to lotteries in connection with landed estates and friendly societies' demonstrations. It is stated by a represontative enmeber of the Loglslative Couneil that the Asoemsly has not "tise ghost of a chaneo" to got an exemnption from the land tax conceded bh the Upper Clhamber. Yass, Maonday.-The proceeds of thle Plresbyterian flower show and fancy fair amounted to £70. Mr. Jergor was amongst those who suffored by the demolition or partial demolition of their build ings by thie fire at Coolgardio. A Boowen telegram states that a yuon girl 14 years of ago, daughter of Mr. David Meurphsy, of Solina Creek, has been burned to death while stteompting to eetinguish a bush fire. Miohael t'Manus, a tanner,.had his head crushed in a leather press at Meunday's tanonry, Geolong, and ho was tasen out dead. On Monday the revenoue returns for the past week weore publilshed, showing a decrease as compared sith the corresponding week last year of £11,020. Tho totdal rveonue received was £1l2,490. From the beginning of the finan?cial year in July last the not inoreasue hals dwindled down to £26,152. A disastrous tire occurred in the Southern Cross (W.A) railway goods sheds, whichl, with their con bets, rvore destroyed. The damago is estimated at pveerde of £30,000. On Sunday tho Bishop of Grafton and Armidale preached at Moreo on " Socialism. " EC-o said Hocialism and Christianity both taught the resaponsi bhilitia of rich men, an\ t.hat thoy weo only stewards of wealth. Itis vc roard'd t a oertainty that the fortheoming Lar\est will boe the ligtest over reaped in Viotoria. Shoal dry weather continuo a weeko or two logecr it will takeo some growers all their time to got their seed back, On Monday the sailing boat Vivid capsized in MIoroton Bay, and a young man namcd Georgo riaulklor is supposed to havoe bcon drowned. On Monday tho now bridge over thl tIurrom. bidgco at Waiga was openeood by the Minister for Worke. The Mayoress ohristonod it the Hatmapt~ Bridge. Its total cost was £13,200. Genorol Booth returned to Briabana from Gympio on Sunday, and has loft '?. p.iwioh on route to Sydney. Spoakinl ..t Nborih Sydnoey on Mtonday night )aloc-Oonnral Iuttou said that a cophplto schemelo for joiut federal aotion in defenco of Austnllin in oaso of energency had been submitted, and it a war scare happened they had a schemo to meet ib. Owing to the drought, in Qouueoland ditli?olty is boinri expericncod at thie sMonut Morgan mine in regard to the supply of watoe. 