SENSATIONS. "DHOIX" AT w u u n o o BAY. I. (By Snapdhaqon.) The public mind just now is veiy much absorbed ia the Income Tax, Cricket, and Ghosts, the latter, I think, being most popular. Not to be behind your " ghostly" contemporaries, I will tell yon of one (founded on fact) whose pranks eansed no little sensation a few years back. It is not a Victorian one—but first saw the " night" at Wallaroo, in South Australia. A short description of this seaport town, the residence of the sprite, may not bo out of place. Although it commanded a good deal of attention at the time of the copper boom, and things were a bit lively at the smelting works and on the jetty when any of the black fleet were in the bay, the town was tather a dull place on the whole. The railway from Moonta ran down a wide and shallow ravine—a sort of glen and terminated itself at the smelting furnaces on the heights that overlooked the bay, and the town was built on the rising ground on either side.of the jkJUA. -If, All'tlw. houses had been put side by side *in one street or .avenne a respectable looking town might have Been the result, but the very opposite course had been pursued. A few shops in a line, terrace fashion, some 800 or 400 yards from the line on the Kadina side, and then the architects and builders had suddenly taken a new idea and had gone a few chains further back and perpetrated another terrace. Three or four tiers of such like buildings, and the large and solitary Cornucopia Hotel out on the flat constituted Wallaroo proper. The places of busiuess were all well tenanted and fairly well supported. A street or lane that had been formed at the rear in the direction of the bush was almost ignored, for the only places in it were the " Wallaroo Times" office at the one corner, Mat Lowther's Traveller's Rest Hotel in the centra, and the Ohurch of England cemetery at the extreme end. The church stood in the centre of the grounds, in the midst of shady trees, marble and granite tombstones, and other memorials of the dead. The entire grounds were surrounded by a . low stone v?all, oao side of which came nearly flush up to the kitchen door of the hotel. " It was doubtless a strange taste to engage in hotel-keeping there, and Mat the landlord was often in low water. The other part of the town was on the opposite side of the railway, and consisted of four or five shops and an imposing looking hotel at the corner. From the door of this hotel. two roads diverged. The one to the left led up to Church Hill, where the hospital, some places of worship, .and - a few privato •dwellings overlooked the glorions bay. The other took you down to the jetty or on to the smelting works. The jetty was a long one, heading far out into deep water, and on warm moonlight nights became a .much frequented promenade for all classes—more especially thejentiffl£flt^4«ide^i<}iumauity, •' the' ^ T f a t r s e x T . . •• It was 'a-Saturday night, the lights all over the township had been faxtinguished, and the furnaces shut down for that day that comes between Saturday and Monday, and all was very still; but the moon was at its full, and the night seemed favorable for an adventure of any sort. Two young ladies still lingered on the jetty. They were seated at the «xtreme end, and looking listlessly into the brown waters of the bay.- The atmosphere was hazy with the still lingering smokp from the extinguished furnaces, consequently the light was too bad to do justice to their charms, so I'll refrain from describing them. These two charming girls sitting all alone in the hush of night, and dreaming dreams that might never come to pass, was indeed an affecting sight 1 Very quiet and still they sat, and raised their delicious castles in such nnruffled peace that time was hurrying along into an unseemly hour without attracting their attention. At last their sweet reveries came to an end, and they seemed to become conscious that it was time to retire for the night—even for dreamers like themselves ! They rose, gave a sweet, sad look across the waste of waters, heaved a little tender sigh for some cherished memory that had no doubt been a corner-stone in their vanished castles— not a big, gaspiftg, masculine sigh; but soft and low like a zephyr's breath—and then they moved to depart. Bat what brought that terrified look into both their countenances—that helpless and frenzied stare—as they looked-round ? < \- - At the opposite end of the jetty a gigantic supernatural • £gare confronted t Jihem. It Iooked'iStoSibaiat least twenty ^eetlhigbj and jbroBd^propWiMP^^ft* whits- that trailed the ground,! •— Was it the phantom of some poor frigate of the black fleet that hod gone down to its doom in that bay and had •come In that shape to explain the mystery of its disappearance ? - - ; JJo, that could not be; for it had a prominent liead, and large arms fin the right of which it c&rried; a scroll) and legs (by the stride it took when it moved), . - ~ It was certainly - some humanized goblin .J .-.but what was its mission 3~ • < Though slowly, it was surely ooming 'npifoe jetty 1 {The poor terrifieft girls sank -ieap iunderatath the long seat with eyes jdistendedfand panting breath' f < •It^ame hesrer^and^noarar 1 It had ®*ot,n6tioed them yet; but a long,''low 7 moan,«80Winfe-Jrom *»ne of the girls on -^tB n&rJpproacih.; T^he ? 'lpparition'gave a of blue flame Human natnre could stand it no longer, A long despairing cry came simultaneously from both, and the poor forlorn creatures swooned away I The girls lay in this unconscious condition, the apparition gazing aowni upon them in a still and solemn manner as they lay. But as there was no sign of returning animation the gobblin stooped low, gently raised their heads in turn, and moistened their lips with some elixir from a quaint looking vial it bad concealed in the folds of its white robes ; and, as a " sniff of the morning air" swept up the bay, it turned and glided from the jetty! (To be continued). I was somewhat startled and amused the other day when coming to an unfrequented crossing on one of our country lines of railway. The commanding word " Stop !" supplemented with " look both ways at once before crossing I" glared at me in that lonely place like so many ghosts of railway tragedies that I really felt afraid to cross that line. Had the old sensational word "Danger!" been signalled I might have looked about me for some pitfall or unfinished piece of fettlers'work j but that imperative r« Stop*]" it was. so much like the old bushranging stylo of " Stand and deliver I" that I instinctively looked round for revolvers and bowie-knives! Surely the old buffooneries of "Beware of trains—look both ways," " Caution to trespassers," " Careless use of fire," and others that swarm cveiy little right of way and sheep and goat track on our isolated bush railways were sufficient evidences of mad and reckless expenditure without this latest sample of commissioners' folly. What an enormous sum must ' have been squandered for wood work, iron work, painting, printing, and erecting all the wicket and other gates— separate gates, too, ono for the house and another for the barn and haystack! There is a repetition of all these nonsensical notice-boards at every gate, notwithstanding that they are in some instances only a few feet apart! A man who could not see a train approaching without the aid of these notice-boards would sleep with his head in a hay-stack or make his grave at the bottom of a river. Then, again, there is the duplicate telegraph poles, and all the paraphernalia attached to them. Of course two departments could not use the same poles, it would have been too much like economy. Looking at all these extravagances, can any one wonder that the railways have become the white elejihant they are ? A suspicion suggests itself that some things are absolutely criminal! * • • • The time for the meeting of the Federal Council at Hobart is approaching, and so is the anniversary of Separation Day. What an anomaly. If there is a public holiday and a cricket match on the latter day it will be most popular to the colonial taste. The public mind has not taken up Federation yet, for it hasn't quite forgotten the joys -of .Separation, -There are go many difficulties to be got over in the Federation^cheme—such as' an uniform Free Trade tariff—a grave difficulty in Victoria, .where every man delights in heaping taxation burdens on his neighbours while he repudiates any responsibility himself—the revenue must be made to equal the expenditure (and that cannot happen till the Upper House is swept awny, and a State Bank established)—and the public mind must be educated to the christian maxim of having a little more consideration for your neighbours than at present—that Federation actually cannot be cxpected much earlier than about the middle of next century. Those who clamour now know full well that it is only a pretext for Premiers and a favoured few to pay each other some -pleasant civilities, liavo a jollification, and leave the pu'ilic to' pay the piper; at the same time to use it as a patriotic cry to divert the attention of the public from the deplorable state of the country. 