INTERESTING SKETCHES. k Midnight I Shall Remember. Jack Templeton had been my closest friend ,n boyhood, was my cherished companion in ;he days of our early manhood at collegejand ay delightful correspondent during the ten feare that had gone since the close of the nappy period of student life. This correspondence had not been the only communication between us, for we agreed, on the final •eave-taking of our old college quarters, that visits on each other should be kept up, Jack setting aside at least two weeks in one year to be spent with me wherever I should be settled, and the year following I was to visit aim for a short season. This arrangement had been observed by both with punctuality «id regularity, and we became well acquainted with each other's mode of living, JcCnpation and surroundings. Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Anyone knowing him during the character-forming period of •is life would have marked him for a future physician. He possessed those traits of character, those oddities of native disposition which mean strong individuality. He was irvly humorous iu his ordinary conversation, .•anded in his intercourse with his acquaintances. cheerful enorgh on occasion, ingenious •n his estimate of people, not by any means brilliant, but. studious and determined, especially so when concerned in the investigation ;f subjects belonging to the obscure and having a dash of the mysterious. To him the Greek grammar and Latin construction were iull plodding, but mathematics, and especially the study of mental science and of those questions the solution of which involves an exploit into the depths of psychology, were to him a genuine pleasure. Exploring the mysteries of the human mind was that which made up the texture of his thoughts ny day and was apt to weave the fabric of his dreams by night. A trick of magic, no matter how obscure, did not interest him because there was no pretencc that its operation depended on anything but some clever mechanical contrivance or sleight of hand. Such things were lacking in that essential, the supernatural, which so absorbed his every ' thought. But an exhibition of mesmerism filled him with wonder, for he recognized in it the manifestations of the unseen workings of the human mind, and much of his time was spent in the study of its strange pheno raena. It was his claim that could mesmerism become other than the ungovernable thing it now is and be brought under the subjection of tbe human will, it would prove not only a mighty aid in medicine and sursery, but would very likely afford an explantion of thosestrange mental conditions which so puzzle the world to-day. Having a mind thus fashioned it was the most natural thing •or Jack to take to medicine as a professionmedicine in its broad sense, the enthusiastic study of which will gratify the thinking man -n -his search for light upon the intimate and j the intricate relation of the human body to tbe human soul. The newspaper field had been chosen by me as the one in which I would exploit what ever of learning and energy and determination I possessed, and at this time I was engaged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro vincial town. It was Jack's year to visit me, and the time oeing at hand when he might be looked for I had completed the few preparations about my bachelor belongings which his comiug would make necessary, so I was not surprised when just at twilight one evening in July he came in upon me, sitting alone, in meditative mihd, in my second-story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At the time, truly I was not. I remember the date of his coming. It was Friday night, the 12th of July, 1877, a fact which in the light of what followed I had good reason to remember. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking as vigorous, and our mutuul inquiries about the things that had come into out lives since the last meeting were as rapidly and enthusiastiially spoken as ever. My own experiences for the twelvemonth, commonplace and comparatively uneventful, were soon told, but what they lacked in novelty and volume was maile up by the perfect avalanche of incident md .adventure Jack had to relate of himself. Be told me that night the details of experiment after experiment he had made with the auraan physical organism; how he had tested and analyzed and theorized in his endeavor to sift down, satisfactorily to himself the ?rand mystery of what portion of a man's body was most closely related to his soul; what one of the various systems in the ouman framework gave shape, and motion, and energy to the sublime thing, mind. This was his hobby. He did not spare me. He never did spare me when thus occupied. He had become accustomed to having me indulge him when on his favorite theme. In this connection he had many newjnteresting stories to tell about mesmerism and what he called his measureless possibilities. He related how he, while in the mesmeric sleep, at the will of a person who possessed the power of putting one under its influence, had been sent, at the instance of a third person, a stranger, to a far distant city where he had never been before, not, at least, in the ordinarily understood sense of being, and had described scenes and objects about the streets of that city accurately enough to be easily recognized by the third person, whose dome it was. Several tests of this kind had been made, each time with the most astonishing results. Jack's enthusiasm in tbe narration was only equalled by the readiness with which he came to his conclusion, that ;he mind of the mesmerized subject had ; unnambered bv matter, time or soa-ce. been transported at the will of a designated person to a place chosen by that person, and being present in that place had. of course, actually seen subjects there, and, easily enough, could tell of them : in other minds the objects had made their impressions on that mind, and, that mind, returning to its accustomed habitation, the subject's body, could readily give account of those impressions. " And," he added, with a peculiar impressiveness in his voice, " I believe that if the conditions are favorable the subject under the influence of this subtle something can be transported in spirit to a distant place, can see and talk with a second person, and this visit with all its incidents will be to that second person in everything important an absolute reality—so real that he will never feel those unpleasant sensations that accompany what are called ghostly visitations." Jack's conclusions and the earnestness of his manner were largely interesting to me, and although I instinctively inclined to the natural view of things—a view emphasized by a calling dealing chiefly with the real affairs of this life—had but little belief in anything that could not be explained by causes we call natural and are easily understood. and would discredit the testimony of any person, no matter how near to me, if that testimony conflicted with what seemed to me reasonable,still Jack'sseriousnessandhonesty strangely impressed me that night, and I confessed to him that what could not be proved need not necessarily be doubted ; that there were likely stranger things on earth alone than .were known of; and then with a wish to dismiss the whole subject for one more cheering I asked about some acquaintances I had in Greenwich, his heme, to which inquiries he responded and in turn asked for my father's family, who still live on the old homestead, a few miles awav from the city of myresidence. I replied by arannging with Jack right there for a visit together to our early home, and straightway penned a note to my sister telling of his coming, of our conplated visit home, and that arrangements might be made for our stay for a brief season. 1 sealed this letter, with Jack's assent to the arrangement it conveyed, stamped it and put it in the postal box just outside my door. The night was wearing on and bed was suggested, so with many pleasant anticipations of what the succeeding days had in store for us, Jack said good- night and went so his bedroom, (previous visits having made aim acquainted with my apartments. The night passed uneventfully, not even a itray reminiscence of the evening's talk interfering with the senses' even repose. 1 »woke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of the jlanned visit home and the many agreeable rhings it promised. I did not* hasten to *rouse Jack, considerately thinking that the latigues of his long journey and the late hour retiring would prepare him for a prolonged •est. More than an Sour passed aud I began ;o feel the need of eating, and was promising Myself the full enjoyment of a breakfast with Tack for my company ; so I went to his bedroom to call him. My astonishment was jretty evident when opening the door Jack was not in the room, and what was stranger still, nothing it contained indicated that he •lad been there. The bed had not been disar- -anged in the least. Not a chair or other article of furniture apparently had been moved from its accustomed position. Altogether there was not a shadow of evidence that, any person living had been in that room the preceding night. There were no winlows in'the room, and no door save the one jpening into the one where I slept. A person then could not get out of that bedroom and out of the house except by coming through that door and leaving hy the hall door. I remembered that when 1 awoke this outside door was locked and bolted as usual on the inside; this was recalled by the dilliculty in sliding back the bolt that mornincr. This showed that even had Jack been disposed to leave me in that shabby manner in the middle of the night, he could not have done so, not to mention that such a proceeding would be as unlookcd for in the man as it would be unworthy of him. The truth remained, nevertheless, Jack was gone. I5ut i how he had taken his departure was a deep mystery to me. Strange as it was. though, no suggestion of the supernatural then entered into my ca'culalious, and I contented myself with thinking that a reasonable explanation would oiler itself in time. I said nothing to anyone of the occurrence, not caring to brave the doubt aud ridicule the telling of it would likely provoke. I was extremely anxious to. come to at least some plausible solution of the affair, yet the longer I sought one the more perplexed I became, till I had to conclude that the whole proceeding was a very vivid dream. A dream it might be ; but such a conclusion was exceedingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, foi in dreams persons don't grasp each other's hands, and smoke together, and drink together. and talk for hours at a time connectedly on a subject, especially such a one as occupied our attention that night Then another circumstance came to me me with almost startling suddenness. Tin letter ! Did I write that letter to my sister, or was that, too, only a part of the dream 1 If she got my letter that would be proof clear enough that that night's proceeding? were not a dream, let them otherwise be ac counted for as they might. If the letter was written while sleeping, that would be a somnambulistic feat too formidable for belief, and besides I had never been known to be a sleep-walker. I could easily find out about the letter anyway. 1 wrote to my sister asking simply if she had got my letter, in prompt answer to which she said she had, adding that they were all prepared for and anxiously awaiting our coming. Clearly, the letter was not a dream. Then what on earth or above the earth or under the earth would explain that nightly visit, that unceremonious and mysterious disappearance of Jack Templeton ? It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, when a letter bearing the well known postmark of Green wick was dropped through my door. It was from Jack. This is what it said: I am very sorry my professional duties and the amount of study 1 have laid out for this summer will tie me down at home, and I shall not be able to make you my usual visit this year. * * * Merciful Heaven! The man hadn't been with me at all. Was he dead and did his shadow come to haunt me instead of his living body to visit me? That would notbfc likely,, for his letter was dated five days later than that night, and ghosts, having a way of making their presence known at the precise time their disembodiment takes place, are always punctual. The letter did not so far lighten up the matter. It proceeded : You know my hobby, mesmerism, and you know how I ride it. Well, one night recently I mounted my .hobby and took a long ride, i was away out in your country, in your town, in your very room, and I sat with you and talked with-you and drank with you, and all but slept with you. To be exact, the night was Friday, the twelfth day of this month, July. Now, all this was so real to me that I want you to write me whether on that night you remember of being conscious of any unusual occurrence. Did I seem to you that I was ii^your company that night ? I want all thcriacts, that I may see how they will fit a little theory I have lately been- construct- mg.- There it was, and the subject talked upon by Jack, or Jack etherealized, and me, came back, with his startling assertion about a person in a mesmeric trance being able to communicate with an absent person, and that person to be conscious of being communicated with. So Jack in all things essential had been present with me that night. For is not the mind the conscious part, the soul, the essential thine* The narrative deals only with the facts ot a very extraordinary personal experience. II the explanation given of his visit by my gueet of that night, based upon the narrowly understood operations of mesmerism, is not sufficient, let him who, with a clear view, has traversed further into the arcana ot the "mys tical, advance the theory of Jack Templeton's strange visit. j ! a s 