Tbe Monkey Lost. MAN V. MONKEY.—-A correspondent has sent the following:—"A well-known Irish comedian of this city was amongst a email crowd gazing at the ouraag-eutangs on beard the Bucephalus on Sunday and expressed muoh admiration of the monkey's musoular development. A keeper standing by remarked that hii charge was so strong that he would back him to pull away a stick if the oomedian ' would pull fairly. The challenge was accepted and a etiok pushed through the bra of the oage. The monkey at onoe seized it and endeavoured to pull it away, bat being unsuccessful he bit a piece from the end, and twice afterwards repeated the operation, but he could not overcome the resistance of his antagonist, who subsequently drew the ape's nose to the bars of the oage, when the spectators admitted that the trial of strength - was fairly contested, no purchase or unfair advantage having been taken ,by the man, who, though oomplimented upon bis powers, sensibly remarked, 'Yes. Pm stronger than tbe beast, but I wouldn't like to meet him outside the oage in the open in a struggle.'" THE MAHATUA HOAX.—Writing on the recent exposure of the great Mahatma hoax the iPortd says:—"The moral of, the whole j sorry business is by no means an agreeable one to contemplate. Not for the first time we are confronted with an absolute disproof of the comfortable theory that a readiness to be imposed upon by any plausible dealer in metaphysical <quookery is the peculiar weakness of vulgar jainds. This theosophy seems I to have made no impression whatever beyond the ranks of educated people. It is not a 'religion' whioh has commended itself to the masses, who know nothing about it, and care lets. The whole movement, with the copious discredit attaching to it, lies at the door of persons who belong, in the language of the police reporter, to ' a superior station in life,' and who ought now, in the same piotureeque phraseology, to feel their position acutely. It seems to be considered that credulity, like vice in the estimation of Edmund Burke, loses half its evil by losing all its groesness. We have still nothing but oo&temptuons; pity for the maidservant who crosses the gipsy's grimy palm with a piece of her hard-earned silver, and no reward but the gaol for the unkempt soothsayer who oasts her horoscope at the area gate. Yet, above stairs, the flourishing practitioners of more elaborate forms of pseudo-mystical jugglery were welcomed with open arms, and the Homes, the Slades, and the Blavatskys achieve many more conquests in the saloon and the hbraty than does the peripatetic Ziog&ra; in her humbler sphere of operations. It all goes to prove that civilisation, even at this time of day, is powerless to stifle that innate craving after the mysterious aud the uncanny which has still power to bind intellect and culture to the chariot-wheels of blatant imposture. We hear a good deal about the materialism of ths age, the deoay ef superstition, tbe growth of a prosaic and hard-shelled cynicism in oar midst. Yet there was, perhaps, never a time when the purveyors of all varieties ef fantastic and unorthodox supernaturalitm commanded more attention or attracted more interest. The traders in 'occultism' appeal to a passion whioh will never be extinguished while human nature remains what it is. Credulity, in gome shape or other, will survive to be played upon till the end of the chapter, even as it has existed from the beginning. The Mahatmas may follow the 'mediums' into tha limbo of detected frauds; bnt new mystical impostures will still arise and flourish, for new dupes and devotees will have it so. These pitiful exposures suggest a doubt whether, after all, we are so very muoh better and wiser than our ghost-fearing and witch-hunting forefathers." 