THE THIRD VOLUME. BY FERGUS HUME. CHAPTER XLIV.— THE TRUTH. Hllliston came and went in the space of a few minutes. None of .those present made any attempt to stay his exit, but as the door .closed after him they looked at one another In silenco. Thinking of Hillls ton's last 'speech, Denis wa3 the first to speak. "What does that mean, sir?" he asked his master, with an air of helpless bewil derment. "I think it can only mean one thing, Denis," replied Larcher, rousing himself. "Mr. Hilliston has at length awakened to tho fact. of his dastardly treatment of your sister, and is .about to make reparation for the past. He intends to marry her." "But his wife only died a few days ago, master." "I know that. But Mrs. Bezel will also die shortly, and if Hilliston desires to atone for his past he has no time to lose. He can marry her at once, hut he will again be a widower within the month." Denis lifted a pair of shaking hands, and slowly left the room, followed by tho sym pathetic looks of the others. He did not even, pause to learn the contents of the sealed envelope left by Mr. Hilliston. Great as was his curiosity to learn all that had taken place on that fatal night, his loye and grief for his sister were greater still. Bow ed and grey and older looking than ever ho departed; but in lJs heart there was one comfortable thought — Mona would dio an honest woman if Mr. Hilliston was to be believed. : When the three found themselves alone, Captain Larcher picked up the sealed let ter with some reluctance. "Strange," he said, balancing It in his hand. "For years I have been eager to know tho truth. Now that I have, only to open .this envelope to learn it, I feel half afraid." "Nevertheless, it will be as well to loss no time in . making ourselves acquainted with the contents," said Tait, eagerly, for he was in a- fever of impatience to know all. "It may be a confession by Hilli3ton." "I think not. It is directed to me in the handwriting of Mrs. Hilliston." "To Ferdinand Paynton?" "No. To Captain Larcher." "H'm!" said Tait, with a start. "How Idid .Mrs. Hilliston know you were Captain Larcher? Did she see you at Thorston?" "No. But her husband doubtless in formed her of my real name. However, we will -learn all from this." said Larcher, breaking the seal. "I believe this is a con- fesion by Mrs. Hilliston." "But what can she have to confess?" cried Claude, as his father smoothed out a closely- written- letter. "She can know no thing of the tragedy." "You forget," said Tait, with a sudden recollection, "a Louisa Sinclair. She was at Horrlston, and, according to Mona Ban- try, was in the garden of "The Laurels' on that night. I would not be surprised it she saw the committal of the crime." "What! Do you think she is about to betray her husband?" "Oh," said Tait, significantly, "we are by no means sure of Hilllston's guilt." Larcher found that the writing was too small for him to read comfortably, so handed the letter to Claude, with a request that he should read it out aloud. Excusing himself on the plea of the illegibility of the writing, Claude passed it to Tait, who ac cepted the ofilce with avidity. The letter was without date or direction, and began In an abrupt manner, highly suggestive of the agitation under. which it had been writ ten. Tait mentally noted these points, and began. "This confession is to be read after my 'death by Captain George Larcher, and if he sCes fit he has my free permission to make it public. Still I trust, out of regret for the memory of an unhappy woman, that he will not do,, save in the arising of two contingencies. First, should he be still alive, and accused of murdering Mr. Jerlng- ham. Second, should my dear husband be accused of the crime. In the event of the occurrence of either of these contingencies, I authorise him to make those pages public. "To explain myself I must go back twen ty-six years, when I was residing at Hor rlston. You, . Gaptain Larcher, will re member me well as Louisa Sinclair, for at that time I saw a great deal of yourself and your wife. I saw too much of her, for my eyes were sharp, and but for a natural reluctance to disturb your domestic peace, I could have enlightened you as to her conduct. She was never worthy of a good man like you. She was as bad as I after wards became, and that is saying a great deal, as you will see by reading on. "I loved Francis Hilliston, your intimate friend. Belinda Pike loved him also, but there was no need for either of us to be jealous of the other, for Mr. Hilliston loved a third- person; none other than your wife. No doubt you will be angry when you read this, but ypur anger cannot alter facts. Yes, ypur dearest friend loved your wife. Let him deny that if he can." At this point there was a marginal note by Hilliston. "I do deny it, and but that I am not in a position to do so, I would not let George Larcher's eyes rest on this confession.' My poor wife was insanely jealous of Mrs. Larcher, but I swear that she had no grounds to be so. I admired Mrs. Larcher as a friend, nothing more, and I loved Mona Bantry. She is the only woman who has ever attracted me, and, notwithstanding my marriage, now dis solved by death, she attracts me still." This note was hastily scribbled in pencil, and after Tait had read It, without Inter ruption from Captan Larcher, he continued the confession. "I admit that I was jealous of his atten tions to your wife," continued Mrs. Hilli ston, "for, though I did all In my power I could not win him to my side. Regarding the efforts of Belinda Pike, I say nothing. She tried to gain his love, and she failed. I was more successful in the end, but not till the lapse of many years. Here I may say that I have gipsy blood in my veins, which at times renders me insanely jea lous, and which, in such a state, I am ca pable of all things. A recollection of this may enlighten you as to my acting as I did in the garden of The Laurels. "I knew that your wife loved Jerlngham, and could have told you of it. I am sorry I did not now, as she would have been disgraced, and then Francis might have turned to me for consolation. But I held my peace, and paid the cost of doing so. I am doing so now; you also; for if you had been forewarned you would never have had to conceal yourself under a feigned name' on account of Jeringham's death. "At the fancy dress- ball held at the Town Hall, matters came to a climax. My gipsy blood made me mad on that night, owing to the way in which I was neglected by Francis Hilliston. With some difficulty I learned that your wife was to be dressed as Mary Queen of Scots, and, with a view to making myself attractive in Hilllston's eyes, I chose the same dress. With the assistance of the dressmaker who worked for us both, I obtained a dress similar in all respects to that of Mrs. Lar cher, hoping that by doing so he would speak to me under the impression that I was your Wife. My stratagem was success ful. I was masked and dressed as she was; he spoke to me, thinking I was she, and I learned then how he loved her. At that moment I could have killed her. I could have killed him." Here there was another note in Hilll ston's handwriting. "Again I say that the poor creature was mistaken. I did speak to her under the impression that she was Mrs. Larcher, hut I said nothing that she could construe into a declaration of love. Her jealousy rendered her mad, and she distorted the idle words I spoke. She took them up in tho wrong sense." "My suspicions were confirmed later on," continued the confession, "for I overheard them talking together; yes, Francis Hilli ston and your wife were in a corner to gether, talking of love. I listened. It was mean, to do so; hut then, I was in love, and — would have stooped to any degrada tion to have rescued him from her clutches. They talked about a dagger which he had given her to complete her. dress. Aha! he did not think to complete my costume with such a gift. Mrs. Larcher took the dagger out of its sheath, and together they ex amined It. She blamed him for putting an inscription on it, saying it would make her husband Jealous. Francis laughed, and said that you would never suspect him. Then Mrs. Larcher slipped the dagger back in the sheath, as she thought; but in reality It slipped down among the folds of her dress, and when she arose to go It fell on the ground. They departed, and I pick ed up the dagger. "At once I looked at the inscription, and there it -was on tho gold handle — 'To J.L., from F.H.' I was so enraged that I could have broken the dagger. I tried to, but it was too strong for me. Therefore I thrust it into my waistband, and went in search of Hilliston, to return it to him and re proach him for giving It to Mrs. Larcher. I saw him, wrapped in his cloak, go out witli Mrs. Larcher. Ho was seeing her home, and in a frenzy of jealous rage I re solved to follow." Margin note by I-Iilllston: "It was not I who went home with Mrs. Larcher, but Jeriugham. I. was dressed that evening as a Venetian senator, and wore a long black cloak. This Jerlngham horrowpd off me to conceal his fancy dress when he left the Town Hall. My wife thought It was me, but she was mistaken. I went home with Georgo Larcher, as he knows." Tho confession continues: "They left In Mrs. Larcher's carriage, and 1, hastily wrapping a cloak round me, followed in a fly. When I got to 'The- Laurels' they were talking together at the door, and the carriage had. driven round - to the Btables. I sat back In my fly, for the driver did not know who I was, and watched. I saw Mrs. Larcher kiss Hilliston, and run inside. Then I went out of my mind — I: was pos sessed by a devil. He came down the path, and turned mid-way to look hack at the house. I had my hand on the dagger — it tempted me, and I sprang out on him. He turned sharply round, and had I not been blinded with rage I would have then re cognised him. But I hardly knew what I was doing, and before he could utter a word I buried the dagger in his heart, when he fell with a choking cry. I knelt down beside him, and withdrew the dagger, Then I heard a sound, dropped the weapon, and fled. "Some little distance off -T ran Into the arms of Francis Hilliston. I shrieked as though I had seen a ghost, and told him I had killed a man. That I had intended to kill him. He explained the mistake of the cloak, and said 1 must have murdered Jerlngham. Then he- saved my life. No one had seen me come to 'The Laurels,' no one had seen me in the garden; so Francis took me back to Horrlston, and I returned to -the ball without anyone having suspected my absence. "The next day the news of the disap pearance of Jerlngham was all over the town; afterwards the body was discovered down the riven, and mistaken for that of Captain "Larcher. Francis advised me for my own sake to hold my tongue. I did so, and shortly afterwards I went on a visit to a sister of mine in America. Francis refused to marry me on account of my crime. In America I married Derrick, the millionaire; he died, and I returned to London. I found Francis greatly in want of money, and as I still loved him, I mar ried him. No one but us two knew who really killed Jeringham, but for your sake, Cap tain Larcher, I acknowledge my guilt lest you should he found out and accused of the crime. I could say much more, but this Is enough. When ypu read this I will be dead, and my last word3 I swear are true. I and none other killed Mark Jer lngham in mistake for Francis Hilliston." Note by Hilliston: "It will be seen that my wife was ac tuated all through by jealousy, but I swear she had no reason. I loved Mona, not Mrs. Larcher, not her. I saved her lite because she committed the crime for my sake; I married her because I was on the verge of pecuniary ruin. I -have nothing more to add. You can blame me If you like, hut I consider I have acted all through as I was forced by circumstances." (To be concluded.) 