THE 'DAILY POST' GIVES VS TEE GHOST. . After a troubled existence for just twelve weeks the latest Democratic and Labor newspaper passed peacefully away. As in tho case of the 'Globe/ the 'Workman,' and otbeT smaller papers wbicb have relied largely on the workers for support, the 1 Post' was left in the lurch when its necessities demanded Eomething less intangible than sympatny, there was always plenty of sympathy, but spon dulix was as scarce as hen's teeth. The staff, numbering somewhere about 103 bands, have not been paid any thing in the way of salary since the TJih January, and from the editor to the devil all are heavy creditors of the Company. The official liquidator, Mr. Morris, has the affair in hand now, and those shareholders who have neglected to pay up will be compelled to fork over their dues, if the last stick in their houses has to go. One or two of the directors are in a very tight place, and will probably rogret that they ever had anything to do with that business for which every man is qualified— running a newspaper. There is a light Bide to the blackest of every cloud-bank, and the newspaper men— the literary staff— looking for the sunny side wound up the organ thus lightly. Keeping up each headline of the paper ' Three shillings are demanded at once for the wake of the ghost of the 'Post.' Enclosed iB copy for to day Leader— 'Retrenching may be' — Postal Notes — 'Wish I bad one to- day for a fiver. J.D.' —Marine Miscellany— 'Missing '—Over the clock — ' The clock haB ceased to tick — wants winding. Doesn't go on tick, anyway.' Maker- up of duty book— 'None to make up ; book pawned for two drinks.' Cricket — 'Stumped.' Centennial Park (special article)—' Work for tucker. Gone tc cart grains of 6and.' Domain of Sport : By Atlas—' ' No gonce : Bust up; Gone on a bust.' Stage Whispers— ' The whisperer whispere'th no more. We're all on the whisper. Tbe Lord loves tho man to whom He glveth a tough ear.' To-day'e Markets —'Directors low; shareholders failing; business dull and de fining.' Bounds—' Two rounds required witr the directors.' The copy as above was sent down to tbe coups., bnt not set up, and so the 'Post' pegged quietly oute ^ i 