SEPARATION. [?] *Sir,— After many days, Mr. Harding has found it necessary to protest against my letter of the Uth instant, and he wants to know on wiiaL grounds I advocate tbe dropping of the agitatiou tor Separation. Well, with your permission, I will endeavour lo give him the information be requires, aldiougb I think uiy previous letters have been clear enough on huh |juiui. in me iirst piacc J. ueilcx'c, although Mr. Curtis will not admit what every one that I have conversed on tbc matter does, that Separation is impracticable for the Centre while the North refrains from agitating for it. Secondly, I believe it better to forego Separation than to lose die trade and territory of the north-west, which we must do if the Hughendpn Wiutou Kailuay is cuu&tructctt.; Thirdly, by droppiug Separa tion, I believe we should have the sympathy of many Southern members of Parliament, who would vote with onr Central members against die extension from Hughenden to \Vinton. Separation tloubtJess ia as neccs bary as ever it was : but it is impracticable. What the power diat governs the British Empire may consider justice, and what M r. Herding and t he League do may differ very materially. He ask* how the merchants of Eaat-strtx't suffered 1 Well, tbc uncertainty of the titnatiou has to a. pruat extent paralysed trade. Then be saya when did Separation become a phantom ? When the North dropped it it died. And it u- the ghost of Separation which haunts the Cent rai VivisioD at the present time. Mr. Harding ?declares that Separation can he got by unity, energy, and determination, but where ia the unity when the people of North Gregory desire to be included in the Northern Divi sion, and Ihc energy and determination seem to me very hazy. There is no doubt about Uic Imperial Parliament having full power tu authorise the Crown to gram our petit ion. Bat wOl it under present circumstance? 1 faS. to see where iny impadeore, as Mr. Harding calls it, comes in, unless it is that I am of a different opinion upou au important public matter to what he and the League are, and if the League and its leader canuot abide public criticism they had better shut up shop. '.The value of their opinions may Ik: fjtm*'*3i from the fact that they endeavoured by one of their agents who signed himself ' Another Citizen,' to make the public believe that the Ministry would not think of extending the Northern line to Win tin. Now, seeing that c*'ery thing, as Mr. Harding says. h-u- been done that the Home Government required, vrhy do they not send 'his delegate liomt nt once and claim the autoooniv they desire before the meeting of Parliament? It is a splendid opportunity to exercise their energy and determination and would settle the matter, and the league and the people would know where they are, which they do not al present. To show the importance that Mr. PMlp attaches to the Hughendcn Win'on Railway and what the trade and traffic of the uorth-west means to that portion of Queens land that possesses it, I quote part of Mr. rtilp's speech at Townsvillc — ' At prcseut it seemed to him that the lnst thing for Townsvillc was to get the railway pushed out weat. TTicy might expect a tierce fight with the Central people over the line from Qughen dea to Winton, but the latter place was nearer to Townsri le tha-i to Uockhampton, G«d the object desired was to beueht tlic Winton district and not either Uockhampton or Townsville (applause). No matter what party a Townsville man belonged to, he should use his political powers so as to get the railway extended to the west. This town largely depended upou I tint big territory to Lhc west with its immense flocks and Irerda, the produce of which must ail *_-ocbc through Tou usvillc ' What il r. I'biip is driving at is to rob the Centre of its trade and prosperity by the construction of the Hughcnden-Wintou line. That the im portance of Rockhamplon will shrink as a commercial centre just iii proportion that Townsvillc is swelled by the Huphenden Winton line, goes without saying. I thick it has been made quite plain that the north western portion of the Central Division has Jtccu detached from the Central Separation movement. And I have been given to under stand that, a survey of tbc WcslwoodGlad stonc line has beun ordered, though I cunuot vouch for the truth of it ; but think it, -|uiLc organised plan of campaign with regard to the Separation movement, and it may Ire in liiu scheme, to detach the t.ladstom: distrR-t sa the tsaxnc way tiu& tlwi North 4-rtsgory has been. Then that portion of the western trade which could not bo drawn to Towna villc would flow to Gladstone, and Bock bampton would get none of it. What wooM become of the merchants of East-street then 1 Would tbey not be compelled to clear out either to Townsville or Gladstone; and Rockhampton would revert to the position of ttouen. I think when the people realise what the continual waving of the Separation fid.' means, they will regard Mr. Curtis and the League in a very different light from wbat they do at present. The fact of the matter is that the starting of the Separation movement without an understanding with the North was a huge blunder, and all the humiliations we have had to suffer from the Southern cam Northern Government, of Queensland is the result of it We arc between the upper and nether mill atones and being ground down for their benefit. I am, &c.; Rock h amp to u, 5-)tb April, IS9.V 