RITUALISTIC EXTRAOTB. 4 A Oateohism of the Ohief Things whioh a Ohristian Ought to Know and Believe for his Sonl's Health ' is need in Ritnalistio Sunday- schools. The following extracts sho w how the nlfltrnA in fifflRAiYiiimfori. Q, Mention one of the oldeBt forms of prayer for tha dead. A. 4 Eternal rest grant nnto them, 0 Lord ; and may perpetnal light shine npon them.' . Q. What ia the Fourth Commandment of the Ohnroh ? A. 4 To oonfess onr sins to onr pastor, or some other priest, whenever they trouble as.' Q. How do the Bread and Wine bsoome the Body and Blood of Ohrist? A. 4 By the power of tha Holy Ghost.' Q. When does this take place ? A. When the words of oonseoration, 4 This is My Body, and this is My Blood,' are pronounced by the priest. The St. Margaret's Review, edited by the Rev. John Wakeford, Vioar of St. Margaret's parish, Anfield, Liverpool, stateB in its November number that : — 4 The Ohnroh requires us to kneel when we receive the Holy Oommnnion. But kneeling is the posture of worship. The Puritans objeoted to it on this very ground. On their own principles they were right in objeoting. If Holy Oommnnion is only bread and wine reoeived in remembrance of Ohrist, it is unmeaning to kneel. Indeed, it is superstitious, beoanse it suggests that it is more than it really is. So Presbyterians and most other seots reoeive what they call the ordinance Bitting down. The Ohnroh, however, directs ns to kneel. And, therefore, by this aotion in every Ohnroh the aootriue of the Real Presence is preaohed by the people at the altarj even where the olergyman may not, unhappily, preaoh it from the pslpit.' Liverpool Ohnrohmen are indignant at thia daring teaching. The Blaok Bnbrio at the end of the Communion office expressly deolares that no adoration is intended by kneeling. Mr. Wakeford also writes, 4 The Lord is present not only in His divinity, by whioh He is present in all places and at all times, but in his humanity also. Onr Lord's Presenoe is what is called objeotive. That is, it does not depend npon onr faith or onr feelings. It depends upon the consecration of the priest.' Mr. Wakeford was one of Mr. Gladstone's last appointments. The St. Margaret's, Leytonstone Parish Magazine states that ;— 4 The Maes , of the Ohnroh of England is identioal with the Mbbs of the Ohnroh of Rome, inasmooh as Ithey are 'one rite' of one— tha Oatholio ' Ohnrob. The New Tear's Day treat to the poor £ Wylde Green, near Birmingham," has had a most nnfortnnate sequel, nearly a hundred of those who partook of the dinner having bees seized with illness. The medical men are of opinion that a form of decomposition had taken place, prodnoing ptooaainee. The> boiling of the meat -wonld not prevent the ptomaines from being a source of daager. for even if the baoteria were killed, the mischief wonld be caused by tha poison seorstad by them. Fifty members of the Lcndon Protestant D efenoe Brigade attended 4 Mass ' on a Snnday in December last at the nltra-ritnalistio ohurch of S. Augustine, Stepney, ooonpying. front seats as impassive spectators. On leaving; they distributed ProteBtant literature. Oi another oooasion others attended a ritualistic? ohnroh at Hatcham, and at the close of the; aervioo distributed tracts. The ohnrohwardens sent for the police, who refused to interf-re ; an offloial in a oaasook tore np what tracts ha oonld lay hands on, and the choir, in a spirit not soothed by mnsio, threatened, but wisely- refrained from exeonting, a general thrashing-. The third volume of the life of Dr. Pnsey has been published and the tale of tha dnplioity of the leader of the Oxford move ment ie being gradually nnfolded, nnfortnnate. Iy, by friends, sinoe Protestants want to know a great deal more. The Churchman says 44 He> gave np free inquiry aa if it mast lead) to free thinking. Ha gave up private) judgment as if the Holy Spirit) oonld not guide it." 41 He never liked the Reformation. Ho at first exonsed it ; then he deplored it; finally he abandoned it." Pnsey dwelt so perpetually, so predominately, ' on the mystery of godliness as to leave on the mind an impression that godliness isi nothing bat a mystery. Dr, Temple, Bishop of London, relying on his Episoopal veto, refnsed some time ago to> allow the question as to the legality of the> images attaohed to the reredos of St. Pful'i Cathedral, being of the opinion that the Exeter reredos decision ruled the lawfnlneBsi of sooh images. This aot of great injustices ib intensified by the reoent deoision of Beversl diocesan obanoellors, who rale that images) are illegal, regarding the Exeter deoision a? not applioable for a precedent. Moreover, the very same judges, sitting in a muoh stronger oonrt, reviewed their own Exeter deoision and held that the illegality of imag si had been in no way affeoted by it. Th;si nnhead of curtailment by means of th® Episoopal veto of an Englishman's right ta> appeal to law, is a blot and a shame that, oannot be long endured. 