St. Mary's R.C. Church Bazaar. The bazaar held in the Town Hall for the last three weeks was dosed on Mon <day evening. The bazaar has been very sparingly patronised. With the exception -ofthe last night and the previous Friday, the attendance has seldom reached 5o, -outside the workers, who appeared, per haps in consequence, unnecessarily nume rons. The results have not reached the amount hoped for by about £o?o. The Rev P. J. Aylward, who is at the head of affairs, desired to raise a sum of £500, which has to be paid to the bank by November next, He has been well backed up by the secretary of the bazaar, fr. L. P. Egan, and the committee, but the public have been wanting in their support, either through want of funds or lack of sympathy in the work. ;The race game did a roaring business, injider the superintendence of Messrs. Nangle and Mangan. Messrs. Brodie and J. Scully managed that most allu ring of pocket-empnters, most appropri ately named the American "Sweat," with marked success, the proprietors for the time being showing a keen appreciation of the times by raising or lowering the price cfentrance to the table. Mfr. Frank Scully wis helmsman at the third whirl igig, which, for the modest sum of one penny, entitled the winner to a prize varying in value from a bottie of tomato sauce upwards. The amusements were in the hands of Mr. Sexton, who succeeded admirably inhis task of filling the programme each evening. Miss Hooper, until the death of her father, officiated as pianist, and is avery good accompanist. During any performance that the baton was required, Herr De Clhaneet was to the fore and showed great command over his charges. Perhaps the most notable performance given was that by Professor Davis, who is appearing at the W?axworks. At Mr. Bergin's instigation, the proprietor of the Waxworks (Mr. Kreitmayer) was asked -to allow Mr. Davis to show his skill in impersonating Mrs. 3Iellon's creations, Cissie," "Josephine," and "Geordie'" ?Ie first appeared during the second -week of the Bazaar, but recognising that the performance was not so well adver tised as it-mieht have- been, the commit tee had it repeated last Friday, when a tmuch larger.audience was present. After s?preliminary.cantcr in the ",ay of some -feats of sleight of hand, ahicLd provoked -mu:h laughter and admiration, the serious 'business of the evening came on. As a preface a committee of investiga tion was formed, consisting of Fathers O'Doherty, Norris and Egan, Dr. O'Donnell, Crs Fogarty, Gardiner, and Pilkinaton, and Messrs. A. E. Born, T. Cain, D. Callaghan, J. Fitzgerald, and J. Kearney. A sub-committee of these gentlemen accomlpanied the performer int- one of the die-sing-tooms at the back of the stage, and searched him to find if he had any drapery, beards, or other paraphernalia secreted on his body, but found nothing cf that description on him. A further examination of the cabi net revealed nothing except a hand-bell and a tambourine that would be of any assistance to the professor in his perfor mance. His hands were theu tied firmly behind his back by Dr. O'Donnell and Cr. Gardiner. So tightly was the cord pulled that it made a deep mark in his wrist and completely numbed his hands. The knots were afterwards sealed, so as to prevent their being undone. The Profes sor was next enveloped in a black bag, the mouth of which was drawn tightly round his neck by a running tape, and securely tied, sewn, and sealed. He was then seated on a chair in the cabinet, the tapes were passed through thie back of the chair and tied tt it, and the ends were held by Mr. John Fitzgerald. The cabinet drapery was then drawn together, and the lights turned down and the ghosts waited for. They heralded their approach by a violent ringing of the bell and shaking of the tambourine. Sobf a form described by the Professor as "Cissie," appeared, clothed in a white garment, and announced her fondness for chocolates. She retired, and soon after wards "Josephine" made her appear ance, and when she returned to the cabi net, "Geordie" presented himself, and, in order to prove his substantiality, shook hands with his committee. When he had gained his retreat, the bell-ringing was resumed within the cabinet for some minutes, and when the noise stopped, Mr. Davis called out to have the lights raised. The curtains of the cabinet were drawn back and Mr. Davis was seen sitting on the chair exactly as he had been left at the commencement of the performance. He was then examined, and all the knots of the bag were found intact, as were also the knots in the rope on his wrist when he was released from the bag. On this being untied, he explained that the whole thing was trickery, and he challenged the audience to find out how it was done. He was only repeating the performance of Mrs. Mellon under severe conditions, which she would not submit herself to. It is no doubt very simple when you understand the nmodus oberrandi, but cer tainly to the uninitiated it approaches the miraculous. The popular idea is that Mr. Davis has a confederate, who acts as the ghost while be remains seated firmly on the chair in the cabinet. This is, however, effectively disposed of by the Professor emerging from the cabinet and lighting alitnelight,so that he was plainly visible to all the audience, and afterwards is found in the cabinet as previously described. 