THE IIAUNTED C MlllNEY. I " II tilheignerino will take my advice, he will not slet p in th s room." " And hby should I not sleep in this room, t Antoniio + " The fellow shrugged his shouldere, looked lt nbiout I.im mysteriously, thinu, cominga ste it nearer, began in a low voice: " Because-"I " What are you chatting about, you imn hecile? " the lt:dlord's voice broke in, as at this h. moment lie appeared at the door. The servant drew back, and though he beht his tongue, the expression of his face did not change. " The signor will doubtless wish to refresh II himself with n good night's rent, after hie long a journey," the landlord remarked to me. in the It obstquious tone of his class; then, turning im patiently to the servant again, he continued, " And you slanti here doing nothing, and by your idle gossil keep our guetnt from sleeping." it " It is not I who will keep hlilm from sleep. ing," muttered Antonio. as lie proceeded tc b nlastnl the straps of my portlanteau. " lassta, etlitgh t' exclaIIled his master, i angrily ; than to ie, in qiitie a suave manner, " ' wihl you a geo:l nightl reli'." iadding ri iusionatiegly. "' nou will not have allowed yolr t lind to htu p1rtuthedl by this fellow's idle I cllhattr " "Oh, no !" I answered chortly. h I was croes, nld too sleepy to heed theC unrnsy mnnltler of the l.ndlord, or the timidt, deprcraliitg glances of the servant. " Gtoodl iight," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to bhe alone. t" Gel night, and may your repose be tralnquil'. saying which, mine host bowed himse If Inot of the room. " Your servant, sir !" and Antonio made sn obeisance, then, passing close by ime, as he hurrii l o o tle (loir, where his master awaited I hint with visihle, ilmpatience he sinaged tc whisper, "' See that the tire-board i, fasOtend tight. and keep your candle burning. I ai at the tntl of the ball !" t 1 was a bit ostn tied by tills mysterious adlvice, timolgh to proud to bttray nevtutldeu pierturi. batile by demalldig anll exlnanatliot then alnd there. At that time I was an aspiring young art I studtitt, andi had coule to pubs a few weeks in Veniet,, where alone, of all the cities in Italy. dots tilt weotnlerfiul colouring of the shies en trance the pa:nter's soul, nud seem to defy his pialette. It was not lmy lirst visit to the "Queen of the Adtriatic," nor to this qule?r old inn. It was a tmb!te down building, which centurie It before had been a pa!nce--as the dwellings of tI he Italian :tliltly are called ; but the ages had collie ntll gene, antdl the lnse stcion of the race c which had foltlerly claimed this anionit its ntl-ierous resildelces had long since pas,:d t awny. Owing to the fact that it was situated t onil a sall l cot at somie dlistatnce from the 1 grand canal. it escaped general notice. 'To ascrnd to the apartments which at prtesent constituted the hoettlry, one hI:al to piss uiler c tile great arched doorway, through the empty ) space beyondl to the stairs, which le upit to the I second floor. Here, some of the palatial ro)ms c had beenl partitioned off into small apartmuents. On the occasion of my present visit the house was full, and thus one of the large rooms, I undlisturbed by nintotetth century carpenter nstr nmot, waes assigned to ote. It was bare ndt loity - lve twi. uinle,., xersl Ioet fron tltn h ioo:td out on tile i reolv stript; of wte sleetI . At this hour tlhey were bared by heavy wrutilen shltters, while flel hanogings drnpthed thet, cntld gave a strange, a:ltnost weird aspect to the deetp receses bove the little stoe little steps. Betweeni the windows stood a marble console, over which lmrung an oblong mirror in a tarni-hed gilt frtame. On one side of the roomn was the high, narrow hed'l, with canopya nil curtains lile those' at the winlows; atil it its left w:as the priedien; anl t.eright, the night table. Chllairs nelte placedl tiflly against the wall, around tli, reon.. At the farthir end of thlis vast aplrltment,nstld f::cing the beit, was the huge fireplace, whichl to. kled lack ittl fatlhomless as a oavern, by the. 'lim light which the candile shed throughout t tile rooln. Over this lung a stri, of failed I lalnlk, hke the ,ther dr.,peries ill texturen nti .le-igi ; it par!ially conccaletl tIts lireoarnd,1 wlnthl had bieen removei from its accustomedl place til placed on one side. I stood for a tmomnent listening to the retretit tmg feotltops, with a curiously ulneay fteling :, eluing over mle as Frerenutly they ceasedl andt 1 wacs still. I took up the -andle and pro o .dil to e a cloe a sulrvey of the room. I i I thIe various doors alcd windons, litinglli :heit all securely fastened ; opened the cunl 3ersome wardrobe, and --let me confess it ietually lhrked und,"r tin Led. Finally, I itoolped and gazed into the sombre depths oltihe ,ncient lirellace, and as I did so, mly light lirkered. I went back to the table, and, putting down i .he candle, opened my portmanteau and kegan to take out the necessary artich s. I debated. t little whether or no to put out the light, a vague tse Ise of une:tisiue? oppressing me which I wits oslanmed to acknowledge, even to myself, lhoe-but I t ft it burning. I fell into on ulescy sleep, the result of faliste and a late suppler, perhaps. I wats aaluelncd shlenlly by the stund of a heavy fall, followed by a death-like silence. I eat up In btd nld lotlked round the room, wondeling dlet 'ily why mey candle was still hblrning, and was at out to blow it oaut, wLenl Antlonio s mys terious advice came b.eck to te Again I fell sleelp, for how lotg I caltlnot say, when once more t was arosisd by Ihle noise of a dull thud, -nhl as the fal igg of a body would make. But this time, isl?te'd of utter silence-which before otad tirst startled me and then served to quiet my fears-a imotan fell upon the air. I sprang from the bed, ailnd, gralpinrg the cailttet ek, ill which the canidle was fast burn ilig inl its sekelt, I started across the room, to iinveustigat., if pissible, this sitrnge sollund. Five minutes later I was backl in bed again, and, inclincil to reprunch my silly fears, I turned over, and soon fell into a more restful slumber. It seemns to me, as 1 rtcall the happenings of that night, altt r the latpei 6of neny ye air that I couid scarcely h.ave closed my cyes when still I again, I was awkh, Iudl, this time by somtlthilg rolling down the clhimney t(hen fallitng healily upon the inarhll hearth. The candle flickered, anl before I had time to rcover myself, shot Sup one feebrh flame and went out. At that e instant the distant bills of Sa:n Marco-a-t least, I I fanriedl 'twnns th y--chimed the hour of thlr e The lovely sntmmer dawn aust be roeaking the cloudless Venetian skies ; but the barred casemeoll kept out even a lpossible ray of light.. I felt roulld over the cold marble top of the little table at Iny bedlside for the matches, alid just as I found one a tdeep gison fell Uelto my car,anld for a momeint my hand tru nlchd tio thlt SI could not strike it. At length I hnl it lighted Sonly to discover tllat, the olier candle was ou Sthe cenutre tihle. The little wax light was I buroning quickly ill my land, andil would bar ly . Ilast I get me across the room. I btelpedl y hastily to the floor, and moved over to where d the unllighted candle lstood. The illumination whichf thiu fresh one gave was dim and wnvertllg Sbut holding it steady until I felt sure that it would not go out, I walked overto the firc place, stopping suddenly short nsal stood within a few fret of it. My hand shook lreo that I could ecarcely lhold Sthe light, while it accsned to me that the loud I benting of niy heart must drown c-ly other c sound. For a momenlt Icoull not get my ireath Sthere, as t fclchtt a loug gasuing sigh. I Smcould fret tltecold peropiertion runitiintg ilowit my bhack. Just ill front of the great chimnniy, Swith wide opon eyes fastened upon me, lay a man's hed, sevtred fromln ha body, and with Sthe blnood flowing freshly from the neck. I pulhdlemyself tgutller, trying, as bhist I Seld,l to take in the situantion. lad a murider befe committied then and there, alid where was L theo bodly I stepped clo.er and closer, fasciua tid hiv the horror of the great, statling eyes, which seerlel to draw me no, when, esiudlenly,l Sfollu I nmysml look; ointo empty space. Tht lad had ,tis pposrc d !' o I dptrlel il ny kr.eis, ead still gr.sping .0 the nItitalet ct tLiclly Ipullt liL; to tihe gllin mouth of . tit ltl.O.a, t lule utuk.uWs hiuS. irrrs-slilh' lewt r Itoing me on until t waxa n the ppi i clsl. : morn; t thture that gha.tly netadl hldt lan. I, hated utward to peel into the chlimtnr.", oll n? miy c:o:dle a little to thrlw a strong:tr I:ght nluotU the lt Iitng, whenit a pgst extinguished 1t, and it, Ie darknetss which ftl lowed the il n:ce wias ir,,Iken only by a suc cession of low no an., twhich gradually died upon then air. The ca,,lestick fell from my now it rvo(kss hiand, ant I could bhear it rolling away beoind niSy reach. I opened my mouth to call, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. I made a last supirrhuman effort to free myself from thbc horriblo tear which was fast overpoaeriug Inc. Siruigglog to toy feet, I managed tontagger toward. where I Lblieved the windows were, only to sink upon the stonm steps, quaking with a new dread, as, even as I toucl.ed the drapery which hung beside it, a ray of light fell upon the floor, and the figure ol a man dragging a headless body applared before my terror-stricken eyes. It must have been two hours later that I opened my eyes, to iund honest Antonio heoding over toe. For a momentt the light pouring in from the ntpen casement almost blinded me. " My (lod ! What was it ?" I gasped, os the good fel!ow, putting his arms about me, hall carried me tlo thie te.. hie dli not reply, but moved qutickly back tf the other w.ntlow, remoi,ved the har, Omuwned wide thie wotoden ioutters, aned, picking up fromo the rstol the oil laup which he had probably thd in his hand when he ent.ered tilt- rioul, put it on the console. 1then, still silent, he went toward thie liretace, and taking tip the great tirel onrd put it into place, remarking laconi cally as he did Fo; " The signorino forgot to fasten in the fire. hoard, it appears." With the light of day pouring into the room, and tue sweet mnlrning air gently moving tile shadows on the wall, the horror of the night began to disapprar, alnd I felt my sIrength returning. I watched Antonio uatl tried to think ; but nmy brait was not in working order, nil the very riort made me dizzoy. Antonio, turniing fromnt the himltney, loked at me, then taking utp my flask from the table, poured some of its contents into a glass, and bringing it te " Drink that. I will bring you your coffee in a few moments." " flow did you get in ?" I asked him whec he returned wiith the be'erage. " The bignorino aokedl tie to call him at dawn, as ho wished to studtly sunrise effects : so I catme early to the door. I Icew when I received no answer to mly knocks, that some thing had happened. It was not lillicult tc force the old lock.":' " Tell me, what was it ? It was too real te harebehenatnightmare. VWhat was it, Antonio ?' " Tile ignorilo does lot klow ? Anlu yet it is an old story here. 'Twas thie ghost of the murdered iman." " It was not a ghost at all i" I excrlaimed " It was a head." " The same thing." i lave you ever seen it ?" "a God forbid !" And Antonio crosed him self. "I shall not pass another night in this house." "No ? Atndl only last spring, a painter, one of your colipnotriots, came hereo ronm lome, aind stayed inl this very rooml on purpose to see the head. lie went away much disappointed, for it never appeared to hitm, though he did hear it in the chimney." 1By this time I was dressed, hut was doter mined to hear the story before I left. It had begun to dawn upon me that Antonio ditt not mean to tell it. " Come, Antonio," I began. At this moment my gondolieriaippeared at t dooer. " I'roncesco knows it better than I: and besides," sali Antonio. " we are not allowed to tall abiout it in this house." rancesco wits really ectough to repeat the grue.some tale, auld wit all the dr.inatic fervour of his race, twent over it in detail. It was toward the middle of the last century Ithat Duitke Gerol,tlto de (ierolantet livted itn I this, lhis testral honllme, with hIls two soilns aild hli. waird, the only child of his ni-ter. It was imitt.oled that the he.ir to the proul old name should lmarry the tair young cutowil, stnd o course the wayward girl fell in love with the yolunger onl, HlO returlCned her passion tentold. ButL tile gusr.lian ano uncle laughebe at thia childish fully, and calmly fixed the weddling day. tMeantime, the hatred of h,, hrothiers grew. The elder was eunragedtl ecl u .is hie could tlt.t wI n the louv of the woman who was to be his wife ; the younger was furiolus ad lt espairing tmecnul.i, Itir.utI tlhit nrliitetit of hirth l which sessio oi he.r rho mladee Idale e wortt h Ititna g. It was the eve of the weddit.n, which was I etltined never to he, that Itl ir lat Iand intal tquiarrel tok . is tol tlhat Doil Alessan iro tauid to tht Ieir " If I cannot have hebrr, thllen yoil .hall not !" t In vain tile lovely lancllall, drawn thither by their loud words, tried to stol thlem, weeping anod protesting that Nile, the unhappy cause of their discusomoi, woould kill hers-ll if they did Snot cease, then aind there, their strife. Hler I presenice oly added fuel to the l*lmie. Tin men fought like ligers, and when, at length, Alessandtro fell at his brother's fret, the heir, now tlItie liesilo himself, tiand withl the thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword i ncross the neck, severing the head from the Sbody. illly tht n, its a sldeep rroan fell upon the air, Stlld for the last litio tthe eyes opleltd andti gzeit lstendily et himit, dil the n.ur.itrd r realist, pierhapl, his crime. Wt'llh the cllunningi no a miadman, he draogged thu hIeadless trusit acreoa the ronom, and witlh a sIullroln effort liftel tile I ghastly burdlen and threw it into the narrow (:IanIl which Ilowed silently beneath the wlntldowl.: Ile salrktd back to dislUone of the ilead, Itao Shit as he stoeped to take it up, a low inoan felt upon hlis ear. Blanca lay as she had falten iupon the hearth, and evtn is the young Get;olatnio bent over her prostrate formn, trrathltit out her life in a lotng-draw..n igh. The hend, t which he had dropped when attracted by Blanca's mnout, rolled into the fireplr.ce andt disappIeared. 'il The her died soon after in a madnman's 1 h chains, and the chililess, Ibroken-hearl.dl fatll r followed hin quickly to the glrave. Thotdi.tant heirs had gladly dispose:l of tfhe pllelc for a lonominal sum, encuimberedl as it atis ly tila" mory of a fearful tim and the bleedhlg bhead which hanlted it at interoval. si" WoIen imate a great deasl of trouhll," aaied k'rranlcesco, by waiy of coicluIiou. " Now, if the beautiful Bianca had not made the mistk . Sof failing in love with the wrong man !" An I expressive gesture finished the sentience. " It is said," he remarked, after a pause. " that 1 only when the skull of the nimurdeutad man can a be found will his ghost cease to trouble the ,occupants of that root,. How tired," he added t nai?ely, " the head mist be, rilling up itd down the chimney ! Almosat ill hear it, few t see it. The signor painter was one of these." The goindola Itss sloppetd just opposie'San ir Miogi laggiore, where the artists aere asseniblecd even at this early houtr, stuldying the ever-chntging beauty of the old church in th?e' esoft morning light. Miy pctllil strayed oer the canvas: hst ' I instead of the outline of the church it weau thats of a nlau'a head, which, as the daiy wore ont. Sgrow into the likenesseol theonne I had seen the t pirevious nliglt. I There is ltlhing more tu crny. The storyl p the haunted chaulber is too wll iknosno to IeELd y furthler troof freulll tei, wblin as to anly Iwetnrlso I, experience withl it, t can adi notltinlg. t I lhave rchlted facts as thei uccturred. it Pucrptics my laugh at any stula, andtlltttntt I, uightalnre and ther consequencetrr s oif a tlo . tupper; I know better. line tlhit g, remneul.;i, p 1 did not hear the tale until the day followini lI mny visit from the ghost. -. have visited Vuice tllany times since then ; te but I have never returned to that old palace Id on thb little canal. 