SOLVED BY TIME. A STORY OF THE EUREKA STOCKADE. BY J.C. ( James Crozier ) CHAPTER XV. Continued. By this time they had reached the summit of a ridge, which was evidently an offshoot from the great extinct volcano - perhaps a torrent of its lava originally. The black, who was in advance, suddenly stopped and picked up a stone. " Um, boss !" he said, handing the stone to Tom. Tom took the stone, and with an exclamation of delight he called to his two companions. " Talk of a thing and its ghost is at hand. Here has Markey picked up as pretty a bit of gold as one could wish to see. The stone is actually half gold, and the parts are held together by the metal." " They all pulled up to have a look and admire. The bright metal was passed from hand to hand, and the men seemed half inclined to jump from their horses there and then and try for gold at once. Their prospecting arrangements were wanting, and they rode on full of the subject, an the chances for the future. Tom asked Markey if he was to keep the specimen, and the black showed most lordly indifference as to whether he did or not. " Plenty stones over Palarat," he said. " Get lots if you like um." They rode on, still talking about the gold. To pick up the gold from the ground in that sort of style was wonderful to the strangers, and indeed to Bill Anderson. Why, a fortune could be run up in no time at that rate, and the young men had no sort of objection to getting a fortune on such easy terms. They soon left Markey behind them. They told him the direction in which they were going to travel, and that was quite sufficient for him. Then they swept round the base of Buninyong, and came within view of the black slopes of Warrenheip. " Shanaghan, I must tell you," said Bill, " is more than suspected of making a wee drop of the cratur on the sly, and that was what brought him over to Helltoff's when you met him. If he does, he has chosen a rare place for running his factory. The water is capital, and I understand that that is an essential." The track was by no means easy to follow. The level meadows were in curious contrast to the abrupt steps which were left by the old lava ridges, and all was covered by a dense mass of foliage which left the path in almost continuous shade. Turning round a spur of the mountain the men found themselves at the entrance of a narrow ravine, at one side of which there ran a little mountain stream, the bubbling of which echoed over the whole valley. Up this ravine, which at places was almost precipitous, the men rode until they came to a little weatherboard cottage with a trim, well-kept garden before the entrance. "This is Shanaghan's," said Bill, as he dismounted. " I wonder if he is at home. If he is we shall see the still at work, I hope." He went through the garden and knocked at the door. It was opened by a young woman of some 25 years of age. The strangers at the gate were almost startled at her wonderful beauty. She was Irish, evidently. The Green Island alone can be the birthplace of those deep grey eyes, fringed with the long curling lashes which droop on the white and rounded cheek. Nora Shanaghan was beautiful, and she paid for the fatal distinction. " Oh, Miss Shanaghan," said Bill and anyone near him would have seen that he blushed - "we were riding past, and we thought we should call over and see your brother. My friends here are anxious to thank him for having rendered them a very great service yesterday." " Owen is not in," said the girl. " He was away all day yesterday, but will not your friends come in and rest ?" Nora spoke with a certain refinement, but the refinement had not obliterated the soft music of the brogue. " Certainly they will, certainly," said Bill. " Miss Shanaghan wants, us to go in," said he, calling out to the men at the gate, " and I am sure you both feel tired." Bill evidently wanted Tom and James to accept the invitation, and accordingly they dismounted and hitched their horses to the fence. Nora turned for a moment, to take into her arms a fine little boy of some five or six years old, who ran out of the cottage and clung to her skirts, shyly glancing from behind them at the gentlemen who came up. " Hello, Bobbie, how are you today?" asked Bill. "Any more tumbling off trees ?" Bobbie did not answer, but Nora did for him, and told Mr. Anderson that Bobbie had not ventured up a tree for nearly a whole day after his last fall. Tom and James were introduced to Miss Shanaghan. Was it fancy ? James could have sworn when his name was mentioned that Miss Shanaghan grew deadly pale, and pressed her hand to her heart. But if the name, recalled any memories, only a passing weakness betrayed Nora's interest in it. She recovered her composure at once. " Glad to see you, gentlemen. Friends of Mr. Anderson are always welcome. I am sorry my brother is not in to receive you." " Well I'm sorry too," said Tom. If it had not been for him I should probably not be standing here talking to you." Nora looked up inquiringly. " Yes, it is a fact," he continued, " he saved my life yesterday sure enough. A fellow who, I understand, is Douglas, the bushranger, would have shot me through the head only Mr. Shanaghan threw up the pistol. It is no ordinary call, therefore, we are making this morning, I assure you." " You see," said Bill, "both of these gentlemen have just arrived here from England, and they have not had time to become accustomed to our ways yet. Douglas is about again, and we have to look out." " And where did Owen see him ?" asked Miss Shanaghan. " At Helltoff's, yesterday afternoon." The whisky was brought out and discussed. If it was the product of a little still, the brewer and distiller was up to his business. Bobbie made friends with the gentlemen very quickly, but took most of all to Bill, who was no stranger. In fact, the latter was exceedingly attentive to the young gentleman, and through him to the lady. " Your little brother," said Bill, " is growing into a fine fellow. By-the- bye," he continued, looking at the child, and then at James Murdoch, " there is a wonderful resemblance between him and this gentleman. Do you not notice it ?" " Notice it - certainly not," said Nora, taking the child rather pettishly on her knee. " One can't notice what does not exist. Have you heard," said she, changing the subject, " that gold has been found between this and your place, Mr. Anderson. Owen was tel ling me so last night, and he says we may expect any day to be swarmed out. It will feel strange to have people all about us in these lonely places. Jack Ostler, your shepherd, was passing the other day, and he said the loneliness would soon drive him mad." " Well he will not be lonely if the country gets the gold fever. There have been great things done in California. But there really is gold here, Miss Shanaghan. Look at this." Bill handed the quartz specimen to Nora, who examined it carefully. " Well, all I can say," she said, handing it back, " I'm sorry for it." " Well, you at least need not be sorry for it," said Bill. " It won't do you any harm." She looked earnestly at him, and said, " you don't know all." Nora's manner became so frigid that the three men conceived that their presence was not wanted. Neither Tom nor James were much troubled about the matter, but it was different with young Anderson. It was plain Nora's mood was of some moment to him, and he endeavored to break through the hedge of reserve with which she had suddenly surrounded herself. But it was no use. Nora became decidedly chilly, and at last the gentlemen got up to leave. " I have known several people of your name," said she, speaking to James. " Am I right in supposing you come from Ireland ?" " Don't you see Irishman writ large In his face," Bill interrupted. But he is a Black North man, and a heretic." " We are from Limerick," said Miss Shanaghan. " What part of the North do you come from, Mr. Murdoch ?" " South Tyrone," said he. " I came out here with my cousin Kate." " And that reminds me that Kate is my cousin, too," said Bill, " and that she is lovely enough to make every one of our colonial ladies jealous - even you, Miss Shanaghan," he said in a lower tone. " She certainly was a very lovely girl when she was young," James said, "but to lose her father, mother, and brother within a few weeks of each other takes away a lot of the youthful bloom." There was no mistake this time. Nora turned deathly pale, and catching the child convulsively to her breast, sank into a. chair. Then by a mighty effort she recovered just as she seemed on the point of fainting. Bill had at the first symptom rushed to the water bottle, and held a glass of the liquid, to her lips, but she gently put it aside. " I do not know," she said, " what ails me today. I feel feverish and hysterical. I shall be better in a few minutes, and need not detain you, gentlemen." She rose with something of an effort, and held out her hand in farewell with a very faint smile. Tom and James bowed over it, but Bill remained behind to offer his services with more effect after they had gone. The two friends had already mounted when he came out, and it was with no satisfied countenance he unloosed his nag and leaped into the saddle. CHAPTER XVI. " What a beautiful girl she is," said Tom, as they rode away. " Yes," Bill answered, " she is very lovely." " Her brother is a good-looking fellow, too ; but he is almost too big to be called handsome." " Owen is a decent enough fellow except when he gets on the spree, and then, well, he's not fit for a small tea-party of maiden ladies." " Have the Shanaghans been long here ?" asked James. " It strikes me she must have known some people of my name before. It was a bit strange that she should have shown so much emotion when I was introduced to her." " Oh, that's nothing. Her emotion was not about you - don't fancy yourself. She was only thinking of her brother. They came here about four or five years ago. Bobby was only a baby at the time. Nora said his mother died immediately after the youngster was born. Nora was always reserved, and would not have anything to do with any of us. You know, they are our nearest neighbours." " And what does the brother do ?" " Well, he has a few cattle ; but I think his money is made, what there is of it, from a wee still he has somewhere up in the mountain. I thought he would show it to us if he had been at home. We are not too much law abiding in the bush, and so long as he does not trouble us otherwise, he may make enough for the colony without our bothering. He comes from near Limerick, and I hear they can brew and distil there to perfection. I am sure one always gets a drop of real stingo when he drops into his place." " She must find it awfully dull when her brother is away." " Yes, she must," said Bill. But the subject was not altogether to his fancy, and he put spurs to his horse. " Ah, my young friend," James thought, "Nora would not be long lonely if you had your way." They rode at a hand gallop, till they reached the banks of a little river, which wound its crooked course amongst some swelling hills, covered to their summit with trees. In every direction the soil seemed the same, arid, and studded with white pebbles of quartz. Suddenly in a little bend they caught sight of a scene that riveted their attention. Two men were bent over the water, and closely examining the contents of a large, shallow dish which one was holding up to the light. One of them turned to look at the newcomers. It was Shanaghan. The other flung the dish behind a clump of bushes, and turned also. " Hillo, Bill, is that you ? How are you today ?" " First-class and spiffing, Owen. We were over at your place to call on you. I suppose you don't recognise these two gentlemen, though they have very good reason to recollect you ?" " Don't know when I saw them before, but I have somewhere." " Only yesterday at Helltoff's, man. You must have a short memory." " Now I'm on the racket. It was you," he added, turning to Tom, " that Douglas sent a bullet after." " Yes, it was after me he sent it, and I have to thank my stars you were there, or it would have found an uncomfortable billet in my head." " He is a surly beggar that. I've often enough thought of saving the hangman a job, but it is none of my business." " Gad ! I think it is everyone's business, but then I'm only a new chum yet." " Every day you will be less of that, Mr. - " " Malcolm," said Bill, when he saw Shanaghan hesitate. " This is Mr. James Murdoch. They have been only a few weeks in the colony." Shanaghan looked long at Murdoch, so long, indeed, that Murdoch felt relieved when he turned away his eyes. " Well, gentlemen, you will find many queer things in this country, and"- with a sarcastic smile -" the men are about the queerest of all. Your first acquaintance with bushmen in the shape of our friend Douglas was not very promising." " He is not a fair specimen, I should think," Tom said. "Talking about specimens, there is a good one." He handed over tho quartz which Markey had found to Shanaghan. " Where did you find that ?" said the latter in great excitement. " Look here, Jones," he called to the other man who was standing near. " Look at this. There's what we are after. Lumps like that - lumps like that." Jones took the specimen and examined it carefully. . " There's good gold where that came from," he said. " Are you men going to work it ? If not, you might put us on to the lay." " We have not made up our mind whether we'll work it or not," said Bill. " If we don't, of course Shanaghan will be the first we will tell. In fact, we don't know much about the business, or if there is anything to be made at it." " Anything to be made at it !" repeated Jones. Why, man, I've been in California, and know what's to be made at it. Owen and myself have been on the lookout now for some time. There is a prospecting party over the hill that has done well. Hiscock is the man's' name that bosses it. They've found the gold sure enough, and so have we. We had just washed a prospect when you came up. The color is there, but nothing equal to what you have." He went to the clump of bushes and brought out the dish which he had thrown behind it. " Here is a prospect." There were lying in the dish the remains of the dirt and stones which had been washed in the river. The larger stones had been thrown aside and the sand, well washed, covered the inside of the dish and spread all over the white surface. Dipping the dish in the water he made the liquid sweep round and round with a dexterous motion of his hand. As the vessel was a little tilted all the stuff formed a layer at the bottom, and then, by continuing the circular motion, the dross was driven down, and there appeared a little ridge of bright gleaming metal above. " That's gold," Jones said, " and as good a prospect as any one could expect from the surface. It is only a matter of time to prove all these gullies, and before six months they all will be proved. Yes," he continued, in a quiet, reflective tone, " before one year there will be thousands of men at work in this solitary flat." Our friends had dismounted and were standing round the prophet. A very prosaic prophet he was. He was a man of calm, quiet features, with nothing of the madness of the seer in his eyes. He wore rough corduroy trousers, braced up by a strong leather belt ; a strong, coarse shirt was the only upper garment he sported, and no collar adorned his brown and sinewy neck. His head gear had seen better days. But he was a type of the Australian pioneer, who has left his mark deep in the history of a great country. The dish was handed round from one to the other. Not even Jones himself realised all that was meant by that insignificant little vessel - nor do we know it all ourselves. The full realisation will only be known by future generations. At any rate, it meant the foundation of a new country - a new departure in history, the birth of a new nation. To Be Continued. 