If there was one evil more than another which was denounced in the most unquali fied terms by the various witnesses that Rave their evidence before the Kailway Inquiry Board it was Political Influence and tho damaging efl'ect it has had upon tho most valnable of the national assets. Experts and non-experts who difl'ered front eaclt other 011 other points wero unanintons in declaring that no reform of tho railway management would bo of the smallest good that did not extirpate the canker-worm that has been secretly or openly carrying on its dostructivo work under every system that lias been tried. Unfortunately the general public, who are tha real losers by its depredations, have not the evidence before them, nnd can only havo a vague notion of tho ox tent of the loss that tlicy sustain, and of tho seriousness with which the mischief is regarded by those who are behind the scenes and speak from personal experience. It may stimulate their interest n little and help them to a cerrect estimate of its gravity if wo let a few of the most reliahlo witnesses speak for themselves. This, for example, is what Mr. Kibble said : — I think if yon remov.d political influonoe tho mnnngetnent would he good -enough, a. .liming the lines were proper ones and that thuy were followed out. It is that influence whioh was bad in the past. The discipline is pretty good (there are individual casce where it might be better perhaps), but tbe etell would be moro easily managed if it was altogether separated from political influenoe. While politicalinfluence exists it will be brought to bear. It always haB been, and it always will be ; and if it ie resisted you mako enemies— that is, tho person in power will. Mr. Kent, one of the oldest officers in the de partment, takas the same view : — " I would " like to see the political influence entirely " done away with." Mr. Richardson, who ought to know if anybody does, is more explicit : — " What lias been termed political " influence I want to abolish, but 1 want to ' fully establish Parliamentary influence. " The Queen's Hall is used by men whose "business it is to influence members." Mr. Holmes, telegraph superinten dent, supports Mr. Richardson. In reply to the question, " Have the " railways been subject to political in- " fluence or the influence of members of " Parliament?" he said " They certainly " have, and that influence has weakened " the sprganisatiou of the service." Mr. Reid, of the Accountants' Branch, followed to the same effect : — " The first stop should " be to remove the railways absolutely out " of touch with politics." The following is the statement of tho late assistant traffic manager : — From your sxperlencs have yon found politics to have a great deal of influeuce in the manage ment of the railways?— Undoubtedly. In altering the rates on goode by meant of deputations ? — Yes, decidedly. Many of the alterations are made through the influence of deputations of members of Parlia ment?— Yes, ami by mombtrs of Parliament privately. A former member of Parliament bears witness against himself " I have assisted " on one or two occasions myself to keep " men in the department who if they had " got tlieir deserts would have boon sent " about their business. Because I refused " to see Mr. Speight on behalf of a man " who jeopardised people's lives, and cnused " damage to rolling stock, I made " himself and his entire family my " bitter enemies." Mr. Deakin's experi ence has keen obtained from another source, hnt it is equally emphatic. " It has been " my lot," lie told the House in the best and weightiest speech, after the Premier's, it has listened to upon tho subject, " to wade through many " hundreds of files of railway papers, and "were it necessary, speaking only of tho " past, 1 could quote instanoos show- " ing that thero was no transaction "of that department, with . which indi- " vidua! members had not interfered. " Thero was nothing done in which tho " Minister was not subject to that influ- " ence, whether I10 resisted it or uot. Jn " the fresh applications for appointment, " in all subsequent promotions through " successive stages of men thuB appointed, " in their transfer from one place to " another, in their differences with fellow " officers or superiors, in appeals against " penalties with which tlicy were threat- " ened for breaches of tho railway by- laws, " in every action that could possibly be " conceived, tho letters of members of Par- " liament, interceding ou their behalf, are " appended to the official papers." It would be easy to supplement this cata logue of evils of which political influence is the fertile source with the testimony of other non-political witnesses out of the Board's Roport, hut we do not think it is necessary. Mr. Richardson, it will he ohsorved, distinguished between political and Parliamentary inlluenco, nnd it is important that this distinction Bhould ho borne in inind throughout the discussion. Parliamentary influence is not only indis pensable to tho safe management of a costly public work like the Railways, but it would he unconstitutional to abolish it if wo could. Mr. Turnor lias tnkon special precautions to safeguard it la his Bill, tkuugh the advocates of wote political niRnagomeiit do not Boem to bs awaro of it. Among otlior tilings ho brings in tho Governor in Council, who is to appoint tho General Mnuagor; ho makes the Ministor of Railways chairman of tho Trust ; lie com pels tho Trust to submit any by laws and regulations it may make in regard to freights nnd faros for the approval of Parliament ; and he intordicts it from incurring any expenditure on. im provements or now works without Parlia mentary sanction. A good ileal of unneces sary anxiety has been caused about the prospect of tho Board being hope lessly infected by the now spirit of commercialism which coincs up on tho floor of the House cvory now and then in tho fashion of Banquo's ghost to frighton the spectators. As a matter of fact, to attempt to niniittgc tho railways on strictly noil-commercial linos would be ns absurd as to try and win a battle on strictly humanitarian principles. As Mr. Denkin very pertinently observed:— A moment's consideration will show that this antithesis between eommcioialisin and national ism is a fallacy. Wo all doslro tho liighost degreo of true commercialism wo OAn scoure in tho department. That is to say, we want tho kecneet eye for traflio nud the quickest hand to seizo profits combined with administration of tho most oounomioal ohnrnoler. We dosiro to make tile departmont, as far ns wo can, subject to national ooatrol, a perfect ombudimcnt of aotnmerolal principles in its iunor working. What wo doaire to avoid, and what justly exoites the warmth of the honorabio member lor Richmond (Mr. Trenwith), is the speolnolo of oommcroialisrn in its unrestricted application to railways, as seen in the United Statos of Ainorica. Whan he sorb those ontorprieos run ning their course from unbridled speoulstion la bankruptcy in a short-sighted greed which sacri fices, not only the interests of thu shareholders, but the interests of tho employes, lie naturally revolts from the idea that suoh a statu of tilings should evor he established in this colony, Thero iB no such prospset for this colony, and no suoh proposal in this Bill. It is quite competent for Parliament to interpose when it thinks that the com mercial management may ho relaxed a Iittlo, even though it should involve a loss by so doing. For instance, Parliament may determine that a concession ought to be made to local enterprise, and direct that tho railways should use Victorian coal in preference to tho imported article iu spite of any differenco in the cost ; or it may"diro«t the Trust to strike a preferential rate in favor of the farmers' produce. In both cases it would sanction a present loss in tho hopo of an ultimate gain, and yot in both caaes it would be acting strictly from commercial motives. Whether tho proposed Board should ho composed of commercial men in part or in whole is another aspect of tho ques tion, and in face of tho fact that it will he able to do nothing without tho sanction or supervision of Parliament we cannot help thinking that the pro posal lias excited a good deal more dis cussion than it deserves. Tho great crux of railway management is undoubtedly tho traffic in freight nnd passengers, and tho evidence is overwhelming that this is a department which requires special know ledge. The ablest manager or tha most assiduous Commissioner may involve the country in serious loss if lie is without that knowledge ; yet in almoBt every case tho pre sumption is thntthegreatcr his professional attainments in the strictly scientific branches, the less ho is qualified in commer cial respects. Itisto makeup his deficiencies that tho Board is designed, and so long as it performs its functions it is immaterial from what class its members are selectod. Our own opinion is that the country people should ho represented upon it, not only because they have special interests to protect, but to prevent tho prepon derance of the purely metropolitan element. Tho fact that its members are not connected with tiie railways officially, as Commissioners have hitherto been, would give it an independence that the latter have occasionally lacked. If they only relieved tho general managor from the invidious duty of receiving and answering deputations, something will have been gainod towards the extinction of the bane of Political Inlluenco ; but while they did this, tlioy would also do a good deal more, such as letting contracts, dealing with tenders, hearing appeals from the staff, approving of train services, look ing after tho refreshment rooms and hook- stalls, and a hundred other matters that can only ho treated perfunctorily by Com missioners who have the management ot the entire railway system upon their shoulders. To quute Mr. Dealt in once more : — The new scheme which the Government has submitted to tho House is not greatly different from the existing system. It proposes to take four men from outsido tho department, men who arc, or may bo, in touch with the commer cial community, men of business kabitH aud intelligence, who have the advantage of being free from departmental prejudices ; while tho present syBtom of management is by three mou of long experience in the Railway department, lftilway experts, but subjeot to departmental prejudices through having rim so long in tho departmental groove. Thero are advantages and disadvantages in both systems, and aftor all that; can be said in favor of both, tho result must certainly fall short of perfection. Compro mise is the essence of all human experi ments in government. Mr. Denkin curiously enough foresees all sorts of awkward conflicts and deadlocks arising out of the relations of the Minister of Railways and the Trust. IIo thinks that the Trust will look upon the Minister with suspicion as repre senting the Parliamentary element on tho Board, whilo both may excito tho jealousy of the General Manager. But the sniuo objection may he urged against a Legis lature consisting of two Houses, one of which sits as a check upon the other. Friction occasionally occurs, it is truo; but as yet nobody lias been able to devise a system which shall he absolutely friction- loss. IT must be a severe shook to the Conser vative mind of General Tulloch to find an English Queen's Counsel writing, and an English magazine publishing, an article recommending such a Socialistic measure as the improvement of working class houses iu England by State advances of money. One can imagine tho warrior in villcffiaiura spending half an hour every morning at the grindstone patting a superfine edge on his sword in anticipation of the revolution which must follow such inflammatory utterances. Mr. Bompas, Q.C., however, does not seem to havo been deterred by any terrors of a socialistic i mcute from advo cating some drastic reform, and he lias chosen the columns of such an eminently respectable medium as the Fortnightly Review for tlio ventilation of his opinions. Must of his remarks apply moro o specially to London, but they are also applicable to botli urban and agricultural homes throughout tha English provinces. A roport on tho housing of the working classes mode some time ago by a royal commission showed that 46 per cent, of the population paid from one quarter to one half of their incomes for house rent, and tho serious problem now faces Lord Salisbury's Government to discover bow rents can ho reduced. Iu free-trade England one of the inost grievous of the fiscal burdens is the poor rate. Ever since tho time of Queen Elizabeth, when this tax was first imposod, it has beon levied on real property alone. At first there was an evident reason for auch a discrimination, because almost all property consisted of realty, nnd it is only tho complox naturo of the modern aocial organisation with its creation of shares nnd bonds and other personalty that makes a continuation of tho old systoin unfair. Much linn boon said ns to tho question whether the rates ultimately fall upon the landlord or tho occupier, hi cases whero a higher rate prevails iu a parish than in 1111 adjacent one the rate ih paid by the landlord, for occupiers would otherwise ho able to secure lower rents elsewhere, lhit iu a city like London, whero rates nrc common to all parishes, tlieso rates will fall u))im tho occupier, ami his rent will only vRry according to tho extent of accommodation for which ho is nblo to pny. As the present time tho local rates raised in London amount to about £8,000,000 sterling annually, and Mr. Bompas suggosu that this amount should eense to he raised locally, but should ho procured liy adding 6d. in tho pound to the tax upon all incomes over £260 a year. Suoh a lax would givo £5,000,000, and ho proposes to raise tha remaining £3,000,000 by a duty of 2s. a ton on coal, a tax upon moat, and an incrcaso in tha licence fee of piihlichouscs. The propositi is by no means inequitable, for whilo it would relievo householders <mf tho rates, they would bo obliged to pay in proportion to their actual incomes and with due regard to their consumption of what may to some extent bo considered ns luxuries. Tlicre is one grave objection to this part of the Bchemo which docs not appear to havo suggested itself to Mr. Bompns. Tho taxation would becomo Imperial in stead of local, and it is an un doubted fact that local authorities are not nearly so economical in expending money which conios to thorn indirectly as when tho rates themselves supply the sinews of war. In discussing tho question of enabling working men to becomo owners of their own houses, Mr. Bompas is on firmer ground. According to tho scheme advo- cntod liy Mr. Chamberlain, tho prosont Secrolavy of Stato for the Colonies, it was proposed that the State should lend to tenants four fifths of the valuo of their houses, to ho repaid with interest at 3 per cent. It was calculated that by extending the payments over 20 yoars tho annual pay ment of the working man would bo 0110 fifth loss than his present rent, a sum amply sufficient to pay for necessary repairs, especially when we bear in mind that the tenant would bo able to perform almost all that was needful himself. Bub Mr. Chamberlain's schemo is unfortunate in one respect. Few London working men havo the moans at their command to pny down tho 0110 fifth of tho purchnso money which his system requires. Mr. Bompns, therefore, remembering tho success with which tho State has advanced the full purchase monoy to tho Irish tenants, proposes that tho Imperial Govornmant should advance four fifths, as suggosted by Mr. Chamberlain, and that tho local authorities, who would have special knowledge of each locality and of the sufficiency of the security, should advance tho remaining one fifth. In this way the working man would only be obliged to pay four fifths of his present rent, and at tho end of twenty years he would possess the freehold of his house. It would also hava tho additional ndvan- tago of solving thoold age pension problem, for the owner of such a tenement could nt tho conclusion of Iiis twenty years' pay ments either sell his house or by living in one part and renting the remainder obtain enough money to provide htm with food. There are, of courso, certain difficulties in the way of such a scheme, hub they are more apparent than real. Tlio first objec tion is that persons who obtained bouses by Stato help would not live in them, bub would let them out at higher rants. But the experienco of America and other cuuntrios lias invariably been that once a man lias acquired tho habit of living in his own bouse, lie particularly dislikes returning to the old system of tenancy ; and there is 110 earthly reason why, although he does possess tho freehold, it should not be stipulated that houses acquired with State advanced money should only he used for the occupa tion of tho owner, or, if not so used, should he surrendered to tho local authority at a valuation. Another objection is that workmen havo to follow their work, aud that changes of residence mnst therefore he frequent. There is, however, no reason why tho working man's payments mado on one house should not he transferred and cre dited to him on another residence, so that it should becomo his property as soon as lie had continued regular payments for the twonty years. And if it is objected that the legal expenses of such a transfer and tho search for title would ho expensive, there is no reason that liousos upon which advances have been made should not bo registered and transferred as simply as tlicy can be in Australia under tho Torrcns Act. Mr. Bompas does not seein to think that thero would be any need for a clause providing for compulsory sales, but our experience ltore with village settlements goes far towards demonstrating that such a clause is needful. There is not, however, any reason for fearing that such a clause would injuriously affect private property; on the contrary, it is probable that by increasing the number of purchasers the value of saleable pro- pcrty wonld bo also increased. Of courso bard shell Tories like General Tulloch will ho terrified at what to them reprcsonts the bogey of Socialism, hnt the present British Ministry is not to bo scared by such spectres. A Royal Prince has already said, " We aro " all Socialists nowadays," meaning that overyone recognises that the era of laisscr /aire has gone, and that tlio State cun and ought to interfere for the goneral good. Mr. Balfour's light railways and land purchase acts in Ireland are evidence of this recognition. 