? THEY WERE DISCOVERED. A TRUE DlIiGTIVE STORY. [We take the following very interesting article from tho Argus of Angust 17, with the explanation that the enquiries referred to were made by the joint telegraph io agents of the Argus, Sydney Sforning Herald, and South Australian Register, and that the interviews and other information about the Deeming o&Bes; appeared in the papers mentioned simultaneously.] It was bitterly cold in the city on the 9th of March, 1392, and tiny stalactites of fclowJy thawing ice hung from the heavy moustache of a strongly built man who had just come in from the street outside and was resting his elbows on the mahogany writing- table of one of the largest dealers in dairy produce in London. The dealer and bis visitor talked in rapid confidential tones upon business matters, upon tbe prices and qualities ai>d gradoB of butter, upon the state of the market, cargoes and methods of packing, the present glut and the future prospects of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Cling-a-liug-a-ling went an electric bell aoross the paefttge, and in a moment or two a wall-drilled offica-boy knocked at the door, ami, addressing the latest comer, said, " You're wanted at the telephone, Sir." The stoutly built man stepped aoross to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear. "Hullo, there IB that you, Lowe?" came a voic« out of nowhere, Disentangling itself with difficulty from the confused current of interwoven noiBes that crossed each other on the tingling wires. "Yes. Who's speaking ?" " Townend, at the Argus office. Look here, I wsat to see you as ajou ae possible. There's a big muvdur caae on in Australia, and we've just gnu a cable from the olljce in Melbourne instructing us to make enquiries at this end. Bo art sharp as you can." Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the London staff of the Argus, dropped the instrument, hastily apologised to the merchant, and went down the office staircase thren steps at a time. Commerce absorbs a large amount of tbe average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks into insignificance in the presence of —Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend were staring intently at the sheet of paper lying on tbe table before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, " Inquire Scotland-yard, Williams murder. Send portraits. Inter vie smother." Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe interrogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. Townend affirmatively. "All right," he said, " I'll look after it." The Bow-street officials were polite but unsatisfactory. They had never heard of a murder in Australia in whioh a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had asked them for details about a man named Smith wanted fqr a forgery committed on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed to disolose any accounts of the murder mentioned in the cable message, and two hours had passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed upon the occurrence. 'Scotland - yard, cabby," shouted the stoutly built man through the aperture in the roof of the hansom, and sat back in the seat to think hard, as the experienced London oabborse skated over the slippery wood-blocks of the Strand, heading for the mysterious building in which tbe highest dotective acumen of England daily gatherB up the clues of information that oome rolling in from every quarter of tho globe. So busy, indeed, were tho autocrats of the metropolitan police and the Datective Department that they cocld not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German manservant. If Mr. Lowe desired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little disoourt&ms; ou the part of Superintendent Shore and Superintendent Anderson, but the occupant of the hansom cab had still another string to his bow, and as the cabhorse skated baok into the oity Mr. Lowe attain devoted himself to an aooomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing somewhat rare—that of thinking. As a result of his oogitations the cabhorse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his—the police official in charge. "I fancy this is what you want."said the officer, with a smile, as he spread the "informstion-eheet" for that very day on tbe desk before him, and pointed to entry No. 44, which contained a full description of Albaro Williams, w/inted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Ohristmas Eve, 1891. The entry seb forth that Williams spoke with a Lancashire accent, and staved formerly at Rainhill. It was signed by Superintendent Shore. Mr. Lowe devoured that information-sbeet with the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to semi-starvation for some time paBt. He oommitted the entry to memory verbatim by reading it over carefully two or three time, a knack whioh is a!wave useful to a journalist. M. Slowitz, the Paris correspondent of the Times, proved its value when he learned oS the turms of peace at the close of the Franco-German War in one reading, and telegraphed them in externa to his paper. Only M. Blowitz waa dealing with murder on the grand scale—the murder that is committed with grape and shrapnel and bayonets at the charge. When Mr. Lowe returned to Sootland Yard after a hurried visit to the Argut Office in Fleet-street, he had h letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information in his pocket, and he had the information itself up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experience he omitted the formality of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stoae steps and along a passage entered Superintendent Sho/e's private room and introduced himself in person. The Superintendent eyed him coldly and rsad the letter a-kint; for particulars as to the murder and for the address of " Mrs. Williams" in Liverpool. "I kuow nothing at all about it," said tbe Superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical in administering his stock of veracity, "'and aoreover," he added with engaging frankness, "if I did know I should not tell you." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile, and locked straight into the Superintendent's eyes. "As you know nothing about the matter," he said, " perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas Eve. He formerly stayed at Rainhill. Ho speaks with a strong Lancashire tecsnt, and there is a detailed desoriotion of him published as the forty-fourth entry in to-day's information sheet. It is doubtless correot, for the memo bears your own signature, Superintendent Shore." The Superintendent sprang to his foet. "The man who told you this shall be dismissed from the force," he hissed with an oath. "Don't yon think that you had better find him first," replied the other, with just the suspicion of a sneer, "and you may diecover, when you have got him, that be is not under your authority. The oity police and' tho metropolitan constabulary are very different bodies, as you know.'' Few men would attempt to bluff a sootland Yard Superintendent in his own milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of the friendly polioe-offio&r; who bad shown him the information sheet. The bluff came oS and the king of clubs was safe, but the Superintendent never knew that it was the only card in his opponent's band. "I am going to Liverpool to-night," Mr. Lowe remarked, as he buttoned his overcoat, " to follow this thing up." " We shall be delighted to bear of your discoveries," said the Superintendent, sarcastically. "By-the-way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector Williams—ha is in charge there—and tell him that his brother has committed a murder in Australia. He will be so pleased to see you." "Thanks for the hint," rejoined the pressman. "I ehall oertaiuly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that L do so at your request, and that I am instructed by the Scotland Yard authorities to furnish tham with any information that I may gather. Your recommendation will no doubt be of great service to me." And he bowed himself out, leaving Superintendent Shore fully three inohes smaller in stature than be had been before the commencement of the interview. " Where the deuce is Rainhill ?" aaked Mr. Lowe, anxiously, in the office afterwardB. "Rainhill," replied Mr. Townend, oracularly, emerging from a dusty file of the Liverpool Pott, " appears to he a lunatio asylum ten miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up or you will miss the express." "It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't it?" said Mr. Lowo. Mr. Townend locked at him stra:frht. "It's the biggest wild-goosecha»e a man was ever sent on," he said, "but we have our instructions, and wo must carry them out." Then he turned out his pockets, and produced a couple of sovereigns asd 4s. 3d. m silver, which he handed to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the Banks were closed, and that he would want aome money. Tha petty cashbox yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate necessities tbe amateur detective entered the next stage of the enquiry—and a cosy first-ciaes carriage on the 10.5 p.m. expreES to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found bim at ihe head-quarters of the Liverpool Detective Department in Dal&-streer, and the officer in oharge, thouch at tint suspioious and retioeut, gradually thawed under the influence of tho strong psrsoual recommendations from Superintendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe presented glibly by word of mouth, adding with a doft adaptation of the Superintendent's saroaBin, that he was commissioned by tbe Scotland-yard authorities to furnish them with all possible information about the murder. Thus it was that hu enhsted the assi<c!tcce cf the officer, who, by merelypressing an electrio button, summoned to the joint consultation a constable whe was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in tbe space of a lew minutes Mr. Lowe learnt that Rainhill was a township with a population of about 2,000, that it contained a lunatio asylum, two churches, and a railway station on the Liverpool and Mc.ncheiier line. But the cons tab e knew no one there of the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few moments, ohewing the end of hu big moustache. "Can you put me on to the local gossip," he said, " tbe man or woman who takes an intelligent interest in other people's business and knows all about the births, deaths, and particularly marriages that have taken place in Rainhili for the lasc twenty years or so ?" "There's John tlighaui," said the constable reflectively ; " he's the local letter-carrier, and he knows every one in the place. Perhaps he night help you." Of course; just tbe very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild-gooee after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurrying squalls of hail and sleet. In the morning the storm had almoBt blown iteelf out, but it was still piercingly cold, the air was thiok and opaque, and the half-seen sky was leaden, so that the day suited well with the task in hand. It was fitting weather for following up the death-trail. Every one knows that Nature can acoommodate herself to heman moods, especially the poet's, and Browning lets tbe interdependence be seen very plainly. In "Prospice," that Alpine storm in vorse, cannot one feel the fog in the throat, the mist in the faoe, and the cold blasts that blow about the narrow pass where death sits waiting ? In the song from " Pippa Passes," on the other hand, or "Home thoughts from abroad," does not one get life at its brightest in a flood of sunshine ? Listen how "the chaffinch sings ou the orchard bough." One can hear the gushing melody right through the poem. But when Mr. Lowe reaohed Rainhill the storm was over, though the soft, white, newly fallen snow covered the whole township—like a ehrcnd._ He dispatched a lad from the railway station m searoh of John Higham, who presently appeared wheezing, and opened his old eyes in astonishment at the tale which the stranger had to t≪ of a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to bis next-of-kin, a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. Old Higham knew two ladies of th« name of Williams, who were both interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations as soon as Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have no possible oonnectian with the murder. Here the scent was lost temporarily, and he had to cast about patiently to recover it. As he walked down the street with old Higham there appeared upon the scene young Hipham a stripling of eighteen, who assisted his father with the delivery of the mails. To him the old man un'olded the story of the fortune which had been left in Australia, and of the efforts whioh were being made to recover the long-lost heir—a lucky individual named Albert Williame. The boy's feature worked in a desperate effort to grasp the thread of some associations ; and then his eyes took on a new light, glowing with the joy of a great discovery. ' "Feytbt-r." ho said, Bpeaking in the long, liquid Lancashire drawl, "doant 'e moind thot theer Williams ae ooom'd to Rainhill last 'arvest toime. Mayhap 'e wur tha feller 'Iru's married £mmie Mather an' took 'er uff to Chaney V' "Ay, ay, sewerly," the old man responded. "I moind 'im well, ma lad. 'E rented Dinham Villa from Mrs. Hayes, an' Ben Young cemented tha kitohing floor fur 'im. Dear, dear, so 'es conm'd into a fortin'. I hallus thowt theer wur suthin' quarn ' wi' him afoor 'e went away. Ay, thot's 'im sewerly." Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary exclamation of surprised delight. When hounds are hunting live game, and they pick up the soent again after a check, they alwayB give tongue. " When did you Bay be married her, my lad f' he said. "Last 'arvest toime," replied the lad, "oop at tha Choorch yonder. They wnr married by passon 'isself, an' yo oan see the etiffkitt if yo loike. But 'ere comes Joe Pickering; 'e married Emmie Mather's aiater, an' 'e oan tell you moor o' Willums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young carpenter, remembered Williams perfectly, And rsoollected doing the woodwork in tbe scullery at Dinham Villa when the cementing of the floors was being carried out by Ben Young. Moreover, be had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, in whioh Williams said that "dear Emily was quite happy, and in tbe best of health." The letter was dated some time in January. There could no longer be any doubt in Mr. Lowe's mind that he was on the right scent, and he almost whistled as he remembered that tbe unfortunate " dear Emily" was murdered by the polite letter-writer on Christmas Eve. Higham, senior, in his capacity ae parish olerk, soon found the marriage register in the vestry ef the old Churob, and turned up an entry relating to the marriage of Albert Oliver Williams, bachelor, and Emily Mather, spinster. A oopy of the entry would oost 3s. 7d., he remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over the fee, as well as a couple of half-crowns for tbe old man's private purse. " You woant want themunny back if it's not tha roight Willums, will 'a ?" said the oareful clerk; and when reassured on the point went off to call the " passon." Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Piekertng, were both at home when Mr. Lowe called, and was shown into the neat, little parlour, with its horsehair sofa and armohair, its German prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathematioally in the centre. The visitor introduced himself by handing the old lady his card. "I represent the Melbourne Argus," he began, " ana also (after a short pause) Sootland Yard. I want to ask you about a Mr. Williams who iu4rried your daughter last September." It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinham Villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view tbe property had to oome to her for tbe key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when he oame for the key he met Emily. He fell very muoh in love with Emily, and almost at onoe proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham Villa, in the kitchen which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but be was a free-handed, well-spoken man, and be had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home sinae they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. "Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, "I want to ask you about your daughter." The old lady looked up at hiin sharply. "I want to know first," she said, "what yon are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me." "Mrs. Mather,"said Mr. Lowe, "I have something very painful to say to you. I am going to tell you now about two people, a man and a woman. The man I am positive is Albert Oliver Williams. Tbe woman may be yonr daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have ascertained, came to Rainhill to visit Williams as his sister, but who, I have reason ta believe, was his wife. Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on last Christmas Eve." Almost before he had finished speaking Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Piokering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tangled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. " Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. I think it is very probable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinham Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made herself known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, he took her life." It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hopo. With her hopes her strength revived, and unloeking an oldfashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bridegroom. After u little persuasion she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and set them oopied, receiving in return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given baok uninjured. " Now, you must tell no one what I have told you," said Lowe, as he took his leave. " It is absolutely necessary that you preserve the strictest secrecy." And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged hertelf to silenoe. When Mr. Lowe took his seat in the up exprets for London he had good reason to congratulate himself upon bis day's work. He had succeeded beyond his most sanguine anticipations, and he had made his position secure by dosing the door completely against subsequent enquirers for information. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from the one living individual capable of giving positive information about the murderer, but he had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well—that is to say, all the documentary evidence and all the means of identification. After rifling the treasurechamber he bad locked tho door and left with the key in his pocket. Next morning the Argus, away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, throe-quarters of a column long, with the mother of tho hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the cemented grave in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps tbe most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between London ana Liverpool went the rostless Mr. Lorfe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, til the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until he bad made a rope that was strong enough to bang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, pr, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe'B busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he oould find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four obildren were like so many uuquiet ghosts that refusod to belaid uutil they were avenged. As this last thought struck bim Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came to him, stayed with bim, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill onoe more, and hunted oat Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitohen and soullery in Dinham Villa under instructions from Williams. " Where did rou pet the cement fromv Ben ?" was the first eager question. " It wur in the oooch 'onBe," said Ben. To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels whioh had evidently contained cement. "Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. " Naw," said Ben Young. " How much did you use, then ? For Heaven's sake, hurry up, my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Ben Young colleoted his thoughts deliberately. " A laaid doon the stoof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied, with irritating slowness. "A knaw nowt aboot this 'Gre other wonn. It wur empty afoor a got tha job." "Empty before you got the job," echoed Mr. Lowe, with the ring of strengthening ' conviction in his voioe. "Then what became f of the cement from that barrel?" | The village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, but never a word spake he. Mr. Lowe might at-, well have asked him what had become of the snows of yester-year. The great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines objeots which up to that moment had been wrapped in darkness. When the line-of-battle-ship shows her mighty search-light every detail of tbe torpedo-boat stands rovealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. " Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman also," Baid Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, with whom be at onoe concluded an offensive and defensive alliance ! against the outside world. Sergeant Chip- | chase laid the f actB before the DUtriot Superin- I tendeut, an official named Kelly, and the ; digging then began in Dinham Villa under Mr. Lowe's direotiou, a digging the result of which mostgrueBomely verified the calculations whioh that far-sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe Roland to his Dark Tower came. Four sweating constables armed .with pickaxes carried out this strange exhumation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in tho cement they came from the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats out from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a pieoe of clothes-line, whioh was still round its neok. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to the Argut in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent a complete report of the murders whioh he had been mainly instrumental in discovering, and with whioh all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill murders was published in the Argui alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning, Albert Oliver WilliamB, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on bis way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. "Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see yon," said Superintendent Shore nest day, stretching out his hand oordially to his visitor. " Let me congratulate you upon the smartest pieoe of detective work that ha8 been done in England for many years." 