Choice Stories. A Bottle of Madeira. [By Angelo Lewis.] (Complete in Two Issues.) CHAPTER IL Six days passed without any change of the situation, save that the sound of the excavations in the cellar became daily more audible, showing that the inter vening wall was growing thinner. By careful observation of the sound we satis fied ourselves that the concealed operator was working at a space of wall some two feet square, probably intending, when this was sufficiently reduced in substance, forcibly to break away the thin remaining partition. On the seventh day, however, I had a visit from the' Count. He had that morning received a letter from his son, a Captain in a crack French regiment. Ce char Alphonse had been playing baccarat, it seemed, and to meet his losses the Count was compelled to withdraw for the moment the whole of his balance in the hands of the bank, though it would be re placed a few days later by remittances from other sources. I instructed a clerk tc see how the Count's account stood, and the balance having been ascertained, he drew a cheque for the amount and departed with the money. * The plot thickens.' said . Macpherson, when I told him of the visit. *The grand coup is in all probability for to-night.' . We watched accordingly. So soon as we had dined, we took up our position in my office. Our first proceeding was to .cover up the bull's-eyes in the floor, that no light might shine through to the vault beneath. Macpherson next muffled the clapper of the electric alarm, so that it should give no sound beyond a faint tapping, sufficient to call our own atten tion, but not loud enough to be beard be yond the room in which we were. We wore felt slippers, that our footsteps might be noiseless. I had brewed a supply of strong coffee, to help to keep us wakeful, \- and on the table lay a couple of revolvers, and some lengths of sash-line wherewith to bind our expected captives. O'Grady . was told to hold himself in readiness to come down to us iustantly on receiving an agreed signal. These preparations made, we sat down tb beguile our vigil with a game of chess. At ordinary times we were very equally matched, but on this occasion Macpherson found me an easy victim. I could not keep my thoughts from wandering to the possible issues of the coming struggle. If all went well, I had but little to gain ; whereas if—(an awful "if" that)—Mac pherson's plan broke down, and the attempt at robbery succeeded, my career as a bank manager would be utterly blasted. At this moment I must own I heartily regretted that I had allowed my ' self to be drawn into so Quixotic an enter prise, when I might have saved myself all anxiety by placing the matter in the hands of the proper guardians of the peace, or simply reporting it to the ■directors. Macpherson, on the contrary, appeared to be troubled by no misgivings, and played even better than usual. * Fail!'he said, when I suggested the possibility of such an event —' we car't , fail ; any more than 1 can fail to win this game, which I undertake to do in four moves. Check !' I made the best fight I could, but in four moves I was check mated. I was nettled at my defeat, and deter mined that he should not again win so easy a victory. With a strong effort of will, I concentrated my whole attention on the game, and thenceforth played as coolly as though the hidden enemy were a hundred miles away. We played on with varying fortune till about eleven, when the faint ' ting' of the electric alarm, followed by a heavy thud in the vault beneath, warned us that the burglars had made good their entrance. With a mean ing glance at me, Macpherson lighted a night-light, which stood carefully screened in one corner, and then extinguished the lamp, leaving the room in a dim twilight, just sufficient to enable us to move about. He then removed the cover from one of the bull's-eyes in the floor, from which a view could be obtained of the portion of the vault where we anticipated that the entrance would be effected. A broad ray of light came up through the bull's-eye. Going on our knees we could see that an oblong slab, like the panel of a door, had been forced from the wall, and lay in fragments on the floor beneath. In the vault stood Antoiiie with his back towards us, while through the black opening left by the missing masonry some other person, whom we conjectured .-.to.be the Count, was handing crowbars, -wedges, and other burglarious-looking implements. When all were handed in, the person on the other .side began to creep through the opening, hut to our astonishment it was not the plump figure of the Count that appeared, but that of a much younger and slighter man, with fair, close- cropped hair. We looked at each other in perplexity. Suddenly the truth flashed upon me. * Madame, without her wig !' I whispered. And a head appeared -at the opening, and, aided by his friends, the Count scrambled through, though with difficulty, for his broad shoulders all but stuck in the narrow opening. The burglars now proceeded, by some method which was not quite clear to me, to fix sconces, hold ing lighted candles, to various parts of the wall. They made a rapid examination of the two safes, and then, without further loss of time, the Count and Antoine set to work on the door of the larger, while the. third man began like operations on the smaller. So soon as they were fairly at work, Macpherson crossed the room to the barrel containing the diluted sulphuric -acid, and'turned on the tap, after which •he returned to his post of observation by my side. 'Keep your eye on that fellow working at the bottom of the smaller safe. He is nearer the floor. The gas will reach him before it touches either of the other two.' I watched, scarcely ventur ing to breathe, such was the intensity of my excitement. Some ten or twelve minutes passed, and I began to fear Mac pherson's plan was a failure, when the man he had indicated dropped the tool he was using; and after swaying from side to Bide for a moment, fell forward on his face insensible. His fall did not for the moment attract the attention of his com rades, busy as they were in their own share of the work. Presently, however, "as the atmosphere became more and more vitiated, the candle lowest in position began to burn ltss brightly, and at last Jfche failure of light became so marked that the 'Count/ who was working at the upper part of the larger safe, turned round andJooked at the candles'with a puzzled air; finally snuffing them with his fingers, as if hoping to cure the defect in that I way. Finding that his expedient had not the desired effect, he turned round again, ap parently^ to consult with his colleagues. Meanwhile, however, the noxious gas had reached the level at which Antoine was working, and with a brief convulsive fight for breath, he threw up his arms, and fell .senseless like the first victim, ft ever have I seen such an expression of terror as came over the face of the so called Count, as he gazed on the fallen bodies of his accomplices. Already alarmed by the burning blue of the candles, it seemed to him no doubt that his companions had been struck down by some supernatural power. Panic-stricken, he made a rush for the hole in the wall, but it was too late. In the midst of his struggles to escape, the deadly gas over took liim, and he too fell back insensible. ' Not a bad night's work,' said Mac pherson, aloud, as he rose from his knees and proceeded to. stop the flow of the acid. 'Now we will ring for O'Grady, and then we must make all haste to lug these fellows out of that room. I did not bargain for three of them, and every minute the gas becomes more deadly. Remember what I told you. Venture in only just far enough to get a rope round your man, and hold your breath while you stoop to do it.' At this moment O'G rady appeared, look ing a little bewildered, for we had not told him why his presence would be re quired. * O'Grady,' I said, * burglars have broken into the strong room, and 1 want you to fetch the police.' ' Bur-r r-glars, is it V replied O'Grady, peeping down through one of thebull's eyes. One or two of the candles happened to have been fixed above the level which the j gas had reached, and these still burned brightly, though the rest had long since gone out. ' Ghost of Moses 3 but they're all dead cor-r-r-rpses 1' * .Not yet," said Macpherson, 'but they soon will be, unless we get them out pretty quickly.' 'But how the blazes did ye kill them ? Oh, sure, it s some of them ilictric divil ments of Mister Macpherson's.' Never mind that now, man; hunr for the policc, and you shall know all about it afterwards.' _ Fortunately the police-station was only ]ust over the way. O'Grady started, leaving the door open behind him, and in a few minutes was back again, with a sergeant and two constables. Meanwhile, Macpherson and myself had opened the strons room and with some difficulty had succeeded in getting out the man nearest the door, who happened to be Antoine. * Shall we tie his hands V I inquired. 'Never mind that now,' replied Mac pherson. ' He's safe enough for the time: and meanwhile the gas is spreading. Give me the rope again, and stand ready to pull. I handed him the rope, in which we had made a loop about three feet in length. Carefully holding his breath he slipped this over the body of the next man (the sham Countess de la Roche), and by hauling on the cord we managed to pull him through the doorway. What O'Grady had told the sergeant I cannot say, but the puzzled look°on his face, as he flashed his bull's-eye on the forms of the two men lying in the passage way outside the strong room, was most comical. ' What's this gentlemen—murder ?' he inquired, looking from me to Macpherson as if uncertain which of us to ' run in.' ' Only burglary, at present, Mr. Jack .son, 1 replied; and there are two of the burglars for you. The other is still in the strong room, and we shall be glad of your help to get him out.' 'Tiiat's bo on done,' said the officer preparing to enter. ^ 'Stop a bit,' interrupted Macpherson; it s not quite so easy as it looks. That room is filled breast-high with a poisonous gas, which has knocked over those fellows as you see them. In the upper part of the room, where those candles are burn ing, the air is pure enough, but below that level it- is suffocating. Our best plan will be to walk in and stand three on each side of that fellow. I will call ' one, two, three ! at the word ' two,' each must dip down and lay hold of him, and at ,' three' lift him up and carry him out, but don't breathe while you are stooping,. or you will be knocked orer as he is. Come along O'Grady,' for O'Grady, though plucky enough in a general way, had begun to back towards the stairs, with every appearance of terror. ' Is it in there, along with thim ilictric dmk? Bedad, I'll lave them on my betthers. The climate's too onwholesome for the likes o' Tim O'Grady.' There was no time to ai^ue the point. The remainder of the party marched into the strong room, and following the direc tions of Macpherson, we succeeded in get ting out che remaining burglar. 'Why, good gracious,' exciaimed the | superintendent, ' it's the count!' i ' 1 said,' the Count, and Antoine, and Madame ; all three of them.' big haul,' said the sergeant, * and such blackguards deserve all they get. But 1 m afraid you gentlemen will get into trouble for killing them.' fear of that,* said Macpherson. 'Just get them across to the lock-up, and 111 come and bring them to life again. Will you come over and see the fun, Armstrong ? It won't take more than half an hour or so.' 'Thanks, old fellow, but not with that hole m the walL I think I had better remain on the bank premises.' Ana 111 send a couple of men to look after the house next door,' said the ser geant. The three insensible men were removed on stretchers : a grim procession. Mac pherson followed them to the police station, but instead of the anticipated half-hour, it was more than three hours before he returned, and he looked com pletely exhausted. ' I have had an awful fnght, he said. 'The other blaguards came round in twenty minutes or so; but the young one, the sham madame, I really thought he was done for. He bad a longer dose of the gas than the other two, and it was just touch and go with him. All's well that ends well, and it's been an extremely interesting experiment from a scientific point of view, but I really think the next time I want to capture a burglar I shall drop science and call in the police to collar him.* Which is decidedly my own intention. [The End.] i ' ' Tou are the only girl I ever loved — She: 'Oh, never mind that. Ihe mam question is, am I the only girl you ever will love ?' Lady Commercial (to her husband, who is rather cold to her) : 'John, the kisses you give me now are not up to the same sample you gave me when you asked me to be yours. It isn't business?' 