s i:. KO W£Á2,D EDWARDS. EVANGELISTIC SERVICE. MxJSSoWiand Edwards, an evangelist, who Salatnay arrived into colony from England, has been holding evangelistic services in Perth for the past week. On Saturday night he held a service in the Town Hall. There was a fairly large congregation. Mr. Edwards read from St. Luke, vin., 22, toe story of Jesus and His disciples crossing the Lake of Galilee. Christ sugg outs that they shall cross the Lake ; He goes to sleep, the storm rises, the disciples become afraid, they call Him, He rebukes the storm, which becomes hushed. Arrived at the country of the Gadarene, they met a man possessed with' many devils. Jesus exercises the devils and sends them into a herd of swine, which go down the bill into the lake and are choked. The man of the Gadarene wishes to go with Him, but Jesus says, " Return to thine house and show what. God. hath done for them," and he went his year and published throughout the city what Jesus had done for him. The narrative, said Mr. Edwards, is assuredly a simple one, but it is only the enlightened eye that sees more in it than the history. To the enlightened eye every sentence will appear blessed with gospel light and truth. And I want to get the gospel out of it this evening. Who was it suggested to the Lord to go upon the lake? He suggested that they should go Himself. It was His own proposal. Who proposed to God that His son should come down to this earth and die? Did you ? Did I ? Did any mortal man ? No one, must be the answer. It originated in the heart of the blessed God. There is no gospel like this. -It is God-like ; it is grand- like. It is wonderful that salvation should be obtained for me at the cost of the life of His blessed Son. In the grace of His own. blessed heart Jesus came from the glory of God's' presence to this world. And in the painful judgment against sin, He died and in dying opened the way to God for every shines on earth. They entered into the boat and the Lord fell asleep. The storm arises. I can see the little craft in danger, the seas rolled over him while the Master was asleep, and asleep we are told by St. Mark, with a pillow. We do not get the pillow in St. Luke. In Mark the Lord Jesus is presented as a perfect Son. In Lake He is the son of man the son of man hath no place to lie his head." There is no pillow for God to lie on freaks. There is a pillow for Jesus in Mark. And they awoke Him from His sleep saying " Master, master, we perish." And He rose and rebuked the storm and the sea was hushed in peace. He had done it. And the disciples in the boat wondered and said " what manner of man is this." But what He has done for us a far greater than that. He has given us a pace far greater than that, we read of. By His precious blood He has made peace in the mighty storm of sin. He has made peace for the sinner. You say you have little sin in Perth. People have such erroneous, ideas about God and about Bin. They talk About little sins and big Sins. Of course you have little sins if you have a little God. As God is infinite, so is sin. People tak- about white lies and black lies There is no such thing as white lies or black lies. It is in the nature of it. It is a lie Do you think God takes cognisance of black 1903 or white lies ? No ; He takes cognisance of lies. And if you never believed it before, believe it now : God must judge sin. That is inevitable. I will tell you what the theologians do. They shout heaven and whisper hell. _ Hell is a word not to be used to polite ears. If you doubt of course you will be damned. Yes, sir, or madam, Bin deserves a dreadful judgment, and if you follow me you must pass from His presence, God forgotten. I have good news for you. If it be true that God must judge sin, it is also true that God sent His Son to be the victim, and on that violin the judgment of sin was passed so that salvation in His name might be presented to us through the Gospel. What did the Christiin do? He is the man who is born again, a man with Salvana, who is positively saved. Ask him what would befall him, and he would look up and say " Thanks be to God, there is no dark night of judgment left for me. It has all been borne and exhausted by my Saviour. There is everlasting sunshine for me because Christ has made peace by the blood of the Cross." We have known men who call themselves priests and danger. We have known Each men go to the death-bed and speak to people on the confines of the world to come and ask, u Have you made your peace with God ?" Such a question was BO deluding so deceiving. "Lady, sir," they said, friends of Perth, have you made your peace with God?" Can't do it. Peace has been made by the blood of Christ on the Cross. What you have to do is as a broken-hearted sinner to take the Lord Jesus Christ as your Saviour, and you get peace with God, the result of the peace which Christ made nearly nineteen centuries ago. You cannot make peace with God. It has been made for you by the blood of Christ on His Cross. But do not suppose that He is on the Cress to-night, and that some of you have to cling to the Cross. Christ is not on-the-Tree Christ is not in the grave. Christ is risen, and there in glory at God's right hand he sits to-night. He is a real living Man, sitting there at God's right hand. He is there by virtue of His work on the cross when He was in the world. The cross is down and the grave is empty. The throne is filled by Him who was on the tree, who lay in the tomb, but now has risen. They land upon the opposite shore. They meet the man of the Gadarene. Of this man four things are said-be is devil possessed, he has no clothes, he has no house, and he dwelleth in tombs. There or four heavy counts in it. I am going to charge them home to every soul here to-night. You may not like it. It is not popular I know. You are devil possessed ; you are naked ; you have no house and you live in tombs. You say I speak in parables. Devil possessed " Fancy," I hear you say, this stranger from England coming and telling the people of Perth they are devil possessed. We can't stand that." Yet I will explain. There are two powers in this world. One is the devil's and the other is God's. Satan on the one and the Holy Ghost on the other.- Are you in Satan's power to-night or in the Spirit's power ? That is what I mean by saying you are devil possessed. I will tell you what I find men doing trying to escape the thraldom of Satan. - But you can- not desist. I defy any man to do it. I have known drunkards to take the blue ribbon. They last for twelve months and are back at their drunkenness again. I have known ladies of pleasure give up their amusements and attend church more regularly. But in two or three years they are back to the ballroom, back to the novel. What does it prove ? Their impotency to deliver themselves from Satan's power. You need a deliverer. This man of the Gadarene we find, he broke his bond. The world had taken him in hand. It had put the bonds upon him. It had tried to reform him. This is a great day for reformation. But reformation is damnation. You can give up drink. Yon can give up living your life of pleasure. But the Scripture says you must be born again and this is what is wanting in your history. There was a young man in Scotland in Perth curiously enough he was a strict Presbyterian. But he was not born again. He had been to hear a preacher. He returned to his home and he took down the Bible in which his father had written the dates of the birth of several children, and underneath his own name, the young man wrote the date and the words, " Thank God, you again." Have you been born again ? It is a red-letter day in a man's history, the day she is born again. Same people think they were born again when they were christened. It's a lie. I was christened in the Church of England. I was not born again. I lived. 20 years after that in out out and served the devil. You can never be born again in your baptism. earnest whether it is, your infant's cap tiara or your so called- be Movers' baptism. There is no new birth in ne. Yon are not been by any ordinance whatever But you must be born again. Do you marvel? The law says there should be no marvel. How can I marvel if I believe as a sinner I am clean lost, indeed in the eight of God. There is no marvel then. - I must be born again. Have you been Devil-posses ssd! He wore no clothes The fact is every sinner is naked before God. We lost our robe of innocence in the Garden of Eden. God had clothed Adam in a suit of innocence. He lost it. You can't get it back. He does not restore it in the Gospel-not the blessings of Eden on Earth. Bat he brings the heavenly blessings to men's souls. He gives the pleasures of glory. I know God has sent to me by His grace and fitted me to fill the brightest spot in heaven. People talk of prayers for the dead. Prayers for the dead indeed-dead saints! I call them living saints. Here is Scripture, absent from the body, present with the Lord." There is not much intermediate state about that. God's grace makes the poor sinner trust in the blood of Christ to fit him for the brightest spot in the presence of the eternal God. Do you think your prayer for the living son of earth would be efficacious in this way, that your prayers for a sinner living on earth would fit him for a tittle of God's glory. You say, of course, his fitness depends upon the Blood. If that be so we can dismiss prayers for the dead. If prayers for the living saint cannot effect it, still 1883 can it be effected by prayers for the dead saint. The fitness that gives glory depends on ChriBf s redemption work. Yon are naked before God as a sinner. Some one will surely say, " I am covered. I do my best I say my prayers. I read my Bible. I teach in the Sunday school. I go about evangelising." What has that done for you ? ' Take care that you are not asked " How came you here without your wedding garment ?" A learned schoolmaster who was talking to me said, " You say a man can be saved without doing anything. Why, I am doing my best and I am not saved yet." I handed him the Bible, Rimaos, chap. iv., "Batto him that worketh not, but believeth on Him who justified the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteous ness." What do you think he said, " I would not wonder if the ' not had got in there by mistake." Here is a schoolmaster for you. Oh, my friends, why such drivelling nonsense. " Bat him that worketh not, but believeth on Him that justifies the ungodly, his faith shall be counted for righteousness." As a sinner you are naked before God. The third point is, there was no house for the man and that his place was unsheltered. Christ who has passed through the storm comes to the man without cellar. As it was in the past so it will be in the days to come. This man was unsheltered. Are you un- sheltered ? Let me say to you there is only one shelter in the time to come, and that is the Rock of Ages. The fourth point is that he dwelt in tombs. I met a Welshman who asked me " Do you believe that in the midst of life we are in death." ? Someone had died suddenly. I said "That is not hard to believe, but it is not in the Scripture. It is in the prayer book, but not in the Bible. It is quite true, but there is something so true." He said " What is that " ? I replied " In the mind it of death some people are in life." He that believeth in the SJQ hath eternal life. Are you living in times ? This man lived in Mooliba. He had lived in the valley of the shadow of death. No use to Bay " is life worth living." Of course it is if you have found, Christ. "But what says the infidel? " I mean to enjoy life, and then I shall die like a dog and there is an end to me." I heard of a man in Yorkshire who was out of a billet. He man an old man in the park, who asked him why he did not take Christ P He replied that he did not believe in it. The old man father said " I have a splendid cure for you," and he led him to the lake and said "Throw yourself in there and there will soon end to all your troubles." This practical way of dealing with him pulled him up and he began to see what a fool he had been, and in that simple way he was led to the Lord Jesus. Life is worth living, but you must have Christ. And the Lord said to the man, " What is thy name " That is, what will be said to theo ? And he. said " Legion," for he was devil possessed. And the moment he said that God blessed him. Yon get a lovely incident in the old testament. Jacob, who stole his brother's birthright, had at hut to meet E<au-Lord Esau. And he prayed to the Lord to soften his brother's heart towards him, and he sent his brother a present, and then be approached him with a peradventure. He prayed, he sent present, and then there was a peradventure. Then Jacob was left alone with God, and 6 )d wrestled with him, and God broke his thigh. Then he said to him, " What is thy name P " how the English for Jacob is "heat." And kt, angered and said, "God, I am about, I shall not hang fire any more." And the Lord said, " I shall give you a new name," and he called him Israel. What is your name now P S-i-n-n- e-r, Sicner. If you will own that to God to-night he will give you a new name immediately you believe on the Lord. What is that name P S-a-v-e-d, Saved, Christian. Then they came to see what had been done, and they found the man sitting at the feet of Jesus clothed in his right mind. There were four things true of this man. He was rescued. He was rested. He was robed and he was right minded. Is it not passing strange that they should find him rescued from the Devil and in the Father's arms. He was rescued from the arms of Satan, and was in the arms of the Father for everlasting. Rescued ! and rested ! blessed rest ! We should all find it at the feet of the Christ. Where can you find rest - At the feet of Christ. Look round the world. What a turmoil it is, with its politics, its pleasures and it's business. The rush, the push and the worry. That is what life is, at this moment, in this world. Is it not a remarkable thing that there should be one here who knows there is perfect ' rest, the peace of God. That coal has made the acquaintance of God. Then he was robed. Christ had turned the tables so completely. The man come into the storm asked. How could he get robed P Robed with whom P Robed with Christ. God came and by relieving your sins for ever he covered you with the body of Christ. He has covered me and will cover you with the, body of Jesus Robed! It is with divine, righteousness, a righteousness you can never work out by yourself, never produce by your own effort. The in-law demands it and the gospel brings it. Lots of folks prefer Sinai to the Cross. The law never tempts me, but the Cross speaks to me. The law is like the bull's-eye lantern of the constable, which reveals the sinner, but does not show the bearer of the light. The gospel is like an open lantern, which is bright on all sides, and is borne by the friend who will give rest and shelter. I am not going to flash the bull's-eye lantern to-night but going to show you the blessed gospel light. It is where you are, sinner, and is borne by the Saviour. It lights the way to everlasting, salvation. It suits you to a very T. and it suits God, and you can be saved to-night, * Thank God for that. Supposing you got saved to-night, what would some people say ? What they have often said " That fellow is off his head." This man was right- minded, now he is off his head. He must have religious mania. That is what they kindly tell us, but if it be mania, it is glory madness. Lots of people think we are afflicted with religions pride. But when we say we are saved we do not mean to take credit to ourselves for some wonderful thing we have done. It is what God has done. I am, like you, a sinner, but the grace of God has come to me and shown me where the Saviour Jesus is, and. taught me to trust Him and to believe in Him. Before you become truly religions, you must be born again. Youmnat give up religion and take Christ, You must give us he forms and ceremonies We Christians are terribly ashamed of our religion. The Mohammedan is not. At the hour of prayer he will pray, no matter who is present. It was the e came with the man of the Gadareo es. He said to Jesus I want to go with you." He had not the courage to remain. But the Lord said, so No, you most stay and confers Me." The man went home. I can imagine the home coming. The housewife, fearful of the husband who has ill-treated her and her children before, looks the door against him, but she sees that the mad light is no longer in his eyes, and she admits him. He, who has kicked her scores of times, kisses her. He says to his wife " See what the Lord has done for me." Salvation is there for you. You must never blame God if you pass into hell. You will have yourselves to blame. You might have been saved to-night. Take the Lord Jesus. Make him your choice. Decide for Him, and pass out of the power of hell and Satan. May God bless you for his Son's name's sake. Amen. Act. 