LILIAN FANE. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) ' BY RICHARD BOWLING, Author of "Twice Lost." "A Hidden Flarue." "Fatal Bonds," etc. CHAPTER XXVII. — THE STORY OF JOHN KIML1EU. 'Three years ago my brother and I lived together in the house where our father died a couple of venrn before. The house Is about a mile from the village of Wvthburn, in Cumberland, in us qulm and retired a spot as you could find in all England. Our father bud left behind a considerable sum of money, about a hundred nnd ten thou- i sand pounds, and my brother and I were the only people of our blood, as far as we knew. Our mother had been years dead. "Whim my brother was ton years of a;;e lie had a serious Mines-?, which attacked his brain, and ever since he has been pecu liar at all times, and periodically so ec centric as to require looking after." "A nice hind of mull to think of marry ing." said Bert. "He and I lived together, as I have said. We were always with one another, both ikj- ftq-o and after the death of our father. Partly because he was my only brother, and partly because of his Infirmity, I loved him with all my heurl and soul. "My father and I had always been the best of friends, aud I Lit a veneration like worship for him. Ho had married late. I always rcqneiabur him with white hair and tho (trooping jjhouhletv. of a. scholar, and tho gentle speech and manner of a saint. I knew that i:i tho course of nature my fa ther must go before either of us, and both by the bent of my own inclination and the prajcra and enireaties of mv father. I re solved to watch over and guard my unfor tunate brother as long as I might live." "May I a'l: if you are married?" There was a p:ui.-:e. "No, and it is un likely 1 ever shall be now." "You are not old?" "Nu; nut very — except in sorrow, and I am very old in sorrow to-day." "Pray forgive my interruption. I am afraid by Hit- lone of your voice it must have been a iimd unfortunate ut:c." It was now plain to Pert whom he had heard a voice like this before. He had hoard U from tiie other brother yesterday In tho study, and eighteen months ago In Mexico. Of all family HivS'Two-? (hero is: none .so strung as that of Hi" family voir-. "\\.ViL en i iy Buii-w o death i i'mind my self a kind oV ;',M»nUan over my Lnrthm. He was a couple of years .above ujy.i ai the Lime, but the money had been so left thai he could do nothing with any of it; ail power lay In my hands. He wanted me to give liirn half. I declined to give him any. Ifcfoie father's death he hud already begun to lead an irregular lif.-, which was an agony and a terror to the pour old num. When my father was gone my brother broke all bouncy, indulged lu disgraceful excesses, until no persons but tho lowest and most depraved in the neighborhood would associate with him. "It is not a thing on.' care:) to speak of. but in order that you may understand my situation I must again say that I loved him with all my heart, somewhat, I often think, as a mother loves a deformed child. He was all i had In the world. 1 enjoyed the society of no companions of my own ago. 1 seldom visited neighbors;, and owing to his violent temper, strange freaks, and deplorable transgressions, wo emikl never have guests at our place. I had no re sources but him and my gun ami my dogs and my horse and my hooks. Not a meagre list, you may say; but still the life was lonely and unwholesome, and it may be that I bred In myself an exaggerated esli- mnto of my obligations and of tho import une© of my charge. "The wilder he became the more mor bidly sensitive I grew a:? to my responsi bilities, until in tiie end I felt every fault or folly committed by him doubly and trebly chargeablo upon me. Of course, I could not be always with him, and he was not deranged enough to warrant restraint, or justify a regular attendant." Bert groaned, and broke in with, "A nieo sort of man to allow into a quiet family. A nice sort of man to allow abroad among young girls, to whom he might malm love." "You are not to suppose lie was at all times crazy, or more than odd." "All the worse! all the worse! I suppose the mad fit is on him now. and that's the reason he Is breaking the girl's heart." There was a pause of a few moments, and then the voice iu the darkness wont on again — "Ho Is at the present moment under tho full sway of his dreadful malady, and was under It when ho tried to shoot you and struck you, au unarmed mau, that cowardly blow." "Ia it time for inc to get any more of that soothing kimut?" "Not yet." "Very well, go on." "Abc-ut a year and ten months after tho death of my father began the episode which euded in tho crime, if cvlmc can be attri buted to one in ids condition. "One evening in August he came homo storming and raging like a maniac. Ho was a mauiac that night. He had heard that Lilly Davidson, the wheelwright's daughter, the prettiest girl in the village, was going to innrryJack Kimber. the barber. If It had been ar.y ether man in tho village or on tiie coumry side, my brother said, ho would not have minded. But that cold blooded, cor.crifnd jnckonapos. Kimber! The thing was intolerable and should not bo; no. not even if 1:j wore to marry Lilly him self or strangle Kimber with his own hands "lie terrified ;r that night. I hod ne ver before seen him so outrageouviv vio lent. N :?i; kr-r he nor I slept a wink. I remained vi;h him in the diniugroom, end all through tin: night lie v.tporcd and rav-d and walked up and down like a men pu:r-:s- rod. /.bout noon next day he raid me lie was going to iiis room to lie down. ! kept in the houro a suppiy of sedative medicine which h.'ul been proscribed for him by a spcciali-t. and which always modiard the vlrulci.ee of his attacks, and of;.rn .".bated them altogether. The difficulty wa:; Lu gnt him to lake the draught when he was suf fering from a seizure. Ti.ix day he tcok the rt.usV wit'tram a murmur, although he bad refused n do/en Unus; In the night. He wont to iiis rouiu, and I foil asleep in a chair. "When I awoke lie was gone! ".Ml ids life ho ii.id an unaccountable ami abject terror of firearm-), fie would iuji, go into a room vhcc lie know a gun or ; pistol was kept . II.-? shuddered at the sight of cUber, and although yon drew llj charge from a weapon in Mr? presence and filled tho barrel with water lie would net touch it for any c:msMoiv.tion — would not ieok nr. it. if .ho could kelp it. When in h'o meat violent paroxysms if a gun or pistol was produced lie became abjectly craven. H was only nn rare occa sions, and never save when lie tiii'jatoncd viokcice to himself or others, thaL I ap pealed to thin infirmity lu bring him under .subjection. This day I put a revolver in xuy poekot, and sot off for Wy t hlmrn." Bert moved uneasily in the bed and said, "He has got over that terror of firearms now." "He has. His. visit to the United State-3 and Mexico cured him of It." Bert tried to sit up, foil back with a mean, raid crk.d, "Mexico! Mexico! Then lie his been in Mexico?" "Yes, he h:u been iu Mexico. Has he denied it ?" "Dqnkd it! Y.'hy lie proved he hadn't boon there! Though 1 think 1 proved I saw him there. Ho took us to his solicitors to day and pi:;r.vi.-d us letters and other docu ment.-; il neon ho was in Florence and Jrtuuljr. when I know he was in Mexi co. Excura my interrupting you." "Well, when I reached the village I found ho had visited it but. was gone, no one knew whither. He had not sought to find Kimber or gone to Davidson's, or spoke of murdering or marrying any ono. 1 suppose the drug operated before he reach ed Wythburn. At all events ho had not stayed five minutes in the village, or said anything noteworthy to tho two or three people with whom he exchanged a word. "That night inv unfortunate brother did not eoiao home. That night John Kimber went to fish in the river, two in I lea below Wythburn. ?7oxt morning the dead body of John Limber, the harbor, was found ia tho river :tl tho tail of the Jlnme. "It was on the night of the 12th of August throe years c/-,o John Kimber died. On the second day .after the body v.qt3 found an in quest was held. No one had seen tho un fortunate man fell into the water. Tiie be lief prevailed that ho slipped in and wx3 ro!!led by the quick current of the flume in to the deep pool at the end of the mill- race. A verdict c£ 'found drowned' was brought in. and up io this day, as far as I know, not u soul in Wythburn suspects foul play. "The night of the ISih I was silting reading In the library. The room is on tho ground floor. A door opens from it on tho lawn. The servants lia.l gnno to bed. It was between 12 and 1 when the door to tho lawn opened, and my miserable brother, luittaivd, dirty, exhausted, entered, and flung hlmzelf into a chair. If a ghost had appeared 1 could not have becui mure shocked raid horrified. " 'So they brought it in Found drowned/ said ha. 'I wonder they did not bring it iu heat apoplexy from Hie midnight sun! However, there was one man in the neigh borhood who could have helped them to a bettor verdict.' "'What do you menu?' said I. " 'Why, if you were examined you could have tcdu tlmm that I swore to take his life, and that you had always found me a man of my word!' " 'Do you mean to tell me that you had anything to do with that poor tallow's death?' " 'I heard lie was going fishing. I waited for him on the bank, and pushed him into the Hume. Tho water trundled hint down the flume, and he sank in the poo! at tho tail of the mill- race.' "I wiil not try to describe what I felt. T wiil omit what passed beuvecn us. It was too awful and too sacred for repetition. The interview ended with his telling me ho would give himself up to justice if I did not hunt! him £-"000 to take him cut of tho country for good and till. In a few days I obtained the money, and saw him oil as far as Queerurtowu on his way to the United Stales. "I suppose I acted illegally. I suppose I could be imprisoned for what I did. X do not defend myself. But, remember, rso In nocent man was likely to suffer, and tho dead could not be restored to life. Tho criminal was not of full reason. The mons trous insufiieionoy ol' tho motive would go to show he could not be held responsible for his actions. They might imprison him for life, but tiioy would never inflict the extrame penally. Yet now — now what will come of It I cannot furocasii. For he said last, night as seriously as he told me about hi:) intention towards Kimber that ho would give himself up to tho police to-day if 1 did not make over to him £f»U,0ut) — half the money my father left. I would give him £f»l),flb0 as readily a.i h\e pentm, for iu spite of all, 1 love him still; my love for the unfortunate being la Incx- tingulshable. 1 have no control over It. My heart goes out to him against law, aralnst roeson, as desire goes to food when it'll,::!! i;: famished. I would give him what he asks if i though! it woulu do him good, if I could be certain it would not injure him. Hat 1 know that unlimited money would mean his speedy deutn, and i have towards him that fueling I spoke of, the feeling of the mother for her deformed child." "It Is an awful story," said Bert, from tiie bed. "1 wonder my own reason holds. I said a wk.lie ago I was not likely ever to marry. Iiow couid a man, branded as I shall be witli the crime of assisting a murderer to flee from justice, marry?" "1 a:n thinking of poor Lilian Fane," J Hert, iycm the led. "fi.'j am i," said tiie mau hi the dark. "I should like to see your lace. wind Bert. "Why?" "ik-causc I think it must be a good fuce. Have vuti ever seen Lilian Fune. "Yes." "Don't you think her very lovely?" "And bright and gay, like sunshine?" "Have yon nothing on your conscience about that girl, and letting your mad brother loose un tho world?" "I don't understand you." "Don't you think it was rather bad to let your mad brother free after killing tluil man, and then allow him to murder tills girl?" "What, girl? I am very dull." "Your mad brother, Charles Ashmoro, made love to Lilian Fune, and she will die If any harm comes to Charles Ashmoro. is all your feeling for mad Charles Ash- moiv.and none l'or tho beautiful, sweet, innocL-nt Fane?" " you, man, J am Charles Ashmoro, who mad love to Lilian Fane. Don't you know the voice of a man's breaking heart?" lie sprang to the window, tore down the curtain, flung back the shutters, and stood in the full light of the morning sun, Charles Ashmen?, his eyes .sunken, Ula chocks white, his hair matted, his long broad beard ragged, unkempt! (To be continued.) 