, THE .... BBIIT OF FATE. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY BORA RUSSELL. AUTHOR OF— »«A COUNTRY SWEETHEART," "THE BROKEN SEAL," " HIS WILL AND HERS,' "HIDDEN IN MY HEART," "ON GOLDEN V -HINGES," &c.;, Ac. ' ;;ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) "Can. you guess what that some thing-is?" ' Nell's lips' moved, but no word came . forth. V It.is this," said Godfrey. "Among the vague theories that from time to time haVo; passed through my brain, is one, .that in you I believe to be realised. You . have heard of twin soulsj h'ave you<not : souls born .with strange ties to each other, strange affinities?" Still-Nell- was silent. "When I saw; you I seemed to have found mine," went on Godfrey ; " I seemed: to understand your thoughts, and- I know yon understand mine 1 Yoti discovered what I have told no one, that I have written more than one book ; and you know now, Nell, what "I 'feel to' you— tell me if this is not so'?", ... I He bent forward aad took her hand as he spoke, and drew it gently through hisjml '' . n<£"' aaid,.: betiding his gocjd-looking face nearer to hers, "if you do not know that I love you 7 If youido not know that I have come back to-night' to ask you for your lovo ? " " Ob, no, no, Major Seton, you must not say that 1" answered Nell, in a half-frightened tone. "I — I am your friend— I wish always to be your friend, but we must not think of any thing else." "'But why ?" ''There are reasons — 'many rea sons " ''But you do not dislike me ?" inter rupted Godfrey, as Nell paused and htsitaced. - " Indeed, I do not," answered Nell, earnestly." " " I like ybu better — well, I.vrill tell you. the "truth— better than anyone I have ever known. I — I feel, too, that you understand me, and that I..vpartlyi at', least, understand your thoughts. But for all that — " "' What are the reasons that part os, Nell?" "Something," said Nell, and she put;, a- trembling hand over her face 3 "something that we cannot get over. It is- wicked even, I suppose, for me to like to hear you say that you care for me; but for all' that I do like to hear it, and to think it, too. Major Seton,'' and she looked straight "up "with her grey eyes into his face, " will you trust me ? I will bo a true friend to you always; the truest friend a man ever bad— more, I cannot be— but I will be. that": ........ _ Ejhe put her hand into his, and stood: ihere,' lpoking .at- him with her stead-: fast eyes, and as she did so Godfrey Seton seemed to read her soul. , Y'T6 is' something- real and great $6Ri!' |i?.said,Jn iflow tone of pain'; " something that wo cannot -get o.ver ?'.' " Yes," answered 'Nell, with quiver- ing'-lips. -. .'.'But. how can that be?" went on Godfrey, still looking on her face, and holding her hand fast in his. "You a' young girl — pure and innocent — what past can you have to pare us ?" " Yet I have one," said Nell ; " a past not disgraceful ; not shameful, yet one that parts me from you — I could trust you — but — — " " Trust me, and you will find me not unworthy- of your trust." "I know that; I am sure of it — and yet " "Nell, trust me 1" Nell paused and hesitated. ... -.. " If— if . you really like me," she said, " it is but right that you should know.'.' "I do really like "you, ' Nell ; T like you as a man likes one woman in his life. I eame back to-night to ask you to be my wife, apd to tell you also of , a great folly—nay, worse than folly — of my own." " You mean " Never mind just now what I mean; 3 Want- to hear your story first, and to know if the reason yon speak of is as real to me a? it seems to you." "It is real, but to-night let it rest ; . I will tell you — yes, I promise — but to-nigbt, - ohj let us not talk of any thing painful or sad." ' ' ' "Tory well; let us be happy to- night, and leave the ghosts of the past behind us. Tall me what were you thinking of, Nell, when I came back, and startled you ?" Nell looked up half- Bmilingly in his face. " I can scarcely tell," she said ; "I was watching the, drifting clouds ; all sorts of vaguo fancies were passing through my mind." " And through mine too, as I rode back. Nell, how like we are — only " " Do not speak of any difference be tween us. But let us go down to tho waterfall : there is still light enough for that.'! So the two went together, and stood watching the water failing, falling on its ceaseless flight. And. presently the stars came out one. by one, and shone down on the darkening world. " Which is ours 1" said Godfrey, looking up at the luminous sky ; " the star whore we lived together long ago?" Nell sighed softly. " 1$, looks very peaceful up there," she answered, wistfully, "far .away from tho troubles and worries here." CHAPTER XV. A Heart Revealed. ' Neither Godfroy Seton nor Noll made any allusion next morning at breakfast to their long momentous interview of the night before. Yet they met "with a consciousness sweet to them both ; With a secret knowledge that cast a halo and glamor over their hearts. And it was well that Godfrey had something to aot as a sort of armor to his uncle's attack on the subject of "the Indian widow." For scarcely had he Eeated himself at the breakfast- table when Mr. Seton began. " Well, Godfrey, I hope you are pre pared to encounter a tempest ?" ho said. " Do the clouds look threatening ?" answered Godfrey, glancing as the sky, but at the same time not looking par ticularly happy. " Heavy squalls ; decidedly stormy, I predict," continued Mr. Seton, with a laugh. " Never saw a., woman look in a greater rage in my life than when I announced to your Indian widow that you did not intend to cast up last night." "What folly,' said Godfrey .un easily, "You'll not find it all folJy, my lad, I promise you. I A breach of promise case is the least you may expect." "Oh! father, do not say. such things," said Olive, looking shyly at her cousin. " My dear, it's well to prepare him for coming events. When I said to the widow 'I am sorry my nephew could not como with us this evening, but he's gone over to visit a young fellow in his own regiment who has boen down with fever,' I wish you had seen her face. She turned red and then pale ; she bit her lips, and I ex pected a regular scene." " And what followed ?" asked God frey, sharply, and he looked at Noll as he spoke ; but Nell's eyes were cast down, and a slight twitching of her Hps alone showed that sho had any in terest in the conversation. "What followed?" repeated Mr. Seton. " Nothing particular just then, but at dinner the lady pub me under a regular cross-examination re garding your doing3 and misdoings, Master Godfrey. She asked all sorts of questions about you, and as good as told me — well, what shall I say — that you and she were -bound to each other by some tender tie, or promise, and that I might expect to have her for a niece as soon as the correct time of ihourhing for her lateJiusband had ex pired." "This is too bad," said Godfrey, pushing back bis chair impatiently. " Don't mind my father's chaff, God frey," now 'gently suggested Olive, "He'll not find it chaff, my dear,'' replied Mr. Seton, with another laugh ; " the lady is very much in earnest, I am certain." " I don't admire her," said Olive. " But Godfrey does, or did," replied Mr. Seton, significantly, Godfrey said nothing ; again ho looked at Nell Fraser, and this time she raised her dark- grey eyes and for a moment they met his. Then a sudden blush stole over her face, and Godfrey knew that his uncle's words had been very painful to her. " Suppose you leave Mrs. Fanshawe alone for a while, and tell us who were the rest of the party, and what they said and did," now suggested Godfrey, with ' affected indifferonce, helping himself to some toast. " The Gordons were there," an swered Mr. Seton, and Colonel Leo, and his daughter. That was the whole party, and your absence Btruck a chill over our hearts. But how did you find young Hayward ?" "Rather. low," said Godfrey ; "I do not think he has pulled himself to gether. as he should have .done." . " And you dined with them ? Did. yob stay late 7" inquired Mr. Seton. "Not. very," replied Godfrey. ; "And you, Miss Fraser,.; you must have had a dull time all to yourself 7" now said Mr. Seton, looking at Noll. "Oh, no, I did very woll," sho answored smilingly. " Well, I wish you had gone to Lil- bank ; they're really kind people, the Fenwickes, and Mrs. Fenwioke said1 she would have been so pleased to see you. But I invited them, and my proposed niece, to dino here on Friday, and so you will meet them again." Neither Nell nor Godfrey spoke on receiving this intimation. But pre sently Godfroy rose and left the room with a frown on his brow, and after he was gone Mr. Seton still continued to talk on tho subject of the " Indian widow." " Do you know, I do really believe that woman is dead gone on Godfrey," ho said, first looking at Olive, and then at Nell. " JJo does not seem to ho dead gone on her then," replied Olive, with a quick blush. " No ; but one never can tell. How ever, all the same I. hope I shall not have her for my niece ; somehow I did nut care mucn. auouo nor. .dug, ae all events, they are coming on Friday, and I wonder what Godfrey will do." Godfrey in the meantime had lit a cigar, and gone oat to consider what he should do. He felt extremely annoyed, for he was sensitive, and hated that things which he deemod sacred should be publicly discussed. "How utterly coarse of her," he thought, angrily, "and — and what must Nell think ?" He had spent a restless night, for an inner consciousness had told him plainly that the grey-eyed girl he loved was anything but indifferent to him. But it had told him- also, as she had looked steadfastly in his face, that there lay some bar between them that she deemed it was impossible to cross. " What can it be ?'' asked Godfray, walking up and down among the shrubberies with uneven steps. Then a not unnatural idea occurred to him. " Can she be engaged to anyone else ?" he reflected. " Love anyone else I am sure she does not, but her fine sense of honor may make a bond, a bond to her, however unwelcome it may be." And this thought brought a sting to Godfrey's heart and a flush to his checks. He remembered nt this mo ment how he ' was treating an un welcome bond ; bow he was struggling to be free from it ; how its recollection was galling and hateful to his heart. "If we aro both bound we must shake ourselves free, "presently decided Godfrey. " We love each other — why should we give up tLe one thing that makes life beautiful or holy for the sake of what could only now make it degrading or false t" " I will' tell her the truth, and she will tell me," continued Godfrey's reflections. " How noble she looked last night, with her pure soul written in her face — while the other " and Godfrey moved his head with an im patient gesture of disgust. However, he had made up his mind. He: would face 'the . consequences of his early folly and ask the woman he loved to forgive him. He went back into the house with this fixed deter mination, but found he had not the smallest opportunity of speaking alone to Nell during tho whole day, and the next day being Friday, he remembered with ho.-ror that Mrs. Fanshawe was going to dine at Northesk. The girls were together all .the morning, and at lunch Mr. Seton re turned home in a very gloomy mood after attending poor Martin's funeral. There was no chaffing about Indian widows at this meal,- and after it was over Mr. Seton proposed a ride to Nell to distrait his mind. " Let us ride over to the vicarage and ask tho parson aud his wife to dinner to- morrow, to meet the 'people from Lilbank," he suggested, and Nell and Olive agreed to go. " Will you come with us, Godfrey 7 ' now asked Mr. Seton. Godfrey did not reply for a moment; he looked at Nell ; he wondered if he would have any chance of speaking to her alone if he went. But Nell gnvo no answering glance. She had promised to tell Godfrey Soton the truth, and" yet she shrank from speaking words that might part them. "Yet, I suppose we must part," thought Nell, and a cold chill pang crept into her heart as she did so. " Olive has something for you that came last night," now said Mr. Seton, looking at Nell. "My little girl," he ' went on, addressing Olive, " run upstairs and spread out in state the things that you know of. Miss Fraser will follow you in ten minutes, so you have plenty of time." "What is it, Mr. Seton 7" 'asked' Neil, looking at him smilingly. (to be continued.) ' ' 