NOTES AND EVENTS. iT is with very great regret indeed that we have to record the death of Mr Alex. Thompson, of Mooleric, which took place at Dr Fitzgerald's private hospital, Melbourne, yesterday morning. Death resulted from blood poisoning, which Mr Thompson con tracted whilst engaged dipping sheep about fortnight ago: As soon as the disease showed signs of developing Mr Thompson proceeded to Melbourne and placed himself under the care of Dr Fitzgerald. The disease had: apparently obtained too firm a hold, ý3 human skill could not stay the hand;bf death. Deceased was one of the most popular men in the district, and the news of his demise will be received with extreme regret on all sides. For a number of years he managed the Watch Hill estate, during which time he was a member for the Weer ing riding in the Colac Shire Council. He made a host of friends, always extending a willing hand to any per son in distress. He was a young man, being only about 35 years of age. Deceased, who leaves a widow and one child, was a step-son of the late Alex Armstrong, of Warrambine. The funeral will take place to-day on the arrival of the midday train at Birregurra. The weather during the past few days has been somewhat sultry. Last even. ing, however, a rather stiff breeze cooled the atmosphere again. The rainfall at Colac for the month of January, asregistered by Mr M'Donald at the Gardens, was 1'91 inches. Crops throughout the colony are not turning out as well as was anticipated. The grain crops both in Victoria and South Australia are belo the average. The potato yields will not come up to expectations. This may be undesir able in one sense, but probably better prices, as a result of the decreased production, will compensate thefarmer. The weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society on Friday even ing was-largely attended. A reading competition for prizes was the princi pal business which engaged attention. The senior contest was won by Mr Sarsfield W. Masrtin, and the junior by Mr A. M'Auley. The necessary requisition to join the Federated Societies was signed by the customary 15 members and ordered to be des. patched to Ballarat. It was decided to arrange a cricket match with the Cororooke club for Saturday next. The quarterly social take place in the Oddfellows' Hall on-Wednesday next and no doubt an enjoyable evening will be spent. OurBirregurra correspondent writes: -A determined attempt was made to break into the Native Youth Hotel about three o'clock yesterday morning by a man named " allon, who, by the way in which he attempted o open the window of the jbar with a pick, showed that he. was not.-very well up in- his work. The inpatps were aroused by the noise of the man working at the window, and one of them secreted himself near the spot until the man put his arms through, when., he was secured and" held until the arrival of Constable Smith, who immediately placed hi" under i.ar. " b Various matters in connection with he forthcoming sports demonstration tI eere decided at a meeting of the in libernian Society on Saturday night. I1 ir John .Rankin was appointed ol andicapper for the log chopping T ontest and the members' race. u tmong other letters read was one cc rom the private secretary to the is lovernor extending His Excellency's sj iatronage to the gathering on the a! L7th March. The meeting was ad- A onurned till Saturday week. F Beech Forest residents mustered in tl rood force at the meeting of the a' R"ailway Committee in the Shire Ball 'I in Saturday. " The various speakers prom the forest expressed the utmost A ,onfidence in'the Colac committee, and I t was nunanimionsly decided that it 1 ;hould be recognised as the central b body. They also expressed their ' wllihgness to hand over the evidence d when required. It is satisfactory in- C deed that a thorough understanding F has been come to in the interests of all C concerned. c Some time back a generous offer was made in one of metropolitan papers by a gentleman signing him self "A.B." It was that he would give £50 towards carrying on the good work of the Austin Hospital for Incurables, on condition that £,100 was specially subscribed by the general public of Victoria. The donor said it made no difference how the money was made up-2000 separate donations of one shilling each answer ing as well as 10 payments of £10. The secretary of the Hospital writes informing us that only about £9 of thbrequisite £100 has beensubscribed, and there is danger that unless the remainder be forthcoming "A.B's" generous offer may be withdrawn. It may not be generally known that the Austin Hospital is the only in stitution for incurables in the colony, and the noble work it undertakes deserves some recognition from the charity loving public of Victoria. Should any persons feel disposed to contribute a trifle we should be pleased to take charge of any dona tions, however small, and will set the ball rollieg by subscribing our mite. Mr Bullivant, J.P., gave his reserved judgment at the local police court on Friday in the case of the application made byMr Lorimer on December 19 to set aside an orderof substituted service in re Ann Terrington with respect to certain furniture bought by her from Messrs J. G. Johnstone and Co to the value of £2 3s 3d, on the ground that the full facts of the case were not placed before the bench, when it was granted. Mr Bullivant said he had considered the matter with the Police Magistrate, and had decided not to make any farther order in the matter. The application to reverse the de cision would therefore be dismissed; no costs to be allowed. Mr P. Conway's comfortable home. stead at Barongarook was destroyed by fire at an early hour on Friday morning. How the conflagration originated is a mystery, but it is surmised that some embers must have been left in the fireplace in the dining room, and these rolling-on to the floor ignited it. The alarm was raised by Mr Conway, jun., who was sleeping in a house detached from the main building. He immediately aroused Mrs Conway and one of her daughters from their slumbers, and it was with some difficulty that he carried his mother outside, as portion of the room was ablaze. Everything in the house (including a sum of £17 in notes, etc.) with the exception of articles to the extent; or about -1, was consumed. -Mr Coniway was absent in Beech Forest at the time of the occurrence and he was considerably dismayed on returning home to find his fine house completely gutted. The place was insured for £375 in the South British Insurance Company, for which 1Mr Fallon is the local agent, but it is stated that this amount will not cover the Joss. The building was used as the -Barongarook post office, but there were no letters of any im portance destroyed. The recent hurricane inQueensland and did considerable damage. The sea along the coast was lashed to fury, and it was impossible to see more than 100 yards. The steamers Leura, South Australian, Wodonga and Arawatta had most trying experiences. Officers and men were injured, and it was only with the greatest difficulty that the vessels braved the storm. Terrific seas swept over the vesels, boats were damaged, and live stock killed. The Double Point lighthouse was injured, buoys were blown miles oat to sea, and the steam collier Mtit Kemble, lying at anchor in Wollongong Breakwater, broke all her moorings and had to be scuttled in the harbor to save her from being wrecked. Severalschooners were re ported to be disabled. The exportation of poultry, etc, promises to develop into a flourishing trade. Full particulars received from London show that the turkeys, geese and rabbits by the Austral were landed on the 24th inst, and a portion were in time for the Christmas trade, All the poultry were in excellent con ditiop, and although the turkeys were last year's birds, they were sold whole sale at is per Itb, as compared with 1is 2d for English turkeys, and realised a better price than the Italians. The geese brought about 6½d per lb. There appears no reason whatever why a large trade should not be opened up for poultry, rabbitts and hares, and during certain seasons for Vic torian game, such as wild fowl and snipe. Care imust be used to take advantage of the difference of seasons. The best time for sale at Leadenhall marketis,forducks, fowls and goslings between February and April, when the market is bare of European fowls. Christmas is too early for young birds and too late'for old ones. It is worthy of remark that while Austrahlan mutton and beef do not realise much more than a third the prices of British, the poultry, and especially the rabbits, bring within a fraction the same price that would be obtained for Surrey or Susser poultry. Last year in April a sample shipment by the Parramatta returned-for fowls, 42s doz.; ducks 40s to 43s; wild fowl, 31s to 24s; teal, 9s; and rabbits, 12s, some of the latter bringing as much as 15s. With the object of putting a stop to the slaughter of game during lthe losae ucasuon Iby uisscupulous pot hunters who have no regard for the preservation of our diminishing sport, the Minister of Customs has decided to give a r&ward; of £3 for the con viction of any person shooting or sell. itg ga~e iq this 0olony oit of the tpi AP 0jggOP There was a crowded attendance at eto Victoria Hall on Saturday even. ig to witness that clever conjuror, Er Ernest Hosking, in his exposure E the Mellon spiritualistic secanes. he performance was carried out nder the most stringent conditions, a ammittee of local gentlemen watch. ig the proceedings minutely. In the piritualistic test a rope was placed round Mr Hosking's neck and sealed. silesia bag was sewn up by Miss 'itzroy; Mr Hosking got inside, and he bag was tied round the neck and saled and placed inside the Cabinet. 'he two ends of the first string were ealed on the outside and held by Mr L. Murray, while Dr Wynne and Mr lobb guarded the front of the cabinet, Jr J. B. Rea keeping sentry at the ack to see that no ghosts entered. bhe lights, however, were turned town, and the "spirits" Geordie, )issie and Josephine appeared, Dr rynne feeling the former's pulse. )f course the doctor had his onvictions about "'Geordie'." The Ludience cheered lustily when Mr losking emerged from the cabinet and stated that it was all a trick. Some very clever ventriloquial tems were given by the conjuror, while hiss Ada Fitzroy, an accomplished clairvoyant, delighted the auditorium with her seemingly nupernatural feats, the memory test being exceptionally clever. These talerted entertainers should draw rrowded houses whereever they appear. The privileges in connection with the local regatte were sold by Mr H. M. Ilearn on Saturday. The publi. cans booth was purchased by Mr Gee. Talmage for £4 10s. The lolly stall was disposed of for 17s. The rainfall at Pennyroyal for the month of January was as follows: Ja:.aary 4, 1.60in ; January 25, .08in; total 1.68 inches. Comparison with previous years-January, rainfall 1890, 72in; 1891, "93in; 1892, '68in; 1893, .26in; 1894, "77in; 1895, 1'68in. Dnring.January the weather has been generally cooler than usual, only a few days uncomfortably hot, though since the heavy rain at the beginning of the month the weather has been very dry, strong south-east winds prevailing during the latter portion. A most remarkable and exceedingly sad case of death from snake bite took place at East Brighton last week. Mr John Willmott, a gardener, resid. ing in Mackie road, cut a large black snake which he saw near the house in halves with a scythe. This did not kill the reptile;, the head portion got away, and could not.be found. Mr Willmott, thinking it could not live long, did not trouble to look after it. Next day his wife was horrified to see the missing portion of the snake, which was still alive, on the verandah, and to hear from her little child that she had been bitten on the hand by it. Two punctures were plainly visible. Dr Grant, of Oakleigh, was immediately sent for, but before he arrived the child had expired. It is surmised that the head of the snake was brought to the place where it was found by a cat. Despite the inducements offered for the exportation of rabbits by the promise of a great demand for them in England, " bunny" continues to defy all attempts at annihilation. A deputation from a conference of muni cipalities waited upon the Minister, of Lands last week, and pointed out that since the inspectors were withdrawn the rabbib-nuisanen had become more pronounced than ever, and some measures would have to be taken it the pastures were to be preserved for sheep and cattle. It was pointed out that the police could not properly perform the duties of rabbit inspectors owing to the demand made upon their time in other ways, and it was sug. gested that honorary boards should be appointed to co.operate with the police, and that the department should allow its foresters to assist in inspecting the holdings .to see that the regulations were being observed. The Minister promised to consult the officers of his department and endeavor to carry out the wishes of the deputation, and he would also see if the foresters could be spared to do the work. Consideraltle progress has been made with the surveys of railways on the narrow gauge basis undertaken by the Railway department for the parlia mentary comm ttee to furnish tangible evidence of the the difference of cost in favor of the narrowv gauge system against the standard gauge. Two lines are in the hands of the surveyors, having been selected to show the effect of the narrow gauge in two different classes of country. The first is boing surveyed from Cunninghame to Orbost, a district chosen to illustrate a mode rately heavy country, and this survey will be finished shortly. The other has been placed in the country from Moe to WValhalla, which was chosen as a type of very difficult country, in which the advantages of the narrow gauge would be more conspicuous. The route is 28 miles, about half of which is of moderate difficulty; but the last 12 miles running into Walballa and the gorge of Stringer's Creek is exceedingly heavy. The original estimate for a broad gange line was about -£14,000 or 15,000 a mile, which made the line simply impossible. It is expected that the survey will be finished in a few weeks, (writes the Age), and 'ith the facts before them the members of the com mitteo will be able to pronounce definitely and finally on the adoption of the narrow gauge. Whatever may be the capacity of Eng. laud to absorb the butter exports of Victoria, there is apparently no limit to the supply. The applications for space each week are a long way in excess of of the tonnage available by the regular weekly sailings, and to overtake the surplus a special steamer will no doubt have to be put on, as n-as the case in December. By the Orotava, which left on Saturday, space for 800 tons was applied for, but only 165 tbns could be accommodated. It is not desirable that there should be such a large quantity on hand to. ward the end of the season, as heavy shipments when nearing the Englisn spring generally result in a consider. able amount of butter having to be stored during the summer, the placing 6f which on the market in the follodp., ing:winter hlia a"t ijEijudlda efidct'ori the prices qdoted for the now season C hhipuients. Arrangements are being made for th ore saunption of operations at tho Camperdown rabbit factory by the Western MIeat Pre servtinm.Company. It is expected that E conueuce~eut will be made eMrIl a 