Short Trip from Rome to tlie Holy Laud, in 1893. (BY REV. J. SHERIDAN, P.P.) ( Continued,) Bamleb (continued)-Valley of Ajalon Yale of Saron-House of Obededom Ain Karim - Valley of Terebinth Emmaus, 3tc. Whilst taking a cursory survey of the surroundings of this antiquated village, I came upon an old ruin supposed to have been a monastery erected by the Crusaders, where hospitality was afforded to all "pilgrims on their way to the Holy City. It is about one Ihundred yards square. arches, corridors, pavements, staircases and windows are after the same style as similar institutions at the present day in the western countries of Europe. On the south side there are two rows of pointed arches ; on the north and west oniy one arch remains. All the masonry on the eastern side has entirely disappeared, and the solid foundations only remain to show the vast area enclosod by this sacred building. The solid pavements of the floor of this spacious edifice in some places are still as perfect as the day thoy were finished. In some places, however, overgrown with grass, there are openings into the deep vaults beneath, most dangerous to'tlie unwary pilgrim. Imagine trapholes of that kind beneath one's feet, whilst gazing in wonder at the huge proportions of the surrounding ruins 1 What a thing to be tolerated by any govern ment, but we must not wonder at auything, no matter how extraordinary, whilst travel ling in the Ottoman Empire. Theso yawning chasms are opening here and there . through the floor and court-yard, and the danger of taking a false step takes away all th<5 interest that otherwise a person should feel in wandering oyer the foundations of this very interesting ' ruin. In the centre of this immense square are the remains of a^ neat Shrine with vaulted roof, which evidently must have been a Chapel.. On the South Bide is the ontranco to those deep vaults whose roof is supported on two rows of square columns. They extend under the whole area- of the court. The holes or openings made the visit so hazardous that I left before I could fully satisfy my curiosity. I was afraid every moment of a fatal step. One single unguarded move, or one anxious look to get a better view, : would plunge mo down some thirty feet through those unprotected apertures, deep into the gloomy sol'tudes beneath. The belfry tower, erected in &.d. 1818, still stands one hundred feet high and' thirty feet square. It is built of white^ marble, and is ascended by a spiral staircase of one hundred and twenty-eight steps. It is usually called- the tower of the forty martyrs. . . Among the many interesting objects to be seen from the summit of this watch tower, I must specially mention tho scene of'Sampson's prodigious strength in des troying.the lion, ", which he executed with tho same ease that he would a kid, as we are informed in the fourteenth chapter of the book of Judges. I also must mention that it was in this same locality he slew the thousand Philistines with the jaw-bone of the ass. I was on the look out among the various curiosities of the place to find some trace of the wonderful jaw-bone, but I gave it best, and soon took my departure across tho flowery plain of Saron. After a short drive .the guide ejaculated «' Father, here we are in the Valley of Ajalon. Could it be wondered at that my curiosity was instantly aroused to its highest on finding myself in the very same locality where the sun and moon stood still at the command of Josuo some 38years ago ? Before the battle, as we read in the tenth chapter of the book of Josue, he consulted the Lord in prayer, and was told not to ' fear, that the united armies should be ?: delivered over to him. The Kings, on beholding the great Jewish soldier, were -filled with consternation, and..their armies fled in all directions. On passing Bethoron, which was pointed out to me in ruins on our left, the sacred penman tells us that the Lnvd cast down large .stones from Heav-n upon them in their flight, killing greater numbers than were slain by the . sword of,the Israelites. . Night approaches, and Josue, seeing that many eaoapod uninjured, raised up his eyes with this solemn appeal to the setting sun and rising moon-". Move not, 0 sun, towards Gabaon, and thou, moon, move not towards the valley of Ajalon." The sun stood still for twelve hours, giving ample time to complete his '-.victory. The hail came in blooks~from Heaven, destroying the fugitive _ soldiers within a radius of some twelve miles from the scene of that memorable victory. .. Whilst musing over those events of bygone agog in the same locality, and perhaps on the Bame spot whore they occurred, I could not help thinking how the very rocks and hills for miles around witnessed this signal victory of God's people over their enemies, and I looked up to that same sun that beamed on me in the full blaze of noonday, thinking erstwhile of that authoritative command of Josue and its terrible results. I looked ground m<3 in vain for the rocks that were hurled from the clouds and the blocks of hail that left no room for escape. But whatever hopes there might be of dis covering the rocks, there appeared much less to come upon the hailstones. *' We now arrive at a half-way house, where the coach cliauges horses. Here we remained for a couple of hours, had some refreshments, a feed for our horses, and a good rest. There were several English peoplG staying there on their journey just liko ourselves. The time passed very pleasantly, and we did not find until we were on.tho road again. The next object to arrest my attention was the village of Latroun, the birthplace ot Dismas, the penitent thief. ' Do you see that pile of ruins?" said my guide. " Ye3." " Well, that's where the penitent thief lived." Ifi appears this tradition is so ancient that it may be traced back to the very day the three crosses stood on Calvary. St. Luke, in the twenty-third chapter of his gospel, informs us - (89) " That one of these robbers who were hanged blasphemed, saying, ' If thou be Christ, save thyself and us (40) but the other answering, rebuked him, saying, ' Neither dost thou fear God, seeing that thou art under the same con demnation (41) and we indeed justly, for we receive the due reward of our deeds, but this man hath done no evil; (42) and he said to Jesus, ' Lord, remember me when thou shalt come into thy kingdom (48) and Jesus said to him, ' Amen. I Bay to thee this day, thou shalt be with me in Paradise.' " A traditionary legend tells of the time when the Holy Family were on their way to Egypt, flying from the persecution of Herod, vthat thoy were attacked by two thieves," who demanded whatever little money they had. One of them named Dis mas, out of compassion, protected the blessed family from the brutality and insults of his companion. It appears that those were the very same culprits afterwardB cruoified alongside our Divine Lord. He remem bered with gratitude the kindness and compassion of Dismas, "and bestowed on him the grace of repentance, which merited the consoling promise: "This day thou shalt be with me in Paradise." The village is located on the summit of a hill above us, and presents a most dilapidated, poverty-stricken and wretched appearance. The remains of a large fortress and walls of a ruined Church erected by the Crusaders,"are the most remarkable relics of the middle or early ages that have any attraction for the passing pilgrim. We are now out of sight of the Plain of Saron and Valley of Ajalon, and, by a steep and winding road, ascend the lonely, barren and deserted hills of Judea. " There beyond is the village of Kirjathjearim," said the guide, whilst pointing to another abandoned and miserable old pile of ruins on the top of the hill to our right. " There is the house of Abinidab," he said, where the Ark of Covenant remained from its restoration by the Philistines until brought by David into Jerusalem. To refresh the memory on the circumstances which led to this act of restitution on the part of the Philistines, it is necessary to read the sixth and seventh chapters of the first book of Kings, and the thirteenth chapter of the Paralipomenon, whore the whole account of the victories and losses on both sides are given at full length. The inhabitants are all Mahomedans. We now come to Joab's Well, where the weary traveller has an opportunity of re freshing himself. It is just inside'the road fence, in the form of a square, in solid masonry with vaulted covering., 'I tried to get the history of the Weft, but to no pur pose. "Joab's Well," that is just the full extent of my information regarding it. I leave my readers to find out the rest. On the opposite side of the road, to my left is an old house called Deir Ayoub or Convent of Joab. Its history is equally mysterious to mo as that of the Well. Whilst resting at the Well I could not but remember the scriptural account of the removal of the Ark from the house of Abinidab to Jerusalem by King David. I" could, fancy I saw him ascending that bare hill in all his majesty surrounded by some 80,000 soldiers, arranged in regular military regiments of hundreds and thousands. Countless num bers are assembled from the confines of Egypt to the northern limits of the Land of Promise. The Ark is taken out and placed on a new cart drawn by afresh yoke of unbroken oxen. David leads the way, surrounded by his choirs and musicians skilled in the harp, trumpets, cymbals and psalteries. That vast assemblage of human beings followed in military order along this same road, on which it is my privilege and happiness to travel, whilst pondering over those histori' cal events in awe and wonder. My attention is soon arrested by. the frowning look of a large old rnin on the summit of the bare hill to my rightr ' That is Obededom's house,' said my worthy guide, pointing towards it. At once I recollected its history. In the sixth chapter of the second book of Kings the saored penman, when describing the procession from Abinidab's house along the road to Jerusalem, tells us that Oza was struck dead for presuming to touch the Ark, even though it were to save it from falling-(8) " David was grieved because the Lord had struck Oza, (9) and was afraid of the Lord, saying ' How shall the Ark of the Lord come to me (10) he would not have the Ark of the Lord brought into the city of David, but caused it to be carried to the house of Obededom the Grethite; (11) and it abode there three months, and the Lord blessed Obededom and all his household." This occurred about 2927years ago. Encour aged by the accounts of favors lavished on Obe dedom David resumed his former resolution of conveying the Ark to his palaoe on Mt.' Sion. In doing so he took due precaution that nothing should be forgotten or omitted that wo aid tend to render suitable honor to the holy deposit in his charge. On the appointed day he arrived at that old ruined house on the hill, accompanied with all the ancients of Israel and the officers of his army. The priests took the Ark on their shoulders, and at every six steps a victim was immolated. The King had laid aside ° his royal ornaments and was robed in an ephod of fine linen. Leading the proces sion, as before, he gladdened the multitude along this very road by his songs, in which he was assisted by seven choirs of musioians. All the voices and instruments joined in the responses. He himself danced before the Ark to express the joy of his heart. When deposited in the tabernacle prepared for it, he terminated the event with costly sacrifices to the Lord and presents to all the people. Proceeding slowly along the bad road leadiug over this historic spot, I took a last sorrowful look at the scene of one of the most memorable faots of history, and soon ! afterwards found myself in full view of the mosque ereoted to mark the birthplace of the prophet Samuel. It is elevated on a hill at some distanoe to our left, too far to be conveniently visited. On our right i the old dwelling and fortress of the Macca bees, majestic even in its rains. Whilst descending the hill my guide points oat on our right the village of Am Karim. the birthplace of St. John the Baptist. Here waB the residence of Zachary and Elizabeth. It is situated in a beautiful valley sur rounded by hills terraoed from base to summit, and planted with the olive, the vine, and the fig. A Franciscan Ohurch marks the spot and rests upon the ancient foundations of the holy house. Close by is the convent and guest-house, where the weary traveller finds rest and refreshments. Beyond the village, high up on the hillside, is the sanctuary marking the enmmer-honse of Zachary, where the visitation took place when Elizabeth greeted Mary with the words, " Blessed are thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, whence is this to me that the mother of my God should visit me, etc." Mary replied in the words of the Magnificat: " My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit doth exalt in God my Saviour, because he hath re garded the humility of his handmaid; for behold 1 from henceforth all generations shall call me ' blessed,' because He that is mighty has done great things to me."> On the eighth day after his birth, when the circumoiBion of St. John was about to taxe place, here it was that his father Zachary filled with the Holy Ghost poured forth that divine canticle which comprises the entire plan of the Gospel, and full descrip tion of tha Church in its palmiest days : " Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, because He hath visited and wrought the redemp tion of His people, and hath raised up a horn of salvation to us in the houBe of David his servant. As He spoke by the mouth of his holy prophets who are from the beginning, salvation from our enemies, and from the hands of all that hate us, &o.; &c.;" I cannot attempt to describe my feelings whilst there silently gazing ovor the sacred spot where those inspired words fell from God's most favored servants. I turned in vain to the hills and valleys desiring them to speak to me all they knew of those loved ones whom they often, perhaps, sheltered from the biting colds of winter as well as from the scorch ing heat of the summer's sun. Proceeding onwards only a short dis tance, my attention is directed to she village of Emmaus on the side of the hill to our left. A narrow rugged lane branches oft to it at right angles from the road. Close to this lane is a road-side coffee house, where we had some refreshments. There is no doubt but it was here Oar Lord pretended to continue his journey, as related in the twenty-fourth chapter and twenty-eighth verse of St. Luke. He was after joining company with his disciples some distance further on. They were bound for Emmaus. It was on Easter Sunday evening after His resurrec tion. He entered into their conversation at once, and clearly proved from the testimony of Holy Scriptures that the Crucified Jesus must have been the Messiah. Never could I realise what it is to be face to face with those Scripture facts until now. Yes, and even now I cannot appreciate my priyilege as I should wish. A short distance further on we oross the bridge which fords the creek running through the famous valley of Terebinth. From this brook tradition deolares that David took stones, with which he Blew Goliath the giant, and put an end to his boasting. (First book Samuel, 17 ch). Curiosity prompted me to carry off a missile from this historic spot, which I am pre pared to show any visitor. I do not say that this was the identical stone used by David, but feel that if identified by those amongst us, who make a special study of the Scripture, I Bhall be more than amply repaid for the trouble I had in going down for it to the bottom of the creek. On the summit of a hill, some short distance from the road, the guide pointed out Mispah, where, aooording to the first book of Samuel, the Israelites assembled to elect a king. Here Saul was chosen by Almighty God, " as there were none like to him among the people." The dreariness and desolation of those localities cannot be imagined. They afforded me the fullest explanation why the daughter of Jephtha went to weep on the mountains of Judea, and why the prophets retreated to the high places to pour forth their tears and lamentations over the ruins of Jerusalem. The hills are all conical shaped and connected at their base. A few goats, sheep, and starved donkeys in vain sought for a mouthful over those barren hill sides. I could not help thinking of our own Australia some few years ago when the cattle and sheep were dying all over the country through starvation, caused by years of incessant droughts. The vegetation ol those hills appeared very muoh the same as .our own when the oountry was at his worst. (To be Continued.) 