\- ST. GABELLE'S IM. \- My Uncle Bayle was a man whom ev ery one loved and welcomed as a visitor. His home was not as ours was, in the little city of Mirepoix, but in a grand ' cnateau, witn crimson root and sliutters, in the environs of Foix. A lawyer by profession and pressed with business, he never let. a fortnight pass without com ing to see our mother, and there were many of us to greet him, for Uncle Bayle was the eldest of 13 children, all of them, with one or two exceptions, living with their own or their children's children in the neighborhood of the family home, my sister and myself in the homestead itself, with onr infirm bnt pious and \- . courageous. SD3ther, whom, as I told yon tit Awhiie ago, Unole Bayle came to see. '"Uncle," said Dorothy one evening, the prettiest as well as the bravest of all onr cousins, "tell ns a ghost story, please. "We have heard all the others." "One cold autumn evening," said he, "some 40 years ago, I was returning from Toulouse, where I had been called on business. I was traveling fast and bad already passed Anterive, where some friends h»l urged me to stay the night, but I was in a hurry to reach Saverdun, three leagues farther on, and continued iny rente. Just in front of the monastery of Bolbonne, in the forest of Seconrieu, one of those furious tempests which spring up in the heart of the mountains without a moment's warning fell npon me. In less than no time it was as black as midnight and the road invisible. There was nothing fer it but to turn about and ask for shelter at Bolbonne. In a little while my horse stopped, and I saw that we were before the door of an inn. I entered. The com pany was numerous and composed of merchants, Spanish students and the sportsmen of the neighborhood, sur prised like myself by tbe storm. " 'Truly,' said one of the hunters, 'the weather's devilish— a regular witches' sabbat.' " 'Pardon me,' cried a voice in a dis tant corner, 'witches and goblins hold sabbats on moonlight nights and not in stonns."- "We all turned to see who had spoken and saw that it was a Spanish mer chant. None of us seemed disposed at first to answer a remark made with such solemn gravity. In fact, wo were as si lent as owls until suddenly my neighbor on the right, a young man of frank and pleasing, appearance, burst into a fit of laughter. " 'Really,' said he, indicating the mer chant who had spoken last, 'it seems as if the gentleman understood the habits of goblins. Perhaps they've told yon,' turning to him scornfully, 'how much they dislike to he wet and muddy!' "The Spaniard gave him a terrible . look. " 'You speak too ligbtly, young man,' said he, 'far too lightly of things you know nothing about.' " 'And you wonld have mo believe that ghosts exist':' « 'Perhaps,' said the other, 'if you are brave enough to look and see. Here's a purse,' he continued, rising and ap proaching the table, 'containing 30 gold en quadruples. I wager them all that in an hour's time I call before you the face of any one of your friends, even if he has been dead a dozen years, whom you may name to me. Moreover, when you have recognized him, he shall ap proach, embrace and salute you with a kiss. Do you agree? And as he asked the question the manner of the man was so impressivo and stem that we invol untarily trembled. My neighbor only remained unmoved. " 'And yon can do all that? he cried. " 'Yes,' answered the Spaniard, 'and willingly part with my 30 quadruples beside, if I do not, provided you will lose a similar amount if I hold to my promise and force you to believe.' The offer was at once accepted. "To guard against trickery and decep tion, we decided to use a little pavilion situated in the outer garden, perfectly isolated and hare of everything but a chair and a table. After assuring our selves that there were no other iasnea than a door and a window, the student entered and, we left hlm to his fate, not, however, without placing beside him all the necessary writing materials and ex tinguishing tbe lights. "When everything was ready and we had arranged ourselves in a circle around the door, the Spaniard, who had waited in.ahsolnte silence till all was done, be gan to Bing in a low, sweet voice, a verse, as near as I can remember, running thus: With a crackiaa no!» the coffin borate In the tomb, deep, dark and profound,. < And the phantom white places bis foe C Oivthtj ioll of the cold, damp ground! . "Then, elevating his voice, he called to the student shut up within, the pavil ion: '"You have told me,' said he, that you desire to have a visit from the spirit of your friend, Francis Vinlat, drowned three years ago while crossing the ferry of Penaagnolee. Now, what do you see? " 'I see nothing,' replied the student; but stay! a white light begins to lift itself yonder by the window, formless, shifting and liko a floating cloud' "After a moment's silence tho Span iard begins to sing again, his voice deeper and gloomier than bofore: "And the phantom white, whom tho rnehiag mine Had faded to a tint eo fair. ' Wiped with hie abroad and his skeletou hand The droya from ills faoo and hair." " 'What So you see now,' he cries, you who wish to sound the mysteries of tho tomb; what do you see now? " 'Nothing,' replies the voice of tho Btu- lent, calm and cool as ever. "'And you are not afraid? cries tho Spaniard, his manner more scornful and insulting still. " 'I am not afraid,' comes back tho slear, bravo voice of tho prisoner within, while we, standing on the ontside and in sight of tho infornal sorcerer's incanta tions, scarcoly dare to look ntcach other, to great is our dismay and surprise. "'And tho phantom said,' cries the Spaniard furiously: And Urn phantom said, coming out from tho tomb, "In order that ho may know mo in truth, f will go to my friend proud, smiling nndawcot, As in tho days of onr flrst early yonthl" "And again, ceasing his song, ho puts his terrible question: " 'What do you see now? " 'The phantom advancing— he raises tho veil— it is Francis— Francis Viatal— ho approaches the table— ho writes— ho has written his name' But before he can say more the Span iard resumes, his voice wildand howling: And tho phantom said to this mocking man, "Come thou at onco and give to uo thy hand to my hand, thy heart to my heart, And thy lips where I can kiss thee!" " 'Are yon afraid now? Are you afraid now?" ho repeats, almost with frenzy.' A. shuddering cry, dying away in a moan, is tho student's only answer. ' " /I warned , him,' said the.Spaniard harshly; 'I warned him howit wonld bo. You see, messieurs,' turning to address us, 'that I have gained tho wager. But let him keep the money. I am content with the lesson given him. He will be wiser in future." And with a grave in clination he walked away, leaving us thunderstruck at the door of the pavilion, behind which the sound of moans still continued. "At last we opened it to find the stu dent writhing upon the floor, a paper signed with the name of Francis Viatal on the table beside him. It was at least on hour before he had recovered suffi ciently to be about again. Then, fnrioua with rage at the treatment he had re ceived from the sorcerer, heinsisted npon having him brought before him. "But the merchant was not to be found, either in or out of the inn. " 'But I will find him,' cried the stu dent, 'and I will kill him on the spot for the impious performance in whioh he has made me assist." "And soon after, learning from the stable boy that the merchant had sad dled his horse himself and departed some time ago, he followed him, still swearing instant vengeance. "We never 6aw him — in fact, we never saw either of them again." "And yet. Uncle Bayle," said Dor othy breathlessly, "you can say there are no such things as ghosts or goblins"——. " More positively than ever," he re plied. "Neither tho Spanish merchant nor the Toulouse student were ever seen Again, as I tell you. No more were tho 80 beautiful quadruples which I and tho other guests of the inn had put together to make up the sum of the Spaniard's wager. The two rascals had carried them off between them, after playing he- fore us a comedy whioh we were simple tons enough to believe, but which I found very dear at the time, when I had considerably less monev to snare than at present." — From the French. 