literature. THE PIRATE TEN : A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'A' Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' -The Frozen Pirate,' 'The Death Ship,' ' The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement -with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter X. — Thb Sleep-wadkeb. Meanwhile on the poop the captain walked right aft beside the wheel smoking a cheroot, and with him paced the surgeon, who told him that Miss Holroyd's illness was of a very light nature ; something she had eaten had disagreed with her. 'Otherwise we are a healthy ship, sir,' said the old skipper. ' Aft, yes ; forward up to the sailor's ave rage, sir,' said the surgeon. 'It is a good average,' exclaimed the skip per, after a suck at his weed. ' A very poor average surely, sir,' said the surgeon. 'How would you have it otherwise ? They get nothing to eat. If it were not for the ? air they feed on they'd die.' Old Benson came to a stand as though shocked and exclaimed sternly — 'There is no class of laboring men better fed than the sailor.' The surgeon bowed contemptuously. It was not for him to argue with this despot of the quarter-deck. 'Fork, beef, pudding, soup, biscuit, rum, sugar, molasses, continued the skipper, tot ting off the items upon the air with a flourish of his red-ended cigar as he croaked on. 'Does your laborer get such food ashore ? Can a man starve ou such food at sea ?' 'Captain,' said the surgeon, 'it's the skeleton of famine that slaughters sailors' meat and pickles it, and the skeleton serves it out to them. This, sir, is a liberal ship. I've eaten ol the forecastle dishes and there is no nutriment in what I swallow. There is nothing I saw proper to maintain vitality in the human frame saving the worms in which the biscuit abounds.' lie is drunk ! thought the astounded cap tain. The mate's voice just then was heard calling. The skipper went along the deck and the sur geon below. ' I couldn't make out who it was, sir,' said the mate, standing at the rail and addressing someone on the quarter-deck. ' It's too hot to turn in, ' exclaimed Captain Trollope in a drawling note. The little skipper reached the mate's side and looked down. 'Who is that, sir?' said he, peering sus piciously, though he saw plainly enough, for -Trollope stood in the small sheen flowing through the cuddy windows. ' Captain Trollope, sir,' said the mate. 'What are the regulations in this ship?' exclaimed Trollope, backing to the quarter deck capstan and leaning in a haughty pose whilst he looked up. ' Do you put your pas sengers to bed like schoolboys that a man can't walk the deck here on a hot night for a mouthful of fresh air without being cliallenged by the officer of the watch ?' ' It was no challenge,' said the mate. 'I thought you were one of the seamen.' ' I shall stay on deck all night if I choose,' said Trollope, pulling out a cigar ease, with no intention, however, of smoking. ''My pas sage _ money entitles me to the use of this ship.' ' To your cabin and the table, sir, but to the deck at the discretion of the commander,' bawled the skipper, who had come to this talk angry from the surgeon. ' I decline to listen to you, Captain Benson,' said Trollope. 'You act imper tinently in addressing ma You owe me an apology and I intend to exact it as a gentle man and as a man who has had the honor of holding her Majesty's commission. Failing it, sir, when we arrive in London I will take a very early opportunity of what sailors call ' squaring the yards' with you.' Saying which he lounged out of sight into the shadows about the gallery. Old Benson's lungs pumped with an engine's power with passion. The mate a few feet distant heard him blowing like a grampus. But what could he do? Prudence not to be neutralised by temper was one of his several useful naval qualities. Supposing he locked Captain Trollope up — laid nun in irons, as his present rage dictated? The news would spread on the ship's arrival. The papers would comment with their usual impertinent freedom on the subject. Captain Benson would be known as the skipper who clapped his passengers in irons for venturing to take the air of a hot night. A man who knew Benson well once said of him to another, 'There is not much sentiment in Benson.' ' Yes, plenty,' answered the other, 'but they call it nfty-per-eentiment.' The old skipper hoped to sail the seas a few years longer and to add to his dividends, which were already not inconsiderable, and so after blowing at the rail for a few minutes he threw his cigar away and went to his cabin. Seven bells were struck at that moment — half-past 11. Johnson and Hankey were beside the skylight ; no other passengers were on deck. The man at the wheel stood solitary aft. The two men lighted their pipes when the captain went below and the mate said nothing, for why should he stop men from smoking when the ladies had gone to bed ? A wide high night of stars and clouds moving slowly over the ship. Here and there the sea-glow glanced in puffs of green smoke and the ripple of the forefoot broke steady and strong; but the ocean was wonderfully smooth, save that the_ long sighs of the Pacific breast at peace rolled in the wake of the recent gale, and the three heights, rising pale, beat time to the mysterious unheard music which sets the stars dancing over the mastheads of sailing ships. The shadowy figure of Captain Trollope came and went on the quarter-deck within sight of the mate, who watched him as if he feared he was going to blow up the vessel. Not till eight bells did that tall shape dis appear. Mr. Matthews, with some relief of mind, then saw it stalk into the cuddy and close its own cabin door upon itself. Johnson and Hankey had by this time smoked their pipes out and vanished. The girl bad not shown herself. One or another had found an excuse to listen tiptoe fashion at her door; once Hankey did so, Shannon too, and Cald well, all under pretence of drawing water from a filter abrsast of Miss Mansel's berth ; but no sound had been heard and it was then felt and understood by the conspirators who were sober that the girl, for good reasons that she would doubtless be able to explain, had resolved not to communicate what she had overheard till the morning. It was now Mr. Poole's turn to take charge of the ship. He arrived promptly, aud when the mate was gone sent a lazy glance at the sea and to thoroughly awaken liimself for the four hours' duty fell to pacing the deck. There had been some bustle forward at eight bells when such of the watch below as were in the forecastle turned out, but all was quiet again. A midnight calm overhung the dark end of the barque. The lookout-man sat himself down on the foot of a cathead and folding his arms sank his nose and snored through it ; that he thought was lookout enough for a, fine night in a spacious ocean and -nothing in sight. Scarcely was it 1 o'clock in the morning when a most dismal, melancholy wailing was heard proceeding from the sea, apparently right ahead. It was something like the cry of the jackal as it sneaks to the river's edge for a meal of black meat, but startling and amazing because so sudden, so uncommon, so unexpected mdwild and beast-like. 'What's that?' said Mr. Poole aloud to himself, and when that strange cry was repeated a minute after, clearly proceeding as before from the sea right ahead, he yelled out again, ' What's that V loud and shrill. The lookout man kayt to his feet and sprang into the head to look over the bows. The watch tumbled on to their legs and ran confusedly to the forecastle. Again sounded the melancholy long-drawn, heart-subduing, wailing noise, and Mr. Poole, wild with impatience and excitement, unable to obtain a reply from the men, jumped on the quarterdeck and rushed forward. Thus were the principal decks for a space rendered vacant; \ tie helmsman was fax aft ; nothing happening on the quarterdeck would be visible fo him, . ' ' What is it?' cried the second mate, thrust ing in amongst the men and looking over the bows.' The ocean came in a smoky shadow to the ship and the ripples arched aft in trembling gleams, but the sound of the feathering of them into froth was too dim and delicate to break the awful hush of night upon the ocean to the ears which now crowded at the rail of the forecastle head. The wing-shaped canvas soared in pallid spaces from bowsprit and jib booms, deepening the darkness of the night behind them. They pulled trexnorless at their sheets and weight enough was in the breeze to gently heel the whole fabric, the main-royal sailing like a cloud against the stars with the swing of the swell, and two thin lines of wink ing lights shooting into the black water astern from the eddies and broken brine about the barque's haunches. '/ don't see nothen,' said a gruff voice. 'What the blazes is it or was it ?' 'Ain't that like a raft out their?' exclaimed another. 'Raft in your eye,' grumbled Tom. 'There's another man gone mad and another soul gone lost.' Again it sounded, always ahead, yet faint and seemingly in the air. What is one to compare that melancholy affrighting note to ? Probably the African explorer may hear some thing like it when the cathedral gloom of the mighty forest has blackened into midnight. 'Seams to be drawing ahead of us,' said a man in a hoarse whisper of fear and awe. 'Where's the gale blowed us to?' said another. 'Smite my eyes if the Bed Sea ain't abroad.' 'Hold your jaw,' cries the second mate, 'and use your eyes. What d'ye see ?' 'Dummed if I. don't think it comes from aloft?' said a sailor, and turning his back on the rail he lifted his chin aud stared str^';^1* up at the fore-royaL ' Hallo, hallo ! Why, what the blooming blazes is that ?' roars Tom. writhing and stag gering and pointing. They looked — the figure of a man was now to be seen — but as an app_arition or phantom — bestriding the flying jibboom-end ! A cold horror ran in the blood of the superstitious seamen. A dead silence fell upon them whilst they stared, and not the least amazed and ter rified of the gogglers was young Mr. Poole, the 6econd mate. ' Fok'sle there !' came a hail from the jib boom end, 'can any of you tell me how the deuce I've got out here ?' 'Hang rne,' muttered the second mate, 'if it isn't one of the ten passengers. Hallo, you, sir!' he shouted, 'what are you doing out there 1 Lay in. lay in ! You've alarmed the whole ship's company with this tomfoolery.' ' Tomfoolery !' cried back the gentleman, who continued to bestride the boom end, 'who's this tomfool that's played this joke oil on me? Who's launched me out on this dangerous place ? If I let go I am a killed man.' ' Is he drunk?' said the second mate. 'Lunatic, sir, lunatic, ' growled Tom. 'We must bring him in,' said the second mate, 'or he'll be overboard. Jump out some of ye men and help him along.' But even as he spoke these words the shadow at the flying jibboom end had cast its legs over and was sliding towards the fok'sle in a man ner that instantly satisfied the experienced eyes of the Jacks that he required no assis tance. He drew in very stealthily, pausing when at the bowsprit, as though to admire the picture of the shiji as she drove in sleepy beauty, pale and silent over the water. ' Come in, sir,' bawled the second mate and in the man came, gaining the deck with as nimble a spring over the rail as was ever witnessed on a man-of-war. The seamen crowded round him. Mr. Poole shoved in — the geutleman was Mr. Walter Shannon. He wore pyjamas and a white shirt and was hatless and barefooted. A figure thus clad would easily dissolve at the distance of the flying jibbom end of the Queen into the pallor and gloom of the canvas. Rubbing his eyes and yawning, looking first up and then down, then round him with sudden motions of his head, Mr. Shannon counterfeited a hundred marks of agitation, distress, and bewilderment. ' What is the meaning of this, sir ?' said the second mate sternly. ' I think I see it all now,' exclaimed Mr. Shannon, talking as though his teeth chattered. ' I have walked in my sleep.' ' And talked too, I allow,' said a man with a grunting laugh. ' What Christian country does that there howl of yourn belong to ?:'_ ' It is quite clear to me now,' exclaimed Mr. Shannon, speaking in a voice of awe, ' I have walked in my sleep. To think of my having crept in my unconsciousness to that ex treme point of the ship there. Good angels, what an escape !' ' There worn:t much the looks of an escape in the way you came slidin' in,' said a man. 'Stop your jjoople from being impertinent, Mr. Poule,' said the gentleman. 'What's the good,' suddenly roared Tom, ' of a man laying out to a ship's flying jibboom end and yowling? Goin' there for that ? What's the bloomin' good of it? All in the ?lead of the night. Do they call it sleep walking ? I've known sailor men ashore get a month for smaller skylarking jobs than this,' and the grumbler stepping to the forescuttle dropped noiselessly into the seamen's den. 'Thft captain 'il want to know the meaning of this boom-ended joke of touts,' said Poole, stooping' to get a view of the poop under the foot of the foresail. 'What do I care for the captain?' re sponded Mr. Shannon, folding his arms and stiffening his spine into a lofty carriage. ' ' Is he ship's doctor as well as ship's captain? Then he'll knov.' how to cure my disease. And may I ask,' he went en in a tone of wounded dignity, 'if no lookout is kept aboard this ship of a night? How is it that there's nobody aboard a shipful of people to stop a man from going overboard in his sleep ?' ' It's my lookout,' said a rough voice. ' I never seed you nor the likes of you come forrard.' ' Well, sir, 'says Poole hotly, making a move iu the direction of the forecastle ladder, 'sleep-walking or do sleep-walking the cap tain's got to hear of this and the rest'll be his job.' 'Stop!' exclaimed Mr. Shannon. 'Here is a portion of the crew. Are these men the watch on deck ?' ' ' Wha's dot got to do mit you ?' growled a man. 'I should like to learn,' continued Mr. Shannon, speaking as though he would detain the interert of this queer business ou the fore castle as long as possible, ' if any man saw me pass — how I looked — how I walked V ' Who's a going to keep a lookout for sleep walking passengers on such a night as this?' said a man. 'We signed to do men's work. If you want massing you should have shipped your Sally along with you.' ' i'hese men are beastly impertinent,' ex claimed Mr. Shannon, letting fall his arms and spinning round. 'If you are common sailors you should behave as such.'5 'Come aft, come aft, sir,' exclaimed Poole, catching him by the arm, and he added in a hot whisper, ' This is the sailor's end of the ship. You're mad to anger them here. Look ! every belt has its knife. Til not be answer able.' 'Til make it right with you, my lads. Fired if I yet know where I am,' and Mr. Shannon stretched his arms and yawned and stared again, first up and then down and then around with a fine affectation of bewilderment and alarm. But it had now run into more than twenty minutes since Mr. Poole rushed from the poop to the forecastle to learn the meaning of the distressful, spirit-moving wailing, and in less time than twenty minutes a barbarous murder may be done. With sauntering steps Mr. Shannon fol lowed the second mate off the forecastle, but when ho was in the thick of the shadow be twixt the bulwark and the long-boat he made a stride, and catching- the officer by the shoulder arrested him with a hand of iron. Poole sprang round to his own defence. The other laughed softly at the second mate's fight ing attitude and exclaimed — 'My dear fellow, you quite mistake. I merely wish to ask you ? ' ' By thuuder, Mr. Shannon, but it'll go hard with you if you handle me again in that fashion!' interrupted Poole in a voice strong with resentment and dislike; in fact, the strength of the other had put the shock of a blow into his mere grasp. 'My dear Poole. I really apologise; I merely wished to ask a question. Am L' said he, making a step so as to command the in terior of the cuddy and obtain a clear view of the quarterdeck, ' to return to my bed, or do you wish me to accompany you to the captain's cabin ?' 'There's the captain himself.' exclaimed Mr. Poole, and as ho spoke the little figure of Benson howled from the head of the poop ladder, 'Where;6 the oflicer of the watch? Who's that man in white down there? How is it there's nobody in charge?' The unfortunate young mate mounted the steps ; he was followed by Mr. Shannon, from whom, as though he had been a spectre, Cap tain Benson shrank, staggering off in a clumsy recoiL Poole instantly began — ' It's Mr. Shannon, sir. We found him on the flying jibboom end, sir. He was singing out in a doleful, frightful voice, and I rushed forward, getting no answer from the men, thinking there was a boat or raft, or something of that sort, under the bows.' It was too dark to see the captain's face, but the expression of it was figurable from the noise he made in breathing. Then he fell to sputtering — ' The snip was placed in your charge, sir. You had no right to leave this deck, sir. Out on the flying jibboom end ? Mr. Shannon d'ye say?' With a loud suspicious sniff he approached the gentleman, who exclaimed pleasantly, ' It's all right now, captain. Hope I haven't brought the second officer into a difficulty. It's through no fault of his that I was out at the end of your long spar yonder. I walk in my sleep. Ever carried passengers before who walk in their sleep ? Must have heard of course of that dreadful disease called somnambulism 2 Is it a disease? A. distemper then. A dis tempered brain will make a man walk when his intellect is wrapped up in slumber. I might have gone overboard.' Here the whole whitefigureof him shook with a well-acted shudder. The little skipper followed him with panting impatience, mad to get in a word. The other falling silent he whipped in — ' You mean me to believe that you found your way from your bed to the jibboom end with your eyes shut f ' With my eyes open,' exclaimed Shannon lightly. 'The sleep-walker seems to stare with straining eyeballs, but sees not.' ' Fetch the doctor, sir,' said the captain to Mr. Poole. The second mate rushed down the ladder. 'Why disturb the doctor, captain?' skid Mr. Shannon, walking to the foremast sky light and sending a hawk's glance down. The captain now perceived that the gentle man's feet were naked, as he had before ob served that his head was uncovered, and that in short the man was costumed for the bunk. 'What's the good of rousing up the doctor f continued Air. Shannon, returning close to the skipper, who stoutly held his ground, ''Don't you believe me? What on earth do you think should carry me to your flying jibboom end as you call it in my bed clothes, to risk my life, if it wasn't this trick I've had ever since I was a child? I had nearly let go when I opened my eyes and looked down and saw the barque's cutwater spitting fire into the sliding black water half a thousand feet off as it seemed.' The skipper fell back a step. Was the man insane ? He was in a lonely part of the deck with him — a little man, and t'other had a chest like a table — and in silence he pricked his ears for the retufn of the mate and the arrival of the surgeon. 'You've got a sleepy-headed crew,' Mr. Shannon went on. ' Why didn't they stop me froni climbing out on tbat spar ? What in flames is the good of such a lookout as is kept aboard this 'Queen?' The ship's not over insured, I hope ? I don't know now the rest of them below will relish my yarn.' He is mad, thought Captain Benson. But he was in a terrible rage too. He went to the rail to blow, holding the other, however, in the corner of ? his eye. Two figures at this instant came out of the cuddy door. ' Come up, come up, sir !' the skipper shouted. The zealous but unlucky Poole sprang up the ladder. The doctor's step had the leisureliness of uncertainty. ' Here's this gentleman says he's walked in his sleep out of Sis bunk on to the flying jib boom end, where he fell to howling, causing the second officer to commit a grave breach of duty by quitting his charge to see what the matter was on the fok'sle instead of calling me. Now, sir ?' The captain volleyed these words at the doctor, who answered quietly, ' A case of sleep-walking, eh !' Who is it ? Mr. Shannon ? Sir, you have had a narrow escape of your life.' 'But are we to believe it, sir?' gasped Captain Benson. ' I would advise you not to exasperate me with these needless affronts,' said Shannon sternly, aud his white figure looked firm in the dusk. ' This is the second time you have given me the lie.' ' My arms chest has been plundered,' bawled the skipper. 'Things are wrong in this ship. What are you doing in the middle watch at the jibboom end howling ? How did he howl, sir ?' he cried, rounding on Mr. Poole. ' Most shockingly and infernally, sir.' 'Just explaiu, doctor, that I am a somnam bulist, will ye ? Have you any book on the subject? But of your own experience, no doubt, you'll have plenty of tales to entertain and convince the captain with.' Contriving every attitude of sulky contempt his figure could convey by that light, Shannon lounged to the companion way and sank, all white like a ghost, through the hatch. Ghost-like still he slided through the cuddy. All was quiet save the quiet complainings of the ship. Captain Trollope had been mistaken in supposing that the doctor would be in and out all night with Miss Holroyd ; the young lady had been sleeping soundly for an hour past, and Mrs. Holrova was in bed in the bunk atop, asleep too. Nevertheless Mr. Shannon shot a look at the Holroyds' berth as he passed ; they slept two doors abaft Miss Mansell ; between lay Mr. and Mrs. Storr ; and'forward by a door was the cabin shared by Mr. Peter Johnson and Mr. Paul Haukey. Mr. Shannon slided on noiseless naked feet, and coming under the foremast skylight he stopped to catch what the captain and the doctor were saying. He heard the doctor tell the captain that there could be no doubt Mr., Shannon had walked in his sleep — surely no mere love of fooling would take a man out of bis bunk in his bedclothes and set him a cock horsing the end of that dim projecting spar ; it was a mercy when he awoke that he hadn't fallen. Mr. Shannon heard the grumble of suspicion in the captain's answer ; they moved from the skylight and their words grew inaudible, on which Mr. Shannon lightly knocked on Davenire's door and passed in. This had been Burns' berth. Mark Davenire sat upright in the only bunk it contained ; his huge legs clothed in dra%vers hung over the edge of the shallow board that held the mat tress, and his great figure seemed to fill the place. By the dim light of a lamp swaying at a bracket the two men saw each other. Davenire's eyes had an extraordinary bright ness. They shone like fire in his pale face. Sunlight would have submitted him white as milk. His large heavily-framed form was trembling, and as Shannon entered the big pale fellow put down a flask. 'Give me that if there's :i drop in it,' whispered Shannon. 'Take it,' said Davenire, pointing to his side ; he would not extend liis arm ; he did not want Shannon to see how his hand shook. The other picked up a flask aud sucked down a raw mouthful. ' I've done my bit,' said he ; ' I got them air forward. How was it with you?' ' Oh, my God !': muttered Davenire. ' Do you mean ? ?' ' No. no. That secret's our own still. I've been listening to her calling to me through there.' Shannon shuddered and said in a defiant sort of way, as though seeking for spirit in demeanor, ' ' Was it quietly managed ?' 'Caldwell's a bloody monster!' was the answer. ' ' Whatever he takes in hand in this way is bound to be quietly managed.' Shannon drew close to the bunk, and speaking with his lips at Davenire's ear said, 'There must be no delay now. If Trollojie won't consent the rest must rise and do it. Murders been brought into the business — we'd hope'd agaiu-st that, you know ? ' ' A poor girl !' groaned Davenire, trembling and talking as though his other ear was strained at the open port. ' If \ve should be clapped under, ' continued Shannon, 'we're hanged men.' 'To- morrow uight,' said Davenire. 'Or this night's that's to come,' he added, looking towards a largo silver watch that dangled at the extremity of his great silver chain by the side of the lamp. ' Sneak off now and turn in.' Without another syllable Shannon slipped spectre-like from Davenire's berth and gained his own. Chapter XL— Missing. The grey dawn found Captain Benson asleep in his cot, and Mr. Matthews, the chief officer, in charge of the barque. The circle of the sea ran with a searching sweep black as ink against that lifting melancholy .light of heaven, but in a few minutes the sun sprang clear, and a man aloft in the maintopmast crosstrees, sheltering his sight whilst he gripped a shroud, plunged his gaze far astern, and nail ing the deck sung out, ' Sail ho !' Something, perhaps, that had been passed in the night, or standing north or south athwart the barque's wake, invisible from the deck as the dome of St. Paul's, so that the mate after a careless look saw to the first business of the day on board ships — washing down the decks. The pleasant air that had steaded the sails of the Queen throughout the dark hours was still iu motion ; the sea was a marvellous calm breast of water, sparkling from the flash of the sun into a vast restful surface of light silver blue ; not a fowl of the deep hovered ; no fish sprang, nothing showed under the quarters or in the wake or alongside the beau tiful little fabric clad in the brilliance of the early morn. She was overhung with studding sails and swam with a white sheen as of ice trembling off the edees of her cloths till the height of mast from royal yard to truck seemed to undulate eel-Jike in the liquid splendor. The first of the passengers to make his ap pearance was Mr. Storr. It was still very early. The little man went up to the mate, and after some talk about the wind and the rate of pro gress and the fine weather he said he had passed a broken night. ' Too hot, perhaps,' says the mate. 'Bad dreams,' answered Mr. Storr, 'and what's stranger thin that is my wife was troubled with nightmares also.' ' How is Miss Holroyd, have you heard, sir, ' enquired the mate. ' I don't know. If her cabin had been next mine, then supposing she'd been restless, talked deliriously, aud so forth, I might be able to account for our having been disturbed with ugly sleeping fancies. But one cannot near through two or three bulkheads.' ' No, sir,' answered the mate. 'I can't help thinking,' continued Mr. Storr, ' that something must have happened in the night to account for my wife's and my own restlessness and dreams.' ' It's odd that ye should both have dreamt.' The little man drew a step closer to the mate, and after a swift glance round the deck exclaimed with a degree of earnestness that rose almost to agitation — 'Mr. Matthews, I don't mind telling you there is something in the looks of several of the ten gentlemen which is making my wife and me very uneasy. The robbery of the arms chest was very extra ordinary. If a practical joke — purposeless; if the design of the thieves is a menacing one, where are the arms ? And who are the men that did it? And what object have they in view?' 'There's nothing to be done, au, but to keep our weather eye lifting,' ansuered the mate in a low cautious voice. 'Then you are suspicious yourself!1 The prudent mate responded witl a grave smile. 'Where could they have hidden ths goods?' exclaimed the auctioneer. '' Heavy muskets and great cavalry pistols aren't eatily con cealed. Both mv wife and I have paiticularly observed the people at your end at table and on deck. They dress mainly in light airy clothes, and we cannot discover that they are armed.' ' Good mercy !' cried the mate witi a start, 'I should hope they're not, sir.' ' Can't Captain Benson do anything?' 'What would you suggest?' enqiired the mate demurely. This puzzled Mr. Storr. After a short silence— ' I quite understand,' said ne, 'the delicate position the captain is placedin. He couldn't batten them down on mere stspicion. They'd claim heavy damages on thj ship's arrival and ruin the old gentleman and per haps his employers. And yet I fea: they'll make it an uncomfortable passage for us. Never to bo able to go to bed without ? ' Here turning his head ho saw Captain Trol lope passing in his lounging walk from the companion to the rail. 'Ay,' said he, raising his voice, 'a grand morning indeed. But we shall need more wind, Mr. M&tthews;, if we're to get round the Horn quickly.' At half-past eight that morning time chairs were empty at the cuddy table. T.ie little captain came out of his cabin look.ng un usually stern and the ash or grey of anxiety was mingled with the sea-red of his com plexion. He ran his eye down the line of gentlemen on either hand and missed the huge form of Mr. Mark Davenire. But Mr. Walter Shannon was in his place and nearly opposite him sat Mr. CaldweU, grim and sulky, glancing here and there occasionally with a slov black eye in which the light of day kindled no star. Mr. Matthews arrived trim and fresh from the hairbrush and wash-basin of his cabin and took his seat, receiving several nods from the gentlemen, to whom he gravely inclined his bead one by one. ' Where is Mr. Davenire ?' be said to Cap tain Trollope. ' Johnson tells me he's not well,'1 answered Trollope. ' He has not sent for me,' said ihe surgeon on the other side of the mate. Trollope began to eat as though the matter was of no consequence to him. 'I hope your daughter is better this morn ing, ma'am ?' says the captain to Mrs. Hol royd. 'Decidedly better, thank you. But the doctor has ordered her to keep her bed,' answered Mrs. Holroyd, 'till noon.' ' Did anyone hear an extraordinary wailing noise last night?' said Mr. Dent. ' My wife couldn't sleep for the heat, and when I un screwed the scuttle I heard a most amazing blood-curdling sound of crying out upon the sea.' The captain looked severely at vacancy through the rows of faces. ' ' Did you hear the noise ?' said Mrs. Storr to Mrs. Dent. ' No. Perhaps because my bunk is the lower one.' ' I wonder if it was that noise which made me dream so badly ?' said Mr. Storr. ' It must have been some sound in the cabin that set i/ic dreaming,' exclaimed his wife. 'What sort of sound?' enquired the cap tain. ' My nightmare connects it with a noise_ of scuffling,' answered Mrs. Storr. 'That im pression when I awoke was strong, and I asked William if he thought all was right in Mrs. Holroyd's cabin.' ' We couldn't have heard a noise through those bulkheads,' says the auctioneer, whip ping his nose round to look at the cabin doors behind him. 'I can't understand,' said Mrs. Peacock, 'what is the meaning of all this conversation about noises. Why should noises happen in this ship — unnatural noises I mean? Every thing is perfectly safe, I hope, Captain Ben son ?' The littieinan inclined his white head to her sideways in silence. 'Don't you think, Mr. Dent,' said Mr. Burn very polite, but very oozy in his voice this morning, 'that the mysterious sound you heardlastnight was the voiceof a great bird flying south ? I remember one calm midnight at sea hearing a brain-chilling [sound right over our mastheads. What do you think it was? About four milesof petrels making northwards, and talking all the wicked scandal of the place they were fresh from.' ' I was the big bird of last night, Mr. Dent, ' called out Shannon with a grin that ran his globular eyes into the shape ofalmonds. Matthews' cheeks in spite of himself broadened at this facial stroke. ' I didn't quite catch,' exclaimed Mr. Dent, looking with astonishment at Mr. Shannon. 'Why,' said Shannon, with an askew gaze at the skipper, whilst he let his face come back to its natural marks, ' they tell me that I walk in my sleep, and was found howling lik« a wolf at the end of the flying jibboom.' He lay back in his chair and laughed under his waist coat, but no sound escaped him. ' A sleep- waiter '.' cried Mrs. Peacock, with rounded eyes of sincere horror. 'Captain, I would rather die than live in a house with one.' 'You have nothing to fear, ma'am, from Mr. Shannon's sleep-walking,' said the cap tain, frowning at that gentleman as he said it. ' No, but I say, though, are you joking, Shannon,' called out Weston. ' I woke and found myself perched on high, overhanging the sea,' said Shannon. ' It was night and the stars shone brightly. I saw a little crowd of pale faces at the fok'sle rail and I thought them spirits. .-.The sight of them frightened me more than the discovery of the dangerous situation sleep had placed me in. I managed to slide in all right and en countered a group cf insolent sailors who, in stead of sympathising with me, cut a dozen scurvy fok'sle jokes at my expense. Had they kept watch,' said he, with emphasis, looking severely at the captain, ' as seamen on the ocean ought to keep watch, they would have seen me coming along the deck and saved me from imperilling my precious life.' The old skipper bit his food with a wooden face. The few ladies who were at the table viewed Mr. Shannon with every token of fear. ' I hope sleep- walking is no regular prac tice of yours, Shannon,''' said Captain Trol lope, a little distantly, as though an argument had earlier led to a slight quarrel. ' I may not walk again for years,' was the answer. ' The doctor knows how these things chance better than I.' The doctor said he had heard of persons who walked regularly every night for six months. They were watched but not awakened. He had not, he said, much ex perience, and his information, therefore, was to be regarded as hearsay. ' He might set fire to the ship !' said Mrs. Peacock in a hollow voice to the captain. (To be continued.) 