- The annual meeting of the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society, Limited, was held in Melbourne on Friday. The report of the directors and the statement of accounts for the year ended October 31 'last stated that, notwithstanding the depression which characterised the period under review, the new assurance business of the society, actually completed amounted to .£359,465. The income amounted to £215,170, of which £156,165 represents premiums paid and£57,728 interest on investments. Atter pay ing all claims and expenses, .£84,201 was added to the accumulated fund, which now amounted to £1,190,547. A conference of representatives of the Fruitgrowers' Association of the colony, convened by the Victorian Minister of Agriculture, to consider the question of finding markets * abroad for dried and green fruits, freight, paoking, &o.;, wad. held in Melbourne on Friday. The confer ence passed a resolution that fruitgrowers - should be at liberty, under the supervision of the Agricultural Department, to contri bute as much fruit as they desire for shipment to foreign markets, the freight on the same to bo prepaid by the depart ment out of the amount set apart for assisting the fruit industry, and to be re couped from the proceeds of the sale of fruit in London. In the event of the proceeds not being sufficient to do this the loss to4 be borne by the department. It also resolved to ask the Government to appoint a general agent in London to superintend the importation of Victorian fruit into London. The delegates were unanimous in condemning the high ocean freight charges. The Earl of Kintore, in an interview published in the West Australian news paper at Perth (W.A.), says that he very highly appreciates the great kindness shown by everyone to him. The Govern ment had left nothing undone to make his visit agreeable, and had abundantly suc ceeded, the only drawback being the abso lute isolation from the rest of the world at an important time, due to the complete breakdown of telegraphic communication. He knew interruptions on both lines had been somewhat unusual, but it was an un fortunate coincidence which they must all hope would not occur again. In the communication between West Australia and South Australia, he has reason to believe, it is recognised that additions must be made to the carrying capacity of the wires. No doubt anv nrcmrmals to this end which are made to South Australia by the Government of this colony will be given the consideration which they deserve. Lord Kintore speaks highly of the Aus tralian colonies as offering abundant opportunities to young men to make pros .perous and happy homes. He expressed a high opinion of the colony, and his desire to revisit it. He also said that 'he hoped that an opportunity might be afforded him of returning to the country where he had met with such uniform kindness as he had received in Australia. Donald Stewart, alias James, a criminal with, a ' record ' for housebreaHng, is over-fond of letter-writing, though he writes a wretched hand, spells worse than he writes, and must stumble through with great difficulty (says the Aegtts). After serving1 two years and eighteen months', concurrent imprisonment for housebreak ing, he was discharged from Pentridge (in Melbourne) on August 24, 1894. He went subsequently to Shepparton, ands- was arrested there for storebreaMng. He is now awaiting trial on that charge Upon his arrest a letter was found in - his pocket addressed to ' F. Geary, care of Mrs. Geary, 5 Gray-street, Glenf errie.' The local constable had the wit to carefully examine the letter, and upon learning its contents to forward it to the detective office, Melbourne. Detec tive M'Manamy was given charge of the document, which read thus : ' WelL Fred, — I suppose you thought that I am a — — nice bloke after making a promise. Ask your mother whether I tried to write to you in alum water and with a pin. I could not get anything else but ordinary writing-paper, and it showed too plain when you held the paper one way. I mean to be staunch to you, old fellow, ; and am writing this note in case I get ! ' nicked' before I reach town again. I am ] doing my ? to get a kit of j tools together to crack a crib with, j ... I had one kit in town, but I I had to leave them sudden, that sudden j that I had to sell my swag. . ... I tried to 'do ' the Albert Park Station, but i the bloke who had to call me called me at 4 a.nu, and I was stumped at the time. . . . There wai a Yale latchkey on the door, so I set to work on it with a brace and half -inch bit. I got disturbed, so I smoked and came back again and got into the telegraph porch. Fred, old boy, I am going to get your clothes or get a ' lag ging.' . . . With best wishes if any thing happens.' ♦ To Detective M'Manamy the prisoner admitted having written the letter, and added that it was quite correct in detail. Having obtained evidence that the writing in the letter was similar to the prisoner's handwriting, and that a robbery was attempted at the Albert Park Telegraph Office on September 5, 1894, in the manner described, Detective M'Manamy has entered a charge against him. For some years past children who live on the New South Wales side of the Murray have been attending the Wahgunyah Public School. There are several reasons assigned for their doing so — some say it is on account of getting free education, whilst others affirm that the children re ceive a better education there than at Corowa. On Monday morning, however, the headmaster, Mr. J. C. M'Phee, refused to admit them, stating that he was acting under instructions from his department, and that there was no accommodation for them. The opinion which we have so frequently expressed as to the existence of leprosy among the blacks of the Alligator Eiver district (says the Northern Territory Times of December 31) has at last been verified beyond the ghost of a doubt. An aboriginal native of that district who came into Palmerston on Saturday last at the suggestion of Mr. P. Cahill (who was buffalo hunting for a couple of years at the Alligators) has been examined by Dr. O'Flaherty and found, to be suffering from true leprosy. Mr. Cahill had a shrewd suspicion that the man was a leper, and by a little judicious deceit managed to entice him to come here to be ' cured ' by the doctor. After the medical officer had satisfied himself as to the nature of the disease the native was conveyed across to the leper camp, to break the monotony and lonesomenessof the solitary Chinaman's existence here. It is now common gossip that when the Government Eesidentfs party was at the Alligator Eiver recently, Mr. Cahill pointed out several natives who bore outward and visible signs of leprosy more or less advanced in its terrible progress, and it is expected that the Resident's next report will con tain references to the matter. It is the belief of Mr. Cabin and others well acquainted with the blacks of the Alliga tor district that a. hundred at least could be found suffering' from leprosy developed to such an extent that there could be no mistaking it — in some cases more pro nounced than the poor wretch who has just been transported to the leper camp. 