HARRY BLOOPELD; OK. The Adventures of an Earl? Australian Squatter- CHAPTER XXV. TEE GOVERNOR'S BALL. BF ANGUS M'LEAN". The mach-talked of ball at length arrived, et which Her Majesty's new representative in Victoria entertained the elite of the colony. Much specula tion had been indulged in of iate Melbourne as to the impression which the newly-arrived Governor wooid make on the pablic. His popularity colony, it ras known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his predecessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were made in the shape purchasing dresses, especially by the fairer portions of the community, for the grand occasion. I arrived modern tely early at Government House. The ball room was fitted ont for the occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried ont with taste and completeness. The ladies were dressed in a gorgecua and expensive style ; but I was not a little proud to observe that the lovely Miss Graem excelled them all in beanty and brilliancy. The notice she atteacfced before she had longanived. was manifested among the group gentleman aronnd mo. " Who is she " said one. " My eyes, what a stunner!" claimed another. " What a glorious creature. Does anyone know her name 1" asked a third " Ask Bloooifield there," remarked one of my acquaintances ; and an eager crowd at once gathered aronnd me, pressing me for the wished for informs tion. E answered with assumed difference— " All I know about the lady is that her name is Miss Graem, and that she is Sydney native." " By jingo," said one, " I often heard of the beautiful Sydney natives, but never until this moment had such proof.' " Bloomfield is a lucky dog to be ac qa&inted; with such a beauty," whispered another. Hamilton came near at this moment, when I stepped to one side with him. His first observation was— " Dosen't Winnie look well to-night, Bloomfield ?"' " She looks charming, Hamilton. All the gentlemen present are struck with her beauty, so yea mast look sharp after your prize." " I think that yon ought to assist me in the defence of the fair citadel, Blooufield. and monopolise ber company when I am not near, for I would tire her by pressing my company too much; and besides, yon are getting an immense favourite with her." " Poor Hamilton," I thought, " you are not so deep in love matters as you are in legal: otherwise yon would not rely so much on your friend's assistance. I felt for a moment a strong conviction that I was not dealing honestly with my friend. But, alas! the conscientious scrapie soon vanished when I found myself engaged with Winnie in the mazes of the exciting dance. Oh ! the delirium of those delicious moments as ire whirled round the biilliantly-lighted hall. The consciousness that I was loved in return by the acknowledged belle of the ball, whose dazzling loveliness attracted so much attention, was sufficient to break down the bsrrierof reserve which I had constructed for the sake of my friend Hamilton. I shall leave my case in the hands of a juiy of bachelors, who may have found themselves whirling in the dance ander circumstances similar to my own. I could not help acknowledging my love. Several times the image of Edith Mowbray appeared to my mind's eye ; but remembering how cruelly she had deserted mc, pride each time came to my relief. " Ah !" I thought, "would she were here now to see the charming creature that leans an my arm, and return] the affections which she has spumed. Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caught a glimpse of the deep-blue eyes which had kindled my boyish love, and the same graceful figure in the person of a lady who whirled with her partner near as ; bat J was too full of my own thoughts to take •loch notice of the resemblance. I remember pausing for a few seconds to rest, and also to give my partner a better opportunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon tny shoulder, while the other was detained by me. Thus we stood back out of the course of the dancers. I bent my face close to her ear saying— - "Ishall be very proud, Winnie, of engaging the greatest beauty here this evening if she will only say the little word that my heart is yearning to hear." She blushed and bee t down her ayes, _ as if shunning the gaze ofsomeone behind, in which direction hoe eyes were tamed, without replying to my qaestion. " What do yon say then, lovely one ? Am I then mistaken in your affection ? For pity sake, relieve me out of my misery." A gentle pressure of both her hands interrupted the protestation, and sbe whispered— " The lady behind will overhear yon. She is casting suspicions looks towards us.*' I changed my position a little, in order to face the lady and gentleman who I knew were standing like ourselvea oat of the dance to rest, when my eyes encountered the same orbs which had flashed opon me several times in the waltz. Was I dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me ? I was transfixed-—unable to more or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who, bet for her partners assistance, would have fallen. Her cheeks became, very pale.and she appeared as if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while I stood where I had first seen her in a most perfect state of bewilderment. . Winnie gazed at me in niter astonishment. and her words, " Come into tin air," brought me to my senses. i b " Willingly," I replied, conducting her mechanically through the throng of loungers. " Do you know who that lady is she enquired, eagerly. " I think I do; bat I am not certain," replied, evasively. "I noticed her several times watching us during the waltz. But what a lovely woman she is, far handsomer than poor me, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. " She iB not handsomer, >Yinnie ; of that I «m positive; but here comes your : cousin, and he will find out who she is. 1 ' When the question was put to Hamilton, he exclaimed— " Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection of the Governor by marriage. Why everyone is crazy about her beauty. I heard a lot of fellows arguing whether she or a certain other lady I know is the handsomer, and opinion seemed to te divided. But I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor: Why, what is the matter with you, Bloomfield J You look as if you had seen a ghost." (To be Continued). 