THE CASE OF THE LONDON. In publishing the full evidence in the r s „ , case ot the tw0 applications ror leases betore M r - Warden JMnnerty on F riday and Saturday last, we did so with the .. . , ' ' object of affording our readers ah opportum t y to judge of the working of the » iew survey regulations, that came into force on the o f M arc , l T V I J t w,U be . remembered that the London discovery WftS mad e o , n , February 8th, and on March 6th the fi s^veyor started to aurv e y tke area of the application, which was for two 1 2 " acre blocks Tbe su \- , . , r " T , e y° - r ,, was „ actin S without ™ instructions ... . , irom the survey otlicc—a rather nsliy f though common practice amongst surveyors—and he found it impossible to J holders on satisry tne Qemanas or tne noiaers, on ^couut of one wanting the survey to be made from tbe datum lpeg, 3e g> and the h other wishingit to begin at a point on the London CoLl, 4 / f c . W leaSt5S would be adjoining, and the holders could have one complete area. Tli e confusion arose over the fact that te prospectors, in marking off their I' , y , . • ground, had taken in within their pegs over si* «- cre s more than they had applied for. The surveyor notified them of this, and explained to the prospectors that under the Act they could amend their application to include the whole of ™ other prospector, acting m ignorance ot the new regulations as explained by the the surveyor, had already started to put his pegs around the excels area, as he i ar • • was entitled to do under the ojaregulations, when he was stopped by the surveyor, who also explained to him the tenor of the new regulations. Mr. v ^ & Uhr, after consulting the Act, gave up all hopes of getting any ot the ground until the excess area was refused distinctly by the applicants present, Messrs. Davis and Rees. Finding^, as lie thought, no amendment tortneommg, Mr. Uhr finished the pegging of the ground on the 7th of March, and made fnr tfio nrpn to thp Registrar application^tor the^area to the Registrar at Coolgardie. 1 he London applicants, by this time thoroughly arouted and agreed, made an amended application for the whole of the 81,a within March, and their the pegs two applications _ the ytn were oi determined on Saturday, when the Warden held that all reasonable haste had been madem lodging the amended application of the applicants for the London, and recommended to the Minister' that the Londou apphcationbe granted, and that of Mr. Uhr refused. So far so good. Those who are fond of poetical Justice will no doubt be gratified at the result of th® hearing, in that the pro- aop„ r «1 nun. sectors of the find have secured, orare almost certain to secure, the area which they pegged. We have referred at length in our leading columns te this case, , on purpose \- - , to •• disabuse the . minds __ of many people with respect to the«e survey regulations. It has been thought by them that the decision m the c^e win ovemde sub-sect.on 8 of section 60 of the Goldfields Regulations. Ihat ctlo n Provides that m all rectangular area* " the length sliaH not exce^ twice the breadth." In the case of tbe London •>..,• i „ nni. f?^!?™ lease being 10 chains wide and not quite 20 chains long. It has been pointed out to us, however, by two or three ^ ^ J S S * * prevent an applicant from pegging off five aeres, namely, five chains wide and ten chains long, and after lodging an application, -X L to afterwards - amend it to n , • „ i „ i- zo 25 acres, gciung getting ou oO ens chains along a line f ot reet by live chains wrj(Jg < Let US point out, in return to our correspon- dents, thpt thjit there is just y one thing in 8 the Warden. Ihat lynx-eyed^ official is thoroughly au fart with mining law, and he knows that the new survey rp„ n1at ;„ n „ w:n no niorp render eubregulations wHl no more renaer 8UO ection 8 of section 60 alt) a-wres than will the ghost of Ca?sar rehabilitate . Rome. The man who thinks he is going of f - a " ck - R ^ H ^ tangular-shaped block of ground a mineral area with a length of ten times its width is in for a bad quarter of an hour with Mr. Finnerty, especially if his liver is out of order. Where amended applications are made, it can be safely left to the Warden to properly \- - - - interpret the Act, and avoid any clash- . K , '. _ . . mg oi tne regulations m tne juagmenra which he will make. 