ON THE WHEEL (Br "Mercury.") The Victorian hnndicappers (n6ne of whom, by the way, thought it worth while to be present at the Sydney Carnival) have imposed penalties on various riders in the Austral. Muadhara is back 40yds (now 140yds), M'Innis 20yds (now 100yds), ' Payne 15yds (now 125yds), J. M'Innis 10yds (now 100yds). Following are tho full ponalties : — Austral Wheel Race. — G. Meodbam, 40yds ; A. H. Clinton, 30yds ; A. 0. Middle- ton, 30yds ; P. G. Iredalo, 30yds ; N. Matter- son, 20yds ; E. H. C. Perrymnn, 20yds ; J. A. M'Innis, 20yds ; E. Payne, 15yds ; Q. Peart, 10yds; J. R. Allison, 10yds; M. J. M'Loan, 10yds ; J. M'Innis, N.S.W., 10yds. M.B.C. Plate. — Georgo Moadham, 30yds ; P: C. Irodalo, 25yds; A. H. Clinton, 20yds; A. C. Middleton, 20yds ; H. Hourigan, 15yds ; N. Mattorson 15yds ; E. Payne, 10yds ; J. R. Allison, 10yds ; J. M'Innis, 5yds ; M. J. M'Lean, 5yds ; G. Poart, 5yds. Victoria Mile.— G. Moadham, 20yds ; A. H.Clinton, 15yds; P. G. Irodalo, 15yds ;,E. Payne, 10yds ; H. Hourigan, 10yds ; N. Matterson," 10yds ; E. H. C. Perrymnn, 10yds ; J. A. M'Innis, 10yds ; M. J. M'Loan; 5yds ; J, R. Allison, 5yd8 ; J. M'Innis, 5ydB. Flytng Stakes. — J. M'Innis, 5yds ; E. Payne, 5yds; H. Hourigan, 5yds; J. R. Allison, 5yds. Second and Third Class. — A. C. Middlo- ton, 15yds ; A. H. Clinton, 10yds ; N.- Matterson, 5yds; G. Peart, 5yds ; J. R. Allison, 5yds. Tho Newcastle meeting arranged for December 7, at which Zimmerman takes part, is to be held on the 14th, tho Cham pion having signified his intention of being present. The open handicap, one mile, is to be a three miles scratch race paced, nnd the International tnilo will be a half-mile instead. Sydney riders are to be entered free. The greatest Carnival ever hold in Aus tralia is over, and generally speaking everyone may be congratulated upon the phenomenal buccbss. There was good racing — at times brilliant and exciting — bub had it not been for a run of bod luck in the way. of sickness and lack of condi tion atnong the ridors the record on that score would have been much more remark able. Zimmerman's indisposition was most un fortunate. Megson's want of condition was bad enough, and robbed tho meeting of a groat deal of charm, but time may remedy that defect. The continued illness of the Champion, however, and the climax . at the eleventh hour was the only serious drawback. Those who indulge iu betting —and some laid the odds freely on him in the championship — nre very Bore, being touched on tho sorest part — tho pocket ; and thore are those who do not heBitato to insinuate all sorts of things against Zimmy and the League. I don't sympathise muoh with thoso who complain from a betting point of view. Wliilo the League doea not countenance speculation, and while there is nothing more certain that if once it becomes general betting will kill the sport, it has to bo admitted that it will always go on more or less. What has to he considered is the posi tion of the public generally, for they find the sinews of war, and, apart from betting, it is the League's duty, as it is their life, to do all that they possibly can to keop the pastime free from objectionable elements, and to protect their patrons and onablo them to see tho racing to the very best possiblo advantago. Curtain critics think it would havo been better had Zimniy, in his state of hoaltli, not gone on tho track at all. I don't agree with that. Tho publio went thero in numbers to see him, and when the Loaguo made tho serious mis take of not announcing oarlior that ho was not fit to do himself justico, and only ap peared to keop faith with the public, he did tho right tiling, oven though contrary to medical directions. Tho public tako quoor humors, and without libelling a New Soulh Wales crowd more than any otlior, thero was . reason in the fear that- the trustees of the ground had, that if when tho raco started .Zimmy was absent, the disappointed ones would " tako on " about it. The actual result was that, while those who bet and lost wero annoyed, the majority, nono knowing for certain the roal state of affairs, belioved that the pace was too warm for Zimmerman, as it proved for nearly all the others, and rejoiced in an Australian victory. In gi ving my anticipations last week I made special reference to the difficulties which prcsonted themselves in dealing with tho Championship. As I wrote, while I did not know of tho acute stage to which Ziramy's illness had reached, I knew that he was not. at his best, and was qui to prepared to see him beaton by the pace. The marvel to mo was that an atlilolo in the bad state which Zimmerman appeared to tho experienced eyo was able to race as he had shown us. At tho same time, on tho Adelaide form it was plain that ho only wanted to bo a little better hero than there to beat Parsons. Then thero wore Mcgson nnd Lewis, whoso condition was a bit doubt ful, and the awkwardness of coming to a decision is apparent. As a matter of fact, I placed the finish several ways, leaving Zimmormnn out of it, but was not satisfied, and finally put thorn : Zimmerman 1, Meg- Bon 2, Parsons 3, Lewis 4. Parsons won, but only by his condition. I had hard luck with my Leaguo Cup selections. I fully expected Wootten to win, and placed him first, with M'Combo or Matthews second. The fall pub IVootten out of it when going well, and interfered with M'Combo's chance, whilo Matthews, a likely winnor of tho Austral, did nob start. Two of my selections, Meadlmm ' and Harris, got into tho first heat ; Gowons I picked in tho second (Wootten would havo been in it too only for breaking his machine oarlior in the day) ; two of my four, Graotno and Neilson finished in the places in the third heat; and in the fourth I selected three out of four — Elliott, Payne, and Staplcton. I relied on the scratch men for the final, and wont astray there. "Wally Kerr has yielded to the solicita tions and terms of the Union to go to Now Zealand and represent them at the Cham pion Mooting during Christmastime. The ex-champion is in protty good fottlo, and will train up to the dato of his departure at Rodfevn. Ho will race in tho half, ono mile, five, ten, and twenty-five miles cham pionships, and recognises that in Reynolds ho has to moeb a very warm member. Rodfern Club runs a two miles handicap on the oval at 6 o'clock this evening. The following are the handicaps A. E. Wear ing scratch, G. Lewis 15yda, E. C. Griffith 30, A. C. Larkin 80, E. A. Spior 90, W. Anlsobrook 110, J. J. Meagher 120, W. J. Bright 120, W. J. Pitty 140, J. D. Starkey 140, J. L. Frazer 200, H. Clark 250, J. P. Bftbilinski 300. It turns out that the exocutive of the Victorian League wonld not accept Harris' nomination for tho Austral and handicap events, so he will only run in the scratch events. League cyclists who intend to take part in the floral parade to-night in connection with the fete in aid of the Thirlmere Home can have their machines decorntod to-day at the Leaguo rooms. All must appear in rncing costume. Almost evory Sydney rider in the Austral has boon brought back but Elliott, who showed first-olas3 form in the heats of the Wheel Race and Metropolitan. In the fornior ho was just beaton by Meadham, and in tho second ho defeated Payne brilliantly on tho post. He should have been brought back before anyone, and the handicappers will look very foolish if he wins, as it ia fully expected he will. The Austral events to be run to-day are :— Victoria Mile (£27), heats for tho Austral (,£250), One Mile International Scratch (£14), Flying Stakes Half-mile OB"). I have nob yet set eyes upon tho lieats for the Austral. To pick the winner will be, perhaps, easier after tho first day's racing. Bub Elliott, young Middleton, and Matthews appear a dangerous trio all on good marks. Aftor maturo deliberation Sir Henry Irving has now, it is reported, definitely dooided against " Coriolanus ;" and " Julius Ciesar" will bo given in its Btoad when tho Lyoouin Company returns to work in London. " Julius Cmsar" is, of eonrse. a historical tragedy of mnoh widor seopo and moro vivid sympnthotia significance. Though unfamiliar on tho London stage, save through the performance somo years ago of tho Mciniugon players, it is cortain, as illustrated by Sir Honry Irving and Mr. Alma Tadoma, to afford a typical Lycoum Rucoess. Sir Henry will choose tho role of Brutns, and Miss Terry will appear in tho relatively small part of Brutus' wifo, Portia. In Cassius, Casoa, and Antony thore will be provided exceptional opportunities of distinc tion for other presont aud future members of tho company, sinco " Julius Ctesar " is no one- part or two-part piny, and is always supposed to havo boon avoided for that reason by notor- mauagors. What prioo George Rignold in London at the time?" Not the loast intorosting foatnro of tho Christmas illustrated doublo number of tho Sunday Times will bo tho collection of ghost stories, contributed by persons who have " soon something." 