Ml Welsh Princess; OR, AS GOLD IS TRIED. BY HEDLEY EICHAEDS, Author of "The Omerod Mystery," "The Dene Tragedy," ate., ete. :o:— — CHAPTER XX.— (Continued). For two or three days he lurked about the park without any success, and he was beginning to wonder if she had any suspicion that he was in the neigh- borhood, when one afternoon he saw a young lady and some children come along the drive. Hiding behind the trunk of a large tree, he contrived to peer round without being perceived. iAs they passed, with a flash of triumph he recognised Gwen, and overheard one of the children say.: "Miss Baynes, why do you never go out of the park now?" "Because it is better not," was the quiet reply. . So she was prudent, and in some way had evidently got an inkling that she was being watched. Well, he would be wary, and it would go hard if he did not succeed in outwitting this girl, whose cleverness in taking advantage of circumstances he admired. Satisfied now that he had found Gwen, he left the park and proceeded along the road in the direction of the village. Buried in thought, Price Hughes took little heed, and suddenly tripped over a large stone which lay on the path. Stretching out his hands, he just saved himself from going on his face; but the jerk displaced his spectacles, which fell to the ground, breaking one of the glasses, while at the same time his false beard slipped off. Picking these up hastily, he noticed a young lady advancing, and preferring to be seen without his false appen dages rather than be caught in the act of replacing them, he slipped them into bis pocket, and walked on with an un concerned. air. As he passed the stranger he noticed that she looked fixedly at him; but this he attributed to curiosity, totally unconscious that this was the real Hesther Baynes, and that she had at once recognised him as cne of the gentlemen who claimed the body of Gwendoline Ap Rhees after the accident. But it was so, and it was in a very perturbed state that Hesther reached home, and going to her own room, sat down to deliberate as to what had bet ter be done. One thing was certain—, she must warn Gwen, and, if necessary, they must tell Squire Melville all. Still, Hesther did not care to do that, as she had not formed a very high opinion of that gentleman, from what report said, though she did not doubt that he would protect Gwen until the matter could come before the proper authorities. But that meant scandal, and she knew that Miss Willoughby would be annoyed; so she would warn Gwen to keep near to the Hall, and be very cautious until the vicar came home and Gwen could claim his protection. But how was she to communicate with Gwen, for a letter Was risky? In a house with so many people in it it might fall into the wrong hands, or not be delivered untir it was/too late. No, a personal interview would be the best, and she would endeavor to call at the Hall the next afternoon. In the morning she usually drove with Miss Willoughby, but in the after noon, when that lady indulged in a nap, she was free to do as she chose. Indeed, she was urged to go out walk ing. Man proposes, God disposes, and. the same with woman, as Hesther found to her sorrow; for, on descending to the breakfast parlor the next morn ing, she found that Miss Willoughby had been seized with an attack of gout, and the gardener had been running all over the town to find Dr Lloyd, who was out. To Hesther' s unspeakable re lief the doctor soon appeared, and after seeing his patient, informed the latter that, although she would pull through all right, it might be a tedious case. "And you may make up your mind to bear some irritability, as I have no doubt the old lady will be bad-tem pered," he said as he shook hands with Hesther. " OIv I can stand that," she said, smiling, then inquired if he had heard from his friend, Mr Hughes, lately. "Not a word since he left here; and, to tell the truth, Miss Blair, I don't care if I never hear again. David has altered very much— so much that even for the sake of old times X do not feel inclined to continue the njiqiiaintunc" "You are certainly very opposite cha racters," she said gravely. "Yes, there is no sympathy between us now. Indeed, the only good l ean now detect in David is bis and love for his cousin's memory; though, unfortunately, that has taken the form of thinking that she haunts him." "Is it love and faithfulness? Don't you think that he has wronged her in some way, and it is that which makes him believe that her spirit haunts him?' "I don't know; it may be so. I con fess David is an enigma to me;" and with a handclasp they parted. "That is a dear, good girl," thought the doctor, as he crossed towards his own house. "I wonder what she would say if I asked her to change her and keep me company instead of thai; old lady;" and he smiled as he thought of Miss Willoughby' s wrath set her late companion's marriage. "Anyhow, I better off than the curate." Just then his meditations were inter- rupted by a man, who met him at his own door, and informed him that he was wanted at once at the baker's in Middle street; so Dr. Lloyd had to for get his love dream and hasten to re lieve pain. The next day again Hesther found that she would not be able to carry out her plan of visiting Gwen, as Miss "Wil loughby could not bear her out of her sight. She was always peculiar, but now her pain made her irritable and sel fish. Still, knowing she was suffering severely, Hesther forgave her bad tem per, and cheerfully did all she could to relieve the pain, hoping that the next day she would be able to go out. Meanwhile, the invalid kept asking for her nephew, and wondering why Keith' did not come to see her. At last, when two days had passed, she told Hesther to write and ask him to come, and the note was despatched by the coachman on horseback. But when he returned it was with the message that Sir Keith had gone away again, and that the butler did not know where he had gone. He had promised however, to give his master the letter as soon as he returned. Four days passed, then Miss Wil loughby was much better, and as the pain felt easier, she began to think of others. One of the first things she did was to send Hesther out for a long walk. Very wilingly Hesther obeyed, rejoic ing that she would now be able to warn Gwen, whom she felt sure was still safe at the Hall. If anything had gone wrong, she would have heard of it, as such things always did leak out. CHAPTER XXI.— SIR KEITH HAS HIS HOPES RAISED. Sir Keith Meysey was mystified. That the face sketched by his aunt's new companion was Gwen he never doubt ed; but he did not believe that Miss Blair had only had a passing glance at the original — the likeness was too correct. It was exactly like his lost love — only it was a sadder Gwen than he had known. He had waited in hopes of seeing Miss Blair again, but as she did not appear, he at length took leave of his aunt, hav ing learned all she could tell him about her companion. As he walked Slowly down the street to the inn where he had left his horse, he thought over Miss Blair's words — that it was after the col lision she had seen the original of her sketch. Now, this statement had startled him considerably, and it puzzled him as he mounted his horse and turned along the lane leading in the direction of Kaneborough, which was opposite to that of Sommerton, being six miles the other side of Donningford. As Sir Keith, had told his aunt, it was quite by- chance that he had seen any account of the accident, and then it was some time after it had happened. But the desire to know more of the fate of the girl whom he still loved as truly as ever had hastened his return, and the previous night he had arrived at the park. He had told his aunt that it was his intention to remain there, but he had not considered it necessary to inform her that before settling down he had some inquiries to make which would take him from home for a short time. From the moment he had read the ac count of the accident, and among those killed and disfigured beyond recognition the name of Gwendoline Ap Rhees, he had been puzzled. Further on he had. seen it stated that the unfortunate young lady had been an inmate of Dr. Holdsworth's private asylum, and had made her escape. Then the paper bad gone on to say that the body had. been identified by means of a locket she wore which was well known to her cousin Mr David Hughes i Now, all this was a riddle to Sir Keith, for he had a letter, which hs believed to be in Gwea's handwriting, stating that she had married her cons to - David If the report in the paper were true, then the lettter was either a for gery or she had been forced to Writs it. The -latter he scarcely believed; hffi dtd not tMoh anything would . have - madehis Gwen declare that she wag her cousin's wife unless she had xealtft . married David to satisfy her father off his death-bed. Bint as she was spokes i of by her maiden name, it was evident tbaisuchwas not the case. t Nor did he believe that, she was fe« Sana He knew from experience tMil . tc ..V" (Commenced Publication, Jus L) \- David Hughes waseapable ol attempt- ing murder, and thatsuch a man would not scruple to place his cousin In an asylum if by doing sobe could terrify her into marrying Mm. Full of these thoughts. Sir Keith had come home re solved to investigate matters, and bring the wrongdoers to justice, but now he felt nonplussed. If this young lady who lived with his aunt was to he believed, then Gwen had not perished in the accident; and the more he dwelt on the matter, the ttronger became his conviction that Miss Blair knew more than she would admit, but whether her reticence arose from collusion with David Hughes or what he could not tell. Several times It had occurred to him that Gwen had discovered his address, and on escaping from the asylum was fleeing to him for protection — else why her journey into Yorkshire ? Now as he rode homewards he felt doubly impatient to get to the root of the matter, and at the very thought of Gwen's existence his heart beat high with hope. On arriving at the Hall he called for a railway guide, and decided that he would catch the night express to London, which passed through Leeds early in the morning. So it happened that in good time the next morning he was breakfasting at his hotel in London. Later on he asked for a directory, and. having discovered where Dr. Holdsworths asylum was situated, he sent for a cab and told the man to "drive him there. It was a long ride, however, so that it was fully two o'clock when Sir Keith stopped the cab at the gate leading into the grounds which surrounded the doetor's private house. Telling the man to wait about, Keith- walked slowly up the drive, noticing that the house was attached to a large building, which he at once concluded was the asylum. When he was close to the house he saw a young lady come out of the door. She was dressed for walking, and as she approached he thought what an intelligent, attractive face hers was, without being pretty. As they met, something prompted him to stop, and, raising his hat, he inquired if this was Dr. Holdsworth's private residence. "Yes; but my father is out," she said, in a pleasant tone. So this was the doetor's daughter. Well, if the father was like her, Sir Keith felt that he should have more hope of fathoming the mystery. "Perhaps you can tell me at what hour I could see him. I have come a long way for the purpose." "You can see him this evening. If you like to arange an hour, he will arrange to be at liberty," she said quietly. "Thank you very much. If it is not troubling you too far, kindly give him this card, and say I will call at seven," he said, as he took out his card case and handed her his card. She bowed. "I will give your message, and I have no doubt you will find my father at liberty." "Thank you;" and again lifting Ms hat, Sir Keith Meysey turned towards the gate, while Marian Holdsworth went slowly back to the house, intend ing to put the card in her father s study. Happening to glance at it, a sudden exclamation escaped her. Keith Meysey was the name of Gwen's lover. She had said he was an artist; but the name was uncommon, and at the least they must be relations. She instantly re solved not to let this gentleman de part without knowing more about him. Bo turning round, she ran quickly down the path, as she saw the stranger was very near the gate, at the same time calling out his name. He heard her, and at once paused. Then as she came running towards him; he noticed that a deep color dyed her cheeks, and that her eyes sparkled with excitement. In her anxiety to get at the truth, she forgot all restraint, and faying her hand on his arm, she said : "Are you Gwen's lover, Keith Mey sey ?"' If a thunderbolt had fallen at his feet, -he could hardly have been more sur prised. He had come to make inquiries about Gwen, anticipating some little trouble in obtaining information, in stead of which he was at once chal lenged with being her lover. In a mo- men t, however, he recovered- his self- possession, and replied : "I am, and it is about her I came to inquire;" and he looked at the sweet, .womanly girl who regarded him so earnestly. "Then it is no use you seeing my father; but if you will walk along here with me," she said, indicating a path which led into a shrubbery, "I can tell you something about her. But first you must explain how it is that Gwen des cribed you as an artist, and I see a title on your card." Very briefly Sir Keith explained, as the question showed him that the girl at his side had really known Gwen. iWhen he concluded, she said : T am glad I happened to meet yon, and E will tell you all I know;" and she fold him about Gwen's sojourn in the asylum, and how she had become con vinced of her sanity, and helped her $o escape, .when she came to this part 6Ir Keith grasped her hand warm- \ can: never repay you for your klnd- . Siess to her," he exclaimed. "But, tell aie, do you think she perished in that Occident ?' t #'No; and my reason for doubting it tthat about the body of tfife girl, who is buried as Gwen 'Ap Rhees were found some portions of a black robe, Whereas she went away in a brown ti$ss of mine, and could have had a neither time nor opportunity to change it. in some way she managed to place .that locket in the dead guTs hand, and so secure her safety," said Marian Holdsworth. "I believe you are right," replied Sir Keith, thoughtfully. Then he told her about the face which his aunt's companion had sketched. "And you say she was in that acci dent. Then depend upon it she has be friended Gwen, and knows where she is. Her reluctance to tell you anything may arise from fear of bringing trouble to her friend." "If i thought she knew where Gwen is, I would return to Yorkshire to morrow," Sir Keith said quickly. "What do you think of doing ?" ask ed Miss Holdsworth. " I had resolved, after seeing your father, to go over to the Manor and make inquiries." r "I think that would be a good plan. It is quite possible that she may have taken refuge in the neighborhood of her old home until the vicar returns. But I implore you to be careful, Sir Keith; I believe that Mr Price Hughes would not stop at any villainy." "I will be very cautious. They are j a nice pair, this uncle and nephew, but they shall suffer for their conduct to Gwen, whether I find her alive or dead," he added, bitterly; "They deserve punishment. And now let me implore you, Sir Keith, not to misjudge my father. I believe he honest ly thought that Gwen was insane. You know they all protest they are quite right, and he only saw her now and then. Besides, to tell the truth, I don't think he is very skilful in his profes sion. He Is good and kind to his pa tients, but I fancy he is not quick at detecting the real malady. I believe he relies on the certificates which are sent with the patient; and when he learns that he has been deceived and made an accomplice in such a piece of villainy, I know it will be a real trouble to him." All this was said in a sad tone. "Miss Holdsworth, it would take much to make me believe that your father was anything but a good man." "Thank you," she said, very gravely. "Good-bye; I must go now. You will understand that every moment until I find Gwen is very precious," Sir Keith said, as he held out his hand. "Good-bye, and I wish you every suc cess. You will, I am sure, let me know the result ?" "Yes, and I shall always be your deb tor for your kindness to her. Good bye, Miss Holdsworth;" and with a warm clasp of the hand they parted. In a few moments the baronet was being driven rapidly towards the city, while Miss Holdsworth took the precau tion of locking his card in her desk, as it was now both unnecessary and un wise to "mention his visit to her father. Late the next afternoon Keith found himself at the old Manor House. The leaves had nearly all fallen from the trees, and the garden had a neglected look, whilst the old mansion appeared dreary and forsaken in the fast-waning daylight. As he approached the front door, he noticed that all the rooms were in darkness, and that not even the light of -a fire gleamed in the parlor where he had spent so many happy hours. Raising the knocker, he sent a loud1 peal through the house, and after a few minutes .a middle-aged woman ap peared at the door. He had expected to see old Hannah, or Winifred, and this stranger's appearance took him by sur prise. "Can I see Hannah ?" he asked, as the woman stood looking at him. "Hannah's gone. Mr David didn't care for her, and he sent Joshua off too; so they just made a match of it." "Where are they living now ?" in quired Keith. "Down along by the Moor. There's a lane as turns down by it. Perhaps you know it, sir?" "Yes, I know the lane. Is their house far down ?" "About a mile, sir. It's a little farm as Joshua took." "Thank you." Then just as he was leaving he paus ed, and asked if Winifred was still at the Manor. : ;- "Yes, sir; but she's gone home just now. Her mother was took bad, so I had to let her off. You see, sir, me and my husband takes charge here, and when Mr David is at the Manor I do for him; but he's not been lately, for he fancied he saw the young lady's ghost, and it upset him." " What young lady's ghost ?" inquir ed Keith, quickly. "Why, Miss Ap Rhees', to be sure. He was always thinking he saw her; but neither me or my husband have ever set eyes on her, so very like it's the brandy makes him fancy it. He drinks awful— not as I'm one for slight ing the spirits, as of course there are ghosts, as every one knows." "Yes;" and with a "Good evening" Keith turned away and walked quickly over the fields, and across the stile where he had first seen Gwen. Then he made his way along the road until he came to the Moor, where he turned down the lane that wound at one side, and proceeded rapidly on until he came to & small farmhouse. Keith walked up to the door, rapped with his stick, and presently it was opened by old Hannah. "Lord bless me, sir, so you've come at fast 1" was her greeting.' „ "Yes; and I want to talk to you May X come in ?" "Ay, ay, sir," said a man's voice from the interior and as Keith entered he saw, old JToshua seated near. Jo. the 