THE TAXATION INSTRUMENT. Both Mr. Reid and Mr. Carruthers elected to deal last nigbt with the incidence and effect of taxation. Tho Premier at North Sydney expounded LUtJ VttliUUS UiiUGUltlCb WiUUIl m the way of free-trade, and the chief difficulty vyhicli appeared to him was " tbe shadow of all the great financial institutions of the colony." Free- trade involved direct taxation, and immediately direct taxation was proposed, up rose this pretentious shadow, and poor free-trode cowered and shrank as - a child from some fearful' ghost. Yet is it not , a fact that a largo majority, of the heads of . great, financial institu tions here and in England have con sistently f avoredf fee-trade? Despite the direct taxation with which they are ' very .. freely blessed ih the bid world, are. . not, all the great commercial nnd financial chiefs of and witli the free-trade party? Is it from them that any national cry is expected to arise, or is it froin tho producers, the workers, the men who supply the substances tiiid perform the hard mechanical labor of the land ? The producers, that is, and the men. who live on theif daily wage. Who caused that temporary and costly check to progress in America? Was it the work of the millions of toilers or of : the wealthy, arid scheming few ? Mr.' Reii), of course, does not knov?. Mr. Reid's , philosophies are all self- evolved. -Mr. Reid lives chiefly in a world of his own imagining. The screw of/gnrnored and speculative wealth ia England and America has always been turned in favor of free-trade ; and if the men of wealth in New South WalbS to-day were polled, it would be found that a heavy majority would stand out still for the old fiscal policy. .Che workers of New South "Wales will yet come to understand that every turn of tlio protection screw tends to bring their means of living up a peg higher, to make more work, and bettor pay, and in the long event, by baulking the efforts of foreign rings through the creation of home supplies, to lower the price of every article protected. Would a swinging tax on articles manufactured of iron make the working man's lot harder ? Does the sugar duty, which afl'ords employment to 30,000 of, his' fellows, ait'ect him in any appreci able way ? Does that measure of protection which in New Zealand keeps a half-dozen thriving and pay ing woollen factorios busy render' the multitude unqble to clothe themselves adequately against the rigora of the climate ? , Tho million screws are when spriously approached just as imaginary as the great shadow, and the real Bcrew of protection whenever effec tively applied tends to crush out the dealer, the jobber, the indentor, tho multitudinous middleman, and all professional financiers with whom they are associated, and to help the worker to a higher wage, and- ultimately to a better, more wholesome and more abundant supply in all sorts. After Mr. Reid come3 Mr. Oar- butiiers, and with another spurious appeal to tbe same constituency. Mr. , Oarbutiiers cries shame on the policy that grinds the faces of, the poor and the distressed, the. policy which enact3 that the food they eat shall not reach their tables till it has paid its due to the tax- gatherer. And who will not join him in that cry of Bhame ? But where is that country? To it France in the times of the farmers general he has in mind, or England in the days when the farmers rolled along bearing their monstrous paunches with difficulty, while the laborers ate scanty meals and worked long hours, and . lived most miserable lives in the most wretched of hovels ? Shame on all the policy which was re sponsible for conditions such as those. But in New South Wales does taxation put one farthing a loaf on bread ? Can it in any way affect meat ? Since taxation stimulated the producers, are not butter, bacon and cheese cheaper hy 50 and better by 500 per cent, than in those brave free-trade days of old ? It is, indeed, difficult to over-estimate the improving- and cheapening of some main staples of our food supply which followed on the stimulus given to our farmers by a very little of tho whole some encouragement of protection. But Mr. Carruthers knows nothing of these things. Still less can he rise to an undestanding of how the land tax he imposes would ultimately be come a tax on the food supply. He has not yet looked across to New Zealand and seen estate after estate lapsing from the good scientific system of successive crop farm ing, into sheep walks once more, because it was impossible to pay taxes and employ labor. And after all, the simple, muttons and ffeeces, taxation or no taxation, pay nearly as well as the men and ploughs, anff are much easier and involve less risk of loss. The-graduated taxation imposed by the Berry Ministry in Victoria near twenty years ago had no effect' whatever in bursting up the great es tates. Ercildoune and Mount Bute, two estates the property of Sir Samuel Wilson, remain intact to this day, and he was one of the magnates against whom the measure was specially directed. Some of the neighboring lands are subdivided and cultivated, but still it is doubtful if the - proprietors make more profit in the way of rent or in interest on capital realised. Subdivision, and what the bursters-up call use of land, follows on a. greater demand .for land, and is not and never was brought about by any pressure in tho way of taxation. Moreover, does not the question occur to Mr. Carruthers if the bursting-up becomes general, and consequently the exemptions numerous, whence will the anticipated revenue be derived ? Illogical and absurd do but inade quately describe the proposals of these chiefs of . the faction. They are founded on grossest ignoranco, or con ceived with manifest intent to deceive. Mr. Reid, we do not doubt, believes in his theory. Ho has, from his youth upward, eschewed the garnered know ledge and actual facts of life, and sought to construct a world of his own, to be governed according to liis own ideas. But Mr. Carruthers seems to speak as one who had seen something of the destitution of the colony, who had realised the deadlock to in crease of population which comes with the ring fence and the permanent establishment of the merino. And yet the means, he proposes for- improvement or altera tion have been tried and found utterly unavailing in neighboring colonies. If there is any real- earnestness in this matter, of the times mending and peopling the lands there is a way. And . that is, .in so increasing industrial mechanical occupations as to make and maintain a home market. This and also the winning by Govern ment bonuses and supervision here, and astute diplomacy there, whatever place may bo won in the markets of the world. 