The Shadpws on the Wall. BY DILLON HUBBARD KEBNAN. to:— While travelling from Burgo to St. Paul recently I become acquainted with a young man who had been farming in Dakota and was on his way to his old home in New York. At V.a It l.n nn?#9 M M l«a 1Jf ft Aflrl the seat in front of mine, 1 have a ranoh out here in Dakota near Park River, but I have left it for ever.'! "The climate ie unsatisfactory, perhaps?" I suggested. " Oh, I can stand the climate, but"— He hesitated and looked oat of the car window ai tbe prairie nnrolling itself berer him as the train sped on. I can stand tbe climate," Us eontiauea " but 1 can't stand — spectres I" I gave a start. Whit I This great, stra, ping young fellow, seemingly in the fob rapture and radiance of , health, afraid of ghosts I Was he drunk? Was be de mented ? Or was he simply acting a rediou- lous role ? I looked at him a little suspiciously. - He saw the look and laughed. "Ob, I'm all right," ho remarked; "but maybe you would like to know why I spoke of epnetrea just now?" "Yea." " Well, then, to begin :-I went to Dakota in 188C — having been driven to tbe step by the fact that I had dropped the most of my little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river, not far from the Manitoba line. It's a great grain country up there— produces colotial crops of No. 1 hard wheat when cyclones, droughts, freste, hall storms, or pralrlc firm don't prevent. Listening?" "Yes— certainly." > '.'There' was on old twa-storey frame houss on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent a good many dollar! in getting it msde habitable. Finally, out dreary October day I moved in, with tbi help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack —a blaok fellow who bad drifted down that way from Winnipeg, and who had formerly been a slave in South Carolina. " He arranged the furniture, built aroarint fire ou the hearth, cooked my supper, and started to leave. '" I want your help right along, Jack,' 1 aid,, 'so you may as well remain. You can have tbe attic room, and' — " ' Gosh amitey, boss I' exolaimed Jsok,b1i ebony face taking on a look of terror. ' Gosh amitey 1 Wouldn't sleep ia die heah house fer nuffia in de worl'.' "'Why?' ' " < Ease hit' got de'— and his voice fell to a low, creepy whisper— 'hit's got de ba'nts.' ' ' Bosh I .What put sqch a foolish idea as tbat in your head?' , ""Scuseme, boss, but hit am nofoolish- ness. De man 'what built die bouse kim a-stagg'rin' home one night and wus nebberseesl er-gin. No, Bah Kobbtrieid r-gin." , ; " Was ha a baohelor ?' "'No, sah, He wsa a marr'd man, an' his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'ter that night.' "Strange I' '" Yaas, boss, pow'fol strange, An when de banker what bed de mortgage on di place Jcim byar for his money he fouu' blood on de fio', aba, blood on de walla, blood on de hyarth I Den a fambly turn Gyafton dey moved in, but dey movedouter-gip, quicker'n quick.' "'Why?' " ' Yo'll fin' out why ef yo' stay heah tweU mawniu'''. " ' Fiddlesticks I Here, tike your monty and come back to-morrow.' He thanked me sombrely and went bis way. "The duels grew on. The clouda trailed low over the limitless sweep of treoless prairies, Tho wiudB went whuddcring round and round tho houso. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on tho paces. I partook of my supper, then drawing my chair boforo the fire read until a late hour. Tho clock was 'on tho stroke of twelve when I went to bed. The light of tha firo made the room as light as though I had left my lamp stil) ' burning. I lay with cat face turned towards toe farther -898', . and woman on ifawhitc, unbroken sDrfice." I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round the apartment. It was empty— empty; but it in an occult way. I watched the phantom pair — watchod them with a nameless fear and fascination. The man was tall, slender, straight as an Indian arrow. He were a som brero and a cloak, the corners of wliicb were thrown back over hie shoulders. His arm wero folded tightly on his breast. His atti tude bespoke pride, acorn, ferocity. The woman was kneeling at his feet, with bowed bead and fingers locked. "The man finally turned away with a haughty air. The womnu roso to her feet, reeled for a momont, and followed him— followed him swiftly with open, outstretched, hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger in hor heart. " Tho flames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. "I sprang from my bed and lit the lamp. I must have been dreaming,' I remarked to myself ; but tbe strange, unearthly vision oamo again aud again, night after night- came when I was us wideawake ns I am at tho present moment— came when I was alone and when I had the oompauioaship of friends. ' I am no spiritist, no believer in the sup ernatural, but I am puzzled by the phenom enon of which I speak. A phenomenon that has finally driven me from my ranch. I shall never return to it." He turned bis face to the car window as he spoke, and looked- dreamily out at the eternal beauty of the eod and sky. 