1 — — - — —4 - '' - 'J:.i . K -- -..-... OHA.PXEE TLHBEPATVST6ETV ':T< Hade, don'tyou understand me? I am t;B> free to lqfl and Wed you, and I want i to forgive iris, and — and lore me, if you f-T i quite understand you, Captain New- obibe," she answered, coldly, " but I think here is hardly any necessity for further oon- ersation between us on this subject." fie buried his facB in his hands. Her ;|eply was a decided blow to him ; he had bome back so full of love and hope: for Spears his one desire had been that some day iffie might return and claim Marie ; and now he time hadoome, he was so ardent, so over joyed that his own time of emancipation was ' gilded, that he did not stop to think what the totervening years might have meant to her. tt had not entered his head chat the love, fwhioli was so strong _and fuUT years ago, ' flight now be dead, He had heard a year \- before that she was still unmarried, and ever Since, his one thought had been to seek her \- forgiveness and win her ; and now she had. repulsed him, not with scorn, (he could have borne that easier), but boldly and decidedly, Inmost unanswerably. ' . f This is only what I deserve," he moaned, bitterly, " but I did hope you would show me some pity.'' , Pity I she replied, scathingly, " you Showed me a great deal of pity and considera tion, didn't you? Besides,'1 altering her tone, 44 I was quite unaware that you wereso desperately in need of commiseration." Pride was indeed uppermost ! This hardly Beamed the same woman, who was so tender but yeBterday. He was silent : he could not excuse him self ; he was self-condemned, as well as by -Jthe woman he loved. - But that only made it the harder ; had she been accusing him wrongfully, he oould have \- hoped to prove his innocence ; but he was huilty, and every moment his guilt looked jjiiasker. |£ What oould he do to regain her loveP For yfrin her he should, he was determined ; he fponld not let her go now. He would show ;::jjier that he was worthy after all ; he would lXprove to her his love ; He would do all in his vjpower to expiate and atone for the past ; his Tyrhoie life should be given up to her. 41 Marie," he said, gently, 44 will you hear jfcvhat I have to say ? -I would like you to Jknow of my life during the last six years, fend then you may think as you like." A 41 I am perfectly indifferent, Captain New combe ;but if you arc very anxious to tell me, will listen." / She would not appear eager ; but Love Was just enough in evidence to make her Jong to hear what he had to say. Pride was still in the ascendancy ; but not enough so Jo make her quite indifferent to him, as she .had said. !3o she graciously consented to hear him. ;Jj 14 Thank you," he said, humbly. "That you may know everything, 1 must go back to guy first sojourn in India. I had not long A jbeen stationed at Bombay, when some new arrivals settled there." -t "They were an English family of some pete, and with them came a young, French jady, byname, Therese Lafayette, the widow pf a French officer. 5 " She was young, fine-looking and bewitch ing, and from the first she set her cap at \- -toe. Of course, I was constantly meeting -Jier, as she moved in our set ; but I took very Jittie notice of her, indeed, rather despised her for continually putting herself in my Way, especially after I casually made her aware of the fact that I hoped soon to go home to be married. However, that made too difference to her. v( "She was always paying me attentien in pome way, and for a long time I was im pervious. But her chief fascination was in her eyes : those eyes ssemed to look right Jn':o one ; to take hold of one wish a magnetic power, and I gradually fell under her in fluence ; and she knew it, and made the most cf her power. "I thought of you, Marie, and I fought against her. I resisted her from time to time ; hut she would again draw me to her feet. Then would come your pure, loving letters, land I would curse myself for my folly. I knew that hsr's was merely a fascination, fexersised over me day by day ; I knew fchat you were the one true, good Woman that I loved, and longed to have Vounear me, while she was a siren, a Woman of the world, bans on conquest, and nothing more ; but I felt as though I were jbeisg drawn into a maelstrom against my own will. I seemed to be fighting against the fnAvit&hlft-; 44 At last, the two years were drawing to a close, and X was thankful that I should bs bu my way to you, and happiness, and peace, When to my horror, my real horror, I assure you, for i w&s; positively afraid of her power, I received notice that I was to remain two years longer. f "I afterwards heard that for six months before my term should have expired, she was being private influence and every means possible to have it extended. - ; v. " I determined to have nothing whatever to do with her , that- 1 would not let her ruin \my happiness and yours ; but she redoubled per energies. , "She was bent on ruining me ; she had been accustomed to captivate one and all Whom she set her heart on,- and was piqued ihat I refused to be entirely subservient to her charms. But she had fait faith in her self, and was quite satisfied that within another two years she would gain her end. i\\- " Your letters helped and strengthened me toore than you pan ever know. The seoond Jwo yeans slowly wore away, and onedav I hade her good-lye, andtold her I was going Itonie. I -cannot describe hear face ; she .looked positively vindictive, gfae was . , realising that alter -angling for nearly four T ' pears she had tailed to land her fish, and her £y8 flaehediire. Sirfl'fihe immeiliatolyn of flirting r nth her , of having played with her nffeo- I IPtoi, and all to no parpose. She wept, she pw&ded;,sheoiung to me with all the Ck- | feggeration of the Frenoh oharaoter. ' | s> 44 Yes, it was unwomanly ; but I believe \i f&y; ytoy oppbaiiionliad actually made her saaapeagaiaiu shehad always been aware that l was alreadv engaged to bemairteiriMmTnthf Weed, I was very glad togrt rid ofher at last. Itnought skB wonldaever go. 11 Fiually,I got safely away, and there fol lowed three months of unalloyed in your dear' old home. Then I went up to London, as you know. I lefts you at Morley at 11 ; abouthaff -past .12 we steamed into Branby Junction. There was another train at thejunction, from London, - just ready to start for Morley. I put my head out of the carriage on the side near the ether train, and glanced up and down. I had been at the , window some seconds, when afaoe looked out from the down train, a few carriages to the right of ma. — 11 4 Good heavens, surely that woman is my Nemesis ; what can she be doing here ?\I thought, as I quickly withdrew into my car riage, in which I was alone. I breathed a sigh of relief when about two minutes after wards the other train- slowly steamed out of station. But I was not to escape so easily. I was still looking out at the place where the train that held her recently stood, and we were on the point of starting whoa, to my dismay, I heard those smooth tones I knew so well, saying, with just a slight Freno a acoent, 4 This carriage, if you please,' and a porter w&3 opening the door beaids me; " In a moment she was hustled in, the door was banged, and we were off. " By Jove, I shall neter forget the rest of that journey whenever I think of it now, it always reminds me of a scene in 4 Cleopatra.' I once saw the famous Sara Bernhardt play that character and in the scene with Marc Antony, af tor she has been in ambush, and heard him and his courtiers denouncing her, she tries every possible way of bringing him to her side again. She. finds that she has no effect upon him whatever with sarcasm and scorn, and finally she humbles herself in order, eventually, to humble him j she pours forth all her leve into his ear, calls him by every endearing name, and in a few moments he is her submissive slave. "Very few of us men are proof against woman's wiles, let alone woman's love ; and Madame Lafayette pursued exactly those tactics. "She had already found thac I was im perturbable by scorn and accusations, so she put forth all her fascinations and charms. " She was the first to speak — 4 Ah I dear Capitaine, are you not glad to see fnQ ?' she asked. 4 1 have come all this long way just to see you, are you not honored, mon oher 1 I could not stay at that Bombay when yon were gone; I was so lonely, so triste, so L came by the boat following, Voila tout i and new, we are met. I hardly spoke ; she rat tled on and before we reached Loudon I had learned that she really had followed me the week after I left India, and ever since had been to London trying to find my where abouts. She had no clue to me, until that very morning when she saw an announce ment in one of the society papers - that our wedding was to take place in thre9 weeks and all the particulars of it. She immediately hunted- up Morley in the time table, and found she had half an hour to catch a train. To think was to act with her, and she caught that train. You know how she saw me at Branby, and changed trains. " When we reached London, I asked if I might put her into a cab, when she replied, | 4 Oh, non, but I will come with you. We must lunch together, cher- ami.' I said I had an engagement; but, at any rate, she prevailed upon me to lunch with her first. . Then she commenced her attack in earnest. She loved me, she adored me, she could not live without me, she would die, and all the time those glorious eyes burnt into my very soul. By Heaven, she was bewitching when she liked! " I made one feeble effort 16 stoke her off. I said sharply, 4 Look here, Therese, this is all nonsense. You know that in less than a month I shall be a married man, and, as an honorable Englishman, I will have no more of this.' But she knew already that she had gained some of her old power over me, aud was not to be repelled. She came behind my chair and put her arms about my neck. 4 Ah 1 yes, you will be married,' toe said, softly, 4 but it will be to Therese, your own Therese, and we will be happy, so happy.' I held out for a time, bat it was no use ; I could not resist her." Marie sat listening attentivelv. but she made no comment, hardly a movement, save her fingers at the work she was doing ; she showed no sign of interest, though her ears were strained to catch every word. He seemed a little tired with the unusual exertion, and, closing his eyes, leant back on the pillows, either -for thought or rest. Pre sently he resumed : 44 That letter I wrote you, she Bfcood over me as I penned it, and took it herself to the post. We were married the next day, at a registry office/ Now,' she said to . me, 4 we wOl go back' to that beautiful Bombay, where we have been so glad, and wewill be bappy once more.'' Her word was law/and in less than a fortnight, we were sailing for India. 44 We hadn't been married a month, before she began taunting me, and boasting of hav ing won me after all. I tell you, it doesn't make a fellow respect his wife any more, when she talks to him like that. Ohoe settled in Bombay, she whirled into the old round of dissipation. Inaociety, she was the same bright, fascinating little woman that nhe had ever been, and was never happy un less she bad innumerable satellites in her train; but in her home she was a different being. 44 She had all the fickleness with which the Trench ore accredited ; and once having gained me, she ceased to try to fascinate me, and I, already knowing that I had ruined my own file, wtomtserable. ; <4 Sontstiitos ' the: thought of jon Awoiild nearly drive me mad. I longed for you, and the pore love of the past. Once I wrote to you, but at last, would not post lit. I had given you up of my own free will, if you had i begun toforgive me, then tor your sake ! could thank God for It ; if "not, then I te solved , that I would not come back as a ghost from the past, to haunt your life, and make it more miserable. % " At fiest l'temonstoatod withher for her condnot, but tt was worse than useless, ttT only fired ber anew; She ffirtod iighir auaft left, she went toiheti ketore, «he went every, wherewith other men J In faot, itbeoame toe exception forhertobe seenwlth herhusband au/ We drfftedfartherandfatther apart. «nd the one thing £ looked torward towas the adveqt of our cihifd. Frbm the moment too was bora, my life wM oentred in her. 44 Before the child was six weeks old, the mother was flying round everywhere again, 'Life was too short to be bothered with babies, V she said. She had not a spark or motherly feeling, so the little one became my constant care. 44 She was a lovely child ! She had her mother's luminous dark eyes, with such a look of love in them whenever I came near her that went straight to my heart, and fair golden hair. I had at least one thing to live for. Her loving little nature seemed to grow incorporate into mine, and I became as much to her as she was to me — for she never knew a mother's love. " Oars was a strange household ! Therese was hardly ever at home, or if she were, she would always take her meals in her own boudoir, while I aud the child lived a life of our own apart. 41 A heavy cloud was ever oyer me ; but my one ray of sunshine was little Marie, and I always had &. vision before me of tbe time when I should be free to. take her to another Marie and be at rest. 44 At length, when she was about , three years old, Therese became jealous q£ the child ; that was the firat notice she had taken of her, and life became more unbearable than it had ever been. She made herself as hate ful to me as possible, and if I took no notice of that, she would make me suffer through the little one. That was more than I could bear, and one day, wheu we had had some words over the child, I struck her. 1 suppose I should not have done it, but I was incited "beyond endurance. 44 She never forgave me that. All the vindiotive revenge of her nature arose, and she became a perfect fiend at home, while oat- side she was more desperate than ever, and utterly heedless of her own reputation, 44 Soon after, for the sake of Marie, I took lodgings elsewhere. She did not follow me, she was put that then ; she did not care two straws for me or the child. All my spare time was given up to little Marie ; we spent hours together, and with her little arms about my neck I was in a measure happy. "But one day, just before she waB five \- years old, she orept on to my knee, saying she, was tired ; the next mGruing she said she had a pain in her throat. I sent fo? a doctor immediately, who pronounoed it to be m&hgnant; diphtheria, and in less than a week I had lain my little darling, the only being on earth that 1 dared love, in the grave. :I prayed that I might go, too ; indeed, twice I almost took my own life ; but toe thought that 1 might yet be free to win yon held me back. 44 My life was black misery ; my own thoughts were a hideous nightmare to me that I could not escape ; I had" nothing to live for save a dim, shadowy future, that might never come, and was tied for life to this woman, whom it had now become a shame for anyone to know. " Bat God was more meroirol to methsn I deserved; ten months after I lost my little one Therese was seized with malarial fever and was carried off in a fortnight. 44 The next week I sailed again for Eng land, and the day I arrived was Walking along the Essex road when I saw a little child, so like my own, perilously near to a horse's heels. I sprang after her and suc ceeded in saving her, but by some means w&s; knocked down and injured myself. -Then they brought me here, and you know the rest.' He paused ; but Marie went on with her work,. her head bent low over it, and said not a word. He waited awhile, hoping that toe would speak, but she remained silent. Then he said, quietly : 44 Now, Marie, what do yon think 1 Do yon think I have suffered enough for my past folly, or is it so heinous that it merits yet more punishment ?" \- 41 1 don't know that we ever fully atone for our sins in this life," she answered, evasively. 44 They sometimes seem to follow us to the end of onrdays." 44 Yes," he said, bitterly, 44 God knows mine well ; for it is seared into my life. But will you make it harder by refusing what I have waited all these years to attain ? Oh, Marie, if yon only knew how I love yon !" 44 So yon said some years ago, Captain Newcombe.' 44 Heavens 1 you are bitter. Can you not uuder&tand; that my love is only intensified by all these years of separation and sorrow ? I have learnt the value of what I so lightly oast aside, and want to prove myself worthy of it again; to make, yon know that your trust will not be misplaced. Are you implaoable he went on, as she made no response. 44 Can you not even say you forgive me ?" At that moment tbe doctor came up to pay his midday visit. Captain Newcombe was so incensed at his ooming. .just then thai he would have liked to order him out of the room ; but as he eoizld not do that under the circumstances he just had to keep as cool as possible aud look as if nothing unusual had taken plaoe. The old dootor oame up smiling. 44 You're getting on splendidly," he sail, rubbing his hands ; 44 we'll have yon up to morrow. In fact, I don't see why ycu shouldn't sit np thiaaftornoon for a while if youlike." 44 Thanks, doctor. I should like it im mensely. It's horrid for a fellow to lie so long inactive." 44 Well, £ don't think you'll be here' much longer now," replied Dr Grainger. 44 Captain Newoombe is so much better, doctor," interposed Marie, " that I think he no longer needs constant attention." 4 No, indeed, he does , not." - . , 4 Then, " said Marie aside to the doctor, " I am justgoihg off to: dinner, and i want you toem&ucipate; me from -tb-day He will be up/and haye his-i>ooks; and there are two nurses within call, it he wants anything, while I have plenty lb see after, and new. patients in my own warfi to ettond to. I really think my dutyhere Is 'ended, doe tor. Will you give me my oocg?" . " Bg all means/if you wito it," he replied immediately. " You are always. anxious and fall of work, and I know toey will be glad to Baeyoubaokat No. 4." 1 Bo Marie quietly picked up her work, and lefi the room, Bhe ieltWleved that she had hot to go baok ; bat e tonB ! oppression, was oyer her : too felt that thifi was not ft end, that a crHda in hor life was impending ; and in Ihe meantime, she seemed to be on fte edge of a praeiploe, hanging over 4 dark abyBa of doubt aud uncertainty. CHAPTER VII.— HERBbothss. The next day, Marie had a visitor. She was just settling down to her work, and thinking that she would soon fall into her old groove, and perhaps in a couple of months take three weeks' holiday that was due to her, and go home for the first time since she had come to the hospital, when she was told that a gentleman wished to see her. She went in to the little reception room, and there beheld her eldest and favorite brother, a young fellow of six and twenty. 44 Why, Jack," she exolaimed, ' when did you come up to town? X am pleased to see you." 44 1 oame the day before yesterday ; but I had a little business to see to, and I couldn't get round before," 44 Did you come solely ou business ? How long are you going to scay P" 44 Now, which am I to answer first ?" he returned, laughingly. .. " Perhaps . you'd better give me a whole string of questions, and I'll answer them in rotation." 44 Of course I want to know everything," replied -Marie ; "sit down here and tell me every sor'ap of news."" "Have you any' more questionsdi'efore l begin, or shall . I ansjrer what I've got first ?" " 44 Oh 1 Jack, you're as big a -tease as ever ; bnt it is nice to see you, I've been longing to see some of yon lately." 44 Well, you've no one to blame but your self ; it's your own fault, and we can't be always coming up to London." 4 4 Never mind, tell me whv vou came, and how long you are going to stay, and all about mother and the children 2 And how is Morley looking, any more oh⩾̸ ?" 4 4 Hold on," interrupted Jaok, despairingly, 44 one at a time. First of all, I came because there was a consignment of wines from Aus tralia to see after, the first we've had, and the pater couldn't very well leave the offioe just now, so he sent me. Secondly, I am going back on Tuesday, What was the next?" 4 4 Don't be unkind, Jack. How are they all, and what messages did they send me?" 44 That's it, two at a time. Well, no more joking. Of course, they all sent their beat love and kisses, which I was to be sure and deliver, and we are all very well ; but the dear little mother hasn't been very bright lately. She would have liked to haver come up with me ; bat she didn't feel" strong enough. I flunk when she's not well she frets about you. - " Annie is so thoughtless, she thinks more of going ont and attending church societies than of waiting on mother. Then the pater's had to be back at the office a great deal in the evenings lately ; but I have stayed in and read to her or played ohess as often as I could." 41 Good old bGy ; I'm glad to see you're as fond of the mother as ever." " Fond of her!" exolaimed Jack, enthu siastically, 44 she's the dearest little woman in the world." 4 'But has she been ill, Jaok, s&riouslv; ill?" 44 Well, she hasn't been in bed at all, but she seems to be low-spirited, and not very strong. She always makes light of it, and I think I'm the only one who noticed it par ticularly, except Ethel ; she's very good and considerate, but she has her lessons, and goes to bed at nine." 44 Ethel always was a sweet child ; she will be fifteen next month, won't she ?" 44 Yes, fifteen. She'3 a grand girl, in faot, a second Marie," said Jaok, smiling fondly at his sister. 44 1 make far more a companion of her than of Aqnie." 4 4 flow are the others?" " 44 Tom gives a great deal of trouble. The mother worries about him, too ; he won't settle to anything. Annie and he are great chums, as usual, but she hasn't a scrap of influence over him. Then Dick's always in some scrape or other at school, and the pater goes foi him in stentorian tones ; bat Dick's ail right, and I always tell the mother she needn't worry about his little escapades. Besides, he's got Ethel ; he thinks the world ofher, and will do anything for her. "Their friendship has grown wonderfully the last two years." 44 1 am very, very glad to hear it," said Marie, thoughtfully, 44 it's not often thtf a boy of his age will rely on a younger sister, bnt Ethel will have a great hold on him." " She is a great check on him already, she is womanly beyond her years. Our family seems destined to go ia pairs; except little Nellie — there isn't a mate tor her ; but she's the love and admiration of us all. She is a bonnie child, Marie. It's three years since yon saw her, isn't it P" 44 Yes, . three years past, and eighteen months since I saw Annie and Tom,, and it'a eiafat months since the mother Was up with Dick and Ethel. 1 was hoping she would have been here again before this.'V 44 You would- hardly know the home life now, Marie. Five years ago, you and I were grown up, and all the others were ohildren. Seeing us periodically, and in instalments, so to speak ,oan give you no idea of the extent ol the change," 44 Yes, time works great changes ; but there are developments, too." 44 True; but the developments may not always be in the right direction, and we need all the help we ean get from eaoh otner to steer a straight coarse, and the stronger should support and guide the weaker. Do you see what I mean, Marie? Don't you think you have been here long enough, that your duty lies more in the old home now ? I have been thinking very seriously of it of bite, and I determined that I would risk your displeasure, aud tell you plainly the. con-' olueion I had arrived at." 44 Well, strange to say, Jack, T had already decided to take a trip home for a shprt time Three weeke' holiday is due to me,/ |md I had determined to gahome at last." 44 dan you take tha ftree weeks when you like fr" <i Yet." - 44 Then gobaok with mqon Tuesday." 44 Bo soonP" She instantly felt a re- luotance to leave the hospital -and Harold Newoombesoeoon. [?] 