GOLDEN LOVE. CHAPTER VI. BY FRANCES FITZGIBBON. r "I am rather afraid of horses, Mr. St. John, and Mies Athelstono dosen't know what fear is. She is just as venturesome on horgp.baek as that mad boy there," said Mrs. Reid to the overseer pointing to Gerald Blake. Ihey were standing on the verandah the next morning waiting for the horees to be brought down from the stables. The * mad boy" took off his hat aadmade a low bow in acknowledgment of the compliment. _ It was a beautiful morninjr. The wind had cuanged to the eouth during the night, making the air deliciously cool and fresh. Mre. Reid and the overseer walked to the gate as Mack came down from the stables leading two horses, one a splendid upstanding animal, as sleek and black as a crow, the other a handsome bay hack. St. John took the Black Prince's bridle, and tho lad went back to the stable for Mr. Blake'e horse. "Is this Miss Athelstone's favourite?" he asked, stroking its glossy black neck. " Yes," Yes. :s answered Alls w^rfid Mrs". Afrs Reid. "But •'P.? I wish she would transfer her favour to a less spirited animal.'" 5 Miss Athelstoce made her appearance on the verandah, looking particularly well in a very becoming navy-blue riding habit. '"•I am sorry I am unable to come with you, Miss Athelatone," Mr. Russell was saying as he walked beside her to the gate. " If it were not for those confounded well-sinkers" But she was thinking—"How strange to see him at Winoola—his own real Belf, standing there beside my horse. What a splendid talk we will have !" "Ready, Miss Athelatone*'" exclaimed Gerald B:ate, who was in hieh spirits, looking a regular bushmau in leggings aud spurs. "It's a grand moruin? for a gallop." "Now, Mr. Blake,began Mrs. Raid warmmgly. Bat he only laughed. "I wish I was going with you," said the Manager ia a low voice, as he assisted Miss Athelstone to mount, St. John having stepped aside. Mrs. Reid moved to his tide, and said in a confidential tone— "Mr. St. John, may I ask you to see that Mr. Blake does not start galloping or jumping fences. I am always anxious when M:s3 Athelstone is out riding with him. She is not strong. Indeed she fainted only the evening before last when ahe had been reading to the men. May I trust her to your care ? I wish she were not going out to-day. I fe3l so unreasonably nervous about her. I am glad you are going with them, Mr. St. John/' "You may trust her to me, Mrs. Reid," said St. John in that deep voice of his, that women instinctively "trusted. He had grown pale while Mrs. Reid bad been speaking, but as his eyes rested on the girl's bright face as she sat so gracefully on ber high steed, a plow of admira tion lighted up his grave dark face for a moment. He turned again to the eldor lady— " Good-by, Mrs. Reid,"he said, holding out his hand, " and do.not be anxious about Miss Atoelstone. . She will be perfectly safe with me." With that he lifted his hat and sprang into the saddle. " Might we not just aB well take the Pienderry mail with us, as we are going out that way, Mrs. Reid ? It will Rave them a journey in for it," said Miss Athelstone aB they were about to start. " Yes, if you wiii wait a moment I'll get it," said Mrs. Reid, turning back towards the house. "The Pienderry people bring a camel for their mail," she explained, turning to S5. John, who had brought his horse alongside hers. "Have you ever seen them out your way ?" "I met an idiot boy with a camel about a month ago ; but either he would not or could not tell me where he came from or was going to, "he replied. "It is the eame. Stand still, Prince !" "Your horse seems to be in a hurry to start," he said. "Yes, and he shall go, too, presently," Bhe replied. "You muBt not go galloping," he said gently. *' I. promised Mrs. Rsid'that I would take care of you." Tbe colour came into her cheeks, and she bent ber head for a moment to examine the fastening of ber glove. " You. needn't wait, Miss Athelstone. I'll get the letters,"called out Gerald Blake. " I'll yon at the woolshed gate," and o dded in a lower tone to Mrs. Reid, "It's fair to give Gentleman Jack a show. Eh, a Mrs. Reid?" So the two friends started off at a b-isk walk, overtaking the Manager on hiB way to woolshed. t 1 "Mack has gone to open tbe gate, Mr. said Miss Athelstone, as they passed him. "I'm going to the shed," he answered, "so won't be outof my way," and he walked evidently not in the best of spirits. rodsup to the gate, but Alisa Ai)hfclata,ne*s" instead of going through suddenly came a full stop. It was so unexpected that she almost thrown out of the saddle. A hasty exclamation escaped from the i h i f g n o b s o Manager and was followed by another from St. John, as the Black Prince, laying back his ears, sniffed the air suspiciously and backed deliberately into a wire fence. She gave .him a cut with the whip. "Go oa. Prince," she said, settling herself more securely in the saddle, and the Manager was about to take hold of the bridle wlieu the horso made a sudden spring and bounded forward through the gate, making straight for the brush-fence that enclosed the drafting-yards. The two other horses had also become restive and excited—Mr. Blake's refusing to move a step forward iu spite of the liberal application of the whip and spurs, and it took ail St. John's attention and strength to hold in his animal. Mack ran and caught the Block Prince's bridle and led him back into the road. . "Stand aside, Mack. I'll Bee if I can't take someof the superfluous spirit out of him," she cried, her temper rising. * Maok sprang asile, and only just in time, for the horse, who waB either thoroughly frightened or thoroughly out ot temper, flung out his fore feet, and to the horror of all who were watching; tried to stand on his hind lags,'while hiB rider with white face and nervous hands clung desperately to the saddle. Lancelot! Russell sprang forward, but the mad animal was rearing and plunging so violently that it was impossible to get anywhere near it, even for a moment. . It seemed the most unaccountable thing— that the three horses should so suddenly and apparently without reason grow eo wild and unmanageable. Gerald Blake's horse had turned and galloped wildly back towards the house, and St. Johp'e horse was only prevented from following by the determined will and great strength of its rider. Miss Athelstone now tried to turn her horse's head back towards the stable, but the animal was quite beside itself with fright. It would not go on, it would not go back, but Irept fliuping its feet about, shying, bucking, walking sideways with short, yet trotting Daces; all the while the girl bravely kept her seat. Her hands were cut with the strain the reins as the horse tossed its head, and every moment almost jerked them out of her haud. It trembled and neighed in a frightened wild way, and ouce inore triod to throw off its rider by standiiK upright on its hind legs. ~ " Good heavens ! ehe'il be killed, ' cried the Manager, his heart standing stiil at the sight. " fiojd tight, Miss Athulstone, till I can find out what's the matter with the vicious brute," and with a brave effort he at last succeeded in catchinsr hold of the horse's bridle. But his haud bad hardly closed round tho strap when the animal suddenly springing back, flung its hoofs into the air and reared up and stood almost per peed icularly, with widely distended nostrils and protruding eyes. Lancelot RusseJi uttered a wild inarticulate cry of horror, and at. John shulh hie eyes for one awful moment, expecting tne horse to overbalance itself, fall backwards, and crush the girl under it. But the next instant he opened them. There was no mangled heap in the dust—that that moment of darkness had showu him—but a horse now on four feet, now on two, galloping, stopping, roaring, plunging, galloping again this time many yards away from "the dusty hoof-scraped spot where he had thought to have seen her. " My God '." she'll be killed," he cried hoarsely, flinging himself from his own unmanageable horse, leavir-s it to stay there plunging or gallop awsy just as it chose. He ran with the eaerav o! despair down the little hill after Black Prince, who was making for a belt of thick scrub about quarter of a mile from the woolshed. Tho Iran tic animal was not getting much nearer to the scrub, for it was wasting its time and strength in going from side to side, stopping, kicking, galloping, stopping azain for a second to sniff the air, when a tremor would run through its whole body, then starting off more frantic than before. • " It's a camel!" shouted the Manager. "Mick'/' he roared, turning round for a moment, "run and tell that fool of a boy to take that brute away," and he followed Gentleman Jack as fast as he could cover tiiu ground. Tiiey expected at every plunge to see the Black Priuce fling his rider to the ground, which was strowu with largw stones, or to fall backwards on top of her. The way she clung to the saddle was simply miraculous. Her face was deodly white, her hat had fallen off, and her iong, dark, wavy hair streamed about in the wind. When he reached the spot where tbe horse stood rearing and drawing itself together for another plunge, St. John, at theimminentriekef hisownHfe.madearush as its head, and succeeded in catching hold of the strap of the bridie from the strap to tbe inane, and from thai to the neck, to which he huag by both arms. This position of affairs cou'd not last for mora than a minute or so, as tho mad hor«> ?renr madder and more frightened, lifting St. John off his feet, and dragging him hi: from side tosida. It was a terrible sight, aud ac those who witnessed it never forgot it. "Can you jump oCr' he said in hoarse, hurried voice, gasping for breath. As she caught a glimpse of a face besida the horse's head—an awful faco—drawn and haggard and of a deadly ashen hue, with wide, red-rimmed eyes, and adark head of wind-blown hair, she forgot her own danger in seeing his. " Oh, let go ! lot go !" she cried in an agony of terror. You'll get killed ! You'll net b killed ! Oh, let go !'' " Not till you're saf<y" came in dry, easpmg croak as ho clung to the horse'i? neck. Hardly had the words escaped his lips when man and horse camo down with a frightful crash on to a clump of saltbush. At tho same ia-tant the Manager sprang to the spot, and as they fell dragged tbe girl off the saddle, and laid her fainting on the grass a few feet away. Then life to her wis a nerfect blank. She knew nothing, saw EOthing, heard nothing. Mack and the Manager, with a couple of the men whoh&d; bean working in the woolshed clo?o by, removed with as little danger as possible thenowquiethorse from off the prostrate form of Arthur St. John. They laid him on a frame which one of the men had brought with him, and bore him gently and silently into tho woolehed. All tbiB had occurred not quarter of a mile from and within sjghtof the house, ond by the time that the men had laid the frame on which St. John lay on a row of woolbales Mrs. Reid and the Manager were bendicg over Miss Athelstone, splashing cold water in her faoe. administering brandy, rubbing her hands, and in short trying all tr.nr.nor of restoratives to bring back some sign of animation. " I don't think she's hurt," said Mr. Russell, bending over her aB he sat on the grasB with her head resting on his arm. " I pulled her out of the faddle before «he touched the ground. I think she is only stunned and shaken," nnd he tenderly put back a heavy wave of the dark hair that had blown across the white unconscious face. "She must have had a fearful shaking," eaid Mrs. Reid, with a very anxious face, as Ehe rubbed the limn white hands with a nervous haste that told of a great anxiety. " If Bhe'donly open hor eyee," she said again in a piteous tone. The Manazer bc-nt down, and with every term of endearment at his command entreated her to speak, to say whether she were hurt—only to open her eyes and say one word to him. Presently she opened her eyes, looked for a moment into the face bent over her, next at Mrs. Reid, then sat up and cast a hasty g!auce all round. She evidently did not see _what Bhe expected, for there was no St. John, no horse, only Mack and a couple of shearers standing shyly as a little distance. She turned to the squatter's wife ngar'n, and ask«d in a voice that trenabled with anxiety, " Wfcp-e is he?" '' Who, my dear ? Mr. Blake ? He is in the wool'' " No! no! Mr. Si. John—Where is he?" Mrs. Reid looked at the Manager, and the Manager looked at Mrs. Reid. "My dnar girl, hadn't you better lie still a little ? You've have had a terrible" But she sprang to her feet with a very white face. "Te'I me where he is. What has happened?" she demanded, turning excitedly from the one to the otheri The Manager frowned with surprised displeasure as he looked at the white anxious face, but remained silent. " My dear Miss Athel" began Mrs. Reid in a gentle soothing tone. But the girl interrupted with an impatient stamp, crying piteously, " Why oan't you tell me where he is"? Has he gone to the house ? Oh, don't keep me in suspense. Is he hurt? Tell me, Mrs. Reid—oh, tell me;" and she laid two trembling hands on the lady's arm, and looked into her 'faoe with such passionately : pleading eyes, that the Manager turned his head aside and brushed his haud across his eyes, and the tears ran down Mrs. Reid's face as she answered gently, "They have carried him into the woolshed." " Carried him !" she cried. " Then ho is hurt?" " My dear, I'm afraid so, but" Shewaited to hear no more, butgatheringup her trailing skirt she started off with a quick unsteady gait towards the large iron building which stood at a little distance. There were half-a-dozen or more men standing round the door of the shed, talking in exoited whispers, dividing their attention between the girl coming to them, the " boss" tbe " missis" on each side of her, and the still form of the overseer lying just inside the door. As the three approached the group one of a tall, old man stepped up to the Manager and whispered something hurriedly his oar. Mr. Russell turned and laid a detaining hand on the girl's arm, spying a low entreating voice, and with a verj sad "For God's sake, MisB Athelstone, don't in there." She merely shook off the hand, w^wi *ikkfc uu, .fcAki*^-ijo more tttrU^-g - the warning t'mn u.f ubn. .. thegroupof staring men into the cool, shed, and there in front of her stretched R R on a frame lay the still form of Arthur St. John. His face was as the face of the dead, hid head resting on a folded coat, and bis hauds lying limply beside him as they had been placed. Round him were grouped three or four men, among, whom was the tall, foxy shearer' Gerald Blake stood at his head, and with a wet cloth wipod away the blood that slowly oozed froui a slight wound in his forehead. She did not cry out or faint, but stood perfectly still aud silent a little way off, gazing as if fasciuated at the sight, with one white hand holding up ber -trailing skirt. After standing thus for a few seconds she stepped up to Gerald Blake, aud looking steadily into his face, said with startling calmness— ; "Is he dead?" A cold shiver ran through the lad's frame at the icinees of her tone, bus he answered promptly— "No, Sfiss Athelstone:" She turned suddenly upon the Manager, and a?ked in a voice that meant a good deal— " Has not anything been done for bim ?" He was about to reply that their attention had been engaged with herself, when one of the meu stepping forward said respectfully— ""Yes, miss. We've tried every means at hand to restore him. but to no purpose." She looked at tho till, shaggy-looking, illmade fellow who stood before her in hiB shirt sleeves, with but a passing interest; while his Ehiftles?, faded blue eyes kept wandering hesitatingly from the Manager's serious, gloomy countenance to Mrs. Reid's pale, troubled, anxious face, and from her to the girl who stood beside Gerald Blake like a beautiful statue^her long, dark hair streaming down over her shoulders. " I've carefully sounded him, ma'am," the man was saying to Mrs. Reid, "andcould find no broken bones." To Miss Athelstone—"I thiuk he's only stunned and shaken, at least as far as I can make out." To the Manager— "It's a miracle he hadn't every bene in his body broken from the way that horse fell on him. If you'll allow me, ma'am, to suggest that I think he ought to be (aken down to Government House and a doctor sent for." The man's voice was quiet and respectful, at thn same time full of confidence, and seemed to inspire the others with the power to act. Miss Athelstone stooped and gently removed the wet "nandkerchit-f that lay across St. John's cold forehead, but as the men, at a Bign from the Manager, moved forward to take up tho frame to remove fet, John ehe replaced it and turned away. Gerald Bl»ke drew her hand through his arra aud said with brotherly kindness. "Come up to the house, Miss Athelstone. Th>-y are going to m.;ve hi in now." She allowed herself to be led away, aching in every limb, and har head almost splitting with pain. Eo bad heard from Mack ail about the mysterious moetins in the summer-house, and it addr-d to his manner a gaat'eaess. and tenderness new to it, which was very soothing to the girl's nervous anxiety. "Mr. Blake, Mr. St. John and I are old friends," she eaid a3 they went towards the house, speaking ia a hurried, nervous manner, so unlike herself. " I knew him years ago. I did not know ha wt3on tbe station till the day before yesterday, nnd he didn't know that I was either. So I am anxious to know. Oh, tell mo if they think he will recover?"' The lad's heart wis full of tenderness and pity, and hi* eye3 full of tears as he laid his hand over tho one which rested on hiB arm, B&ving; fervently— " I don't know. Miss Athelstone, hut I hope to God be will ! If it were possible," he added .ifter a moment, I would (rive all 1' got in this world to change places with him." She gave his hand a warm pressure. "You are very good," she murmured, but her heart waE very heavy with fear, and dread, and anxiety. When she reached her room she threw her- Eelf on her knees bepido tho bed, ocd with achin? heart and streaming eyes prayed that the "author and civer" of all thiaes wou'd spare his lite, that He would bring him back to health aud strength, she would ssk i:o more—onlv to spWe him—to let him get well. She rose, little ooitlfortod by that passionate pleading for her own heart's desire. It was not" Thy will, but my will." She took off the torn and dusty ridinghabit, washed her face and hands,' fsstened up her hair, and put on a white ores?. All tho while she was conscious that they wore bringing hiin in. She could hear the quick trampling of many feet up and down thn pasnaze, in and out the d;Jf'irons room*, till Mrs. Jarvis with iuqmEitive eyes came to her door and asked if she could do anything for her. " No, thank you," she answered. " I am all righi. Hare tliev brought Mr. St. John in ye*:" she forced herself to a?l:. " Yes, and they've got 'im in bed in the spare room,"' Mrs. .iarvis answer.::!. "Won't you : avea™po? tea, Mi^s Athelstone? You're iookiir iist like a ghost." She shook her head and with beating heart made her way to the spare room. The door was open, aud she stood a moment on the threshold, and looked in. Mrs. Reid aud the tail shearer, whose shirtsleeves were now hidden by a brown tweed coat, stood on one side of the little white bed, the Manager and Gerald Blake on the other. All four were engrossed in watching the still and apparently lifeless figure of the overseer as he lay there under the gaze of four pairs of eyes, as utterly unconscious of it as of the hidden emotions that moved the hearts of those four watchers. ' Miss Athelstone came into the room. They ail looked up as she came towards the bed. " And how do you foel now, dear?" asked Mrs. Reid, coming round to her. *' I don't think I feel at all," shesaid. The Manager laid a kindly hand on her shoulder. "Don't you think yon had better go and lie down aw'iiile? You are not fit to be about. She shook her head, and going to tbe side of the bed. Gerald Blako having moved aside to make room for her, Bfe fastened her eyes oa the corpse-like face that seemed as tumigh it would never relax into life again. tier face grew white, and her hands came noiselessly together in a tight clasp that told something of the inward emotion ehe etrove to conceal. Lancelot Russell's eyes never left her face. " If you will allow me, ma'am," said the shearer-doctor, " to say 4 know eomething of surgery. I studied medicine for six years." Are you a doctor?" she asked. It waB perpaps a strange question to ask a man who had come out of a sheanng-ahed.but there was something about the man that at once marked him out as bein? something better than a nhearer. He spoke good English, atid though tbe observation that he knew a little about medicine was modestly made his bearers saw plainly that there was something more behind it, and from the businesslike way he had handled his patient after he had been laid on ' the bed convinced the Manager that he was no novice at the work. To Mre. Read's pointed question he replied, "Well, madam, I was a doctor once, but a— I was unfortunate," he added ia a shamefaced way. "In practice?" she enquired again. "I took my degree at the Melbourne University," he replied, " and practised in that city for eight years. But as I bave already said—I—a—was unfortunate " Mrs. Reid nodded, as if to say she understood the cause of his misfortunes. "Then will you please to tell UB at oncewhat is the matter with Mr. St. John ?" ehe said somewhat decidedly, for the new doctor showed an inclination to unfold a little more of his unfortunate history. " Well, madam"—and the tone had now a distinctly professional ring in it—"if you'll allow me to say it, it's my opinion that the patient's beart is affected," and he glanced across at Miss Athelstone with a deprecatory air. " Do you think he will recover ?" ehe asked again. " I cannot Bay just now," he said, looking at Miss Athelstone, for her eyes had asked the question as plainly and more pathetically than tbe elder lady's voice had. " I will be able to let you know when he has recovered consciousness. which I think be will soon. I Bhould say that the young gentleman is a victim to heart disease," he added eerionsly. There was silence for a while, and the five watchers gazed thonghtfully on the immovable faoe on the pillow. Gerald Blake moved softly to the other side of the room and brought a chair across to where Miss Athelstone was standing, growing whiter and whiter. He put her gently into it, and after a few moments left the room, and the Manager followed. At length the heavy eyelids of the sufferer moved. A change of colour passed over the death-hned-face The strange dootor held up a warning hand. The eyes opened and travelled slowly round and round, as if vaguely searching for something. Grace Athelsione stood up and bent over the bed. The wandering eyes rested on her face for a moment, and then wearily closed. They opened again after a few minutes, and rested on the girl's face, but the mute pleading look ia them was more than she could bear, and covering her face with her bands she leaned her head against the. bedpost. Dr. King—to give bim tbe professional name he was entitled to—made a sign to Mrs. Reid to follow him, and tbey left the room. He looked very serious as he softly oloBed tbe door behind him, and turning to her as they stood for a moment in the wide cool ball be said— " If you will allow me, madam, to enquire, without thinking me inquisitive, if the young lady is—a—any relation to Gentleman—to the overseer?" "Excuseme for interrupting,"Baid Gerald Blake, coming out of a door on the opposite side of the hall. " Mrs. Reid, will you please come in here a moment, and you too, dootor." They all entered' the little Bitting-room, where the Manager was standing in the uui^viir-^tli his back to them; Ht "I dare €ay"*^Ti "WllpT5e surprised/Mrs. eid to hear what I've just been telling.Mr. ussell, " said the young man hurriedly, "that Miss Athelstone and Mr. St. John are old friends." Mrs. Rsid gave a little gasp of astonishrcent. "She did not know that he was on tbe station, having never heard bim called by bis proper name, and be did not know of ber being here till the evening before lost, when he came down to the men's reading 1 , and they saw each Either for the first time." " That was the cause of'——^ ehe suddenly stopped and lookad.acrossat-her nephew aB he stood looking out of the window, bisbauk still towards them. "Who told you, Mr. Blake," she asked in- - stead. " Miss Athelstone herself told me as we came dowh from the shed joEtnow." There was a pause. Each was conscious of the other's thoughts, excepa perhaps the doctor, and he probacy bad hiB private opinion of the state of affaire. He Btood irresolute for a minute or two; then said—" Why, I asked if the young lady were b relation to Mr. St. John that—a— er—if be has any relatione they'd better be informed." " Oh, doctor, you surely don't mean ttiat he is going to die?" exclaimed Mrs. Reid. " I'm afraid, madam, that he will never rise from that bed till he's carried off it." " Is not there the least hope ?" ehe asked. " It is impossible that hecan live," was the reply Riven, sadly enough. "Oh, dear! oh, dear! How dreadful! Who nould have thought that this would have happened when they started away, so—so—it's all so unexpected. Poor Mi6s Athelstone! Only fanoy—killed! But, doctor, you said, 'There were no bones broken.' What is it that" "It's bis heart, madam. With a heart in the state hie is in, the least shock of excitement or surprise, good or bad, or any undue exertion would carry him off with very short notice." Mrs. Reid sat down, and put her handkerchief to her eyes. It was all so dreadfully sad ! " Who IB to tell Miss Athelstone?" she said helplessly. "He will probably tell her himself, madam," said the doctor. " He mutt be aware of tbe state of his health." " What had wa better do?" Bhe said appealingly to her nephew, who still stood gazing drearily out into the glaring sunshine. " What had we better do. Lance?" " Do ? Find out where his people are, if he has aay, and send them word of him," he replied, turning half round and speaking over his shoulder. "If it would be any satisfaction to_you, raadnm, to send for another doctor—but no— it would be no use. It will be all over before any one could, get here even from the Port, leb alono from town." >' " How long do you think he will live?" asked the Manager abruptly, turning round aDd facing his employe. " Well, sir, he may live till this time tomorrow." " And can nothing be done for him?" " Absolutely nothing, sir. The poor heart has just worn ltBelf out. If you will allow me, uiadatn, I'll come down in a couple of hours' time and bave another look at him, though I cannot do him any good. And—oh, er—if he wishps the young lady to—a—stay beside him —humour him. And whatever happens don't let him be disturbed. Good morning, madam,' and he bowed himself out. "Blake,"said the Manager, turning to the rina-neck, " you had better get a horse, and ride to Pienderry as fast as you oan. Tbey will give you a "fresh horse to go on to the Port, and wire for St. John's friends, if we can find out where they ere. I suppose it's no use to send for*a doctor?" he added turning to Mrs. Jleid. . " I don''; know. If that man is to be relied on. it would be no use. But in caBe—in case Mr. St. John lives for a couple of days, it would be a satisfaction to havo a doctor here. I tbink I'll go nnd try if I cannot find out pomething more of thiB Btrange affair from Miss Athelstone." 