MELBOURNE LETTER. [from odr correspondent.] .Liie proceedings of the Royal Com mission appointed in Sydney for the re- trial of George Dean, convicted of having administered poison to his wife, call to mind the half-buried story of the Monnt Rennie trial, in which there was no atter-inqniry. In Dean’s case great public pressure was brought to bear, and one of the strongest arguments used in. favor of a re-trial was that the trial before Jndge Windeyer was a parody on the forms of justice. Many , persons held the same opinion regard ing the Mount- Rennie trial, which was rushed through before the same judge, who summed up strongly against the prisoners—just as he did against Dean —and who took a hurried verdict from a -jury exhausted to stupidity by day 1 and night sittings. But the Mount Rennie prisoners were without influen tial friends, and four of them went straight away to the gallows, while the others were sent to gaol for life. At that time the face of the law was set against any serious enquiry into the character of the Crdwn witnesses, and in much the same way the irreproach ableness of the characters of the wit nesses against Dean was taken for granted at his trial; but he is in the fortunate position of having the past history of those who tried to put a rope round his neck thoroughly in quired into. Two of the witnesses against the Mount Rennie prisoners, Stanley and Smith, got .into trouble shortly after the trial, Smith being sentenced to a long term of imprison ment for arson and Stanley only es caped gaol through “a little matter connected with a cheque” being put right by his friends. Viewing the Mount Rennie trial in the present light, it i3 almost certain that had there been a re-trial, as in Dean’s case, full light would have been thrown on the histories of some of the witnesses, greatly to their disadvantage, and probably the feet of the four youths who were executed would not have stood in the gallows of Darlinghurst gaol. “ To find a parallel to the Mount Rennie trial,” said the late Right Hon. W. B. Dailey, QC., “one has to search the darkest and bloodiest days of Irish history.” The manner in which the case was hurried through by the Grown was simply in famous The counsel for the prosecu tion got their statements in at the early part, of the week, when the jurymen were fully awake and able to understand what was said to them. When the de fence came on the Court sat for forty hours with only five and a-half hours intermission. The prisoners, tired out, slumbered fitfully in the dock, some of the lawyers dozed, and even the jurymen found it difficult to keep their eyes open continuously. When an adjournment was applied for at midnight by one of the counsel for the defence, lie was told that unless the trial proceeded the jury would be kept over Sunday. And so the trial went on until the nine prisoners were found guilty and sen tenced to death. The judge who pre sided at the trial and sent the lads to the gallows quite recently lent the light of his countenance to a solemn enquiry as to the authenticity of Mrs Mellon’s ghosts and was laughed at. The same judge sent George Dean to the gallows, but he has escaped that ignominious termination to his existence, and is in gaol for life, unless the present proceed ings end in the acquittal of the crime he has been convicted of. So far as the investigation before the Royal Com mission has proceeded the moral char acters of Mrs Dean and her mother have not come out spotless, but as the1 case is “sub judice” I will not make any further comment at this stage be yond remarking that Judge Windeyer must feel a little uncomfortable in the light of recent disclosures. A good deal of publicity has been given recently to the proceedings of cer tain individuals in Melbourne who have been canvassing for advertisements for country newspapers with which they had not the remotest connection. As the “ modus operandi ” has been pretty fully exposed it is unnecessary to go into details in this letter, but I will relate one instance in which the chief of this bogus newspaper agency figured a day or two since. He had obtained an order for a one inch advertisement in fifty country newspapers for twelve months for the sum of JS3 (£50 would be about a fair price for same), and the advertiser under pressure paid the first quarter in advance ; but as he was not one of those confiding business dupes who are satisfied with the assurance that “your advertisement is being inserted regularly in all the papers,” he took the trouble some time after he had given the order to examine the journals in which his advertisement was to have appeared. Needless to state he examined in vain, and in a very angry mood proceeded to the office of the so- called association. Although he had been drawn into the spider’s web he discovered on this occa sion that Mr Spider’s parlor was not easily accessible. There were minor spiders about ready with all manner of excuses for their chief (who possibly was absent weaving his web for other flies), but this advertiser was deter mined not to be baulked and stamping the floor in a manner which made the minor spiders tremble he declared that if a satisfactory explanation was. not forthcoming in an hour there would be big trouble. In less than half that time the chief was in the advertiser's office urging in non-appearance of the adver tisement that there had been unavoid able delay. But when he was con fronted with evidence that many of the newspapers on his list would have noth ing to do with him he pleaded for clemency and offered to pay back the 15s that afternoon. This was certainly a case of complete reversal of the usual order of things—the spider trembled ; and not the fly. However, the prof fered money was not accepted. The . gentleman referred to has placed himself in communication with other Melbourne 1 advertisers who have been drawn int the web, and it is probable if not toler ably certain that the days of “ the ring ” are drawing to a close. The recent divorce case Synnot' v. Synnot wa3 remarkable" from the fact' that a number of people swore positively that the respondent Mrs Synnot, whose moral character was proved to be stain less, resided with her daughter ir. a house of ill-fame in Carlton during the year 1884. Twelve witnesses, including four policemen, swore positively to this. Originally twenty-nine witnesses, who had identified a photo of Mrs Synnot taken 23 years previously as being iden tical with the respondent in the Divorce proceedings, were subpoenaed by the petitioner, but the majority of them on being confronted with Mrs Synnot in person could not identify her. Another strange feature was that the twelve wit nesses who swore so positively to the lady end also to the photo referred to above could not identify a photo taken in the latter part of 1893 just before Mrs Synnot’s departure for England. ihe evidence against Mrs Synnot, at the first blush, appeared to be very strong, but her solicitors, knowing that it could not possibly be true, instructed Mr P. J. Sheehan, the chief of Lloyd’s Detective Agency, to make investiga tions with the object of ascertaining whether the whole case for the petitioner was a huge conspiracy or a remarkable case of mistaken identity. These inves tigations speedily put a fresh aspect on the case. It was ascertained that a Mrs Synnot actually did live in the house in Carlton during 1884 ; that a well - known member of the “ demi monde,’’ named Alice Synnot, not in any way connected with the respondent or petitioner’s family, who bore a cer tain resemblance to the respondent’s photo taken in 1883, resided in the neighbourhood in 1882 and 1883. 