ipia^to^ % #03DE iSGLO-COLONIAL : ' : ? {From our Special Correspondent.! ??- ?'? London, April 26, 1895. * The Agents-General, Sir George Grey, and ♦ very large and influential gathering of city . ^Stagnates met under the agis of the London Chamber of Commerce in Cannon-street Hotel .yesterday afternoon to hear the New Zealand Treasurer, the Hon. J. G. Ward, deliver an address on the commerce and finances of that colony. In the course of his 'speech Mr. Ward took occasion to remark on toe depression in the Australias, and to express a nnn oeuei that it was but temporary. ? The rumor that Sir William Cleaver Kobin son -will succeed Sir Malcolm Fraser as Agent : General for West. Australia seems almost too good to be true. Sir Malcolm is a capital fellow and a ' genuine rough diamond. ' But ** rough diamonds' have become almost too numerous amongst our antipodean repre sentatives latterly. The polished article would be a refreshing change. South Australia's determination to look after the inscription of her own stock has reacted on New Zealand in a very curious way, enabling the Hon. J. G. Ward to effect a great financial stroke, which but for Mr. JPlayford's hint he might never have achieved. We know now (at least I do, for the news is as yet a profound secret on this side) that the 2few Zealand Treasurer's mission to the old country was a loan of the conventional million and a half, and that he came himself to negotiate it in the hope of securing specially 'favorable terms. The difficulty, no doubt, in the way was to find an inducement suf ficiently powerful to persuade the Bank of England and its finn.np.inl allies to throw the great weight of their backing and prestige into the scale and to lend active assistance. South Australia's departure supplied the requisite suggestion. Even the Old Lady of Thread needle-street could not afford to see the mag nificent sum per annum paid by New Zealand for the inscription of stock vanish into thin air without wincing. At any rate we may, I think, fairly infer that when Mr. Ward notified the intention of his colony to follow Mr. Playford's lead and have the work done cheaper elsewhere, the governors remonstrated. 'Well,' the Treasurer would say, 'What good have you ever done us. We pay through the nose for your supposed counsel and countenance ; what have we gained by it? Had you at any time helped us genuinely in our financial operations the position would be different.' To this one supposes the bank replied, ' Well if we liavn't helped you in the past we will in the future. What do you want f Lengthy negotiations followed, and finally the bank and its friends guaranteed the success of a 3 per cent, loan, the minimum being fixed on terms (I do not know the exact figure yet) extraordinarily favorable to the colony. Of course this is a great financial stroke on the part of the New Zealand Treasurer, none of the Australasian colonies having ever before achieved a 3 per cent. loan, and providing the bank are as good as their word and make the issue a success it wOl mark a new era in loans and conversions. r 'If New Zealand can fix-up a 3 per cent. loan, why shouldn't we ?' the South Australian Government may presently enquire. 'Well, I suppose you could,' would be my ?^ply* 'hut there would be a risk (unless you had some big bank behind you to get it under written) of a fiasco.' Mr. Playford's retraction of inscription, business, which had by virtue of custom become a banking perquisite, has naturally excited hostility, and if only to prevent other colonies following South Aus tralia's example, the banks would like to give your colony a financial slap in the face. * 'We may be able to show Mr. Playford presently we are not such ciphers as he reckons,' a leading broker remarked to me rather viciously, and no doubt the next issue of a South Australian loan will be made a trial of strength between the Agent-General and the bankers and brokers. On the other hand in estimating New Zea land's coup one must not overlook the heavy price they are paying for it. The Bank of England have reduced their charges for the inscription of stock £100 per million, which means a saving of £5,000 a year. Eut if the plan of transferring the work' to the Bank of New Zealand had been carried out the colony would Jiave saved not £5,000 but £15,000 a year. Need I point out this takes some of the gilt off the 3 per cent, gingerbread. Mr. Alexander Wyllie, B.Sc, winner of the Angas Engineering Scholarship at the Univer sity of Adelaide in 1892, tenable for three years at £200 per annum, after a tuccessful cpurse at the Central Technical College, South Kensington, and pupilage to the Electric Con struction Company, London, has just gained thepost of chief engineer to the Corporation of walsall, Staffs. He has to erect there an installation of electric light and remain in charge. I may add that Mr. Wyllie is a man of exceptional ability, and his career is really a great credit to himself and to the Adelaide University. He had hoped to have returned to the colony as contemplated by the donor of the scholarship, but he found, when just ready, that the Adelaide Corporation was not pre pared to adopt the electric light. The council of the Adelaide University seems to be in a fair way to make a pretty hash over the appointment of a classical master to that institution. Why after retaining Pro fessors Lamb and Wilkins to act in conjunc tion with the Agent-General to select a likely trio out of the EngEsh applicants for the £S00 post they should deem it expedient to have before them all the applications is beyond one's comprehension. The three recommended were Jttessrs. iMward Uensly, Middleton, and Somers — all Cambridge M.A.'s, and each well worthy to be classical master of Adelaide University. Of the three, however, it ?was expected that Mr. Bensly would find favor with the council, for he not _ only combined intellectual capacity with a splendid physique and a charming manner, but possessed testimonials of a particularly high character and the warm admiration of Mr. David Murray. Mr. Bensly's friends, I may remark, are somewhat, surprised at his willingness to expatriate him self for £GO0 a year, and think that a man of his attainments could do much better at home. At present he is studying in Italy, and will remain there pending the council's decision.. So far as the English applicants are concerned I do not see how the council can go beyond the three men indicated, for I understand that when the Agent-General received the request to forward the rejected applications he 'had already sent back to the unlucky ones their testimonials, &c;, and had only retained justthe forms of application. The council can scarcely make a selection upon these alone. [Mr. Bensly was appointed. — Ed.] It will be a long time before Sir James Fergusson can shake his reputation free of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile fiasco. At Manchester last week, when addressing his constituents, he was asked 'Whether the stability and prosperity of the Empire de pended _ on the promotion of bubble com panies?' To this the right hon. gentleman replied that he never belonged to a bubble company. As to the New Zealand Loan Company, he was glad to take that opportunity of saying that there was nothing he ever did as a director which, with his knowledge at the time, he did not believe he was right in doing. When ho became a director of the New Zea land Loan Company and the Bank of New Zealand they were institutions of the highest standing, and were doing an immense amount of good. From Australia he went to India, and on his return he ?was asked to join those companies. Times had changed, owing to a fall in the value of property, and loans of 40 per cent, on the value of property had proved unprofitable. He was not going to desert the companies though he was a Minister of the Crown at that time. He continued to do hiB best for them, but he regretted to say he was a very heavy loser himself by having had to pay thousands of pounds in calls. He only wished be had been able to pay enough to compensate anyone who had lost under his management, but he had nothing -whatever to be ashamed of. The small consignment of South Australian fruits per P. & O. steamer Rome proves pretty conclusively that grapes and pears will not stand a prolonged sea voyage, but that apples carefully picked, packed^ and carried can be landed here fresh and blooming. The Rome fruit consisted of but six cases of grapes, five boxes of pears, and 24 of apples. Of these the grapes and pears and 18 cases of the apples were consigned to Mr. Burney Young for sale, the remaining six_ cases of apples being sent per vour commissioner to friends of the exporter. The pears and apples were at once put into the hands of Messrs. N. White and Co., of Coyent Garden, for disposal by auction. The apples were put up on Wed nesday afternoon, but the pears, alas ! were ' entirely unfit for publication.' There was not a sound bite to be got out of {the five cases. For electioneering purposes they would have been most effective, but for any other purpose they were quite useless. In fact the men [ who opened the cases for your Agent- General's and Mr. Young's inspection handled them gingerly as boxes of dynamite. The pears, I understand, were originally fine specimens of the Beurreclairgean variety. Whether this species is specially tender or no I have no means of judging, but I may remark that Sir Edwin Smith managed to bring some pears from Adelaide on the occasion of his last visit home which were not only sound and eatable on arrival, but in every way grateful to my palate. If I remember aright Sir Edwin's ex periment was made with a variety called the 'Winter Cole,' and the time of their arrival would be about June, I fancy. Regarding the apples — the 18 cases comprised four varieties, viz., Bibston Pippins, Cox's Orange, New York Pippins, and 'Melons.' The first named were well selected as to size and packed ham they should he, bob bad^ftpfceurittisfttfeir coJarlywelL They sold at 8s. per case. The Core Orange were also remarkably even as to mze, but turned out ratter soft, as did the Melons. The New Yorks opened up.in grand order, and realised the very satisfactory rate of 12s. 6d. per case. The prices made on Wednesday, I may remark, are hardly a fair criterion owing to the smaUness of the parcel. When the Austral's shipment is auctioned we shall be able to judge much better, both as to the carrying capabilities of different species and the buyers' estimation of their values. Probably the consignment will be divided for sale between Messrs. White and Messrs. Keeling and Hurst, of the Monument Market. The latter firm have charge of the Eome parcel of grapes. These will be sold some tune to-day, Dut having inspected them I anticipate very miserable prices. They have not carried at all well ; in fact, the very reverse. The first case opened contained a black grape, packed in small boxes, eight to the case. At the best this grape, whatever its name, would not make a good price here, having neither size nor flavor to recommend it. The grapes in the case in question, however, were m bad order, the surface fruit of the bunches being shrivelled for the most part ('wilted' some people would call them), whilst the under grapes were partly rotten. And the white Doradilla cases opened up in very little better order. This grape also has no pretensions to class, and in my humble opinion has nothing to recommend it above the ordinary Almeiras, which we can buy at 6d. to 8d. a pound retail throughout the winter. These Almeiras, I may mention, will keep good for months in barrels filled with cork sawdust, such as was used for the Adelaide consignment, so it would seem that the varieties per the Rome failed to stay the distance from one or other, or from a combination of these causes: — (1) They were packed too ripe, (2) were packed too tight, (3) were carried at a wrong tempera ture^ (4) are not endowed with the necessary keeping qualities. From my own observa tions^ fancy reasons Nob. 2 and 4 had more to do with the failure of the consignment than anything. But in conclusion let me remark I do not believe that South Australia can suc cessfully supply the home f rait market with soft fruits or any description. The apples privately sent were lying in the same ware house as the grapes, and were opened for Mr. Young's inspection in my presence. Firstcamea caseof Dunn'sSeedlings, nicelypacked, andgood level-sized fruit, all of which had borne the journey welL This is an apple which should cpmmand a very good price, providing condi tion on arrival is equal to the trial case and the flavor is on a par with the look of the fruit. The second case opened was marked 'Cleo- patra,' and though packed naked, i.e., minus paper, in ti-tree, the fruit was in fine order. Evidence of careful picking and selection was disclosed by the regularity of size and freedom from blemish in the fruit in this case alBo. Next came a case of ' Jonathons,' a beautiful red-cheeked apple, whicn made me long to follow the example of someone who bad handled the boxes prior to ware* housing, but Mr. Young refused to ' look the other way,' and I remained honest. The 'Jonathons,' a close inspection showed, had carried splendidly, and, as in the preceding cases, each apple was like its neighbor as peas in a pod. I have seen some hundreds of bushels of Australian, Tasmanian, and New Zealand apples opened up, but never a case which contained better conditioned fruit than this one. If the exporter's 'free list' is not quite ' full up' I should prefer 'Jonathons' to any other, on the score of appearance alone. As to flavor I am as yet ignorant, 'pon honor ! So good all round were these ' not for sale' cases that I am sorry they did not find the way to the saleroom. But I understand fromMr. Youngthatthe Austral's consignment, which should be to hand almost immediately, contains several cases of each variety from 'the same source, which will be for sale. Providing they are equal to their predecessors these cases should make very good prices, especially as Tasmanian supplies are not coming to hand in first-rate order. Amongst the goods Mr. Young has received lately for disposal on this market is a consign ment of about 7 tons of tinned- mutton from Mr. L. Courad. Your commissioner has intro duced the meat to several people in the trade, and his report is that it is in nice con dition, well packed, and suitably labelled. The meat when turned out seems a' little dark in color, but has an excellent flavor. As yet, of course, wo have no means of judffinj? how Mr. Conrad$enterprise will be rewarded. The British housewife has at present a wonderful variety of tinned viands to choose from, but tinned mutton is not often seen nowadays in metropolitan shops. It has gone out of fashion, which is not to be wondered at seeing the low price of the fresh (frozen) article. But there are plenty of people who won't cook unless they are compelled to do so, and to these Mr. jConrad's mutton will perhaps take the place' of 'a long-felt want,' providing it can be retailed at a low rate. I ?wish him every success and promise to recom mend his wares to my friends. In the current Colonies and India there appears aii excellent portrait of Mr. E. Burney Young, together with an appreciation of your produce commissioners services to South Australia in connection with the wine industry. Message * of congratulation from Australia and the United States were received by the venerable Dr. Martineau in large numbers on the occasion of his 90th birthday last Sunday. I have referred to the circumstances of this interesting anniversary at some length in 'London Table Talk,' but may give here the aged and yet mentally vigorous divine's reply to his wellwishers. He says : — ' The gracious and affectionate terms of your resolution move me too profoundly for any adequate reply. In the retrospect of 90 years there is a pathetic mixture of gratitude for ample opportunities and humiliation for in significant performanses. The habitual pres sure of the latter is the only cloud tbat overhangs my declining path. Mv friends — as if they caught sight of the shadow and understood it — try to assure me, as they gather around me at the close of my last decade, that the labor of so many seasons has not been all in vain. If to some few souls the meaning of life has indeed become clearer, its possibilities nobler, its sanctities deeper, its im mortality surer, through the simple report of my own experience, 1 thank the Father of Lights for thus joining me in love — be it only to two or three brethren in spirit, and children of His.' The appointment of Archdeacon Farrar to the Deanery of Canterbury will, I imagine, put an end to his projected lecturing tour in your part of the would. To be candid, I ?don't think you miss much. Dr. Farrar is, of course, a show preacher, and one of the Broad Church's principal pulpit orators, but his style is too florid for my taste. Anyhow, despite his squeaky voice and audacious eccen tricities, I would 50 times rather hear your present visitor, little 'dot -and -go-one Haweis.' You wince as he begins, but the excellence of bis matter soon makes you alto gether overlook his manner. Sir Henry Loch has, I heard it stated yester day on fairly good authority, been offered and refused the Governorship of New South Wales. Of literary Watsons there seem no end and if Philistines get confused amidst their various identities 'tis unreasonable to carp. Everyone of course knows William Watson, the poet, and — some hope — our future laureate. He is a Dicky -Sam, otherwise a Liverpudlian, and so at the present is the Revd. John Watson, alias 'Ian Maclaren,' who was duly dined and re spectfully worshipped by the Authors' Club last night. Malcolm Watson, the playwright, should be familiar to you as the author of 'The Pharisee' and other successes, and all colonists are proud to own the New Zealand novelist, H. B. Marriott- Watson. The latter's friends like best the eaiiy work he did when J. M. Barrie played Damon to his Pythias, and the New Zealander himself was the trusted friend and counsellor of scores of good fellows. That was before be took up with the decadent clique, who swear by (and let us hope occasionally at) Charles Wbibley, and wrote dismal storyettes for that quarterly sink of sex-maniac abominations, the Yellow Book. Finally, I come to the last, or rather latest, of the literary Watsons, a lady about to bring out a volume of verse en titled ' Vespertilia.' She was erstwhile known to the select public who relish the great works of the Bodley Head bardlets as Graham R. Toinson, but having linked her life to that of the author of the 'Web of the Spider' prefers now to be called Rosamund Marriott- Watson. The title poem, if I remember aright, recently appeared in one of the magazines. I was somehow under the impression that good Mrs. Besant and her bamboozling allies, the Al&hatmas;, did not make many converts in your part of the world, but an interview with the returned leeturess in the Chronicle rather contradicts this. view. Mrs. Besant says indeed the colonial Theosophiats were sufficiently numerous to organise into a section, and that they and the English section are backing her demand for au explanation from the wily W. Q. Judge of the sorry conjuring tricks and petty fooling exposed in the West minster. Mrs. Besant's attitude towards the latter journal has undergone a somewhat strik ing change. She is now grateful to Mr. Garrett (author of 'Isis Very Much Un veiled') for giving her an opportunity to defend her seeming insincerity and gulli bility. The lady can bear the insinua tion (never really seriously advanced) that she dishonestly connived with Judge to deceive_ robustly credulous disciples, but the suggestion that she, too, was completely fooled by that apostle touches her on the raw. Mrs. Besant wishes us to know that she got her first positive proof of Maliatmas in 1889 before she met the wily Judge at all. From 1889 she both saw the Master frequently, and he talked to her, taught her, and told her what was to happen. This prophetic ghost, for example, forewarned Mrs. Besant of her comrade Brad laugh's death, which occurring somewhat suddenly would otherwise have come to her as a terrible shock. A sceptic suggests that, after all, far the easiest way lot Mra. Besant to justify «t once her commonsense and her Mahatma would be for the latter to give us through her mouth Bundry sample prophesies. If they came off we should be greatly impressed, and might even be convinced. But the Queen of Theosophy shakes her head. ' If they believed not H. P. Blavatsky and her miracles, neither would they credit my Mahatma and his mighty works. We should be mocked at.' I thought that quite possible myself. . You may have noticed that in one particular all spirits, ghosts, familiars and Mahatmas are alike. Though they can and do prophesy the most as tonishing facts . to their disciples, and though the disciples are constantly boast ing of , their fulfilled predictions, theyjiever give outsiders a chance of conversion. It is always after the opera — I mean the prophecy — is over one hears about it. Moreover, when a too enterprising shade does venture to prophesy publicly he or she or it comes to grief, oftener than not, like a mere mortal. On dit, a cool ness has arisen between Mr. Stead and his Julia owing to this up-to-date spook having with lamentable confidence tipped Cloister for the Grand National. The Review of Reviews staff loyally stood by the office ghost, and backed Mr. Duffs mare. What happened when she was taken mysteriously ill and scratched deponent knoweth not. I suspect, however, the dupes of Julia's sportive fancy used unreportable expressions. So the wily old imperator of impresarios has 'bagged Mr. Frederick Villiers, the Admirable Crichton of war correspondents, on bis way home from China, and you will hear all about the Japs and their fighting customs before even the Savages do. Mr. Viiliers is, or was, a capital lecturer, and should Chino Japanese matter fall short he has half a score or so of other campaigns to draw upon. A reform for which our persevering Henni ker Heaton has long agitated is about to be adopted by the Post-Office, and henceforth the date stamps on all letters will show Jhe hour the mail is dispatched in plain figures. Sir Robert Hamilton, whose long illness terminated fatally on Monday last, was a man from whom at one time much was expected, but just as his career seemed blossoming he buried his talents in the Tasmanian vice royalty, and when he returned our politicians 'knew not Joseph.' iy -health supervened, and at 58 the ex- Governor and UnderSecre tary for Ireland lies dead. Sir Robert had any amount of pluck and showed it incon testably. Acting on the advice of Mr. Patehett Martin Lady Sherbrooke has presented the British Museum with the rare files of the Atlas newspaper, published in Sydney, 1844-5. The principal articles are initialled with their writer's names in pencil by Lowe himself, which — apart from otherconsiderations — makes the volumes unique and very valuable. 