FKOPIiE SAY' — Who is it that wo fain wosld see, " ' Asd sit his coming thankful bo. Although wo lower bis Kitry ? b Our Guv'nor. Wliocmst bo rich nnd .yet not dear, A f aU-Uown wcaltliy JSritish pitjr, Tet is do far sad not so near ? Our Guv'nor. That Psrkes's constituents intend suiking' him to retire. That tho ghost is tho .funny mr.a of tho Murrurundi Times. That tlio ghost is looking f? r Parkes's majority. That Parkes njid Dibbs will quarrel again sooner than later. That tho labor MP. raises himself by industry—tho industry of others. " That the Scono Advocate need not be jealous because Sing-eton has got a ghost. That it cost £10 for royal salutes on Queen's Birthday. Pour hundred sixpenny dinnors. That a woman's suffrage meeting gets aa near to being Babel as any thing can. That the Premier at last is beginning to lose his temper. Ho could better spare his adiposity or his eye-glass. That, when tho Muswellbrook papers make friends, tho churches will ba re-united. That there is to be a regatta at Muswellbrook. Competitors will mostly walk. That Wise, M.P., has tho support of tho Quirindi Gazette. This is the antithesis to a ring in his nose. That the Sultan c£ Turkey has apologised to the Powers. But unless he apologises to the Tenteriield Star, Europe will not he satisfied. That tho Prince of Wales has con gratulated Grace on his cricket. Several Sydney players nre now ex pecting complimentary telegrams. That the Queen's health is causing the Glen Innes Guardian anxiety. It does not trouble about Parkea'a cold or Dibbs's sprained ankle. That Lyne.M.P., resents the alliance of his party with Parkes. So long as that alliance lasts, Lyne cannot hope for a leadership. That Lyne, M.P., has been given a gold watch and a banquet at Corowa. The cold fowl and ham were -.veil gilded. That the Evening Srtcs thinks Lyne. M.P., relies upon his imagina tion for his tacts. A polite nay of putting it. That there has beou a_ monster meeting at Tumbulgura. This uoiiid be interesting if we knew where Tuuibu'gum is. That a boa constrictor has laid a batch of egg? in Manchester. Thi* is cheating tlie Scone Atlcoate out of its patent rights. That several M*s.P- are opposed to the abolition of the duties ou soap. Seeing how litTle the duties affect them, this is selfish. T!ia<" one ot the gentlemen ?who welcomed Davitt to Melbourno said hia mother was au Irishman. We almost believe it. That Ellin, M.P., objects to being called a tumor" by tlie Premier. lie may be a swell, but he is not a swelling. That the Tenterfinid Star has an article oil " Shakspore's noiis-eiis-V* Winch is wisdom coin pared to its leaders. That Parkes and Dibbs arc both feeble on their feet. But this is not so dangerous to them as the slips they make with their tongues. That a man nearly caught a whale off Sydnoy Heads. This is evidentiy a paragraph from the Murrurundi Times adapted to suit Sydney. That a man's neck was broken iv a football match at I)ubbo. Pootba'.l wiil now take the place of hanging iv cases of capital punishment. That, if Copeland wants n battle a-sre, he will find one ou several bottles in tho Parliamentary Itc-freshment Bar. That the Austntlian Workman calls Wise "an impotent sneer on tho face of politics." Incisive, and not in accurate. That ihe IJev. Cook has made 3*>o conversions in Armidale. That of tho Express, however, gives him more joy tiian the 20!) others. That bread has risen in Tasuworth. This does not trouble the JVetcs. It does not live on bread alone. Indeed, it lets bread a good deal alone. That the Invereli paper describes a concert as "a singing battle." The performers, no doubt, wrestle with their work. That cribbage tournaments are popular in Wallsend. They are nicer than football. Plenty of language, but no danger. That the telaniograph transmits drawings by telegraph. The trans mission of news is dene by the teliietograph. That a man has been committed for trial for forging a pass to a Sydney theatre. We have Sydney actors who should have got six months for the way they played. That Parkes sneers at scientific freetrade; and I.yue believes in scientiiie protection. There is as much science iv the pair a3 there is in a tree stump. That there are 10,000 professional musicians iv London. These cau be endured. It is the girl whoso father has given her a piano instead of a wash tab who afflicts us. That Judge Windeyer has been entertained at a conversazione. Neither Mrs Seymour's nor Mrs Mellon'a names were among those present. That a debating club is to be started in Murrurundi. The lirst subject to be discussed will be " the weather,*' which is the only question of local interest. That tho jluswellbrook Chronicle thinks tho Register has not got sense enough to teach a tame billy-goat how to lick out an empty jam tin. This is duo of the amenities of journalism. 