JACKS AND MAGS [EV HCGH KALTPTCS.] The ohher morning I saw, sitting disconsolately upon a slate etep at the back entrance of the Criminal Court, a youthful, utterly unsophisticated laughing jackass, and I never eaw so human an expression of weariness of the hollow worid than waB on the f aoe of that juvenile "Kooyanna." He looked like a way- .farer who wanted a butcher of beer badly on a Sunday and found himself pitilessly shut out of a pub by that meroiless Sunday-closing Act and the much harder fact that ke had no money. He hadn't a ghost of a chuckle—I dearly love and well knov hie hilarious family—I saw he was away from home and friends, and I said in a cherry fashion— " Hullo! Johnny Kooyanna, what's the matter?" He erected his crest in a halfhearted sort of style, and said in Tommy Walker's native lingo—" What namee you oallum this place; no trees, no grubs, no water, all a same deserts along a Mount Stuart," eyeing Mr. Hall's well- gravelled yard and uncompromising brick walls of the cells with a jaundiced eye. "Oh! that's what's the matter, is it! poor little chap. It oerlia>nly is rough on you to sit on a oold hard step and feel like the jackdaw of Rheims, instead of perching on a eucalyptus poking fat grubs out of their holeB with your iron beak. I suppose you can't laugh." " What for you poke fun at me mucka that sort? Bale me laugh, Yousee'um that dry yard, plentee poor fun sitting here looking that one creek bed." "All right, little Jack, I'll see Mr, Hall and (ret him to give you a mate." The little nonlaughing Jaok gave the ghost of a "Hehe-ah-hah-hoo-hoo," and puffed out his feathers with a droll twinkle in his round placid eye and squatted lower down on the step a little less hopeless. There is something so portentously grave and yet so comical about a laughing Jack in hie striped grey euit that I do not know his equal. I have a pair, and they will sit on the edge of a big earthenware pan as judicially oheery of aspect as a J. P. on a Full Court day when Symon and Nesbit are arguing oat a technical point, aid they will let a cheeky sparrow perch near them without, ehowing a sign of life ; but let the sparrow dip his beak in the water, and like a flash Jack has him by the back of the neck, and hopping to a stone hammers him on it till he is a featherless pulp, and then with a burst of demoniac laughter Jack will swallow his viotim and resume his meditations. Can any one tell me why a Jack will ait for hours with a lump of meat or a bird in his beak like a bushman enjoying a dry smoke? There is as much difference between a magpie and a Jack as there is between a walking delegate and a City Coroner. The magpie is here, there, and every where making mischief, creating dissension from morning till night. His imp-likeeye spots the meat thrown Sown, and be is there before the cat; but the solemn, aelf- respecting Jack will hardly oondeaoend to take the titbit offered unless it is thrown at him, when he will oatoh it indifferently in his beak, and hold it for an inquest. The Jack catches openbeaked, th6 magpie on the point. If n Jack were only big enough he would make a capital back-stop, he never misses, and the mag. would field first rate. I admire tlie magpie, but I deeply respect the Jack; he is a gentleman superior to emotion, barring that morning and evening relaxation of bis when he laughs like a circus clown. Last week a friend gave me a magpie, of whose accomplishments I was ignorant, but it soon enlightened me. I put it in an aviary •with two other masts (from the wilderness), who knew only that beautiful wild liquid warbling note whioh I love so much. AB soon as the stranger was settled on the perch one of the wild ones set op the warble, but was cut short and utterly flabbergasted by an emphatic " who're you J" from the stranger, who then whined like a dog and showed off its accomplishments in a style that made the others take a back perch. Is shows the power of superior knowledge. The new mag bosses the show now, and lias the first go at the cutup meat and bread. He takes the right hand at the bar like a Q.C. 