-;O.SSIR A piece of evidence in a Quebec breach ofsmith riage written on it. One night while the defendant was holding Uie plaintiff's hand and whispering tervid words, be popped the her wrist. She was sentimental or shrewd, enough to keep that article out of the wash, and it ha* proved of practical value. TIip proprietors of the Holborn Restaurant in London are responsible for an interesting innovation. A lady shorthand writer and typist has been stationed in the vestibule of the establishment for the purposes of tiding services. The matter is rapidly transcribed by means of a Yost typewriter and handed to a dictator, together with the shorthand notes, should these be required. The pretty young Empress of Japan wears European dress* and looks uncommonly well ia it. Her clothes Bcem to fit her in spite of the obstacles in the way of a perfect fit imposed by Japanese etiquette, which will oot allow any one so low down as a dressmaker to touch the sacred Imperial person. Tbe difficulty dab been got over, according to the Daily Ke*rxt by finding the Empress doable (ia. figarej. 1'he clothes are fitted on the lady with such a truly imperial figure, and sent borne finished to the palace. The poor young Kmpress has a great grief — she has no children. An Austrian journal publishes Rome in teresting particulars respecting the Kmpresn of Russia and her Court. \',\ those with ivhoin she is really intimate her name Alex andra is abbreviated to Alex ; and she makes no secret of her marked preference for the Kngli.th language aud English manners and hbbit*. educated by her giandmolher, the Queen of England, her early training has left an indelible impress U(.on her mind and feel ings. She has not yet succeeded in acquiring [he Russian tongue, and as she habitually epeafcs that of her mother's family, the courtiers feel themselves constrained to learn it for conversational purposes. One of the most remarkable funerals on record took place in the United States lately. It was that of a Miss Bertha Rose, and she was bnried entirely by women. Miss Rose was twenty two at the time of her death. She bad for several years taken tbe deepest interest in women's work. She bad started a woman a dub, tne cardinal tenant of which wait that no meoil-er should ask a man to da anything for her that she could do herself, lo accordance with this rule, and acting on the expressed wish of their president, after her death the club members took charge of Ihe body, prepared itfortbefuDer*!, read the burial service over it, lowered the coffin into the ground* aud then filled up the g*ve with their own hands. An Australian correspondent of Woman writes:— '* I have taken the liberty of for warding to you for publication (if you think fit) a photo of oue of Australia's remarkable women, Mrs. George Smith, of the yacht Skettybelle, who is the wife of a well-known pearl aheller here. She is well-known for her courage as a sailor, and handle? the schooner iu fair weather or foul with great ability. The fleet of pearl sbelliug boats owned bv Mr. Smith has worked between Western Australia, tbe Gulf rf Carpentaria, and Torres Straits, aud Jlre. Smith ia the first white \rauian ever seeu by the natives along these wild shores, where no trader or missionary has ever sec foot as vet. Mrs. Smith not only is capable ni successfully handling her lineband'e yacht, but is also a charming hosteis, and when tha Australian squadron arrived here in August, 1MH, ;i great deal of the responsibility ot the wotnan niovcmeuMhan Emperor William. He is of opinion that the missiun of the weaker sex is to act as the helpma'e to nun, to defer to hiii] iu all tdingii, and to confine herself to purely domestic duties and occupations. All tlie n^w-faniiletl theories with regard to eman cipation utid equality he regards with the same degree of hostility and aversion as he does lotaaliMii and anarchism. Xo one need be surprised, iherefore- to hear chat the leader^, of the woman a emancipation movement in Berlin have been arnsted, brought before. Magistrates, and mulcted in heavy tines fov being members of an uolawfol Society. U seems that in limes gone by, when the New Woman -was an undetermined element, and the f^ir sex content to rcnain subservient to man, -a law was enacted prohibition women aud minors from belonging to any political Society, the women beio*: placed thereby on the s»me intellectual levrl as c hi Urea, ft i* this anticjuatetl statute of the last century that has been resurrected in order to nip iu ilie had i lie woman suffrage agitation in. The tipper circles in Russia at first looked upon i he young Tsarina's expressions of in pa^sinc futi. Now, Vjv her husband's orders. Her Majesty is furnished by the Director Cenoral of Kducattou with periodical repatie on the work doue in the Empress Maria In stitution, which was founded by the Uawager trmpre*s fnr tJir advancement of femaJeednca tion in Russia. When that important func tionary presented his first Teport in person, the young Empress proceeded to cross-exsuMoe him closely on the details of the work, and Soon discovered that he knew nothing of it. The Director now tinds himself in a. somewhat awkward position, having made un elaborate report od the present work of a certain educa tional institution which he has since learnt wu abolished more than two years ago. An indignant American woman has been vigorously using her pen to attack the social shams of America— those of New York in particular. She Bui's : — ' This is the day of a hams. I know ix woman who is supposed to entertain lavishly, yet who rarely receives a. guest, I call her functions 'ghost parties,' because they are only the shadows of the iuary. Why, tliat woman has gained her reputation for entertaining, and htis received no end of dinner invitations on absolutely nothing at all ! I have suspected her tactics for some time, and. now 1 am quite sure that what I assert, is indeed true — that in nine cases out of ten her dinners are purely uuag who is engaged, to whom, and then she asks with no other outlay than her created paper dud dainty seal' 