BREVITIES. Stormy .weather. Heavy rain through Saturday night and yesterda ymoroing, The football match on Baturday af tern oon between the Oity and Lannceston teams was only moderately attended. The game was worth £0 log miles to witness, as the play was excellent. The engagement ended in a draw, hut the City players experienced hard lack, hitting the goal post three times while attempting to notch goals. In marking, kicking, and general com bined work it tvas the best presented to the public for a long time past. The scores were -3ity, 8 goals 10 behind* ; Laon cestoii, 6 goals 6 behinds. As these clubs are topmost on the premier* »hip list they wUl meet again at Elphin on Queen's Birthday afternoon. A great 'go' is expected. Bar silver on Friday at London 2s£ ll-16d per oc. Wintry weather in England ; snow in Kent ; frosts injuring prospects irnit on trees. Biot of Chinese troops at Shanghai ; loot ing the city. Destructive fire at a leather warehouse in Bermondsey, London, damage £200,000. Death of -the Sake of Hamilton, premier . peer of Scotland. Mr D. A, Nichols elected member Devon* port Town Board. Hobart football matches on Saturday— Bailway v Kingston, 12goals Id behinds to 5 goals 7 behinds ; City, 8 goals 10 behinds to North Hobart, 8 goals 1 behind. Bishop Montgomery goes into winter quarters at Bichmond Hill, near Dressy, this week. Mr Mecch, inspector of lighthouses, while at Eddystone split one ol his finger* all to pieces through getting it jambed in a cog-wheel. Glowing accounts given by the Bishop of Tasmania of the loveliness of King Island and the bright prospects of the scttlerB there, who are ' living in clover,' hundreds of acres of it growing luxuriantly. King's MeadowB trotting and pony races were held on Saturday and rather poorly attended. Good, racing was seen. Southerly winds, characteristic of the month of May, were prevalent yesterday. The keen air indicated a fall of snow on the Western Tiers. Detailed confession of Arthur Orton in cludes a visit to Hobart. The ' Old Vet.' right ; more revelations may be expected. A.t London wool sales on Saturday keen competition and firm prices. P. and O. dividend. Preference shares, 6 per cent.; deferred ditto, 7 per cent. Farewell to new Bishop of Adelaide at Cambridge on the 80th Inst. P. and O. dividend, five and seven per cent, on preferred and deferred shares. V.D.L. Bank trustees been served with writ ia respect to Government claim of £70,000 with interest. Mr Michael Davitt, the Irish patriot, welcomed at Melbourne. Mr and Mrs Kildca, new teachers for South Launceston Slate School, farcwcllcd at Franklin. W.. G. Gracc scored 286, Surrey v. War wickshire. Heavy rain at Hobart ; Mount Welling ton co rcrcd with snow. Church parade at Hobart postponed. Large number of followers at late William Bracken's funeral yesterday. Another train casualty on Saturday. Express from Hobart broke down near Tunbridge ; two hours late at Launccston. The Sturgeon, the latest torpedo boat built for the Admiralty, has attained a speed of 28 knots per hour. This was accomplished at a three-hours1 trial on the Clyde. When a fast train from London Bridge was approaching Sydenham station the other day a man deliberately placed his neck on the line and was decapitated by the engine. ihe Hindoos show singular frankness io . making census returns. Among those who were called upon to describe their callings, some designated their means of living as ' village thieves,' ' supported by relatives,' or ' living on loans.' It is estimated tbat cach mile of railway means 12 acrcs of land for permanent way, stations, sidings, and other purposes ; and on this basis the railways of the United King dom Occupy a total surface of nearly 850 Square miles. 'The unprecedented death rate in Eng land, largely due to influcnea, and especially severe upon old people' (says the Medical KewtS ' uas of late in London reached so i high a figure as 86'6, and in Liverpool the ! frightful rate of 65*6 has been recorded.' ? Spain has recently ordered tbat all \- steamers that fly the Spanish flag, or are i: subsidised by that Government, shall in the future carry rone but Spanish engineers. The prevailing practice is to carry at least two British engineers, and formerly all were British. The dog which figured in a pathetic inci dent at the battle of Port Arthur is now in New York, at the apartments of the war correspondent who first saw her lying in the arms of her dead master, refusing to desert her post in all the din and confusion of the battle. Brooklyn has now an institution of which no other American city can boast— a circu lating library for the blind. It comprises i only 800 volumes, but then a blind man's book is at least ten times as bulky as its counterpart in letterpress, and far more than ten times as costly. In the London Metropolitan District there arc employed 4050 postmen, and, taking their daily amount of walking at 12 miles on the average, this would represent an aggregate daily journeying on foot of 48,9G0 miles, a distance equal to twice the circuni I ference of the globe. | Of the gross earnings of the world's roil I ways, three and a quarter billionsof dollars, I the United Slates has a billion and a quarter, I or more than one-third ; England, three hundred and fifty millions, or nearly one ninth ; Germany, three hundred and thirty l eight millions, or something over one-tenth ; I Bnssia, two hundred and seventy millions. I or one-eleventh ; and France, two hundred 1 and thirty millions, or one-thirteenth. S London firms are said to spend over jg £2,000,000 a week in advertising, jg Artificial indiarnbbcr from cotton seed oil ? is one of the latest industrial products. ¥ a- cigarette smoker Bends into the air r 4,000,000,000 particlcs of dust at every puff. The fern vegetation of Jamaica is said to be the richest in the world, comprising be tween 400 and 600 species. Thus far about live miles of a mysterious buried wall in Evergreen township, in Michigan, have been traced. The Japanese believe in ghosts, ard pictorially represent them os pale-faced women, with liair hanging over their eyes. The Sultan of Turkey is sending oat Mohammedan missionaries to Africa, at h'e own expense, to check the Christian advance Injthat continent. 