ST. LUKE'S 'NEW CHURCH. The Foundation Stone. LADY NORMAN PERFORMS THE CEREMONY. One ol the most important functions in connection with the Anglican cause on the Darling Downs, and also in Queensland, took place 011 Wednesday, when Lady Norman performed the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Luke's new church which is to replace the present and somewhat ancient structure used by the congregation for nearly half a century. The day was fine, and though ominous looking clouds gathered over head before the appointed hour, yet apparently with a desire to welcome the auspicious occasion the sun suddenly shone forth, and during the ceremony its rays remained unbroken by the dense cloud masses. A large assemblage gathered to witness the ceremony, and every point of vantage was rushed by the eager onlookers, the majority of whom were con tent to remain standing during the service. Among those present wee many of the old identities of Toowoomba, those who have seen the rise of the 'swanin' from the early days until the. present period when it has assumed the ' capital of the Darling Downs. The ceremony to he performed that day they would look upon with mingled feelings, anil it would serve to impress upon them how swiftly time passes, and that with the sunset of old historic St. Luke's, so came the sunset of their brief existence here. Forty years back — it is not much in the life of a nation, but it is a great deal in the life of so young a colony as Queensland, We look back to the beginning of the church's life in this colony— to the time when the faithful servant of Clod, Canon Glennie, conceived the idea of founding four churches on the Downs, and dedicating them to the four Evangelists, with the re suit that the desire of heart was fulfilled, and churches built at Drayton, Toowoomba, Warwick, and Dalby. The present building is the same slab building, built to meet the needs of fo: ty years ago, though sir.ee then it lias been cased 011 the outside with iron. The fence now standing is the original fence placed round the property. To all, St. Luke's Church must historically be full of interest, and doubly sacred as having formed the first spiritual church for the town of Toowoomba. Vet it must be admitted that what did for forty years ago will hardly answer the present needs of the parish. The unsightly structure a stranger would hardly recognise as a church, and meanness of the building is hardly worthy to be called the House of God. The church, situated in the Ilium niiuvL 111 itJunuwiii'M, ivhm.i mt, ww.»»«w of a parish which numbers over 3000 souls, and the present building, with considerable Inconvenience, is made to seat 250, and can never form the rallying ground of a strong church life which will grapple effectually with the problems and difficulties of lown life. The present Vicar was appointed to St. Luke's in September, iSji, and lie at once saw that if the church was to take its true place in Toowoomba, and St. Luke's be formed into a Parish, capable of developing a vigorous, spiritual life, the key to the whole situation lay in strengthening the centre, and building a larger and better church. The plans were so conceived that 'the church could lie built in two sections, the first por tion to seat 400, and to cost about £4,500. Since then the plans have been slightly altered, and the probable expense reduced by about 1,000. The church, as designed by Mr. J. Buckeridgc, Diocesan Architect, will lie of dignified proportions. It was proposed to raise the required amount over a period of 3 years, and the Vicar led the way by giving his stipend (at present £150 per annum) to the Building Fund for 3 years. After 3 year's steady work the sum of £1,733 4s 2d is to hand, and an additional £1,320 3s id is promised, making in all £3,053 7s 3d. Mr. F. C. Brodribb is deserving of special mention for bis donation of £1,000 towards the fund, and this sum together with the Vicar's donation of £450 comprises nearly one-half of the amount already raised. In November Inst the tender of Mr. Jas. Rcn wiek, one of our leading and best contrac tors, was accepted for the first portion of the work, the amount being £3,575. . TIIE CEREMONY. The arrangements for the function were well carried out. A choir of upwards of 50 voices, together with a capable stringed and brass orchestra aided in the musical portions. Mr. S. Hobson presided at tiie organ anii cuimuuicu mu uiun. i^*ai the platform sat Lady and Sir Hcnrv Norman and Miss Grace Norman. The clergy present were the Vicar (Rev. T. St. J.l\ l'ughe), Bishop Webber (Brisbane). Rev Dr. Black (Drayton), *fcanon Warner (Too woomba), Rcv.T. Jones (Indooroopilly), and Rev. Thatcher (Toowoomba), all attired in their full distinctive robes and vestments. The day began bv a celebration of the Holy Communion at 8 o'clock, at which there was a fair attendance. The service, which was a choral one, was opened by the Rev. Mr. l'ughe, and Canon Warner read the lesson from Ezra III-IO-I2. Ilis Lordship, the Bishop of Brisbane con ducted the latter portion of the service, in cluding the address, l'salms No.'s S4, 122 and 87 were chanted by the choir. The anthem ' How Amiable are Thy Dwellings' was followed by The Nicenc Creed, after which the ceremony of laying the stone was entered upon. The stone, weighing about one and a half tons, stood 011 slings at the north western corner of the building, and was of almost ? ...I.h. 1 fox ( nd ttellin flt'. pure Willie HUC3WMV. companied by Sir Henry, advanced to the platform, and Mr. l'ughe handed to Lady Norman a handsome silver trowel together with a mallet. Her Ladyship having strewn mortar with the aid of the trowel, the stone was fixed in position, and with the aid of a spirit level which was closely scrutinised by Lady Norman was pronounced 'true' whercuport she tapped the huge boulder with her mallet accompanied with the words : — III the faith if .Tenia Christ we place this Komulu-. tion Stone, in the Name of the Father, unit in the Son unit of tho Holy Ghost, Amen. His Lordship then said;— Here let the faith, and fear of God, with brotherly love ever abide; and be this place dedicated unto prayer and unto the invosation and praise of the Most Holy name of the same our Lord Jesus Christ, Who everlivcth, with the Father and the II ;ly Spirit, One God, world without end. Amen. Within a cavity in the stone was inserted by the Rev. T. St. J. P. Pughe immediately before its being laid, a sealed casket con taining copies of the Foundation Service, a list of the subscribers, the church wardens report for the last three years, and a sample of each of the current coins of the realm from the sovereign downwards. There were also placed in the casket that days copy of the 'Darling Downs Gazette,' a copy of the Toowoomba ' Chronicle,' the 'Settler,' and the Brisbane 'Courier.' Tiie silver trowel bore the following inscrip tion:— ' Presented to I.ndy Norman oil tiie occasion of tlio lityin - of tin: Foundation .-tone of St. Luke's Clmreii, Tdnvoomlia, (pieensiand, lSt.ii Mareii, 18U.V' THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. At the conclusion of the ceremony His Lordship delivered a short address. He said the important ceremony in which Lady Not man had taken so memorable a part was not destitute of symbolic meaning. I11 this land we were laying the foundation stone of a nation that was to be, and it was highly important 'that that foundation should be well and truly laid, and if the Christian creed spoke to them of realities then that foundation must be laid in the faith and fear of God. We must look to the Divine will as the great sanction oi human life and conduct. I11 the days gone by in the Old Country the work of foundation laying had been performed by the Church, and as a great English statesman had once stated, and it had been again and again repeated : — 'It was not the nation which founded the church, but it was the church that estab lished the nation.' I11 this country the State had undertaken a certain part of the foundation laying, which in the Old Country was done as he had said by the church. This was carried out by Act of Parliament, and now the State took a very prominent part in laying the foundation in the the way of Education. And therefore those of tlicm who believed that the true foundation of a nation was not in secular but in religious teaching, desired that simple bible teaching should be introduced into our State schools. And so long as this work of Education was not undertaken by the State there was the more reason for the church to be up and doing. It was of the greatest importance to tli cm that this foundation of the nation should be laid as truly and well as it was important that the stone laid that day should be truly laid. He had been asked, could such a ceremony as that which they had witnessed that day take place in a season like Lent ? But surely there could not be a more fitting time, for wasit not commemorative of Christ's passion, and was not the founda tion of the Church then laid and planted. Was it not .by our Master, Christ's passion, by His great sacrifice, that we had laid tho foundation of the Church that is now. His Lordship then made a strong appeal for assistance towards building the new church. 1-Ie urged all to work heart in heart and hand in hand to carry out tho noble work. Only part of the building was being com pleted, and he regretted the whole structure could not be finished forthwith. But he urged them to give as freely as they could afford, and work unitedly in raising to God the noble edifice. The hymn, ' Church's one Foundation ' was then sung as as tho offertory was made and the service concluded with the Bene diction, pronounced by the Bishop. The offertory was not as large as the occa sion demanded. Some seemed to hardly realise that which was 110 ordinary event in the history of the town. Possibly for those who attended the service the offering was a liberal 011c ; hut what' was most noticeable was the absence of a great number of the leading townspeople. It is earnestly to be hoped that in the process of time a wider public spirit will prevail. The town can hardly hope to progress if those who are able do not support a public movement, which has been initiated in so liberal spirit by sonic ol our townspeople. The amount of the the offertory was as follows : — 23 Cheques ? £So 7 o Notes ? 700 Gold ? 15 ° o Silver ? 22 10 3 Copper ? 006 Total ? £12+ 17 9 During the interval while the Offertory was being taken, the orchestra gave a most effective rendering of the ' Silver Trumpet March.' 'AT HOME' AT NGNUORA. After the service a large number of people availed themselves of the general invitation given by the Vicar to come to 'Nundora.' It was rather a difficult matter to supply the needs of sonic 200 guests who suddenly came upon the scene ; lint many willing hands were soon handing round the tea and refreshment*. The grounds looked charming and the scene was enlivened by the many groups of people who sought out eoscv corners or rested quietly on the lawn. The Gordon Brass Band, assisted by Mr. Kretch mar, kindly gave their services, and coil, siderably added to the enjoyment of the afternoon. SOCIAI. TO THE WORKERS. The ladies of the Parish; under Mrs. Button's able management, had a sump tuous repast ready by 7 o'clock at the School of Arts. Most of the men working on the building availed themselves of the invitation and some brought members of their families. After tea and a quiet 'smoke.' Mr. W. II. Groom gave an interesting retrospect of the history or St. Luke's Church, and for which the Bishop thanked him. The social was opened by the Gordon Band playing an overture. Mr. II. Burnell sang ' The Castle Gate ' effectively ; Mrs. C. Fortescue gave a sweet rendering of ' Our Hands have Met ' ; Mr. Haskew convulsed the audience by his comic songs; Miss E. Kenyon, as usual, had her hearers thoroughly in sympathy ; Master Rodney Ramsbotham in the ' Better Land ' showed he possessed a rich and powerful voice . Mr. F. Boyce was as good as ever in the Indian Club Swinging; and Mr. A. Joseph on 'the light fantastic toe' in the hornpipe, brought down the house. The ' sing song ' closed by Mr. F. Burnell singing ' Home Boys Home,' in which the audience and band joined lieai tily. The Vicar of St. Luke's, before the even ing closed rose and thanked all the ladies and gentlemen who had done so much to make the evening pass off so happily. They were only cm tying out the tradition of the past, and showing that when help was I wanted in the parish it was always forth coming. He wished to express his pleasure I at seeing the men at work oil the building I present, and! was glad to feel that they had spent a happy evening together. He did not believe in ' wetting the stcne.' They had seen the evils of drink, and had known men and families ruined by it, and he for one felt there should ? lie reform in this direction, and would not carry out any old custom if likely to lead to harm. He was glad tiie work was there for tlicm, and hoped they would feel the true dignity of the labor they had in hand. It was no ordinary meeting house they were building. It was the ' House of God ' and would stand for all ages as a witness of their faith and devo tion. When he had gazed on many of the beautiful churches of the old land he hail often wished he could have seen the vision of tiie workers. They seemed to have put a heart and soul into their work. So too they would pass away, but their work would live when their names were forgotten. He once read a story of a boy who delighted in doing all work perfectly, and wrote on a table lie had made the ..laxim his father had taught him — ' Goo ! work lives on forever.' Long years after, in a moment of discour agement, a weary heart saw his perfect wora and read the maxim and became fired with a new hope. Possibly they were discouraged and inclined to think their work trivial and commonplace, but they should realise that it mattered little what a man's work was as long as lie did it nobly and well. The work of the man wiio carried the mortar could he as nobly carried out as though he were the Premier of the land. Robert Browning had beautifully taught this lesson in a simple little story, embodied in one of his poems, The boy Tlieocrite worked hard and well and while he laboured be sang ' Praise God '. A monk passes by, and hears the buy and says : ' Well llollC. 1 diiulit lint thou art la-aril liiv sun As well us if thy voice to-day AVcrc praising God the Pope's ureal way.' A spirit of discontent ceases the boy and I he explains : ' Would God that I Might praise Him that great way and die ' Tiie wish of the boy is granted. He be comes a priest and eventually Pope. With what result. The poet tell us. The grand harmony of the workers is broken in discord. ' God missed his little human praise.'' The whole of creation's chorus stopped. Note the sequel. The angel Gabriel appears before the new Pope and bids hint ' Go lurk iiud praise avail) the early way. Baek to the cell and dull employ. Resume the eraftsmau ami the hoy.' He returns to the simple work. A new Pope reigns. They both die together and 'seek God side by side.' It was a simple story, but one which enshrined a great truth, and taught the true dignity of labour. He trusted they one and all would feel the greatness of the work they were engaged in, and do all to the glory of God. At the close of the evening refreshments were again served, and Mr. Hobart, in the name of those who were working on the I building, most warmly thanked Mr. l'ughe and the ladies for tile kind way they had been entertained. lie had worked 10130 years as a mason in Queensland, and had never before seen such good work put into any building. THE NEW liUll.DIXG The first portion of the new Church, which is now being built, is the west end, up to the intersection of the transepts. The second portion will include the transepts and chancel, which ends in an apsidal termina tion. The style adopted by the Diocesan architect, Mr. J. 11. Buckeridgc, is the early English of the lancet period. The style is well adapted for this climate. The narrow windows admitting sufficient light, while excluding the full blaze of the sun. The complete Church will lie most dignified, and a noble example of church architecture. The line of arches runs the full length of the building and round the apse. The present por'ion will contain 10 piers which rise to a height of iSft before the springing of the arch. The interior height of building will be 50 feet. The length of the first portion is about go feet and the breath 50, and it will be capable of seating 400 people. The interior when complete with slender and lofty pillars, pointed arches, and well poised roof, will vividly depict the chief characteristics of the early English period. The exterior may be thought by some to be plain, but it will have a solidity and dignity which cannot fail to appeal to all. The words of the beautiful hymn sung at the service will express the spirit which has inspired those who have taken the work in hand. Fair shall lie Tliitie earthly temple ; JUTO 1 11 L jmr-^Ur-UV Shall lictlmik him, in his beauty, or the holler house on hiirli; Weary heart* ami troubled spirits Here shall tinil a Milt Tetryat ; Sinful souls shall bring their burden Here to the Ahsulver's feet. The Vicar of St. Luke's and those working with him have with much faith and wisdom looked far into the future. The whole Church, to seat 700, is well thought out, and there is enough work lor the next three generations, The tower for lie west end will be 190 feet. That is not likely to be taken in hand yet, unless the unexpected happens, and someone endows the town with so striking a monument. The second portion may be built sooner than some | might think. The Rev. J. Vosper spoke a few weeks back of the great step in the past twelve years the Church of St. Luke had made. ' The progress had been marvellous. When 12 years previously he had taken up the work afresh, the church had been closed for some years, his first service was attended by five people. Now, after years of faithful work the church Sunday by Sunday was overflowing. The people, most enthu SKlhllC) tiiju uiwy twic iiuuui iu uuiiu «i church really worthy of the House of God.' Another 12 years and the church, whose life s contemporaneous with the town, will keep her jubilee. Wc venture to think that if the same energy and devotion, which lias characterised the past, still pervades the church life that a strong effort will lie made to complete the church at so interesting n| time. To come back, such a digres sion is only useful as showing the possibili ties that lie before the 1 church. The walls of the church now rise on an average sonic three feet above the ground and are on the level of the first base course. They are solid, being 3 ft. 9 in. thick, and form a ' sure foundation.' The main wall will be 2 ft. gin. in thickness. | 