| A REAL GHOST STORY AT HAMPTON COURT. At last the reproach of the Psychical Research Society is taken away. It has always been the joke against them that they, who seek perseveringly the spectral ex periences which others would only be too glatl to avoid, never succeed in getting a ghest to' take any notioe of them. The mere presence in a haunted house of one of these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it ' tor, as Mr Lang pats it— When tHe glam Kesearchers coise* The brctes cf bogies—go! Bst at last better luck has attended? them.’ In the forthcoming nnmber of “ Borderland" the assistant editress, a lady well known in “ psyohical circles ” as Miss X., tells the following tale of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will bo seen that the spectre was not only proof against the dis couraging influences of the S.P.R., but waB not even frightennd away by an article on Bimetalism. A tough ghost this :— SLEEPING IN A HAUNTED ROOM. f I recently found myself the guest of a lady occupying a pleasant suite of roams in Hampton Court Palace. My room was quaintly pretty,, but somewhat peculiar in arrangement, and lighted only from the roof. The folding doors ware locked j more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other side, and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead was a smalt one withoar curtains; indeed, l!ie room' contained no hangings whatever. The door into the room opened so near to the head of the bed that there was room between only for a very email table, upon which I took care to place two long candles and1 at plentiful supply of matches, being somewhat addicted to late and early reading. I sat np in bed and gave my best attention to Lord Farrer’s problem, “ Shall we Degrade onr Standard of Value?" in the National Review. "When I finished the article, as the cloak struck half-past one, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, and put oat my lights, and was asleep befera the next quarter sounded. awaked ! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly awakened irom dreamless slumber by the seuud of the opening of a door .against which some piece of furniture was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty #room to my right. I remembered the cat, and tried to conceive by what kind of *• rampaging" she could contrive to be so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud, apparently on this side of the toldiog doors. “A dress fallen in the wardrobe,’’ was my next thought, and I stretched ont my left hand for the match-box, as a preliminary to in— THE TOUCH OF A SPECTRAL HAND. . I did not reach the matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Some minutes passed in blackness and silence. I had the sensation of a presence in the room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should bo spoken to, I said gently, “Is anyone there ? Can I do anything for yon?’’ I remembered that the last person who entertained “ the Ghost ” had said “ Go away, I don’t want you I” and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better manners and be kind. However, there was no answer—no sound of any kind ; - and return ing to my theory of the cat and the fallen dress, thongh nevertheless influenced by the recollection of those detaining fingers, not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping tfce right hand on the edge of the bedstead, while with my left arm extended I swept the surround ing space. As the room is small I thus fairly well satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. THE APrAP.ITION AND ITS LIGHT. I was, though somewhat perplexed, abent to grant myself lic9nse to go to sleep again, when in the darkness before me there began to glow a soft light. I watched ic increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form and became a tall, slight woman, moving slowly across the room from the folding doors on my right. As she passed fine foot of my bed I felt a slight vibration in the spring mattress. At the further corner she stopped, so that I had time to observe her profile and general appearance. Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty five years of age, her figure slight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a full skirt and a broad sash or soft waistband tied high up, almost under the arms, a orossed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressed so as not to lie flat to the head, either in curls or “ bows,” I could not tell whioh. 4-8 she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty ai to the color, but the dress, thongh dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this definitiveness, I perceived the figure to be unsubstantial, and I felt guilty of absurdity in asking once more, “ Will you let me help you ? Can I bp of any use to you ? ’’ ’ ' THE GHOST KNEELS AND DISAPPEARS. My Toice sounded preternaturally load, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. She stood still for perhaps two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate time on snch occasions. She then raised her hands, and'whita:v«nd; held them Blowly buried Uer face in thepifllll/^ni.^jA attitudo of prayer—when q uite suddenly the light went ont and I was alone in the darkness. I felt that the scene was ended, the cur tain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my side. I tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I feit that it was definitely that of reproach, yet of gentle resignation. There was no force, no passion ; 1 had seen a meek, sad woman, who had sneoumbed. I began to turn over in my mind the illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one—a bad man of the worst kind, a bad. fool of that time of wickedness aBd folly, the Regenoy—I thought of the secret passage in the next room, and began to weave an elaborate romance. “ This will not do, here and now,’’ I re flected, as the clook struok four, and as an act of mental discipline I returned to my National Review. From Miss X’s descriptions the ghost seems to be an unidentified spectre, at least a century later than the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been sup posed to be the oily spectral occupants of the Palae?. 