They Say: [An open column. Comment most bd, fair and without malice. The Editor hnbt responsible for opinions expressed . Dilley gets very warm over *Buirns." Take a drop of McGuinesses' best and it will keep you cool. When will that social balance-sheet ap pear before the public. Wicks should score a win to-day with a bit of luck. It is to be hoped the small boy and the overgrown kids will have some sense and keep off the playing ground. If with corns on your feet you do suffer, From all shapes, sizes and sorts, The best thing you can do, so says Buffer, is go and consult our friend Sports. Nelson Bore was heard to remark what a reedy team the Brunswick are. Did he mean that imported team of his 1 That was a "Low" remark about the Brunswick going out to entertain the Haw thorn. Sammies residence was broken into on the evening of the 04th. Though everything in the room was shaken, nothing was taken. Marriage honors were conferred by Sa. mie on the following pottery boys : General, (l - )..pnight o~a hs B rmo: negganre, (K.. I ..),- King of Pipe Island; Rooster, (O.E. S.M.) Commander in Chief Evening Star Minstrels; Neddie, (E.G.T.) Earl of Goose Town; Ally Champagne, aide-de-camp to Pipe Island Dick; Danney created a Bart. A water pantomime took place on the Richmond racecourse last Saturday, several clowns takiur part. Jockey Pierce, the crack wing man of the Wicks a few years back, is now captain of the Chiltern. The other night as I lay a-sleeping, There came a dream to me; I dreamt 1 saw good old Brunswick Once more top the football tree. I dreamt I saw our friend Jake Kick a dozen goals or more ; iBut such a thought as this made one awake, For I knew he could never score "Chopper." Alf Bray, an old Brunswick footballer, is now a captain in the Salvation Army, South Australia. Neddie Sampson is bringing a new man. to the Wicks named Twaug. Mollie Reilly's are the best (choir now travelling the suburbs. Will appear at Es scndon shortly. Did you see Logansee on Sundee with Clansee and Wilsee. Where was their other pall Adamsee I Who pulled poor Sammy's :bed down on Wednesday, and made it up in the corner I Couldn't fall very far. Did you notice a young girl from Evelyn street on Sunday with the Richmond colors on. I wonder if she won Our little post-master general, Ii. B. is frequently seen wending his way to and fro from Carnarvon-street. As he was going thither the other evening he was heard hum ming the following : Nancy, Nancy, give me your heart so true, For no one knows the love I have for you. Switch off, IIarry, and get on another air. Arthur L. is the champion corner-man of Brunswick. Where does H. C. come in, sit ting on the same corner 1 Kate has left us and intends spending a holiday in the famous potatoe country, War rnambool. IHarryF. fell in love with Miss D. at the party. Ic now wants to join the troupe as a corner man. Nelly J: is lamenting over her boy, bht if Itr.LvTa..?wiJtsa_ is_.i .hisi lot with her she H. IF. and Nelly J. looked well in the back seat at the Premiers. What price long Joe down bullocky flat' who owes two years rent and wishes lie owes more. Nosey Bob, the champion battler. What has become of the four-eyed cadger of Bullocky flat. Ailly IB. told his father that he got hit with a cricket ball. Dicon. Who was the young girl that was seen to drop her share about Elsie II. in the They Say box? Surely not F lornic Who is the young girl that says if her voice was trained she would be a tenor. Was it not F. H. 1 Where is the door 1 If Florric H. thinks that Billy puts her in print she is mistaken. Rickards is looking for comedians. Where is D. 1f. and S. S. too good, I suppose ? Bullm E. got a terrible doing in the Glen Sunday night. Puds gave Bulm such a dressing that hi people hardly knew him. Charlie, look out, Maryborough Kate will deceive you again. Squire Old'un was out with whisker seed's sister on Sunday night. Good old Squire. Who is the common lodger that assumed more authority than the proprietor of the house 1 Why, Baby M. of course. WYhere ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to be wise. The Hope- street baby would make a beautiful efligy for a farmer to plant in the wilderness to frighten crows. Brady is trying to make it up with the Belmonts. No go. Symon George can recommend his whisker seeds and Wilkinson's false teeth. Charlie and Maryborough Kate are all the rage in Brunswick. Dick set the Misses on fire Tuesday even ing. Tops and Rose were simply disgusted at the performance given by the Evening Stars. Harry B. entertains the opinion that Richard is a coming comedian. WVhere's my cigarettes I don't want the things throrwn at me. I suppose my 'thrup pences' are as good as anyone cle's ' thrup pcnces.'-Ricehard's speech at the temperance mneeting Tuesday night. What price the three pals walking round by the oval fence singing 'Trinity1 Church, Rc Look out Florrie, Elsie is going to give you a doing. Dick took a dose of Condy's fluid last Sunday which nearly killed him, so he says, Dick was very ratty Tuesday night. Who says Florrie is love sick 1 P. Casson is going to captain the Scotch College cricket team. F. R., the new boy, is thinking of Ijoining the Clansee-Wilsee company. F. R. says he will put on the gloves with the next man who puts him in this column. Kill it. Tit-bits is dead gone on Eva G. Never mind, Claude, she is a very nice girl. P. Pudding, who is having a pick at C. T. just now, should get a pair of long pants and sent them to him as a gift for the protection of his legs. P. P. cannot throw stones at Tit-bit's legs His own are as bad. Jenny has fell out with Dicum. Advertis ing for a new one. Since M. G. became a rice-president,:'E lanno where 'E are. Though George is ' Hallbone' still he is very ' Green.' What Price Bob I. watching and waiting for Mary H. She says she is off him. Poor fellow. What price M. W. waiting for Dick IM. He did not turn up. How did she feel? Who is the young man that has too much to say about a certain young girl ? Surely not D. A. Buck tragic acted himself ,out of the O. D S. Sammie says he has found the right one at last aftor many tries. Buck says the Footscrayldramatic club sent for him. What for? To mind the coats. : Rooster is going on at the Opera House shortly. Buck wishes to know if the C.D.S. are going to ask him to come. No, they are glad to get rid of him. Since Essie L. has captured Teddy W. she will not have to do so much running up and down the road. How is it Joe puts so much in this column about collars? Is it because he has none himself, if so I am sure Wilsce. being :such a kind-hearted chap, wouldgladl "accommo date him with:: few of his old ones. Alice says that although she does not like to see Joe so badly off for collars, she could not give him any of hers because there is some wear in them yet. ' Say au revoir, but not good-bye,' George, for if carefully cultivated, tscy may again grow as luxuriantly as before. ' Mr. Bennet' is a splendid fellow when you know him, but you have to know him first. ' Come out of that humbrclla, Rae, I, can see (tH)all of you.' For-get- me-nse, flariy> 2 Pea. says he is not a pretty jtuy. The popular saying now is, ' Who'll pay." Ask Fred Boase and hIarry Thomas to ex. pla;n it. Every dog has its day, but F. B. and II.T. thought their turn was never coming. Their hopes are blighted. Who was the young man in a certain class remarked something like this,' How did the two died.'-Surcly not Joe Pcv. I notice Sports is very good stamping on other peoples toes, alias corns, and then with a grin ihe says, ' try a corn plaster.' I wish the .Medium would charge a price for inserting such things about me. Wait till me father and me gets 'old of 'em--J.P. Joe, the organ-blower. nearly busted him self Sunday night. Charlie the postman-' I was a stranger and she took me in.' .dfaryboroughi Kate. What has become of the secretary of Star of Park I Pev. is on fair terms with Lord Bob. Geo. S. has not disposed of all his whisker seeds yet. Logansce was out of his class on Sunday with Wilsee and Clansec' Why did the Red Rose give Mohawk a medal instead of soap and towel. Bunger was seen in town on Saturday night, Could he spare the four pence. Who is the young lady that thinks she owns Brunswick I Surely not B.M. There is a new boy: on the road named Copper. Annie W. goes to town every Saturday night. There must be some attraction. Look out Will, you will be losing her. if Logansee wishes to associate with Wil see and Clansee he will have to get a high collar and stick. Since the hawker down cast got a new waggon 'E dunno where 'E are. The Guild boy's are going to have a table at the tea mseeting. What price Arthur. What price Cooney Bob. at the counter lunch last Saturday night. Clause andi Wilsec are going to receive Lord Brassey when he arrives intheir Brassy collars and ties sc suile. May S. is learning singing. She hIas a ceaiutiful flute-like vwlice in t!he key cf G. .r,9?59.."oine to onnarta ? Clarhks or.-Riek the show for your style. Who was that damsel with dark hair with three others trying to Leggett round the Zoo the other Sunday, admiring the ducks and monkeys (human monkeys of course.) But I Say(ers), where was he. The dauntless three, compaising A. L., L. B. and M. M. were trying to see who could mash the most boys Saturday night, includ ing S.S. of couse.r Bells D. was quite surprised to .see her name appear last week. What has become of Trant and Slob, also Biz D., the tMoreland Duke. Lie is often to be found standing outside the Princess Theatre. Perhaps he goes on Mlcntyres fashion, turns his hack to the door and walks backwards. Who is the boy that reckons 1he can drink six whis-key's off without any effect ? Surely not Andy S. Andrew S. looked a splendid horseman on the pony the other day. You should get Nelson to give you a tew lessonshbefore you go out again for fear of accident. Who is the little girl that is always look ing out for that Blyth-street toff I Surely not Minnie S. What has become of Joe T. Bertha D. must like to sec her name in print. Things must be looking up with the butchers down cast. Another new suit. Ted looks alright only for his nose. What price butcher Billy with a girl Sun day night. Must be the coat that fetches them. Who was the Sunday school boy coming down Blyth-street last Sunday smoking a pipe ? Surely not Reggie C. Bennie says if he knew who put him in this column he would put him in the gutter. Poor old Jocy, give us your answer do, Why did you let the wind escape Out of the organ tube; You really must have been dreaming, We can see no other cause, To make such an awful blunder And then such a terrible pause. Herb left us all last Mlonday morning, And for three long months he will be awvay; All of the Belmonts for him are Inow mourns ing, ' Except Mick and Willie, who hope he will stay. What price tie Molly Riley football club The veteran Danuy Mac stripped for the Wicks last Saturday. SIarry F. has lost his mo. lie has turncd up football and started comediauism. Freddie is still Whimping. Why don't you try sheeps heads and Victorian coal. T'hey are excellent foster mothers. Kitty A. has a beautiful complexion on Sundays. You should apply some on wcck days, dear. Billy A. won't write any more 'they says' since he has got his name in print. He could not Ihelp the light going out.--Feel sorry the writer should be overcome. Frank G. should give over chasing those serio-comic girls. They want cdmedians. Arthur L. shouhl give up oorner business and take to undertaking. Sweet Bobbie A. has given up riding his bike since he got a centennial. If long Tuckey can't get a game with tli Wicks, why duon't he leave the pavilion alone. Who is the young man going ghost-hunt. ing Surely not Snass. Kate reckons she can play the piano. Shei could play one with a handle better. Squire says he will strip for the Wicks if they give him a barb-wire guernsey. That the Mayor of Brunswick was an honored guest at the orange celebration last week, The Brunswick lalies benevolent societies are anxuiously wasting for tihe truck of potatoes consigned to the Mayor, 