"MY JAIL JOURNAL." OUR EDITOR IN PRISON. o FOURTEEN NIGHTS WITH THE SPIRIT OF DEEMING. TOM HUCHES-THE WEST AUSTRALIAN BUSHRANGSR. WEDNESSDAY, JUNE 19th, 1895. (Continued.) [Br J. M. DBEW.] After bis third brush with the police, Hughes, daring the night, robbed the hut of a Chinese gardener, who lived across the river, but who, perhaps, luckily for himself, happened to be in town playing fan tan with some of his follow countrymen when the desperado entered his humble abode, Thomas took away with him a goodly supply of provisions, and several implements likely to bo of use to him itt the prosecution of housebreaking operations. He then RET1RED TO THE DARLING RANGES and nothing was heard of him for another fortnight, although the police endeavoured to ferret him out. One Saturday evening, two weeks after this, several people saw him coming out of a certain hotel IN FREMALNTLE with a small flaskof brand). However, there were no police about at the mom- cnt, and the daring criminal got away successfully. Within an hour afterwards, the half of Fremantle was alive with cxcitementt as the information was passed along from one to another that the malefactor had, just a short time previously, been noticed almost in the heart of the town. The whole of the available force could shortly afterwards be seen parading the streets with long revolvers in their belts, peering into the faces of all passers by, and freely expressing themselves as to what course they would pursue if they could only catch a glimpse of the coveted prey. But the bird had flown, and faster than they anticipated. Hughes hung about the railway line in the vicinity of North Fremantle until the 10 o'clock train was proceeding on its course to Perth, and as it rushed past he sprang out from the darkness with his Winchester rifle rolled up in a sack and two revolvers inside his shirt, and rode ON THE BUMPER OF THE BRAKE VAN till Claremont was being reached, when he jumped off quietly aud slunk away among the bushes. Making rise of a boat which lay fastened near the river's bank, he crossed the water and ; once more struck out for his retreat in the ranges. The police were enraged at the cool audacity of the fellow, and thingcing that Hughes' relatives were in no small degree responsible for his continued evasion of arrest, they decided on a course which was fatally injudicious, and which in all probability contributed more than anything else, to save Hughes from the gallows. Without possessing even a shadow of testimony against them, they secured THE ARREST OF HUGHES' MOTHER, SISTER AND TWO BROTHERS. on a charge of harbouring him. The accused were repeatedly brought up before the Fremantle Court aud re- manded on the plea of the Police Ser- geant that he was " not in possession of sufficient evidence to support his charge." Now, this nil wise' step excited a sympathy for the Criminal to which he was not entitled. ^Everyone must admit that there is nothing more sacred than human life. It is also patent that those whose special business it is to protect society, should themselves be protected, and that no legitimate means should be spared to bring to justice those who injure the guardians of the public peace. Yet none other than a strictly legal course should be adopted. Hughes, in the first place had not been convicted. Until convicted he was, in the ryes of the law at least, anjinnoceiit man. Neither had he been outlawed. To arrest a whole family, including two women, on a mere suspicion of harbouring Hughes—when the police sergeant admitted he was not in possession of Rtiflicient evidence/ to ensure their punishment—was / therefore a wanton abuse of power. And it had the effect all such abuses of power create. It gave birth to a certain amount of FALSE SYMPATHY wrrn THE CRIMINAL, sympathy which was afterwards forcibly ami practically shown. The next heard of Hughes was about a fortnight after his family's arrest. He had robbed a hen-roost at the back of the Catholic Cathedral in Perth, aud was MAKING HIS WAV THROUGH THE CEMETERY. It was eleven o'clock at night, and the old sexton happened to be engaged in digging a grave to meet the ccae of a man who had been brought in to the morgue from the bush dead, and who had to be buried first thing the next morning. As Hughes was sauntering through the cemetery with a sack of fowls on his shoulders, ho heard the noise of the old sexton's shovel, and, becoming alarmed, stai ted to rhn, only lo discover himself, two seconds after, making a rapid descent into the earth, lie had FALLEN INTO THE CRAVE oa top of the sexton. The scene which followed is indescribable. The fowls began to make unearthly noises, aud the Did sexton, with au almost supernatural yell, dragged himself from under Hughes, spran out of the pit, and rushed screaming down the town that A GHOST had visited him, and his horror was intensified when, on subsequently examining himself, with the aid of a lighted match, lie discovered he was covered with blood— the blood that had come through a hole in the sack from those of the fowls whish had been crushed. Hughes was none the less terrified, and cleared off leaving his bag of poultry. Next morning when the sack was found, and the tracks scrutinised, and half a dozen bull-dog revolver cartridges picked up around about, considerable light was ih rown on the mystery, and the police renewed their exertions with fresh vigor. Hughes,liu accordance with his customary plan, travelled all that night, so as to be as far as possible from, the spot where he was last; seen, and bef ire tea o'clock on the fbllowing morning he was anchored within a short distance of Fremantle. He lay up in a thicket here. It was difficult for the police to follow him, as he used to go a certain distance in one direction, then come back on-his tracks, and ultimately cut off at a tangent when rocky ground was reached. However, " one Saturday morning a party consisting of Corporal Hogan—now Inspector at Perth—and Constables Gee and O'Leary and a blackfellow, came up with him close to Moore's farm, which is within a couple of miles from Fremantle. On seeing them Hughes started to run, but O'Leary galloped around him. HE THEN OPENED FIRE ON THE POLICE with his Winchester rifle, ensconcing himself behind a large tree. Shots continued to be exchanged. In the meantime the police and black tracker gradually surrounded him. Eventually, after a desperate encounter, Gee, who had a rifle, succeeded in shoo Ling Hughes in the thigh, when he immediately surrendered. He was brought into Fremantle. On an examination of the wound, it was fpund that the bullet had' struck the bone, but had run fright around it, mid com e ou t on th e exactly opposite part of the limb at the other aide. In a week orm the wound was healed up, and Hughes was then brought before the Police Court and committed for trial on two charges—one of mur- dering O'Connell, and the other of attempting to murder Carroll. In October of tlie same year he was TRIED IN THE SUPREME COURT, Perth, before Acting Chief Justiee Leake, for these crimes. The Attorney- General and Grown Solicitor conducted the prosecution ; Mr. It. S. Haynes defended the prisoner. The questions raised, in the first case against him, were whether lie was justified in resisting an arrest by policemen in plain clothes, unless they showed him that they were policcmen, and whether, in any case, he had such reasons to believe that his life was in danger as to be justified in using firearms in his defence. Whatever view the jury took of the circumstances, they, at any rattf, returned a VERDICT OF MANSLAUGHTER THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP a quarter of an hour after the Judged chargOj which was dead against tho accused. Sentence was deferred. On the following day, Hughes was tried for attempting to murder Carroll. But the jury, though finding the prisoner was the person who shot Carro'l, brought in a verdict only of " unlawfully wounding." we have taken from an old newspaper we found in the prison. It was as follows: " Thomas Hughes, you have escaped the callows. Yesterday, after the charge of murder had been fully brought home to you, the jury in their mercy found you guilty of manslaughter. I sentence you to the longest term in my power—penal servitude for life. Today you have been shown, according to the law aud to the evidence, to have been guilty of attempted murder, and the jury have found you guilty of unlawfully wounding. It is to be hoped this verdict will not endanger the lives of policemen by encouraging foolish feople to resist them. The sentence for this offence is two years' imprisonment with hard labor. (To be continued.^ 