THE GHOST CENSUS. REPORT OF PROFESSOR SIDG WICK'S COMMITTEE. tEVom our Special Correspondent. 3 London, October oO, ldo4. Mr. Stead is always enthusiastic. In alt that he touches the instinct of the born journalist predominates. Whatever fad or practical movement occupies his mind for the moment it is turned to the utmost account in the production of copy. When Mr. Stead published "Ghost Stories" in the Christmas; number of the Review of Reviews a year or two ago people shook their heads ominously. But when he claimed to be what is called in the language of spiritualism, an automatic writing medium, and to have telepathic communications over long distances from a lady whose identity was concealed from the public under the mysterious name "X.," there was a general idea that Mr. Stead's enthusiasm in dealing with subjects of an occult character had thrown his mind off its balance. But he soon showed that what ever fascination these abstract questions possessed for him it in 110 way diminished his keen business capacity. In the nick of time he preserved the special character of the Review of Reviews by relegating occultism to a separate publication called "Borderland," which _ has met with phenomenal success, every _ issue having been rapidly sold out. In summing up the results deduciblefrom "Ghost Stories" Air. Stead suggested a "ghost census," a project which a tew years ago would have been re garded as bordering very closely on the insane, but the suggestion was taken up. by scientists and others, and the conclusions so lar reached are summarised by Mr. Stead in The West minster Gazette from the report of Professor Sidgwiek's committee on the census of halluci nations, which has occupied the time and attention of the Psychical .Research Society for a period of six years. The main conclusion is that the continuity of the individual after death is "likely to be as firmly established and as universally accepted as any other fact in nature." In the report, which occupies 500 pages, of the August proceedings of the society, the conclusions are stated with extrqme caution, the committee confining themselves to the statement that while the evidence is not conclusive, the eases recorded afford some argument for the continuity of psychical life, and the possibility of communication between the dead and the living, and that there is no absolute discontinuity at the change called death, or transition to a condition of complete isolation from earth life. . In the evidence there are said to be many instances of fulfilment of promises to appear after death, as well as cases of apparitions where the fact of the death of the person was unknown to the witness. One of the most remarkable of the cases cited is related by Miss Dodson. ,On midnight of Sunday, June 5, 1887, she was awakened by hearing lier name called three times. The third time she recognised the voice of her mother, who had died 1(1 years previously. The ghost came round a screen near her bedside, placed two children in her arms, and said — *' Luc v, promise me to take care of them, for their mother is just dead." She promised, and the ghost vanished, leaving the two children in her arms. She fell asleep, and when she awoke there was nothing ! On the Tuesday morning she received the news of her sister-ih-law's death. < The committee, which consisted of Professor Sidgwick, and Messrs.; P. W. H. Meyers, Prank Podmole, Mrs. i Sidgwick, and Aliss Johnson, quote many other similar cases, aud conclude their elaborate report as follows :— " Between deaths and apparitions of the dying persons a connection exists .which is not due to chance alone. This we hold as a proved fact. The discussion of its full implications cannot be attempted in this paper, nor perhaps exhausted in this age." The committee seem to have entered upon their ghost census in ; the same practical matter-of-fact way as though they were ascer taining the temperature,; or the rainfall, or the number of births in a given period. In 1885 Mr. Gurneycollected the experience of 5,000 living persons on the subject of spooks. The present census related ;to some 17,000 indi viduals, to whom the following question was put separatelyHave you ever, when believing yourself to be completely awake, had a ; vivid impression of seeing or being touched by a living being or inanimate object, or of hearing a voice, which impression, so far as you could describe, was not due to any external physical cause?" The enquiry was un dertaken by 223 women aud 187 men, whom we may call " Ghost Census Enumerators," nine-tenths of whom were educated persons, and they.'took the evidence of 17,000 wit nesses, the majority of whom also belonged to the educated classes. Of these 2,272 answered the question in the affirmative, and this were ultimately sifted down to 1,684. The great majority of these profess to have actually seen apparitions, viz., 1^120 white, 388 heard voices, and 144 were actually touched by ghosts. _ Of these realistic phantasms 520 were recognised. There were 16 angels and religious ghosts, 33 grotesque and horrible apparitions, and in 27 cases the spectral form was that of an animal. Of . the visual apparitions 460 were seen within the last ten; years, 423 were seen while the observer was awake, in bed or immediately after _ waking, in 430 cases the witness was up and. indoors, and 201 were out of doors. Classifyinglthe nationalities it is found that those who profess to have seen ghosts 9"4 were English, 15'9 Russians, 23'9 Brazilians, and other nations 12*1. The great ghost-seeing age is between 20 and 29. Many persons refused to relate their experiences. Among the census enumerators, each of whom was asked to collect 25 answers, 21 per cent, had experiences of their own. How far this would disqualify them as impartial col lectors can only be judged on a complete examination of the cases they furnish. By some peculiar process of arithmetic the com mittee have arrived at the conclusion that, allowing for cases in which the supernatural experiences have been forgotten, the number reported must be multiplied by some number between 4 and 61, which would give ten million ghostseers. j f It is absolutely appalling to learn that out of the 1,000,000,000 people on this planet ;10,000,000 at least have seen and recognised 'apparitions of dead persons. This recalls the lines of Milton— ," Millions of spiritual ~ creatures walk the earth, Unseen, both when we wake and when we sleep." Of course even a ghost census enumerator cannot take account of the "unseen" spirits, but if only 10 per cent. ! of the living can actually behold spooks, what a vast myriad of unrecognised ghosts must be awaiting dis covery. Indeed, in the appendix Mr. Myers ventures to predict that it will soon become a rare exception for a student of evidence to deny the fact of ghostly apparitions. In his second article Mr. Stead begins by combatting the theory; that the supposed ghostlv apparitions aro^ merely the visualisa tion of thoughts transmitted by other minds. But, he'argues, when the communication con tains information or predictions concerning things to come telepathy will not sufficiently explain the mystery. The meaning of the term "telepathy" is clearly defined in the report of Professor Sidgwiek's committee. It expresses the conclusion that "thoughts and feelings in one mind are sometimes caused by influences of another mind, not conveyed through" the recognised channels of sense." The report also refers to .eases "in which the percipient sees an apparition of someone who is trying to transfer an idea of himself, or of some', other human being, 'to the percipient's mind, without any previous knowledge on the part of the latter that such an attempt was being made." The cases recorded in the report do not, however, exclude the hypothesis of the apparition, being not the mere exter nalisation of a telepathically received idea; as a sensory hallucination, but the double, or astral second self of the experimenter. Eor example, a Airs. Rayleigh vicars willed that her friend in an adjoining room should see her, with the result that she did see Airs. V. standing, by her bedside. "For the most part, however, telepathic . communication seems only possible for short distances," say the committee. This is challenged by Air. Stead's personal experiences. He declares that he lias had no difficulty in obtain ing most accurate and; lengthy telepathic communications from friends who were hundreds of miles distant. He claims to receive automatically written messages con stantly from persons with whom he has established telepathic communication. _ Here is one remarkable case—"When Aliss X., my assistant editor on -Borderland, returned from her recent interesting expedition in search of the gifted seers of the Highlands, she wrote telepathically with my hand a long report covering three closely written quarto pages, describing the results of her visits, her plans and intentions in the future, reporting upon the condition of the office and its work, and discussing questions of practical business. All this was written out with my hand at Wimbledon, while Aliss X. was in town. I had not seen her for nearly six weeks, during which time I had not once written to her. When I met her I read Over to her her tele pathic message. When I had finished she said, 'You have made one mistake. You say So-and-so " is very painstaking, but very stupid." That is not my opinion. So-and-so is very painstaking, but only occasionally stupid.*' And that was the only error in three closely-written quarto pages." Mr. Stead also claims to have received tele pathic messages at Grindelwald from London, aud in one case that a telegram was anticipated in this way:—He received [news at Grindel wald of the illness of a near friend, and decided to return to London. He telegraphed to this effect, and was awaiting a reply giving the doctor's latest report, when he received a telepathic message to the effect that his friend was recovering and that there was no neces sity for his return. A friend who was present signed this message for confirmation. Four hourslater lie receised a telegram_to-thQ. game effect. Mr. Stead concludes as follows:— "Nov.-, if I am asked to explain • how my automatic hand got that message I can not explain it, excepting on the hypothesis that the mind, whether for the time being in or out of a body of flesh and blood, has the capacity of communicating j directly with, other minds without being in; the least degree hampered by the limitations of space or by the accident of its embodiment or its disembodiment. The more I experiment with telepathy the more is the conviction driven in upon me that the mind uses the body as a temporary two-legged telephone for purposes of communication at short range with other minds, -but that it no more ceases to exist when the body dies than we cease to exist when we ring off the telephone." To which we may add that if Mr. Stead's con viction proves to be a fact of general applica tion the days of telegraphs and telephones are ended, and that the revenue from telegraphs and post-offices will soon be a thing of the past. As to whether it will be a distinct improve ment on the present state of things to be inces santly "rung up" telepathically by_ bores like Brown, Jones, and Robinson is quite another question. 