The Sugar Industry. Mb. Edito*,— The remarks made by the chairman,' Mr. Edward Knox, at the recent half-yearly meeting of the Colonial Sugar Refining Compatiy, on the prospects of the sugar industry in Australasia, and in New South' Wales in particular, have some phases in connection with , them that .re quire the serious consideration of all who are dependent upon, and are desirous , of maintaining, the industry, in these nortnern districts in a flourishing- condition. We learn from what has been said by Mr. Knox that the production of sugar through out tho colonies and Fiji has grown to such an extent that the proliabilities Are the coming season will show a surplus above tlie requirements of the colonies that will have to be disposed of, and that the board of directors are very far from being sanguine that they will be able to do so to advantage. It must be patent to all who have givon the subject the least considera tion that such results would follow, for. the inexorable laws that rule supply- aiid- de mand have only one incidence — over-pro- duction will ever have the ono result, i.e., a corresponding reduction in the value of the commodity so produced. The produc tion of sugar throughout . the world has reached this state, and following the universal law the consequences are certain — the retults are inevitable. What was at ono time a profitable undertaking becomes one that may be designated a hand to mouth existence. A reaction tlten takes place, for the wave, when its force is ex pended, returns again to its original condi tion. This is the condition in which- tho sugar industry is at present (I am speaking now' on the world-wide aspect of the ques tion, althuugh the same observations apply locally to Boine extent) ; what the future will bring forth is not hard to conjecture. Reaction must take tho place of action in the past, and no amount of unnatural stimulation will prevent the consequence. It may prolong the agony, but the inevit able must follow. Those nations which, under a mistaken idea that they were going to alter the world's destiny by decoctions called bounties, bonuses, or prohibitive protection, will as a consequence of their folly suffer in proportion as they liavq pre scribed the dose.. The production of sugar throughout the world must be restricted to certain bounds if the industry is to be a healthy one, for the more it is stimulated by unnatural agencies tho more it must deteriorate in value, and a consequent reduc tion to the grower and a lowering of wages to the worker must ensue. Mr. Knox clearly points this out in his remarks. He' says': 'The prices now 'obtainable by planters are such as- would, in the ordinary course, tend to the restriction of the output, and, consequent thereon, to better prices ; but,' he goes on to say, ' the erection of a number of central mills in different locali ties, with funds provided by the Govern ment of Queensland, forbids this, and probably will tend to keep down the value of sugars in these colonies after it shall have recovered' elsewherb.' He also states that ' Australasia can and should produce all the sugar needed for its own people ; but the labor conditions under which it is made prevent, in my opinion, its production at a cost that would permit of its being sold at a profit in tho Eilropenn and American markets.' Coining from such an authority such observations must have their signifi cance not only to the grower, but also to the laborer. It is quite obvious that Mr. Knox sees iu the near future that the high pressure of production in continental circles must soon cease, aud a reversal to more normal conditions and higher values will take the place of the existing order of things. His view of the existing form of Protection m the northern colony is to the effect that the value will not rise in the colonies consequent on that policy. Under these circumstances it behoves him (seeing that he expects a further decline in prices iu the colonies, and that a surplus will remain to be disposed of), to weigh the matter well and consider the means whereby the profits of the past will be maintained. This can only be accomplished by securing an advantage in the outside markets of Europe and America. But how is this to be consummated ? The intimation is con veyed in the remark on the conditions under which the commodity is manufac tured. Now this is a phase of the sugar question tliat requires serious thought and much foresight. It is quite obvious that Queensland has much the advantage — in comparison with the surroundings — of N.S.W. in the sugar industry, and in the course of time must eventually far outdo our colony, and, backed up as the settlers are by a Government guarantee, it is quite evident that the C.S.R. Co. will have their work cut out to maintain their position in the future. Tho probable high markets in the old countries will then be an alluring attraction, but the cost of production will stand in the way. This factor of the ques tion then must, in a very short time, come prominently to the front. To enable the Company to disposo of its surplus to ad vantage, that is, to successfully cope with cheaper production of other countries, wages, price of cane and all other expenses must be brought to a certain level, other wise the industry as represented by the C.S.R. Co. must fail. The production from Queensland will before very long be suffi cient to supply the wholo of the colonies at a much lower rate than the C.S.R. Co. will be able to do with profit, the Government guarantees and cheap labor being the impor tant factors, besides the climatological con ditions. Now, is the farmer prepared to face the situation ? Come it must ; there is no get away froni it. ? If the production of sugar in the colonies progresses in the same ratio as it lias done during the last decade, before the next is passed I am afraid the sugar industry on these rivers will have almost annihilated itself by its own dimensions. Over-production, if per sisted in, must eventually strangle any industry, and I think it behoves the farmers of theso rivers to prepare for . the future, so that their energies may he ap plied in other directions. Some will say that we cannot live, and may as well give up the ghost, if sugar-cane is a failure. Bosh ! I can imagine such an exclamation from some antiquated addled -brained indi vidual, whose earthly existence is near its close. But from the stalwart, hopeful in dividual — never. ' Energy will do any thing that can be done in this world ; and no talents, no circumstances, no opportu nities will make a two-legged animal a man without it.' So says a distinguished pre decessor of the newly-appointed Governor of South Australia, and tlie observation is a truism. Thoro are many other modes of employment open to our settlers in this garden of the north, but I suppose until necessity prompts they will be neglected. Is not the dairying industry one of these ? Is it not assuming gigantic proportions, and are not our people going to partake, in this well-adapted locality, of its advantages ? There is no ctoubt that much of the land under cane is not fitted for its growth, and much more, from the ravages of diseaso and deterioration, , Wfill . come, under .the flame condition!?, unlesaa laroo amount ', of labor, and expense. are expended on 'it, which'' to most iB almost an impossibility. All this, land-could be utilised in-many, other - ways, and the value of its acreage could be en hanced to a very large degree. Land now profitless- would be turned to 'account. Sugar growing could be left to the lands adapted for its growth, and the cloud now appearing on the horizon would - probably disperse, or at all events its downpour would not be so severely felt. Mr. Knox's remarks on the gumming disease' are not quite optimistic in - the : outlook, although hove is expressed that' the farmer by new methods of cultivation would be -ame to combat it to a certain extent. 'Now this is all very well, and probably to the point, but when we consider that he says — ' we are still much in the dark as to the origin of the trouble or the best meanB of combat ing it ' — it is time to pause and reflect. If such an influential company, with all the opportunities it has for ascertaining, is un able to arrive at any conclusion 6n the sub ject, it perhaps is time for the cultivator to be wary and take its advice with a little salt,— nAt thpt I am . against . improved methods ol'. cultivation in any case ; but this disease may not be consequent on any way of cultivating. The farmer may take a leap in the dark, and all his trouble be in vain. What the farmer wants to know, and what in my opinion is the Company's duty to ascertain, is whether bad cultivation, deterioration of plant, climatic influences, or parasitic fungus or insect ravages are the cause. If the Company cannot ascertain this, it is useless leaving it- to the farmer with his limited means and opportunities. It has come to stay apparently, and stay it will, whatever the cultivation may be. To say, as some do, that it will go as it came, is against all reason or experience. You may as well say the phylloxera of .the vine j or rust in wheat would die a natural death. Much more could be said on these subjects if time and space would permit, but I think I it is time some authoritative expression was made ou the cane disease, and also some thing should be done to turn: the waste lands of the district to some account. — I am, &c.;, P. F. CAMPBELL. Sib,— -Without in any way .considering my self equal as a penman with your able con tributors on tho fiscal debate carried on in your columns, I, nevertheless, ask space for a few remarks on several points that have not as yet been prominently placed before your headers. Some considerable time back a bonus was offered to encourage new industries, one of which was tlie cotton industry. If I remember rightly, provi sions were made whereby growers could, upon satisfying a Justice of the Peace, re ceive a stated sum for » given quantity of cotton locally raised. This had the effect of encouraging farmers, who were thus in duced to plant a portion of their land 'with cotton,- which grew well and was gathered by the younger members of the family. But one man builds up and another pulls down ; so it was with the 'powers that be' at that time, as a succeeding Administration withdrew the bonus, under the fostering influence of which a young industry had be gun to engage the attention of the pro ducers. Now, had such an Administration at that time repealed the revenue duty on sugar there is every reason to believe that, like the cotton industry; the sugar industry would have died in its infancy, and our sugar would still be purchased from the foreigner, llot at the foreigner's price, but at the old prices maintained by the sugar rings or trusts, which the local producer has destroyed. Your worthy citizen, Mr. M'Rae, is reported to have said that ' argu ments had been frequently used in fiscal debates that industries built up under pro tective duties could not stand open compe tition, and that once the duties were re moved those industries must die ; and that he concurred with every remark made as to the disastrous effect the removal of the sugar duties would have, but in passing he thought the Freetraders had them there.' But the speaker evidently forgot that if a parent neglected his duties to his family at a certain stage the members of that family must die ; but protect them until they reach that stage when they can take care of themselves then the duty of a parent ceases. In like manner, if a parental Government neglects a young industry the latter will die. I maintain that the sugar industry has not yet reached that stage when it can stand against kindred industries in France where the duty is £24 8s 4d, or against Germany with a duty of £18 (is 8d, or Aus tria with a duty of £15 5s, with bonuses to encourage exportation, with unskilled labor at 8d and skilled labor at lOd per day, and the freight across not more than 25s per ton. Looking back 10 years we find that during that time we have doubled our out put, and there is nothing to prevent us again doubling our output during the next 10 years. If so, then New South Wales will be self- supporting, giving employment to 60,000 people ; then the £5 duty has done its work, and the same argument holds good in regard to other industries. — I am, &c.;, G. MARTIN, Jun. The Inconsistency of Freetraders. Sir, — Having attended the monster meet ing held at Coraki on Saturday, 4th inst., to protest against the removal by the pre sent Government of the now existing duties on foreign manufactured sugar, I Was very pleased to see among the great number present a few who up to the present have claimed to be out-and-out Freetraders ; but who on this occasion found their interests were identical with the Protectionists, and if possible showed more enthusiasm in the subject before the meeting. I would speci ally mention Dr. Finselbach, who, before entering into the subject, announced him self a Freetrader ; but in the course of liis remarks advanced what was. considered the strongest arguments in favor of an all-round protective tariff, viz., that the removal of the sugar duties would mean thousands of people now interested in the sugar indus try being thrown out of employment and consequently cast upon the unemployed market, to bo kept by those who, he was pleased to term, are the majority — the Free traders. If we can accept this argument in favor of the retention of the sugar duty, then we can apply tho same argument in favor of an all-round protective tariff, for are there not infinitely more persons inter ested in other productions who will be placed in a similar position as the cane growers should the existing duties bo_ re moved ? I think I liavo written sufficient to show the inconsistency of those who claim to be Freetraders. There is, perhaps, reason to apply the old saying — ' When we are in Rome we must do as Rome does.' — I am, &c.;, J. OLIVE. Bungawtdbin, 7th May. Blacksmith's tongs and pincers, to gether with hammers, have been un earthed nt Pompeii. It is worth your while to remember tlmt W. T. Huntek, the well-known Tailor, of Lis-, more, pays regular visits to all parts of tlie Richmond and Tweed districts. He carries' with him au extensive assortment of patterns, and can 'suit' everybody. Lowest prices for 8 pot cash trade.* ' ( 