, . . JSvititinst ' a (Ghost. '' Almost every town or village bno itB haunted houoo, and thn settlemant of Wanda, in India, was no oxocptinn. Horo a number of English ofliooro and thoir families livo during tho warmor montha, returning to their roopeotivo oommnndo later on. Tho rumor that Captain BeQuohaunp's honno wna haunted was oiraalatod by a servant. He was awakoncd ona night by a most extra ordinary noiso. Tho door-boll was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in tho wall of tho houso— not in one plnoo, but in several at onoo, and thon ho hoard a long drawn sigh. This was tho last feathor. Ho rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that tho plaon was haunted. Tho notoriety so aheaply oarnod became oxooedingly disagreeable Matters stood in thia ohapo for somo daya, when one morning a party of jugglers roaohod tho haunted houoo. As there were a numbor of children in tho family the porformoro wero invited into tho grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, ona of tbo men took out a small oval baskot having an orifioa in tho top, and neat ing himself near it began to play a quaint nir upon a flute. After industriounly playing for a fow moments up through tho holo in tho banket oamotho head of tbo oobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches above the basket it bogan to wave to and fro as if in obodieneo to tho moasuro ot tho raasio. Alter tha snake danoo— or tho enako ' oharming,' as Buropoans aro wont to call it — tho Indian snako-obarmor walked around tho honoo, and among tbo bushes pointed out a holo which might havo boon mndo by a rabbit. To ono of tho nativoa ho said ho would tako oat a oobra wujoh ho thought x?aa in the hole. Seating himself before tho bolo the msgioian began his mournful plaint. For fiftoon minutes he kept np tho noioo, and thon from tho opening thore appeared tho ugly, hooded bead of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this boiDg direotly at tha bane of the wall of tho house. Tho man examined it a few moments carefully, thon began to play upon tbo flute. Hardly lmd the group gathered about tbo performer before a moot romarkable noise came from the houso. Pi rat, there won a Bound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of eomo groat body striking the wall and rub bing against the timbers. Dust in clouds oama from tho hole, and the 'charmer' started baok in terror, overturn ing tbe man behind him. Recovering him sell, ha dartod at the holo and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a aobra, but tho tail of a large snake. Antonishment was depicted on tho native's faoo and horror on those of many of tho spectators, as ho stood holding tbe tip of tbo tail, and five fuet of the body was visible. For a scooad the man hoBitatod, til on ronftininn Viitt nnnrnnn \yn oVu-mf o J in Hinduetaneefor the lookers-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon tbe tail, ho pulled gradually backward. Out it camn, foot by foot, inoh by inch, five, ten, fifteen, Bixtoon feet — eighteen, was there no end? — eighteen feot of quivering nnako-fleBh as large as a man's thigh. A quiok jerk and the entire monster wan oloar — at least twenty foot in length— big nough to swallow a deer and yet hold by a singlo man. Tho native was, however, not in the least dia oournged. He olung to tho tail and as the huge roptile turned toward him with an angry hiso ho gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually ho inoroaoed his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wbeol, tbe spokes of wliioh wero tho body of tho python. So rapid was tho motion that the snako'B body was perfectly straight, and it was evident that as long aa the motion aould be kept up tho man waa eafe, but iJ the monBter oould reach him he would in a moment bo orushed in the horrible folds of tbo roptilo. It soon became apparent that tho obarmer knew what ho waa about. Not far from tho house stood a stout flag-staff a foot and a half through, of solid toakwood, and toward this howaa gradually moving, whirling tbo snake faster and faster. When he wns within twonty-fivo foet ot it, it dawned upon tho few speotatora what he was about to do. This wbb to strike tho head ot tho roptilo against tbo polo. Nearer ho oomo, whirling faster anfl fautor, nntil tho reptile stood out like a whip-l&ah;, and then, with a quick step for ward, ho brought tho bead of the animal against th« wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and the groat reptilo doubled up in' oonvulsivo foldn, digging up tho earth and sending oloada of dust into tho air, finally dropping limp end lifeloss to tho ground, Ono thing waa evident, that there wbb tho ' ghost.' 