MEN OF MUSCLE, j GIANTS THAT HAVE FIGURED IN THE i PAST. ' J Gt tne wcnderiul athletes of all ages, .muo of Creton is perhaps the most known. He once ian a milo with an os on his shoulders: thtriij with a blow of his list, ho killed the beast and ate it in one day. Tho strongest man could not take from Milo a pomegranate which ho held between his two fingers, although a womau ho loved is said to have done it. Ho could break by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. Owe day, being in a house with eomo pupils of Pythagoras, tho coiling threatened to fall in, but Milo supported the column ou which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. Hts death is well known. He tried to tear asunder tho trunk of a tree, but his bunds got pinched in the wood, and being unable to dis engage them, ho perished, devoured by wild Theagenes of Thaso3, who, with a body like that of Apollo and the strength of Hercules, surpassed all Ins rivals in all kinds of exercises, won over 1,*!00 prizes. Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymos, and Astydamus won also renown ns wonderful athletes. The strength of Samson is too well known to need description here. The Komau Emperor Cuius Julius Verus Maximus was a marvel of strength, being able to squeeze the hardest atone to powder with his fingers. Ho was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife’s bracelet could serve him as a finger ring. Salvius, of Rome, could walk up a la dde carrying 2001b. on his shoulders, 200lb. in his hands, and 2001b. fastened to his feet. Athnnatus could run round tho arena carry ing 5001b. fastened to his feet. iccus could hold the most furious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in tho fifteenth century, was reputed tho strongest man of his time. He was a man of great stature, and the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with otic single blow of his sword. Francis of A ivonno, Lord of Chastoigneravo, who livod at the Court of Francis X. of France, could Btop a bull by seizing it by tho Louis do BoulHers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support what ever, four strong soldiers could not move him: he remained as firm aa a rock. Sometimes ho amused himself by taking on bis shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with that heavy . load ho promenaded tho public square to tho great delight of the inhabitants. At about tho samo time there lived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break tho strongest handcuffs that could bo put round his wrists. He folded his arms on Ids chest, and ten rren pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength; ho could carry a man in his open baud. One night ho quietly throw out of a window a monk who paraded his palace, pre tending to bo a ghost. Augustus’s son, tho famous Maurice, | Marechal do Saxe, who commanded the French ' at Fontenoy, was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion ho twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which ho drew the corks of half a dozen bottles. Ho could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. I Olio day when in London ho had a row with ' a dustman, when ho seized tho man by the head, and, throwing him in tho air, let him drop right in tho middle of his own dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in resisting him was a woman, a Mdlle. Gauthier, an act ress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other’s wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest diffi The power of Mdlle. Gauthier’s arm was far beyond the common, and with tier fingers she could roll up silver plates as easily as any one would paper. Thomas Topbam, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extraordinary strength. He once lifted three casks filled with water and weighing in nil 1,836 pounds. Ho is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. Ho could bend a 9tout bar of iron by hold ing the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of tho bar behind hfa neck and bringing i the two ends forward. Ho could also undo I what ho had done—that is, straighten tho bar again, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened on tho ground that would sustain 2,0001b. weight, and lifted an oak table 6ft. long with his teeth, though a half hundredwniglit was hung at tho extremity. AVith one hand he raised a man who weighed Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long dis tance, It is said of him that, having been placed on some duty at tho entrance-gate of a raeecotirce, he refused to allow a four-horso coach to go through; on the driver whipping up his horses and attempting to pass, Topliam took hold of tho hind wheels of tho coach and upset it and its occupants into the roadway. Topbam, who kept a public-house in Isling ton, had a- wife who quarrelled with him to such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. Hercules, Samson, Milo and many other wonders of bodily strength had to give way to a woman; so did Topbam, apparently. At about tho same time as Topbam there lived another wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixed iu records with those of Topbam. Richard Joy was already renowned for his marvellous strength before Topbam was born. He was commonly known as the “Kentish Samson” and the *“ Strong Man of Kent.” Among other tilings, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lilt a ton weight, and snap a* rope that bore 3,500 pounds without breaking, the latter being far more extraordin ary than Tophfim’s similar feat. He was drowned in a smuggling expedition some ten years before Topham’s death, and is buried in "the churchyard of 8t. Peter’s Church, near Broadstairs. A Scotchman, said to be tho last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of exaraordiuary strength, from which circumstance ho got tho byname of Joramy Strength. Among other feats, he could carry a 24-pounder cannon, and bad been known to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton and a half upon his back. Many a time ho took up a jackass, and, carry ing it on his shoulders, walked through the toll-gate. A Belgian giant could stand up under two Jonathan Fowler, a Massachusetts fisherman, once walked out kuee-deep through too mud and filth of a seashore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alivo on his back to the shore. Tho shark weighed 500 pounds, quite a load, con sidering that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through Dr AVinship, the well-known American athlete, raised from the ground 1,4001b. _ A seaman ou board the oelebrated cruiser the Alabama, a Scotchman named Gill, could lift a man at arm’s leugth with one hand. Abraham Lincoln, the martyr President, was a man of great strength. He could with one blow bury an axe in the trunk of a_ tree j ‘deeper than any other man, and lio ia said to. have thrown across tho roadway a pigeon- , house weighing 6001b. 