A LEGEND OF BOHEMIA. Bv MONA CAIRD, Author of "The Wings of Azrtel." "Is Marriage s Failure ?" "Whom Nature Lcadetb," &c.;, he. (All Eights Ekserved.J Iri the middle ages Bohemia was a wild land of mountains and forests, where no one dated to venture out ui' his house or beyond the walls of liis town without carrying arms. In the heart of this romantic country nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstein's rebellion and of his treacherous murder. The Egerland is now a wide stretch of fertile plain encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired world, where, even to this day, the customs of ancestors dating far back into history continue to regulate the lives of the simple inhabitants. The houses of the peasant farmers are all built on one immemorial pattern ; their inmates wear the same style of garments, unvarying even to a button ; they sleep in gaily-painted four-post bedsteads, carefully cur tained round ; and quaff va«t pota tions of beer out of big tin or earthenware flagons. The Eger- landers stand apart from their neighbours as absolutely as if miles of sea girded their little territory instead of a circlet of hills. Once inside this line of enchantment, the traveller linds himcelf half con strained to take life on mediaeval terms, so potent is the old-world atmosphere, bo strange the charm of the quaint superstitious and child like worship of the people. Worn out with the worry and toil of conducting a large business, I found myself, one sunny September, in the heart of this quaint little land, and I blessed, in an illogical fashion — pardonable in my ex hausted state — the railway which had enabled me to take a dip into an age when steam-engines were still undreamt of. For seven happy weeks I was a Bohemian at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipper of lean saints. Many a day &9 I came to a little lonely shrine by the side of some path across the fields, 1 have gone down on my knees, and worshipped — I knew not what — the sweet virgin in her blue robe edged .with gold, holding the haloed infant in her arms. I came to lore that mild-faced lady, and to wish that I could carry her home with me to i pray to when the foreign mails came ! inland — but, alas ! my delicate god dess grew pale at that thought, and I remembered that she belonged to the land of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she were transported to the glaring world that Fate had chosen for my dwelling-place. I had one favourite shrine, which stood at the foot of a hill crowned by a large church, whose strange Byzantine-looking cupola of zinc or 1 copper painted red could be seen for . miles across the plain. My shrine ! was presided over by a bright blue ; virgin, whose cerulean eyes bad j been tinted with the same . paint that stained her robe, j slightly diluted. On the 6hrine j grateful pilgrims had hung up ' numerous quaint thank-offerings, for j having been preserved from illness ! or accident. At the feet of my Lady j of Azure, when I approached on one j lovely afternoon, knelt a maiden, .with head bent in prayer. T had the impulse togo up and kneel beside her. It is impossible to describe the sense of happiness that I felt as I ioined in worsuip wifii tbis beautitui Bohe mian girl. It seemed to me that then, if never before or after, my prayer must be granted. My fellow worshipper was the daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the Egerland ; her handsome cloth dress, with its heavy clasps of antique silver — heirlooms centuries old — and the strange head gear of black stuff revealed her station. She was large of frame, with regular features, black eyes, and a line carriage of the head. How 1 blessed the perseverance with which I had devoted myself to the Slavonic languages t It was not difficult to draw the girl into con versation. She was frank and trustful, if a little shy. This child of the Middle Agas fascinated me as much as did her wild, spell-bound little country. It seemed to me that ,au old dream of mine was realised, .and that 1 had been permitted to step out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with the generations of the past. Our shrine, my beautiful companion told me, had been raised on this spot Ave centuries ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolik, one of the great Bohemian nobles, in thanks giving for the rescue of his only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose power ful band was at that time infesting the district. The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at the foot of the shrine; T had stretched myself by the hedge- side, in luxurious ease. The sun was hot, the breeze soo thing ; 1 sank into a strange lethargic state, as if my body were asleep, while my imagina tion became abnormally vivid My companion was relating to me ihs stofy that had been handed down among the' owners tif the soil from the troubled times the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries ; but such was not' precisely ray impression. I seetned to be transported backwards, across the great plain of time, and gently landed in the midst of a romance of the Middle Ages. The scene had sCarcelychanged it was still the beautiful Egerland. . Eger lay at the end of a four-mile avenue of stately poplars, with its castle and" gabled houses in' the distance ; the church stood above me on the hill . top, but there was now only a rough track up .to the village, and the whole country seemed like a vast i I forest — it was, in fact, a part of the great Hercynian forest — with a few farms and scattered hamlets, and here and there a church. By some magic of place and time, I had become a spectator, though not an actor in the drama. This power of knowing all, without the ability to act, made me feel at times as if I were suffering from a terrible night mare. I do not think that I was able to raise my bead or to open mv eyes — I seemed to be under a spell similar to that which the wicked Count in the story held over the beautiful daughter of old Baron. Swaptolik, whose vast castle used to stand, surrounded by dense forests scarcely a mile from the shrine. Drahomira, dark of hsir and swift of foot, with her brilliant brown eyes and rich complexion, was one of -the wealthiest heiresses in the kingdom, and her hand had been eagerly sought by the sons of the neighbouring nobles, not only for her beauty, but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long loved her with faithful devotion, in spite of the cold and scornful treatment which either coquetry or aversion appeared to in spire in her. The only consolation of the young Count Vladislav was the fact that Drahomira behaved to her other suitors in exactly the same manner. She had no wish to leave the home where she was idolised by her indulgent old father, who since her mother's death had lavished all his affections upon their only child. " If 1 married, it would be all gain for my lord and all loss for me,"' she used to say with her brilliant smile ; " I pray you, good ku ight, pay your court to some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach something better than her present state, since she cannot achieve a worse 1" Vladislav would watch the self- wiiled lady moving among the bril liant company, gracious and smiling, yet ever ready to hold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants. This tirmness of character made her subsequent conduct appear i all the more incomprehensible | to me. an astounded spectator panting to interfere and to set crooked things straight. The first hint of this change of demeanour occurred about the time ; of a very strange event which created a stir throughout all Bohemia. One I of the daughters of a great seigneur I had, on the very eve of her wedding, | disappeared from her home, and though search had been made far and wide, no trace of her could be found. The expectant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard the people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming evil. " A jealous and disappointed | suitor must have carried her off," said one. I " An enemy of the bridegroom ha9 \- taken them both away, and is keep- ; ing them prisoners," another sug gested, and 90 on ran the surmises. Drahomira, usually so bold and fear less, was white to the lip9, and she Started if anyone spoke suddenly to her. " Beloved and gracious lady," said Vladislav, " fear nothing. No evil shall befall you whilst I am by your side. Had I but the right to be always your protector, what unspeak able joy would be mine." At these words, to everybody's dismay, Dra homira swooned. When at last she opened her eyes, she turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze and saw — yes, I am certain that i saw, for less than a second, the face of a man witb dark hair and eyes, staring straight into the room. The next instant the face had gone, and only the surging forest was to be seen from the deep-set win dow. How I longed to be able to relate what I had witnessed, but I was tongue-tied, ; moving among these knights and i dames like a ghost, helpless and un- noticed. Drahomira was as full of j life as usual that evening. To me her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, but then I knew what no one else knew in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and he thought that she made herself needlessly agree able to a jackanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her every where. To Vladislav's secret joy, the knight had already drunk deep of the wine that was provided for j all comers in the great hall. While j his rival was thus putting " an j enemy into his mouth,'' Vladislav j remained sober and watchful. The j tipsy knight came swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched | Drahomira round the waist with a j noisy laugh, and proposed a moon light ramble in the forest. Several ; strong hands were laid on his arm, ! and he was led back to the banquet- j iutr hall where he continued to ' toast his mistress in the .flowing bowl till he rolled off his seat, still ; trolling out serenades and drinking .songs from the safe level of - the floor | Vladislav rejoiced to see several ! other knights depart discomforted | that evening when the hours of revelry at length drew to an end, j and the few guest9 who lived near rode away in companies large enough to resist the bands of marauders that haunted these Outlying parts of the great Hercyni&h; forest. The rest who were sufficiently sober went off to their rooms in the ..castle. Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep. "He sat looking obt upon the moonlit scene, thinking of Drahomira. What had caused her sudden terror? Would j she ever return his devotion ? Holy Virgin ! Had his thoughts fashioned a Bemblancs of her out of j j the mists and the dim moonlight? ! lie saw her crossing the open space | before the castle, and with her a I man in a dark cloak. Count Vladislav ; swore a great oath, and then he made ; off in pursuit. He could see the two figures, ! though not their faces, as they stood | together in. the forest ; but he was | careful to conceal himself, that he | might not give the man an oppor tunity to escape. lie must know which of Drahomira's suitors had been able to persuade her to this breach of decorum. Could it be he of the red doublet? Mad with rage and jealousy, Vladislav's feelings were not soothed when he saw the man throw his arms round the girl and break into a thousand protesta tions. Yet Vladislav dared not approach ; Drahomira would never forgive him if he played the spy ! She broke away from her com panion ; the j lover became contrite, kneeling at her fee:. Then his pleading was recommenced, under which Drahomira seemed to be giving way, though struggling against the man's influence, as if in | terror. She tried several times to | escape, but he thrice succeeded in | recalling her. He appeared to have j extracted some promise, and then she ! left him at a run. Vladislav inter cepted her as she fled back towards the castle. " Have you been keeping tryst with the devil, fair lady ?" Drahomira gave a scream, and sank back against a tree. " I think I have ! " she answered wildly. " What do you mean ? Who is this fellow ? " Vladislav demanded in great excitement. i " Don' t ask me ; I dare not tell j you — I must obey him — Vladislav, ! save me." Before the astonished | lover could reply the girl had fled I past him, and he saw her no more j that night. Her words thrilled him j with hope and fear. | On the following day the castle | was set in a ferment by the news that I another great heiress had disap- j peared from her home. The event ! filled everyone, from the Baron to | the stable boy, with the utmost con- | sternatiou. | Drahomira avoided all attempts on | t;-e part of her lover to speak to her j about the incident of the previous | night; she appeared to have entirely j forgotten it and her wild appeal for j help. j Vladislav determined to watch ! her closely, and interfere boldly | should any more interviews take | place in the forest. But he watched j in vain ; a week passed withont ; anything remarkable happening, i The advent of a young horseman, | the son of a Polish noble, and bis | immediate admission to tbe castle as guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, j for it was the custom for travellers . to receive hospitality from the great ! houses as they passed through this j wild and robber-haunted country. Drahomira had often been called j upon to welcome such transient guests ; but 1 shall never forget the ; look on her face when her father presented to her the new comer. ! Her eyes were full of terror as she ; returned his low salute. Alas ! I alone, impotent ghost, knew the cause of that terror. She recognised j the face that had gazed at her that night through the window 1 j 