PEOPLE SAY That Parlies delights to.barU and bite, l''or 'ti3 bis nature to. The old m;.va is a corry sipdit, Ochono ! and v/irrasthroo! That an anti-talking party would b? a very useful political party just now That tho labor party has at least compelled members to earn their £,&n; week. That tho Murrurundi footballers cannot get together v, team. ? Our congratulations to Murrurundi. That, according to Eei<!, Uarton well deserves tho name " Toby," for aoiv he is playing doj; indeed. That Copeland has no objection to be regarded as a labor candidate. Labor has, though. That tbero is a brick famine in Perth. XeS it is some time since the general election in West Australia. That the Australian Star ijuotes tho Taznworth JVtncs as the voice of the country. Vox et prr.tcrca nihil. That the protectionist candidate for Tenterlicld declines to ask for votes of confidence at his meetings. And no ono moves any. That the schema of reform proposed by tho Opposition is about as useful as that proposed by the Sultan of Turkey. That there are 70,000 goats in Xc.v South Wales. At least tho Quirintli paper nays so, and it ought to l<llol7 by ito circulation. That tho protectionist labor party consists of The O'Sullivan and Harry Koran. Moro talk than labor about that combination. That "Andy" Kolly will not be a candidate for Parliament. He is a publican, but does not see why he should be a sinner also. That the Muswellbrook HegUter is describing Iteid and Want's want of knowledge. At the same time, it is displaying its own. That ex-M.P. Price has been speak ing at Scone. Coming on top of tho drought, this has uiuue the scones more dismal than ever. That our old friend, tho Ilev. Philip Moses, is out against Cruiek shank for Invereil. lloth are beau tiful, but, alas ! both are married. j That the Invereil paper has 3:1 i article on tho use of cloves. They am j said to disgusso the smell of whisky j on the breath. ] That a ghost has appeared at ! Glenclg. Our Singleton ghost has I been missing lately, and has probably gone to South Australia during tho j cold weather, ! That the gooseberry is indigenous to .England ; but the Armidale Kzj/rrst is an evidence that the goose is to be found everywhere?. 'That Lyno will not cry his eyes out should Dibbs bo defeated for Tain- CTorth. Then the hour will come, and tho man will bo ready. That the Murrurundi Ximrs advises its readers to cat their potatoes with a fork. The Titr.rs is dead against vuJgsritj' and the land tax. That the Sydney Jlorniuy Heraltl regards Parkes's candidature for the King Division as tragic. Hut, as a matter of fact, most people are laugh- Jng at it. That Dan O'Connor compares ]i:tn- Eelf to John the Baptist. Well, probably !?fter polling day D.\n will be a voicu crying in tho wilderness. That Reid alludes to the Hon. " Alick" as " a gentleman named Brown." iSTow, who says IJeid is not polite. That Sir Henry Parkes may win in the King Division. Likewise, pigs may llv, and the skies may fall and we may catch larks. That all " ex's." are to be paid for Parkes in contesting tho King Division. Money bags are to be pitted against liberty. That they wonder how 15 hair dresser.-) in King Division will vote. Parkes hates getting his hair cut. and they say Keid shaves himself. That tho Sltir praises Parkes's patriotism. Apollyon hold ing a candle to tho devil—in a pureSv , poiitical sense, of course. That there is an acrobat on t:i" roll for tho King Division. Ho ought to vote for l'arkes, the champion politic:;! contortionist. That Traill asks to be elected on t\tc size of his hand and tin strength of his arm. He io right not to appeal on the capacity of his brains. That tho Scone Adcocnlc wants to know what a thermometer m a vacuum is like. Why not wrap it in a copy of the Adcocnle, and find out r?t once. That gas has been laid on to the Muswellbrook School of Arts. The supply irom the debating society, though plentiful at one time, has fallen very low lately. That a Tamworth boy has got a bursary at the Ittaitland High School. He will probably also get an engage ment to put tho Tamworth JXctcs right on matters of spelling and grammar. That John D.-.r:es. 31. L. C, "Charley" Kobcrts, M.L.C., and "Sneezer" Ticfcery, M.L.C., arc Parkes's principal supporters iv King Division. Deus misereatur. That Dibb3 told them at Tamworth he bad a clear majority of seven in the last Parliament i£ he had chesen to star in ofGce. Munchausen is not dead ; he is alive and speaketu. That Sunday was the anniversary* of the taking of the Bastille. Tommy Walker was too busy electioneering to attend to the matter, so the French in Sydney had to run tbo show them selves. That some old tombstones Tiavo been dug up in Sydney. On the 25th a new tombstone will be put up, bearing the inscription, " Sr-cred io tho political memories c£ Parkes and Dibbs." That the Qairiitdi Gazelto is anxiously waiting for the foreign policy c 2 the Salisbury Government. If Salisbury does not hurry up he taay lose the Gazette's support, a;i I that VTOuId be a catastrophe 