■REMINISCENCES OF IRELAND " The Son. G. McGregor, M.L.C., lectured on Monday evening, Oobober 7, in Molton'e RoomB, Flinders-street, at the monthly meet ing of the Irish National Federation, on "Personal ReminisosnoeB of Ireland." The Hen. J. V.O'Loghlin, M.L.C. (President of the Federation), occupied tho ohair. There was a good attendance. Mr. MoGreoor, in an able and interesting address, spoke of the various plaoea in Ireland where, as a boy, he had resided, and told many humorous and quaint legends connected with the historic spots where he bad resided. Kildarehe bore in most pleasant memory as the prettiest spot in that ~tRautiful country. Incidents whiob OQCurred to himself •< were graphically told — how he jumped the bogholes safely on Weekdays, but "in variably fell in on Sundays, and watched for ghosts and banshees - when going home at night, after listening a round the peat Gre to the yarns of one Jimmy Reilly, who wad-full of the fairy yarns of the neigh bourhood. He had lived in the North, in the' South, and in the West of Ireland, but-there were no counties where landlordism oarried sway as it did in Gllway and. Mayo,anc| hB did isot belie've that there'wm anything done to the landlords there but what was deserved. Of ail the planes he had been in on the laoe of the earth there was nob a country that oould compare with Ireland., for either climate or fertility. Bob 'there was no chance for Ireland to have the power to govern herself nntil tbe^HouBo of liords was swept away. ThB beatVay for the Australians to help in the^muBeof Heme Rdle wm~*o show that it was an unqualified suooeu in the colonies. . He oould apeak from personal experience that the aooial and moral lile of the people of Ireland wax far abore that of either Soot land or England. The Irish people were the moet agreeable and sociable on earth, and although in the past people had kept up a curtain amount of animosity iu the North of Ireland, that was now dying out, and they were beginning to aee that their best interests lay in unity, {Cheers.) On the motion of Mr. F. J. WholoHAH, eeoonded by Mr. J. P. Dohxnt, and sup ported by Mr. P. Hualt, a hearty vote of thanks was aooorded to Mr. MoIIbeoob, who, in reply, promised tooontinao his reooUeotions at some future date. 