MURDERED FOR MONEY. , The Antwerp Sensation. | =>« " Convicting Madame Joniaux. Sentenced to Death-History of the Crimes. Oo Sunday morning, February 3, the jury In tho osse ot Mdmo, Joniaux, tried at Ant werp for the murder of ber relations, re turned a verdict of guilty. Later she was sentenced to death. Tho sentonce, in accoidanco with the Bolgiuu law, will bo commuted to penal serviiudo for life. The providential witneso whoso coming Aldmc, Joniaux announced failed to ap pear. Duriog tho week it was testified that this remarkablo woman, who is ac cused of so many cold- blooded crimes, is superstitious. It was brought out that ou tho night of the sudden death of tho uncle, whom sho was accused of poisoning, Mmc. Joniaux slope in tho bed from which tho corpse was removed. This was because of her belief in the popular sapor- stiiion, "If you do not wish to see a ghost, then Bleep in the bed where death took place," The prosecution made auothor telling point. On Alarch 1G, 1803, Van den Ker- cliove arrived at the Joniaux house. 'l'be next day ho died. Between March 1 and March 15 tho prisoner purchased 28 centi grammes of atrophias on a falsified receipt of Dr. Philiipe, who prescribed atropiiine for her sister. Tho fatal dose amounted to two centi grammes. Tho speech of AI. Hendricks, counsel for the dofoncc, was admitted to be ono of the finost over heard beloro the Bolgiau bar, but even his geniuB was unablo to oxplain away some of tho most damaging facts against tiie prisoner. Mdnie, Henri Joniaux is tho daughtor of Goneral Jules Ablay and tbo wife of the chief engineer of bridges and roads for tho Belgian Miuister for War. The crime of which Aldmc. Joniaux has been convlctod is the wholesale poisoning of her rela tives. She is accused of poisoning her sister, Leonine, and hor brother, Alfred Ablay, in order to obtain inauranco on their lives amounting to about 35,'JUOdo!., and also of poisoning her uncle, Jacques Van den Kerchovo, in order to inherit her share of Ilia estate. The prosecution was the result of the action of an English insurance com pany which issued tho policy on Alfred Ablay's life. Leonino Ablay died on February 24, 1892, and it was supposed that influenza, compli cated with pneumonia, was the cause of her death. On March 16, 1893, Mmo, Joniaux gave a banquet to celebrate the promotion of her husband to bis present position, Une of the guests was her uncle, Jacques Van den Korchovn, a man GO years old, of large fortune. After tho banquet, which lasted five hours, M. JacqucB Van den Ker- chnve foil iu a fit and died tho next morn ing, as the doctor thought, of apoplexy, to the great grief of M. and Aldmc. Joniaux. Alfred Ablay was a roving brother of Mdmo. Joniaux, who hud gene into tho army, married and lott his wifo, mi grated to Buenos Ayrcs and to Paris with out making his fortune, and 'hen turned np like a bad penny in Antwerp, where he look up his abode with his sister. She, strangely enough, welcomed him warmly. Ho did not iong enjoy her hospitality, for a fow weeks after his arrival, or on March 6 last, ho suddenly died of heart disease, or of what passed for it. Alfred Ablay was insured for lOO.OOOfr. for the benefit of his sister, and tha com pany, becoming suspicious, took steps to have Alfred's body exhumed and a post mortem examination made of it. This was done shortly after tho arrest of Mme. Joniaux, and it was subsequently stated that 10 grains of morphia— more than enough to havo killed him— wero fouud in tho atomach. The case aroused great interest, both be cause of its sensational character and on account of the position of the accused. Tho best legal talent was employed on the esse, and more than 200 witnesses wore placed on the stand. During the trial, which lasted several weeks, Almo. Joniaux displayed remarkable ability. Tho lawyers oouid do nothing with her as a witness, as her cleverness waa more than a match for their legal training. Every point was turned to her advantage. It was said that sho did more iu her own defence than all the legal lights who served as hor counsel. Many sensational disclosures were made by the accused woman. 