The Storyteller, — — ^ — ♦ ? (Continued.) CHAPTER III. - ' Miss Le Marohsnt, be meroiful ! Stop, for Heaven'a sake ! You will kill yourself And me too.' ' Hearing bis roice, she tnrned and faced him ; then, at the sight of Sir Alan—hot, (tasty, and burdened with the child — ihe burst into a merry laugb, and, his apologies being made, she condescended to return to the car riage and even acknowledged that she had1 been too hasty. , . , 'For of course,' she added, 'yon 'could know nothing of Paul.' _ : 'Confound the fellow 1 la she going. to, begin again V thought the Baronet. Just at tbe moment the driver made a diversion. Pointing with hit whip in the direction of the park, lie asked sir Alan would he and his demoiselles like. to go thither and r see tbe fair of L'Auxerrois. ' Yes, yes— of course !' eried Netta and Aimee in a breath. 'Ob, please let us go 1 I want to see the monkeys, and I want to, bee the horscB— just for one little quarter of an hour 1' Sir Alan was sorely puzzled. He knew it waaj wrong; the shade of the dead man stood like the ghost in '? Hamlet ' between his child and e scene of fun and frolio ; and yet how could he at that moment ~ blurt out the fatal truth? Short of that, be had no-rea-; sonable excuse for refusing. So they alighted, ?nd tbe Baronet, with Netta at bis side and Aime'e following, made his way through all the intricaoiei of the fair. They -saw the' hones, the monkeys,, and the wonderful per forming dogs'; and Notts, happy as a queen, flitted hither and thither, qnite forgetful of the recent little stprm. , Sir Alan watched her with interest. 'His' eyes' followed her slight girlish figure, and; dweltb. with admiration on the 'bright face,' the 'sparkling eyes danoing and brimming over with enjoyment, tbe full red lips break'-1 ing into perpetual smiles. He dwelt upon every detail, took in all the beauty 'add noticed the many' charms-— the low forehead wits its masaeB of rich hair, the nose slightly retrousse, the short' pouting upper HpY'ttie clean-cut nostrils, and the glerions eyes— soft, tender, misohievoni, bewitching, accord mj£ (ju uer uver*Yitryiuj£ uiuuu, iua nuiuira* tioD'obnveyed in his constant glanoes at' list attracted her'attention, without in the' least disconcerting her. This frank simplicity of hers pleaaed Sir Alan more than her beauty, it was so unlike the well-trained of good tooiety. ' Do I remind yon of any one V she asked. 'Yon look at me'flo 'often 1 Perhaps it is your wife or your daughter V 'Sir Alan started at tho words, and his look did not esoape her. 1 1 have neither,' he answered coldly. ' Have I said 'anything wrong— anything unladylike 7 ' Wu'y do you look'oross V -Then, bof ore ho could answer, she stopped suddenly in front of a tent on which an an nouncement in large letters set forth that, within its folds dwelt 'The Wizard,'; by'wbc.m; the secret' of each' life would, be' made dear 1 on the payment of fire franco L ' ' ' J ' I muBt go ior here',1' she said ; ' I love tb know the future.' x ' With an involuntary shudder, Sir Alan tried to draw 'Her .away ; but 'she resisted, laughingly ; and, when at last he thought he had prevailed, and had induood her to walk a few steps with him, she suddenly gave him tbe slip, and, running back to (he tent, dis appeared beneath its heavy curtains. Very mnoh displeased, the Baronet followed her. fie had all a man's dislike to charlatans, and, besides, he wished to be obeyed. ' She is a Bohemian ; and she has a temper of her 'own,' he thought, as he penetrated into the dirty, Btrioky don, where 'his displeasure deepened into V.disgust where ; be found an extremely: ditty 'and' disreputable looking half-caste, the attendant or accomplice of the Wizard, in dose conversation with Netta. /Just1; as Sir Alan entered, tbe man was helping her, to tie a handkerchief across her eyesj-and' the bold look oi admiration with which he was regarding her made the Baronet's blood boil. - ' How dare you touch that lady I' he cried anatobing the taodkerohief from the man's hand. __ — _-_ Sir Alan's faoe'was oonviilsed with pasiion, and Netta, looking at him ia amazement, shrunk back frighten'ed ;' but' it Was only for a moment. ' He was doing no harm,' she said. ' I muit have my eyea bandaged while they get the water ready; and when 1 look in I shall Bee everything— past, present, and to come.' 1 Ridiculous noDsenBe !' exclaimed the Boronet. 'I am really surprised at you, Hiss Le Marchant. Ptay, come away, and leave these silly charlatans to deceive people of a different class from oura. Servant-girlB who want to see future lovars, grieette* and ^jOTi'ns— those are the people who frequent booths like this. For tbe matter of that,' I can' tell you your fortune as well as they. A rich' hnsbaod— a carriage — a diamond neck lace ? ' 'You are most unkind!' she* said inter rupting him quickly. ' I want nothing of tbe sort. I don't want' lovers— papa knows I never mean to marry — never 1 I shall ? ' But now the half oaste, who bad oompleted ' his preparation!, oommended a kind of chant ?tending in tbe middle of the tent, opposite to a tub of water which he placed before . ^-tfettv ? _ .?? ?' - . ;-; ?' '''' ''Look into water, missie, loft-hand sidb, 'you'll see a dark face. 'Xis your husband 1 ? Look into water, missie, right- hand side, you'll see a fair face. 'Tis little B6bi I Look into water, missio, down tho middle, you'll sec shadow floating! 'Xis tidings of death of father or mother)' ' ' Hold your tongue I' cried the Baronet ; and with a vigorous kick ho overturned the tub, Bending the water streaming across the floor. This last insult oompletcly upset the com posure of tho native. Screaming' whir rage, he flew to oall his master ; and Sir Alan, not wishing7 to ongaore in a row, threw him a napoleon, and hurried Nettd from the booth. J3he semed nervous and startled, and kept on repeating — * I eaw a shadow on the water. Did you P It floated on tho wateo ; it lookod like a jnan.1 :; ' Nonsense— it was some of their juggling I ??id Sir Alan kindly. ' Don't think any more About' it,' -' ' ? ; ? ,,-,:?: ;u.-'- , ' — u - -'-Last night, as I paiaed through the empty, dais-room, I saw the new moon shining! through the window; they Bay that is an! evil omen if you look at it backwards.' ! 1 1 never heard anything so absurd 1' the Baronet observed shortly. __ ' Well, perhapB it'ii. It is untrue, at all events, for you have brought me good news.! You ~«aw papa yesterday, and he is all the world to me.' ' Qo you know, Mils Le Marchant; yoor love 'for your father reminds me ot mine for my mother. I loved her so entirely — the shared all my thoughts, was the confidant of all my hopes, my one, my only1 friend I Wben I w as at school, I well remembor how I would lie awake for hours picturing to myself our mooting and 'fancying' myself in -her arms. When I lost her, life, seemed to me an utter bl(inkV ?'??? ' ??'??? , ' When did she die P' (To be continued.) 