PAET H. CjlLAPTEE XX. V Ah, that might do har good, indeed,' said tho old lady. ' I, too, ani goiug to the Eiricra next spring. V7o might' EialiO a little party, . only-^ ? ' !she paused, then said; meaningly, ' I should not have thought you ?would go alone.' ?.:-. 'I ahall not be alono if Jcsline conies/' said Hermione, looking up. ' No,' said Lady Dunotable, simply. . Something m that clear, quite gaze stopped' Trhatover further she might bo goingtoadd. ' Too much love is dangorou3 also'' said Lady Dunstablo, beginning again. .' It intoxicates a -weak subject.' ' Too niuch love ?' said Hermione, ?wistfully. . . . ? 'f J was thinking of Joaline at End'cr by. There -will he you to love her, and -''Mrs. Match.' , , -VTes, but wo shall not harm her, I think.' - '?-... ' There is alao Eobert Watt,' ended Lady Dunstable, with sudden and ap palling candour. . . . Hermione was silent 'again. ' You do not fear that, my dear ?' ' I think everything must come to a crisis sooner or later, and perhaps the sooner the better— it is suspense that tills, not certainty.' . ' Then you nhouldnot he against it ?' 'Heaven forbid, if they triahedit,' said Hermione, with startling energy. ' I would do my utmost to help them. But,' she said, very quietly, '.' I do not think Josline will ever marry.' 'Ah! Well, I agree' with you.' ' It's entirely supposition for an . against on my part. I have never heard a word/' said Hermione. ' 1 er haps we had better not discusB it.' ; ' You are full of gentleness and wisdom mon enfant,' said Lady Dun Btable, and then they were both silent. « Sir PhUip came and sat by Hennione, and entertained her with a long account of the breakfast and tho speeches. At least, he 'believed he did. ? Sho .listened with great apparent interest and put many questions. Yet, afterwards, she could not have described what had been discussed, e7en to a topic. The strange dream-like power . of vivid, instantaneous comprehension -of the subject, and subsequent total obliv ion of it, continued through that long erening. She heard everything that each separate person talked about, as single instruments in on orchestra are seen, though only heard in unison. A strange faculty for dTsentangliiig thoughts and. words seemed evoked in her by the unnatural ofiorts sho was making to prevent thinking on one sub ject She heard Sir Vere talking non sense to Mina, Gladys trying to enter tain some very simpering young Indies. Lord Eduard squabbling with Quarl, Bud tho bishop talking to Lady Clinton about Colonel Myddieton.' fcho heard the name over and over again. They were talkiug about hie- career, hia. character, his return to England, hip Euddea departure. And Hermione looked in' Sir Philip's faco and laughed about Blackbird's behaviour, whilst her y/hole heart was wrung through and through with anguish. ' Sir Philip thought ho had never seen ? her .look eo handsome, and what a ?fchonsawd -nifciea a mrl with those eves ghould not marry ! Wouldn't she make n fool of a man in no time? The ? bishop 'was coming up to: her — he had . included her hr; the end of the* conver \- sation. Could she bear it? She ber -came still and silent, mentally, liica deer half bent ready for flight. At first her heart heat so loudly it deafened ' her, and she did not hear what ho was saying to her. Ho only wanted to bo condoled with on. the loss of his hero. -,! fihe could'say quite honestly and readi ly thatahe vrau sorry he .had- gone - and left them, &c.; — cold words, meaning nothing more than ordinary politeness. But she saw Quarl making his way to ' wards her, and she felt that aho could \- not bear his keen surcaama and innuen does, so she got up and took the bishop :- to look at the devise for lighting the ;' statue of Night. . \ Quarl as yothad left her inpoace this [: ' evening, and seeing him approaching her now, inadehpr quiver -as though hot iron had been applied to her heart, The bishop h_d heard some part of the ghost story, and wa3 anxious to hear the whole of it, add see the oriel chamber. . So Hermiono called up Glsdys, and satdown in silence to listen aJso. She had never heard ! it so fully rohited as now by Gladys, and it- made nearly, as miich iinprcBaioncnher.asit ?lied done on Col. Myddlotcn. She was; indeed1 curiously enough, very much in tho same state of mind ho had beenin when it was told to him. 'Iain1 cure lie would' have come back. ? They' killed him and thea. told her that Btory,' sho osidj looking up,- as Gladys . :' ended. ' 'Why, lone, thati3 ivliat Colonel' Myddlcfcon said,' e_cTaimcd GLidys. ' It upsets him droadfuUy. I told him' the first night ho _xme hare last tiouii ' p.nd he made me take him and shov him the oriel chamber.' . . ' Suppose we go and see' it now/' said the bishop. ^ Hermione was 'beyond words... ' 'At any rate, he'has. acted up to tho ? first part— gone away,' said Quarl closii ?fco them. / The bishop turned round short and ;. looked at the speaker. 'Ah, Mr. Frecni?.n,' he said, thought fully. ???Evan if they killed Myddlctoh, I believe he 'would come b:icL\ I never knew^any man on whose honour I would bo entirely rely.' ' In— deed!' said Quarl. . ? . They all went to the oriel chamber. , andup-the great Btaircase. Hermiono folt faint and dizzy with tho recollec tion of the night of the tableaux and P.tood alnTm ai: t.lin. tnr.t nf fl-in afimo looking up at the rest, v 'Would you, too, rely on Colonel Myddieton honour, Miss St. Joh_r'- said Quarl. r Sho lookodround at him quietly with maasvxelsmi scorn in her cleai-, bright eyes, and she said — ; 'To tlie death !' ... . (To be contumed). 