SOME HORSES. Being further observations by the travellers by Cobb's coach. As the crossing of Deader's Creek hove in sight the drover announced the ter mination of the first stage of the journey. The coach dashed dowu the bank, and plunging with a hump into the loose sand of the creek bed, as usual she flung all the passengers of the driver's end upon their opposite fellows. This feature in coach travelling, characteris tically exaggerated in Cobb, is not always particularly pleasant. Still, it may happen that your opposite fellow traveller is charmante, and, being pro pelled into her arms, your unpleasant ness is at least reduced to a minimum. But under no circumstances can it be said to be nice to have a Chinaman flung at your head, and our parson's face, revealed to us when Johnny had thoroughly disentangled himself, was a study. It was, indeed, a trying circum stance, but the good man merely re marked that it was very uncomfortable. However, all was equilibrium when tbe coach pulled up in a thick cloud of dust. " I suppose we'll stretch our legs a bit," said Tony. Indeed we all would. So there was a general exodus from the coach, as there always is at the stages. It is a kind of duty the traveller feels this getting out and " stretch your legs." But, hot and uncomfortable as it had been inside, it was even worse out in the sand, dust and glare. With both feet in the grave—and a hot. sandy one too—walk ing was out of the question. As the dust cleared a clump of box trees was gradually revealed overhanging the space which, enclosed by four horizontal sap lings, did duty for a yard. To its shade we with one mind turned. The yard was at that moment too revealed to the driver, and that yard was empty. Im mediately a storm burst from that worthy—a torrent of dictionaried anglo saxoii, thunder and lightning of undic tionaried anglo-saxon. Johnnie stood with mouth and eyes open, spellbound, staring at the driver. Probably he had never heard English as she is spoke, spoken like this. We hastened off to the shade whither the parson had fled in very hot haste regretting the absence of such things as carlids from the an atomy of the genus homo. The storm was unheeded by the stoic of a stageman, who, assisted by the travelling groom, was quietly unhooking the team, aud it was still at its fury when we reached the shade and squatted down among the ants. I say " shade," but I believe the word which exactly describes the dimmed glare beneath our Queensland bush trees has yet to be coined. " What a dreadful being," murmured the parson. Then there came a sudden and un accountable lull. " What-t?" yelled Ben (the driver), " Molly's filly ? Molly's filly led them out, was it ? Then why—(several words I am not able to Pitman here)—why didn't you say so at first ?" Then an exclamation of astonishment, and, in stead of a dccrescendo of anathemas, the linguistical disturbance rippled off in laughter. To the parson, the drover, and myself the sudden change was inexplicable, but the brothers, David and Tony, were un mistakably chuckling. They knew Ben We did not. I was about to enquire of them the individuality of Molly's filly, when the cleric once more mur mured, " Dear me ! What a dreadful being !" "Dreadful," said Tony, "to the Btagemau who lets the horses get out of tbe yard—unless Molly's filly leads them, eli Dave?" " But what," asked the drover. " has Molly's filly to do with it ? Pet horse ?" "Molly's filly." stated David, "is a pet horse of old Ben's as Molly was be fore her. He has some wonderful yarns about the pair of 'em. When lie comes over we'll got liim to spin them. It will pass the. time while the groom and the stageman are hunting in the horses, harnessing and yoking up—that'll take a good bit. Tony and I have heard him before. We've travelled many hundreds of miles by Ben. He's very good com pany, but all his yarns are about horses. He's seen some remarkable ones too, I imagine." " Still he has a very bad habit of swearing," rejoined the parson. " Only at times he's so bad. You may be with him all day and scarcely hear one word. You pull up maybe at the last stage, and the horses are not in. My word he makes up tben." " Well, it's not too nice a thing to pull up after a long dry stage and find no fresb horses to go on with," re marked the drover. " Still it may not have been the poor fellow's fault the horses got away," the clergyman stated. " No," I put in, " some horses are very bard to keep in yards—especially such improvised ' yards' as we have here." " Right you are there," said Tony, "horses will get out of tbe best yards sometimes." " And stables too. Do you remember cousin Reggie's old horse Jim ? ' Locks, bolts and bats,' Reggie used to say. 'Jim's like Jove, he laughs at 'em.' No, it was of little use trying to keep Jim in. Reggie used to say—Reggie lived in the States yon know—that that knowing old Jim would get out of an iron safe. Of course we never took that in, but still Jim undoubtedly was a cunning creature." " Why did not your cousin put a lock on the stable door?" asked the clergy man. " Well," continued David, " Reggie was one of those who would lose a key twenty times a day, so locks would have been a very expensive item. But even tually he did so, but he lost Jim over it." •' How ?" asked the drover, evidently interested. " Why, it killed the horse." " He swallee 1" said Johnnie, who had joined us. " No. Jim died of a broken heart, I rather think. It was this way : Locks with keys were out of the question. Reggie hit on the idea of having one of those ring-lettered locks. Of course you all know them. They consist of rings with the alphabet printed on each. You twist the rings till the letters form a certain word, then tbe lock opens. Reggie went to a maker of these, and bad one made to open at the word Jim —the horse's name—thinking be would not forget that. Having placed the, food and water in the stable, he fitted the lock to the lower half of the stable door, leaving the other back. ' There,' says he, 'my fine Jimmie, that'll keep you in.' It did. Early in the morning Reggie came down to the stable. There was the old horse staring like mad at the lock. Surely enough he had worked it round to J I M, but be was beaten. He had left his food untasted and spent the whole night in vain. Reggie was sure he died of disap " " But excuse me, sir," interrupted the parson, " but you certainly told us the lock opened at the word Jim." j " Quite right," replied David, " but you see, sir, my cousin always spelt Jim j with « big G." | Our laughter was interrupted by Ben i calling out to tbe groom and etageman, | who had mounted two of the team bare backed and started after the change i horses— I " Hurry up now, and bring Molly's filly—if you can catch her easy." As he walked towards us, whip in hand, he added. " I'm mistaken if we shan't have a wet track, and she's worth all the rest together on the blacksoil." " It's hot enough for anything." " Hot and dry. Dreadfully dry," said David, mournfully mopping the perspiration. " Suppose you can't put us upon a find of whisky, Ben ?" " Not more easily than a find of gold," replied Ben, "unless—unless that case of yours on board contains any. It do look mortal like grog." " It is grog if it's on board," said David. " It's 011 board." " Hurrah !" ejaculated Tony, " we're saved. I move the House adjourn for refreshment." The House adjourned accordingly. The tool box furnished the case opener, and the stageman's watcrbag the neces sary amount of dilution. Even the par son, victim of circumstance, was forced, after very much persuasion, to take just about a small tesspoonful to take off tbe effects of the bad water. Johnnie was not so modest by about half a pannikin. " I'm glad," whispered David to me, as we strolled back to the shade, " that we were able to induce our clerical friend to take a drop or two. Mutton broth and beef tea are probably very good things in their way and separately mind, but a combined flavor of dead monkey, emu and dear little joey would hardly be acceptable to a delicate stomach such as his. Put but a drop or so of good whisky in, and there's only one flavor and a good one too, providing the whisky's whisky and not Parmer's Friend." When we reached the box clump, the driver, Ben, had already been persuaded by the company to enlighten tliem as to Molly's filly. " Pets ?" be was saying, " well I sup pose they was, but I never see a pair like 'em. Headstrong—it wasn't the word. There was old Molly as ugly a little black mare as could be—mind you to them as doesn't know tbe p'ints of a horse. Put her on a track, any sort o1 track—wet or dry—any sort o' load —'eavy or light—no whip, mind you, no whip—put her on a track, an' she wouldn't stop till you told her. Well, begging your pardon, not at all when you told her, but not till I sing out— Whee-o-o-up, Mol-ly; wouldn't stop for anything or anybody else, and that's how I lost her. In this wise it was : It was my last trip on the Yululoo road, and the last stage in, driving fine, Molly in the lead. On'y one passenger aboard —a commercial (tho' I say it there's 'nuflf commercials in this colony to keep it poor. But that's neither here nor there.) This commercial being, as I said, the on'y passenger, he ups 'long side me on the box. He had a bottle of the finest blend of whisky I tasted for many a long day—twenty years in the wood. Whether it was the whisky or no got into his head I can't say. (Seein' as he being a commercial I shouldn't think it likely), but suddenly he takes it into his head he could stop Molly. I larfed at hiru. 'Im-poss-ible,' sez I. ' Bet you anythin', sez he. ' I've never seen me look on a boss I couldn't pull up.' 'Not without me tellin' her,' I sez.' ' Ne'er a word from you,' sez he. ' What'll bet ?" ' Bottle this whisky.' ' Done !' sez I, and I've been sorry ever since I said ' Done.' Howsumever we pulls up in the bush, takes Molly out with the winkers on, and be collars the reins in his hands, then gets behind her and tells her to go. Away she went right 'nuflf at an easy trot, he, with the ribbons twisted round his wrists, after her. Then he tries to stop her. Lord, just might 'a tried to stop a locomotive or the wind. Away they went, he hol lerin* and bellerin.' 'Twas gettin' dark, and in a few minutes I lost sight of both, and from that day to this I never seed eyther Molly nor the commercial. (Thus far I believe the parson, who had apparently forgotten Ben's proclivity to the abuse of the undictionaried portion of our language, believed in the truth of the narrative. If anything shook that belief it was the sequel.) But I since heard that no less than three cockatoo squatters in those parts had chucked up their land and gone elsewhere, because the road was haunted by a ghost man running at the heels of a ghost mare, a-hollerin' and a-bellerin' for her to stop." The drover murmured, " That's a good 'un. I never heard it before." And the reverend gentleman said, " I think I conld have questioned itbut at that moment the horses appeared and were driven in, and the harnessing up began. "There she is," said Ben, "there's Molly's filly—as ugly a little black mare as you want to see, to them as doesn't know the p'ints of a horse. Glad she's there. She'll pull ur through anyhow." " Is she good in the traces ?" I asked. It set the ball rolling again. " Pull," he went on, "is it pull you say? Look here. Last flood time I took that very coach, as stands there, along this self-same track. The roads was bad. Every few yards down the passengers had to get and pick the soil out from between the wheels and the body of the coach. But long after dark we got to Skeleton Flat, about two miles from town, and there we sank till the wheels was pretty well out of sight, and there we stuck. Now Molly, here, she'd hardly tightened the traces all stage, the artful minx. So I just touched her with the whip—a thing I never does. Would you believe it? Whish went her tail, back went her ears, and away she goes. The other four horses couldn't get their feet, but away she went, horses, coach, passengers and mails—how the traces stood it I don't know—twelve miles an hour, and pulls up, us in a heap, outside the post offiee, and blow me if we didn't find out then that we'd left the wheels back in the mudhole of Skeleton Flat!" " That's a better one," ejaculated the drover, " long time since I heard one to cap that." I have often noted the capacity of new chums for swallowing yarns, but I must say I was surprised to hear the cleric ask— " A wonderful mare indeed. Two miles did yon say, driver ?" " Two good miles if a foot," Ben replied. " Whee-o-o-up, Molly" (to the marc who was resenting the opera tion of harnessing to the utmost of her ability.) "And you didn't find out that the wheels were left behind till you got in ?" " Lord ! no sir, the road was so soft you see, it was like a sleigh ride. Stead-dee, Molly. Whoa—She's gone. —the brute—No ! Now, little girl," and Ben turned away to assist, un willing, perhaps, to be cross-examined. The parson wore a worried look, while the drover was exercising his memory to rake up a yarn to top Ben's. He didn't succeed then, but he may have done so since. We got away at last, and we found ourselves bowling along the blacksoil track, but without the aid of the ugly little black mare. Last time I saw her she was kicking np her heels on the edge of the timber a mile away with half her harness on her. I felt rather re lieved that she was not in the team. " Me no likee 1st mare," remarked the Chinaman. " She too muchee kiokee, kickee, too muchee gallopee, gallopee. Me likee horsee iogee, jogee, callee plen tee turnipee, plentee cabbagee." " I faucy Ben has somewhat wrongly estimated that mare," I said, " she ap pears to me little more than a brumbie." " She doesn't look great shakes," said Tony, " she's a bit too lively." The drover then addressed the parsoD, " Undoubtedly, Mister, you have had a lot of experience with horses in this and the old country, and find ours very rough in comparison to the well-broken carefully-fed and stabled animals in England f" " No," he replied, " I cannot say I have had much experience. I was brought up in a city, and my mama was too nervous to allow me to go near a horse. He was sorry such had been the case. A little training at home would have aided him here. He had heard that station hands were very fond of playing tricks upon new chums by putting them upon untrusty horses. Such bad not been his experience so far. He had had one horse lent bim—it was to ride into town, a reputed eight miles. He left at two, and reached the town by sunset. The time might have been taken up by the horse persisting in feed ing as he went along. Still that was not a trick played by the station man ager." " You sayee tlick!" put in the China man. " Me know tlick. Me tellee. Bianbi, fior Klestimassee, after ine buy wite man's garden longa Wogga Wogga, me wantee buy horsee—callee turnipee, cabbagee longa Wogga Wogga. liis man blingee horsee—wite horsee—-jog gee, joggee up-down load. Me say, ' Wellee good horsee; me no wantee wite horsee ; me wantee yellee horsee ! Itisraan say, ' Allight, me bling mn yellee horsee mollee.' Bianbi blingee yellee horsee ! Good horsee! ' How muchee ?' ' One pound !' ' Allight me buyee one pound—payee Flidee!' ' Al light, me turn im in paddikee.' Bianbi lain fallee, fallee ! Me look! Horsee all wite! Me tink, Ilishman playee tlick. Allight, me play Ilishman tlick. Me takee sillin, paintee all yellee, yellee all over. Flidee come. Me lidee into Wogga Wogga. Sellee cabbagee, tur nipee. Me payee Ilishman sillin! Ilis man callee, ' Hi! liss sillin all paintee!' Me sayee,' Allight, me know, spose you turn im in paddikee. Bianbi lain come, paintee alloe come off! Goo' bi!" —XlAN N. 