General Booth on the Sacraments. THE Rev. Dr. Lunn, writing in the Review of Reviews, thug describes the answer which General Booth gave to him when he asked him point-blank what was the teaching of the Salva- tion Army on the subject of the Sacraments. General Booth seems to have arrived at conclusions, very much akin to those of George Fox: "In my opinion it was a mistake to suppose that Jesus Christ institu- ted these ceremonials as they are practised to-day, and made the obli- gation to partake of them binding upon His people in all circumstances and for all time." "Would you define, General, for the benefit' of my readers, your general position with reference to the Sacraments ?" i "Certainly," said the - General. "In the first place, we do not con- sider that the Sacraments are essentials of salvation We hold that, through our Lord Jesus Christ, Faith, Hope, and Charity, with or without any formulse or ceremonies, will carry a man into heaven. " Secondly. With reference, to the question as to our Lord's intention to institute these as permanent ceremonies in the Church, we reply that there aro other ordinances, that are apparently commands of a similar character which the Church has universally agreed in not observ- ing. Tho most striking example of that is the command to wash one another's feet. We stand in relation to the ordinances of Baptism and the Lord's Supper where the whole Church stands to:day in relation to many customs which were prevalent in the Apostolic days. ..Thirdly. We came into this position originally by determining not to bo a Church. We did not wish to undertake the administration of the Sacraments and thereby bring our- selves into collision with existing Churches. ' " Fourthly. We were further driven to take up our present position by clergymen of the Church of England refusing to administer the rite to our soldiers because they had not gone through the form of confirmation. This created difficul- ties which seemed to me only ., to bo solved by the declaration of my own convictions that these Sacraments were not essential to salvation. "Fifthly. We have found the existing nations with reference to ordinances seriously interfering with the inculcation of right views of penitence and holy living. Men and women are constantly in danger of putting their trust in ordinances, and thinking that baptised communicants must be, in à secure position, no matter how inconsistently they are living. This leads us to say that as circumcision is nothing, so baptism is nothing-but the keeping the com- mandment of God. We attach great importance to that wonderful state- ment of John the Baptist,'I indeed baptise you with water . . but He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with Oro.* ' " Sixthly. Moreover I should like to emphasise the fact that this with us is not a settled question. We never declaimagainst the Sacraments ; wo never even state our own position. We are anxious not to destroy the confidence of Christian people in institutions which are helpful to them." " Do you substitute anything," ,1 asked the General, "for the Sacra- ments?" " Only so far," he said, " as to urge upon our soldiers in every meal they take to remember, as they break the bread, the broken body of our Lord, and as they drink the cup, His shed blood ; and every time they wash tho body, to remember that tho soul can only be cleansed by the purifying blood of Christ." 