Fanny Marson. Chapter vi. — judas confidential. A short distance from the mansion of Drjapix, on the road which ran from Ironfields to the dwellings of the magnates - of the city, stood a large, square stone house m a dreary piece of ground. The house itself was also remarkably dreary, being painted a dull gray, with ail the windows and doors dismally picked out in black. Two stories it was, with five windows in the top story facing the road, four windows and a door with a porch in the lower, and still deeper down the basements guarded at the sides of the house by spiky iron railings of a most resentful appearance. The garden in front had a broad walk running down to a rusty iron gate, on either side a plot of rank green grass, and in the centre of each church-yard-looking plot a tall, solemn cypress. The four lower windows opened like doors directly on to the grass- plots, but were always closed, as Mrs Binter (proprietress of this charming estab lishment) thought egress by the fune real front door was quite sufficient. Over the porch was a broad white board, whereon was inscribed in grim black letters, " Binter's Boarding house," and although the sight of the unwholesome house was enough to scare timid mortals, Binter's was generally well stocked, and the pro prietress did fairly well in her parti cular line of overcharging and , under feeding. A tall, gaunt, grim person was Mrs Binter, arrayed in a severe- looking dress of a dull gray color (like the house), and picked out in black (also like the house) by wearing an inky ribbon round her throat, a jet- trimmed gauze cap on her iron-gray hair, and rusty black mittens on her lean hands. She also wore round her; narrow waist a thin belt of black lea ther, attached to which by a steel chain was a large bunch of keys, which so jingled when she walked,' that in the twilight one could easy be lieve that Binter's was haunted by a gaunt ghost clanking its rusty chain through the dreary passages. Mrs Binter's papa (long since deceased) had been a warder in the country jail, and his one fair daughter having been brought up with an intimate .knowledge of prison life, had so ac customed herself to view the world through the bars of a jail, that she had become quite imbued with the routine, the traditions, and the spirit of a first-class penitentiary. It might have been hereditary, it mighf have been habitual, but Mrs Binter was certainly very jail-like in all her ways. Having captured Mr Binter (who had no mind of his own), she made him marry her, and for the rest of his life relegated him to the basement, where he did all the work of a '"boots" without the wages of one. His wife looked after the boar ders, whom she treated like prisoners, presiding at her own table, where the food was very plain and very whole some, seeing that they were in beds in their little cells at a ' proper hour, and altogether conducting the estab lishment in as near a manner approa ching the paternal system as she was able. Binter's was usually full, as Mrs B. always advertised it as being in the country, and the worked to- death clerks of Ironfields were glad i to get a breath of fresh air, even when attended by theinconvenience of living in a private jail. But in the evenings all the prison-boarders generally went out on a kind of ticket-of-leave (the understanding being that they were to be in before midnight), and Mrs Binter had the whole of her private jail to herself. On this evening, how ever, all the boarders had gone with the exception of Monsieur Judas, who was seated in a little cell (called by courtesy the drawing-room), before a feeble little fire which cowered in a large, cold grate. The room was scantily furnished in a very substan tial fashion, the chairs very straight in the backs, the sofa just short enough to prevent any one lying down comfortably, the ffoor covered with a black and white diamond oil cloth, cold and slippery, with a narrow ) .strip of woollen matting in front of the ' lire. If Mrs Binter could have chained the fireirons to the wall (after the most approved prison fashion), she no doubt would have been glad to do so ; but as she had to preserve a cer tain appearance of freedom (for which she was profoundly sorry), she let them lie loose, and Monsieur Judas was now sitting with the tongs in his hand adding little bits of coal to the shivering fire. Mrs Binter having as certained through one of the head- warders (the housemaid) that Mon- .gieur Judas was going to stay in ali the evening, regarded this as an in fringement of the ticket-of-leave sys tem, and went up to the drawing-room cell to speak to him. Judas heard the rattle of the keys, and knew the head- jailer was coming along, but without desisting from his employment he raised his crafty eyes to the gaunt figure that speedily stood before him. ' Ain't yon goin' out ?' queried the gaunt figure, folding its arms, that is, the fingers of each hand grasped the elbows of the other arm. 4 De fogs is too moch,' responded Judas, picking up another bit of coal, 4 an' I am chez moi for a frien'. ' ' Oh, that's it, munseer,' said the head-jailer, rattling her keys, ' you're expectin' of a friend ! Why ain't you goin' back to the shop ?' 4 Eh ! ma chere, non ! I am home to-ni.' ' You'll want the fire, I suppose,' remarked Mrs Binter, grudgingly, as if she would like to take it away with her, ' an' the lamp. I was goin' to put 'em both out, but if you must, you must. Would your friend like supper ?' ' ' je ne sais pas,' said Judas, putting down the tongs and shrugging his shoulders. ' No ! I do no so tink.' ' Supper's extra, you know,' ob served Mrs Binter, determined to have out of the supper what she was losing in the lamp and fire ; 4 but it ain't hospital to let a friend go away without a bite. It may be French manners,' added the jailer with scath ing irony, ' but it ain't English.' Monsieur Judas spread out his hands with a deprecating gesture, murmured something indistinct, and then relapsed into silence, much to the disappointment of Mrs Binter. 4 There's two legs of a fowl,' said the lady, rattling her keys. ' Binter was goin' to have 'em for his break fast ; but I can trim . 'em up with parsley, if you like, an' with bread an' cheese an' a bottle of that sour vinegar you call Julia, it'll be quite a little 'oliday for you.' Just at this, moment the bell rang, and Mrs Binter hastening to the front door, admitted Mr Tanks, took him in charge, and having delivered him over to the safe custody of Monsieur Judas, retired with a final rattle of the keys in deep wrath at her failure with the supper idea. Octavius, who looked rather pale, but with a stern expression on his face, slipped off his fur coat, and having surveyed Judas with a calculating expression, sat down by the fiction of a fire, the Frenchman taking a seat opposite. ' I do wait for you,' said Monsieur Judas, smoothing one lean hand with the other, and letting his eyelids droop over his crafty eyes. 4 Speak French,' replied Fanks, in that language ; ' we'll understand one another better if you do.' 4 Eh, certainly, my friend, said Judas, rapidly, ' it is easier for me. You speak French very well ; eh, yes, very well, monsieur.' Fanks acknowledged this compli ment with a stiff nod, and plunged at once into the object of his visit. ' Now, Monsieur Guinaud, about your friend, Melstane ?' ' Eh ! a moment, if you please,' hissed Judas, in his low, soft voice, holding up his hand. ' Before we speak of the poor Melstane let us understand each other, monsieur. That is but right, my friend.' 4 Yes, it is but right ; what do you want to know ?' Monsieur Judas placed his elbows on his knees, warmed his claw-like hands over the fire, add looked cun ningly at the detective before speak ing. £ Your name, monsieur ?' ' Rixton.' 4 It is very well — that name, Mon sieur Fanks,' replied Judas, with a mocking smile. ' You know my real name, I see,' rejoined Octavius, without moving a muscle of his face. 4 1 compliment you on your penetration.' 4 Eh, it is not much,' said the Frenchman, with a deprecatory shrug. 4 Monsieur Vosk he reads to me the papers of Jarlcesterre, and I find one Monsieur Fanks, agent of the police, to be present. He has the box which my poor friend had for the pills. A stranger comes to me and shows the same box, and I say : 4 Monsieur Fanks.' Is that not so ?' 4 Well, you've read the papers,' ob- served Fanks, slowly, 4and knowall the circumstances of your friend's death.' 4 The papers say he gave himself the death, monsieur.' 4 And what do you say ?' 4 Eh, I do not know,' replied Mon sieur Judas, shrugging his shoulders, and opening his eyes to the fullest .extent (the guileless look. 4 What is the opinion of monsieur ?' Mr Fanks thought a moment or two before replying. He wanted to find out all about Melstane's past life, and no one could tell him so much as the fellow-lodger of the dead man. Judas, however, was no ordinary man, and would not speak freely unless he knew the whole circumstances of the case. Now Fanks did not trust Ju das in any way. He did not like his appearance, nor his manner, nor any thing -about him, and would have pre ferred him to remain in ignorance of his (Fanks') suspicions. But as he could not find out what he wanted to know without telling Judas his sus picions without letting him know more than he cared to, Octavius was rather in a dilemma. Guinaud saw this and put an end to his hesitation in a most emphatic fashion. 4 Monsieur, I see, does not trust me,' he said, with an injured air. 4 Monsieur would know all and tell nothing. But no, certainly that will not be pleasing to me. Figure to yourself, monsieur. I am a French man, me, I am a man of honor, is it not so ? Monsieur knows all of the case ; but I — eh ? I may know some thing of good also. If monsieur shows me his heart, the heart of Jules Gui naud is open to him. There it is,' Not the heart of Monsieur Guinaud, but the statement of Guinaud's feel ings ; so Fanks, seeing that he must either give confidence for confidence or remain ignorant, chose the former alternative, and spoke out. 4 Very well, I will tell you what I think, but of course you will keep our conver sation secret.' Judas blew an airy kiss with alight touch of the long fingers on his mouth, and laughed pleasantly. 4 My faith, yes. Monsieur is the soul of honor, and I, Monsienr Fanks — eh, is it not the name ? — I am the resemblance of that soul. What you speak this night drops into the open heart of me. Snip, as say you Eng lish, I close the heart. The talk is safe ; but, yes — you understand.' 4 Then that's all right,' said Fanks, grimly ; 4 we may as well proceed to business. As Mr Wosk translated to you, the papers say Melstane com mitted suicide — gave himself the death ! Comprehend you, eh ? Very well. 1 say no. It was a crime ! Melstane was murdered.'. 4 And by whom, monsieur ?' 4 That's what I've got to find out.' 4 And the opinion of monsieur ?' 4 I will explain. Melstane had a box of tonic pills with him, contain ing, when it left your shop, 12 pills.' 4 It is true, monsieur, 12 pills.' 4 I can account for 6 pills, and in the box at present there are 8.' 4 I understand,' said Judas, quickly. 4 Two pills were placed in the box by an unknown. Those two pills con tained poison. The poor Melstane took one pill of poison, and died. Monsieur has taken the pills to mon sieur Dr japix to find the other pill.' 4 You are perfectly right,' said Fanks, rather astonished at the rapi dity with which the assistant grasped the case. 4 Eh, monsieur, I am not blind,' replied Judas, shrugging his shoul ders ; 4 and now monsieur wants to find the unknown who placed the pills of poison in the box.' 4 Exactly ! And to do so I want you to tell me all you know about Sebastian Melstane's life here,' an swered Fanks, producing his secre tive little note-book. Monsieur Gui naud looked thoughtfully at the fire, then glanced up at the ceiling, and at length brought his eyes (guileless expression) to rest on the face of Mr Fanks. 4 It is difficult to make the commencement,' he said, speaking slowly, as if he weighed every word.; 4 Behold, monsieur, I make the story to myself this way : My poor Sebas tian, he is an artist. Eh ! not what you call a great artist for the Salon in London, but good in the pictures. Oh ! yes, much of the talent. Six months ago, in London, he beholds a pretty lady. It is Mees Mar-rson, the daughter of the very rich mon sieur of this town. My friend has the grand passion for the charming mees— eh ! I believe it well — and. comes to this town to say 4 I love you !' Alas, he finds that the too charming mees is to marry the rich Monsieur Sp — Sp — I cannot say your English names.' 4 S.polger !' 4 But certainly that is the name./ Yes ! she is to marry this rich mon sieur ; but my brave Sebastian, he mocks himself of that. Here in this house he stays, and I make myself his friendship. He tells me all his love. The father of my charming mees is enraged, and forbids my friend to look, to see, to speak with the beautiful child. But she has a heart, this angel, and loves to distrac tion the handsome' boy, my friend. They meet, they talk, they write the letters, and monsieur the father knows nothing. Then to this pen sion there comes Monsieur Axton.' 4 Axton?' said Fanks, biting his lips. 4 Yes, truly 1 You know him ? Eh! it is strange,' said Judas, inquisitively. 4 It is well, it is well, I know him,' replied Fanks, waving his hand im patiently ; 4goon, Monsieur Guinaud.' Very well ! This monsieur Roger has the love, for the beautiful Mees Var-rlins ! Eh ! you understand ? He goes to the house, and is a friend of monsieur the father. The poor Sebastian and this monsieur have not the friendship. Monsieur Roger tells the dear Mees Var-rlins of the meet ings of Mees Mar-rson and my friend. Mees Mar-rson is taken away to the lie de Vite ; monsieur Roger also goes in August. The brave Sebas tian, he mocks himself, and moves not. When they return, Mees Var- rlins is the chaperon of the angel, and she meets not my friend. This Sebastian insults Roger as a spy— a villain, and Roger departs in October.' 4 Departs for what place?' asked Fanks, making a note of the month. 4 1 do not know,' replied Judas, with a characteristic shrug; 4monsieur Roger is not my friend. In Novem ber, my Sebastian, he says to me : 4 It is well ; I go to Jarlchesterre.' 4 What did he mean by 4 it is well ?' 4 But, monsieur, I am in darkness. Yes, truly. He had visited the house of monsieur le pilule.' 4 You mean Spolger's house ?' 4 Yes! He sees monsieur le pilule to speak of his love for Mees Mar- rson. When he returns to this pen sion, he says : 4 It is well; I go to Jarlchesterre ' — no more. Then my friend, the brave Sebastian, goes to Jarlchesterre, and I see him no more.' 4 An interview between Melstane and Spolger could hardly have been satisfactory,' said Fanks, looking keenly at the Frenchman. 4 Eh, monsieur, I know nothing of that,' answered Judas, with his guile less look. 4 Why did Melstane go to Jarlches- ter, of all places in the world ?' 4 I have told monsieur everything,' said Guinaud, with oily politeness. 4 Humph ! I'm doubtful of that,' muttered Fanks, thoughtfully. 4 And is that all you know ?' ( 51; ! what would you ?' 4 It doesn't throw any light on the murder.' . 4 Wait, monsieur,' said Judas, ear nestly, 4 a moment. One night be: fore my friend went away,. Mees Var- rlins stop her carriage at Mh'e shop. She comes in to me and' says : 44 I cannot get a stamp of postage. Have you a stamp of postage ?' I say yes, and give her a stamp of postage. She places the stamp of postage on a letter, and goes away in the carriage. I see the letter.' 4 And the name on the letter ?' 4 Monsieur Roger "Axton, Jarlces terre,' said Judas, quietly: 4 now ! eh ! you see ?' to be continued. 