IN THE BAR PARLOR. ' I cannot get out of my head,' said the Insignificant Man, ' the goings on of (hat Counoil. They appear to be sore over something or other, and are asserting their privileges without mistake. They show Tasmanians every day who rnns the role over them. 'And ehow Tasmanians every day the necessity for greater reform in the way of liberalising the Par liament,' observed the Editor. ' Quite possibly ; but in the meantime we are to suffer. They are smarting nnder the imposition of the Income Tax Bill I shouldn't wonder. Not that it touches any of them to any extent — at least they can take it ont of their em ployees' wages — but it does touch them a little. They fairly went into hysterics over that Launceston Corporation Bill, and cut it op so disgracefully that its own mother wouldn't know it again. It had a bad time with the members.' ' Their billioueness was a self evident fact,' remarked the Snub Editor, who is apt to be a little billious himself at times, and con sequently understands such thing*, ' and anyone who witnessed the off hand fashion in which they chewed up the bill could form no other opinion than that they were actuated by motives of pure wantonness. There wete clauses inserted which could not do any harm, yet were not en perfl nous, and out they went. They are going to ring out the last act with blue 6re and a grand smash up.' ' They may get smashed up themselves next sesaion of Parlia ment,' replied the Insignificant Man, ' for I believe we will then be in a position to accomplish a good deal. But I am sick of the subject — sick of seeing Greed last ing for the flesh-pots of Egypt at a time when all that is good in mankind ebould be upon the sur face.' * ♦ * ' That Mockery,' said Jim the Luney, ' U a curious paper. Es sentially a Dobsonian organ it does curious things. The other day it asked ' Why do village settlements fail ?' That's a bit of a lemon bite and no mistake. Well why do they fail?' ' They fail for many reasons,' replied the Sunday Reporter. ' One is the wrong application of the voting system. It is not pos sible in any commuinty when an arbitrary rale exists to make a success of anything. But it is a queer query from the Mockery.' ' Our argnment raised by tbe Conservative party against the single voting system is that each man is not as good as his neighbor, but is better.' ' How can each man be better than his neighbor pray ?' asked the Snub Editor. ' Well, what I mean is that they eay that the leaders of a party, if they are good leaders, are worth ever so much of the rank and file.' ' Just so. But that does not en title them to ever so manA* votes. Let a man be ever so humble or lowly he, because he is a man, has a right to select equally with any other man whom he chooses to he a leader and who shall make his laws for him and govern him. He has that right above all other rights, for all, or nearly all, other selections are made by virtue of necessity. And it is for that reason that they would keep to those monopolies which is bred in the bone of this second generation of overseers. ' * # # ' His Excellency of the Yellow cart is a man of ranch chorchdom,' said the Government House Man. ' He drives to church with the greatest regularity.' ' He must have a deal upon his conscience,' remarked the Pub lisher. ' I never find it necessary to go at all.' ' You may fear that the roof would come in perhaps. But there is one little incongruity iu these devotions of the vice- regal fat person, and that is in his coachman He walka the horses all over the town during church service nnd never has the ghost of a show to shv his prayers uuless he has a buck in on tbe box.' ' Perbaps it is not considered necessary to save his soul. He's not anybody of i.ny count,' put in Ihfe Spotting Reporter. ' But I'll lay a pony to a jam tart he's as much a chanoe with Peter as old Gormy.' 'One would think they would find a stable bandy and give him a show,' mused the Worm. ' Anyone would think you were going to make prayers a matter of compulsion, and not of free agency,' snapped the Snub Editor. ' How do you know he wants to go to church at all P. It'e like, yonr tn fernal impudence canvassing the man's affairs.'; ' Speaking of churches,' said the Sunday Man, 'I see ex-Dean D and as is on the advertising job still to get rid of bis furniture. What on earth did ho want with all those things P Beautiful lace bed hangings and baths on the latest pattern, carpets, galore, and all on the most expensive scale.' 'Ton see,' interrupted the Bottle-holder, 'when there is a kick-up amongst the parsons and a few come over they* put up frith him.' , ? ' They do nothing of the sort. An odd Bishop or two might if he was in anybody's way; but they give the Coffee Palace a turn They've got a harmonium there on purpose.' ' Well, you wouldn't have deans and canons aud such like live like ordinary men, would you ? ' queried the Worm. 'Oh, a canon isn't anybody. Only an old fogie of a smooth bore. An old gun of no account. But wben he's made a dean — ob, jumpin' ! don't he put on airs of grace.' * ? * ' Monopolies creep upon Tasmania on every side,' said the Athletic Reporter, ' and I hear of another contemplated change of affairs which will put Southern Tas manian trade at least in tbe hands of two Sims, and practically into one. I got it on the quiet last Sunday at a dog fight. One of the directors had slipped away from his missus to see tbe fun, and he told me.' ' Monopolies are objectionable from every point of view,' re sponded the Editor, ' the more so in a email place like this. I cannot for the life of me see how it goes on as it does.' ' Simple enough ; you see a few public men holddirectorates in every company, end whenever there is any opposition to their control they .look ont for the best way to obviate it. If they cannot do otherwise they buy the new comer out. It is easy enough to kid the public that to be conservative is to bold Tas mania for the Tasmanians, and then the pnblic rash like sheep nt the barking of a dog, forgetting that the very ones who drive are for the most part leeches who have been kicked out of everywhere else, and have crawled here to do a little blood-sucking. A man must go away from home to be believed in. No Tasmanien ever does any good at home.' ' That is true,' said the Poet, ' and another instance cornea to hand in the West Const trade. Wben there was opposition a man conld get aronnd there for next to nothing, 7s. 6d. and tucker or some thing of the kind ; but now it's a bit different. Yep, monopolies ere a curse all round, only there are fools who cannot see it.' ? # * ' That Mayor of ours,' said the Police Court Reporter, ' inspected the foorce on Monday last, and rubbed it in pretty thick too. He dwelt nt great length on the virtue of the Roberts before him. They were above suspicion, he explained to the reporters, and then lie went on to bid each copper beware of bribery and corruption. The blue bottle who took a tip was a lost soul for ever/ and ever. He had no doubt but that never a one of them had ever a free drink even. Far from it, for Tasmania was a mod« 1 to the world, and don't you forget it.' ' I shouldn't have thought there whs any occasion for it,' remarked the Publisher dryly. ' Prom what little I know of the men they are all right. But I peppese it was necessary to explain that they are a very moral lot.' ' There are some persons who are common place enough to hold that it is not necessary for a vir tuous man or woman to proclaim the fact from the housetops, and it is only those who fear that the public may have formed a different impression who consider it incum bent upon them to give forth their innocence to the world. Bnt 1 suppose it is all right, onherwise His Worship wouldn't have taken so nflttjh ttfouble over it.' 'TJhe question of fees does strike J me as a little queer,' said the Poet.j ' You Bee Superintendent Pedder j lately qualified himself to earn fees! as a lawyer, yet after ^hat was j said on Monday, as apolibejaan, heJ would feel indifferent^^ that! subject That's the beapy of an j autocracy, one man everyftjipg. Wea will ptit it in this way : C,~ J Ob, we live in an age of maMV^oes, j .. ¥te live in* time ofjear, z£?, ' 4 When none'll trust thoTother-aog, .1 1 ' Lest that other dog fub queer. ] Korcvcn the super bold himself Would scorn to accept a faeV Although by Act of PwliamSHt A Gent by law is he, — «'— ! And then the Mayor hfmseltsotn mends J A strictly virtuous course jss But a six-Bnd-eightpeijny lawyer's fee J Is a different kind ofiiorae. A Lite the Mikado of Japan, ? '- ?TbB super, don't you see, r?~ 14 tret just occasionally teel . In a bit of a quandary. .'. As Superintendent of folico A bribe be must refuse, Set, ' legally ' a fee or two ?; May pocket if he choose. Again tbe ruagsmen bold may feel On entering tbe court, The better to defend bis case, Retain the flup. tetraght. And then the beak upon the bench . May hear the fenper plead j , .; But as Jiolice commissioner Act differently indeed. The man of many Offices Can take unto himself Tbe practice of the one which draws The greatest pile of pelf. Cau likewise after office hours Remove the peeler's coat, And in the wig and gown of law Sail in auqther boat Why not take holy orders, And every Sabbath day Save those lost souls which in the week Strayed from the narrow wayf The complexity of the Poet's suggestions struck us so forcibly that we adjourned for the night to think them out calmly. 