— — — — — — — — — — FICTION. The Seventh Step. (Continued. ' What is the meaning of this ?' I began. ' The note will tell you,' she re plied. I Oh, yes, I am well, quite well — I have told my uncle all about my deception on board the Ariadne. For God's sake don't keep me now. If I am discovered all is lost.' She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, abso lutely silent movement and disap peared. I could not tell why, but when I was left once more alone, I felt a chill running through me. I went deliber ately up to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy lock. The splendid bedroom was bright as day with elec tric light. Standing by the door I opened Miss Sorensen's note. My horrified eyes fell on the following words ; — ' We receive no mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you found out the secret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutely and irrevocably sealed when you Baw my real name on the packet of letters which fell out of the brass bouud box to-day. The secret of my return to Hussia is death to those who discover it unbidden. ' It is decreed by those who never alter nor change that you do not leave this palace alive. It is utterly hope less for you to escape, for on all hands the doors are guarded : and even if vou did succeed in reaching the street, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our work for us. You know enough of our secret to make your death desirable — it is arranged therefore that you are to die. I like you and pity you. I have a heart, and you have touched it. If I can I will save you. I do this at the risk of my life, buttbat does not matter — we hold our lives cheap — we always carry them in ber hands, and we are always ready to lay them down at any instant. I may not succeed in saving you, but I will try. I am not quite certain how your death is to be accomplished, but I have a very shrewd suspicion of the manner in which the final attack on your life will be made. Your only chance — remember, your only chance of escape — is to appear to know abso lutely nothing — to show not the ghost of a suspicion of any underhand prac tices ; to put forth all your powerB to fascinate and please Professor Soren- sen and the guests who will dine with us to-night. Show no surprise at any thing you see — ask no impertinent questions. I have watched you, and I believe you are clever enough and have sufficient nerve to act as I sug gest. Pay me all the attention in your power — make love to me even a little, if you like— that will not matter, for we shall never meet again after to-night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor Sorensen to his laboratory — he will ask no other guests to do this. On no account refuse — go with him and 1 will go with you. "Where he goes and where I go, follow without flinching. If you feel astonished do not show it. And now, all that I have said leads up to this final remark. Avoid the seventh step. Bear this in your mind— it's your last chance. Da.gjtar. I read this note over twice. The terrible feelings of horror left me after tliA Hnnnrid readinp. I felt braced and resolute. I suspected, what waB indeed the case, that I had fallen un wittingly into a hornet's nest of Nihilists. How mad I had been to come to Professor Sorensen's palace ! I had fully made up my mind that Miss Sorensen had told me lies, when she gave me her feeble reasons for acting as she had done on board the Ariadne. No matter that now, how ever, she spoke the troth at last. The letter I crushed in my hand was not a lie. I resolved to be wary, guarded — and when the final moment came, to sell my life dearly. I had a box of matches in my poc ket. I burnt the note to white ashes, and then crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then went down stairs. . Servants were standing about, who quickly directed me to the reception- rooms. The powdered footmen flung the door of the great drawing room open and called my name in a ringing voice. Professor Sorensen came for ward to meet me. A lady came up at the same moment and held out ber hand. She was dressed in black vel vet, with rich lace and many magnifi cent diamonds. They shone in her sandy hair and glistened round her thin throat. I started back in amaze ment. Here was Sister Hagar meta- morphosed. ' Allow me to introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen,' said the Pro fessor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful finger and smiled into my face. ' You look astonished and no won der Dr Halifax ?' she said. ' But, ah, how naughty you have been to read our secrets.' She turned away to apeak to another guest. The next moment dinner was announced. As we sat round the dinner table we made a large party. Men and women of many nationalities were present, but I quickly perceived, to my surprise, that I was the guest of the evening. To me was given the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame Sorensen to the head of the V table, and in honor of me also, Eng lish— by common consent— was the language spoken at dinner. Miss Sorensen sat a little to my left —she spoke gaily to her neighbor . and her ringing sihery laugh floated often to my ears. There had beei» some little excitement caused by the , bursting of a large bomb in one of the principal streets that evening. Inadvertently I alluded to- it to my hostess. She bent towards me, and, said in a low voice : ' Excuse me, Dr Halifax, but we never talk politics in St. Peters burg.' She had scarcely said this before she began to rattle off some brilliant opinions with regard to a novel which was just then attracting public atten tion in England. Her remarks were terse, cynical, and intensely to the point. Prom one subject of interest to another she leaped, Bhowing dis cernment, discrimination, and a wide and exhaustive knowledge of every thing rhe touched upon. As I listened to her and replied as pertinently as possible, a sudden idea came to me which brought consider able comfort with it. I began to feel more and more assured that Miss SorenseDS warning was but the resultof a mind thrown slightly off its balance. The brilliaot company in which I found myself, the splendid room, the grace fully appointed table, the viands and the wines of the best and tbe choicest, my cultivated and gracious hostess, Professor Sorensen's worn, noble, and strictly intellectual face — surely all these thisgs had nothing to do what- ovqp wifli troannorv nnrl aaoaaainnfinn Miss Sorensen's mind was off its balance. This fact accounted for everything — for the malingering which had taken place on board the Ariadne — for the queer letter which ehe had given to me before dinner. ' "When you saw my real name to-day, your doom was irrevocably sealed,' she said. ' Avoid the seventh step,' she had con tinued. Could anything be more utterly absurd P Miss SorenBen was the acknowledged niece of my courtly host — what did she mean by attribut ing another name to herself ? — what did she mean by asking me to avoid the seventh step P In short, her words were exactly like the ravings of a lunatic. (To he continued ) 