THE LUNCHEON. At about two o'clock a luncheon was served up in the boys' schoolroom. His Lordship Dr. Lanigan presided, having on his right his Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop Cavr, Dr. Gallagher, Dr. Corbett uud Dr. Biggins, and on his left Archbishop O'lleilly, Drs. Murray, Moore, Byrne, Dunne, and Doyle. At this table there were Very Rev. Prior Vaughan, Messrs. G. Coleman, Mayor of Wagga Wagga, J. Gormly M.L.A. (Wagaa Wagga), W. B. Loughran (Wagga Wagga), V, Moran (Wagga Wagga), Hon. T. Dalton M.L.C. (Sydney), W. Dwyer (Sydney), M. Coen (Yass), H. O'Brien, Mayor of Goulburn, W. R. Biley aud T. F. Meyer of Goulburn. The Chairman proposed the first toast, that of His Holiness Pope Leo, glorious pontiff Leo XIII. In submitting the toast of the Queen his Lordship Baid: Religious duty brings us into relation with God, social duty into relation with temporal rulers. The next toast, his Eminence the Cardinal, was also proponed by Dr. Lanigan, His Eminence, who, as he rose to reply, was enthusiastically applauded, returned thanks, saying that he gave them his assur ance that it was (o him, as he was confident it was to his brother prelates, a pleasure and a privilege to be associated with them in that grand day's ceremonial. (Applause.) They till rejoiced in the joy of the venerable prelate who presided on that occasion — one whom they regarded as a veteran of the hierarchy, who was not only to those of his own diocese but to all throughout Australia a model and a guide. If they were asked to point to tbe works which he had accomplished they had only to look round in order to sec the evi dences of his religiour activity in the form of flourishing institutions, educational and re ligious, that studded this fair diocese (ap plause), and at the same time they would find union and concord prevailing throughout every class in that diocese. (Applause.) He would say that whilst rejoicing with their prelate he could still further rejoice with the clergy. A bishop no doubt could achieve great things ; but without a devoted clergy his labors would be for the most part in vain. Under the guidance of Dr. Lanigan the clergy under him were indeed a model to all others. Associated too in these rejoicings were the faithful who had so grand and zealous a prelate assigned them to as&ist; their bishop in carrying his work to greater perfection. (Loud applause). He feared he would trespass on their patience if he said all he felt ; but he asked to be allowed to propose one toast, as ho considered he had a claim to this privilege, inasmuch as he had had a voice iu imposing the burden laid that morning on the shoulders of Dr. Gallagher. (Laughter aud applause.) The whole o! Dr. Gallagher's missionary course through every- grade of his sacred office was before them. They bad rejoiced in hie work aud shared tbe fruits of his labor, his zeal, and his ability. (Applause.) Like St. Columbkill, called the Dove of the Church, who diffused around him the spirit of love, who, as a great missionary, took his place amongst the people of the Highlands of Scot land, where, owing to his labors, he had be come &o; identified with church work as to be even at the preseut day — after more than a thousand years — the great patron of the Highlands; like St. Columbkill too, whose love for hia native land never allowed itself to die out, no matter though his missionary labours called him to other fields, Dr. Gallagher was to his mind a perfect model of the great Irish saint/ (Loud applause.) He (the Cardinal) was satisfied that Dr. Gallagher would so well sustain their present prelate that to bim would be given aoothor twenty-eight years* rule of this diocese, and when that second term had been fulfilled tben Dr.' Lanigan' would have bis permission to go to heaven.- (Laughter and applause.) He did not know of any land which hud a stronger elaim on the love of those who made it their home than this fair land of Australia (applause), and in a new country such as this they required all that was happy, cheering, and bright tc plant here, and he trusted that everything of a vicious character, everything oalcnlated to create discord ordisunion would be left in older lands. (Applause.) He was unmindful of tbe fact that many of those whom he were addressing bad come from the land of tbe weat which was still dear to them all, and he did not think they would be worthy children of St. Columbkill unless they combined with love of their adopted country attachment to the land of their birth. (Ap plause.) The old land had indeed undergone many trials, but the spiritB of justice, of vir tue, and of liberty had never been destroyed, and these spirits had been wafted by angels to Australia to Bpread their blessings around on every side. (Applause.) He wished Dr, Gallagher and their worthy Prelate ad multos antioe.. He was sure the bishops, clergy, and faithful would have no cause to regret the choice of that day which had given them so grand, so devoted, and so zealous a pastor to guide their footsteps on the path that leads to Paradise. (Loud applause.) Dr. Gallagher was accorded a perfect ova tion as he rose. Replying to the toaBt he said : In what terms could he sufficiently thank them for the eloquent, but too flatter ing, words in which the sentiment of his health bad been proposed by the Cardinal, and for the enthusiasm with which it had been received. Great indeed was the honor done to tbe venerable bishop, and to the guests and people of tbe diocese of Goul burn through the ceremony of that day, in which he had played so inconsiderable a part. (Laughter, ana applause.) It was an honor and a privilege, of which tbe memory would last whilst the youngest of them lived and of which for their sakes, he (Dr. Gallagher) felt exceedingly proud. The consecrator was a prince of the church who a born ruler of men towered head and lofty shoulders, not only by bis exalted dignity, but by bis life of un ceasing labor and noble gifts of head and heart, above all the leaders of the colony. His assistants were two prelates, whose friendship for bim, long, and tried and true, Bhouldnot prevent him from saying that which ho thought, that their names would live in their duties and works when most others were for gotten, like those ot Hilary of Poitiers, of Virgilius of Salzburg, of Boniface of Mayence as the founders of two of the most illustrious eees of our fair southern land. Then coming from afar was the Archbishop of Melbourne, friend and patron of hie youth, idol of his own people, loved and esteemed by all who could admire great talents wedded to great virtues, whose learning, whose eloquent de j fence of our holy faith, and whose great per I sonal influence derived from works and worth recalled, even in the medocrity of our time, the first glories of tho early church. From Adelaide came a prelate already tbe founder of a new see, on whose shoulders, younger than his (Dr. Gallagher's), had been placed with the pallium not only ^the burden of a diocese that would require the shoulders of an Atlas to ben r, but tbe surveillance of an ecclesiastical province whose boundaries were co-terminou6 with tho half of Australia. With them also were tbe suffragan bishops of three provinces, each the centre of a hive of busy workers, building up the City of God spiritually and materially, whose works already the possession of the historian were synonymous with the annals of their pro gressive sees. To them and to those disf tinguished clergy and laymen on behalf o j their venerable bishop and of his priests and people, he as their spokesman, at least for 1 the present occasion, returned sincerest ; thanks, and assured them that they had by | their presence placed them under obligations which should never be forgotten, though they could never be repaid. Perhaps he should stop and allow those who could really instruct and delight the gathering an opportunity of Epeaking. However be could hardly refuse himself the pleasure, though it might be a pain to them, of giving expression to at least one of the many thoughtB with which his heart was full on an occasion like the present. There was no danger for the holy faith in this new land, if only they all, Bishops, Priests, and people, strove each in his own sphere and according to the measure of his gifts to improve the talents entrusted to his care. The Catholic faith was a plant which, if he were allowed the expression, seemed to suit the climate and take kindly to the soil of Australia. Sacrifices indeed the church was called upon to make, but they did not seem to overtax her strength. Trials she had in plenty, but she appeared to thrive under them tbe more. Sometimes a cloud of calumny and outrage passed over her, but it served only to bring out her truth aud beauty in more effective colors — in light more bril | liant than before. Bigotry had not nltoge I tlier disappeared, but the wavelets of hostility and prejudice grew fainter and feebler in their receding curves as the years rolled on. Statesmen admitted her conserving influence and good men admired her zeal. The lows, with perhaps a few well- known exceptions, while securing the rights of all, left her free to pursue her special tasks of proclaiming the truths of God and saving the souls of men. Gradual extin- tion of dogmatic faith must indeed be the necessary'result of shut ting out religion from the education of the young; but the church would make in the future a more de ermincd effort than she had done oven in the pislto save her own children in our own schools and convents. Souls who lived not on bread alone, who yearned after higher than earthly things, and conquests nobler than those of matter, would seek in ever^ increasing numbers, a refuge in the bosom of the grand old Mother Church, which alone unchanged and unchangeable amidst all the revolutions of Eociely, and all the variations of human thought, upheld the cause of God, revealed to mail his true des tiny, and satisfied all the aspirations of his soul. Trusting for her strength to the Divine promises alone, paying to Ciusar that which is his due, asking nolhiug from him but to be left alone, glorying in the willing subjection and loving loyalty of her children, she extended her influence, she consolidated her power, her institutions rise up apace. Like the valiant woman of the sacred narrative she had, even in this our own fair country, looked well to the paths of her house and had not eaten her broid in idleness. Therefore her children rose up and called her blessed. In a word, bleuding the calm wisdom of matured experience and the subdued enthusiasm of conscious strength with the Man and dash and magnificent spirit of seH&acriticc; which were the glorious privileges of youth, she went forth grace in all her steps, heaven in her eye, in every gesture dignity and lore, as she had gone into so many regions before, to achieve her latest conquest, to lead captive to the obedience of her faith and the pracliccof her laws the heart and the intellect of this young and promising and happy land. This brought him to the point to which he had been coming. Under its now somewhat slightly altered circumstances the diocese of Goul burn would not fail lo take, he hoped, its accustomed place in the onward march o! progress. When a continuator — another Bollandist — took up the thread of the, church's history where the Eminence had j left off, and recorded the progress ot another century, it was his hope and prayer that the next chapter devoted lo Goulburn in that continued history would not be out of bar mouy with the chapter which was already there, that the continuity of good work should not be broken, that tjmli * fib imcplo would be the motto still. Unless bis coadjutor be very unworthy, his conviction was that in the future as in tlie past the people wonld rally round their priests snd the priests bound in closest union with their bishop — lie meant their grand old bishop, Dr. Lanigan — and bishops, priests, and people would vie in holy emulation wilh those bishops, priests, and people of the other fees who spurred them on, but aroused [not their jealousy by their great good works, and all would con tinue to build up on foundations broad and i deep and stroug — each his own allotted por tion ot the grand Australasian church, bound as they were and ever should be not merely by the dutiful bonds of obedience, subjection and faith, but by tbe warmest affection of their hearts in due subordination of dignity and power through bis Eminence to the glorious Pontiff {whose wisdom guided and whose skilled hind steered so successfully tbe barque of Peter amid tbe storms and tempests of the preseut time. (Loud applause.) Dr. Lanigan, in proposing the health of the Arcbbieliops and Bishops, said that Dr. Gallagher was the first priest he had had the pleasure of ordaining for the diocese of Goul burn. He engaged him for the mission when o little fellow (laughter) at Maynootb, and tbe spirit of courageousness then manifested by Dr. Gallagher in offering himself for that field of labor would, he (Dr. Lanigan) felt satisfied, remain with the new bishop to the last. Hifl lordship also referred to the fact that that day's consecration ceremony was the third of its kind which bad beeu held in their cathedral, and he believed no other church was bo honored Bave the Cathedral Church of Sydney. (Applause.) His invitation to cordially honor tbe toast of tbe Archbishops and Bishops was warmly responded to. Archbishop Carr said he would be very brief in his reply ae he wonld be called upon ; to speak again later. He wished however to j say that every time he had come to Goulburn he had found hie visit most agreeable, and tbe ceremony of that day was one which cauued him to rejoice exceedingly. (Applause.) Archbishop O'Reilly replied for tbe rest of the bishops. Dr. Lanigan in proposing tbe Priests both Seoular and Regular, said he held the Goul burn priests above all others (applause and laughter), and would ask Father Finnegan as tbe oldeit priest to reply. Father Finnegan returned thanke for that his Eminence and the Bishops had consulted the wisheB of the people in giving effect to the choice of both the clergy and tbe laity by their approval of Dr. Gallagher for tbe posi tion of Coadjutor. Archbishop Carr said they should not separate without recognising him on whose account they were all assembled, the vener able prelate of the diocese. (Loud applause.) There were three distinguishing features in Dr. Lanigan's character. First, his devotion to duty which hud prompted him to build up the great spiritual works with which they weie surrounded ; second, bis devotion to re ligous education, which caused bim to recog nise that unless the seed of religion was planted in tlie minds of the young the efforts put forth in other ways would be useless ; and thirdly, his devotion to tbe old Catholic land. (Applause.) His life had beeu that of a prelate who had no other thought than obedience to duty* He prayed that God would give him in return an honoured 'and holy death. The toast was honoured with the heartiest appre iation, and Dr. Lanigan having ex pressed his thanks gave The Laity, to which the Mayor of Goulburn, (Mr. O'Brien) the Mayor of Wagga, (Mr. Coleman) Mr. J. Gormly, M.L.A., and Hon. T.Dalton, M.L.C., replied, also Mr. F. P. Brcnnan on behalf of i the ex-students of St. Patrick's College, than I whom nobody was more proud of the honor i done Dr. Gallagher. (Afplause.) The list was brought to a close by Dr. Lanigan proposing The Press, to which Mr. W. B. lliley responded. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. In the evening the cathedral was almost filled to overflowing again. The fiermou was preached by Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst. Afterwards several addresses and presen tations were made to Dr. Gallugber. The first was from the people of Wagga Wagga, and was a most elaborately got up address executed by John Sands, of Sydney, in grand style. The address, which is given below, was read by Mr. Coleman, Mayor of Wagga Wagga, who apologised for the absence of Dr. O'Connor, 6uyiug that lhat gentleman was prevented from being in attendance in consequence of an accident he had met with. A cbequc for one hundred guineas was also handed to his Lordship at the 6amc time, being the sum subscribed by the Wagga people. 41 To his Lordship the Right Reverend John Gallagher, D.D., Co-ad jutor Bishop of Goulburn. 41 May it please your Lordship, — 'On this, tbe occasion of your consecra tion to and full investiture with all the powers and functions attaching to tbe high and holy olficc of Co-adjutor Bishop of | Goulburn, Ihe parishioners of St. Michael'6, , Wagga Wagga, among whom you have I faithfully labored for the past eight years, reverently approach you to heartily congratu : late you upon the auspicious event, and to earnestly and sincerely wish you ail the divine grace necessary to sustain you in the discharge of the momentous and sacred duties now devolving upon you. ' After a distinguished career in your national college, Maynooth, inspired by the same spirit which moved the saintly mis sionaries ot old, you left your loved home to devote yourself to the arduous duties of a missionary priest in the fair land of your adoption. With what indefatigable zeal you have devoted yourself lo this sublime voca tion is known and appreciated throughout the land. As a ripe scholar and eloquent pulpit orator you have won a well-merited reputation. You have edified us by your untiring zeal and priestly life, enlightened and instructed us by your profound erudition, and won all our hearts by your mild and gentle disposition. 'In your twenty-five years of devoted and iuccssant labours in tbe cause of religion and education you have achieved magnificent results and have now received a splendid re ward. That you have qualified yourself for this great distinction by a laborious proba tion in the office of Priesthood, the monuments you have raised to the Honor and Glory of God in this Diocese amply testify. As Pro fessor and President of our Diocesan College for over thirteen years you have gained for that institution a high reputation and placed it upon a level at least with the formost educational establishments of the colonies. The beautiful Convent pile on Mount Erin in I our own town in its completed form attests at ! once your zeal and ability and speaks elo quently for the deep and lasting interest you j feel in raising and ennobling the tone cf our i Catholic womanhood. By the introduction i of the Patrician Brothers you have securcd a solid and valuable foundation for tbe faith and morals of our boys while placing within their reach the priceless advantage of a sound education. To you was entrusted the task of reducing the debt on cur church and the success which has attended your efforts in this respect sets the stamp upon your faculty for organization and upon your cbaracter fur indomitable perseverance.' ' While living amongst us you never failed to recognise the duties of citizenship and did your part cheerfully and well. Your public utterances— breathing a fine spirit of tolerauce and good will — are remembered and preserved by the community among whom you lived, admired and respected for several years. No greater proof of Ibis could be manifest than the readiness wilh which your non Catholic friends have assisted us in paying you this mark ot respect.' W ithkceu pangs of regret your last parish takes leave of their revered pastor. We share to the full the honorable pride you may justly feel, as well iu the titular distinction you have won in the hierAchy as in the larger and cnhauced opportunities it gives you of continuing in the vineyard of your Master those splendid services which the holy see has now so signally recognised. ' Bescecbing the Almighty to long spare you to adorn by your piety, your zeal, and your learning the high office in which the Holy Father has confirmed you, and desir ing to be remembered in your prayers.' We are, your lordship's grateful parish ioners. For the parishioners of St. Michael'.-, Wagga Wagga. CoMiiiTTUit : George Coleman (chairman), John Cox, M. O'Connor. James Gormly, F. M'Donough, P. ? Mahon, John M'Garry, P. J. Coffey, E. W. Donnelly, P. Moran^ T. J. Foley, I Chps. Smith, Thus. Halloran, William i Walsh, John Nash, J. E. Moloney, Martiu Treacey, W. B. Loughran, A. P. Lysaught, M. Loughlin, L. Corbett, James Byan ; W. M. J. Walsh, Hon. Secretary ; W. J. Monks, Hon. Treasurer. Wagga Wagga, Sunday, 7th July, 1805. Mr Coleman made the following additional presentations to his Lordship: — From the boarders of the Presentation. Convent, 6et of vestments ; from St. Eugene's School, Pres entation Convent, illuminated address ; from day pupils St. Mary's School, a missal and stand ; from infant school, a breviary ; from St. Joseph's School, an Irish bog-oak cruci fix; from St. Michacl's School (Patrician Brothers), illuminated address; from Nuns of the Presentation Convent, the mitre in which Dr. Gallagher wa6 consecrated. Miss Sykes next came forward and read an address to his Lordship from tbe mem bers of tbe Sacred Heart Society, Goulburn. Accompanying this address was a purse of twenty-five sovereigns. To Dr. M'Killop was assigned tbe task of reading the address tendered to his Lordship by the Catholics of the diocese. The presentation in connection with the above was in the form of a cheque for £100. The Goulburn branch of the A.C.H. Guild embodied their congratulations in an ad dress read by Mr. D. Hannigan, secretary. The address, which was in Illuminated form, ] was enclosed in a handsome frame. Mr. J. Knopp, president of the local branch of the H.A.C.B. Society, was spokesman for that body, reading the address on their behalf, which was got up in a very attractive style in book form. Dr. Gallagher said he intended to reply to the whole of the addressts, making special reference to the sentiments contained in each one. On that evening he would confine him self to the one from the Wagga people, and as to the others he would take occasion to give his replies on next Sunday evening after vespers. His Lordship then spoke as follows to the deputation from Wagga If I said that this address from tbe people of Wagga took me by surprise—that I did not expect it — I 6hould not be telling tbe truth. It is only in keeping with the whole tenor of their mode of acting as citizens for a towns man whom they reaped, as Catholics for a priest who has laboured amongst them for so many years. All that 1 have heard, and ; certainly all that I know by personal ex- j perience of the people of this fair town snd leading district forces me to believe that there is not beneath the Southern Cross a congre gation in proportion to numbers and re sources, more loyal to their faith, more generouB to their priests, more ready to help with heart and band, every noble and de serving cause, everything that tends to the benefit of our lellow-men or to the advance ment of religion. That allusion in your beautiful address touchcs me with a peculiar force which telle me that, although I never sacrificed one jot or tittle of Catholic doctrine and always etrongly insisted upon the justice of our Catholic claims, yet kindly feeling and harmony and peace, so far as my ministry was concerncd, reigns between every class and creed, that this great mark of respect from a Catholic people to their pastor re ceived ready assistance from those who bold not the same faith nor kneel at the same alter as you. The only thing to which 1 could take exception is the strong wording of the address, which though expressing, I am sure, your genuine sentiments, gives a picture of me far loo peifect, far too high, far different from what my inner consciousness tells me I am. One thing I willingly admit — the interest greater indeed in desire than in accomplishment, yet always lively, always sincere, which I took iu the progress, in the happiness, in the virtuous lives and good uarues of the people who were entrusted to my care. There is a charming story (contained in a single verse of the Old Testa ment) said a great statesman with exquisite felicity on a remarkable occasion, which has often struck ine as one of great beauty. You will remember that the Prophet Eliseus, in journeying to and fro, was very hospitably entertained by what is termed in the Bible a Sunamite woman. In return for her hospi tality he wished to make her some amends, and he called her to him and asked her what there was that he should do for her. ' Shall I speak for thee to the king?' he said ' or to the master of the host ?' Now, it has always appeared to me to he a great answer that the Sunamite woman returned. She replied 44 1 dwell in tbe midst ot my own people.' Such is the reply I should have wished to make to you. Amongst you my lot was cast. I felt proud that, through me, your noble parish had the honor and the privilege of being the first 'Permanent Rectorate 'canonically instituted of the great church of Australasia. We were so happy together in town and country, in the bouses of the wealthy, an honored aud welcome guest ; in the hum bler homes of the poor more happy still, for wa felt that amongst them we were the true Soggarth Aroon ; that we brought in cach succeeding visit a blessing to their lowly hearths; that we were their instructor, their consoler, and their friend. I knew my sheep and my sheep knewme. You were never afraid to unbosom to me your sorrows, and you were ever only too conscious that I should be a sharer in all your joys. From the very first we worked together, shoulder to shoulder, to remove the heavy debt that weighed upon the district. When that was goue we felt a mutual pride in the great works^whicb not I, but your own Catholic spirit, set on foot and which your generosity brought to a successful issue for God's glory and for the religious education of your children. Obedience to higher authority often oalled me away for lengthened periods to other spheres ef duty. But Wagga was always my home. Your pas tor ever longed to return to the 44 midst of his own people,' hie Wilts anna, hie currasfuit , in its simple presbytery, centre of spiritual life to a faithful people surrounded by its efficient schools, and reposing beneath the shadows of your splendid temple. Amongst you I should have been happy to work on even to the end, ever planning something new, laying tho foundation as time went on and as our means allowed of some new insti tution—ever seeking to introduce according to the requirements of time and place one of those countless instruments of beneficence or enlightenment which Holy Church keeps in reserve for the amelioration of men here on earth, for the salvation of their immortal souls beyond the grave, Your children, too, of whom I was so justly proud, now happily so well trained iu secular and religious knowledge by the Brothers of the monastery and by the good Sisters of the several convent schools were growing up around us to be, as I fondly hoped, no less for me than for you, the staff of our old nge— our crown of glory and our joy. I dwelt amongst my own people and when death jhall come happy should I be to dwell amongst them still, to repose in peace in your beautiful little cemetery awaiting the dawn of the happier and brighter day in company with the faithful people whom 1 loved, for whom in life 1 had thought and worked and prayed. But my honest convic tion was that 1 was never destined to be a bishop. Tbe high qualities that befit lhat exalted did not seem to be given to me : 44 an eye to guide and a hand to rule and a calm and kingly head and a heart from which, like a holy well, the souls of His flock were fed.' Borne has spoken, however, and the cause is finished. Like her divine founder she has chosen the weak things of this world that she may confound the strong — the foolish that she may confound the wise, i From a simple priest I am one day, though we may all trust that day is remote, to be come your chief pastor, whose duly it is to judge, to interpret, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer, to baptise, to confirm. My ministry must now be for the whole diocese and rot for one district, how cherished soever that district may be, ' take heed to yourselves and to your whole flock over which the Holy Ghost lias placed you Bishops to rule the church of God.' My residence must perhaps of necessity be in another place. My rela tions to you may be somewhat changed, but the home should be far away and the change be great indeed which can ever alter, much less effacc, the strong warm feelings of affec tion and esteem which remain deep down in iny heart for the kind-hearted, tbe generous, the devoted and faithful people of Wagga Wagga. Dr. Gallagher was deeply touched and bis address caused many of his listeners to be visibly affected. 