SOUTH PERTH ANGLICAN, CHURCH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION BLOCK. The foundation block of the first Anglican Church for South Perth was laid on Wednesday afternoon by the Right Rev. Bishop Riley, the Rev. F. Price and Rev. D. J: Garland' (diocesan secretary) assisting. Subte iptions to the amount of £67 have been raised in the district which, with the proceeds of a wild flower show, concert, and sale of gifts held to defray expenses, have brought the total amount collected up to 1875\. The site chosen for the building is on two I lo -k of land, comprising half an acre, on the Victoria Park, given for the purpose by Mr. Hacket', M.L.C. Accommodation will be provided for about 120 persons, and the estimated cost is £320. The architect is Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs?. The structure, which will be sent noted of weatherboard, is only intended to be of a temporary nature, and when the population warrants it a permanent building will be erected, and the present building will be utilized as a Sunday school. At the seem money of a cutting in the foundation block about 60 ladies and gentlemen were present, including, the Mayor (Mr. H. J. Saunders, MLC), Sir James Lee-Steere (Speaker of the L s isla the A sembly), and Mr. Justice Stone. After the preliminary session, BISHOP RILEY S >id they had met together that at the moon to begin what might appear to many of them a very small work, and yet it might be the beginning of a very great work, be cause no one could tell what the par V'cu'ar district may be in the future. That afternoon they were not going to lay the foundation stone, because the building t J be erected was to be only a temporary one. - lotte fotor -, no doubt, they would have a very handsome church, but at present they were only going to have a wooden building; and instead of laying a foundation stone it was his duty to place a pile in position. There was a great work before them to be done by the church in the colony. All over the diocese numerous centres were springing up, and they westerns to give them a start so that they might be self supporting. He believed that they should have as many new centres as possible, as then people felt they had a responsibility, end unless they had a responsibility on themselves, they hardly ever worked as hard as they should. After the block had been placed in position, the Bishop declared that it had been truly laid in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost. A short service was then held, after which a collection was taken up in aid of the building fund. The proceedings then closed with the benediction. After the ceremony a sale of work and' gifts, in aid of the church building fund, was opened by the Bishop in the public school on the Canning Road. The stalls were tastefully arranged, and the ladies presiding over them were kept busily empl died during the afternoon and evening satisfying the want of those who attended. The stallholders were Mesdames Thompson, Carlyle, Burton, Misses Burton, Houghton (3) and McGinn. In the evening an excellent musical programme was". carried out, and was much appreciated. ' 