THE KIN OF OHEARTS. OUTRAM TRISTR&M.; (Pullished by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER IV.-( ContinUd.) These words were spoken in vulgar tones by Miss Hawley's maid, but no doom thundered by Sibyl ever fell more fatally on hearer's ears. Miss Hawley rose from her seat as if elec trified, and looked out. Yes, sure enough, there stood one of the red coats, whom Jacobite instincts had led this young lady to look upon as accursed, smoking his pipe quietly in front of a tavern door. The carriage was at this moment passing through a village within a mile of the Moat House. Miss Hawley pulled the check string for the coachman to stop. A servant alighted from the box, and asked if miss wanted anything. ' Go into that house,' said Miss Hawley, ' and ask a soldier you will find inside what he is doing there.' The man departed, after staring a little. Presently he returned and said, 'There is no soldier there, miss.' 'Where is Captain Foster? Tell Captain Foster I want to speak to him.' But Captain Foster had ridden on to the Moat House to advertise their arrival. Miss Hawley was now deadly. pale. ' Open the door,' she said calmly, ' I wish to get out.' The man muttered something about the snow being deep, and the maid beggedher mistress. not to catch her death of cold. Before they had either of them time, however, to take any further prohibitory measures, their mistress had leapt from the car riage, hurried through the deep snow, and presented herself suddenly in the midst of a circle of boors, who sat drinking and smoking in the tap room of the public house. She stood there for a moment so breathless with her excitement and the suddenness of the action that she was unable to speak. She looked like some white apparition suddenly fallen upon this circle of sin. The Circle of Sin, having recovered them selves, recognised her, and rose bowing. ' Why do you tell my servant that there is no soldier here ?' she said. The Circle of Sin with one accord said again that there was no soldier there. Miss Hawley stamped her foot; it was a characteristic action of hers. ' How can you tell such wicked stories?' she said. ' I saw the man enter the door with my own eyes. The Circle of Sin with one accord said again that there was no soldier there. Miss Hawley now asked for the landlord. She was told he was out. She then asked for his daughter. She was told that the daughter was out too. Then Miss Hawley, address ing one of the Circle of Sin by his name, Joe Hobbs, asked him how he dared to treat her in this disgraceful manner. And Joe Hobbs, for all reply, begged his humble duty. Said he meant no offence- didn't know how he offended. There was no soldier in the house. And then deep quiet fell upon these elders. Miss Hawley darted a glance of violent indignation at the Assembly of Silence, left the room, and went back to her carriage, and gave the order, 'Home.' As the sohnd of the departing wheels died away, each elder put a pipe into his mouth, and a soldier fully ac coutred stepped out of a cupboard. The man wiped his forehead, said that he had had a narrow squeak, swore the elders to secrecy, and having armed himself with a bottle of brandy, rejoined his companions, who were resting in a sequestered barn. Miss Hawley's heart meanwhile burned within her. What was this wretch of a redcoat doing within a mile of her father's house? Why had the man disappeared so suddenly? Ah! he was afraid of being seen. There was some secret trap prepared for somebody. The man had no doubt joined hidden companions. Treachery was in the air. Treachery against whom? Miss Hawley felt chilled. Wild fears passed tumultuously through her brain. Presently the stopping of the coach told that she was at home. Now she would have an opportunity of collecting her thoughts in quiet. Quiet was what she wanted. 'She alighted, taking Captain Fos ter's hand mechanically, not seeming to recognise the appealing look in his eyes, or the hand.pressure which sought to detain her. She broke from him, hurried up a winding staircase, along a gloomy corridor, locked herself feverishly into her room. It was a long, low, narrow room this. Quaint tables, high backed chairs, a small canopied bed in one corner showed ghost-like in the flickering firelight. A window overlooked the moat. In the gloom of the winter's evening which had closed in, tIhe moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyes rest on it for a minute, then drew the curtains close with a shudder. With trembling hands she unlocked her jewel-case and drew out a richly chased 'casket. She kissed the case passionately, and then opened it with a cry of delight, and gazed rapt at a beautiful miniature handsomely set in diamonds. The miniature represented the hero of the episode outside Mrs. Cornely's, the distinguished stranger whom Mr. Barsac described as Mr. Browne, and as it represented Mr. Browne in the full costume of a High land chieftain, wearing his own fair hair falling in rich curls to the shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing short of striking between him and Captain Foster. Then Miss Hawley fell upon her knees and prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the safety of the man whose portrait she held clasped to her heart-that safety which some strange, vivid woman's instinct, throbbing within her, told her she had en dangered. She prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's hands, out of the hands of the wicked, blood thirsty wretches who had hunted him down in times past (and here Miss Hawley, with a shudder, put up a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), out of the hands of the wicked, who still panted for that precious blood. And as she prayed, Mr. Barsac and the subject of her prayer, riding wildly through deep snowdrifts, drew nearer and nearer on the London Road, and a magnificent travelling coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house ; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen by its occupant, came, march ing silently into the avenue, half a regiment of soldiers. They spread out right and left of the road; they lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, red, cruel line round the Moat House itself, and, lying hidden, waited. And still the girl, kneeling in the gloom of the dimly-lighted room, praying passionately, in an ecstasy of rapt self-abandonment, in a blessed unconsciousness of the fatalities that were mustering out there in the wild night-prayed the same burning, simple prayers over and over again prayed with a faith that should have moved mountains, that the stranger might escape out of the hands of the wicked who panted for his blood. Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused noises interrupted it. Carriage-wheels, grinding over loose stones, the opening wide of creaking doors, orders shouted, hurrying steps, the many-voiced hubbub which heralds the advent of a distinguished guest; and then, after a silence, a heavy, silitary tread on a stone floor-a tread which had something pitiless in it. It was the Duke of Cumberland. An hour afterwards the large bell of the Moat House ringing for dinner fell upon the ears of two travellers, as they rode fiercely up to the door of the small village inn. The first of these two men called loudly for the ostler, the other sat motionless in his saddle, sombre, his hat pulled over his brows, his head sunk upon his chest; he looked spectre-like seen thus, through the steam rising from his heaving horse. The first of these two men, who was Mr. Barsac, dismounted, and gave his horse to the ostler. ' We are for the Moat House,' he said; ' we leave our horses here.' The man said that they were wise not to risk a ride down a frozen pre cipice in pitch darkness. He then approached the other's horse and laid hold of the rein. But the rider, speaking thickly, told him with a curse to stand off. 'Why, Mr. Browne,' said Mr. Barsac, ' we dismount here, if it please you. The descent to the Moat House is so steep, the road so slippery, the night so dark.' ' That I purpose riding back to London.' With one of those curiously alert movements of his, Mr. Barsac caught the bridle of the speaker's horse just as his rider turned him suddenly to carry out this resolve. 'Sir,' he said, speaking nervously and rapidly ''tis impossible for me to believe from what I have seen of you that you can really meditate such an act of discourtesy.' 'Discourtesy, sir! And in what, pray, does the discourtesy lie ? I am not expected at your Moat House.' 'No, sir; but you have prevailed upon me to introduce you as an uninvited visitor. You have caused me a long ride in bitter weather. I have performed my part faithfully at probable injury to my health. 'Tis not agreeable to see such labour wasted for a whim, if you will excuse the speech.' And Mr. Barsac bowed with reproachful courtesy. Wounded self-esteem was in his tones; but he kept a feverish grip of the stranger's bridle. The stranger seemed touched. ' Whims govern me, sir,' he said, and he laughed a little wildly, then threw himself off his horse rather than dismounted. 'Show me where the lady lives, sir.' 'If the gentleman means Miss Hawley,' began the ostler. Mr. Browne gave a great start. ' Hawley !' he exclaimed, turning pale. 'Orley, Orley,' said Mr. Barsac, with a soft impetuosity. ' These rustics never spare themselves an H.' And then he turned and withered the ostler with a look. This look of Mr. Barsac's was simply devilish. 'Orley,' said Mr. Browne. 'Orley ! Hawley ! God ! what an extraordinary thing!' Thoen thickly to the ostler retiring with the two horses, 'Ho! there, you, sir! Send me out some brandy, d'ye hear? Pah!-the very name's mention makes me, as it were, faint.' 'An unpleasant recollection asso ciated with it, sir ?' said Mr. Barsac. ' A damnable one, sir. Where is this brandy ?' It came in a moment or two; brought in by a strapping, rosy cheeked barmaid, who eyed Mr. Browne admiringly, and asked whether he would not take it inside, out of the cold. Mr. Browne, with great gal lantry, touched the girl under the chin and said, ' No thanks, pretty one.' Then he took a good draught, and gave the girl a crown to buy herself some ribbons with. ' I feel better, sir,' he said to Mr. Barsac, who had watched this inter lude with smiling face. 'Shall we proceed ?' 'At your pleasure. Thank you, no brandy. I will just borrow a lantern from the people of the house here, aad then we shall be quite prepared.' After a minute or two Mr. Barsac returned, carrying a large lantern in his hand. The lantern was not acquired by Mr. Barsac for the purpose of showing a road which he knew perfectly; but for the purpose of showing Mr. Browne perfectly to his captors, who did not know him. The two men passed away together into the night, Mr. Barsac walking quite close to Mr. Browne, whose movements' were a trifle unsteady, pressed him to put his arm in his, and trust entirely to his guidance; but the stranger refused this proffer irritably; explained that he was a mountaineer ; that, compared with his past experiences, the road showed no difficulty. So they walked on through the deep snow side by side. In the middle of an abrupt descent Mr. Barsac paused. He pointed with a hand which trembled slightly to an entrance gate on the left. This gate was the mouth of the trap. The woods beyond it swarmed with soldiers. 'This is otn ay, sir.' Mr. Barsac's voice trembleTl like his hand as he spoke. 'And as our way runs now through deep woodlands, it is well that I am come prepared.' "Tis a strangely out-of-the-way place, surely, that you are leading me to,' said Mr. Browne. ' It is an out-of-the-way place,' said Mr. Barsac. He laughed unpleasantly, and led the way into the wood, preceding Mr. Browne, and throwing the light of his lantern neither on the right nor the left, but very carefully straight on to the road in front of him. The track plunged down now, almost precipi tously, through dense coverts, which had been allowed for years to run riot -gnarled boughs of oaks twisted themselves overhead-the darkness was impenetrable. Mr. Barsac, walk ing cautiously in front of his victim, seemed to feel the hot breath of the ambuscade strike his face on either side. Arrived at a certain bend in the road, in the very densest part of the plantation, Mr. Barsac suddenly turned, and flashed his lantern full on Mr. Browne's face. ' Take care here, sir,' he said, ' or you will fall.' The action was instantaneous. But in that instant the eyes of the ambus cade devoured their victim. Fifty soldiers lying on each side of the path saw this man's face revealed to them with an instantaneous vividness with which they had never seen face revealed before. The dark curls, the handsome voluptuous features, the melancholy expression, the pose of the head flared suddenly upon them-a light out of darkness. There could be no mistake in the future on the part of these men. For them the identity was unmistakable. It was an eternal photograph. The gate at the top of the wood, which Mr. Barsac and Mr. Browne had left open, clanged behind them. Mr. Barsac turned his lantern from Mr. Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him ; once more recom menced the descent. Suddenly he felt the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neck. He was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice said quietly in his ear 'Tell me why you flashed that lantern on my face, sir, or I will blow your brains out.' The cruel fear of death seized Mr. Barsac - for a moment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself. He lived a whole life in an instant. Then in the very jaws of destruction his instantaneous insight into the situa tion returned to him. In a moment he saw what was to be done. He feigned a slip, fell upon the lantern, extinguished it, broke it to atoms. 'Now he will not be able to see them,' he said to himself. As the very words were on his lips, and as if to give them the lie, the mnoon burst through the clouds. It flooded every cranny of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the old Moat House lying immediately at their feet, with such surprising vivid ness that Mr. Browne's eyes remained fastened on it, as if it had risen from the ground an enchanted palace. It revealed also a redcoat, half-hidden behind an oak tree. It was but for an instant that this burst of moonlight fell; then all was darkness again. There was a moment's silence. Mr. Barsac rose from the ground. He thought the stranger had not seen. ' You are mad, sir, surely,' he said. And the voice of Mr. Browne made answer in the darkness, in tones more melancholy, more fateful than Mr. Barsac had ever noticed in it before. 'Lead on, sir . . . Lead on!' (To be Continued.) 