A MERAGE OE MUKDEE. Pacific-street starts in the slums, and ; runs across the city. The highest 1 number upon it is 8626, and the house ' ■with which this narrative deals is No | 4313\. It stands, therefore, exactly half , way between the abodes of poverty and j wealth. ' At the time of the occurrence herein to he related, it was kept as a lodging and hoarding-place for men by Mrs ' James Prowitt, whose long ex perience had made her keen and wary. Her guests were of all classes and descriptions, men rising from the lower street frequently meeting at her table those who were descending from the gentility of the avenue. One October morning a young man applied to her for a room. She set her little gray eyes sharply upon him, as was her habit, but saw nothing out of . the commonplace. She always divided her natrons into three classes—those coming up from near the bay, those sinking from the avenue, and the stationary middle class. She shrewdly placed this one among the second class but that made little difference to her. He was medium in size, with a frank face and a manner which gave her the impres sion that he knew what he was about, aud was exceedingly wide-awake iu doing it. He said he was a travelling man, could furnish good references, and gave his name as Harry Mulford. ' " My third-floor front is vacant," Mrs Prowitt said, " but I usually get fifteen dollars a mouth for it." "That is entirely satisfactory," Mul ford replied. "The price is nothing to ine, although I shall not occupy the room more than one night a month. But I shall want it kept ready for me, though you. are at liberty to use it any night, ]K-ovided you do not receive word of my •owing bofore six o'clock. I shall pay you in'advance, sendingyou your money by mail on the last of each month." He. drew out his purse, counted fifteen dollars upon his knee, and added, "Here is the first month's rent, provided you will let me have the room." Mrs Prowitt was too keen to let such a chance slip, and she quickly closed the transaction. Her requirement of re ferences had always been a mere form often a ruse to get rid of an unpromising applicant. She did not, therefore, ask Mulford for his, considering his monoy sufficient endorsement. " It is probable," said Mulford, as he delivered the money and rose to leave, " that I shall not reappear for several months, and if you do not receive fifteen dollars from uic near the first of any month, you will he at liberty to rent the .room. It is likely that I may send some one occasionally to occupy the room, hut he will always bring a note from me." This piece of luck was too good for Mrs Prowitt to keep to herself, and it was soon a matter for general discussion around her tables. A man who could afford to pay for a room without occupy ing it was a rarity at No 4313, and Mulford became a mystery. The first month passed, and the third-floor front was unoccupied, except when Mrs Prowitt quartered a transient. On the, i, last day of this mouth, a registered letter was delivered to her, from which she drew three crisp five-dollar bills and a note from Mulford, stilting that he would soon send a friend to take possession of the room. But wheu this and several uiore months passed without other sign or representative of Mulford than the regular letters iuclosing the bills, the rental of the upper chamber became a sensation. At last, however, one early December afternoon a little old man appeared, bringing from Mulford a note which stated his wish that Mrs Prowitt would place in his room the article that the hearer would deliver, and to have the apartment kept ready for occupancy. The little old man was quite odd. He was much bent and very gray. His left eye was blind; but the right, restless and twinkling, together with his whole countenance, made Mrs Prowitt think he could tell a great deal, if so minded. He was not so minded, however, and her questions elicited only amusement, to which his blindness lent the appearance of con tinual winking. The articlo ho brought was a largo, three-fold, Japanese screen, highly decorated with gilt birds, reptiles, and animals disporting themselves on a sable ground. After the little old man had gone, and Mrs Prowitt had set the screen in Mulford's room, she went down to the tables to express her opinion that a Japanese screen was a queer article for a young man to send, and the boarders agreed with her so strongly as to repair to the apartment to inspect it. The screen was ordinary,.yet extraordinary, and curiosity played about the bamboo frame as whimsically as the golden decorations within it. A satchel, or a trunk, or even a chair would have aroused simple expectation; but a Japanese screen, though not uncommon in a bed room, suggested something so decidedly out of the commonplace that Mulford's advent was awaited with lively interest. A week passed, however; and, though Mrs Prowitt kept gas burning in the evenings, had fresh water put daily into the pitcher, and hung clean towls upon the rack, neither Mulford nor his friend appeared. For twelve days she had these pre parations mnde; but upon the thirteenth Mulford's friend came. It was half past eight when the maid admitted him to the parlor. At this hour all the lodgers were out pursuing their various evening pastimes, except John Baylor, who was practising upon his clarionet in his second-floor room.* Mrs Prowitt went to the parlor, expecting to find a young man of about Mulford's ago, but she was surprised to see a gentleman of probably sixty. He was, however, well preserved and active, and was dressed very much better than any one she had ever lodged. There was an unmistakable air of the avenue about him that set Mrs Prowitt to thinking she had seen him before, and to wondering where it had been. Ho carried a bulging blue bag of heavy uiatorial, and his whole bearing aud appearance wero those of a busy lawyer. Mrs Prowitt niade thesejobservations distinctly, as was her habit; but later occurrences indented them in her mind. In relating exactly how the old lawyer entered the parlor, how he talked, and in describing him, she always had difficulty in putting one fact into words. " Somehow," she always said, " he made me creep. He sat right in front of me and he seemed to he there like any other man, but there was something or other about him that made him seem unreal, a kind of a strange shadow of a rich old man I had seen upon the avenue. His voice, too, sounded kind of un natural ; something like an echo of a real voice speaking away off souiowhere. I thought at first that he was only absent ruinded, but tbe more I looked at him the more plainly I saw that there was_ some thing about him I could not explain, and can't now." He gave !her a note in Mulford's hand, merely introducing him as the friend who desired to occupy hisrooui for the night, and he ■ would consider it a favor if Mrs Prowitt would make him comfortable and let him have all he might wish. "Is there anything: you nut mo particularly to do?" Mrs Prowitiasked him. She has always laid great stress, upon the fact that she observed'every thing that occurred that night accur ately and lias been unvarying ,in her narrative. " Is there a table in the room?4' the lawyer asked, absently. - . "Yes; Mr Multord requested mo -to: put one in for him." _ ; , " That is well. Th en ail I wish is to be entirely nndistnrhed. I have many papers to .examine, to-night," he said, tapping the irluc bag. " I am engaged on a matter ,cf vast importance to a •wealthj' estate, and I shall ask you to see that no one is admitted to.the room. ' I am ready to go to ,wo?k pow, if you please," Mrs Prowitt showed liim to the third floor front, turned up the light, and before leaving, saw him take from the bag a large bundle of papers, tied with pink tape, and lay them busily upon the table. He then pulled up a chair and sat down. She noticed particularly that the Japanese screen stood about three foot from the back of his chair and about two feet from the windows. The weather being cold, the sashes were down and locked, and the lower inside shutters drawn and latched. There was a sheer descent from the windows to the pavement, -with no out side ledge below them, so that it ivas impossible for any one to have entered the room through them. Mrs Prowitt has been unwavering in this statement, as well as in declaring that no one was hidden behind the screen or elsewhere in the room when she admitted the lawyer. at was only a few minutes after nine wheu she left the old man intently engaged over his papers. On her way downstairs, she stopped in Mr Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford'sfriond had come. She did so, she has said, not because they had all looked for him so long, but because the man had given her a queer feeling of dread that she could not throw off. She naturally wondered what could have brought so rich a lawyer to her house; hut it was not this query that made her uneasy.... She told Baylor of this strange impression; and of the" fact that, while with the old lawyer in the room, she had had a creepy notion that she was entirely alone, although he had been plain to her eyes. She had noticed that he had walked vigorously,' but his steps had been surprisingly faint, and the papers had not rattled when he took them from the bag. She was very nervous. She did not believe in ghosts, she declared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she had ever had in her house. She was afraid something dread ful might happen, and she asked Baylor to keep his door open and to walk up the stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and she left him. At eleven o'clock she hurried back and said: " Would you mind going with me to Mr Mulford's room and listen outside the door P I want to know whether that old man is sleeping. I see from the pave ment outside that he has turned the gas out.' " That can not be," Baylor answered excitedly. "I walked up the stairs, not more thaafcfive minutes_ago and saw his iimig ti light shiimig through the trausom." " Saw his light?" echoed Mrs Prowitt, in an awed whisper. " It was just about live minutes ago that I looked from the pavement outside and his windows wero dark. . Are you sure you saw the light ? " " Yes; hut I could not hear a sound inside the room." " Mr Baylor, there is something ter rible in the air to-night, and I can't tell what it is. Let us go up there and listen." They ascended to Mulford's room. Bright light was shining through the transom. Mrs Prowitt knocked three times, but received no answer. Then she called, but the room remained per fectly silent, "I would like, you to look over the transom, Mr Baylor," she said. " There is something mysterious here." Baylor brought to the door two chairs that wero standing in the hall, and, 'stopping upon one, looked through the transom. Ho started, and asked Mrs Prowitt to get upon the other and look. They saw the old lawyer still sitting at the table with bundles of legal papers before him. He was too deeply engaged to notice that his long gray hair had slipped down over his forehead and almost overhung his eyes. , As they looked from his peaceful face to the documents before liim, Mrs Prowitt started violently, - caught Baylor's arm, and said: " Look at his hands. He is making the motions of ■writing, hut there is no pen in his hand. He is " She faltered from fright,.. and Baylor said: •; " He is a madman, Mrs Prowitt." " Ho, he is worse than that. He is not a l'oal man. Something awful is going to happen to-night. I did not quite trust that man Mulford from the start. Why should he havo rented this room and not occupied it, if everything hud been right ? This is terrible. Look there. Did you see the screen move ? " " Ho, I did not, but " He stopped abruptly, for two hands rose from behind the screen, and, catching its extreme ends, lifted it from, the floor and carried it stealthily toward the old man. They were large and muscular,' ugly and grimy—such hands as would delve in the slime and vice of the lower street.' With the exception of his hands, the person behind the screen was hidden until ho had carried it, noiselessly and stealthily, until it almost touched the old man's chair. There the hands stopped it and stood it securely, and instantly a head rose from behind it. The terrible face held tliotwooutside watchers motion less. The vilcncss and wickedness of the slums was ground into each blotched and bloated feature. The terrible creature looked for some minutes upon the old lawyer with a leer of murderous triumph. Then, with ahorriblo smile of satisfaction, the man raised his right arm high over the screen, his dirty, talon-liko hand. clutching a dagger. Mrs Prowitt shrank with a scream from the sight, aud fell to a sitting* posture upon her chair; while Baylor, aroused to action, pounded upon the glass of the transom and kicked upon the door, but the old lawyer continued peacefully writing at the table, and the assassin was not stayed in his purpose. With a swift, skilful stroke, the knife fell, and Baylor saw it sink into the lawyer's breast, saw him writhe upon the eliair and fall to the floor. He leaped from the chair and threw himself against the door, but it withstood his force. "Help me here, Mrs Prowitt," ho cried. "The lawyer has been niurdored. The door is locked upon the inside. Help | me break it in." Their united strength at last broke the lock, and the door swung in. Baylor took one rapid step forward, but stopped upon the sill with a startled cry. The room was dark and silent. Ho moan or sound of death-struggling came from the murdered man under the table. "A match, Mrs Prowitt," he said; j "for the love of heaven, let us have: a j light here! " There is a match-safe over the wash- I stand in the corner," gasped the • land-1 lady. Por a few moments Baylor groped in I the blackness for a match. At last he struck one, and the gas puffed up. Ho shrank back against the wall by the | door. The room was entirely deserted ; the table "was bare of . legal papers; the screen stood in its ■ place near the window; and there was no body of a murdered man upon the floor, nor any blood or other trace of him. The room was precisely as it had been before the | lawyer came. In the midst of an animated discussion, at Mrs Prowitt's tuble next morning, of the strange crime, one of the boarders,, who had already breakfasted and gone out, rushed back with a papor, which, under disnlay head-lines, told of the bnital murder of Abel Christiansen, one of the city's noted lawyers. ' It detailed how he had heen sitting in the study at his home on the avenue, going over some valuable papers in the matter of a vast estate in Jitigation. The. murderer had entered through il window, had crept anon Mr Christiaosoa, under cover of a [ Japanese. screen that stood behind his' chair, and. had struck him to heart with a dagger. • , The assasin, who had I escaped with all the papers, was supposed | ito ho one .of the lieirs to the property and one of the\mOgt .dangerous criminals of the slums. About ten'o'clock on,the same morning the little old.\mnu who had brought .the I Japanese screen appeared at No. .4313, saying that Mr Mulfordhad senthimfor^t "I don't know that I ought to let you f have it," said Mrs Prowitt, " "Why not" asked the little old man, with a queer twinkle of his unblinded eye. " There was a terriblo tnurder on the avenue last night by a man who stabbed a lawyer from behind a Japanese screen, and I and one of mv lodgers saw the vision of a man come from behind Mr Mulford's screen and kill a strange old man who had come as Mr Mulford's friend." "It is certainly remarkable," said the little old man, winking his blind eye; " but you certainly won't keep Mr Mulford's screen just because you saw a vision ? " " Go up for it, then, for I won't touch it," said Mrs Prowitt. " I will be glad to have the' terrible thing out of my house. If 1 wasn't afraid of it, I would not let you have it." : When the little man reappeared, carry ing the screen; she "said : " If I could see how there could be any connection between " this screen and the ione on the avenue, I would keep you hero and send*for the police." . " I don't: see what possible connection there could be," said xhe-little old man, ducking his head sidewise, and squinting at her quizzically, "If -1 could, I wouldn't ask you for the screen. But ■ I will ask Mr Mulford, and if there is, of course' Ell come around and tell you. By the way, he says you need not keep the room for him any longer." And picking up the screen, he briskly walked away. ■ • 