£ Strange Adventure. 14 Mother, what shall we do ?' 'As true as heaven's sky is abovo us, Bhoda, I don't know I' Mrs. Gordon trembled and olnng to hflr_ step-daughter with convulsive eagerness. . Rhoda Etood quito still, and lifted her face towards the millions o( stars that spangled the firmament above. It was a still, fiosty, Ootobor night, with a trozon fragrance of dead leavea in the air, and the gibbous moon hang low on the edges of tho horizon, shedding a spectral lignt on tna meaK ibdu ecape. Mr. Gordon had come homo late from tho market that night, jingling the money in bin poeketB. Ho had walked into tho little winged room, where a log or two burned on the hearth, and a dip candle only made darkness visible. Mrs. Gordon sat by the table darning stockings, and Rhoda, sitting on a low. wooden stool at her feet, was read ing alond to her from a drift of manuscript pages that lay in her lap. ' At is again !' snid Gordon with sn in tensity of quiet malice, that sounded in his voioe ss plainly as it glittered from his eyes. ' How many time?, I'd like to know, have I forbidden this sort of thing f Ah 1 I under stand. Yon didn't expect me home until midnight. Yon was goin' to have it all your own way. Of sll created things, I do hate and despise hypoorit«. What have you got to say for yourself, eh ?' Mrs. Gordon uttered nothing ; the needle dropped from her band as if it had been paralysed ; she grew deadly palo ; but Rhoda valiantly spoke up. ' We are doing no harm, lather I' she eaid. 'No harm I' shrilly repeated the miser. 'But I say you are doing harm. You're wasting my oandles, and disobeying my orders, and fooling away my time, for your time is mine, ain't it? And it ain't the first time you've done it, nor yet the second I And I ain't going to stand it, not another minute I Clear out I Get out of my house, you two women ! I've warned you often enough before I Now I mean to teaeh you what it means to disobey my com mands.' ' Father 1' orisd Bhoda, 'yon wouldn't turn us out of doors at this time of night?' ' Wouldn't I, though I' grimly retorted the knotty-featured old man. 'You'll eee .whether I would or not. Go I Step 1' As he spoke he held the door wide open. A draft of air rushed through the room and blew out the feeble light of the candle. And i so, in the sullen, windy dark, the two women came out, to return no more. Rhoda Gordon had been miserable until I tier step-mother came to the homestead. She { had longed for kindness, she had hungered for sympathy, she had craved even the | merest look or word of notice in that solitary j house, where money-making was the Moloch ?. whioh swallowed up all else. Mrs. Gordon and her step-daughter had loved each other ; londly and tenderly. It was to her Btep- j mother that Rhoda ventured to read the eSu- i Bions of her active and imaginative brain, ! ?and Mrs. Gordon listened with eager ad- I miration and loving sympathy, to the utter j zage and oontempt of the farmer. { ' Women are made to work,' said he, . ' not to write. I'll put a stop to this - eort ot nonsense, or I'll know the reason ; ,why.' ! And this was the beginning and end of the | domestic difference which had culminated in such a Borrowfnl tragedy. Mr. Gordon came back into the kitchen, i mixed hia glass of toddy, and went to bed. i ' It'll be a good lesson to 'em,' he said. ' And Mrs. Gordon and Rhoda gazed into ' each other's pale, frightened faces. ' Mother, don't look so deadly white,' said Bhoda, courageously. ' We'll go down to the old blacksmith's shop, and kindle a fire there. That, at least, ia my own 1' : (The old blacksmith's shop down the road, ? with the thistle-grown paten of land in its rear, had been willed to Bhoda's own mother, and thence had descended to her ; a eorry inheritance, with its roof eaten by moBBGS and decay, its foundation settling with every winter. No one had occupied it for years, for Rhoda's means were insuffi cient to make the necessary repairs, and Mr, Gordon had not been slow to declare that ' cot a shilling of his should ever be squan dered in patohing up that old rat-hole !') 11 Let it tumble down.' said he ; ' and then sell the land at auction, for what it'll fetch. That's the only thing to do with the property.' Dreamy as the spot wa3, however, it at least afforded a shelter from the chill and damp of the night; and Rhoda was heartily glad when she had kindled a blaze of dry .sticks on the large, unused hearth, so that Mrs. Gordon could warm her marble-cold hands. 'Look, mother I' she cried, fondly crush ing the frozen dew from Mrs. Gordon's hair; the old place is quite comfortable, now that we have managed to get the door shut. Isn't it funny, the idea of a little chestnut tree growing right across the thres hold? It seemed almost wicked to break the branches away, as I was forosd to do ! And by and by I'll spread my shawl over the dead leaves in the corner, and — Oh, what's that?' ^- It was very atraage they had not seen it before, yet it oertainly must have been there all the time, the figure of a little, old man, all in butternut brown, sitting by the fire. He was dressed in a quaint, old-fashioned style, with knee-breeches, and a queue down his back, and was holding hiB hands over the blaze with a Bort of ravenous eagerness i for the warmth. He was so little, and so ! pale, and his teeth chattered so in his ! shrivelled head, that Rhoda's momentary in dignation died away at once. 'I hope I don't intrude,' said the little old man, with the deprecating falsetto of 1 age. ' But it's cold, very cold, and I haven't ! seen a fire here before in a quarter of a cod- | tnry.' i Rhoda looked hard at him. 'Do. you live near here, sir?' she aBked. The little old man nodded. ' Very near,' said he. ' I used to know your Grandfather Grupp. A hard-working man he was, and the best hand at a' horse* shoe in the country round. Ab, yes I I knew him 1' Mrs. Gordon pulled Bhoda'a sleeve sur reptitiously. ' I think the poor, old oreatura is a little crazy,' said she. 'But let him stay, let farm stay and warm himBelf. He oan do no harm to any one, poor, half-famiehed sonll' And still the Man in Brown talked steadily on, his hands spread out over the fire. 'Did he ever tell you about tho brick?' said he, ' the brick that was buried under this very hearthstone ? Not a day brick, my enar, but a brick of gold ! Not a great, big thing, saoh as they put in the angle of a house, either, but a little, genteel sort of a brick, that it would make a miser's heart leap within him to handle. It wub your Grand father Grupp's whim. He waB a peculiar , old man, a very peouliar old man. Eu? did ? 'he ever tell you aboot the brick?' ' I never bbw him, sir,' said Rhoda, timidly. : ' Ah, true, very true,' said the little old man. 'You can't always keep track of , time. And it was a cecu «-oret about the jbriok between him and me. He had made a (grtat deal more money thati folk's had any ,idea of, and tbat was hi i way c! taking oare -, * lot it. Of oourse, I may depend upon you not to mention it ?' ' I don't understand you.Bir,' said Bhoda, -her veinB ohilled with a certain awe, and, in the same moment, tho Man in Brown looked at a tarnished little silver watch which hung at hia side. i ?' It's late,' said ho, ' later tnan 1 had nn - {idea of. Good evening, ladies, I hope 1 jhbven't intruded ! Good ovening I' t It was late tho next morning when Mrs. (Gordon and Bhoda kn.oak.ed at Mr, Giddlaga' £22&.S¥Ld ?tpJjLttflU tfllo, %-- old men. the nearofS neignnor- to iuo aeserteo. torge, turned pule. ' It'« lien Haverstraw I' said ho. ' Old Bon Haverstraw, who has been dead and | buried in the little ohurobyard back of the . forge these forty years 1 He used to play oarda with your Grandfather Grupp, Misa : Rbody, many a night, after tho forgo was ; shut up, and folks Riipposed everybody was abed and asleep. My father has described , him to me many a time, an odd little man, in brown olothes, with black silk stockings and knee breeches, a queue hanging down his back, and a braid of seals at his fob. Folks ? said he was in league with the Evil One. He ! wasn't a good associate for your Grandfather ; Grupp, anyhow. Yes, yes I He's been dead j full forty years, and maybe longer.' I 'Hut that is nonsense?' oried Rhoda.' ' It waB no ghost that we saw. It was a little, old-fashioned traveller, who was cold and tired, and came in for a little rest.' j ' Did you see him come in ?' demanded i Mr. Gidding. ' No,' answered Rhoda. ' Did you see him go out ?' And again Bhoda and her mother were compelled to answer in the negative, He was gone. That was all they knew about it. ' Ah 1' said neighbor Gidding. ' I thought 30\. S'pose we just call my son Abram and j the hired man, with a orow-bar or so, and ' pry up that there old hearthstone 1 P'rhapa ! it won't do no good. Certainly, it won't do ! no harm I' They pried up the suaken, old stone, anil there, under the corner,was a tarnished brick Df pold— of eolid gold, welded together aa only a skilled workman in metal? could hav9 welded it 1 All this happened years ago. A handsome, modern residence now stands where onoe the forge-lights gleamed sullenly out upon the nigbt, and Bhoda Gordon — married to Alvan Gidding— lives there with her Btep mother. Farmer Gordon would fain have patched up a piece when his daughter bfoame so un expectedly an heiress, buc Bhoda abso lutely declined a treaty of any sort, whatso ever. ' Mother and I suit eaoh other,' she eaid. ' We never have suited you. Things are better as they are.' But to this day, the wiseacres ol the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Man in Brown. The idealists set the | whole thing down as a well-authenticated j ghoBt story. The praotical members ol j society oall it a dream, a fancy, a mere fig- : ment of the imagination, oddly pieoed on to ; a forgotten story. Rhoda and her mother, ; themi-elvae, do not know what to think. And : tourists oiten leave the train at Grupp'a ' Forge station, and come across the neldB to \ look at the sunken tombstone which marks ; the last resting-place of Captain Benjamin I Haverstraw, who died June 8, 1S30, and his j friend, Heber Grupp, buried close at his j side. ' ?' It's very strange,' they say. ' Very strange, indeed I Rsally, there is no account- ; ing for such things.' ' ! The wise prove, and the foolish confess by . their conduct that a life of employment ia . the only life worth leading.— Paley. ! Keep up hope in bad times. We have th« j same sun and sky and stars ; the same : God and heavan and truth ; the same dutiea j and the same helper. Hope thou in God.— ; Dr. Goodell. j ' The chief secret of comfort lies in not ! scflsring trifles to ves as, and in prudently j cultivating our undergrow'.h ol small plea- i sures, since very few great ones, alas I are let j on leng isasea. 