PARLIAMENT. The anniversary of the great battle over the passing of the ' Coercion Act ' was celebrated in the House on Thursday night by a little bit of a rough ami tumble between Mr. Leahy and the Chairman of Committees (says the ' Telegraph.') The hou. member to provide for the granting of free railway passes for life to MM.L.A. of overlive years' standing, into the Railways Acts of iSSSand 1894 Amendment Bill. But Chairman Annear, who had a troubled look on his honest countenance, gave the House a rude shock by ruling that the amendment was out of order, because it was not, in his opinion, in accordance with the principles of the bill, lloopk ! When Maryb -rough's pet sat down you could have heard a pin drop. But it was just for a moment. The Bullooitc was up at once with astonishment and this may be ' lit large ' on his expansive brow How could the amendment be irrelevant when it was an amendment of the principal Act which the bill before the House was intro duced to amend ? On that hung the whole of the weary discussion which followed. For three dismal hours the time of the House was wasted. On no previous occasion IMS SUbMOll Ui4b SUV-ll ail UIIHl.l.l.a3i*lj u^.iujr \j» public business occurred. As soon as lion, members saw that the matter was serious they cleared the decks for action. Mr. Leahy at once moved that the Chairman's ruling be disagreed with. Then all the copies of 'May' within cooee were bundled into the House, and here, there, and every where were gathered little groups of lion, members hunting up precedents and rulings and- such like things. The Premier was armed to the teeth with extracts from the infallible 'May,' and quoted by the yard from English constitutional authorities to back up the Chairman. He must have been aware of the Chairman's intention to sit on the amendments. Such insinuations were made and hinted it, but the Prime Minister unblushingly denied each soft impeachment as it came along. Beyond doubt nine-tenths of the House were against the Chairman and the Premier. If the bill was introduced to amend the Railway Act, why say that a new clause which contained an amendment of that Act was not in accordance with the principles of the Amending liill? But 'the diplomatic Mr. Nelson slipped out of his difficulty very neatly, and hood- winked the Opposition as nicely as possible. Ha division had been taken he would have gone down badly, so he suggested that the discussion be postponed so as to get further information, and to hunt up more precedents, to waste more time, ta put off the decision as to the rightness or otherwise of the Chairman's ruling until it was lost sight of, and never heard of again. And astute Charlie, the Leader of Her Majesty's Opposition, fell into the trap and knuckled under without a smile. The only objector was the Flinders fighter, who dis agreed with Mr. Leahy's withdrawing his motion that Mr. Annsar's ruling be disagreed with until the Chariman 'had absolutely withdrawn his ruling, and not only tem porarily as was proposed. Pluckily he fought the whole House single-handed until at last he got his wav, and he deserves all credit for it. So at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock the ruling was withdrawn, and the business of the House was then practically at pre cisely the same stage it stoad at 20 minutes to 4 o'clock. The house always looks sad when the only member for North Brisbane- tries to be a jocular. He is a funny man, is Mr. Kings bury. Oh! he is a funnyman. And this niirht he was at his iokes acain, 'and' the House was sadder than ever. Slap bang, in the middle of some hon. member's speech, he rose to a point of order. Another point of order 1 Great Cmsai's ghost! Things were getting mixed. Let us see what it was. With the standing orders in one hand, and a, twinkle in his glas-.^ eye, he pointed out that if standing ©rd^K* were to be so strictly 1 )»-!Rdi tfat vefeuing to teaming uesvipap«5 in the. Chamber should be, enforcc.d. ..indis- criminately. ' Standing order be ? '?' said' someone from the other side, pulling up just in time to imply the' blank without littering it. 'Yes,' said the funny one, 'the stand ing order says that no member shall read a newspaper in the House for amusement. I want the Speaker's ruling.' And a chorus of Ha! Hi's, He! He's, and Ho ! Ho'.s, went up all found the Chamber. Then jolly Annear calmly said, ' That standing order . ? does not exist at the present time, and hon. members will lie quite in order in reading the newspapers.'1 One fair on the 'boko' for you, Mr. Kingsbury, how do you like it ? It was too bad attempting to deprivb members of the pleasure of .r.cadinp; '.these ' ' pars.' But such is Al ' Uwraith's colleague. Poor M'Uwraith. What' is that object trying to squeeze into the Chamber from the library- entrance? Is it a travelling Christy minstrel with a con certina ? All eyes are turned, on it, what is it ? Ah ! No ! Yes, so it is. ? Chataway ! the king of the cannibal islanders. One al most expects to hear his Salvation Army voice fill the chamber with 'Here I am again,' or -'Urn a Little Alabama Coon.' But as he gets well under the electric light it is seen that it is only everyday Cackling Chotaway after all, and that the; concertina looking object is a pile of pamphlets. But what are they ? A new sermon for Sunday by the hon member, or a pamphlet 911 ' How to increase your eloquence by having your lady friends in the gallery V? or a treatise on the properties of Kanaka bonctlust as a sugar-sane manure? or perhaps an ode to himself, to the chief of the ' Hansard,' or to the hon. member for Burke? Hon. mem bers look on anxiously, while the mysterious pile, forty four feet long, is placed gently on the end of the front Ministerial cross bench. Then it was discovered to be an innocent collection of ' Hansards,' Mr. Archer looked a bit nonplussed when he came in. The pile of ' Hansards ' was occupying his scat. He did not like the look of it ; touched it gingerly, sat down beside it, put on his hat, and cogitated. ? . When at last Mr. Leahy got to work with his amendment re the railway passes, it was amusing to watch how differently hon. mem; bers viewed the proposal. It resulted in one good thing if in nothing else. Castor and Pollux, who represent Gympie, were hi unison for once. All hail the millenium. Mr. Smyth spoke warmly against the gianting of these life passes. Then the man with the laugh rose and said, ' If there is one thing that I can agree with my colleague on it is in objecting to the new clause.' This observa- . tion Mr. Fisher followed up with a sound argument against the proposal. It was extraordinary to see how the opinion of hon. members changed when Mr. Tozcr said that he intended to vote for the granting of passes' to five-year-old members. Mr. Kingsbury led off by coolly intimating that he had told Mr. Leahy that he would vote agains'. his clause, ''but now I am prepared to vote for it. And others fol lowed. Has the gentle reader ever seen sheep put on board a steamer ? First one poor little ewe lamb is led by the scruff of the neck along the gangway and all the other little sheepie-peepies follow. It's a pretty sight. So was the little followthc lcader episode that night. Mr. Fisher during the evening pointed out that after he was elected 'for Gympie he travelled a good deal ou.the railway and paid his own fare. lie looked round the House proudly as he said it. Then Mr. Kingsbury got at him. lie said, ' An hon. member who, after he has been elected to a seat in this Parliament, pays his own railway faro is not fit to represent a commercial constituency,' and quickly added, 'but the hen. member has been long enough in the House to know better now.' And the House guffawed while conscientious froggy croaked. ? ... After Mr. Thomas had ineffectually en deavoured to amend the new clause by gianting tree railway passes only te members who had been 2? years in the House, the debate came to an end. During the course ' of its progress it was painful to watch the agitation of the hon. member for Bulloo. He canvassed every member of the House for his vote. Jack Hamilton was enlisted to assist him, and Billy O'Connell, with a, division list in his hand, sat on the back bench, and ticked off the names thereof as the canvassers reported progress. The re sult was that the new clause was carried by 331026\. . Other amendments as proposed for Mr. . Wilkinson, by Burke's lion, member were put and carried ; on one occasion the Government hcinc defeated by the Minister ? foi Lands voting for the 'faction,' the division being 15 to 14 against the Govern ment. The Hon. Mr. Barlow looked very uncomfortable. What a nice little wigging he would get from his colleagues after the house adjourned. 