Under tlieSliadow of Crime . NOW FlRST PWBUBHBD, or THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DDNRAYEN. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of a "Girl in a Thousand," "Sealed by a Kiss," "By Pair MeanB," ' "Couoh and Go," A'O. A li Queensland Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XXIX.— (Continued.) 'Booause Bome two years ago, or rather more, I married 0 man called Clement Bun raven to"ono Liebeth Glendinning.' ' Two years ago ! Then it ean't be our Sir Glement. Ho has been married to lady Gertrude nigh on two years. Where did you marry these people ?" . ' "Up at my ohuroli on Templemore, in Yorkshire.' ' My good friend, you will have to go a little further afield to find the couple yon are in search of. I think there is a branch of the Bunravens settled in Ire- land.' , , ' That's what Mr. Yaughan said when I asked him about the matter.' ' So you knew poor Mr. Yaughan ? ' 'Yes. He seemed interested in my statement about the marriage, and asked for the certificate.' Lisbeth did not speak; The revela tions of the last few minutes were so crushing that she was breathless. It was Mr. Singleton who continued. ' If I am on an entirely false scent it is curious that the man taken up for murdering Mr. Vaughan should bear the name of Glendinning.' ; ' I don't think there was anything said at the trial ahout this Glendinning being in any way mixed up with the Ban- ravens. I believe his father was bailiff to Sir Miles Berkeley,' romarked Lisbeth, as quietly as she could. ' Then you think it was a mere coin cidence ?' ' It must be, I should say, or wo should have heard something about it. Good- neBB knows, the subject has been discussed freely enough.' ' Well, I am sorry I missed Sir Clement. You really think there is no use in my going up to Aboyne Court ?' ' Of course you can go up if you like to see the place and have a talk with the housekeeper, though I don't think she knows as much as I do. She has not been there very long. I will show you the way if you like.' Lisbeth had not the slightest intention of letting him out of her eight to have any conversation with anyone if she could help it, hut she did not think it would do to he too anxious to prevent hiB going. Her tactics were successful. ' If you are sure Sir Clement is not at home what is the ?ood of my going up there ? ' he said. 'My wife, who is an invalid, does not know 1 am out of London ; I want to get baok as quickly as possible.' This was good news for Lisbeth, hut she did not sllow herself to appear ex hilarated, she only eaid very quietly ; 'I am sure Sir Clement is gone. I came down here to see tliem off in case Lady Gertrude should want me.' . ' I wonder when there is a train baok to town." He took a leaf torn from an ABC in reference to the Colcshill trains out of his pooket- book and began to Btudy it. Under other circumstances Lisbeth' would have wished him ' Good morning,' but she decided it was wiser to stick to him, if she could, and see him off. He seemed rather talkative, and if he got into conversation with any of the Coles- hill people he might , find out who Bhe was, and her name would betray her. To her infinite satisfaction he said that there would be an up train in five minutes by which he thought he had better return to town, though he felt very muoh as if he had come on a fool's errand, and got very little information. ' I'll walk across the bridge with you if you like,' suggested Lisbeth, ' and I'll tell you anything you want to know about these people that I know myself.' ' Awfully good of you. _ But am I not taking up your valuable time ?' ' Not in the least. My patient is just gone. I have no particular engagement this morning.' So they, started together baek to the platform from which Lisbeth had only just come, Mr. Singleton asking her many questions about Tierce Yaughau's death as they went along. Lisbeth, however, did not consider it necessary to know anything that was not in tho newspapers, and professed herself personally unacquainted with Mr. Vaughan. All she knew was that it had been a sad affair, and being followed so scon by the death of the little heir, had been a terrible shock to the family at the Court. When the incoming train was signalled how thankful LiBbeth felt no tongue can »y- Mr. Singleton held out his hand to her. ' I am so glad I met you ; before we part you must toll mo your name.' ' Nurses have no names,' she answered, evasively. 'I am known as Nurse Jane — -and your name? I am going to write to Lady Gertrude about a commission she left me, and I will tell her of this inter view.' . She knew it only too Yell, still it was discreet to inquire. He gave her a card out of liis pooket- book, 1 Rev. Abel Singleton,' and as he did so crushed the rising hope that bad sprung into her heart when she thought that perhaps she bad got rid of him for ever. ' I am taking my siok wife abroad,' he remarked, 'perhaps we may meet the Bunravens ; have you any 'idea where they are going?' . 4 Not the least. Their route, is very undecided.' The answer was a hurried one, and Lisbeth entirely forgot she had jnst said that ehe was going to write to Lady Gertrude. It was as good as any other, however, for the train glided off, and Mr. Single ton had no time to make further inquiries. As she turned round feeling almost faint from the relief of having got' rid of him, a voice said, 'Hullo, Miss Glen dinning, I thought I Bhould havtbeen in time to see the Bunravens off, but I hear they went by an earlier train. "Who was that ? ' The speaker was Dr. Watson, curious as was his wont to know all about every thing that waB going on. # 'A friond of Mr. You ghan's,'. replied Lisbeth, atill with an effort keeping up , the strain of answering with indifference, questions that were to her of Buch vital importance. ' He wanted' to ' see Sir Clement, and condole- with him, and learn all particulars. He was sorry to ;hhve missed him.' ' Jolly good thing he did, Sir Clement has had, enough of that subject. Pity l did not see him, I could have told him all he wanted to know.' Lisbeth could not help shuddering; at the thought of what might have been the issue if the parson and the dootor had met. . - ' You are catching cold standing about at these dismal leave- takings,' said the dootor, who saw her shiver. 1 1 shall have you on -my hands next. Get into my trap and T will drive you home.' Lisbeth accepted gratefully. She felt very weary and out of spirits. A drive through the fresh air might do her good. At all fevents it was hotter than walking through the town, to he cross-questioned at every turn about the Dunravens and their affairs, as she inevitably would he. The difficulty was to keop up appearances with Br. "Watson, and seem to ho her usual self. The little man was, how ever, suoh a good talker that it was an immense holp to Lisbeth, nnd they drove away in the smart little gig very briskly and enjoyably. That is, the dootor was thoroughly enjoying himself, and he took it for granted that Lisbeth was doing the same. One not very pleasant outcome of the drive neither of them had . considered, whioh was that seeing Lisbeth Glen dinning seated by Dr. Watson in hiB gig had set the whole of Coleshill chattering and wondering whether the bellringera would have to praotice wedding ohimos. Not that such a wedding would have afforded Coleshill any particular satis faction. The Glondinnings were hy no means popular, more than half the popu lation still believing, notwithstanding the verdict, that Jim Glendinning had had a hand in the death of Picrco Yaughan. And to s.ee their pet doctor married to this men's daughter was by no meanB what Coleshill would have chosen had it been consulted in the matter. If Lisbeth had been less absorbed in the contemplation of her recent meeting with tho Rev. Abel Singleton, she would not have run the gauntlet of general observa tion. As it was, she felt thankful for the dootor'e protecting caro, and did not con sider anything that lay beyond. She had been used to look up to him for help and advice, it would have seemed unnatural to have to forego liin assistance. Of Course Dr. Watson could not help seeing that Lisbeth was by no means herself, but he ascribed it to her parting with the Duuravens. He was quite aware of her devotion toLady Gertrude, and that the departure of the inmates of Aboyne Court would create a great blank in her life. Ah ! if he could only fill it, he thought, as he Bat there by Lisbeth's side. And then he, tqo, fell to ruminating over the suspicion that had been awakened in his mind in connection with little Lisa. Thinking bard, he actually forgot to talk ; thus they became euoh a silent couple as they drove along that . one would have imagined they had been married for years. Nor did they awake from their very different dreams until they reached the cottage. ' I'll just come in and see if ail your people are all right,' said the dootor. In reality he wanted to havo a good look at Lisa, and see if he could trace any likeness that would be a guido to him for the future. " What ho saw in tho ohild he did not say, but he looked so grave that Lisbeth ashed excitedly what ailed Lisa, was she ill, did he see any hidden disease ? She seemed hearty and strong enough. 'No, no, tho child is well enough, there is nothing to be anxious about. I am only studying heredity, it is a pet study of mine, and he signed. ' Studying heredity, what do you mean? What heredity did he find in Lisa, this waif?' and the hot blood rushed into Lisbeth's faoe as she asked the questions. He did not reply in a direct manner, but looked at her very hard, and then at the ohild, and holding out his hand, said ho would call again in a few days. Br. Watson was gone, and there was no doubt hut that he carried with him the knowledge that she was Lisbeth's own ohild. She wondered what he would do with hiB knowledge. Would he guard it faith fully, or would he betray her ? She put the latter supposition away as unworthy. She had too high an opinion of Dr. Watson to think him capable of betray ing any woman. She went upstairs to her room, took off her outdoor garments, and then, having locked tho door, gave way to one of those paroxysms of wild tears which — as a heavy Btorm clears the atmosphere of a summor'a night — make a woman's heart feel lighter for awhile. » Lisbeth had that day gone through more than she could well endure. The falsehoods, the humbug ahe had been compelled to have recourse .to in her interview with Mr. Singleton in order to shield Sir Clement, were most repulsive to her, and added therefore to the misery she was already feeling from anxiety. Could she go on bearing this burden i" Bilenoe. Should Bhe make a clean broait of everything to Dr. Watson ; would he not help her and Sir Clement to, or must she keep the seoret until it drove her mad ? CHAPTER XXX. The Si'EoraBs of the Future. 'Don't you think, Gertie darling, that a drive would do you good ? For two days you have not been out of this hotel — wo might as well have stayed at home if you da not benefit by the ohange..'/ 1 1 am so tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie here and be at peace.' ' Are you sorry you came abroad, dear?' ' No, I am very glad, for I think you already look the better for the ohange.' And so be did. Thore was a good deal of elasticity in Clement Bunravon's nature, and hearing and Boeing nothing to annoy hira, ho had to an extent thrown off hiB weight of worries. Of course he bad his dark hours, and very tevriblo they were, hut siaco the boy's death he had managed to conceal thorn from Lady Gertrudo, and as he did not look so haggard as lie had done in England, she reasonably conjectured that the change was doing hira good. And this was the 0110 gleam of sunshino tho poor little woman had, far her own heart was very sad, and bo broken was sho that thoeo about her almost feared she hud re ceived lier death -blow when tho baby died. Sir Clement, however, would not be lieve this. He deolined to see any danger in his. Gertie's condition. v; Other women hndTost ohildron boforo and'-had got over it, why should sho not do"; the Bamo? Thoro was no orgnnio disease, of that Br. Watson had assurud him. Lady Maroia and Elvira Delano would arrive' in n oouplo of days, and tlion Gerty would olioor up. How could ho, miserablo and remorseful wretch that ho was, expect to bo ablo to ohour her up, and as yot tlioy had not mot anyouo in Wiesbndon whom thoy know. Tliue ho consoled himsolf us he wandorod about tho lovely gardon in whioh the ICurhaus and tho prinoipul villas are situatod, and longed for tho time whon, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be induced to aocompany them in their wanderings. If he oould only get her into the Kur-garten every day to hear the band, he know she would soon got all right. How'fallaoious is hope, yet but for hope how deep would be dospair. Wiesbaden was not, perhaps, altogether the very beat place to whion Lady Ger trude could have come ; a more bracing climate might havo served her better. It was Lady Marcia who had chosen it; She had, or imagined she had, various ailments for whioh a residence at Wies baden would he benefioial, since it abounds in specialists of considerable re nown, and the ohicf objeot being to get Lady Gertrude away from the remi niscences that surrounded her at Aboyne Court, the climate of her temporary abode had not been brought under discussion. 'Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the places of interest in the neighbourhood,' persisted Sir Clement. ' I am very, well here at this window ; I can see the trees.' They were at an hotel on the Wilhelm Strasee, looking on to the park. ' Then 1 must go all alone,' said Sir Clement, with a sigh. This appeal at onoe roused Lady Ger trude _ ' I will go with you, Clem, dear — for give mo for being so selfish. Order a carriage for five o'olook, it will be cooler thon.' He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what there was in him, a mere criminal, that two women should he always ready to sacri fice their wisheBand pleasures to his. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction, he thought lie would go to tho post office and see if there were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about thoir rooms in the hotel, all letters were to be sent 'poste restante,' a plan whioh especially suited Sir Clement, us he could thus receive lettera from Liebeth without their being observed either by his wife or the servants. Thero was one awaiting him now, with a small P marked in the corner, whioh meant that he was to open it when no one was by. Tho sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though ho himself had told her to put it, she had declined, saying '.that the letters she intended to write in the future would be of such a nature that anyone might read them.' Something unexpected then had oc curred, Sir Oloment feared, as he stood in the Btreet tearing open the letter with trembling fingers, ' perhaps the other child also was dead.' By one of those perverse whims for which ho himself oould have given no reason, ever since the boy's death, Clement Dunraven had found himself constantly thinking.about Lisa. . Lisa, of whoso existence he had not taken any account, until within the last few weeks. If any sickness or trouble had over taken her he felt he would be sorry on his own account as well as for Lisbeth's, whose idol he knew she was.- But Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him so, and he felt relieved. Very soon, howevor, was. he to have his rising spirits dashed to the ground as he went on with the letter and read the whole account of Lisbeth's interview with the Rev. Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he foared, was the re lentless pursuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out his «ln, Lisbeth had been moBt judicious, and had laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman that she was; hut there was no saying when it would begin to stalk again, or at what point of his travels he might meet it. He took a long walk before he re turned to Lady Gertrude, although there were several letters at the post office which he knew she would he glad to have; but he felt he did not dare meet her questioning glanoes until, after this fresh blow, ho could manage to assume something of his wonted calm. One omission he blamed Lisbeth for in his mind. "Why had she not asked where on the continent this persistent parson was going to take his Biok wife. It would have been ao easy to avoid that partioulnr spot, and with the small means the Singletons had they were not likely to travel about mueh. Now he would he kept incon stant dread, examining hotel visitors' hooks, looking into the faoe of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, lest tho man who spoke should be Singleton, whose personal ap pearance he had totally forgotten. Ub, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful life- drama ho had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himsolf. to be continued to-morrow. 