THE BEVERLEY GHOST. [By Jenny Mae Blakeslee.] Tho old Beverley place was haunted. At least that is what everybody said, and when "everybody" says a thing is so of course it is so, especially in a little town like Elliston. There certainly was a singular melancholy air brooding over this old mansion, although it had been deserted only for about five years. The heir to the property,. young Henry ; Beverley, had gone abroad on the death of his father, leaving the place unoccupied, and his stay had been unexpectedly prolonged. The house wafe a stately structure of stone, and wquld seem a safe place in which to store the valuables that according to rumor had been left there—old family plate, rich maho gany furniture and costly bric-a-brac.^ _ Re ports of all this had aroused the spirit of covetousness in the breasts of at least the less scrupulous of the neighboring villagers. A rumor, however, that the late Mr. Beverley's shade made nightly visitations to guard his son's possessions had. probably so far kept away these would-be burglars, if such existed. Farmer Bagstoek stood one August after noon in the doorway of Mr. Smythe's little store—one of the kind that keeps the whole range of neces-J sities from muslin to mowing machines. His thin saw-like features wore. an. expectant expression, and his eyes were lightened by a look of cunning aud greedy as lie occa sionally glanced down the road. , Farmer Bag stock was not rich in this world's goods, and the nature of his efforts to become so might, it is feared, damage his prospects in the next. His patient waiting was at last rewarded, for a long lank figure presently appeared far down the street evidently making for Mr. Smythe's establishment. When this individual, known as Hoke Simp kins, mounted the steps the farmer greeted him in a rather surly way. "Ben waitin' long enough, I should think. " Couldn't git here nosooner, 'pon my word," responded Hoke apologetically. . , After a word or two with the talkative store keeper Bagstoclc bestowed a wink upon his friend, and suggested that they " walk down the road a piece." Hoke 'complied, and pre sently they left the highway and entered a small piece of woodland. Following the course of a brook for some distance they reached an immense oak-tree and seated themselves under neath it. The surrounding underbrush and the oak's thick trunk concealed them from the view of any one who might chance ■ to pass along by the stream. ' r- II. . A short time before this James Stokes, one of the village boys, came down to the brook to try liis luck at trout-fishing. The afternoon was'sultry and rather cloudy, and it was pro bable that the fish would bite if there were any there.. But these contrary trout evidently .turned up their ■ noses at his tempting flies,, and at last he gave up in de spair. But Jimmy would not relinquish all hope of a "catch" yet, so he wandered further up the stream. _ He walked quite noiselessly for fear of scaring the fish, and at last halted just -back of • a large oak tree. Before he had had time to east his fly Jimmy, heard the sound of menV voices speaking in low and cautious tones.. How he was a typical small boy, and of a ■shrewd and enquiring turn of mind, so he dropped quietly down on the bank and listened, screening himself _ from possible observation by getting behind a large stump. Soon he caught a sentence which made, him hold his breath to hear ihore. " Waal," slowly said a voice which lie could not at first recognise, " the only thing is we'll haf ter break a winder. I found everythin' fastened when I skirmished round t'other night." _ "It'ud make an awful racket breakin' the glass. 'Twould be. better to take a pane out, I reckon," answered the other man. Jimmy was quite certain that tliis speaker was Hoke Simpkins. "Yaas, it might," said the other, medita tively ; " that big; winder at the end of the hall." "Folks say there's piles o'silver and things worth.a heap o' money.- How I'd like to get holt on it I" And Jimmy knew that Farmer Bagstoek had spoken. . "Don't see why we can't cut out a pane right under the ketch. Then we c'n raise the winder in a jiffv." "Waal, it might do ,that way,", answered Bagstoek. "What d' ye' say to next Monday nignt ? That ain't too soon, be it ?" Hoke said he thought not. ' "Theii," went on the farmer, "we want dark lanterns, and," with a chuckle,."I don't think an'old niealbag or floursaclc 'u'd be onhandy.' We could git there about :hine, cut the pane aout, then go off. fur a spell, fur if 'anyone was alpolun'it -'u'd.'throw ,'em off - the scent." After a consid'able space we could sneak back and git in. Thar, how's that for a scheme ?" lie finished triumphantly. ' "Fine," said Hoke admiringly. But he added rather slowly "Folks say old Beverley's spook's around there, y' know,- but I ain't afraid,, be you ?' ■.'.-."Spooks!", laughed Bagstoek scornfully. " They ain't no secli tiling. Ef there was they couldn't hurt 1 is." Both were rather silent for a moment, how ever, after this brave speech, and soon the farmer, suggested that they had said enough .for the present, and might as well move on. They rose to leave their retreat, and. Jimmy made liimself as small as possible back of the stuuip. As he was on the other side of the brook, from the men, they passed by without seeing him, and were presently lost to . his view. . Then Jimmy rose to. his feet, shook himself, looked around, and gave vent to liis feelings by a long whistle aud the exclamation, "Jiminy Chrismus, if I could only—" ' He stopped short, seeming to remember that " discretion is ■ the batter part of valor," and that some one might be listening to hear what he was going to say. So'he only walked away very slowly, almost forgetting to-pick up liis fishing tackle in his absorption. On arriving homo he laid his rod on the front porch, and without lingering a moment, dashed across the lawn, got through a hole in the fence, and then ;raced across_ lots to the village store. He en countered his. bosom friend Will Smythe in ■front .of his father's establishment, and greeted him excitedly. . : " Hullo, Bill! I've got something to tell .'you. Quick ! _ Come over to the orchard; I can't wait a minute." ' Full of curiosity Bill followed Jimmy's lead, land they were soon in their favorite haunt, an old apple-tree. "Now," said Jimmy, "wait till y6u hear what I have to tell you.. Whew ! ■ It's im mense !"■ - _ , ! Billy was breathless with interest, and Jim unfolded the plot. he had heard. Will be came as excited as his friend could wish, and exclaimed : "The scoundrels! • Can't we head them off ?" "If we could only hit on something without letting anyone know. That miserly Bag stock I Father always said he.wouldn't trust him with a dime, and Hoke Simplrins would j do anything Bagstoek told him to. . He's a coward, anyway." . Billy was lost in thought. _ Suddenly he claimed—" Hurrah ! I have it. Just the thing. Tn his eagerness he nearly fell out of the tree. When , he had managed to tell his plan it met .'with.tremendous applause from Jimmy. What came of Will's bold inspiration remains to be seen. • : . . .1X1. • . i I Monday evening was moonless, just the night for a reckless deed. The conspirators thought that they were especially favored. By 9 both were at the meeting-place, and repaired in silence to.the old house. The night was one of the kind that ghosts usually select for a promenade, and this thought may . have oc curred to the minds of the farmer and Hoke. -Each assured himself that such an idea was nonsense, but just the same this delicate sub ject was not mentioned. The window being found, Bagstoek pro ceeded to pry out the pane. Then both, after glancing- cautiously about, stole away to Simpkins's house, which was not ;far distant. It was: fully an hour before they returned and viewed the window. All was as theyj had left it, and Bagstoek said in a hoarse whisper, ; " Now then, you climb in first.'.' ■ ; • Hoke drew.back a little.. The house, some how, looked unusually dismal. 1 j " What, you ain't afraid, be you?" ejaculated the farmer. • Hoke said, " Of course not," but for some unaccountable reason his voice shook slightly. He consented to be boosted up, and inserting his hand in the opening easily undid the catch and raised the lower sash. Both of them would have been seized with consternation had they imagined that but a short time before other hands than their own had made the same use of this very window. Now, Hoke was an awkward youth, and in climbing over the sill his foot caught, which very shortly deposited him on the floor. This mishap . added ' to his misgivings, but lie Xiicked himself up and helped in the im patient Bagstoek. They were now inside the walls which sheltered, the coveted treasure. What to do next'! With: tho aid of their dark lanterns they, groped along the hall, . which ran .from front to back, as in most old houses built in the colonial style. Poor Hoke found ■ hi knees beginning to shake in a distressing manner. Any corner might suddenly reveal something to strike them with terror. If he had not discarded his hat before entering it would have been at present resting on the ends of his abundant crop of hair. He was obliged to. catch hold of the farmer to steady, himself, which called forth a growl from that quarter, for Bagstoek was having all he could do to stifle some little misgivings of his own, "-Where the dickens," he muttered, "can the tilings——" He stopped suddenly! The hall was wide as well as long, and they, had now nearly reached the front end. At one side-stood a large heavy chest, suggestive of riches stored, perhaps, in its depths. Hear it was. a heap of furniture and rubbish. Bagstock had taken a step for ward,:. and almost had his hand on the chest when'his lantern flashed on something. This "something" made liis_ knees shake more,! his hair rise higher, and his eyes ! bulge out further than Hoke's ever thought- of doing. . Seated on that very chest was an object in white, per fectly motionless," its liead evidently turned toward the men. The farmer ■ was trans fixed with horror, arid what Hoke was un dergoing at that moment may bo imagined but not described. He only gave vent to a kind of howl and dropped with a thud on the floor. Bagstock looked as though his shaky knees would oblige him to follow Hoke's example, when suddenly the figure moved. It rose slowly, slowly, to its full height, raised one long: arm, and pointing to the chest, said, in low, blood-curdling tones: " Yonder lies the treasure. Bcioarc ! Touch, it not, or ye die J" \ They waited to hear no more;.' Somehow they reached that window by a succession of bumpings and scrapings, and finally, with a particularly heavy .and " emphatic thump, Hoke found himself on the ground. Before he could struggle up the farmer was on top of him. • After they had extricated themselves it did not take long for both to put a good half mile between themselves and the haunted house. A rumor that two men had attempted to burglarise the Beverley House, but had been nearly frightened out of their wits by the famous ghost, and taken themselves" off in terror, caused much excitement in the village. The names of the two men no one seemed able to find out, but Bill Smythe and James Stokes had many a laugh in private over the sheepish look which the faces of Farmer Bagstock and Hoke Simnlcins always wore when ;the subject of the burglary was mentioned -Harper s Hound, Table. 