SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BY SKTPP BOBLASE, T , h °* of "For True Lore's Sake,""Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death,"' 'An Ooean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches !?m? u 5' ' " Wh0 kill6d Jo 1 ™ Cameron? 1 "The Polioe Minister," &c.; CHAPTER LXXII. BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES AT THE FLYING HORSE IN PACKER-STREET. The next day Sir Harry Howarth and Lady Cameron of Stranraer were arraigned before the Magistrates at the Flying Horse Inn, in Packer-street, where Courts of^etty Session Were at that time always held. As the C&BBB; against them were of a totally different nature, they were, of course, charged separately, the Baronet with the attempted murder of one Lancelot Leigh, and Lady Stranraer for consorting with rebels and traitors, and, knowing them to be such, failing to deliver them over to the law. Sir Harry was the first to be arraigned, and pleaded through his solicitor homiaiae by misadventure. JoBiah Tobyn entered the witness-boxready to swear to anything and everything that was at all calculated to whitewash himself from all blame in the matter. He deposed to the how and for what reason he had conducted Sir Harry Howarth to the old house in Gho6t-lane on the previous night, and that when they had entered it in as quiet a manner HB they could they Haw what looked like a man's form in the gloom, whereupon Sir Harry had roared out villain," rushed upon the individual, and run hiB sword through him, and he (the witness) had immediately made off in order to summon assistance. " Have yon any questions to put to the witness?" asked the senior Magistrate of the Baronet when Tobyn's examination-in-ohief was done with. Sir Harry, turning upon the little staymaker, e&id; to him, "Did you not hear me address myself to the figure in the doom, and reoeive the answer from him that he was Greenwood before I rushed upon him?" " I oan't say. I was too nervous to take notice. I flatter myself that I am as brave as most men, and confront me with assassins or spectres singly, and I hope I Bhould know how to faoe 'em. But when I became impressed with the idea that I was in the company of both of'em, I made my bow and retired," answered the little man with dignity. "Don't make an ass of yourself, witness," said one of the Justioes in ao stern a tone that the stayinaker nearly jumped out of his shoes. " And look ye," he added, " answer the questions that are addressed to you briefly and to the point, or we'll commit you to prison for contempt of Court." " Lord sake, gentlemen, I'll say whatever will give you pleasure, and if you want to get Sir Harry off, as—as being a bird of the same feather—without meaning any offence by the term, I'll swear that another man rushed into the house and past the Baronet and myself and did the deed. It'll be all the same in a hundred years, your honours, but as I'm the father of twins newly arrivnd, your Worships —And nine other small children besides—the •ending me to prison would be a serious thing for all of us, not even forgetting the mother, who would be sure GO go stiff, stark, staring mad, and a disgraoe, and in that state of mind would most likely first throttle all tbe young un9, and then olap my powder flask into hor mouth and blow her own head off by shoving a lighted match into it, beoause of the unmerited dishonour that was oast upon the nameof Tobyn," retorted the stay-maker all in one breath. "Send that fellow about hiB business, his testimony is worthless; he offers to violate the sanctity of an oath; he declares himself ready to swear to anything," said the senior Magistrate, and the others assenting to his dictum Tobyn was first hustled out of the witness-box, and then unceremoniously kicked out of the Court, this last to the pain of his body, but, at the same time, to the great relief of his mind. Jim Nuttall, the pinner, then was sworn, and deposed that at a quarter past 2 in the morning Sir Harry Howarth bad woke him up and offered him at first a guinea, and then two guineas, for the keys of the old house in Ghost-lane, of whioh he had the care. That he had tried to dissuade him from entering the mansion at suoh an hour by saying that awful beings in the shape of mortal men were known to infest it all through the long hours of darkness, and that the Baronet had replied with an oath, "Should I meet anything there in the Bhape of a mortal man my sword shall be through him in a twinkling." The words were spoken with great venom, and he (the witness) remembered them BO well perhaps on that account. He went on to depose as to being present when Parson Bellos planted the market oross in the Lane, and laid che ghosts—to his remaining behind and addressing a few people who stopped to hear him about the old house —to Joeiah Tobyn, the previous witness, suddenly rushing up and informing them that a murder had been committed therein by the priaoner then at the bar, and as to running thither in company with several more and finding a wounded man lying almost at the foot of the stairs with no manner of weapon in his hand or lying beside him, the prisoner standing over him with hiB drawn sword in his hand dripping blood, and a young lady on the stairs, and apparently in the aot of descending them, but looking as though che was afraid to dome any further for fear lest she should be slain in like manner. " Did the prisoner deny his guilt?" asked one of the magistrates. "No, your Worship," answered Nut tall, " he as good as confessed it, bat that he had made a mistake in his man, and had taken the wounded gentleman to be an individual oalled Halcamus Greenwood." "Have you any questions to put to this witness, Sir Harry?" asked the senior Jua tice. "No, for he has spoken nothing but the truth, and knows nothing more .than he has already deposed to," was the answer. The Court then enquired if the wounded man had been capable of making any depositions by affidavit, but was informed by hiB medical attendant that he was in far too Serious a condition to be able to do so. Upon being sworn he deposed, however, that Lancelot Leigh had twice or thrioe uttered the word '* Mistake—mistake,"though it was impossible to decide whether he was quite conscious of what he said. KoBe was then put into the bos on Sir Harry's aooount, previously, as every one oonoluded, to being plaoed in the dock on her own, and deposed firstly to the manner in whioh she had been awakened by the sounds of a souffle and of a shriek below stairs, and secondly as to what she had beheld on lighting a candle and descending the staircase in order to discover what was the matter. AB the reader, however, is acquainted with the whole affair, there ia no need to enter into a twice-told tale. The blaokest bit of evidenoe she gave against the Baronet exaotly corresponded with Nuttall's, namely, that is own sword was drawn and blood dripping, whilst the wounded man had no kind of weapon either in his hand or dropped near him. The donble testimony seemed to declare the orime, beyond the shadow of a doubt, to be one of assassination instead of a mere duello. The case for the Crown being now oonoluded, Sir Harry was asked what he had to urge in his defenoe, and briefly stated that his wife had been abducted by force from the grounds of Clegg Hall, and how he had offered a reward of a thousand pounds for her recovery. That Josiah Tobyn, who had been examined as a witness against him, had told him where she was to be found, and that he had set out in that individual's company in order to rescue her. That on entering the old bouse in the night-time he had descried an unmistakable man's form in the darkness, and oonoluding that he could be no other than his wife's abduotot, his anger and indignation had got the better of him, and under their influenoe he had drawn his aword, rushed forward and run him through the body. ' He said much more than this, but the foregoing iB an epitome of what he did say. - The Magistrates then put their heads together, and would doubtless have acquitted the Baronet had it been possible to do without a gross miscarriage of justioe. As, however, it was very evident that he oauld have no right to take the law into his own hands in any oase, and that a yet heavier degree of culpabality was attachable to his running an unresisting man through the body prior to convincing himseif in a much more careful manner than he bad done as to whom h(Twae, they had no resource open to them but to oommit Sir Harry to prison until Buch time as the recovery or death of hiB viotim should settle the nature of the orime wherewith he would have to be charged at the approaching Lanoaster Assizes. Nor was it possible, under the then existing laws, to allow him bail, on which account he was at once taken away and lodged in gaol. 