AMERICA. ?1 ?* h - ? i «» the 'nevv' movement1; among irish ameiucAnsV THE PHYSICAL FORCE PROPOSALS. For some six months what is called the 'new movement' has been carried on in a small way among the ' extremist' section of Irishmen in the United States. It is no surprise, therefore, to read the following cable despatched to Australia under date August 17, by the anti-Home Rule press agents in London : — ' A largely-attended Irish- American convention has been held at Philadelphia, at which a resolution was passed in favour of renewing physical force as a menns of bringing about Home Rule in Ireland.' THE CONVENTION'. ihe iMⅈ %nV\ii\hWi New York, a small but fiery paper, in which the' '' new mcrtement' was inaugu rated, and which alone appears to report ine pro ceedings of the movement, had the folIo'Yvrfify Iti its iosue of Sunday, June 6 : — ? . 1 When the men who projected what is now ca'led the ' New Movement' for Irish independence made public their proposed convention they did so with diffidence in the succesa of their enterprise. But patience and perseverance with honesty of purpose never failed to succeed, and we can safely say that the; preliminary work of the New Movement has been succesoful beyond the most sanguine expecta tions. of those who launched the project. From the Dalko of the Columbia to the Palieades of the Hud oon, from the woods of Maine to the plainsof Texas, letters are received every day enthusiastically en- ] dorsing the New Movement, and hopeful that the j oonvention will be large and representative. It will j be p, large and representative convention. It will ! bo a historical convention, for it will map out a policy that in spite of the apparently tremendous j odde against us, will tend to equalize the conditions of England and Ireland, and enable the latter coun try to exact the whole of that which she formerly supplicated for in part. If we are true to ourBelvea the learned and the unlearned, the rich and the pdor, all united in a fixed and determined purpose to achieve the independence of Ireland, we shall and must succeed. THE ' MORAL AND PHYSICAL' POLICY. In the Irish Republic July 14, to hand by the mail this week, we find the following editorial article :— There is a class of people in America who seem to think that when certain Irishmen reject Parlia mentary agitation, that therefore there is no other alternative for them but to fight fee English Army at once, and oppose blackthorns to rifles and pikes to Gatling guns. If these wiseacres judge of us by the measure of their own intelligence, as so ex Dressed, possibly we could pardon them for believ ing us to be as idiotic as themselves. Unfortunately, most of these critics of the anti-parliamentarian movement are men who have an interest in the con tinuance of Parliamentary agitation, and whose personal advantage it is to frown down any real and robust movement for Irish liberty. We do not condemn moral force, but without physi cal force behind it, it is but a disembodied spirit, a kind of accusing ghost that may haunt the tyrant's dreams, but have no tangible effect upon his, con science. Physical force is the body, the material which united with the soul forms the man. Both, are necessary to each other in all natural actions. Moral force, to have effect, must have physical force behind it ; that condition does not nocessarily imply that the physical force must be put into execution at an inevitable disadvantage. A man is slow to hurt or insult his neighbour when he knows the latter is in a condition to do him severe bodily harm. We must put Irishmen the world over in such a oondition that they may not only avail themselves of the opportunity, but make the opportunity that will place them on greater terms of equality in strength with England. England has not received from Gcd a charter of immortality any more than the mighty empires that preceded her. Her decadence has been most rapid in the past generation. She is living on her money and the prestige of the past. She has not a friend in the world, and are we, after generations of heroic resist ance, now at the end of seven centuries of conflict j to adjure our national rights, and take our place as British provincialists, voluntary inheritors of her j curses and her coming doom ? The parliamentarians, ] say ' yes.' The men of the New Movement say j 'No !' And every Irishman in America true to the principles of Irish liberty will re-echo that 'No !'? until it will resound through every hillside ani^ [ valley ia Ireland, and kill for evev the spirit of Wss^ Britons, 