THE CHAMPION BRIDEGROM. America produces many champions, hut her latest perhaps is the best effort theUnited States has been credited with for a very long time. The New York correspondent of a Melbourne paper relates that James Clark, who is sixty years of age, and possesses only onearm, has married 69 wives, most of whom are still alive to tell of the_ perfidyof lht4us'2p?~lranduli was to marry any woman who would have him, young or old, possessing or otherwise ; so long as the bride of the hour possessed some means the marriage bells rang out, and the happy couple were joined. A brief honeymoon of some 24 to 48 hours ensued in most cases, and then the much- married man ruthlessly fractured thesilkern strands by the simple pro cessof levanting with the lady's jewels and other property. He was not at all particalar in the matter of nation ality, and at last he secured a smart newly-landed French woman, who was speedily made Mrs. Clark the sixty eigth. They want to Niagaras, and the bridegroom left the resta fe.v hours after their arrival, taking every thing he could lay his hands on. The French lady at once issued a war rant, which was smartly executed, but not before the one- armned Adonis had taken unto himself another wife. As soon as the story got abroad graaa widowed wives of all shapes, sizes, and ages; pretty wives, ugly wives, tall wives, short wives, all manner of womankind in fact, turned up to confront the bridegroom like the ghosts of an unburied past. The consequence is that a clean shaven, one armed old gentleman with a strong cast in one eye languishes in durance vile, and his victims are enjoying a great revenge in the knowledge that le cannot mInrry a.ny more horrid women. America would appear to be a very easy country to he married in. According to the experience of the amorously acquisitive Clark what tie matrimonial advertisements style 'marriageable ladies with moderate means" appear to hang cherry ripe by the wayside ready to frll into the conjugal state as a nod from a one armed swain with an eccentric eye. Perhaps it was the eye that ' fetched' tihe ladies, or mayhap the beautifully simple manner of dissolving the bonds through the Divorce Court, may have omething todo with the readiness of the sex to plunge into wedlock. 