BENDIGO GLER CLUB The Masonic Hall was crowded in every part last night to witne s the performance by the Bendigo Glee Club, assisted by the Ladies’ Associated Choir, of the second act of “Les Cloche* <te Coroeville.” Prior to tho opera tbdre was a concert, which was bpono'l by tho. quartette (a) “The Foot Traveller,” by Abt, andT (6) “Mcodotesbon’s “Forowell to the Forest,” both of which wore nicely Ming by Mrs Bindley, Miss Brown, Mr Bindley and Mr McKte and Ibo same Udiea and gentle man were equally successful in (n) Bishop’s M Ueit, Gentle Maiden,” and (b) lloot’a “ Johnny Sohrookor,” Mr It Trorobath sang “Blancs,” by Mattel, fairly well, but was somewhat nervous, Miss D->ra - ,OI»w r ®“" dcrcdMoHoy’s “The Coraival” an sweetly that ber re-appearance on tbo concert plat form will bo looked forward to with pleasure A duet by Miss Amy Castles and Master P. Boonao,».“Tho Sailor Sighs,” wcllromted the spontaneous onooro that was demanded. Mr Jsa. McKee's dovp add powerful bass voioo was beard to great advantage in Woiss *“Tho Slave’s Dresm,” and tbo gom of the flr>t part was Miss' M. Bodo’s singing of “Angus' Macdonald,” by Rocckol. It was most en thusiastically encored; 'Tbo accompaniments were artistically played by Mias A. Ashworth. After a< rattier-long-interval fcho curtain rang op for tbo operatic performance, tbo entr’acte being excellently played by an,orchestra under tbo leadership of Mr O. Flight, white tbo baton was in Ibo band*" of'. Mr J. Nortboott. Tbo concerted number- by Germaine (Mrs Bindley), Henri (Mr A. Poaroe), and a full chorus, “ Let our torches light the gloom,” went vory nlcoly, and QcrmaSno air. By bis side,” was beautifully giver. The trios “I’ll shut my eyes, - by SorpolHto (Mi*, - Gerty While), .Grooichoux (Mr J. a. Bryan) and tbo Bailie .(Mr C. McLeod) was most-arousing, Miss Wiiite’a acting, being re markably good. Bafpoletlo’s song, “Wot a, ghost at All,” was ono of Ibo best bite of tbo evening, and Mr,C: McLeod wa< quite at home In the.buffo song, “Ob dear, oh Boar. Henri’s recitation-and ; air, with dhoru», “BUont Heroin,” wasgivon with' groit sne er se. “ Wbat’s she Saying” wa* chiefly notice able for the'abandon with wbiob Miss White throw borsolf into her solo. The-du>»t between Germaino andHonri, “ My lord, ray Lord,” was excellently rendered, Tho chorus, r As _ bis looking somewhat' pole,”" ivas the host given during, tbo night., Mr Bryan narrowly escaped an encore for ’his solo, Tbo. duet between Oospard (Mr Bindley), and Qreniobdux (Mis# Davis) “ Love, Honor, Happiness,” went ex cellently, and -the finale was." given ao . spiritedly, that (be audience regretted-that tbo aotbad;come tel 1 conclusion. .Of tho per formers Mias While deserves .flr«t mention, and bor performano? netootebod those who were mot ; awaw - that tbo young lady possessed Jot ,:addmon 16 an excellent voice -histrionic ability, Mrs Biodley .msdo a charming Germaine, nod say and acted like a Iruo artist. Miss F. Davis bad butlictlosinging to bufi sbs looked -and not of tbo part ofGbriatopbi to perfection. Mr Bindley’fl delineation’ of the ptrt of Qaspard. whs of ; sooh a, high' oharaoter that bo was lifted; still higher in the estimation.of Iba.poeplo of this city. Mr Pourco wai rather . automatib as Henri, but bis singing in a-great .'measure compensated for tbl< defect. 1 Mr Mcl/sod and Mr Won born, «s tta6i.Bailte and-GobOj kept tbo funny E>rt of tho ops|A going .splendidly, and Mr. cyan was olkUiat oouldbowlsbod for as; Qreoioheux. 'V/The' performance was most: sucoosiful, apdfor this in a groat measure the orohostrd and tho ohorus, wbiob .was/a very largo one, aro : 4n a grb>t measure ;re •pooslble,: work bfproduojng tbo opera was entirely on -the. shoulder* of Mr, Bindley,’.who. is justly entitled to congratulate himtelfyn. the supoess.ofb [«■ efforts, VI 