The Difficulty. " Do you move pian'-s 'i " be asked at the dray office. "Certlinly." " \V»-II. I want one moved, but I'm afraid it will be too hard a job for you." " Triift in foe that, sir; what is your number't " "711, Trump-street- — but, you understand the piano is at 713."—Chic • go News. CJetting Even. "Jones is going to publish my noveW 'What, your old en»my Jones ?" "Yes, Hid he wants a title for'it. Wfyit would fousu«rge-»t H " "* a Publisher's Revenge' would be appropriate."—Mail and Express. New Style. Mrs Hicks: "Do you belierp 111 a really and truly Santa Clans ? " l)i=-k Hicks : ' Of | 20'Jrse 1 do, nianimn. (Asid«) I think it is too cruel for children to umli'ceivti thoir I parents ia such matters."—Tni'h [ His Ideal. " n ° y° u ho,d f^t to your ideals?" shel M asked. I wcuM if I liad a chance," ; he answered, softly. " You are mine." The Spur. She: " You mil! have to work hard if you j win her " The J'o.-t : " I'll have to work ' Harder if 1 don t.' UseJess *Vee, 'Icyer. here's a German clock I thought for yer in Keiv York." " Good yrauious, Hiram! how foolish. You know I can't understand a word of German." Truthfulness Pays. ne: " Do you dawnce ? She (who lias been informed that he is a bore) : " No." He: "Neither do J. Lnfs spend the evening just talking to each other."—Life. Had A!! She Needed. He (after a long explanation as to why he loves her) : " Tn view of all this. Miss Marlow—Estelle—I offer you my hand." She: " Thank you, Mr. Borely, but really the two I have are all I need." The Tired Oyster. An oyster said to himself one night, At the start of a banquet spread ' " H<"re I'm at supper with these swell foU?, When I'd rather be home in my hed." —Philadelphia Times. mi,. ^ . Curious - .. Term. l ne magician threw a teacup into the air and it came down in fragments. Th.-n . t,neiv t h ,° figments in the air, and the I cup came down whole. Now why should j every one call him a saucerer ? The Feline's Fate. •J± lts - McTerrigan : " Phwhat's becomp of OLearey's ould yellow tom- cat?" Mr? O Dooley" I duouo; but their daughther . y , 1s sportin' wan o' thim new fashion mink boeys."—Brooklyn Eagle. A Russian Joke. At a country balL "My dear sir, you have just stepped on my partners foot. I demand satisfaction." •• Oh, certainly • yonder sits my wife—go and step on her foot.' —Pclcrburgshaya Gaze.la. No Danger. ' There one thing I dread," remarked Johnson, "and that is a premature burial." " Don't worry that " . -— — a , ^i W :° - about tb . a y : k replied IJrown. " The thing is uupo^ilj],.. there s no danger of your being buried too Two Dialects. Mis Brownstone (at the reception): Let us again converse in French, Count."' Ihe Count: "L zhall be most happy to . comply. Er—shall ve talk in your French or in my French ? "—Chka.jo News. A Lakeside Success. ' I hear you took tbe West by storm " "Well, i r cll I should say ~ so. w"hy" Why, J the first i time I got on a cable-car half the men ollered their seats, the other half tried to pay my fare, the conductor gave me a pass, and the motor-man camc in and proposed' to me. Preparatory Discipline. *' No, I'll not marry. I think I'll become a Sister of Charity." « You don't know what that means." " Don't 1? Haven't I sat up with you every night from eight to one for three months ? " In for !t.. Gamin (on discovering his teacher in % perilous position) : "Hey, Jimmy, wot's de | matter wid yer ? Yer a losin' de chance of ycr lifetime! Here's de teacher wot kep' ns both in yesterday, gone clean through • the ice ! Ain't dis a puddin' ? " . He Hoped Not. ! She : "Oh, yes, mamma and I have much ! the same tastes. Do you think I am like my mother ? " He (an old widower) : " I b»pe not. Your mother rejected me twenty-four years ago." A Domestic Paradox. a queerish thing about our hired girl j cot got UD upyester ^ morn " / and I n wont V ^ away: Though very tightly laced, this kitchen w pearl \-- . , - , . . , s - 1ust tbo l i a d of stay. that wouldn't By the Roadside. First tramp : " I say, pai d, liev ye any money ?" Second tramp: "Nary red. I'm I notbiu' but a blooimn'—wot do ye call it ? —a chrysanthemum." First Tramp: " Wot yer mean ? " Second Tramp: " Hain't got * scent." How He Got There. The tendency of adventures to grow with every repetition is amusingly illustrated by an incident told of a certain socially eminent young man recently returned from his travels. " So our friend B went to the top of Mont Blanc," said one acquaintance of his to another. "Not at all," was the reply. "But he said so," continued the former speaker, somewhat indignantly. "True; but. two months ago, when he 10- turned, he said he had been to the ft ot of Mont litanc. Since then he has gradually lied himself to the top." It Frightened Him. Landlord: "Good morning, sir; hope you enjoyed a good night's rest, sir?" Traveller: " Yes, thanks, pretty fair." Landlord: " Saw nothing of the ghost that is said to appear from time to time in the room yon occupied ? Traveller: " Ah, yes, I did though." Landlord:- "And how did you get rid oE the intruder ? " Traveller : " I offered him a glass of your wine^ when he vanished with a gesture of supreme disgust/' Landlord : " Oh ! Ah! Well, I never ! "—FamiUcn-Wochenblatt. Hard on Watson. Binks: "Didyou hear about Watson's whiskers ? " Jinks : " No ; what was it? " 1 liinks: " Why, they looked so homely ! that all the neighbours signed a petition j asking Watson, as a matter of public policy, to shave them off." Jinks: "W<»11, did be do it- ?" Binks: '' Yes, he did it.." Jinks: "Well, what then?-" Binks: " Why, thc very next day the neighbours signed a petition asking Watson, a-? a matter of public policy, to let thorn t;row again."—SoiaerviLle Journal. The Last Resort. " Is this Mine. Pompom ? " breathlessly inquired a man who had climl cl scvei.-il flights of stairs and been admitted into a darkened parlour. " It leplied the stately personage whom he addressed. "The famous clairvoyant ami forhmoteller?" "Tbe same." "Do you n.-adilie mind?" "With perfect ease." "C;m v>u foretell the future?" "Thc future ii.'i.Is no mysteries that I cannot unrav.-l." "Can you unfold the past?" "The record of all things past is to 1110 an ojx-n book." "Then," said the caller, feverishly, taking from his pocket a. handful of si vur, " I wish you would tell me what it is iliat my wife wanted me to bring home without fail this evening, and name your price. Money is no object!'"—-Ciiuaijo Tribune. Their Duty as Passengers. A certain town in the north of Yotk^hire is credited with an omnibus that carries first, second, and third class passengers. As the seats are all alike, the traveller is mystified, but not for vt-ry long. Midway of the route tbe omnibus stops at the foot of a long, steep hill, and the guard shouts : "First-class passengers, mssoiifers. keep keen your vour seats. Second-class passengers, get out and walk. Third-class passengers, get out aud push." An Addition to the Poets. "Man want* but little here below," So Youusf and G'dd^mith say; But (ovelv Womiu w.iuis it all, Aud waul;? it right away. 