A DANCE WITH DEATH. There had gathered on the deck an oddly sociable group of strangers whom the voyage had united in seem- ing intimacy. Their knowledge of each other had begun on the day of sailing, and would probably end on the day of arrival ; but, in the mean- time, hazard forced upon them a super- ficial friendship, a brief acquaintance between port and port. I was night on the ocean, and per- haps it was the immensity of the round, uncontested province of dark- ness and the monotonous sound of the heavy waves that inspired the minds of the little company with a sense of mystry, and caused their throughts to wander forth into the obscure realm of the supernatural. Someone had just told a ghost story. "I love to have my blood run cold, don't you ?" said a very young girl confidentially to her neighbor ; "it is so nice and creepy to listen to such things." "Oh, they are will enough," he replied ; "but nobody believes them." It is a thankless task telling ghost stories," said the raconteur, laughing ; "one never gets any- thing but scorn and suspicion for one's pains. It is the only kind of literary effort in which imagination is for- bidden. Now I cannot swear that my take is true, but I insist that it is just as good as if it were." "I would never tell a story of that kind unless it were true,: said a pale, dark-eyed girl from the depths of manifold wraps and cushions. "Nor I," said a man, turning with quick interest towards the girl ; " but would you toll it if it were true ?" "Perhaps," she answered, thought- fully. The conversation drifted on, and the man returned to this silent medita- tion, arrarently unconscious that the girl's eyes were regarding him with a longing curiosity. "I might tell you all a story," he said suddenly, waking up from his ab- sorption ; "only I have never told it before, and I am not sure that you will find it interesting. It is true, but, like most true stories, it is only a frag- ment, and there are gaps in it which must be filled by guess-work." "He is an old hand," whispered one of the party. The very young girl declared delight- edly to her boy companion that she was going to make herself believe every word of it, and all settled down to silence. The man pulled his rug up and his cap down, and looking out upon the mighty darkness that sur- rounded the tossing, vibrant ship, began : One evening, towards the end of the London season, I was dressing for dinner in my room at the Metropole. I was somewhat hurried and pre- occupied, but I soon became aware that an animated conversation was going on in the adjoining room. The words did not reach me, but there was something in the voices of the speakers that gave me an uncom- fortable sense of assisting at a painful crisis. "Someone's mauvais quart d'heure," I said to myself lightly, feeling, however, a kind of selfish resentment at the intrusion upon my notice of this small portion of humanity's suffering. The voices of both speakers were young, but formed an odd contrast. The woman's con- tralto was musical and change- ful, while the man's heavy bass was an inflexible, untrained instrument. When he spoke it was in short, abrupt sentences. He seemed to have little to answer to her eager discourse, now gently persuasive, now in a tone of stern menace. Her voice was low, never raised in vulgar emphasis, but it was singularly ex- pressive of her emotions. The first words that came to my ear were his, in a tone of sullen, dogged resistance. "But I tell you it is all over." She answered very calmly and so slowly that I heard even her pretty foreign accent : "You do not mean that. You are a boy. All is not over with a word." What came next I did not hear. She went on more rapidly, from time to time, eliciting from her companion a gruff, determined phrase. After a while the dialogue again became audible ot me : "I wonder you are not afraid of me. You do not even dream of my power. And yet I have told you a hundred times that I am not like you ; I have other sense, other knowledge. I be- long to a nation that lives near to the sun. I know the secret of life ; I can go and I can return. You re too daring ; you had best beware." "Oh, drop all that," he said, with a slightly scornful, but not ill-natured laugh. "It won't work with me. Upon my sould, you are a nice little thing, and I would keep you if I could ; but don't you see——" And his voice sank into an argumentative strain. She made no answer ; but I heard her say, as though speaking to herself : "How id it ever happen that I should fall in love with such a stupid English- man—blunt, dull, blind, deaf. It is inconceivable. Un etre inferieur, and yet—a god." She paced the room with quick steps. The conversation when resumed was carried on in low tones ; for a time I did not distinguish the words. At last the man said, with unmis- takable affection : "Aren't you going to say good-bye to me ?" "Of course, if you wish," she re- plied. "I forgot you do not expect to see me again." As I stepped out into the hall the door next mine opened, and a young man came out. He was between twenty-one and twenty-five years of age, a tall, straight- featured Saxon. He gave a sigh of relief as he closed the door behind him. I have been invited to dinner, and when I arrived at my host's the other men were already assembled. Only one came later than I, it was the handsome young Englishman I had seen in the hotel corridor. Din- ner was served in a large room that opened out with bow-windows on a terrance. The night was warm, and the casements were flung wide to admit the breeze from the cool, dark garden. About two courses had been served, when—— Across the terrace, lighted by the pure rays of the full moon, there passed, with a gliding movement, the figure of a woman, dressed in a robe of gauze, confined about the body by a heavy jewelled girdle. We who sat opposite the windows turned instic- tively to our host for an explanation of the lovely vision, but the face of the man at the end of the table wore an expression of perplexed surprise. Be- fore we had time for comment the figure reappeard. "It is Egypta, the Eastern dancer !" exclaimed someone. Without, on the marble terrace, stood the graceful dancer, light as a butterfly just poised ; within the brilliantly lit room was a startled, be- wildered company. Some of the men had risen from their chairs, some were leaning forward on the table; our host had walked a few paces towards the window. We looked at each other questioningly, and suddenly the true nature of the vision flashed upon us. An indescribable sensation convinced us that the woman on the terrace was not flesh and blood. A few mattered ex- clamations were heard, then there was absolute silence, and the eyes of all were fixed upon the garden with a painful intensity. The dancer stood still but for a minute. Bowing to the pale, attentive group within the room, she commenced to move her limbs and body with a peculiar, sway- ing motion thoroughly Eastern in character. She held in one hand a champagne-glass of Venetian ware, and to drink some liquid from it seemed to be the motif of her dramatic dance. With a quick, trip- ping step she whirled round and round, drinking apparently with the gay- est intoxication. Her gauze skirts flew about her lithe form, the jewels at her waist and on her sandals sparkled, her arms gleamed whitely, and the quickness of her motion blew a con- fusion of dark hair across her face and breast. The climax of the dance was the drinking of the liquid, and, as she raised the glass to her lips, her eyes flashed at us a sudden glance, so direct and significat that several or the men caught their breath and started involuntarily. She threw her head back, and seemed to drain the glass of the last drop. Then, still with graceful, rhythmic movements, she went through an awful pantomime, clutch- ing her throad and swaying to and fro as though convulsed with the death agony. The horrible play lasted only a minute. Changing again abruptly, the dancer threw her- self into a merry whirl, and, with a disdainful mocking fling and a wave of the hand, retreated from the terrace into the shadows of the gar- den. A white figure was still faintly visible, and it seemed to me she beckoned. My limbs were cold and stiff, but, with a kind of clumsy plunge, I stumbled out on to the ter- race and across the grass. The gleam- ing wraith melted away. Before my eyes all was darkness. I thought I heard the words : "All is not over." and though the air came swiftly a champagne-glass. It broke into a thousand pieces as it touched the ground, and the quaintly twisted stem was all that remained. I picked it up and went back to the terrace, where host and guests were all standing with the exception of one man—the young man whom I had seen in the hotel. He was still sitting by the table, leaning back in his chair, his arms hanging beside him, his terrified eyes fixed upon the window. He looked at me as I entered, and with- out any conscious thought or purpose I walked up to him and laid in his hand the bit of glass. "It has gone hard with you," said someone to him, giving him some brandy. We were all terribly shaken. Some lingered by the windows, some walked restlessly about the room Gradually composure returned. We seated ourselves at the table, and the busi- ness of dinner rcommenced, en- livened by a disjointed, nervous conversation. In about a quar- ter of an hour a young cousin of our host dropped in. He had just come from the Imperial Husic-Hall, and could think of nothing but a scene he had witnessed there. "Uncommonly sad," he said, not pausing for greetings ; "by Jove, I feel all broken up. I went down to see Egypt, you know"—at the name the eyes of all present turned quickly to the speaker—"a pretty girl, and, by Jove, a dancer." He poured out some wine and went on, looking at our host : "She brought out a new dance this evening—a champagne dance—whirled around drinking the stuff with all sorts of pretty flings and turns. Set the house just wild ; ap- plause thrundering, you know. She danced again for the encore, and just at the end she was taken with con- vulsions—heart failure, the doctors said. She died. Most shocking thing. By jove, it was sad. So sudden, you know," One of the guests groaned, and rising, staggered from the room. Whether the Eastern woman who loved him tortured him further I do not know. He died within a few weeks. I think it was poison she drank that evening, whirling about in mock gaiety. She was danc- ing consciously a wild dance with Death. She had threatened that she could go and could return, and I believe she knew that after death she would be able to reappear on earth. She was conscious that she possessed the power of making the elements serve the spirit. "And why cannot all possess that power ?" murmured the dark-eyed girl, and throwing her shawl impatiently aside she walked to the edge of the deck and gazed into the black, fathom less water. 