Short Trip from Rome to the Holy Land, in 1803. . (BY BEV. J. SHEREDA.N, P.P.) {Continued.) The Oenaonlum-St. John's House-Hacel dama-Valley of Hinnom-Church of St. Anne-Pool of Bethsaida. My next move is towards the Chamber of , tl& Last Supper or Cenaculum. It is en tirely in the hands of the Mahommedans eince the year 1548. By force of arms they drove out the Franciscans, who were up to that period in possession of the sacred building. The large Church built by them is now turned into a mosque, and is only j partially opened to Christians. My entry j was effected by an exterior staircase of twenty steps. Turning to my left I entered ! a -doorway, and1 tound myself within the very room wherein the last supper took place. This building was never interfered with throughout the various vicissitudes of war from which the city suffered-no, not even in the general destruction of the city by Titus in the year 70. The Cenaculum Btill remains intact, and in the same shape and dimensions as it was 2000 years ago. ! There were some few savage-looking Mahom medans in possesion, whose attitude to wards us was anything but inviting or agreeable. I was really in terror during the few moments we remained. As soon as we got out, " These are very rough look ing fellows," said my guide, who evidently KB'well as myself must have been mere or leBS scared by their sinister movements and threatening looks. I was really glad when we sot safe to the foot of the stairs, and I must confess that X had something more to think of whilBt Burrounded by those Turkish savages than meditating on the great events that once immortalised that hallowed chamber. For here it was that first of all King David kept for three months the Ark of the Covenant, when re moved from the house of Obedadom. Here is that furnished dining-room mentioned in the twenty-second chapter of St. -puke, where: the disciples prepared the rascn. Here it was that our Lord, sitting at supper with the' twelve disciples, addressed these words to them, " With desire I have de sired to eat this Pasch with you before I suffer, for from this time I will not eat it until it be fulfilled in the Kingdom of God. Here it was that taking the chalice of wine He gave thanks and said, " Take and di vide it among you, for I will not drink of the fruit of the vine until the Kingdom of God come."' Here it waB that He took bread, broke it, and gave it to them, saying, «. THIS is MY BODY which is given for, you. In like manner, the Chalice, saying, " THIS JS THE CHALICE, THE NEW TESTAMENT IN MY BLOOD;'"WHICH SHALL BE SHED FOB YOU. Here, then, we have the institution of the Sacrament of the Eucharist and celebra tion of the first mass. Here, in this room, Christ appeared to his disoipleB on tho day of His resurrection and gave thempower to foreive sins. Here He washed His disiff feet. Here He foretold the treachery of Judas, saying ''One who dipped his hand in the same dish with him wofid betray Him." Here the paschal lamb was eaten by . Our Lord and His Apostles, with the usual ceremonies, as travellers prepared for a long journey. Here He. appeared on the octave of Easter, when the doors were closed, and aBked the incredulous Thomas to feel His wounds and believe. Here He appeared for the last time to His Apostles before His ascension. Here, after tho ascension, the Apostles returned and remained in prayer, awaiting the descent of the Holy Ghost. Here Matthias was elected by ballot to fill the vacancy caused by fck0 flefe^lon Jndas Here, on the tenth day after the ascension, the Holy Spirit came down upon the Apostles as parted tongues offire.as we read in the second chapter of the Acts of the Apostles : % 1\. And when the days of Pentecost were ; accomplished, they were all together \- . in one place. , . 2\. Suddenly there came a sound from Heavon, as of a mighty wind coming, 'and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. ,, , , 8\. And there came to -them parted tongues, as it were of fire, and it Bat upon every one of them. 4, And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to apeak . with divers tongues, according as the ?Holy Ghost had given them to speak. Here it was that St. James the less was consecrated first bishop Qf Jeruaalem- Here St Peter held the first and second General Ooonoils of the Church. From this room Peter went forth on the day ;ost' and by his sermon on the crucified Gallilean, was the means of converting no less than 8000 of those who rejected Him and took even a prominent part in putting Him to death." From this room the Apostles separated and went forth to preachtke new Gospel to all nations, and fhfolly, according to the traditions of the East, it was here St. John celebrated hisi first mass in the presence of the Blessed Virgin after the ascension of our Divine Lord. This chamber is 45 feet by 29 feet and has three windows. . Having ascended a flight of eight steps I entered a room which is directly over Kins David's and Solomons tombs. But no'Christian is permitted by the Turks to see them. : . When I returned to the Cenaculum I. could see a staircase leading down to the ground floor, where the washing of the Enlea' feet took place. This chamber is tenanted by a dirty crowd of Mahommedan women, but is closed to Christians. It is T Sir those Mahommedana are not wiped clean off the face of the earth. a short distance from this memorable * mil old ruins and piles of masonry, seventy-two, which, according to our reckoning, ^yas probably in the year of Our Lord 58. Leaving these hallowed precincts I went out through the gates*of Zion, followed a track^ leading down towards Kediron, and, crossing Solomon's aquaduct, I continued my journey through cultivated paddocks until I arrived at the "Grotto of St. Peter's Repentance," from which I took a small stone all the way to Penrith. To this cave the unfaithful Peter retired, after having repeatedly denied Our Lord,., as we read in the twenty-second chapter of St. Luke CI. And the Lord, turning, looked at Peter, remembered the .word of the Lord, how he had said, " Before the cock crow thou Bhalt deny me thrice." 62\. And Peter went out and wept bitterly. The place where Judas hanged himself is pointed out, and the Haceldama, or field of blood, which was purchased for the thirty pieces of silver received by the traitor for our Lord's betrayal, is now a burial ground. I had no inclination or desire whatever to go inside and see what was to be seen. The view from the distance was quite sufficient for me. It. is rocky and barren, desolate and dreary, without a shrub or blade of grass to refresh the eye. The 27th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel tells us that Judas, casting down the pieces of silver in the temple, departed and hanged himself with a halter. But the chief priests, having taken the pieces of silver, said, " It is not lawful to put them into the Corbona, because it is the price of blood." Having consulted together, they' bought with them the potter's field to be a burying place for strangers. Wherefore that field was called Haceldama-rrthat is, the field of ?blood-even to this day. Immediately beneath this cemetery is the Valley of Topeth, or Hinnom., Here Solomon built a High place for Moloch, as we read in the eleventh chapter and Beventh verse of the third Book of Kings. Here, in this con demned valley or deep gorge,- surrounded with steep and rocky sides, Ahaz and Manasse made their children pass through the fire, " according to the abomination 'of the heathen." Here, in the portion of it called Topeth, the hideous practice of infant sacrifice to the gods was carried on to an alarming extent. In the seventh chapter and thirty-first verse of Jeremiah .we read " that they built the High places of Topeth, wrhich is in the Valley of Hinnom, to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire which I commanded not nor thought on in my heart." When King Josiah came | forth as the restorer of the old and pure j national faith' he defiled the Valley of [ Hinnom by covering it with human bones, I and after this it appears to have become the common cesspool of the city, through which all the sewage flowed on its way to Brook Kedron. Being the receptacle of all the solid filth and offal, it became a huge nest of: insects, whose larv«e fattened on the corruption. Fires were also.kept constantly burning to consume the bodies of criminals, the carcaBes of animals/and whatever dried offal might be combustible. Hence, in later ages, this horrible valley was regarded by the Jews as the symbol of hell and torments. Of all this frightful history scarcely a trace remains visible now. It appears much the same as any similar ravine or gully to be so often seen among the hills and moun tains of our own dear Australia. Leaving behind me this valley of un hallowed memories, I paid a visit to the Ohurch of St. Anne. It stands on the site of the dwelling-house of Anne and Joachim, parents of the Blessed Virgin. It measures 110\. feet in length by 58 iii width. An altar in the crypt, far away .underground, is said' to mark the birthplace of Mary. William of Tyre, who appears to have been a pretty good authority, expressly states | that this cave was the residence of Joachim and Anne, and that here the immaculate conception and birth of the Blessed Virgin took place. But no one can be absolutely certain about the latter, as there is nothing more than a tradition to support it, and consequently we are free to believe it, according as our own devotion and reverence .may prompt us. The Ohurch is served by a chapter of French Fathers from the African missions introduced by the late Cardinal Lavigerie. Outside, on the grounds, is a beautiful marble monument to the memory of St. Joachim. In the vaults beneath the building I was shown the tomb of St. Anne, in the midBt of many other historical monu ments I really forgot to take a note of. Passing through an arched gateway, where several stonecutters were at work, I found myself on the brink of the famous pond or pool of Bethsaida, with its five porches. St. Johh tells us, in the fifth chapter, " that a multitude of sick, lame, blind and withered lay here waiting lor the moving of the waters. At intervals - an angel descended, and the first who went in after he moved the waters was made whole from his infirmity. There was a certain man there who had been ailing for 88 years. When Jesus saw him he said, . Wilt thou be made whole ?' Ah, Sir,' he said, 'I have no one when the water is troubled to put me into the pond, for whilst I am coming another goeth down before me.' ' Arise,' said Jesus ; .' take up thy bed and walk.' The man was cured, took up his bed, and went his way." Here, stand ing on the water's edge, I could not help thinking of the many repeated miracles that-have, immortalised this favored spot the descent of the angel at certain intervals, the motion of the waters, the immediate cure of the afflicted, and the crowds of blind, lame, and diseased that squatted on the very ground on r which I stood.- Is it any wonder that I took with me a bottle of the water, hoping it might cure some of the spiritual, if not the corporal ills of the afflicted-souls of Penrith ? (To be Continued.) 