Political Points. ? .». Sir Henry Parkea hat up to the prosent made no sign. Hie opponent at St. Leonardo, Sir. Clarke, ia holding meetings and pushing bia way. Mr. Batter worth, who oamo up to sound the ground in Macqnarif, has given up hupos and gone back to Sydney. He nave that, as one elootor told him, ' there wasn't the possible ghost of a shadow of a ahovr.', Mr. Tonkin hat announced hinuelf as seeking re-election for that constituency, and Mr. W. H. Paul is detertninod to ran. Between the two Freetraders' and the Labor candidate, who also supported the Governm' nt policy, the Protectionist oandi date will have a aafe and easy ran. UnloRH things alter the Macqusrie seat will be limply given away. Where all are pay- try-bols who is to ataud aside P The struggle in West Macqnarie promisee to be ounfinnd to Mr. Oriok aud Mr. Hurley, who are both orating in the differeut polling centres. No Protectionist candidate has yet been announced for Bathurst; but a meeting of the loaal League is to ba held to-night. The local ' orgin ' grinds out a dirge this morning over Mr. Suttor's defeotion. It mildly remonstrates with him for not facing Mr. Smith single-handed, amd 'revives the exploded Walker- interferenoft exouse. The same sheet contains an announcement that Mr. Suttor has decided to ran for Illswarra. He was chosen for Fitsroy Division first by the Sydney Proteotion Committee, bat finding1 the ground too warm he sounded Inverell. He has atill opportunity of changing and Bathnrst may jet see him running to lose. Mr. Smith addressei the electors to-morrow uight. Mr. F. B. Kenny, solicitor, is, we believe, being approached by the Protectionists with a view of opposing Mr. Smith for Bathurst. The electors should know after to-night's meeting whether any one is bold enough to tackle the job. Mr. Crick had a splendid meeting at the Lagoon last night. It was the largest of its kind that has been known in the place. At a- meeting of the Randwiok branch of tbe Political Labor League it was resolved that ' Inasmuch an the Reid Government is on the lines of tho Labor platform, this league will not pat forward a candidate, fearing a split in the votes to tho advantage of the enemy.' ?'.'?? Mr. Wise told the Flinders electors on Monday night that be. demanded of them their complete approval of all he had done 1 They laaghed at him. Exactly 12 months ago, in the same plaoe, they cheered him to the echo. It was I,' says Mr. Wise, ' who pro posed Mr. Reid for the position he now ocoupies.' ' JLad then tried your best to upset him,' interrupted a FJindera voter. 'He haa been the light of the House,' said Mr. Wiso'a chairman. ' We will soon pat him oat!' replied one of the andienee amid cheers. 