PRICE MEMORIAL HALL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. On Oct. 4 afternoon the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Frice Memorial Hall took place under very happy auspices, the weather being bright and springlike. Tne hall is situated in Tamar-street, to the south (of and adjoin ing the Congregational Church. When completed it will serve the purpose of a place for worship for a time until the prosperity permit s of a new church being erected. As the name indicates, the build xug is uo uu rmseu in memory or tne late Bev. Charles Price, whose phenomenal pastorate of 56 years had placed' him high in the respect and love of his flock. The edifice will be substantial, and will be a decided acquisition to the street. The measurements of the main hall are 67ft x 36ft and 26ft high to the centre of the ceiling. The walls, to be built on cement concrete foundations, will be 14ft. The style of architecture is Queen . Anne American, and the facade will be of red brick, with cement dreFBings. The en trance to the main hall will be from Tamar street, and there will be au inside porch 14ft x 6ft leading into aisles 4ft wide on each Bide. There will be a fall of lft 6in towards the platform. The hall will be 36ft x lift, and at the rear of the platform there will be a classroom 20ft x 12ft and vestry 14ft x 12ft. Tasmanian timber will be used for the internal fittings, polished blackwood being of course extensively used with othera that will form a nice contrast. The two front and four of the windows on each side will be fitted up with cathedral glass. The contractors have already made considerable progress with the structure. : There was a fair attendance to witness the ceremony. A temporary platform had been erected at the building, upon which were seated the Bevs. George Clarke, of Hobart; (who laid the stone), J. G. Wright (the present pastor of tho church), Handel Jones, W. Law, and J. W. Simmons, of Hobart, and a number of ladies. After a hymn had been sung the Bev. Handel Jones read a portion of scripture and Bev. W. Law offered up prayer,'. : The Bev. J. G. Wright then read the following statement, which he said would be enclosed in a botble to be placed under the foundation stone :— This hall is erected for the glory of God, and called . the ' Price Memorial,' ex pressive of thalongr, useful labours of the late Bev. Charles Price, who for 56 years was the faithful pastor of the first In dependent Church in Launceston. The work was carried out by Messrs D.M'Ewan and Sons, the successful tenderers, the contract being £811. The seats were made b/MesBrs H. T. Russell and Son for the Bum of £102 10b. The total cost of the building, which is of the Queen Anii Amerioan style, is estimated at £1000, and was designed by Mr A. E. Luttrell, archi tect ,(of St. John-street, Launceston, who is supervising the work. Twenty -four of the friends and members of Tamar- atreet church have eaoh guaranteed a £50 Build ing Society share, which will mature in 15 years, thus providing for the extinction of the debt when that period) elapses. Many other friends have liberally contributed towards 'the erection of the building, a lady friend heading the list with £50. May the blessing oCi God the Father, God the Son* and God the Holy Ghost, which maketh rich and addeth no Borrow, richly descend on the united Jabonr now consecrated to the glory of God. John Gbo. Weight, Oct. 4, 1895. Pastor. A hymn was then sungr, and the Bev. Geo. Clarke whom Mr Wright introduced as the chairman of the Tasmanian Congre gational Union, and one of the oldest, if,, not the oldest friend of the late Bev. Chas. Price— proceeded to lay the stone. A very ? . handsome silver trowel was presented to the rev. gentlemen bearing an inscription setting forth the particulars of the occasion . Underneath the stone had been placed the statement read by Mr Wright, a copy of the Lawnceston Examiner and Daily Tele graph of yesterday's date, and the silver coins of the realm. 