THE BOURKE WEIR. A STRONG INDICTMENT., Dbab Wobkbb, — ' , ' Since the time Governments were first in vented for the ostensible purpose of guarding the rights of the governed, has there ever existed one that had — honestly had — the welfare of the govt rned at heart, or that ever yielded more than just enough to retain office? When, the Reid Government sailed into power on a wave of popular feeling, propelled by the wind caught from the sails of the Labor Party, I thonght, like many more, that at last we had a man above customs and precedents that would go bravely at his work of reform and attack evil wherever he found it, not waiting i or the pressure of popular opinion, which was the only force that could squeeze anything beneficial to the people from his predecessors. But the results have proved, as far *as I am concerned, that confidence was misplaced, and the present Government, like their predecessors, are mere time-servers. The evidence before my eyes has not only confirmed my loss of con fidence, but has destroyed my faith forever in those cunning political navigators who watch the turn of popular opinion and tack to the wind. I know full well it is impossible in one session to wipe put the accumulated wrongs of years, even if the' Premier was as honest as Solon or as wise as Solomon. Nevertheless, when I see him and his Government countenancing as gross and high-handed a piece of tyranny as ever was in vented for pauperizing a people, in my opiuion they stand condemned. The tyranny I refer to is the manner in which they are sending men through the Labor Bureau to the Bourke weir, while droves of men are on the ground who could not get a show. , What is it done for if not to force labor down to starvation point ? It is an injustice to. the, men of the distriot, who are compelled to stand aside while there is work to be done, and who are knocked off to make room for the Bureau men when an odd one get& a show. But it is a greater injustice still to the men wno are sent up, tor nme-tentns of them are not capable of doing the work and are sacked as soon as their train-fare is earned, to tramp back to Sydney or join the horde of hopeless ana helpless wanderers who roam the bush from week to week and year to year like restless ghosts, wonder ing why they were put upon the earth by a benefi cent . Creator when the earth seemingly has no use for them. They come up under misrepre sentation, but the poor devils have not the courage to demand their rights ; and, if they had, they know too well what the show of an ipdependent spirit means on a job like this, 'where nothing but the most servile and submissive demeanor is tolerated. They are told at the Bureau that their wages are to be 6s. 6d. a day, and that employment is ready for them as soon as they arrive on the ground ; but they receive but 6s., and are frequently compelled to wait ten days before they get a start. This is the kind of work the Government that we clamored and shouted for are lending them selves to. If it was not for the good-nature of the boardinghouse-keepers, who reoeive no security from the contractors, and who have been victimised scores of times— for the navvy's lack of principle in that respect is notorious— they would starve., But they say they will take in no more, and if Kerle and Kerle want them to stand on the banks as a menace to the others, they must feed themselves; A young fellow started yesterday and only lasted two hours. Many clear out as soon as they see the work, and no wonder, for it is enough to strike dismay into stouter hearts than those who are starved in the soup-kitchens and perished in the Domain of Sydney. Think of those unfortunate victims of this pernicious system on the concrete board, shovel ling twenty shovelsful a minute in the sweltering . sun, with the heat oyer 90deg. in the shade, and a, burly, bullying ganger over them who would have been a prize as overseer on a Southern plantation before the emancipation of the negro. , Who are responsible for the fares of those who decamp without paying them? Not the con tractors, I am sure. And why not make them responsible? As they receive the benefits of the cheap labor which the presence of these crowds of men give them, it is only just to make them pay for it. Why should the people of the coun try be compelled to pay for a thing that iB de- : moralizing and pauperizing large numbers of their members. , There is a Government inspector on the ground. If that is necessary, why not put a Government superintendent and Govern ment bosses on, and pay a fair minimum wage ? Would not this be more economical, and strike a death-blow to this accursed sweating system ? But the Government only, promised certain re forms, and it is not usual to give more, however expedient it may be to give less.- I am told by a local leader that this matter was brought up in the House, but I have not heard of it. . How ever, let it be brought forward again and yet again until the evil be abolished. — Yours, &c.;, J. M. Bourke. . P.S. — Some of the men here are stone-breaking at 2s. a yard, and this sub-letting is contrary to specifications. J. M. [If ! tke facts are as stated by our correspon dent; the matter ought to be taken up ; very earnestly by the Labor members.— Ed. W.~] London is ; represented by fifty members of Parliament. ItB population is about 5,000,000, of whom 482,047 are registered voters. At the last election 147,294 voters abstained, so that out of a: population of 5,000,000 fewer tJian half a bullion ^of ptetiple 1 haVe ^e^mfe'd fifty. iaiettibe'riB, ' mb'stty Tdryr-' ? ? 