General News. Subscribers' Accounts.—According to our usual practice, we are posting accounts to all subscribers who are twelve months or over in arrear. To those of our sub scribers who pay punctually it will be a convenience to know how their accounts stand, and no further reminder will, we are sure, be required. To those readers of The Southern Cross (we can hardly call them subscribers till they pay. up) who allow their accounts to run on from year to year, we must urgently appeal to for ward the amounts due as early as possible. They should consider that the expense of producing a newspaper amounts to a large sum weekly; and that printers cannot wait two or three years for their wages. We are averse to taking extreme steps, except as a last resource, but those who take the paper from year to year without paying for it are not acting fair nor honestly, and if they persist in this course must be compelled to pay their lawful debts. Father Peters, S.J.—We regret to learn that Father Peters has been ill for some days', and is under the doctor's care. University Musical Examinations.— We are glad to notice that the Dominican Nuns have been as successful at the above examinations in the practice as well as the theory of music. The following is the pass list:—Senior—Second class, Adelaide Beck. Junior—First class, Mary Deeney, Florence Louise Hogarth ; second, Isabella Jane Crawford, Mary Agnes Turner. The Sisters of Mercy also passed a pupil, Henrietta Clare Erson, in the junior list. Distinguished German Catholics.— Germany is a Protestant power, but the country cannot get along without the co operation of Catholic statesmen.. The Chancellor of Germany is a Catholic;, the President of the Reichstag is a Catholic ; the President of the Buhdesrath is a Catholic ; the ranking general of Berlin is a Catholic ; aud the Minister of Justice of' Prussia is a Catholic, Not a bed evi dence - that the Fatherland has confidence in the ability aadintegrityof Catholic leaders. St. Patrick's Literary Society. The schoolroom at West Terrace, where the literary society is accustomed to meet, has been lately repaired and renovated by direction of the Archbishop, and St. Patrick's Society has to bear its share of the cost which iB considerable. Accor dingly a concert was arranged, and it took place on Tuesday evening, December 3. The schoolroom was crowded. There were among those present Very Rev. Archpriest Nevin, Rev. Fathers Hurley (President), Martin, Cosgrave and Murphy. Miss Mahony played the over ^"re> " March Hongroise," in good style. Mr. F. R Field sang "The deathless army, and Miss L. Moloney "My dearest heart," both songs taking very well " A letter from home," recited by Mr. P J. Morrissey, was up to his best ¥/• , Y" Denny followed with the old brigade," which he sang well. A humorous lecturette on "Babies," by iJacobs> was well received. Mr. V.J. Siebertsang " Trinity Church " in a humorous vein. The second part opened with an overture, "La Reine Blanche, ' played by Misses Bermingham and F. Dowdy in a very tasteful manner. Mr. F. R. Field sang "The mighty deep," which suited his voice admirably. " The cat came back," sang by Mr. L. M. Jacobs, brought down the house so quaintly was it given. The programme concluded with a farce, "Borrowed plumes," which was admirably sustained by Misses S. and C. Morrissey, and Messrs. M. J., P. J., and J. A. Morrissey. Municipal Elections. — These elec tions, which took place on Monday, December 2, excited very little attention this year. Mr. Tucker was elected un opposed as mayor of the city. For alder men—A. W. Ware, late councillor for Gawler Ward, and C. Wells, who has served as councillor for Grey Ward, were elected; the other candidates were F. Johnson, previously councillor for Gawler Ward, and W. Buik, retiring alderman. For councillors the successful contestants were—Hind marsh Ward, J. LeM. F. Roberts; Gawler Ward, J. Wedlock. Mr. J. C Healy, of Hindley Street, was also a candidate for this position, and gained second place. Considering this was Mr. Healy's first attempt for munici pal honors, he polled fairly well. Young Ward J. Z. Sellar; Macdonnell Ward, N. E. Brice. A. Myers and F. Downs were elected unopposed for Grey and Robe Wards respectively. The following is a list of successful candidates in the suburban corporations Kensington and Norwood.—Mr. Threlfall was elected mayor unopposed. Councillors - West Norwood Ward, W. H. Mattingly; Kent Ward, W. H. Watson; Kensington Ward, Geo. Bankel; East Norwood Ward, W. H. Story. Auditor, G. Searcy. Unley Corporation.—Mr. T. C. Holland was re-elected as mayor, after a close contest with Mr. W. Dring Councillors—Unley Ward, B. J. Jones; Parkside Ward, Max Andresen ; Fullar ton Ward, W. Neville; Goodwood Ward E. Tweeddale. Auditor, G R. Bradley. St. Peters Corporation.--Mayor, John Wyles. Councillors—Stepney Ward, H. A. Hames; Maylands Ward, ' P. Hutchinson. Port Adelaide Corporation. —Mayor, C. R. Morris. Councillors— West Ward, W. F. Deslandes; Portland Ward, Joseph Hains. Auditor, J. F. Donnell. Hindmarsh Corporation. Mayor, B. Gould; Councillors—Hind - marsh Ward, J. F. King; Bowden Ward F. J. Hourigan; Brompton Ward, g'. Wright. Auditor, J. James. Glenelg Corporation.—Mayor, Geo. K. Soward ; Councillor—St. Leonards Ward, H. V. Moyle. Semaphore Corporation—Mayor, Thomas Todd, Junr. Councillors ClairviHe Ward, Wm. Biglands; Glan ville Ward, P. D. Bertram Auditor, C. E. Bartleet. Brighton Corporation.— Mayor, William Vincent. Councillors North Ward, J. E. Thomas. Thebarton Corporation. — Mayor, Wm. Weber. Councillors—Strangways Ward, A. W. Moore; Jervois Ward, E. A. Bovce. Auditor, J. T. Turner. ®T- Ignatius' Literary Society.— The weekly meeting of this society was held in the schoolroom, Bridge Street, Kensington, on Tuesday evening last, when there was a large attendance of members and visitors present, including the Hons. Gregor McGregor and W. A. Robinson, M.L.C's. The president (Mr. F. F. Wholohan) occupied the 'chair. The programme should have taken the form of a' debate with the Norwood Literary Society, but owing to the debaters of the Norwood Society failing to put in an appearance it fell through, and an impromptu programme was presented, to which the following members and visi tors contributed items:—Recitations by Hon. G. McGregor, Messrs. E. A. Anstey, M. McCabe and G. O. Bridgwood; songs by Miss Jagoe, Rev. T. O'Brien, and Mr. J. F. Chipper; extempore speeches Hon. W. A. Robinson, and Mr. J. p' Crowley, who spoke on " Culture," after which the president addressed the meet ing, aiid on behalf of the society thanked nie visitors for their, presence, and hoped that it would not be long before they might again favor the members with their presence. . A Tjtrbbat. Education.—Archbishop Ireland says :—" It is the educated mind that in all ages has advanced humanity, lifted it above sordid aims, brought to it pure, and ennobling enjoyment, prompted its highest ambitions by holding before it grand ideals, elevated and civilized it. The life of humanity is not material breflid; the gloiy .of humanity is. not stones wrought into palatial forms, nor military conquests. Its life and its glory -are ideas—scintillations from the throne of the Infinite, which are caught up by elevated minds and diffused by them among the masses of men. It is not to be expected that the masses-will receive a liberal education, but in a hundred ways they enjoy blessings which come from a liberal education in the few. An objec tion may be made that this liberal edu cation in the few creates an aristocracy, which, in this land of equal rights and equal freedom, should not be desired or -encouraged. Be it so; whatever her democracy of political institutions and -social conditions, America and all man hind will ever gladly bow in obeisance to this double sovereignity—the aristocracy •of mind and the aristocracy of heart—to learning and virtue." St. Francis Xavier's Literary So ciety.—On Thursday evening, [November 28, the members and friends of the above society assembled in St. Francis Xavier's Hall to celebrate the second anniversary of the society. The following musical programme was successfully carried out: —Overture, Miss M. Young; songs, " Whisper and I shall hear," Mrs. Geach, "The holy city," Miss K. Donohue; "The island of dreams," and "The anchor's weighed," Mr. E. J. Hogan; "Sweet Marie," Mr. J. P. Doheny. Mr. W, Pritehard recited " The death of Marruion." Misses M. Young and F. Toleman acted as accompanists. Cards, ludo, and several parlor games were played. After refreshments were par taken of the vice-president (Mr. H. Cronin) proposed a vote of thanks to the performers and visitors, which terminated a very enjoyable evening.. St. Ignatius' Guild, Norwood.—The usual fortnightly meeting of the above society was held in the schoolroom on Monday evening last. The president (Mr. Cantwell) occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of members and friends. The programme, which was set down as a musical and dramatic •evening, was carried out in a praiseworthy manner. The items that were given were •creditably rendered, and showed great taste on the part of the performers. Overture, Miss Sugg ; recitation, "Curfew must not ring to-night," Miss Dibble; song, " Between love and duty," Mr. Walsh ; reading, " Cardinal Manning on ■temperance," Mr. Bengtell; solo, " Absence makes the heart grow fonder," Miss Madigan ; Irish jig, Mr. Melville ; •song, comic, Mr. Murphy; reading, "Effect of alcohol on the brain," Mr. ■Chipper ; song, " By the sad sea waves," Mr. Philips ; solo, Miss Dibble. The programme concluded with 'the ghost scene from " Hamlet," the following gentlemen taking part:—Messrs. Cullen, Crowley, Chipper, and Bridgwood. The Rev. Father O'Brien, S. J., addressed the meeting on the cause, and several new members were enrolled. A Political Prisoner Elected Sheriff of Limerick.—Mr. John Daly, who is in prison for alleged complicity in -dynamite plots on the evidence of Govern ment spies, and who was recently re turned as the representative of Limerick City to the House of Commons, but who was declared incapable of being •elected or returned to a seat in Parlia ment, has now been elected High Sheriff •of Limerick. The election is subject to the approval of Earl Cadogan, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. Catholic Book Depot, Freeman Street.—Mrs. Ryan announces in our .advertising columns that she is fully •equipped for the season's business in all lines. The Catholic Book Depot, Free man Street, has steadily gained a reputa tion for up-to-date literature, Catholic end secular, and the 'Catholic public should not be slow in showing their appreciation of the careful and painstak ing way in which Mra. Ryan caters for their wants. By selecting gifts from the Catholic Book Depdt, Catholics are not only well satisfied but they also assist in the laudable Work of imparting a more religious character to the celebration of •Christmas. Irish Creameries.—The blue riband of the annual show of the British Dairy Farmers' Association has been won by the limerick Junction Creamery. In these ;days, when the question of improvement in-our butter industry is vital, it is satis fatory to see that the best Irish butter is •the beBt in the market, We have , the standard amongst us at all events. Our farmers have but to try to reach the best -work done in Ireland to succeed in the Contest with the foreigner. Irishmen in -the Cuban Army.—Ah expedition consisting of 250 picked men with 2;600 rifles■_ and a large quantity of ahimunitibn has succeeded in leaving a Umted fitates port bound for Cuba/to assist the CubaninsutgentSi Among the officers. is Captain GabirielO'Farrell, who has already seen service in the French Army. r,:-'■ - ■■■ 