NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") Wheii Conservatism was defeated in the Legislative Assembly, it entrenched Itself In the Legislative Council; and now that the constitutional scaling ladders arc being run up against the sides of that ancient fortress, there are signs of an Intention to fall baclc upon Downing-street. It is ad mitted by the Council's spokesmen that re sistance to the Government fiscal policy is now hopeless here, and the fight will pro bably be abandoned; but tho constitutional reform question Is looked at In a different light. There is not the ghost of a reason why It should bo. If tho electors had not tho right to alter the Constitution, they Would not have tho right to alter the tariff, and the Council might as well brazen tho Whole thing out and refuse to budge an Inch. It happens, however, that while the steam roller of public opinion was going over the politician carcaso of conservatism In this colony, and flattening it out in Eng land, tho very reverse took placo in tho shape of a strong Tory reaction. In view of this fact, the London "Times" openly eggs on the Council to treat tho verdict of tho people with contumacy. Mr. Chamber lain, Secretary of Stato for tho Colonies, is said to be a man who will not seo "the pro pertied classes" interfered with, and for that reason he may be relied upon to back up our nominee House in resisting "popu lar clamor." No doubt, as an ex-Radical Mr. Chamberlain may bo expected to show a superior contempt for "popular clamor," and to prove more intolerant of tho people than any of hts aristocratic associates, who Inherit their conservatism like they inherit their gout. To tho parvenu torylsm of tho glorified Birmingham bolt- maker, tho broken-up protectionist party ot Now South "Wales is therefore told to look with new hope, "The Times" dis tinctly threatens the people of this colony with Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, who is repre sented as ready to step In on behalf of the Imperial Government and protect the pri vileges of "the New South Wales proper tied classes" by keeping tho hands of the democracy off the Upper House. And "tho propertied classes" aforesaid appear to be plucking up fresh courage on tho strength of It. But' it is not only tho members of our Legislative Council who aro expecting great things from tho triumph of tho British Conservatives. On the authority of the London "Times" again, we have it that the event has given as much joy to tho Mikado of Japan as to elthor Mr. John Davies or Mr. Jacob. Japan, It appears, delayed the completion of a commercial treaty with China until after the English elections, so that it might know tho strength of its hand before commencing to deal. Now that the red ochre party havo won, it reckons that tt can count upon English support ogatnst Russia, and consequently begins to talk in a little bit louder tone. As far as tho Jap is concerned, the hopes founded upon the Liberal defeat in England may be to some oxtent justified. The Conserva tives are the fire-eating party, and while they are in power the danger of a rupture with Russia is always at its worst. But it Is hardly likely that they would go out of the way to stifle representative government in this colony, by forbidding a reform of the Constitution upon popular lines. There is no Imperial interest involved, and for Downing-street to politically champion any class in New South Wales, aB suggested by "Tho Times," would raise a serious ques tion affecting tho rights of self-government throughout tho whole of tho British depen dencies. Mr. Chamberlain's sympathy for the Australian "propertied classes," and his contempt for "popular clamor," may be all that "Tho Times" appears to believe, but that it would carry him so far as to embroil England with the whole of her colonies is another matter. On the whole, therefore, whatever the Mikado may decide to do on tho strength of the Conservative victory in England, the prudent course for John Davies and his clique would bo to not calculate upon getting much help from it. The Conservatives might like to oblige him well enough by politically squelching tho peoplo of this colony, but thero would bo too much inconvenience attaching to It to mako It worth their while. The defeat of Sir George Dlbbs at Tam- worth affords a fine opportunity for his followers to show the kind of stuff that thoir loyalty is made of. Had the same thing happened to Mr. Reid, he would have had a dozen scats offered to him. At any rate, a dozen candidates who were not sure of being elected were ready to tender the seats which they might not get to tho Premier, who was quite certain to win one for himself, and thereby have no necessity to oloso with the bargain. But this is a different case. Several devoted protection ists havo soats actually In their possession, whiio their leader 13 without ono. They don't all spoalt at onco, however, in reply to the question of which one shall resign in his favor. Each seems anxious to give tho other fellow a chance of distinguishing himself. In the meantime, the protectionist leader remains outside, anil finds himself under the painful necessity of having to pay his railway fare, while Mr. Atkin son Price may still coelc his head jauntily at the ticlcet-collector, aud point to tho gold pass hanging from his watch-chain. But, after all, why should tho Opposition sacrifice one of their number for tho pur pose of bringing Sir George Dlbbs back to Parliament. I could easily enough under stand tho Government sacrificing half a dozen. President Paul ICrugor, of tho Transvaal Republic, is highly incensed at receiving a telegram from tho Secretary of State for the Colonies congratulating him upon the opening of a railway. "Unclo Paul" takes it as a slight to his democratic dignity that tho message was not sent to him direct by tho Queen. Ho objects to be spoken to by a mere representative of the people, and protests that tho conduct of Her Majesty in communicating with "a Sovereign" like himself through tho medium of an under strapper is decidedly "uppish." For really abject snobbery and title worship you must go to a republic. Queensland professes to be tho most democratic colony in Australia, yot it one time threatened to cut the paint er because "to punish It" for cortain acts displeasing to the Imperial authorities they threatened to send out as Governor a man who began life in tho linen drapery line. An able mun ho was, too, but tho demo crats of Queensland did not want ability In thoir Governor; tboy wanted gentility, and to humor them, an aristocrat of the ap proved brand was substituted for tho awful draper man with whom local society had been threatened. This is the human weak ness which always keeps In the mouth of aristocracy a jibo at tho pretensions of the political reformer. President Paul ICrugor, frothing and fuming because Queen Vic toria did not personally congratulate him in his tin-pot republic, belongs to a type of snob that Is universal, but which you will always find most accentuated where demo cracy is most assertive. And as long as tile wife of the back-block poundkeepor snubs tho wife of the local policeman, on tho strength of having taken tea with the wife of the local postmaster, tho social difference between a republic and a monarchy will never be worth talking about. "It was the weather," says Mr. Copeland, which accounted Cor his defeat at Armidalo, and tho failure of protectionist candidates generally Is attributed to the same cause. Their supporters were snowed up, and could not get to the poll. The weak point about this theory is that it does not ex plain how tho poll was reached by freotrade voters. The snow is like the rain, inas much as that it fiuls upon the just as well as on the unjust. It is fair to assume, therefore, that it fails alike upon freetra ders and pro'eelion'sts. And we have not heard of any miraclo having been invoked on election day to secure the return of tho Government candidates. Tho snow, as far as appears, came down Just in tho natural way, and paid no respect to political opi nions. Hence it was as fair for ono side us the other, and Mr. Copeland's explanation won't stand. Tne real reason why ho did not get in Is that too many people voted for tho other man. And they did not veto bo- cause of tho bad weather, but in spits of it 