MRS. TREGASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By MRS, CAMPBELL PRAED, Authoress of "An Australian. Heroine,* "Policy and Passion/' "Nadine," "Miss Jacobsen's Chance," "Arina," "The Romance of a Station," conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) "The Right Honorable," "The Ladies' Gallery,." &c-;, &c.; {[Published by special arrangement with the^Mthor. All rights reserved.] ' • v Chapter III.—[Continued.) Clare stiffened just a little as be put his arm round her and drew her closer to him in their joint gaze at their child. The harsh, Virile odor which came from him and seemed to tell of the night s camping out ana tne aays travel in close proximity with hot beasts, mingled with an aroma of tobacco and of tbe whisky he had recently imbibed, struck unpleasantly • upon her nerves. She was a woman extremely - fastidious in such trifles and had an almost sensuous delight in delicate fresh scents. One ( of the things which went far towards re conciling her to life on Mount Wombo was the perfume of the sandalwood logs which she kept for burning in the sitting-room in the . winter. But something of the same conscientious self- . discipline which marked her manner to.her children showed itself in her bearing to her . husband. She seemed to become _ instantly alive to the impulse of repugnance in herself, and atoned for it by laying her hand caressingly ; upon his shoulder, and thus together they con templated the sleeping infant for a moment or two in silence. Then she withdrew her band and disengaged herself gently from his em- . brace. " Yes, I wish, too, that she had been a boy, not exactly for your reason though." " For what reason then?" "Oh, because I think women have the worst of it in the world—at any rate in the bush." " I don't see that. Things are always made - as easy for you as they can be up_ here. Of . course the life's rough but if it is so for women • it's rougher still for men. You can keep in doors if you choose. But how would you like droving cattle across country with rations run- - ning short and the water- bags getting empty ? And I wonder if you'd enjoy a day after scrubbers through gidya and burrum bush, or else drafting off a camp in the blazing sun a,nd branding till sundown and then coming home _■ dog-tired to salt junk and damper—and all the worry of the men and bad sales and drought and a big debt, with the chance of the bank coming down on you into the bargain T' " It seems to me that we women have our share of those worries too," said Clare. " As for the station work, I used rather to envy you men the wild, free rides, and the living with Nature, and the grandhess and reality of it all. Do you remember, I had a perfect : crave for out-of-door life long ago, after the hollowness and insincerity and stuffiness of London. I used to fancy then that it must 1 make people truer and better and purer. You ■ know I loved an easy day on the run, before the babies came, and when I was strong and not the poor creature I seem to have grown into." "An easy day!" echoed Tregaskiss. "A kid-glove kind of mustering in cool weather, just outside the paddock fences—and the men blessing you all the time-because they daren't ; let out an oath. I think you found ita bit too real sometimes, Clare, and you got deuced sulky when I swore at you for getting in the way. You expected me to keep up honey moon manners, but I've broken you in, haven't I, and we're none the less good friends for it ?' t "No, none the less good friends, Keith," she repeated with that curious smile. "But that wasn't what I meant when I wished that: baby had been a boy." " What did you mean ?" he asked. "Oh, men get rid of their illusions quicker," she answered. "Or eke they never grow them, which is better still—at least I suppose it is better, if the illusions are hound to wither before the morning has become to-day. "VVomen are so helpless," she went on, her voice taking a deeper inflection, "so blind,_ so ignorant, so hedged in. They can't go into the open and judge of things as men do. They. can't even judge of themselves. They don't know what they are capable of or deficient in. Thev don't know what they want." "Well, most of them seem to know that they want a husband," .said Tregaskiss with a laugh. "And after all, Clare, a woman can't do much better than that—if she gets a good one—and a man can't be better, off than with a ' good wife." . . ..." .. There was genuine feeling in his tone; it touched Clare. "No, Keith. There can't be anything better in the world than a happy marriage. But people's ideas of happiness and of love are dif- ; ferent, aren't they? And women have dreams and wayward fancies. In the end we settle down to doing our duty, and we find satisfac-. tioninit, but in the beginning, when we are young and romantic, and f^r drama and thrill and communion of mind and the poetry , of loye—and all the rest. That's how itrs hard for women—for some women. _ They've got to grind down the edge of their imagination and to pull their ideals to pieces and to scatter in; fragments all their fond and foolish beliefs, and it—ifsa painful process, Keith, and I'd rather not have to watch a daughter of mine going through it." ' Tregaskiss looked at her, at once annoyed, uneasy, and amused. "Oh, confound ideals ! ' That iised to be a great word of yours, Clare. I thought I had laughed you out of it, though upon my soul I never did quite know what; you meant by it. I hate hearing you talk like that. It makes me think of those long haired South Kensington painters and the ladies in queer dresses, with notions that you used to tell me you were so sick of. Besides it puts into my head that you aren't happy, and that isn't true—anyhow, you always say that you are happy enough."_ ^ "Oh, yes, Keith, don't mmd. Of course I am happy enough." " Ideals !"' he went on wrathfully. Poetry, sentiment—the sort of stuff you read in giovels. Pine words and infernal Tommy-rot, as I always said to you, dear. We don't breed 'em out west." , "No; you laughed me out of my fancy that ideals might exist in the bush. That's one of the vanished illusions. They don't -seem to fraternise with sheep and cattle in this part of Leichardt's Land." "Do you think they thrived any better on Ubi Downs, where you came from?" "I don't know. I suppose not. I was only ten years old, you know, when I left it. And yet, 'she went on dreamily, "Ikept a vision, of Ubi Downs all those years as of a sort of promised land—the mountains and the strange sunsetsandtheriverandthegreatbunyascrub3— tho Erl King and Sintram and Undine lived in that bunya scrub and the creek that came down from the gorge. I can remember it quite well." • . , .. '• "And you married me because you thought I was going to bring you to your promised land? Was that it?" _ "Perhapsit was a little, Keith."^ _ . "Good Xord, Clare, you are childish, with your Erl Kings and your fairy tale people. I suppose they are in a fairy tale. I never heard of them anywhere else. What has come over you to-night?" .... "I don't'know, Keith. One gets thinking lying awake in'the moonlight." "Thinking! What about?" , " Oh !—about ideals, and drama, and thrill, and different kinds of love—everything that makes the poetry of life. But I quite agree with you; it's stupid to talk of them. Gladys Warraker and I agreed long ago not to expect such things in the ordinary run of life." " Well, anyhow, I thought you had dropped all such rubbish since you came here. Ideals ! drama! thrill! and different kinds of love!" he repeated with bluff scorn. "By Jove, do you remember our sitting by the waterhole at Wombo soon after we came up and your read* ing to me something by some German chap, and asking me if that was how I loved you, and your disgust when I told you it was all damned rot? As if men and women everloved each other, especially when they are married, in any way but one. You may wrap it up in sugar as much as yon like, but love always comes to the same thing—generally ends in little red creatures like this." Clare gave a slight shudder and thenlaughed an old nervous laugh. " Yes, it always cornea to the same thing. You have taught me that." " . . " I have made youpraotical, my dear. Upon, my soul if it hadn't been for having married me you'd be lost in tbe clouds by now. I've brought you down to earth, I and the chil dren." " Yes," she again assented. _ " You and the children. One can't be anything but practical when there are babies crying round and only a half-caste or a black gin to look after them."^ " Well, that's your own fault, Clare. 1 said you could get a nurse out of one of the emigrant ships at Port Victoria." 1 " Oh, she wouldn't have stayed. She would have complained that it was too rough or too dull, or else the mosquitoes and sandflies would have eaten her up. And I'm so anxious to get that wretched debt cleared off. I don't want splendid < say that there's not another woman I know brought up like you that would work in the same way to keep things together. As for the debt if I could get a couple of good seasons and a market for fat cattle I'd soon clear it off and we'd take a trip home and then settle down on your beloved Ubi in the heart of civilisation. Confound that woman! When is she going'to send me up something to eat ?" He went noisily to the staircase and called down. After a few minutes a young woman who had been serving at the bar brought in a tray with cold beef and bread and a bottle of wlnsky. Tregaskiss threw off bis coat, pours^ himself out some wluskj-and wateiv and calbr to his wife to come in and "yarn." She obeyed the peremptory call without a murmur, though she had lain down again upon the bed beside the baby and was in truth almost worn out. She waited upon her husband while he made a hearty meal and chatted cheerfully upon Leura concerns the while, having, it appeared, quite recovered from her sentimental mood. They talked about the deliquencies of the " Gripper," otherwise Mr. Cusack; the new boundary between Worn bo and Brinda Plains; the surveyors to be employed; the stock keeping camcity of a "new chum" lately installed at Mount Wombo; the ''tally" of the last branding. It was not till Tregaskiss had lighted his pipe and tilted back his chair that he was struck for the second tune by his wife's wan looks, and again declared she looked like a ghost. He insisted upon giving her some weak whisky and water, and expressed compunction for having kept her up, fussing over her in a man-like un helpful manner, which at intervals took the form of scolding. Why didn't she look after . herself better ? What was the use of leaving Port Victoria before she was quite strong'! Why would she nurse the baby when she knew that she wasn't fit for it'! On the last point lie waxed persistently wrathful. "I wanted to," pleaded Clare. "I think I have read that mothers always care more for the children they nurse themselves. It's an outlet for " she stopped. " An outlet for what "For the foolish fancies, perhaps, that you have been scolding me for." "What has put the notion into your head?' asked Tregaskiss. "You know that the child drags you to pieces." 'I didn't nurse the other two," she said in a low voice, "and they died, and I don't think I was half sorry enough, poor little things." Tregaskiss was silent. "That's nonsense," lie said presently. "They wouldn't have lived anyhow, and this one is much more likely to thrive on good cow's milk. I'll have a milker kept apart." And then he went on—"You talk of expenses, and you know it means gallons of oottled stout or you can't get on at alii Hot that I grudge it," he added hastily, smitten by an expression which crossed Clare's face, "but goodness knows how long the drays will be getting it up. "That's what I meau't." But she had been moved many times to a half-amused scorn or pitiful tolerance by the exhibition of a curious strain of meanness in Tregaskiss's character. This was all the more strange because it was allied in a certain sense to boisterous good nature. In some matters Tregaskiss was openhanded and even extrava gant. It was quite certain also that he would not have grudged his wife anything that he seriously believed would contribute to her health or comfort, and yet in some small odd ways he was penurious. ( To be continued.) 