LE9 GLOMES De .CORNEVILLE. On Wednei'day^eveoing at4be Academy of Musio, ^the. ^tiay Aipateur Opera Society gare.ibis well known comic opera beT-tre a Jarge^gd.'-epprecUuvp audience. It is- now\neafly thr.ee years since this opera was given by thU Society, and their effort on this ocoasioh showed conclusively that the society bas still a gdod hold on publio sympathy,' and that anything they put on the stage is sure to meet with the wHrmest support. Tho entertainment was given on this occasion as a compli mentary farewelUo Mr '.Hv-^ihtoTfingtfr ' who i6 about to leave for England. Dur ing his reaidebenin Hay ^r JehpingB t^ak' ' always been resdy to 'give his servioes to the pnbliCr«B«re particularly.^on -behalf of any charitable object, and the compliment paid him on Wednesday night was only a just -recognition of the valuable services lie has rendered iu many ways during his residence her6. As the plot of ihe opera is so well known— a summary being given on^the programme— it isneedii a* to repeat it here*.. Tbe characters were well sus tained throughout, showing that much care had been besto&ed; upon the study of the various parts, and the 'opinion ex pressed by those beBt able to judge was that the performance was in every sense a credit to the sooiety, and one that would i oompare favorably with anything of the ! kind given here by professionals. The I staging was as good as could possibly be I obtained here, while the dresses were in every way appropriate, and when the performers were all on the stage, the effect was moat striking. On this occasion the society bad the advautageof a strong and effective orchestra, which added greatly to the charm of the entertain ment. The music by the orchestra was excellent, and the people of Hay maycon gratulate themselves upon having such an efficient band of musicians. TheorcheBtra consisted of the following Conductor, Professor Geo. Aodcews ', violins — Mr C. Long, Mr Wright; 'Master Wright, and Miss Meakes ; 'cello, Mr Thompson ; flute, Mr Buwyer*Smijih ; cornet, Mr Smith; triangle, Mr Maokenzie ; pianiste, Miss Reed. When the curtain rose the Btage presented a pretty sight, and tbe per formers received a warm greeting from tbe audience * Mrs T, Wood, as tierpo lette, gave an excellent rending of her part, which involved a great deal of hard tvuik. Her 6tnging aud ucLing through out showed that she has lost none of her vivasuy aud power, and they called' forth repeated appease aud several recalls. Her 6iuging as usual was-clear, sweet aud ex pressive, while the various situations in. which she fou'ud -liersolf were aocented with an artiessness which was quite irreaistable/ajid her tivery movement was graceful and appropriate to the part In the songs- 14 1'may'b'e Princess,11 and' No ghosts at all,' her voice was heard to the best advantage. She was also very effec tive iu other parts, more particularly, in the lead of Lhe chorus ' Look at this, look at that.' Miss Macarthur's part as Germaine was an interesting one, Bnd there can be no two opinions as to tbe wav in which she acquitted hereelf, the audience testifying in a most nnmistake able manner to the merits-of~her perform ance. Bar qoiet and unob rusive manner —essential to the -proper-representation of the character— was one of her' strong points, while her singing was all that could be desired. Iu the songs u By his side' and ' liove the Miuistrel' she was wry pathetic; but tier best effort. was the ' Legend of the Bells' (with chorus), and her rending was warmly acknowledged by the audience, aud it had to be repeated, IU - n„..~ fhn M.rn.H. ,id looked well iu the handsome dress, and bore himself in a most gallant manner throughout the heavy part be had to sus tain In the scene where the company sing '* Silent Heroes' Mr Gegg showed out to great advantage, and the part was much admired and warmly applauded. During the singing of this part a colored light was thro «n on to tbe stage, which had a very beautiful effect, ehowiog off the performers and the dresses to great advautage. The most difficult charupier of the whnle'is that of Gaepard, and .we Deed hardly^ ?ay -that^ Mr Jennings was perfect in bis representation of the old -miser, more particularly when he is Revel ling in the sight of the hea{ 6 of gold in. the haunted .chateau,; and through whjch he loses his reason, Thrjughout Mr Jennings displayed a true conception of the character, «nd carried that, conception out with much-dramMic effect, and was deservedly applauded for what was un doubtedly a great., performance. Mr M'Donald's Grenicheux . was »,ysryjrpod representation, *and his singing was un questionably of a superior character. The. must coljepicnniis parewere '*Gn Billows Rocking, ** Ttfat night I'll never forget,' and V Thoagh they may uot praise me.' The trio 'I shut my eyes' was a well rendered number by Mrs Wood and Messrs M'Donald and Hoare. Grenioheux played well, and when in ihe ^ermour 'in the haunted cbamber^aud Gaspard ' gh sit- ing over the eold, the scene was weird and ^realistic. ^he . Baiilie of Oorneville was ^ a most araosing character, and was admir ably sustained by Mr Hoare, who brought, out in a marked manner all the strong , points in tho part, His-vanity and egotis* j tical aaaumptiou of superiority, together I withThis fear of the gbo&ts; ot_the Jiatinted j chateau created a fund of amusement that ! ' was fully appreciated; ^Bis. singing was, | 's® it always is.'goodpmore particularly' in j ine song uu, aearf unj *tiear.r . xne character is ^y . no means, an easy one to 'pers6nate,/bnt iMr Hoare waa^ master of the situation. Mr E. Blanche, as the Baillie's Glerk was inimitable, and in his hands Gobo'seacentrloities^verefaithfolly delineated. The jokes and sritticisms were pointed, and atraok homo-at once ~ The other oharacter?_ _wete _ jpelL...8ustaip.edj. thoiigh their parts were smalli all helped to make tbe whole a^uccess.; { They; were as follows Mrs Blight, and^ Misses Proctor/Chambers, B. Maolurpan, and Master Meakes, . Besides those mentioned there were ,a.vtiumber of village girls, coachmen, servants,- -and- -sailors whose ?assistance in tbe choruses was invaluable. Altogether the opera went very 'smoothly, ' not a hitdb ocourriog during tbe whole of the performance. The opera will be repeated at the same place this Friday evening, when popular prices will be charged for admission. Cʜᴜʀᴄʜ ᴏꜰ Eɴɢʟᴀɴᴅ (Sᴛ. Pᴀᴜʟ’ꜱ) Hᴀʏ —The church is open daily for private prayer and meditation. Daily evensong at 5.30 p.m., except on Fridays. Sunday, 5th after Trinity, 8 a.m., Holy Oemmunion '; ll a Jpi, Mattins, Litany and fiermon ; 7 SOp.^^rirasongaadSertppn.' Monday, 8 p.m','*Parobhial Council ; Toes day, 7.30 p, tn, TeacKeVa Lessoii Meeting; 8 p.in, Bniiherlioud - Aud.reVj Wed nesday, Gjrlf- Faepdl^ Society sale' of work.; T'iurddjtyf 8 j-,m, Choir Practice, -Friday -^7 30 p.m,^ fiSvensong and Sermon., Ooutury eeryices— Carrathool, 4.i; 30 a.m^ Mattinsand^Seruiop, ' Ihrjoatjon A^a;— Jhe followiog lots 1 were taken up on; Thursday Albert J, . Noble, lot 1, eeciiftnl9, 4ac8: 5rd8 l0per. Wack wa^, lot_4,. seotiop „16, 3acs.r_ ? Thb RxvEfta. —The Aturrjumhidgee at Hay u lib. a^n., ^ W«ggs ,-flnd ftt-Guu4agai 5ft,4io, - 