fl» THE WOBLD. j Lord Chas. Beresford, responding to the | toast of the Navy at the London Press Club dinner on April 27, drew attention to the change that had taken place during the last tew years in respect to the relations between naval authorities and the press. At one time there was an impassable gulf I between the navy and the press. If ever a Journalist was discovered on board a man of- war, the order immediately given was ' Quarter-master, there's a man of the press ; hoist him out.' Things were very much altered now, and everybody in the country **fore an aft,' wanted to know what was sroing on, and the spirit fostered by newspaper criticism was, on the wnole, beneficial to the service itself. The old style- of admiral, who was troubled with anno-domini, was passing away. At the same time he wished to give the press warning. He looked upon the press as the steam that worked up public opinion. Let the press get up steam as much as it liked, but let it never try to drive the engines. The press was a great power, and if it indiscreetly exercised the power on an uninformed public, it might cause great danger to the nation. The most famous diamond at the present moment is not the Agra diamond, with its long and bewildering 'pedigree,' but a much bigger and finer stone though with no pedigree at all to boast of, which the President of the Transvaal has seut as a humble offering to his Holiness Pope Leo XIII. This monster gem must be by far the largest in the world, for it is valued at 5,000,000 piastres, \ and weighs 971 carats. Our Queen's Koh-i-Noor weighs only 106 carats. The Transvaal diamond was found in the mines of Jagersfontein by a Hottentot chief, who got only 800 piastres aud a horse for his find. The stone is of a pale milky-white tint, and its only flaw can not be detected without the aid of a micro scope. It is probable that the Pope will have the jewel set in the Pontifical tiara. In spite, however, of handsome gifts like this, and of still more substantial offerings in the shape of hard cash brought by thou sands of pilgrims and others — a particularly wealthy deputation of Austrian Catholics is expected in September next — the finance s of the Vatican do not seem quite so flourishing: as might be wished, and ominous reductions are being talked of. The latest proposal is to cut down the present yearly allowance of the Cardinals residing in Rome from .£1000 to £600 per annum, and it is thought that considera tions of economy may weigh with his Holiness, and induce him. to sanction the step. Various States in America are busily occupied with bills for taxing bachelors. The fate of the bills will be watched with interest. The opinion on this vexed ques tion as to whether bachelors ought to be taxed is the subject of a lady correspon dent who thinks they ought to be. ' Not,' she says, ' as a tax on a selfish luxury, but as a means of lessening inequalities of fortune.' Woman's sphere of labor is re stricted, she contends, and men derive the benefit from these restrictions. There fore, the men who do not marry and share the -advantages thus gained with members of the other sex ought in fairness to be taxed for the benefit of the unprotected women who are crowded out in the struggle for existence. The question, of course, is an old one, and perhaps few people are aware that a tax upon bachelors did exist in England within the last two centuries. The act enforcing it was passed in William Third's reign, bachelors above twenty-five paying Is, widowers Is, a duke being bachelor or widower ,£12 10s, a marquess .£10. These taxes remained in force till 1706. In 1777 it was tried to re- enforce them, and it was proposed to impose an additional tax upon every bachelor above the age of 40, and apply the produce therof as marriage portions to poor young maidens. The taxes now pro posed are to be according to the means of the bachelors, for the rich ones being 25 per cent, of their incomes. Edison, when he is deeply absorbed in work, consumes about twenty cigars a day; when he is less active mentally, about ten. They are always strong cigars. The inventor says that this excessive smoking has never, so far as he can dis cover, done him any harm. His family has been one of smokers, his grandfather, who lived to be 103, having been an in veterate smoker and a chewer of tobacco as well. It is also said that Edison is one of the few poker players who invari ably win, and his opponents accuse him of possessing a mysterious power to see through cards. It is said that Mr. Gladstone in his younger days used to sing negro melodies with banjo accompaniment very creditably. Recently Arthur Balfour won distinction as a parlor entertainer by acting as an amateur showman at Whittmghame. In his leieure hours Mr. Balfour cultivates both sport and learning very successfully. He is notably a good golf player, and has become an authority on ghosts and other objects of psychical research.,. British New Guinea; one of the latest, is also one of the most important of our pos sessions, and the annual report of its administration, as presented by Sir Wil liam M'Gregor, abounds with interest. The writer discusses the question to what extent' British subjects eat human flesh. We learn that our fellow citizens in Papua are cannibals only occasionally, and by 'bravado,' and when they feel sure of escaping detection by the British official. The custom is dying out all over the huge island of New Guinea. In the^British districts it is prac tically extinct. Another improvement which the Briton has wrought in British New Guinea is the almost total- suppres sion of murder. Murder has always been the Papuan's favorite method of titfor tat. It has Had the advantage of being prompt and effective. But John Bull has interfered, and murder is becoming comparatively rare. Formerly no Papuan regarded it as a crime, but now the notion of its criminality is slowly dawning on the Papuan mind. Another horrible custom which the Briton has been putting down in his new possession is burial in dwell ings. It is one of the oldest customs of savage and barbarous races,* and will speedily become extinct in British New Guinea. Coming to the political and in ternational side of the subject, British New Guinea owes its existence to Queens land. The Home Government did not wish to annex, but the colonists did. The new possessions will be of great importance, now that ' the development of the Pacific/* as it is called in Europe and America, has begun. ? . The eccentric Empress of Austria, after wandering in the Grecian Islands, has at last returned to Vienna. The court func tionaries notice -that she has developed several, peculiarities. For instance, she always dresses, for no matter what cere mony, ih a hiffh. grown of unrelieved black. Then, she absolutely refuses to listen to music, even the muBic of Strauss. She avers that her nerves are shattered -and unable 'to bear the strain of music' Her Majesty's most rem.arka.ble eccentricities, however, have to do with her food j she lives almost entirely on milk— the milk' from a special sort of cow reared in Corfu. . ??-.? -?--. .: .--???? ,-?-'— ?????'?? .'?? 