ST. PAULS AKKUCAX ClU'RCli. ANNUAL MEETING. The Easter meeting of the parishioners of SL P*al'a Anglican Church was held in the Sunday school-room on Tuesday. There were about twenty present, and the Hon. Rector (Bishop Daves) occupied the chair. The Vicar (the Rev. A, Richards) read the following address :— ' The flight of time has brought oa to tbe beginning of a new paro chial year, and it is my dnty and privilege to oner to yon a few comments upon what baa been attempted or achieved in the parish daring tbe past twelve mouths. These will necessarily be brief, because the circulation of tbe 'Church Gazette ' enables me to keep the parishioners in touch with all that goes on in the parish from month to month. My first feeling is one of heartfelt thankfulness that in spite of tbe gloomy forebodings with which we began the year, by God's mercy and good ness we bare been spared from any serious disaster, aud oar financial condition is, nn the whole, fairly satisfactory. Nor are there wanting certain clear indica tions, which it is impossible to reduce to statistical tables, that the work of the church ia gradually, though slowly, telling. Since our last Easter meeting, the Rev. A. R. Julia? has permanently taken np lits abode on the north side, as Wear of the large district designated ' the North Coast Mis sion,' and the neighbourly friendship and sympathy which 1 enjoy through his com parative nearness to St. I'anl'a makes me fervently hope that the time is not far dis tant when the number of clergy working on this side of the Firzroy may be increased. Well I know the difiicnlties in the way ; bnt I emphatically repeat what I said three years ago— that it ie impossible, here in the torrid pastoral work of a large cathedral parish such as oars. Bur for tbe great kind ness -um inTaiuauic uejp ui uuc uwnop, and the unvarying ennrtesy and considera tion of the chnrchwardens and church officers, 1 could not have felt able or justified in going on for over four years attempting to compass &uch; an impracticable task. At tention was called by the churchwardens in iheir last Easter report to tbe fact that com plaints were often heard as to the insufficient visiting of the congregation, and I am bound to admit that each compluats were neither unreasonable nor undeserved. No congrega tion can hope for real growth and stability without proper shepherding. It will always be exposed to leakage on account of the better inducements in this respect which smaller or better-manned congregations can offer, and many trQl also fall away through indifference. Although I always feel that pastoral visitation is one of the pleasantest and most profitable departments of my work, tbe exigencies of die present case prevent me from doing little more than the taking re gular members of tbe congregation in their torn and getting round to see them aa often as possible But tbe evils attendant on undermanning a parish are so obvious that I need not dwell upon them further except To point out that not the least of them are experienced by the pastor himself, and there fore indirectly by bis flock, in the few oppor tunities he -*?*» snatch for mental and spiritual culture. * They made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine* own have I not kept.1 Too much of my time and thought have been given to finance and to devising schemes for providing the sinews of war. When our fellow-churchmen have learnt the right use of money and the religious duty and privilege of consecrating a dne proportion of it to the service of Almighty God and the good of their fellow-men, the charch will be saved from that ' bfl?awr-^-*T|rit-4*i^) bonus-winning scheme-driving existence ' which threatens to min her spiritual influence and degrade her in the eyes of earnest men. Would that the clergy could hand over the more ' secular ' branches of their work to faithful laymen, and act upon tbe rules laid down by the apostles of old ! i It is not reason that we should leave the word of God and serve tables. Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you .... men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business ; but we will give ourselves cod ti anally to prayer and to I he ministry of the Word.' SiiU, notwithstanding that our work, like every thing human, has its defects and shortcomings, I thankfully Wlieve that the 'good leaven ' is at work, and that Almighty God is gradually coming to be worshipped amongst us ' in spirit and in truth,' The attendants ar the Table of the Lord are, I believe, on tbe in crease, and there is a general spirit of concord ?axiA absence of cliquism in our midst which gives us good grounds for hoping that, with all oar imperfections, the ' pood hand of God is apw na. ' Not that tbe disciples of a posi tive and definite faith can ever expect to have it all their onn way. Where life and growth are there is struggle, and onr Lord expressly warns us that His message, if fully and fear lessly delivered, is always likely to alienate and anger rather than attract and please, Eimply by reason of the loftiness of its standards and the oncom promising nature of its claims. Narrow is the gate. He said, and straightened is the way that leadeth unto life, and few be they that find it. We are not to look for success as the world reckons it. It the measure of light and ability given unto us. The services of the gaol hare been conducted by myself with almost uninterupted regularity during the past year, and oar thanks are due to the authorities for their unfailing civility and co-operation. Some of the Guild members also bold a little prayer meeting for the old pffople at tbe Benevolent Home once a month. I am etili far from being reconciled to the *? united Protestant ' services al Graccmere. Neither do I think tbe congregations which attend them are. My anxieties on the score of the children of_the neighbourhood are much 1 lightened ou learning that Mrs. Philip Law ford has, of ber own free will, established a Sunday school at Laogley, which, I know, is well attended and well tangbt. The Sanday school (morning and afternoon), with the branch school at Allenstown (ably and zealously conducted by Miss Morley), pursues the even tenor of its way; but, of course, suffers from the chrome complaint of insuffi ciency of teachers, especially gentlemen. The f nnds have allowed us to repay to the trustees of the Sunday school building fond £20 of the loan granted by them some years ago for tbe purchase of tbe school piano. This sum they bare considerately expended in erecting some necessary outbuilding for the use of the children. One of the most hopeful depart ments of oar work are the well attended Bible classes held at the Rectory and Cathe dral Vestry for youths, and elder girls, and young women respectively ; and under the wise and sympathetic direction of two of our best teachers, good results may he anticipated. The day school has now been established for four years, and religious instruction is given every schoolday morning to between forty and fifty scholars. The members do not grow as I could wish ; hot it wonld, perhaps, he en natural to expect tbe average child to voluntarily impose upon itself an extra half hour's schooling daily. I should mention that at t he strong solicitation of the cuuaren t nemselces a band ot Hope has been formed, composed of about fifty members ; but it is premature to say anything farther about it now. It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of I he work of teaching the yoang the doc trines of oar * most holy faith,' and we have a right to ask for and expect the earnest co-operation of all parents in the matter. Tbe Girls' Friendly Society continues its meetings every Thursday, nnder the loving presidency of Mrs. Wood. The members occupy them selves with a quantity of useful work of various kinds ; but X imagine tbe fact of the meetings being held after dark, must always be a serious obstacle In the way of the society 's n umerical progress. The quiet, unobtrusive work of the Guild, de serves a word of recognition. The members, though few in number, are always to tbe fore w:ien some needful work for tbe church has to be done, and their visits to the Hospital, &c.;, are, I know, much appreci ated. I think we have made a mistake in the past in wailing for candidates for membership to offer themselves. We ought to seek them ont and bring gentle pressure upon them to join our ranks. I wiah the parochial branch of the Church Society could be made more of a t«ality. The members at present merely pay their subscriptions, and, I think, offer their prayers on behalf of tiie home mission work .of the diocese ; but it is much to be desired that meetings could be held periodically for con ference and intercession. I must not omit to mention the earnest work of the choir during tbe past year. All, I am sure, feel a sense of the responsibility attaching to their office, indicated, at least as regards the male members by their place in the sanctuary and their special garb. Our relations in every way have been harmonious and pleasant, and I trust that all are trying to make glorious oar worship and edify our people, not only by efficiency of musical rendering, but in devotion and reverence of demeanour. One of our schemes might appear to some to be a little reckless in view of tbe straitness of the times. I allude to the building of the new choir vestry. Let me briefly explain 1OW and wfav this warlc was sfifc em frwtt'. T found myself with a moderate sum of money in hand, which I was anxious to apply towards patting an end to the inconvenience and irreverence caused by crowding oar large choir, with tbe Bishop «o»d clergy, into the only tiny vestry which the church possessed. I therefore suggested the erection of a temporary wooden annexe to the present building, for which Hie amount available would have been sufficient. It was, however, pointed oat by competent authority that snch a structure as I contemplated would be ont of keeping with tbe building and a hideous eye sore. Coder these circumstances the assis tance of the bank was obtained, and A new structure erected, which has met wit h universal approval, and which, I hope, will be fully paid for within the next two months. Oneuord in conclusion. As parishioners of the mother church we are called upon to take ;i not unimportant part in laying the founda tions of our neiv diocese. We have ancient and honourable traditions to guard and a sacred trust to hand on to those who come after us. Let us give heed that we faithfully and wisely sustain our responsibility.' Mr. W. Spikr read the report of the churchwardens (Messrs. W. Spier, and F. H. B. Turner, which is as follows :— ' We have pleasure in placing before the parishioners the account for Lhe past year. This period has been one of considerable difficulty in con nection with the finances of the charch. The depressed times, together with the many demands upon tbe parishioners from other sources, have all had an effect upon tbe con tributions towards the various funds of the church, which hare suffered accordingly. We had contemplated making a special effort to reduce the overdraft by soliciting farther subscriptions ; but ire finally decided to abandon this idea in consequence of the appeals iliat are now being made on behalf of the bazaar and Japanese fair to be held in .Tune next. Considering all the difficulties that have presented themselves, we are of opinion the state of the account is in every way satisfactory. We have in previous re ports sug^ested means l-y which the burden tbe whole of the parishioners instead of, as at present, the comparative few, and we trust that a scheme with this end in view will be formulated by the incoming wardens. We desire to express our hearty thanks to the members of the choir for their valuable and voluntary services, and to the Sunday school teacher3, whose sclf-sacrifieiug labours have had sach good results in so many vraya.' The following is the account referred to : — Byo«eitori« ? 3S0 11 1 Pew rents ? 288 6 0 Subscriptions to stipend fond .. .- 31 2 0 Bent of school- room ? 10 2 C Proceeds of carnival - .. .. .. 143 IS 10 Proceeds of Christmas revel* . . . . 32 13 I Sutacriptions .. .. ? 308 13 0 ?Onirdraft ? H7 1C C £1213 19 C Bv lolance from iweceding: \w . . . . 275 1 4 Vicar .. ? 300 0 0 Bishopric Sustentatioo Fond .. -. W0 0 0 Ul^UIIMi » .. .. .? -- ?? ???? ' *? V«£ct ? 85 10 0 BeM-rinjrer and orpan-l»lo»er .. ?- 25 10 0 Fire insurance .. „ ? 13 5 o Lighting ? 1IM 13 B Kates ? 19 3 3 Advertisng and priming ? 13 U ' SagnungrttaJ winps ? S 9 i Donation to Hospital ? 4 3 10 Boaid of Missions .'.' .'.' ' .'.' 0 IS 4 Sick Hud Poor Fund ? 7 13 t Petry cash and 6t3mps ? 3 0 0 Diocesan General Fund ? 1 IS 0 Diocesan manacvnienl .. ?? ?? Cut) Japanese fair ? 12 IS 1 And nlien ihre- arc callectevi lhe ileliL uill tie onlv £71 10s. OL The report and acconnt were adoptetu The balance-sheet of tbe Sunday school, summarised, aa under, wan read : — To rasa in hand .. .. £15 ti a Collection ? ss IS 5! Prizenud ? 0 3 2' Picnic fund ? »S 17 7 Uelanesbn UiisiOQ ? 19 library fund ? 4 17 7 General ? 1 18 * £S3 9 2 £XPKSDI1TUE1 Bv senem! fund (including £20 in repay ment of loan on the piano) .. .. J31 13 7 Prize fund .. .. „. . . _ lu 14 11 library fund _ ? s 5 PMfiiefnnd ? 2C 4 10 lligsions .. ? 7 3 £S3 0 2 The following statement of Die Girls' Friendly Society Lodge Fend ivas also pre To sotecnptioin ? ' .. .. £1M 13 0 and Coke Company ? SU fi Interest ? 16 4 JdranmJ ? 14 » £100 4 e rXTEXD.TTEE. Hy the purchase of ru-enty-one sharps in the KocfchamiiUMi Can 'and Coke Com pany ? £147 7 c Part paymeot of purcha-« money of ten shares :n llie same company .. .. 43IG8 £190 4 2 EI.KCTION OF OFFICE-UEARFRS. Mr. G. J. Lever was ejected people's warden and Mr. XV. S. Warren clergy's warden. Messrs. Holyoake Woodd and \V. Spier were chosen as auditors. The following gentlemen were elected to the parochial council : — By Jie parishioners - Messrs. F. H. a Turner, vV. Spier, G. Potts. E. Foulkes, \V. FJIery, J. C. Slade, Holyoake Woodd, and J. E. Crane. By the clergy : Messrs. B. H. Jones, E. H. Maxwell, J. T. Tilbury, and Ackary. Votes of thanks :o the retiring wardens and choristers terminated the proceedings. 