TIIE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES, lnitfjT NOTICE. The opening nrtlolo in tho Fortnightly Jit' vie \e for February is by Mr. Edwin Goartby, who writes upon England and tho Gothenburg Licensing System with a view to dissipating several misconceptions as to tho naturo of the liquor laws in Swcdon, Tho topio is receiving a good doal of attention nt the prcsont momout In England, and it is not unlikely to come to the front hero before long, inasmuoh as tho shiro council at Mildura has recently passed a resolution favoring its adoption for that Rottlement. Tho first point Mr. Goadby makes is to show that what wo aro in the habit of calling tho Gothenburg system Is only a part of true local option, whioh re&ohcs; muoh farther than a moro looal veto, although it includes it. Under the old system in Swollen licences wcro sold by nuotion for ono yoar, or for three yoare, whon they Again reverted to the town and wore resold as before by tender, accompanied with a certificate of porsona! respectability, Thsio licences only applied to the sale of brandy, while beer nnd ale could be sold by any shopkeeper with an ordinary lioence for keepiug a shop. Under the law the towns were uot permitted to pro hibit tlio sales of brandy, while tlio communes were. This distinction still con tinues, and accounts to some extent for tho recent increase in drunkenness in Gothenburg, because the outlying communes having pro hibited tho eale, tipplers and other persons in clined for a spree have to get drunk in the town, or, at all events, people coming to market have to take home their drink with them. Another cause for the inoroase is the stronger ala that ii now brewed, aud as thoro Is no restriction upon its salo people can now get drunk upon malt liquors, whnrcAs the formor brew was not Rtrong enough in alcohol to produce sny bad effects. These two causes are sufficient, according to Mr. Ooadhy, to account for tho recent increase in druukonness which hns boon so inuoh commented on by tho opponents of the system. The same Aot that arranged the general ealo of liquor also created what is moro particularly known as the Gothenburg system — tho salo or surrender to a company of the monopoly of tho retail sale of brandy. A later law permits tlio town counoil to work all publiohousos for tbe retailing of brandy, but in spite of tho prevalent belief that such a system does exist, Mr, Goadby assures us that it is praotir.ally unknown in any considerable towu in Sweden, Tlie company that has tho monopoly in Gothenburg is formed of lead ing oitizons, And pays its managers a salary, and not by sale resultn, although tlioy are permitted to make a profit on food, and aro compensated for losses on the sale thereof. The company is managed by a board of fivo directors, receiving £38 5. a piece annually; a secretary and a small staff. The capital is £5500, and the shareholders receive 6 per cent, interest on it. The gross profits realise about £50,000 a year, of whioh £15,000 good to administrative expenses, about £800 to sbareliotdors, £15,000 to the town for the licence monopoly, nnd about Another £L5,000 is paid into the city treasury, to be distributed as tho law proscribe. It is obvious from ibis fact that tho system could not bo snooensfully applied either in England or liore in itseutiroty, far a great deal of our drunken- nebs is duo to beer and alo drinking, and some arrangement would havo to be made to compen sate publicans nnd others for their vested interests in liconees which, as tlioy never existed iu Gothonburg, did uot stand in tho way. Mr. ltiohard Davpy, writing upon Turkey nnd Armenia, warns Englishmen against lending too easy credence to the reports of massacres in tho latter country, Armenia, lie says, is merely a geographical expression, and in the territory generally known ab Turkish Armenia the popu lation does not exoccd 1,500,000, although it could support 20,000,000 souls. Of these 1,509,000, thore are probably 500,000 Ar- monianf, 500,000 Turks, 450,000 KhunU, 5000 Greeks and 7000 others. Ever since tbe time of Chryaostom, who was banished to Armenia in 4o?-; a .n.» the IChurds liavo been raiding aud slaughtering the Armenians. These people have a great affection for thoir country, and in spito of the constant raids they havo long refused to leave it. Large numbers, however, have done so of late years, nnd it is said that there are no fewer than 6000 of thorn domiciled in Boston, Massa chusetts. They are a Semitic race, tracing their pedigree up to Haig, tho great grandson of Japhct. Howover this may be, their features hare a strong Semitic cast, aud they are so re markably shrewd in business that there is a common saying throughout the East that "no Jew can flourish within 10 milos of an Armenian." Mr. Davey also shows that they are revolutionary in tliofr tendencies, and that tho "unspeakable" Turk has certainly grounds for complaint against England for the support that certain Armenian agitators have received. Thero is a little newspaper called the Anglo' Armenian Gazette, published under the guid ance of an association presided over by tome of Her Majesty's Cabinet Ministers, in which such gems as the following nre allowed to Appear : — " Some 30 years ago an Armenian published a pamphlet to prove tbe denoent of Queen Victoria from the ancient kings of Armenia, Since whioh time the Armenians have been wondering wby her Majesty docs not annox Armenia to her dominion." Surely it la wot strange that the Sultan should be loth to listeu to tho remon strances of Miuiaters who allow such trash to bo fathered ou them,. As an instance ot the exag geration that takes place in regard to tho mas sacres, Mr. Davey mentions that in 1879 the London papers, inspired by the "patriots," announced that 500 Armenians had been tor tured and massacred in the neighborhood of Aleppo, Upon investigation it turned out that the real number was only cigbr. There can be no doubt, that. atrocities havo been com mitted, and that the Great Powers are justified in investigating them ; but there is good reason for supposing that there h&s; been tremendous exaggeration, which can only tend to bring the wholo matter iuto ridicule similar to that which followed the birth of a mouse from the moun tain in labor. Mr. A. R. Wallace, tho well known naturalist, contributes the first part of an article upon The Method of Organio Evolution. Quite recontly there has sprung up a reaction against Darwin's groat theory aa affording a satisfactory oxplana- tion of organic evolution. Certain writers are introducing the oonaeption of thore being defi nite positions of organic stability, quit# inde pendent of utility, and, therefore, of natural selection. ' Thoso positions, it is said, aro often reached by ducoufmuouj varia tions, tbat is, by leaps of eoosiderablo amount, which aro thus ooznpetent to "mould races without any help whatever from the pro cess of selection, whether natural or sexual." Mr. combats this hypothesii with con- siderable vigor, but his argument is too intricate for reproduction here. Ho considers, however, tbat Darwin's theory is quito clfioient to explain tho complex adaptations that abound jn tbe natural world. Ho illustrates this part of his subject by the simple case of tho adaptation of juioy and fleshy fruits to be e&teu; by birds. At a first glance tbis would seem to be an injury to the specie, but in reality it is most beuefioial, for it lesds to tho wide dispersal of the Beeds. "If wo suppose tbat in au early stago of tho development ancestral fruits whioh happened to be a little softer than others were eaten by birds, hew could that oircumitanco in crease tho softness, dovelop juice, and produce color in future generations of the trees or bushes that sprang from the seeds so dispersed?" The explanation, according to the Darwinian theory, is easy and satisfactory, for the variation in juioi- ness aod oolor would attraot birds to eat them, thus proving beneficial to the species by aiding jn the dispersal of the seeds to suitable soils for 'their development. - Mr. B. S. Gundry, in Ancestor Worship in China, thinks that the missionaries are mistaken in attempting to put down the praetice as idolatry. A Chinaman will give up Buddhism for Christianity easily enough, but to ask him to abandon the worship of bis ancestors is to scandalise and wound his greatest religious instinct Every house has somewhere its shrine, where the tablets inaoribod with tbe names and descriptions of bis anoestors are kept with as much reverence and care as the Romans of old used to preserve the Images of thsir forefathers. Ou certain occasions ho sac rifices to them and offers up prayers. The definition of Oonfuofus Is " serving the dead as they would have been served if alive," and tho dishes containing food whioh are spread before the tablets realty form a banquet. A China man's desire to loave a son is oausod hy the hope that he will offer these banquets to his Manes, nnd It is worthy of remark that tho belief that neglected souls turn into hungry ghosts seems to bo as old as man. Eveu in Christian countries the same feeling exists, and, ai Mr. Marion Crawford puts it— "From Homo to Palermo swear at & man if you please, o&U; him by bad names and ho will laugh at you ; but curse his (load relations or their souls, And you had better ksep beyond tho reaoh of his knife, or of his hands if ho have no weapons." Mr. Gundry makes it pretty clear that tlie mis sionaries, if they want to make any true progress in Ohlna, had better refrain from auy inter ference with tlie native mode of honoring their anoestora, and loavo Christianity to bring about a revulsion of fooling of itself in time. Mr. Esoott, in an article entitled London Pen and Gown in tho Sixties and Since, suggested by the nppe&ranoo; of Mr. 8ala'e book on Things I Have Seen and People I Have jfnown, discourses pleasantly about certain phases of London literary life, Tho artiolc is scarcely of general interest, but is ourious from Mr. Enoott'a belief in the wido reaching influence posthumously exercised in all depnrtmontfj of journalism by tbe genius, discipline and example of Charles Dickens. He maintains that the modern lead ing nrtiole in its lighter forms owes ita paternity to Household Words ; and that " special report ing " may find its origin in tho Sketches From. Italy and America% and to his training a whole troop of proficients in that stylo of composition. He considers that Sala, Edmund Yates and Grouvillc Murray wore all disolples of Dickons, and in more loud in his praise of the author of the Pickwick Papers than most critics of tho present day are prono to be. To Sidelights on Socialism, three writers eon- tribute, tho first giving soma account of the effect of tho last elections iu Belgium. Two years ago tho constitution was altered so ns to give universal suffrage, with ono voto to the adult bachelor, two to tlie housoholdor and three to tlio educated family man. The consequenco has been to emphasise the conflict of partus, and to make thorn oolncido with the Walloons and Flemings, of whom tho population of Belgium con sists. The division is also between Individualism and Collectivism. Curiously onough, the Flem ings, who aro devout Catholics, aro strong Indi vidualists ; while the Walloons, who, by thoir proximity to tlio French and hy tiio use of tho sainolangu&ffo;, lean to Collectivism, have emanci pated themselves from tlio rulo of tho priests. Besides, tho Flemings, boing mostly Agricultur ists, are moro amenable to religious in fluences, whilo Collectivism i" rife in towns, where lite Walloons most congregate. The second part of the artiolc gives some account of a now Socialist colony which Dr. Hortzka, the author of Frceland, is about to establish in Africa Lino's recent failure to make a sucooss of New Australia augurs badly for the now departure, but tho fjobemo diffori iu somo im portant details from formor attempts. Although the soil is to belong to tho community, and the capitalist Is not to be allowed to put out his money at interest, each man is to have tho fruite of his labor. Noarly everything is to be produced by machinery, aud the man with the most prodnotive ability will enjoy the greatest privileges and tho greatest spuuding power, and ho may own any kind of property except laud. Tho third portion of tho article is founded upou UerrBehel'sbook ou V/omnn's Place in Socialism. Woman has too loug beon obligod to work for "bed and board," and she will no longor submit to this slavery with tho "perquisites of a few ohildreu " thrown in. She is to lie independent of her husband ; she is to do her own work and reoeivo iior own share of the Collectivisb profits. If the works for her husband by keeping bio house and nursing the children, someone — It is uot quite clear whether tho Stato or her husband— is to pay her wages. ' Tho unemployed will be glad to learn that Herr Bcbel has hopes that in the future the birth rate will be rogulAtod according to tha food supply. Ho socs no reason wby an abstin- once from potatoes should not keep the Socialist State within reasonable limits. Of courso this may be possible if the citizen will consent to bo | fed on scientific principles, for another learned German assures us thai & potato diet and a ten dency to largo families are concurrent phe nomena. Tho Contemporary itet'teu; open with a strong nrtiole on tho House of Lords — A Flea for De liberation, by Mr. Fletcher Moulton, M.P. After somo forcible remarks as to the composi tion of tho House of Lords and its alliance with the Conservative party, whioh it UelpH to keep In power, he point# out that the constitution of tbat Hoqbo ensures but one thing — that the mombora shall be rich, and that their wealth shall, for the most part, bo unearned. The law prohibits property being settled for countlcas generations, but allows tbe right to rule to be inherited. "If I wish," he writes, "to miraio the House .of Lords with a non hereditary Chamber, it should consist of all tbdse who possess £20,000 a year, none of whioh they have earned." Ho does not believe that the proposition to allow a Ringlu Chamber to govern a great country like Englaud without a written constitution such as exists in tbe United States, and whioh enables tho Supreme Court to decide whether an net is ultra vires or not, is feasible. Otherwise each House of Commons would be a virtual dictator, and could determine the period of its power ami the mode of ohooaing its successor. Nor would there bo anything to prevent a Conservative House from re-establishing the House of Lords or from limiting the franchise. Mr. Moulton thinks that a remedy for tho existing ntute of things may be found ia some extension of the priuoipieof the Irish Home Rule Bill. If England and Scotland had Legislatures to determine all social And local questious, the Imperial Parliament might still remain, but the power of the Upper House would he cut down to foreign affairs and to other matters with whioh they would have no interest to exert a maleficent influence, wlie the people would have full scope to pass measures of domestic importance without the interference of an irresponsible body. In the same review Professor Clifford Allbutt takes an optimistic view of . Nervous Diseases and Modern Life. He declares tbat the sup posed increase in insanity does not exist at all, and quotes tho Registrar-General's report on tiio Gonsuw of 1891 to show that as far as regis tered patients aro concerned, lunacy ib on the decrease. Even if it were not, it would be no proof that there was an iucrcaso, for tho care and vigilance with which persons who are suioidal or afflicted with epilepsy or other acute and ohronlo disoasos of the brain are nursed nowadays must prolong tho mcau duration of life in them. When there is an increase iu insanity it has been found among agricultural laborers, who do not speculate in stocks or live At high pressure, but who are ill-fed, marry within a narrow cirole and boiong to a class whose most vigorous members are apt to emigrate to the towns. General paralysis iB a disease of the towns, and therefore on the inorease, but it is so sign of brain work, for it is most rtfo among soldiers and sailors. Again, iu an increase in nervous diseases it must be remembered that small-pox or typhoid does uot kill as frequently as it did 50 years ago, and that on this (re count nervous diseases and others such as gout, cancer aud heart troubles havo a longer time to make themselves felt, and in addition to this, morbid states receive much more attention than they formerly did. On the whole, the professor makes out a pretty good case, and seems inolined to throw any blame for the apparent increase in nervous diseases upon tho germs which have allowed thcmselvos to be discovered, and consequently destroyed, thus prolonging life, to be cut off at last by eenile decay. 