II AN NAN'S. (From uttr own Currespt.'iiileiit.) .November 21. At the police court yester.iay before Mr i\ Fielding, B.M., and Mr Thompson, JfP., Clement White was committed lor trial at the Court of Quarter Sessions to b_> held on December 11th at Coolgaidie :o answer a charge of indecent assault. Bail wa= accepted, accused in £200. arid two numtir* of £200 each. The weather yesterday would have tried the patience of Job an-1 the const itution of a Samson. The heart was scorching aud the dust terrible. Towards afternoon the eky clouded over and it. was Loped taiu would fall, but only a few drops condescended to descend, and as one townsman put it this was only the weather sweating. At night time the wind had increased to half a gale and the dust was horrible Nothing was sacred from the visit of the dust fiend, which, like a ghost, found its way through every wall and roof, giving the interiors of dwelling and offices a coating of feri urinous particles collectcd from the stieets aud back yards cf the town. When lamps weie lifhted they looked like f=o many glow worms in the murky atmosphere. I understand that Sir John Forrest has decided to decline the honor of being banquetted during bis visit to the goldfitMp. It would be very unpleasant for him to find that the gatherings were by no means representative, and Sir John is a man who «ioe;n't care to put himself in the way of a snub. This would certainly be the case in Coolgardie if he accepted the ill-advised invitation of his few supporters there, and though in this town he might find a proportionately warmer welcome, it is likely that the list of representative men would be extremely limited. The Mayor has telegraphed to the Premier the order of the reception pro- gramme, but has in effect intimated that if it doen't suit" it kin be altered." The probability is that the banqnet portion will be eliminated. Mr. Percy Fielding, acting-Magistrate, who, with Mr. Thompson, J.P., heard a charge of indecent assault laid against a townsman, yesterday passed some severe and decidedly extra-judicial strictures upon the Kalgoorlie Home Missionary, Mr. Moffat. Mr Fielding Said —" The evidence of Moffat, the Home Missionary, we consider most unsatisfactory, and his action when he found those boys nnder the circumstances described, we consider to be utterly contemptible. Iu fac*, we consider him unfit to be a member of civilised society." We understand that Mr, Moffitt intends to demand an explanation and apolofey from the magistrate. If that be not forthcoming, he will take his complaint before the Minister in charge of the Justice Department The arrangements for the jeception of the Premier are in good hands. Sir John Forrest will find that those who are conducting the affair are perfectly satisfied that on the whole he has been a benefactor to the people of the mining districts. It would be jnst as well, however, if the Premier were to understand that the self-constituted leaders of this bow aad scrape affair do not represent public opinion. "One swallow does not make a summer." At the Police Court this morning, Mr. Pilkiogton, solicitor for the defendant charged with having committed a criminal assault, drew the attention of the bench to a paragraph which had appeared that morning in the KalgonrlieMrN T ERcommentingupon the case whilst sub judice. This paragraph, Mr. Pilkington said, was a gross contempt of court. It stated that the evidence disclosed, that the indecencies were practiced, and proceeded to comment upon the case. There was also an article dealing, with the action of the Bench in hearing the case with closed doors the previous day. This was calculated to prejudice public opinion against his client, and was distinctly a contempt Of eourk, which should be dealt with by their worships. After deliberation Mr. Fielding announced that with regard to the paragraph complained of, the Bench would take further action. . The chairman of the Town Council (Mr. John Wilson) despatched the following telegram to Sir John Forrest yesterday:—To the Hon. the Premier, Sir John Forrest, Coolgardie : Arrangements for reception are as follow- : Town Council will officially welcome you on arrival on Friday. On Saturday X have arranged for you to spend day inspecting all of the most important mines. Messrs. Thomson, J.P., and Varden, Brown HiJlj will accompany you on visit of impaction. A deputation from townspeople and goldfield will meet you after you have inspected mines, say 4 p.m. At 8.30 p.m., Saturday evening, public. banquet will be tendered you by peop'e of Kalgoorlie and goldfield. Hope arrangements are satisfactory to you If not. wire alterations.— (Signed) JOBS WILSON, M^yor. 