PROLOGUE. A wilti^ night on the Atlantic this Christmas Eve, 1788— bitterly cold sud tempestuous— for it was the most severe winter of many a long winter in England. The River Thames at London was ice-locked, and carriage Traffic went on there the same as upon tiie streets. A winter of fresh, en joyments and novelties for the .weal thy, but unutterable misery for the poor, for the ^winters of England have always been the nightmare of the in digent. Down by the Land's End the tre mendous waves were lashing and swirling about under the cold moon light like shrieking maniacs, rushing madly past the Scilly Islands — great mountains of black and white — and breaking their giant strength against i the butting and overhanging cliffs, ' that only frowned sullenly as they ! received upon their foreheads the | yeasty fury, which clutched at them I for a moment and then fell 'away, leaving them with glistening points i tiad inky^ shadows, as they had been I 'isefore-rcalm and relentless under that Unclouded December moon. Close by these rugged cliffs, and in side a little hollow of the snowcov ered ground, stood a rickety hovel made up of roughly-placed-together stones, the crevices plastered with clay, overlapped' by a roof of peat, and with window and door of the most primitive description. It had been erected in this isolated spot, by some needy misanthrope, who had become sick of fighting for existence with his fellow wolves, and had retired here to die by himself. Outside this hut it was comfortless enough in any wea ther, but to-night desolate beyond com parison. Inside, without any light, except what stole through the unpro tected apertures from the moon, fire less and furnitureless, it was a scene of black desolation, where Giant Des pair might well have sat and brooded upon his hopeless victims. At the hole which served for a win dow, the tiny white face of a boy, ap parently about three years old, peered forth, watching with dreary fascina tion the white spray which at Intervals dashed high into the darkened space beyond the snow-covered cliff ledges. The boy was shivering violently, as he tried to keep his rags together over his little, starved, naked body, while he listened to the awful inhuman sounds -which broke from the furthest corner of the hut, and mingled with the shrieking of tiie breaking waves outside. Fearful sounds they were, like the howllngs of ra.bid beasts, intermixed with blasphemies in broken English and French, with now aad again a few connected sentences to prove that they came from the lips of a human being, and not the jawe of a wild beast. A madman in the dai'k, dying hard, and a starving child in the light lis tening, but without any outward signs of fear, to what might have well ap palled the stoutestTriature heart 'Aha! auozer of ze tousand devils caught and strangled. What a crowd of black curs to tackle one man — dere — dere— keep off, you black wretches! keen off! I sav: keen off!' and the hoarse voice rose to a horrible yell as he struggled with his imaginary ene mies, while the boy at the window, between the two deliriums of nature and man, watched with pitiful quiet ness the white fury of the dazzling spray outside, for he was, used to both paroxysms, and felt no fear of either. 'Gentlemens, your health. You are Englese and I am French, but dat matters not. We are good comrades to-night, for rhave ze money to treat Tou all, and so I am ze master, ho! You Englese are better when yoii have ze masters over you than-' when you are ze masters. Ypn are iievar T&ry; pleasant feven in your cups, but for all dat, drink and ket^»\out'your cut sed fogs. ' Ugh! how it,igeis down one's throat, dis eurSed-.fog, which is given to you* like misfortune, io keep you down. Ho! ho! Ze Englese fog for ze Engleseman. I tell ' -you yat, gentlemens, 'if. you have : had it all your own ways, the world would, not be nearly big enough to hold one quar ter of you. You are such a mighty na tion In your own opinions, so ze devil gives you masters to ride over you, and damp fogs to keep you from grow ing too eocky^ Bah! t)at for you. and your miserable island!'* ~ ' ' ' - The hoarse voice rang with mock ery as it flung out its taunts to the imaginary pothouse audience; then, changing abruptly to a whimper of fear, it mumbled — 'Amelia, what do you want coming back from ze grave to me with such a horrible face? I did not kill you. I was kind, when I could, for I loved you always. It was misfortune which killed you, not me. Could I help it if we had no money to buy food? It was ze cursed Englese who robbed me. Ha! dat was not ze ghost of Ame lia, after all, but a laughing devil who wore her face. Now they are coming again, and I have got to fight. Will it never be over — now — now-uow. Curse it, how they crowd up! Keep back ze snakes and ze rats, and I'll fight all ze devils. Oh! Oh!! Oh!!! What is it you are giving me? Brandy? No: it is liquid fire, and it burns me like flames of hell!' Still the boy kept quiet while that awful battle was going on in the dark corner, and the ocean roared outside; the man with his arniy of demons, and the waves against the iron rocks. So the hours stole on to midnight, and the moonbeams left the window and came round to the roof of the hut. 'Amelia, don't look so stern. I try my best to keep from ze drink for your sake and his — our boy — but I could not.' The hoarse voice had now sunk down to a feeble whisper of en treaty. 'For mine wife and son, but ze devil was too strong, and now you axe both taken from me,-and 1 am left alone to die like a dog in this hole! Amelia, Amelia, don't go; don't leave me! Paul! Paul!' 'Yes, father,' came the voice of the little boy, as he left his stand by the now darkened window and crawled re luctantly towards the thin streak of light which broke through a hole in the peat roof like a thread of silver, and fell upon one of the glaring orbs of his father. 'What is it, father?' repeated the child, going nearer to that spot of light, yet ready to run back, even while he approached. But no sound came, no reply, and no motion; the eye remained still and staring, like a polished metal button' upon which the thread-like moon-ray reflected brightly, leaving all else in total blackness and shadow; while outside the waves roared and dashed in their insane fury against the over hanging resisting cliffs, pitching up their spent fumes into the midnight background like the thin, white, ghosts of dead and gone Christmases. CHAPTER I. It was in the autumn of 1839 that Paul Langly, member of the Society of Friends, millionaire, and ex- convict, returned from Australia to end his days in England, satisfied with the money he had honestly accumulated, and universally respected, not only for his great wealth, but for the manly, open life which he had led. month that Paul landed— a crisis through which the country was pass ing, as it is doing at the present 'time, when the almighty people opened their many mouths, and uttered almost as deep and ominous a growl for their rights as they are now uttering. The British Lion was justly angry, and, when he does wake thoroughly up, his frightened owners must give him whatever he desires. A large-minded but sleepy and eas jly-led animal is this lion, and an ani mal who takes a good deal of starving q^nd prodding about before he can cast aside his natural sloth, but when once he does wake up thoroughly, he makes the whole universe re-echo with his mighty roaring, and must have the square meal which he de/nands before he will again settle down to his fifty years of torpid rest. Alexandrina Victoria I. had just re gun her pleasant reign; Francis Al bert Augustus Charles Emanuel, look ing round for peace — as the latter por tion of his many names implies — was casting his eyes in the direction, of this German El Dorado, and making up his mind to a fair exchange of high-sounding but empty titled for full coffers, and easy lines, as the Prince Consort of a fine young Queen over whose empire the sun ever shines. London was busily preparing for the coming marriage feasting and cere monies; that is, the London which shows off its tinsel on Lord Mayor's Day eastward, and the Court dress maker's westward, of Temple Bar. This portion of London had great rea son to, be happy, along with the crowds of titled foreigners, who were rushing in hot haste from the Father land. But for all that, the angry Lio-n was lashing its tail, and utter ing savage growlings of. discontent, which could be plainly heard above the dashing of the brazen cymbals. Over England, and throughout her dis tant colonies, there were rebellions, and rumors of sufferings, strained.' past the limit of human endurance. Paul Langly, at the time our story opens,- was within a few months of being 55 years of age; a strong man, physically- and mentally. He had passed through a strict training in the school of life since the fault of his youth, which had made a convict of him. For twenty-four years he had striven to atone for this early slip in the path of rectitude, and was ac-. knowledged by all who knew him to have wiped his elate clean— if it is in the power of any man to erase the Bcratchings from such a slate. For twenty-four years he had faced live world with a manly robust front, never attempting to eOver up the past, but proving by every action, as so many of the- early enforced colonists did, that a man Is by no means lost who has been convicted. He told all his past to anyone interested in listening to it; for in the society -it which he was a member evasion is one of the cardinal ;;yices. . A plain enough story as lie told it in his ^straightforward style, with his massive head thrown back, and his sun-tanned but dear-cut features flushing as if with shame at the fault, which he was too proud to palliate In .the ^slightest degree. It wasai ways to new acquaintHinces that he told it, bo that they might 'etaxt fair and square with him, .and be tinder 'no false impressions. Amongst his old friends he was dignified and out spoken, helping them freely if they required it, either with his advice or with his purse; lenient upon default ers who showed any signs of contri tion, but remarkably keen in his ob servation and correct in his conclu sions upon most matters. In the co lonies the name of Paul Langly was good enough at the head of any specu lation for the most cautious mam to risk his money in it as a safe invest ment, and for the twenty-four years of his colonial life lie had never been known to take an unfair advantage over either friend or ill-wisher. 'I was born near Penzance, Land's End, Cornwall,' he would begin, 'in the year 17S4, and brought up at a charity school; iriy mother, who was a Jersey woman and subject to epilep tic fits, died soon after my birth, while my father, who was a native of France and a sailor, died when I was between 3 and 4 years old, from de lirium tremens, so that I had not much to boast about in the matter of parentage, the home of my childhood being a scene of misery and destitu tion. 'Up to 14 years of age I was kept at school— longer than most boys are usually kept—through the kindness1 of the guardians, who, seeing that I was attentive to my studies and docile in my behavior, raised me to the rank of pupil-teacher, so that I had many opportunities of improving myself which I would never have had if my parents had lived. ?'When I was 14 I entered the ser vice of a widow who kept a general store, my duties being to help at the counter and keep her books. She was a Quakeress, and a most generous mistress, who treated me as if I had been her son, during the six years that I stayed in her service, and taught me by precept and example the principles of her faith; eo that be- j fore I left her I joined the Society of Friends, who, when I wished to i go to London, In order to better my condition, furnished me with let ters of introduction, so that I had no difficulty in getting a good situation as shopman with a large linen-draper there. 'While here I met my wife, who was the housemaid in the establish ment, and whom I married,, after which, getting aai offer from a whole sale chemist and druggist as traveller for the firm (also a member of the so-' ciety), I left, along with my wife, the linen-drapery business for the other, which was more suited to my taste — chemistry being a passion of mine, to t*t'Iii/»1i T IikiijI *\ arryx-i-gsjt -all ititt laicnra moments from the time that I quitted school. 'For the first five years I honestly endeavored to do my duty to my em ployer, and to myself as a member of the society to which I belonged, and also -to the faithful companion wno had preferred me to the other shop men. If I had not been compelled to absent myself from my home so much on the business of the firm, I might have done all right, and gone on quietly bettering my condition, and' kept the respect which I had gained of my employer, who trusted me in everything, and who even spoke of rewarding my services by ft partner ship; but in an evil hour I gave way, and lost all that I had so earnestly striven after. 'These were the years of Nelson and Bonaparte, when war and dreams of glory disturbed the whole of Europe, and men lived day after day in a fe ver of excitement. Business suffered, of course, for men did-not care to give large orders, or hurry themselves to pay accounts, when they knew ' not the day nor the hour «that the little Corsioan despot might be in posses sion of their island, and all order turned into chaos. 'I tried to do my best for the house which I represented during these un certain times, yet that best was but little, for I was carried away by the fever of the moment, and as I rushed about ithe country I thought more up on the news coming daily from the Peninsula than upon my drugs and commissions; but this at the time would ihave passed without notice, for my old master was nearly as much fired up as even a young man. like myself could be. 'One wild winter night in the be ginning of February, 1813, I was rid ing homeward over Hampstead Heath as fast as a good, but sorely tired, horse could carry me, in the face of a. blinding snowstorm. The news of Napoleon's deieat at Moscow was then filling London with speculations as to the future, and I had not been lucky that day; in fact, I had only about fifteen shillings in my pocket, twelv% and six pence of which belonged to my mas ter. 'I bent my head to the piercing blast, and urged my jaded' horse on wards, for I wanted to take my sup per art; home, where my rosy-cheeked wife would be waiting 'up expecting me; my head filled with the great do ings abroad of Lord Wellington and his allied armies. Already over be yond where I rode I could see the sky lighten up to a dun- colored glow about where the vast city lay, and then I knew that very soon I would see the miamy' lights of London, when just at that moment I beard a loud outory in front of me, with the sound of the firing : of blunderbusses, the loud cry of 'Stand and deliver!' from the footpads, mingled with the terri fied shrieking of women. ' in another moment I was in their midst, shouting out to imaginary ri ders behind me to hurry, up 'and cap ture the gang, and letting out right and left with 'Hie butt-end of my rid ing whip, my horse trampling them about as I rode amongst them, strik ing wherever I saw a head or a dark object to strike at. 'My sudden appearance had caused a panic amongst the highwaymen, who were but sorry ruffians at the best, half-starved gaol birds; without a mount amongst them. As I rode through them, 4hey Scattered on. every side and disappeared, with foulmouth ed execrations and a fluttering of tat ters, into the snow-fllied darkness. The stage coach for that journey *m* safe, and I had, good company for the rest of my way. 'After the lamps, which had been extinguished in the melee, were re lighted, and the passengers assured that all danger was over, we proceed ed on our journey, my horse cantering alongside of the coach, while I passed the time looking in through the win dows and watching the lamp-beams play over the features of the compo sing company inside with fitful gleams and flashes. , 'There were four on the seat oppo site to where I rode, and I fancy five with their backs to me. Three out of the four whose faces I could note had nothing particularly characteristic about them to make me remember them all these lapse of years— an old gentleman, with white hair and thin side whiskers, the lower portion of his face well muflled up; a purple-nosed rector sat beside him, also making himself as comfortable as he could do under the circumstances with rugs and wraps, as rectors will do upon all such occasions; and an elderly, angu larly- built female, who sniffed up her pointed nose and wheezed during the entire journey, with a very ill-used ex pression pervading her entire being; while the backs, heads, and shoulders of those nearest to me expressed the same sentiment, a general character istic of John Bull when he has grown respectable enough to be able to afford first or second class seats during a journey. 'It was the fourth passenger who attracted me most, and from whom I could hardly take my eyes after the first glance. A young girl of about 15, with a face white almost to ghast liness, which even the ruddy light of the oil lamp could not impart warmth to, yet with a baby-like softness about it which made her appear even youn ger than she really was. 'Her eyes looked dark in the uncer tain light of the lamp, which, however, shone upon a single tress that had be come loosened from under her hood, like pale gold. I found out afterwards that the eyes were not dark, but of that peculiar light grey which be comes luminous and green when the owners are excited or animated. 'I was at this time just entering upon my 26th year, and had hitherto lived soberly as became a member of the Society of Friends, loving my young wife in a moderate way, and feeling no stronger desires than an even-minded, healthy-bodied man in the nrst flush of a strong manhood ought to feel. I had seen no woman -whom I could prefer to my own dear wife. I felt no inclination towards vice of any sort. I had enough money to satisfy all my cravings, in the libe ral wages which my employers gave, so that my ambitions and desires went no further than to do my duty, live morally, help humanity wherever I could, and stand fair with all' men. 'But at the sight of that pallid baby face, another spirit which was foreign to my nature, seemed to enter into me and take possession of me. My mouth became parched and my tongue dry, while my heart beat hard and quickly, as if I had been running a long dis tance; my hands and head became so hot that I was forced to doff my gloves and hat and let the icy wind play over them as I rode along, looking through the misty window, with a suf focating sensation at my throat. 'Once or twice our glances met, for she was watching me as I was watching her. Whenever this thing happened she smiled gratefully upon me as her deliverer, a smile which filled the lower pai-t of her soft face with dimples, and set my heart throb bing as it had never throbbed be fore. 'Through the busy streets we rat tled and clattered, getting nearer to our destination. All the while I was wishing that the journey could be prolonged, for without knowing it, I had forgotten business and home, and only felt as if I was in the midst of a delicious dream. 'Then we came to our journey's ead, and the passengers got out one by one, each thanking me warmly for what they called my bravery, and giving me their cards so that we might renew our chance acquaintance ship. 'She got out last, and, after thank ing me as the others had done, gave me her card, upon which I read — Mrs. PRISCILLA GAUNT, with an address at the other side of the city from where we then were. 'She was a married woman, then. -A singular thrill passed over me as I noted this, after which I paused with the diffidence of a young man not much accustomed to the society of la dles, holding unconsciously her little hand still in mine, she looking up to my face with the witching innocent smile, her clear grey eyes looking into mine quietly; then I spoke words, com mon-place enough, but which damned me for ever. ' ' 'Thou hast someone to meet thee, Priscilla Gaunt, hast thou not?' ' 'No, sir. I live alone at present. My husband is abroad at the wars.' 'The rest of my actions were altoge ther opposite to what I had ever done before. Flinging the reins of my horse to an ostler standing near, I told him to put it up for the night; then caling one of the street hacks, I hand ed the lady in, and, taking my 'place beside her, gaye the driver his di rections, and so— drove away ' to her home and from my own. (To be continued.) 