LITERARY NOTES. The words on Professor Huxley's grave stone appeared in a poem written by Mrs. Huxley, and were placed over him by his own request. Though we have already published them, they are worth repeating:— " Anil if there lie no meeting past tlic.grave, If all is darkness, silence, yet 'tis rest, he not afraid, yc waiting hearts that weep, For God stilt • giveth his beloved sleep,' And if an endless sleep He wills—so best." A new book by Mr. J. F. Hogan, M.P., under the title of The Sitter Dominions, may be expected at the beginning of October (says the Athenaeum). It will deal with the personalities he interviewed and the places he visited during his tour of Canada and Australia, which occupied the whole of the last Parliamentary recpss. Messrs. Ward and Downey are the London publishers. Australian and Canadian editions will be issued. That was a strange impulse which led Pepys to keep a diary in shorthand of his jDjwn invention, and write down in it secrets Which he would not have liked even his most intimate friends to read. The work so com posed lias coine down to our days, the cypher in&e; been found out, and all the secrets laid h»rA A complete edition has recently been published, Pepys recorded among other things his little acts of love-making—he was fond of flirting, though a married man, and lie obtained many sly kisses from Mrs. Betty Michel, likewise married. Prudence rescued Samuel from adventures which might have got hiro into a scrape. Here is a speci men in mixed French and English:— " After the play . . , had a mind to have taken oat Knipp to have taken the air with her, and to that end sent a porter in to her that she. should take a coach and come to me to the Piazza in Covent-garden, where I waited for her, but was doubtful I might have done ill in doingitif we should he vistiensemble, sed elle was gone out, and so I was eased of my care, and therefore- away to Westminster to the | Swan, and there did baiser la little misea, and drank, and then by water to the Old I Sivan, and there found Betty Michell sitting] at the door, it being darkish. I staid and | talked a little with her, but no once baiser la, i though she was to my thinking at this time une de pins pretty mohers that ever I did voir in my vida, and God forgive me, my mind did run sobre elle all the vt-spre and night ] and ia day suivante." Another entry by Pepys in his diary tells how he found pretty Mrs. Betty coy. Having | met her and her husband at the Swan, Westminster, "old Michell and his wife i come to see me, and there we drank I and laughed a little, and then the! young ones and I took boat, it being | line moonshine. I did to my trouble ate all | the way that elle did get as close a su marido | as elle could, and turn her mains away quand je did endeavour to take one. So that f had no pleasure at all con elle ce night. When we landed I did taae occasion to send him back a the bateau, while I did get a baiser or ] two, and would have taken la by la hand, but elle did turn away, and quand I said shall I not toucher te answered ego no love touch ing, in a slight mood. I seemed not to take | notice of it, but parted kindly." Dr. Wiiliam Ramsay has been searching ] for relics of ancient Phrygia, &c.; The dis coveries made so far are described in the Cities and Bishoprics of Phryyia, vol. 1., The Lycos Valley (Clarendon Press). How far back Phrygian history goes is shown bys story in Herodotus. Psammetichus, King of I Dgypf, fit a couple of babes under the charge of a shepherd, ordered that no man 6hou'd speak to them, and that they should he fed on goat's milk for two years, when,. their "wailings withoot sense" having ceased, the shepherd was to note the first | word they Bpoke. That word was bekos, which was said to be the Phrygian name for | 'bread"; and hence Psammetichus was i satisfied, not only of the antiquity of the Phrygians over the Egyptians, hut of their having "come into being before all other men." On the part played by animals in the Phrygian mysteries (says the lllustraled London News) Dr, Ramsay has much of interest to say. The sacredness of the goat was an especial feature; among the Greeks that animal was sacrificed to Dionysus, who was jn some places represented and wor shipped under its form. The drama grew out I M-the festivals in his honour, and the dustoin of offering a goat to the gods before the choral hymn was sung gave rise to the term trujudia (Gr. tragos, a he-goat), whence | our word " tragedy." I picked up (writes CJ.K.S. in the Illustrated \ London News) an interesting little Lamb treasure the other day, not, I think, generally known to collectors of Charles Lamb's works. Everyone has heard of the first edition of Prince Dorus, or Flattery Put Out of Countenance, which was published by Godwin, "price Is. 6d. coloured, or la. plain." Prince Dorus now sella for £40 fh the coloured form.. Godwin not only -published this rare treasure by Lamb, bat he. published the first edition of 'Tales from Shahepere in two volumes in 1809. One pays £30 for a good copy of these two volumes now. But ray new find is, I think, even rarer. It is three little chap-books bound up together, and these were published in Godwin's Juvenile Library. They consist Of "Cymbeline,"" " A Midsummer Night's Dream," and " Othello," three of Charles Laaib's "Tales from Shakspere," but they do not bear Lamb's name. They, however, bear the date 1811. If they had been pub lished two years earlier than (he Tales from Skaksnere, instead of two years later, they wonld indeed be priceless. Whkrb some writers of « ate live is told by'! the Westminster Gazette:—" Mr. Thomas j Hardy, lives in ; the heart of his beloved , Wessex, at the quaint town of Dorchester^ Mr. George. Meredith has a charming oh&let; oh Box Hill, near- Dorking. .Mr. Winter Besant has builthimselfa cbmmddioush]>qse in Frogrial-gardens, Hamnatead, and ih nis neighbourhood are Dr. Parker and' many otherthinkers and writere. ' Mrs. Wi & Glifford, author of Aunt AwkjjnoStlyspends hfer days ip.'5 Kehsihgtoh. occugionallyvisitinir Haslemere, #hTch^sW^M^^p hab#iri;berjfcd01fc^^ ifjfefcjjjt to be ^^^^^mdaor. where shewst more than once visited hy the; Queen, but now lately she h?s beep writing in the south of France. Mr. Kudyard Kipling has his home at Battleboro', ^ in the United States. Mr. George Gissiag affects Surrey; he used. to five at Brixton, but has pone to Epsom. Mr. Barrie gave his address wittily to M. Zangwill once in these words:—'I am always at Kirriemuir, except when the papers say so.' Kirriemuir is the original of 'Thrums.' Mr. JaraPi Payn has for months been missed from his favourite haunt, the Reform Club. Ik resides in Maida Vale, where he has been a prisoner owing to ill-health for some time. Mr, William Black alternates, like Mr. G. A. Sala, between Brighton and ihe metropolis. Mr. Blackmore cultivates apples and pears to the distraction of the boys at Teddington, where he is literally 'known by bis.fruit.' Mr. Grant Allen favours ffindhead, near Haslemere, with his presence. He haB built himself a house not very far from where the late Prof. Tyndall lived. Mr. Swinburne, with his close friend MA Theodore Watts, lives on Putney Heath, over which he may often be seen striding. Mrs. Humphry Ward has left Haslemere for Tring." The Kafirs—a mountain people living between the Himalaya range and the Hindoo Kush—are reported Ly Sir George Robertson, British agent at Gilgit, to be excessively fond of dancing. " Kafirs dance when they are happy and when they are plunged in grief at the death bf relatives. When anyone is sorely hurt from an accident, or wheh he is sick or dying from small-pox" Ci some -other disease, people congregate fn his -rbora to amuse him, 1 was told ; but myown tder is that it is to lielp the individual's* rfcovei. ■ that it is a form of supplication to "the gods. At funeral ceremonies people caper about while the team may be streaming down their cheeks. The Kafir gods are propitiated by songs, dancihg, and feasting, which in cludes sacrifices, and never in any other way." A religious dance is a most elaborate performance. It is per formed by the men; and to the music of tiny drums and reed-pipes they dance to the honour of each god until they have gone steadily through the long list" At the first bpat of the drums and squeak of the wind instruments all the dancers begin to trot round the building, some with swoops like old-fashioned waltzing, others going side ways, fast or slow, according' to taste. On one occasion I noticed particularly one huge man. His idea of the tiling was a high actioned step which brought his knees alternately to the level of his waist. He did nothing else, but went round and round with an air of complete self-satisfaction on his * face." The principal occasions on which the sea serpent lias been seen are recorded in the Strand Magazine for September:—" In August, 1S48, by the officers and crew of II.M.S. Doedalus. In lat. 241eg. S. and Ion. 9<leg. E. 'something very unusual was sighted ; and it proved to be an enormous serpent, with head and shoulders kept about 4ft. through the water.' The diameter of the serpent was about loin, behind the head, which was, without any doubt, that of a snake ; and it was never, during the time 3 it continued in sight, once below the surface of the water ; its colour, a dark brown .with white about the throat. It had no fins, but something like the mane of a horse, or a bunch of seaweed, about its back. In July, 1875, Captain Drevar, of the barque Pauline, testified before a magistrate, together with his officers and crew, that they had wit nessed a fight between a sea serpent and a whale. A monster sea serpent was seen coiled twice round a large sperm whale ; his bead and tail parts, each about 30ft. long, acting as levers andtwisting itself and victim around with great velocity. Another famous observation was that of Captain Cringle, of the steamship Umfuli, in 1893, a little south of the Canary islands. ' It was rushing through the water at great speed, and was throwing water from its breast as a vessel throws water from its bows. I saw full 15ft. of its head and neck on three several occa sions.' Dr. F. Matheson, of London, in Sep tember, 1893, was sailing on Loch Aleh, which separates the Isle of Sfcye from the mainland, when ' suddenly I saw something rise out of the loch in front of us—a long, straight, neck-like thing as .tall as my mast. Then it l>egan to draw its Reek down, and I saw clearly that it was a large sea monster, of the saurian type, 1 should think. It was brown in colour, shining, and with a sort of rufiieatthe junction of tlie head and neck. I can think of nothing to which to compare it so well as the head and neck of the giraffe, only the neck was much longer.'" To these cases might be added the monster seen at daylight from the deck of the U.S.S. Co.'s Rotomahana, between Napier and Auckland, off the coast of New Zealand. It afterwards proved to be a floating tree, which had turned over as the steamer passed. • A correspondent wrote a short time back asking if there were such things as sightless fish. In Knowledge for September there is a paper describing several kinds fit fish, nil inhabiting cave or subterranean waters, which have no eyes. " By.far the moBt cele brated among these is the weU-knowa blind fish (Amblyopsis .apeliea), whichV feaB been taken in both the Mammoth (Kentucky) and the Wyandotte (Indiana) caves, as well as in the intervening subterranean waters. This fish is the typical representative of a small family allied to the cyprinodonts, which are themselves- relatives of the carps. It is quite destitute of external eyes, and its body is completely colourless; hut its sense of hearing is extraordinarily developed. In the'typical form this fish has a small pair of pelvic fins, but in some examples (which have been referred to a distinct genns under the nameof Typhlichthys) these are wantine. The maximum length is Sin. Ejpofessor Cope writes that if these fish ' be ndpSlaxmed they come to the surface to feed and swim in full sight like white aquatic ghosts. They ate then easily taken by the hand or net, if perfect silence is observed, for they are unconscious of the presence of an enemy except through the medium of hearing. This sense is, however, evidently very acute, for at any noise they turn suddenly downward, and hide beneath stones, itc., at the bottom. They must take much ot their food near the surface, as the life of the depths is apparently very Sparse.'!' , An English fruit-grower, who oontributes nix article to Chambera' Journal orihawks as fruit-watchers, states, as the result .of his ^ovrit experience, that the merlin, ■ the Sparrow-hawk, and the kestrel flan.be taWed ahd made as docile as spaniels for the.pur pose named, it taken young from, the pest, carefully fed, and wall pbpustony$'$9 some MQftd. dr. whistle. 'i^^gar^et^ Catchers are the a£he peregrine is St.. %eiitt litrong%i0gw. .3wfthS;'*:ih; the 614 ' dix^ tS;_ tamlhgof hawks was, of oomse,aiajnUi»r PtactVoe. 