AN ACTOR'S PRIZE. " I must confess a sentimental tenderness, really feminine, regarding the treatment of dependent dumb animals," Colonel Meredith said, with a sudden gravity in his jolly voice. He was leaning luxuriously back in his chair, engrossed, like a certain his-' torical personage once upon a time- in an effort to puff the rings of his cigar smoke over a particular jet of the low hung chandelier. " I hare sometimes found this ' sen timental tenderness so really feminine' to be conspicuous for its non-existence. I have known women who were more unfeeling towards dumb beasts than ever the most cruel man could be;" sniffed the cynical Carrisford, who was a confirmed bachelor, and, professedly, a woman hater. " My dear fellow we're not discuss ing that point," said the Colonel, "I mentioned my own feelings on\ the subject inadvertently. I was thinking , of an incident whicji ' somewhat in creased my respect for our four-footed friends — that's ell." "Oh, so there's a story, is there, Colonel ?" exclaimed Jim Hawly, light ing a fresh weed and settling himself as an auditor. We — Colonel Meredith, a popular theatrical manager ; Carrisford, a more or less successful play wright ; Jim Hawly, a favorite young comedian ; and myself, Dick Searle — had supped together in Carrisford's sumptuous bachelor apartment. The latter possessed a handsome fortune, and was not compelled to depend upon his literary productions for a living. The above fragment of conversation occurred while; we were chatting over our host's excellent cigars and coffee. The Colonel had a very happy faculty of narration.- And as upon several previous occasions lie had entertained .us with' his charming stories we were eager enough now for tho incident to which he had alluded. The Colonel needed little urging. , After hanging the third -ring of smoke with wonderful accuracy over the point of liis aspirations he began. The strange . story which ho ' then related to us I will repeat as nearly as' possible in his own words. '# I had a fine company oh tho road at the time, and- the- play which gained us the best houses' through the pro vinces was a serio-comic piece with a number of blood-curdling situations. ' The horse which the play required, in certain scenes, and which wo had taken with us, suddenly diedj and I have forgotten just why, but I know we had a great deal of difficulty in - getting another animal which would be even in the least suitable. ;; Finally, after no end of vexation and delay, a substitute wns procured by our leading man, who himself rode the horse on the stage. - I think I never saw a more ugly-' looking quadruped. , In color it was some grimy nonde script between a cream and a. roan. Naturally rather undersized, it had been starved until it was scarcely, more than a skeleton, and in spots the: bare, scarred flesh showed the welts from an unsparing whip. With its gaunt head, its prominent joints and dejected aspect, it looked znoro like the caricature of a horse . than like a living animal.- " By the great Bucephalus I ; , Where, in the name of Bosinante did you get that walking spectre," I- exclaimed!- The young actor's name was Launce Richmond. ' Ha was a handsome fellow, with a sinewy and symmetrical frame, a statuesque head, tawny hair and blue eyes, and .a skin as delicately pink and white as a woman's, and, besides his physical attractions, he was as fine a fellow as ever walked— on the stage or off it ! , My amusement seemed to mortify him ; but he was not the sort of young man to yield a point because of a moment's embarrassment, or because somebody was pleased to laugh at him. " All the horse needs is plenty of food and good grooming, and a littlo kindness," my young friend answered me "He's sound us a dollar ; the shape of his head indicates intelligence, and those quick eyes show that hard usage hasn't crushed his spirit altogether." " Well, if you can train him for tho required purposo I shan't grumble ; but I don't imagine you will over J make a beauty of your prize scare crow." J Launce had correctly judged his new possession. I In a month no one would have re- . cognised the beast, I His glossy coat in color was a lovely | dappled- cream, faintly patched with mahogany bay. His limbs were smooth , and supple. His intelligence was wonderful ; he was perfectly docile, and as playful as a kitten. With his gentleness and teachable qualities ho manifested towards his new master an affection almost human. About the time the animal was fully trained and everything was run ning smoothly one of our ladies secretly "folded up her tent and stole away," leaving us without notice or explanation. She was one of the principal char acters in the piece, the rival of the heroine in the play ; we had no one capable of acting her part, and we were in a bad predicament, as may bo supposed. We had not discovored her absence until we had assembled at the theatre for tho evening performance. And then somebody brought me a laconic message from her, stating that she had gone for good and all. While I was storming over the ill- luck and anathematising the runaway actress for her want of ordinary con sideration, a tall woman, closely veiled, was ushered upon the stage, where I was raging up and down like a mad man. "Well, mndamo ?' I said shortly. Before she spoke the newcomer darted a quick, furtive gianee in every direction and then removed her veil. The features disclosed were large and a trifle coarse, but not altogether unprepossessing. Her eyes were a steely blue, and her hair, which was very much crimped and frizzed, was a dark reddish brown. i There was something singular about' her v&ico.; I noticed it at ouoe, although I was too disturbed to" ponder over the matter, and - it failed to arouse my suspicions as it probably would have done at another time. !; She stated her errand in a few words. She was an actress, she assured me, and a' member of a company which had disbanded in a neighboring town. She had been informed of my difficulty, and she had come to offer herself for the part. As she had played in the same drama before, she was perfectly familiar with tho lines. To prove the latter assertion she' struck an attitude and quoted from a thrilling dialogue in the third act. A crowd was already collecting out side the theatre waiting for the doors to open, and it can be imagined with what relief I accepted the "services of the strange actress. I had stepped back of the stage with her, and had called somebody to con duct her to her predecessor's dressing- room, when I heard a gasp and the sound of a falling body. At the same instant I caaglit a smile upon the strange woman's face which almost made me jump. .. It was tho most startling expression of diabolical cunning add fiendish triumph I eversawin my life, As she disappeared iu the direction of the dressing-room, I' returned to the stage, anxious to learn tho meaning of the sound I heard. Brenda Evelyn, my ' star,, a most beautiful' and adorable girl, was lying , in a heap just outside he'wings. I was on the point of going over to her when Launce Bichmond suddenly sprung from the wings and lifted her in his arms. " My darling, what is it? What has happened to you?" ho cried in great, distress. She, was recovering from her faint, : but she was trembling violently. At his tender questions she began to cry piteously. The two had long been lovers. For some unknown reason Brenda had' continually hesitated about setting tho wedding day; but she had done so ;at last, and how they were -to be, married in a few months. " Ob, Lance, I'm afraid! , Oh, Lance, we nover ought to have 'loved each, other. : If anything harms, you now T shall die 1" she sobbed- distrnctodly. - " What has. frightened; you, sweet? You were happy as -a bird only a. moment ago,'' he asked her.- . She did not reply. She only clung" to him, -shuddering, murmuring inco herently, and weeping more pitifully than before. "It- wasn't that woman, who -was here with Meredith just now who has made you like this?" Launce queried suddenly. ; The girl pub her hands before her eyes, as if to. shut' out some awful sight. . .. . V ". " That was no woman 1 It was a ghost, and it means death to you or me to-night,"- she said, in a fearful whisper.. The appearance of a couple of scene .shifters interrupted the unsatisfactory' conference.',, ' And, still soothing her,, Launce led her away. . - "= - ' The incident, had perplexed me greatly, and I was seriously uneasy. I was impressed, vaguely and, yet powerfully, with a sense of tragedy in; the air. I could not get the fiendish smile of that strange woman out of my. thoughts for an instant. What did it signify ? What had she ever been to Brenda Evelyn, that the lovely young actress should fear her so intensely ! , These questions fairly haunted me. But the play of the evening pro gressed quietly enough. I noticed, however, that Bronda Evelyn did not regain her natural repose of manner, and that she was straining every nerve to maintain even a semblance of composure. I noticed, too, that Launce never ceased watching her with a perplexity and distress which he did not attempt to conceal. Meanwhile the new actress ren dered her part with admirable 'ability and oflbct. Indeed, she invested the character, which was that of an unloved and erring wife, with a pas sion which was almost fiercely real istic. And occasionally I detected her steely bine eye3 fixed upon the lovers, with that same expression of sneering triumph and devilish glee. i Bub everything passed pleasantly until nearly the end of the play. In that act the lover discovers his sweetheart bound to a rock, with the rising tide sweeping over her. As he gailops to her assistance he is con fronted by the wife he believes dead. The wife risks her life to prevent tho rescue of tho drowning girl, and perishes by being borne over the near cataract. It was a scene which always held the house in a thrilled and breathless hush. Now, as Launce, mounted on Sul tan — as ho called his new horse — was about to plunge into the mimic waves, a startled murmur ran from lip to Hpm The substitute actress had darted into view, leaping upon a projecting rock to prevent the rescue, as the play demanded at that juncture. It is doubtful if any person in the house saw what I saw. If they did, they very likely thought the peculiar movement was part of the play. It was Sultan's extraordinary be havior which had startled the audience. As I looked, I saw in one uplifted hand a long, thin blade, aimed straight for Launce's heart, the handle con cealed in the woman's sleeve. Shout ing a warning, I started towards him ; and it was then the shocked cry aroBe from tho house. Sultan backed violently, throwing the actress from the rock; and fasten ing- his teeth in her thick reddisn- brown hair. The next instant ho held in his jaws a wig, the removal of which uncovered the unmistakable head of a man ! With a snort of anger he dropped tiie artistic- head gear, seized the dis guised performer by the clothing be tween the shoulders, and shook the man nB a terrier shakes a rat, while the con cealed knife fell ringing to the floor. Launce had no control whatever over the hitherto obedient animal. As he sprang from the saddle Sultan shrewdly edged away beyond his reach. Then in a flash tho horse whirled and walked deliberatoly over to Brenda Evelyn, who stood as if turned to stone. ' With a snort of satisfaction, and a final energetic shake, he dropped his half senseless victim at the girl's feet. Then he turned and trotted across the stage to his master, whinneying softly, and thrusting his nose into Launce's hands, as if begging for his reward. It was all over in a second, before any person could interfere. The sympathies of the house were all with the performer who had been so fiercely attacked by the horse. Not one of the spectators beyond the footlights guessed that the intelli gent .creature had averted an awful tragedy and saved Launce Richmond's life. But the people on the stage knew it, and when the curtain was neces sarily rung down for a few minutes there was a scene behind tiie canvas in which the public had no share. The disguised villain was pretty badly hurt, but liis injuries were not severe enough to weaken his mur derous jealousy of Brenda Evelyn's lover. " I'm sorry I didn't kill you ! I'd have done it only for that cursed brute, and I'll do it yet if .ever I. get over this !" he snarled, as Launce ap proached him. . He. was a suitor whom Brenda had rejeoted long before. Ho had threatened her until 'she lived in mortal terror of him. It was ' her fear of him that had caused her to delay, her marriage with Launce so long. She had recognised him through his disguise. before the performance when he first presented himself to me. It was- her deadly terror of him which had caused her swoon, and her agita tion afterwards. Sho had kept her eyes upon him with suoli untiring vigilance that lie. had no opportunity to attempt, his mad deed until the close of the play. Her admiration for Sultan was un bounded. '. \- "You are a prize, you dear, old Sultan ; and we will keep you as long as you live," she exolaimed, with her arms around the neck of the equine hero. 1 Sho and Launce were married not long after that. The mad wretch who had attempted Launce's life did not survive until that blissful event. He was drowned! shortly after his 'release from the hospital, whither he was sent to fecover ' from Sultan's vigorous shaking. Sultan remained the pet of the compuny until his mistress left the stage for a happy homo life in a delightful little house of her own. I see him occasionally trotting sedately before a pony cart, whioh is just large enough to hold a couple of youngsters with Brenda's lovely black eyes and Launce's tawny curls. "I can trust my treasures with Sultan," the father soys, "He has been tried and not found wanting, Ho is a prize, if he did look rather disreputable at the beginning of our acquaintance." . . » ' 9 Colonel Meredith lighted a fresh cigar and hung a big blue ring of vapor with beautiful precision over a jet of the low chandelier. " Do you wonder, boys, that I have a tender feeling for dependent dumb animals ?" lie asked, quietly. 