Gawler South MiBsion. LECTUBE ON CHURCH HIStbfiY. The Mission-room in Gawler South was filled on Monday, August 26, when the Rev. : Arthur Chignell delivered the first of a series of popular leoturea on 'English Church History.' Althpogh the lecturer naturally treated his Bnbject from hia own religioas standpoint, yet the whole matter is of suffi cient interest and importance to encourage ns to offer onr readers a somewhat extended report of Mr. Chignell's remarks. He began by saying that there were two kinds of lantern lectures. Some are nearly all lantern and; very little lecture, while others are the other way about, all lecture and very little lantern. His was to be of the - latter : description, since he proposed to exhibit only a iew elides, bat to say a good deal about each of them. ;. The first slide represented the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the twelve Apostles and the Blessed Virgin on the day of Pente ooat, as reoorded in the Acts of the Apostles. Some sucb picture as this must come at the beginning of every lecture on Chnrch History, Binoethat was the birthday of the church, the day on which the Apoatle3 received the necessary power from on high to enable them to carry out the work Grod meant them to do. After Christ's ascension into heaven, the Apostles had not at once began to ejcaroise their office. Although their Master had: founded the churoh ; had given them authority to act- for. Him; and had instracted them how to act after His uDjuivuio, jro* u w»uut uiuuwu uajra wwi Christ went up to heaven that the. great event happened, whioh gave the Christian Church its real start in the -world. That event was the descent of God, the Holy Ghost, apon the church on the day of Pentecost. Between Ascension Day and Whitsun Day there is no record of the Apostles performing any minis terial aotions. They neither taught, bap tized, eonfirmed, drdained,' nor oelebrated the Holy EuohariBt. . All was in a state of sOBpense nntil the promised power should be theirs, which should' enable them to do all that ChriBt had bidden them. After the descent ol the Holy Ghost in sacramental form, that is to say, in outward and visible sign, all this was changed/ . Suspense was at an end. The Apostles at onoe began to carry ont all- the instructions which Christ had given them. They: immediately went forth to labor in all places, teaohing, bap tizing, confirming, celebrating the Holy Eucharist, and ordaining Dthers. - Sinoe, in the natural order of things, it was not God's will that these Apostles should remain always on the earth, it was necessary to provide ior the continuance of their work in the world. And so as Christ had ordained them to be His representatives when He left the earth, so the Apostles chose others to take their place when they in torn ware. withdrawn by death. This plan of con tinuing the. Apostles' .Ministry was to be carried on from ige to !age nntil the end of time. As a fact of history it has been carried on. It is now ne£rly4wb thousand years sinoe onr Lord's promise was made. Daring this long period, successors of the Apostles, first reoelving, and then in turn handing on , the Divine power and authority which Christ gave to the Twelve have never been wanting. This is what is meant, by the doctrine of the Apostolic Succession. Some people seem to think that when churchmen speak of the Apostolic Succession they mean some sort of magical power, which is passed on from the bishop to the man whom be ordains. But of course that is not what we believe.. It simply means that when a bishop lays his hands upon a man with the intention of ordaining him to be a deacon or a priest, he transmits to him And givea a visible sisn of such transmission the authority to minister in the congregation which he bad reoeived from those who are qualified to bestow it. By thiB means each ; bishop, priest, and deacon is brought into actual personal con tact with Christ, a resnlt which could hardly have been obtained by any other means. After explaining a picture of Stonn- henge, and giving some account of the religion of the Druids, Mr. Chignell spoke of the various legends which have existed as to th% dafte and method of the introduction or Christianity iato England. Those which assert that the Christian Chnrch was first planted there by S. James, the brother of John, by S. Simon Zelotes, by S. Peter, are not worth examining. It bad also been asserted that S. Paul preaohed Christ to the Britons, but this also was hardly more than conjecture. An aocount was given of the Roman occupation of Britain from about fifty years before Christ, until nearly 400, A.D., and a picture was shown of the kind ing of the Eomans. It is a historic fact that daring that time constant communication was maintained between England and. the capital of the Empire, where a flourishing Christian Churob existed, and what could be more likely than that the Christian faith was introduced into England by some of the many who came tbither from Rome, or by some who had been trading with the colonies in fclin ar.nt.h nf l?j»nnnn vharA nlan +.hai*A were Christians ? When a picture of S.Joseph's Chapel at GlsBtonbury was thrown upon the screen, the lecturer took occasion to mention yet another legend which professes to account for the planting of the Faith in England. Aooording to this account the Jews had a 8peoial enmity to SS. Philip, Lazarus, Martha, Mary, and Joseph of Arimathea, and banished them from Palestine. They went thence to Marseilles, where SS. Philip and Liz&rus; remained, but S. Joseph was seat with twelve companions and the holy women to Britain. They landed on the south west coast, and made their way to Glaaton bury, beariog with them the Holy Grail [i «. the Chalice wherein our Lord consecrated the wine and water at the institution of the Eobharist, and in which was said to be preserved some of the blood wbioh fell from the Siviour'a wound as He hung on the Cross.) On their arrival they preaohed to the people, and for a testimony pointed to S. Joseph's thorn staff, which blossomed and became a tree immediately after he had planted it in the ground near the place where they rested. ... Whereupon the King gave them .laud and allowed them to settle. No one believed all of this mythical story, but thia much is certain, that no plaoa in all England has ever attempted to rival Glaston bury as the site of the first British Christian settlement. When or by whom the first church there was built we shall never know for truth, but a more substantial structure was soon erected in place of the original humble and primitive one, which baa been added to, rebuilt, and restored from time to time, often at great cost and on a Bcale of great magnificence, as the lantern-picture of the uo«v ruined ohnrch Btill served to show. The next picture represented the death of S. Alban, the protom&rtyr; of Britain. He was a Roman soldier, of noble birth, who lived at Verulam, a few miles to the north ot London. At the. cdmirieccetneht of the general persecution : of Christians which began in 303, A. D ,? Alban gave shelter to Amphibalus, a Catholic prieBt, who was flying from the Roman officers, and after wards enabled him to escape by exchanging clothes with him. Before Amphibaiua bade farewell to his preserver, Alban had receive! soeh instruction in the truths of Christianity as made him determine, to die. rather than betray his guest. When brought before the judge, charged with concealing a blasphemer of the Roman godi, he avowed himself a convert to Christianity,' and refused in spite' of torture to barn incense at the 'heathen altars. He was therefore sentenced to death, and beheaded ^outside the city. On the spot where S. Albans was killed the Christians soon i rooted a church to his memory, which w«s replaced as time went on by larger and more magnificent struo t ires. A fine view was shown of the present ohorch at S. Alban's, which was uifcde a caihed*al in 1877- it has been ealarged fr- m tibe ts time m different ?tyle» of arehi ecture, ani the aolid-lookiog tower is built of Rom in bneks proonred f uio the views of tie neighbeuring oity of. Verulam. A picture was shown of kit that remaina of thtjsh-inea of Ami hibalufl and I his martyred convert, to both of whioh I pilgrimages . were made from all para cf j Ctiueteujbin for many succeeding genera- j tfoas. The same of S. Alban obooplei an \ loaored place in the calendar ot the JBngliabi: Church. -??-...??-.? ';.?; ??-.;?.. .*.?:.?;. ??-' Thelecturer exhibited views of a oonple of churches which are still ased for public worship, in: which the gospel lias been preached and the sacraments administered for tnbre than 1400 yean. . These were the churobes of S. Martin's at Canterbury, and; S. Mary in Dover Cartle. It was at S. Martini that the Italian mikBionaries, who, had at one time expected to find England wholly barbarian, actually found Christian ?ervioeB regularly performed. Both of these churches have, of couree, been restored and added to, but. that any .portion pf them exists at all, must be oonsidered a marvelloua intervention of providence, seeing that they, ooaolusively prova the antiqnity'«nd oon tinnous history of the Chnroh of Roman Britain. ? -. -. ; . . ,- / ., .,. -;:..''.:' '..'.?; Another slide represented the rains of the Church of S. Piran in Cornwall. These were discovered in the year 1835 on the aandsof the Coroisb coast not far from St Ivesi The little: ohuroh is supposed to have been ereoted u a monument to S. Piran, a friend and contemporary of S, Patrick,, a Cornish missionary who was- buried within its wall before the year, . A.D. . .500. At some time or other. It is not known when, the sand and shingle gradually cevered the walls of this, ohuroh, which consisted of a nave, and ohancel, haviag an altar of stone, and thus preserved them from decay. .'The bnilding .was found to measure 29 feet in length, 16^; feet in width, and 19 feet from the floor to the roof . . .'. Next was related: the history of S, Oolomba, an Irishman who was born of a noble race in county Donegal [in AD. 520. When he was thirty -four years old lie found himself an exile from his native cquntry. Together with twelve chosen companions he orosBed over.to.'Spottand in a boat made ; of wicker-work and covered with ox-hides. They blinded on a email island, separated by a etrait from the larger island of ? 'Mull. This island is now oalled Iona, and it is three miles long and one mile broad. Here a monastery waa founded, to which the whole of .northern Scotland and the myriad isles surrounding it owe their first knowledge of ' ChristiaBity. ' Colnmba and his com p&nioci;, with' this tiny island as their head quarters, Went out to preach to the people, add to teach them. The circumstances 'of the. death of S. Columba on June 9, AD. 597, are Birigdlarly touching He had been engaged in transcribing the 33rd Psalm, and proceeded to matins in the church soon after midnight, where before the altar he was discovered lying prostrate by his brother priestsaa they entered. Shortly before he died Columba uttered a remarkable prophecy, which in after years was exactly fulfilled. He declared that In succeeding ages not only Scottish kings, but monarcnB from foreign nations should come to the island, there to be crowned by tbe paint and bis successors. For generations it was the practice of tribal kings to be crowned as Columba 'had pre dicted, and the tombs of the kings in the churchyard of S. Mary's, Iona, testify to the faot that the bones of many such found a resting-place there. It is alleged that the very stone on 'which these -ktnes of old were crowned was afterwards removed to West minster Abbey, and is now contained within tbe Coronation Chair. A picture of the ruins of the church on the island of Iona was shown, and then the lecturer proceeded to relate the story of the mission of S.. Augustine to England at the dose of the sixth century. This mission Was due in the first instance to Gregory, one of the best, if not the wisest, of the Roman Popes. In the Roman slave market he had observed some children of fair complexion offered for sale, and after inquiring from whence they came, and being answered that they were pagans from Britain, he resolved that these Anglo-Saxon heathens should, if possible, be converted. A picture of Gregory and the slaves was thrown upon the screen. Gregory was unable to undertake the work himself since he. was consecrated bishop a short time after forming this resolution. But as he could not go himself he did the next beat thing, and 'sent someone else. He chose Augustine, a monk from his own monastery in Rome, and sent him to Britain with forty 'followers, lay- brothers, and clerics in AD. 596. Thejjourney across Europe was long and difficult. The mis sionaries were most inhospitably received in Ganl, where they were obliged to winter. Rumors reached them of the ferocity and cruelty of the islanders, and they pleaded for permission ta return to Rome. Gregory refused to receive them back, and encouraged them to continue the good work which they had begun. They landed in April, A.D. 597, at Ebbafleet in Kent, which site is to day commemorated by a memorial cross of granite. At that time Britain was divided into various kingdom*, of which Kent was one, There was then no sole king of the country, and the name England was yet unknown. Each kingdom was governed by a king or under lord. . The raler over Kent was a king named Ethelbert, whose wife Bertha, daughter of the King of Paris, was a Christian. This was a citcumstance favorable to the mission, and the faot that Augustine was fortunate euoaph to be able to address himself to a Christian lady, the spouse of a pswerful though heathen king, doubtless contributed to the marked -success which attended his missionary labors in Kent.. The kiag consented to - receive Angastine, provided that the interview should take place in the open air. An excellent picture represented the little band of monks, with Augustine at their head, pleading before King Ethelbert and his Qaeen. The king would not give a definite answer as to whether or not he would aocept thia new religion, but he said that Augustine should have liberty to carry on his missionary labors, and gave him a house in Canterbury in whioh to live with his com panions. The wonderful z^al and earnest ness displayed by these Christiao teachers had its due effect upon those who came within their influence. . Many converts were won, even the king was touohed by the. devotion displayed by these men, and about two months after his first interview with Augustine, Ethelbert reoeived . baptism. Shortly after.thia Augustine went to France, where he received Episcopal consecration, and so became the first Archbishop of Canterbury. Views were shown of Canter bury Cathedral, and of Archbishop Benson, tbe present |Primate of England, and the 9lst Archbishop of Canterbury. Pictarea of Rochester Cathedral, S. Augustine's College at Canterbury, and of Fork Minster brought a most interesting and instructive lecture to a close. The funds of the Gawler South Mission received about £2, for the sale of tickets and monev taken at the Annm Mr R. W. J. Leicester managed the lantern, and excellent results were obtained. The lecture was repeated in S. George's Schoolroom last Wednesday week. In the absence. of Canon Cp.ombs the chair was occupied by Archdeacon French, who hap pened to be staying in Gawler. The lime light was used, and with the more elaborate apparatus Mr. Leicester obtained still better pictnres than on the previousocoasio 4. There waa rather a .small attendance, owing doubt less to the bad weather, but those who braved the; elements were well rewarded for their trouble, aud a very pleasant and profitable evening was enjoyed. 