IXTERIALISING A tGHOST, on, A CHRISTMAS EVE ADVENTURE. a BY J. G. O'Do.NoanuE. It was in the beginning of summer, in the t year 1873, that the sylvan solitudes of a valley formed by two of the numerous ranges or spurs c of North Gippsland were awakened by a party I of mounted prospectors amongst its primeval t wilds. Unconsciously picturesque in their unstudied I attitudes of graceful negligence, the bronze faced, resolute-looking gold seekers, sat in their s saddles scanning, with critical eyes, the diver- a sified and pleasing sylvan panorama that en. I vironed them. Their protracted examination of the land scapes did not arise from a love of the beauti ful in Nature; although the valley might in disputably be taken as a compendium of one of her many varied displays and beautiful combi nations. Continuous travelling through scenery such as that which surrounded them, had somewhat dimmed the glamor of that exalted feeling; so that the lavish display of Nature's wild gran deur excited but littleinterest, and called forth ittle remark from the horsemen. The geological features of the valley were likewise unheeded. All were intent on a suit a situation on which to erect the tents. A spot was at length chosen, and under the low, spreading branches and umbrageous foliage of a giant eucalyptus the tents were pitched, and preparations for the evening mmal commenced. Directly in front of the tents was an expanse I of green sward sloping gradually towards the Moroke IRiver, whose rapid and pelucid waters, eddying and ripfpling among the boulders that embedded its channel, and the branches and, tree trunks that were piled aeroses its course in bewildering eonfauion at every curve, ran with many windings tojoin the Mitchell. Lining the river's banks was a tangled mass of vegetation, I among which a forest of gum trees, their a primeval grandeur as yet unimpaired by the j selector's axe, shot upwards, and in long varied lines stretched away in dim perspective to the summits of tMounts Buller and Tomboritha, be-, tween whose ragged " tors" the long snowy apex of the Barkly Range. was plainly die. cerned against the deep blue of the evening sky. After supper the company gathers for the inevitable smoke and yarn before retiring. On this occasion, however, they do not appear i to be in a loquacious mood. With grim com placency they sit on the moss-covered trunk of an old tree, which had been uprooted by the tempest, or repose on the grass, puffing medi. 1 tatively the while clouds of tobacco smoke from between their lips, and watching the curling 1 and fantastic wreaths gradually disappear in the quickening shades of night. Brightly gleam the glowing pipes in the twi light. No voice breaks the stillness. An unusual and oppressive gravity appears to pervade the entire assembly. It may arse from the fact that it is Christmas Eve, and that memories of other such anniversaries spent .under more propitious circumstances crowd upon the mind- anniversaries probably spent with friends or relations whose familar form cheery Christmas greeting will never be seen or heard more. Perhaps, the gravity is the out come of onervation, caused by a long journey under a broiling sun. Whatever may have been the cause, its effects soon pass off, and personal reminiscences and adventures of flood I and field follow each other in rapid and varying succession. One alone of the party retains an uncharacteristic gravity and cynicism, so much so that his companions remark his silence, and in a bantering way make suggestions as to the cause. "You are all at fault. nudoubtedly at fault," reiteratid the silent one. " One cannot think and sustain a conversation at the same time."' "I was but recalling an adventure that occurred to me one Christmas Eve some years ago, and which I shall relate if you care to hear it." "What is its drift, Jack, old man t" asked Charley Dalton, the sage of the party. "Ghostly," was the sepulchral and laconio reply. " Gholsts! Rubbish !" exclaimed Charley, "they do not exist, unless--" "This one did," interrupted Jack, as he pro ceeded to draghis long, spare form into a suit able posture for a lengthened talk. "Oh, well," replied the sage, somewhat nettled at having his eloquence cut short in such a summary fashion, " we will not discuss the subject. Fire away." There is no need for the permission to be repeated twice, for after a few preliminary coughs, Jack at once plunged into the subject. One Christmas time some years ago I received an invitation from a friend to spend Christmas Day with him and his family. Living, as I did then, five miles from the township of T -, and nearly the same distance from any human habitation, and seldom meetingany person with whom to converse, I readily acquiesced in my friend's suggestion. Where I resided was a creek, bordered, as is mostly the case, by la goons, which were a resort for many species of wild fowl. Thinking that a pair or so of wild duck would not come amiss to my friend's wife, I took my gun early on Christmas Eve, and succeeded in shooting a couple, and also a hare. Making these into a portable parcel, I started for the township shortly after dusk. It was one of those nights that one would select for a ramble-when the moon, unimpeded by a cloud, sails majestically and supremelyacrcss a firmament of sapph re, thickly spangled by myriad stare. The night was warm and still. The chirp of the locusts and the fareoff barking of a dog sounded clear and distinct. From the waterhole hard by came the monotonous, yet rhythmical, chant of the cicada, broken at times by the deep, hoarse croak of some huge "bull frog," who, floating on the water with out spread legs and inflated body, strives, with many spasmodic jerks, to outroice his adjacent "sharps." I had perhaps gone about three parts of the distance when an almbst indescribable feeling took possession of me. In other words, I felt by some inscrutable instinct that I was watched. I halted and glanced around. No living thing was to be seen, save the bats that noise lessly flitted past. I glanced upwards. A change had taken place. The sky was no longer clear. Light fleecy "wisps" of cirrus cloud drifted quickly across the heavens, ever and anon obscuring the moon, and causing alternate light and shadow. Shaking off the uncanny feeling that caused me to stop, I once more resumed my walk. I had not gone far when a slight sound startled me. Once more I paused. At this moment the moon shed her silvery radiance through a rift in the clouds. I glanced hastily around. Somethingattracted myatten tion-something partly hidden by the deep shade thrown by a gigantic eucalyptus. Some thing motiqnless and erect, formless and in distinct, yet shining with an unearthly glow of translucent light. 1 was appalled. My frame shook as if with ague. The parcel fell from my nerveless grasp. Hugo drops of perspiration coursed each other down my face. I felt as weak as a child, and could only gaze at that portentous shape. There are times, we are told. when even the most reckless are struck with a feeling of awe-when the blood seems to chill and the heartto faint, and all physical power appears to be gone; when the soul is startled and the cheeks are blanched, and each function appears to be under the influence of some indescribable paralysis. Such were my feelings at that moment. With alternate sensations of fear, doubt and bewilderment I continued to gaze at that ghostly figure, standing so grim and silent beneath the great gum. Long ago I had reasoned myself out of all belief in ghosts, goblins or any of the other supernatural appa ritions which man, in his imagination, creates and endows with al the faculties essential to their existence. Yet, so unexpected had been the encounter, that all my former reasoning failed to stand the test so suddenly imposed upon it. It was not long before my normal self-pos session returned, and with it all my former doubts in-the existence of ghosts. I stooped to pick up the parcel dropped involuntary at the first appearance of the mysterious, and on looking again in the, direction of my super natural companion, I found that he had vanished. Cantionausly approaching the spot where heso recently stood, I glanced around. Nothing was to be seen. Was the spectre,after l,'merely an illusion o the senses? I was' ansuddenlyawakened from the reverie into which I had fallen by -anunearthly cry, unearthly alike in tone and portent. Turning hurriedly in the direction whencethe I cry came, I saw the fearful apparition coming directly towards me, gliding seemingly over the ground at an almost incredible speed. My courage being now equal to the en counter, I awaited the advent of the portentous figure with a coolness equalling my previous trepidation. The spectre was clad in a long, white, luminous-like shroud, which descended from neck to heel. Its hands were those of a skeleton. Its head a blanched and grinning skull, the sightless orbs of which, hlike those of that fabled animal the cockatrice, shone with a .brilliant, unearthly light. My resolute bearing seemed to disconcert his "ghostship," for he checked his speed, and when within yards of where I stood, he raised his skeleton-like arms above his head, gave utterance to a weird cry, and shot off at right angles to his previous course. Listening attentively, I could hear the faint crackling of gum leaves, as from the passage of aponderable body over theirsurface. Spectres, according to the whimsical and accepted hypothesis, are shod with wool. This one, evidently, was an exception to the general rule. I determined to fathom the vagaries of this moonlight ranger. Grasping the parcel firmly in my hand, I waited a favorable opportunity to give chase. That opportunity soon presented itself. Once more the spectre came flitting towards me. Feigning fear, I croiuched down alongside of a tree, and thus lured the figure nearer to my concealment than it would otherwise have approached. Jumpingup, I made a rush at the spectre, but by a graceful movement it eluded my grasp, and darted off, leavingme far intherear. With stern pertinacity, I started in pursuit, urged on by the desire to investigate the source of that incredible pace. After the first burst, the ghostly figure adopted a steady, uniform pace. I followed about a chain distant, running well and gaining speed and confidence in my staying powers at every stride. A peculiar sound now attracted my attention. A remittent hum not unlike the musical vioration of tense wires had become audible. Puzzling over this inexplicable sound I ran on. Suddenly a log fence, surmounted by a bar barous-looking "buckthorn " wire, extended its sinuous length in the path of the ghost. I quickened my pace. Would the figure attempt the jump. My cogitations-on this point were abruptly ended by his ghostship turning, and following the course of the fence. A few hundred yards distant I knew that another fence joined and ran atright angles to the one we were now following. I felt certain that the spectre would not be able to jump the fence and preserve his diaphanous draperies intact. At length we reached the angle formed by he two fences. Cutting a corner I thought to tintercept thespectre. Itwas avainmanmavre. With the ease of a kangarod the object of my pursuit cleared the fence and thus avoided me. The jump, however, had in some way displaced his anatomy. He no longer glided over the ground, but adopted a style which appeared a blend of the Irish gig, and the ungainly gait of a wounded'possum. Igavechase. Afewdoubles, that would have met with the approbation of the most exacting football critic, enseed. Then with a swing I raised the parcel. For an instant it hung, like the sword of Damocles, suspended over the spectre, and then do secended. I had a transient vision of a pair of ducks, a liminous body and the whirling form of a hare seemingly careering through space, and then all was a blank. I had materialised the ghost. On recovering my senses from the involuntary oblivion into which they had been so suddenly plunged, I found that I was extended at full length on a dusty road. Jumping to my feet, I looked for the cause of this startling denoue ment. There be was, sitting on a stump, still clad in his diaphanous draperies, swearing like a Van demonian at a piece of wood that had become securely fixed in one of the powerful springs that were attached to his boots. At my feet lay a grinning skull, from out of which issued two beams of light. I picked it up. A circular hole, sufficiently large to admit the introduc tionotf asmall lantern into the cavity of the skull, had been cut through the two bones. A copper studconnected the lantern with a leather cap which fitted the head, and to which a chin strap was attached. " Well," asked my companion, when I had completed my inspection, "what do you think of my get-up?" "Wonderful, especially the springs," I re plied. "Yes," lie said, "they are notbad, and but for this stick you would never have overtaken me." I assisted him to remove the stick, and watched him don his ghostly human helmet. Then giving his draperies a shake to remove the adherent dust, he exclaimed, "Au revoir, my strong-minded friend, when next you attempt to materialise a ghost, don'tbreil- your neck by falling over him." " One moment. What is your object in masquerading so far from the township ;" I asked. "Merely to frighten a holiday party. Itrust that I shall be more successful than I have been in your case." Saying this he glided off. I watched the flitting form till it was no longer visible, then picking up the contents of the parcel, I resumed my journey and arrived at my destination in due course, and favored my friend with a narration of my adventure. "It is now 12 o'clock," exclaimed Jack, glancing at his watch, "so I shall wish you all good night and a Happy Christmas." 