II. There was no party at the Chase on New Year's Eve, Lady Lyndon having some kind of prejudice against the frivolity of dancing the New Year in and the Old Year out; and the next evening was fixed for the ball. We had spent most of the day in the saddle, and the smoking room was soon deserted, as after midnight mutual con gratulations and good wishes spoken, one by one the fellows lounged away to bed; and only Henderson, myself, and young Dick Cheyne. of Bdland,, a younger son of a younger branch of the most illustrious honse of Lyndon, were left to finish our cigars over the dying fire, Jack having gone out for a final consultation with my lady over the diffcult question of prece deace. It was a still, moonless night, a heavy, impenetrable blacknes against which the blacker shadows of the trees stood out faintly here and here; a slight fcg rose from the damp earth, but the air was so warm and clcse we had set the window wide open and sat before it, Henderson lying back in a low chair, I opposite to him. Cheyne atocd on the left, leaning his 'broad shoulders against the window-fram', his head thrown back a little as he wat:hed the puffs of smoke from his cigar. The one window of the smoking-room epesd on to the terrace, which ran the whole length of the aide of the house; a broad gravel path, with a low stcne balus trade, dividing it from the slrp; of turf below; at the extreme end of the terrace, and angle of tae house, s high, ivy-covered wall shut out the kitchen eardens and stables from view. We had not spoken for some minutes and it seemei to me, as I sat watching the dull red glow of the fire on the panelled walls, that the silence without and within was growing a little oppresseive, and I wa consciots somehow of a desire to shut out the black stillness and heavy air of the night. I turned to speak to Dick. " I wish you would shut the window, Cheyne.' He drew his cigar from between his lipe euickl7, and with a warning gestamgs " Listen," he said, half under him breath. n Then there was a sound of foot?teps on the gravel outside-footsteps, certainly, but such as I never heard before. The a long, dragging, heavy tread of four feet it seemed to me, slow and stealthy, but so distinct I could hear the rattle of loose gravel at each regular and measured c tread. They arms nearer, and Cheyne dew himself up and turned his bead towards the square of white light which shone 1 through the open unsheltered window into the darkness without. Henderson lifted his half-closed eyes. "What is it P" he asked, indifferently. "I don't know; a dog, I think," an swered Cheyne, still keeping an earnest gaze on the ground before him. I got up, and stood looking over his shoulder. Toe sound was close behind us now, and the something slunk past our feet as we stood there, and disappeared. " Some brute of a dog prowling about but where the deuce has be gone?" ex claimed Cheyne, still in an undertone. He strode out quickly on to the terract. The window at which we were standing was not more than two feet from the high wall at the end of the terrace, and the angle formed by it and the wall of the house was-with the exception of a few inches of black shadow- filled with light from o=t lamps. The very ivy leaves and grey-green twigs of wisteria on the walls shone out clear and distinct, tut there was nothing there; and Cheyne kicked out among the roots of ivy and creep.rs, and leaned over the balustrade, peering into the darkness below, before he came back to me. "I can't make out where it, went," he said, half impatiently. "There's no hole ii the wall among that ivy, is there P" "No, I think not. Listen again." He turned round sharply, and took a stride back into the middle of the walk, standing fuall in the light from the win dow. The mysterious footsteps were coming back again, slower and more stealthy they eounded, but no less distinct than before. Henderson had risen and stood beside me, ais head bent forward a little to listen, his cigar held out carefully behind him. They came creeping on, those horribly slow, dragging steps, and then the shadow glided past our feet again, and Cheyne wheeled round with a quick exclamation. There was nothing behind him, and every leaf sand twig on the terrace wall hung motionless in the damp, still air; nothing in the light, and the darkness was impene trable. "I can't make out where the thing dis appeared to," he repeated a little excitedly, but speaking in the same low tone ; "rm certain I saw something, didn't you p" "I thought so, but never mind it now come in and shut the window, there's a good fellow; it's getting cold." He followed me in, glancing back over his shoulder, and Henderson sat down again, turning a little from the light. "It's a most extraordinary thing," pur sued Cheyne; "I'? swear that something want by, but where, in the name of all that's puzzling, could it have gone P It couldn't have been a ghost, though I sup pose this house is haunted, as all respect able old mansions osght to be. I'll ask Lyndon when he comes in if this is the ghost's walk." Henderson lifted his eyes from the floor and glanced at the lad half absently, it seemed, from beneath the half-closed lids. I started a little and followed his glance uneasily; Cheyne's careless words had more in them than he knew of, ' Better not; I wou'dn't say anything at all about it, if I were you," I answered quickly. "Why not P' Cheyne stared at me. "Because, my dear fellow, this is the ehost's walk, and there is a tradition re spectiag it, which, I suppose, you don't happen to know." " No; what is it P" "Simply this: whenever footsteps are heard and a shadowy something is seen on the terrace out there, the Master of Lyn don is doomed to die within the year." Cheyne laughed ecrnfully. "What non sense. You don't mean to say you believe in such rubbish, Lyndon P' "I don't say anything of the kind, but I know that Jack believes in it most firmly. He believes he heard it before his father's death, and that no Lyndon since the foun dation of the world has ever passed away without this warning of death." Cheyne shrugged his broad shoulders doubtfully. "I shouldn'thave thought him so superstitious," he said. At that moment Jack himself came in. " Charlie. my boy, Lady Lyndon and I have earned your undying gratitude," he began, with the gay, carelesslaugh that had so infectious a ring about it. "Yon are the victim of a conspiracy for the suppression of bachelors, active operations entrusted to very fair hands; time and place, the ball. room to-morrow night: so prepare to meet your fate like a man, old fellow. But look here; I received strict orders from Lady Lyndon to break up this conclave, so I pro pose that we retire. Henderson, I'm afraid that pulling brute of mine was too much for you to-day; you look tired." Jack had gone up to him, and was speaking in the low and exceedingly winning tone he sometimes used. Henderson answered, with his usual grave courtesy, that hewas a little tired and would go to bed. What was the meaning of the look in those keen eyes, as they rested for a moment on the other's handsome, sunny face 1 It haunted me that nght with the persistency of a vague dim memory, unfolding itself in some dusty, forgotten corner of the brain. Twenty-four hours later, and the great hall at Lyndon was a blaze of lights, flowers and fine dresses, and I was man. fully submitting to my fate in the person of a gay little heirees of twenty summers. Jack performed his duties as host with un tiring energy and vigonr; and I watched him once, as he stood near me in a pause of the dance, bending down from his stately height to a slender little figure at his side, his dark eyes glowing a little, his clear, re sonant voice so gay; such strong young life flashed into his handsome face and beat in his steady pulsea--it seemed strange, im possible, that he should be doomed. I pulled myself op quickly. It was ab murd, worse than absurd, to let the vaguely troubled undercurrents of thought, that had haunted me since morning, gain the apper hand like this. I tried hard to dismiss ensh thoughts, and yet, somehow, I found myself in the smoking-room again an hour after midnight, standing at the open window, and listening for the mysterioas footsteps on the terrace. The lamp on the table was turned down, and I did not at first see that I was not alone, until Henderson, half rising from the depths of his easy chair beside the window, spoke to me. "Have you come here to escape the heat and glare in the Hall, Mr Lyndon ? 'Pon my honour, I found it a little too much. I regret to have to confess it, but I behollve I am getting too old fer this sort of thing." It was another starless, moonless night, ionly the white ghostly light of a litte' sprinkling of snow, which lay here and there in tiny drifts, under the trees and on the gravel paths, gleamed with a faint, Spallid whiteness under the leaden sky: a restless breeze stirred among the nestling ivy leaves and leafless branches of the creepers on the wall, and came in at the Sopen window Sweeping into the sailence came the sound Sof voices, laughter and musicao from the ball Sroom, a murmur, which rose and fell again with the sighing of the wind, but failed to drown that other soend 1 was waiting to hear-the soft, stealthy steps on the gravel walk. I had not stood there many minutes bh. fore they came, dragging alowly past the clcsed windows of the library and drawing room, coming nearer and nearer--the sound a little deadened, it seemed, by the snow until they passed my very feet, and I swung out on to the terrace with a sudden energy that must infallibly have brought me into sharp collision with anything that had been there. Nothing bat darknens and silence:; and, bafled again, I returned to the window. Henderson's chair was empty, and I caught I the sound of the door closing after him as I Scame in, and took up my station once more to listen, the vaguely uncomfortable sensa ttions of anxiety and foreboding against Swhich I had been struggling all day, return ing on me with fuller force. , It was not new to me, this traditionof the Ghost's Walk, in which my uncle, Sir as Philip, and his father before him, had be. leved so firmly, and in which Jack pout m unquestioning a faith; but I had never spenulated on the subject before, and nowl found my sceptilohm less assured than was altogether pleasing to a practical, common sease young fellow of seven-and-twenty. I stood sti'l listening and meditating, uneasy on these points, when the door opened again, and Jack's clear voice came ringing across the dark space between us. "Charlle, is that you! Now, 'pon my word, this is too bad ; you have left the prettiest girl in the room to sit out the * My Queen Waltz,' waiting fhr her truant teva lier. You are being Inquired for on all aides, and here I find you sitting in the smoking room. It really is too bad." He had come over to me andlaid his hand on my shoulder lightly, adding a quick : " Whatis the matter! You are not ill, my boy!" "Ill! no; I only came for a breath of fresh air." I reeovezed myself with some thing of an effort. "The rooms were so confoundedly hot, but I'd no idea I had been here so long; better go baok,Ianppose. and down on my knees before my deserted partner." "I rather think you had, but you don't deserve to be forgiven either-and smoking, too, you barbarian. Listen I what's that 1" Lyndon's hand rested more heavily on my shouldor for an instant and he came a step nearer. I would have answered him, have kept him back If I could, but something i held me silent and powerless, and slowly I again, but more distinctly, more heavily fell the sound of those stealthy footateps on a the white, silent, snow-covered terrace, bringing with them now a sense of oppres I sion and strange, unreasoning fear, against which I could not even struggle. A moment later, an ugly shadow glided past our feet, and Jack leaned back against z the window-frame with a half-suppressed a groan. "Charlie," he said under his breath; "I did not think you were listening for that." "For what!' I answered sharply. "There is some dog about, that is all." He took his hand from my shoulder, went in and sat down in Henderson's chair, turn ing his face away from the light. " For pity's sake, Jack, don't get that absurd notion into your head; can't you hear a sound out there without ianoying it is-is that! It's ridieulous, mere superstition," I exclaimed, seeing it was useless to feign Ignorance of his meaning. He interrupted me with an impatient gesture, but not raising his head. "I heard it before, Charlie, when my father died. I cannot be mistaken now. It is the warning for another Lyndon, within the year, you know. Well, I suppose I had counted on as long a life as most men. I hope you'll have a longer reign than I, old fellow." "Jack, Jack, if you want me to think you a sane man, don't talk like that; what we heard just now is to be easily accounted for if anyone took the trouble to go round to the kennels. Come back to the Hall, there's a good fellow, and don't talk about dying and my reign like a superstitious old woman, I bent down to him a little as I spoke, and he turned to me, shaking his head, but with a faint smile. "You will not ridicule or argue me out of my conviction, Charlie. Do you think it is posalble once to have heard that and to have forgotten! I toll you it is the warning and I am doomed to die within the year. Rather advise me to set my house in order, old fellow. ' Argument, ridicule, persuasion were of no avail, and I grew rather desperate at ast, and hardly knew what I said in my earnest endeavour to dispel the unhappy ianoy from his mind. " Don't say any more, Charlie; let us go back to those people I have to entertain and try to forgot it till that duty is done. And don't say a word of this to Henderson or any of the other fellows," he added in a lower tone, as he got up and put his arm through Imine. "Of course not," I answered, almost dragging him out of the room in my anxiety to get away. Watching the lad closely, hs I could not help doing while music, laughter, the sound of happy voices and rythmfo fall of light feet on the polished floor went on hour after haur, I could almost have fancied he had thrown off the gloomy foreboding which op pressed him so short a time ago, in the steady, determinate self-control which made him join in dance, jest, and laughter with the same light-hearted gaiety of manner as before. Henderson was watching, him, too, and some touch of gravity in the calm in. difference of his keen, dark eyes gave me the impression that he knew a such of Lyndon's fatal superstition as I did. ( (To be Continued.). 