Chapter • XXV.— Captives ; Op' "tor vCom aibxE—Mathiede . ^b . D'E -FocBSiElt. in Separate Prisons. 1 ' ' \i"; V,': ' , Time and a restless people have-wiped out the architectural landmarks ■ of' the, .French Revolution, but the spectres of that awful past remain. • .. You may trace the red footsteps of .the. terror through street and alley, in park-arid "square, though few of the once familiar surroundings any longer remain. The very names of the historic localities have been'cha'nged. The ghosts are there all the same 'and in all weathers, in the sunshine, in. the rain, when summer winds make gentle, ripples on the river, when winter gales blow stiffly about the grim towers of the Palais de Justice, and the snow falls thick upon the adjacent''quays and whitens the Tuileries gardens—stilt the same sad memories cling about the beautiful city. So long as. nations have a History, so long will the story of the agony of r Paris, touch the universal heart and appeal to the universal imagination; The pick-axe and the spade have deinolished the old prisons almost as completely as the Bastille. . Under the tyranny of kings there was only one Bastille; under the changing governments of the people there were many, and of worst repute. \- The demfflition of Old Paris stopped at the Palais do Justice and the Gonciergerie. The spirit of change has paused in an uncertain way round about the historic prisons. You still come upon ragged .bits of, the.architecture of the'time, glimpses of' old'houses, "sections o ancient streets; _ but the district; as the Marseillais. saw it marching-through to the Pont Neuf, is no more, neither are itsunpaved streets nor its atmosphere reeking or the gutters, but always picturesque in the summer with blinds and shutters against the sum and curious sign3 indicative of varied trades, and inns ana cabarets,_ and hdtels of wealthy citizens standing back in quiet court yards. • On the other side of the Seine one comes upon similar suggestions of a wild past, with its once quaint streets of St. Martin, St. Honore, St. Denis, its Halle anx Bles,-its Rue do la Monnaie, which is ■ still tho same narrow way, though busy with modern. magasins de marchandises and its intermediate conglomeration of passages, alleys, and mixed thoroughfares. Many of the streets of 1792, with the Rue Barnabe, are, however, to-day only memories, but what memories ! One looks in vain for the old house Where Jaffray Ellicotc courted Marie Bruyset, but there are relics sufficient between the Rue du Temple, the Mont de 'Piete, and the newer buildings of the Rue du Pont Neuf and the Quai du Louvre to enable one to picture the actualities of the scenes in which the humanities of the time had much ado not to be stamped out altogether under the heels of the fanatical insurrectionaries. A word or two by way of historical reinini l scence will serve to cxplam to the general reader the character of the Conciergerie and the.singularity of .its name. It is an. integral part of the Palais du Justice. Originally a fortress it become a royal palace. Icings, as well as republics, must_ have prisons. The French monarch who lived at -this stately abode on the Seine in the early days preferred a handy one; so he enlarged his palace in that direction. He built a residence for the governor of his house of detention, with its dungeons and its instruments of torture, and they called him the " Concierge" of the palace.; his special department therefore came to be known as the Conciergerie; hence the name of the historic prison to this day; and in the present economy of domestic life in Paris the "concierge" of our day may bo_ said to inherit the autocratic instincts of ins more distin guished though less genial predecessor on the banks of the Seine. ■ Prior to the revolution the Conciergerie had a history which for misery : and bloodshed it would have taxed human invention to rival. During _ the feuds of the Armagnacs and the Bourguignons the "Cabochiens" broke into the gaol and killed every prisoner,' man arid woman. They strewed_ the palace yard with corpses, among them the Count d Armagnac,: constable, of Prance, six bishops, and several members of the Paris Parliament. The place was nearly burnt down in 1776, but a few years later it was restored, in time for a re vival of its evil reputation. There it stands to this day, with its two pointed towers and all its romantic and ghastly memories, on the banks of the Seine, which during the terror ran with blood, con veyed in a gully constructed from the guillo tine's first establishment in the Place de la Greve. If it is difficult in these brighter days, standing by the gaily-freighted river, to realise the coming and going of prisoners con demned ere they were tried, one daily pro cession of fair women and noble men, on their way to death. You may enter the awful gates that now swing freely, to and fro for the admission of the . curious. You may see the cells and rooms, the stone dungeons that were packed with prisoners of every class and grade With an ordinary effort of imagination yon may hear the ribald shouts of frenzied men, the sighs of insulted womanhood, the defiant songs of reeldeBs soldiers, and you may smell the stench .of it; all too terrible for words to describe. Here, one sad day towards the end of August, 1789, came De Fournier, in the custody of Laroche and an escort of gendarmes. Other prisoners arrived at the same time. Two of them were Royalists of distinction who had in their day been pre-eminent among the most illustrious of Frenchmen. • De Fournier, in comparatively humble clothes, attracted no particular attention from the crowd that had gathered around" the ap proaches to the Palais de Justice.'Through its guarded gates and beyond its grim courtyard the Conciergerie wag hidden. " The majority of the crowd were women. They screamed and yelled and hissed the two Royalist prisoners, whose nobility of de meanor ana at the same time quiet submissive ness to a cruel destiny might have awed ordi nary mortals into silent respect. . But these were not'ordinary mortals. They were travesties of womanhood, sexless fiends in human shape. They were creatures of the night who on the 10th of August had dabbled their hands in the blood of the king's guards in the Tuileries gardens, dabbled in it anii drunk it round the insurgent fires, in which the flesh of heroic soldiers and stricken aristocrats had been flung with the wreck of royal apartments. They had assisted to parade with bleeding heads on-fearsome pikes. They had played the part of priestesses at obscene feasts and taken awful oaths at devilish assemblies. Already their shadows were falling upon the immediate future of the Conciergerie when De Fournier and his fellow-victims attracted their atten tion. ; It was only for a_ few minutes that. the prisoners created a slight diversion from, the business of the morning, which was to salute the procession of death on its way to the guillotine. The tumbrels were already drawn Up outside the gates. Presently they would enter and return with pale passengers, many of whom would suffer their bitterest moments: in the execrations of tlie mob. : De Fournier noticed, topping the rest of her. grim sisterhood, Pierre G'rappin's wife. Vcyni-' cally known as Madame. Angelique. She was ' the fiendish apex of a "motley crew that oscil lated round_ about her like witches in a hideous drearn and in every kind of costume under the sun,, some, half dressed like - men, some in breeches, others in soldiers' coats, some with mob-caps and tricolor ribbons, others in. the bonnet range; most of them lantern-jawed and pale, with dark rims-around their eyes , and wet lips. \- They flung their arms aloft, brandishing pikes and scythes and muskets. There were naked arms red with blood, arms jn ccats of the . .National . Guards, arms in - bloody gowns, arms with short sleeves, arms with long sleeves, hands .like . claws . and hands with big bony fingers, none of them but were grimy and grim with the gore of victims, the guillotine's or the slain of no less grim sansculotte and revolutionary, brigands. \ So strangely do all kinds of things appeal to a man's sympathies at perilous momenta and . in the midst of great sorrows that De Fournier found himself pitying-Pierre that his name and honor should have been shared with so vile a creature as this mad impersonation of revolu tionary mania. His heart was heavily laden and yet it felt the shadow of this other fellow sufferer's grief. The pity of the whole busi ness, gathered round about his own affliction. Ho was dazed with the. impress of it .upon his mind, that was stung to madness by his part ing with Mathilde: He had said farewell to her at the portals of the Temple prison. It was not until his escort had been in creased by a fresh contingent _ of men on entering Paris that Laroche had informed De Fournier of their different destinations, his wife to he delivered into the custody of the governor of- the Temple, he to the Concier gerie. Mathilde had behaved with womanly forti tude. It was De Fournier .who. broke down with grief and passion.. Then a. sudden des pair took possession of him, with a bitter underlying; current of a longing for a great revenge. ; He was' right in thinking that they owed their separation to Grdbau val and every conceivable indignity that his imagination could invent seemed possible from his rival, who hated him by reason of their blood relationship, and who would hate him the more that his own action had hurried on the marriage it was his chief desire to pre vent. Whoever might have originated the trite saying—"When Greek meets Greek then comes the tug of war"—a_ far more truthful indication of intense hostility than the more correct lines, " When Greek meets _ Greek then was the tug of war"—the spirit of it is as old as rebellion, civil war, and family quarrels. In the French Revolution the bitterest and most uncompromising, conflicts, were those of French against - French; The story of the time is one hourly "illustration or malignity .-of hostile factions and .'competing committees, each annihilating the;.other. with afarrbore bloody malice than. Frenchmen--showed whbn they met their foreign foes. ■'i ; The dullest .imagination could conceive the animosity" with which ; Grebauval and De Fournier might assail each other should oppor tunity offer, and one follows their brief history in the great tragedy of Paris with a keen hope that Fate may still have " in store such a change of destiny for the new prisoner of the Conoiergerie as shall place him free and face to face with his powerful enemy. Grdbauval was one of those persistent lovers, so called, who, failing a legitimate direction to his ardent desires, i3 willing to brave every obstacle of custom, law, morality, religion, or hatred of the woman he affects to worship, in order, to encompass his ends; and who makes possession alike an object of a base pride and a sour vengeance. The sea stories of skippers who steal their unwilling brides and go down with them to the depths in their phantom ships have no more tragic impulse than Grebauval could develop out of what once might have been a reasonable instinct of love. Experience of the atrocities of the prisons within the sliQrt time between July and the September we are approaching had steeled his heart against all the finer emotions that might have had a place there. Robespierre nursed to the last a passion that was akin to love as well as ambition for the daughter of the Due d'Orleans. It is as if the god who is supposed to inspire the divine passion, disgusted with the thing he had created, handed over the trimming of the flame to some soul-destroying imp. When Grebauval learnt that Mathilda had escaped him through the church at St. Germain, whatever sentiment of a holy passion might at one time have touched his heart, however faintly, dried up ; and there remained only the wormwood of disappointment, the gall .of lust, and the desire of vengeance. The prison was full to overflowing when De Fournier arrived there. Almost every day . new , victims had fallen before the ' Revolutionary Tribunal; but the work went on . too slowly for the municipal authorities, who were now in full power. The Commune had overawed the National Assembly. Grebauval in the Chamber, had supported the municipality when it came to the bar. He joined in the cry of " Vive la Commune!" when . the galleries applauded Tallien's defiant answer to the Girondist chief, Vergniaud. De Fournier, therefore, arrived at the Conoiergerie at a most dangerous. moment, though Grebauval's chief interest was in Mathilde. It was, however, by a stroke of good fortune that De Foufhier was flung into a cell:_with. fourteen others, amohg whom was. M« de la Galetierre, his comrade in the retreat tdbt. Germain. The Citizen Galetierre informed him. that he had been at first placed m a dungeon with two murderers for companions^. .By the virtue of some gold pieces and the interposition of a friendly municipal he bad been transferred the next day to his present quarters. _ " And what is more to the purpose,.. he said, "I was in time, as you are to participate in a scheme of escape that promises success.- - "Escape?" said De Fournier, "with the secret among so many? .. "Yes. When you arrived the fear was. that you might be a spy thrown in among us.- Did you not notice the smile of relief that went round when I knew you and we embraced : "I did not notice it," said the new prisoner; my faculties are numbed# l am broken, dean friend, broken 1" . , . "You shall be set up again; we are rich m this cell, dear comrade ; six of us .have money enough to provide decent food and. moderately good wine. We keep up our spirits and shall revive yours. My wife is not far away; I hope to join her very soon." : "I am thinking not of myself," said De Fournier; and then the two sat down upon a bench beneath a Window looking upon a small open space that was only separated, from the Seine by a low wall and De Fournier related to him all that had happened since they had parted. , '' M. de la Galetierre understood and appre ' dated'bis friend's fears for'Mathilde, ;but fared him with, a new hope. The window above them was not far from the ground. If was pro tected by iron bars, two of which bad already been sawn through and could'be easily re moved. Two others would undergo similar operations at night, and within two or three days the course would be free. The room in which they were confuted was a makeshift prison, and' once outside the prison there would be no difficulty in escaping. There were few precautions against escape. At first they had a terrible outer guard to fear. Two dogs were the sentinels. The concierge relieved his officers at night by trained hounds, mongrel bred beasts,'half mastiff, half bloodhound,'that were let loose in the courtyard. Two of the brutes were posted in the small open space be neath the window thorough which the 14 men had resolved to climb. Their leader, .a man of athletic.strength,and a curious and varied knowledge, had tamed the Blobbermg four footed guardians of the night. Fordays such pieces of • meat as could - be ■■ spared , were accumulated for the dog-tamer, who exercised other powers over the animals. Ontwo special occasions he had obtained access to them. It was mot very difficult to. get into the courtyard, but no prisoner ever cared_to run the risk of- being torn to pieces. .The prisoners called their leader Daniel, and no lion's den- could have been' more dangerous than the. courtyard of the Conciergerie after dark. But Daniel went boldly into the midst of the brutes. He not only pampered their appetites, but ho had a knack of seizing a dog by its forepaw, and by pressing a certain nerve between' the first and second claws had -the animal at his mercy.- It seemed as if the influence Spread from oneto the. other.*{Ar paw in Daniel's hand the dog would.howl and Beize the hand, as if it would gnaw it, but it ended in nothing worse than a rough fondling, and Daniel was the dog's master. And so, -M. de Ja Galetierre explained* the road was clear, when the window bam should be removed. Ho further informed -De Fournier that all sorts of people were permitted to enter the prison:; tavern-waiters, vendors of \ various ^ wires, money-changers, and others. In the .daytime the courtyard was a rendezvous for friends of the prisoners who were not afraid to exhibit tin interest in them-r-whieb, however, now. and then led to their arrest.. Benches were placed alongside the grated barrier, and here all day long communication with the outer worldwas maintained mostly by ..friendly intercourse, often, however, through .malcontents who:-re viled the prisoners and.,bade them prepare .to embrace Da belle guillotine.. ' As a conclusion to these particulars M. de la Galetierre, laying his hand affectionately on De Founder's shoulder, exclaimed, " And you come just in time to participate in ■ Our scheme!" ... ., ... ." And to perish if it faus, . he replied./ _ "In that case we shall only only anticipate our end by a day or- two. • The work of destruction has begun in terrible earaest. Every day the procession' 'to' the knife is recruited from the Conciergerie. We_ were twenty; in this narrow room when I was brought into it. - With you, we; are now fifteen." - , ••• ., - ; .- ; "And ybu sleep here?' - - ■ "Don't you see the beautiful .straw upon the benches round the cell?" -• v !' Yes, and smellit," said De Fournier. -£ \--"My dear friend, you'should have seen the hole they- thrust; me.-.into, festering with filth, .the atmosphere ..thick with' the oaths of my; companions, who all day long cursed and swore and. diced and . smoked black tobacco,, and 'drunlc bad brandy supplied -by the warders.- They requisitioned me at once for two days' -supply..and fell upon me when 1 refused to join in their game.' ... ■' - • Further conversation was interrupted by the arrival of supper,' which was spread on a long ricketty .table,, and paid'for .by. the " treasurer," as an aged viscount was called.-in these ■ early -days • -of the Revolutionary Tri bunal and the reign of the demon Fouquler Tinville, the 'regiinen was less severe than it was later, though a .more., rigid disoiplme followed. At first, while only too often political -prisoners were mixed with ordinary , malefnctorss there • was the alleviation , of mutual help. The rich were allowed to feed the poor.' While the Commune 'denounced the noblesse for. every crime under the sun, they committed-the poor in1 most of'the prisons to the tender mercies of the rich; and established within their • houses of. deten tion an almost model republic^, for here';aU classes were thrown together. Companions in misfortune, they became also . friends m their adversity. Men and women of the upper classes fell in. with the- haphazard economy of the prisons and adapted themselves to their, gruesome surrounding with a grace and forti tude ■ that, commanded • the respe'ct of their humbler companions and won even the esteem of many of their bloodthirsty gaolers. _ ' As there-- were extremes of - villainy . and. virtue in the personal history of the daily, story of the revolution, so ill the prisons were exhibited" the highest qualities of human nature and the lowest, the noblest, fortitude and the basest cowardice, the sweetest religious resignation and the wildest despair. . . .• At night De Fournier lay down by the.side of bis friend, but not to sleep. His fellow sufferers were more accustomed to. their .lot.. SomO of them had been there for weeks, several for over a month; and, moreover,^ they laid their heids down upon their hard, pillows with a certain hope of escape. # Anyhow, they had avrived at that state of mind which calms: lien and gives them rest. They knew that, one way or the other, their time was short at the Conciergerie.- Nothing they could do had been left undone to obtain relief. For many nights they had been lulled to sleep by Daniel s file, and on this night of De Fournier's arrival Daniel had informed them that he would finish before daylight and .that on the following, night they would- be free. He never doubted it, and lie was a strong man, sanguine as.he was strong and firm in bis prophecy of escape, and then he had added, ."and once free of this, let no man be brought; back alive ;.as for me, I will be torn to pieces first. _ And py aud-bye the..-monotonous burr of his file was heard abdve' the whispers of those who were awake and :the 'hard breatliing' of those Who, ' were asleep; an'cl it was rather useful, Daniel said, that the dogs should , tear around now and then arid hbwl. -Their music was pleasant : tdth'e; gaolers, for it told them the dogs were on the watch. _ It wos'a terrible'night for DeFournier. He tfelieved that he had not slept a wink,': but he had, dozed off frequently; his brain active and alive all the time with every kind of distress-, ful invention in_ which Mathilde' needed the help and protection he could not- give her, arid always with Grribauval mocking him and load ing Mathilde with compliments worse' than death, arid her mother urging her,to accept the protection which Grehauval offered, her. "Worse fancieri and more'awful possibilities than even these took hold of his imagination, and from groans arid sighs brought him at last upon his knees in prayer; and when liis friend awoke, with a streak of blurred sunlight coming through the bars of the window that now only held together by a remnant of un filed iron, De Foamier. was asleep, his hea£ between his hands, his knees still bent upon the floor. _ . .. . , I "God has been good to him," said De. la Galetierre. " For the present his troubles are. I over; if ho were dead they would bo ended altogether. And yet what a terrible thing it is,' the thought of going to sleep never to. wake again." • (To he continued.) - 