[ALL QUEENSLAND BIGHTS RESERVED.] OF FIRE!-?* W////////////////////////7/////////////////W//////W//////1 A Hew Kbyel by MISS BRAD DOM, ' AUTHOR OF ' • ' ' " ' "Iiafiy Andley's Secret," "The Fatal Three," "Hyllard'i Weird," • . KXhe Day Sill ColSe," Th»» Art the Kan!" Jtc-, &c.; CHAPTER XXIX.—[Continued.) HAT'S ALL!" But when daylight came, Geoffrey was in theuriknown fever-country, the dreadful . topsy - turvy world of delirium. He had two heads, and ha wanted to shoot one of thein- He tried to stand up and - go across the. hut, to fetch the trifle: that hung against the opposite wall; \- hut his limbs refused to obey him. ' He lay groaning, helpless as an infant, muttering that the other head would not let him sleep. The pain was all in that other head. In the long agony that followed nil things were blank; until, after fire days of raging fever, the pnlse grew regular again, the scorching body cooled down to the temperature of healthy life, and . weak, and wan, but rejoicing in freedom from pain, the patient came hack to everyday life, and looked into the faces of his companions with eyes that saw the things that were, and not the spectral forms that people delirious dreams. • ** * One shall be taken,* " he muttered to himself, as he looked from Allan to Cecil, and back again. " I thought it was I. Then we are all three of us alive?" he said, with a catch in his voice that was almost like a sob. "Verymuch alive, and we hope to remain so," answered Patrington, cheeriest of travel lers; "You've had a bad spell of the cursed 3fnknrungu, which I suppose most - have its fling for the next. decade or two, until rail roads, and hotels, and scientific drainage, and Swiss innkeepers have altered the climate for the better. You've been pretty bad, and you've kept us in a very unhealthy district, so as soon as ever you've picked np your strength we'll move on." "I can start to-morrow morning. I feel as strong as a lion." "Does a lion's paw shake as your hand is shaking now? Hy dear.Geoff, yon are as weak water, we'll give you tliree days to recruit. I am too hardened a subject for the . Hukanraga,' which is.& fever of acclimatisa tion, for the most part, and I've been doing a good deal of ambulance surgery among the natives, and we're.a very popnlar^partr- They have .'seldomseen white men in a-bunch.7 Your fiddling, my medicine chest, and sticking : plaster, and Allan's good manners hare made a great effect The blackies are assured that we are all three sultans in our own country." 44 And our Arab friends ?•" " Oh, they have gone on. Wo have only our own men .with us now. Your Makololos "have been miserable about you." They spent a jovial night, Geoffrey's spirits rising to wild gaiety, with that" lightness which comes when a fever patient has str uggled through the thick cloud of strange fancies, the agony of throbbing brain and aching back. He , tuned the fiddle that had been lying mute in its -velvet nest. He fcocked it lovingly under his chin, and laid, his bow along the the strings with light fingers that trembled a \- little in the rapture of that familiar touch. " Shall I bore yon very much if I play ?" be ashed, looking at his elder companion. " Bore us I Not a jot I have sadly missed your'wild strains. There has been a voice wanting—a voice that is almost human, and which seems so much a part of yon that while that was dnmb yon seemed to be dead. Begin your-spells. Play us something by one of your 'Owskis,—JimowsH, —Bobowski —whichever yon please." Geoffrey drew his bow across the strings with a swelling chord, a burst of bass none like the sudden pealing of an organ, and began a Wallachian dirge. "Does that give yon the scene?" be asked, pausing and looking round at than, after a tremendous presto movement. "Does it con jure up the long, dismal road, the funeral train, the wild wading of the mourners, the groaning men, the shrieking women, even the whining and whimpering of the little children, the stormy sky, the thick darkness, the flare of the torches,thetxamplingof theiron-shodhoofs ? I can hear and see it all as I play." And then he began the . slow movement, the awful ghost! v adagio with its suggestion of all things horrible, its eccentric phrasing, and discordant chords, shaping a vision of strange, unearthly forms. "It's a very jolly kind of music," Cecil Pat rington said thoughtfully, " I mean jolly diffi cult, don't yon know. But if yon want my candid opinion as to what it suggests, I am free to confess it sounds to me like your improvised notion of the Hnknrnngn—all fever, pain, and confusion" "The Hnknnmguf Not half a bad name for a descriptive sonata!" laughed Geoffrey, patting his fiddle to bed. And then they brought out the cards, and played poker for cowries, Cecil Patrington, as asoal, the winner, by reason of that inscrutable countenance of his, which had hardened itself in. all the hazards of an adventurous career! They were particularly jovial that evening, and flung care to the winds that sobbedv and muttered along the shore. ' Geoffrey's gaiety communicated itself to the other two. They drank their moderate potations; they smoked their pipes ; and Patnngton diaootrrsed of an ideal settlement where the surplus population of Whitechapel and Berznondsey were to come and work m a new Arcadia, a place of flocks, and herds and coffee fields, nnder a smokeless heaven. . . "For mr own satisfaction, I would have Africa untrodden and unknown, a world of* wonder and mystery," he said; "bnt the be ginning has been made, and the coming century will see every mission settlement of to-day develop into a populous centre of enterprise and labour. Crowded-ont England will come here, and thrive here, as it has "thriven in less fertile lands. Englishmen will flock here for sport, pleasure, and profit." " And th^se native sultans-—these little kings and their peoples ?" ' " Ah, that is the problem! God grant there may be a bloodless solution I" , That was the last night these three travellers ever sat together over their cards and pipes, ever laughed and talked together with hearts at ease. .They were to resume their journey next morning, but when all was ready for the start, Allan discovered that Cecil Fatrington was too 21 to walk. 44 Fve had a bad night," he confessed, 44 the kind of night that lets one know one has a head belonging to one. But the men can carry me in a fitter. I shall be all right to-mono w. Fd much rather we jogged along. This is a vfle feverish hole." There was no question of jogging along for this hardy traveller. The oppressive drowsi ness, which is sometimes the first stage of ! malarial fever, held him like a spell. He looked - at his companions dimly, with eyes that sparkled and yet were cloudy with involuntary tears. He could hardly see theiranxious faces. 44 Fm afraid Fm in for it," he faltered. 441 thought I was fever-proof." He sank upon the iignow camp bed in a shivering fit, and Geoffrey and Allan spread their blankets over him. They heaped every, bit of woollen covening they possessed .over those shaking limbs, but could not quiet the ague fit or bring warmth to the ice-cold form. Dreary days, dreadful nights, followed the sad waking of that sultry morning. The turn young men nursed their guide and captain with unceasing watchfulness and devotion. Geoffrey , developed a feminine tenderness and carefulness | which was touching in so fitful a nature. But fliey could do isoTitflc.. -Ahd^EtT ivhom^ tlicjr" ! watched and cared for knew not, or only knew m brief intervals, oftfceir loving care. " They tried to sustain each other's courage. They told each other that malarial fever was only 8 phase of African travel; an unpleasant phase,-but not to be avoided. They knew all about the fever from bitter expenenoe; and here was Geoffrey but just recovered, and doubtless Patnngton would mend in a day' or two, as he bod mended. 41 don't suppose "he's any worse than I s," said Geoffrey. • "I don't know that he's worse, "bnt the symptoms seem different somehow: He doesn't answer to the medicines as yon did." The symptoms developed unmistakably after this, and the fever showed itself as typhus in its moat deadly form. Swift on this nidation came the end; and in the solemn stillness of the forest midnight they knelt beside the un conscious form and watched the parched/ quivering lips from which the breath was faintly ebbing. One last sobbing sigh, and between them and the captain of their little company there stretched a distance wider than the breadth of Africa, farther than from the Zambezi to the Congo. A land more mys terious than the Dark Continent parted them from him who was last week their jovial, hardy comrade, sharing the fortunes of the day, thinking of death as of a shadowy some thing waiting for him afar off, at the end of in numerable journeys and long years of adven turous activity—a qmefc haven, into which his bark would drift when the timbers were worn thin with long usage, and the arms of the rower were weary of plying the oar. And death was'close beside them all the time, lying in wait for the gallant spirit, like a beast of prey. "Oh, Cod, is there another Africa where we shall meet that brave, good man again Y" cried Allan. " Which of our modern teachers is right? Liddon, who tells us that Christ rose from the dead? or Clifford, who tells us ; there is nothing—nothing, no Great Com- ! panion, no Master or Guide; only ourselves and our faithful service for one another—only this poor humanity ?" He looked up appealinglv, expecting to see Geoffrey's face on the other side of the bed; bat be was alone. Geoffrey had fled from the presence of death. He had rushed out into the wilderness. It was late in the following after noon when he came back. The men had dug a grave under a great sycamore, and Allan was about to read the funeral service when Geoffrey re-appeared. White, haggard, with wild eyes, and clothes stained with mire and sedge, the red clay .of the forest paths, the green slime of swamp and hog, Allan could only look at him in pitying wonder. "Where in heaven's name have yon been?" he asked, locking up from the rough basket work coffin.—bamboo and. bulrush—interwoven by native hands. "I don't know. Out yonder, between the. plain and the river. I was a craven to fly from the face of death—I, a soldier," with a short ironical laugh. "I don't know how It was witfi mo last night. I could not bear it. I had been' thinking of that verse in^ the gospel-—1 One shall be taken;* but I didn't think it would be that one—the'hardy, ex perienced traveller It might have been yon or L ' Not he, Allan.' It was a blow, wasn't it?—a blow that would shake a strong man's nerves?" . ' .* Allan stretched oat bis hand to his comrade in silence, and they • losped hands, heartily on Allan's part; and his grip was so earnest that he did not know it clospea a nerveless hand. "It was a crushing blow," he said gravely. " I don't blame you for being scared.^ You hare come back in time to see him. laid in his grave, and to say a prayer with me." * Geoffrey shrugged his shoulders with a hope less look. - "Where do our prayers go; I wonder. We know no more than the natives, when they sacrifice to their gods.' Isn't it rather feeble to go on praying when there never comes any answer. .1 saw you prayiog last night-— wrestling with God in prayer, as pious people call it. I saw your forehead damp with agony, your lips writhing-—every rein in your clasped hands standing oat like whipcord. I watched you and was sorry, and would have given ten years of »<y life to save his ; but I couldn't pray with you. And, you see, there came no answer. Inexorable Nature worked out her problem in her own way Your prayers—my silence; one was as much nse as the other. Nobody heeded us'; nobody cared for us. The stroke ie3L" " Ah, we know not! tFc know not. There iscompeusataonperbnps. We shall eeo and know our friends in heaven, and look' back and know that we were children'groping in the* dark Try to believe, Geoffrey. Belief is best." "Belief. The universal -anodyne, the Christian's patent painkiller. Yes, belief is best: but, you see. some people cannot believe. I cannot. . And I see only the hideous side of death—the dull horror of annihilation. A week ago we had a man with us—the manliest of men—all nerve, and fire, and brain power, brave as a lion, ready to do and endure—and now we have only—that," with a look of heart-sickness, "which we are impatient to put out of sight for ever. Put it in the ground, Allan; fill in the grave; trample it down; let us forget that there was ever snob a man." , . He flung himself on the ground and sobbed oat his grief. There had been somethingVin the blunt, dogged straightforwardness of Cecil Patringtou's character which had attached this wayward nature to him with hooks of -steel. V" *• "I loved hira," he .muttered, getting up, calm and grave even to sullenness, "And now you and I are alone." ' He stood beside the grave where native hands had gently lowered the rough coffin, and where Allan had scattered flowers and herbs,' whose aromatic odours hung heavy on the still sultri ness of the atmosphere. He looked at Allan, and not with looks o f lore. . "Only we two," he mattered, "and these black beasts of burden." 