'TEA-MEETING AND CONCERT. A TA,-.rCOETtNo and concert in aid of the funds of tho Prohibition Leaguelo were given in the Prohibi tion Hall last evening, the loegue boingf assisted by the Women's Christian Toemporance Uttion and the Good Templrs. The attendance was not very on enouraing. There were four tables at the tean-the bachelors', attended by Biss McInne, Miss Wheatley, Mrs. MIcInues, and Mrs. A. H. Line : the W.C.T.U.'s, attended by IMeadames Lumsden, D)alton, J. E. P. Walker, and Pinkney; the Prohibition Lonague's, at tended by Miss Trigiono, Miss Hahn, Mrs. eoss, and Mrs. Pedley; and the Good Templars', attended by SIiss Pinkncey, Miss Hill, tMrs. Sims, Mrs. Cole moan. The hall was nicely decorated. At the concert Mr. J. Lumsden, president of the Prohibition League, was in the chair, and en the platform with him were Mrs. Oliver (president of the local branch of the W.C.T.U.), Mrs. Tudor, and Mrs. Pedley. Th proaeedings began with an overture played by Mlr. Wallter Thermos. The President said it was about a year ago since Mrs. Larrison Leo visited Goulhurn. The outcome of her meetings was that a prohibition league was established in the town. It had had a life of one year, and he regretted to say that owing to want of funds they would have to discontinue their work for the present, but they would return to it shortly. Probably they would have to give up the hall. At this stage he must apologise for the absence of the Rev. Mr. Holden, who was aboentt throughl the death of a friend, and for Mrs. Oliver, who, though showing her sympathy by her presence, would be prevented by a cold from speaking. During the year the Prohibition League had carried oni the work in the most ag gressive way possible, and ha3 given fully i00 pledges to people in town. The good they had done no person could calculate. Instances had come under his own observation where they had done a vast amnount of lasting good. He trusted that those connected with the league would ally themselves with other organisations and help the cause along. When the good old times returned they would perhaps be able to carry on the work with even greater success. The movement was going on in various parts of the colony, and he believed that at next election, or probably the one after, prohlibition would be a plauk that the people would fight for. A duet, " Come o'er thle Moonlit Sea," was prettily siung by Miss Wheatley and Miss Holden. MIr. Soften was not heaIrd to his usual advantage in " Hear the Wild Winds Blow." " Love's Old Swveet Song" was sweetly sung by Miss Gandy. " Heolon the Leper" was by request recited by Mr. J. P. Astbury, whose capabilities as an qlocu tionist are well known. Recalled, he gave a comic verso. Mrs. Pedloy, as representing the Good Templars, was call-d upon for a short address. She said that aiggressive work need not cease, if the Prohibition IHall were given up, if the members of the various orgauisations woroked as they ought to. They could always carry on their work in tlhe open air. She invited all who were not total abstatiners to be initiated into the Good Templar Order. "The Gallants of Eigland" was spiritedly ren dered by Mr. A. Mitchell, and he repeated a verse in reply to an encore. Iiss VWheatleoy sang "Apart" with much sweetness. Miss Pinkney, who has a voice of omen promise, contributed "Bide a WVee." " A Wooden Leg," a comic reading by Mr. W. S. Foxanll, was much appreciated. The Rev. D. J. Graham sanid thatt all workers needed a solid faiith in their workl, and hope for it. A good many were fond of new organisations, and there was a lack of steadfastness about the tem perance aud Christian workers in the town. They wanted a man in thie town--something with a back bone. He found very few in Gotlbura who would work steadfastly in a cause for any length of time. Until they stood their ground they would never maitko any progress. If they ithad not a right to put out their ihands to save their brothers mand sisters fromn drinlk no one had. 1'aithl, courage, enthusiasm, steadfastness, oand common sense were the essentials of tho man they wanted. If the temperance workers had not those attributes they should get them. God forbid that that hall should bhe closed. He had not heard that one public-house hadbeen closed since it had comte into existoence. Let them ask for help from the Holy Ghost. He entreated aill to take the pledge. Miss Holden was the next vocalist, her number being " OGrt Pro Nobis." A dialogue by Miss and tIaster Iiarvrey was followed swith interest. Miss Walker sang " Angels Ever Bright and Fair," and made a very good impression. " Sweet Marioe" was piquantly sung by Master Taylor; who bowed in reply to an encore. Mrs. Tudor, representing the W.C.T.U., gave an address. She was glad to know that there wore in the temperance cause men whose actions showed that they respected themselves and that they were engaged in ai sacred cause. She thought it was a g'reat oshame to those who professed to love temoperance that they should stay away on all occasions when an extra effort was being made to meet expense. Oftentimesc they were just the class of peopole who were so fond of fihding fault with others. They had to regret that this spirit of oriticismi\was about. All engagedin philauthropic worlk hbd to feel it someo time or other. Those standing aloof judged with an unmerited judgment those who tried to do God's work. In the temper-. ance and other causes the workers had often to stand under slurs, to be misconceived and mis understood; but they were stronger than ever they were to-day. They would help those who had fallen to escape from a life of ein and evil and impurity, but they would not contribute to their evil passions. Even in this little affair of the Prohibition Hall those wlho would not contribute would be the first to laugh at them when they had to close the doors; but what need they care so0 long as they were honest and firm and diligent in the cause? Shite hoped that the hall might yet be retained wi:hout its being such Ia strain on the few. "IshIlnd of Dreamns" was excellently givenby Mr. Softon, and was certainly tile gemt of the oevening. "Christmas Day in the Workhouse" was recited in a muost emphatic manner by SMr. P. McIGaullevy. The chairman said it did inot niecessarily follow that the ball would be given up, as a general meeting of temporance worklers would be called before the final step was taken. He thanked the W.C.T.U. and the Good Templars for th.ir assist ance on behalf of the Prohibition League. He also thanked the various performers. He thought it would boe a standing disgrace if they gave iup the hall, the rent of which wtas only £5 a month. In , any event the aggressive work would still go on. They had not directly closed the publio housets, but they had indirectly. He drew attention to the!o non-observancea in town of the laws relating to Sunday-closing and selling after prohibited hours, and in conclusion moved a vote of thanks to the W.O.T.U., the Good Templarst, and the performers. This having been accorded, the proceedings closed with " Go;d Save the Queen." 