.* ' .-M-rf- v^IIJliAlll.-; c,,.-.:l,i.r:\:}i. Among the kecdlleetionfe vi Mxi FrpudtvwbicK ippear- in the ^January ? ? number of 'the -** *Goa« ? ?' remporaty: lieview,*- the ? writer, ^Uie late atrsV*'* Alexander IrehMid, relates the following adven- ' * ^Qre which befell Mr. Froude, herself, ;and Syoie friends' when out in a small ssiliog boat iu ar Sir. Froude's rcsileuce :— ? 1 «« Tiioie was a whistling, keen cry^in the v.intj, and we wereiiunied., saong-fcVsSflbeer force of the current of * air abd water. -Openihgmy oyts^ I was,, suddenly - aware of. a chante in the scl- uo. - An ominous blackness lay on tne water immediately aroumi our little boat. '1 lie' nun . still shone at a distance, bat we seemed -in nifjht. Tliepry rf W:« winJ was raised to a wild , shriek, tlie. water rose tuuiultuously, the fierce gale came 'dowli bue of those * chines,' as the Devonshire folk call them — one of those Harrow clefts between two. hills. The . sky, too, hid changed*; the ~eail al -cost- struck the water; rain aud sleet fell abundantly. ' ** Just before ttus change of weather I had been saving to Mr. Broude, * I shall never be lieve thai I have been: here; it is sll like a dream to me, this experience.' And iny com paniou had said, ' You are like the lady wtio saw a ghost in her dream and would not believe in it. Shall I grasp yourarmi 'and lea^'e a black mark as a sign ? or is there any other way ?' 'His dark eyes were very close to me, and 1 added nerrously, « Oh, I »n» only joking.' ' * Bat.' be continued, * will DOthinp remain to you of these sights and impressions after you leave us P1' - ? ? ' ? To me,1! I said, ' all will remain : but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another.* . : ' Ho made no reply. The ' squall ' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, the sail again dipping terribly. The little craft could not be righted. Froude, who -still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what seemed to me a sardonic smile, and perfectly unmoved : ' ? Are you afraid ?' lie spoke loudly — for the roar of the elements made it needful. ' I met hie. look and said quietly, ' Not in the least !' on which he turned his head from me. . ? ' y ' The stormjnow grsw more viohnt. Miss Froude, who was self-possessed, but very pale, said, so as to be heard : ' * I think we are in danger, Ulhor.' To which the reply, given without a tinge of emo tion, was : ''Very likely.' * ' It flashed through tnv mind with the strange rapidity that is born of such moments, that a near possibility lay at band of our all be ing drowned— since the capsizing of & pleasure boat in deep waters has often led to such an end. 1 saw, in my mind's eye, the submerging of that little unmanageable craft. I thought : Here is Mr. Froude, 70 years of age— mjself 50 —he not longiug to live — I not longing to live. Hitherto I ha i been careful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of tbe boat I felt an inclination to catch at bis -arm. but did not. ' Still,' thought I, ' if we drown it will be together ' ; and conscious myself of entire phys ical dis&l-ilitv;,it might, after all, have been that we should have clung together in that suoreme moment. It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through ray mind. For again Froude'6 voice said, close to my ear : ' * Are you ready r' . ' And something nerved me up to add dis tinctly : ' ' Quite ready. The place and the hour and the' company will do very well, if it is to bs now aud here !' ' * Well,' said he dreamily, ? if 'tis not now, 'tis yet to come ; the readiness is all ? ' ' And almost as eoou as the words were spoken, the boat righted, tbe stress of tbe storm abated, aud we got under shelter of some rocks. 'Then Froude said coldly, ' Don't trust to first impressions, Mrs, Ireland !' And he gave me emu of his untavourable, searching looks.' 