THE SHERBROOKE ELEC TORATE. Mr. Garrard Opens Fire. A Cordial Reception. The Hon. Jacob Garrard, Minister for Education, opened his campaign at Foirfiold ou Tuesday when he spoke to a crowded and sympathetic uudionco in the Fuirfield Hall. Mr. David Dale, ex-M.P. for Central Cum berland, took the chair and in his opeuing re mumo uwuiion tue recor.r action ot the Upper House. Ho had supported that body in tho past, but ho did net bolievo that it should be supported now that it had shown itself against tho will of tho people. Mr. Garrard who was received with cheers said that at tho last election 12 months at'o thoy were called upon to elect their represen tative for three years. At that titno Sir Geor-'o Dibbs wub in power but the country spoke out for freetrado and Mr. Kei-'l was called upon to form a Miniatry. Tho speaker was hut he did not jump at it. He asked Mr. Eeid the lines of his policy. Mr. Eeid eaid that tho electors had spoken out forfreotraduand direct taxation. Tho speaker hesitated at firat but ho would i.sk them was it best to bo ono of the 126 who had a any in political mattors or ono of tho 10 who had a voice in framing the laws of tho country, Ho accepted offico as Ministor for Education, and if any man thought ho did wrong they should have opposod him whon ho came up' for re-election. He knew many would say ho had dono wrong, but ho contonded thut he had acted for ths best'. Many said this wau a weak Ministry. — [A voice: Tho best wo over had !'1— but ho maintained that no Ministry had over shown SO Stuon 11AOKB ?NE. Ho would mad tho prognmme of the Govern ment because it was upon that that they should bo judged. Tho lirat thing wan tho roform of tn*1 land laws to afford greatnr fncilily tor settlement on the soil. Tho Ljnd Hill p-.ssea by t!.o Houso was tho faireat and most liberal monauro that had ovor boon passed ?snd that ono Act stamped tho sosaion a~a ono tiaught with tho bi-st results. Tho next item wiih tho repealing of tho customs duties. An -tiq.iiry mto tho public expenditure was ono of tho first nnt-i of tho Govornmnnt and a com mission had brought up n report whioh had Siv.in much valuable information and which would show tho Government how to aot in fuMire. A commission had beon appointed to divitlH tho wholo of tt.o country into local trovoniment areas so as to allow thoir zoal in tho local trovornmnt mnffnr ,\,, ,,!(„„,.,, i,n,i llt!0M miu'o to amend tho Coal Mining Bill and the Mining on Private Property Bill bad been blooki'd by the Unpnr House. I A voice : Chuck th,-m out!] 'Tho Trades Conciliation -id Arbitration Act bid been introduced by him a.'i tho Minister for Labour and had boon slaughtered by tho TJpnor House. Ho conton 'led that tho S atn should step in and compul ?wily see who was wrong in trade disputes. O'h«r acts wore introduced and tho roform of '.hi; Marino Board was passed by tho Lower houso giving,- overyono concerned representa tion on tho B}!ird. This bill was olao thrown out by tho Upper Houso. The Medical Bill had also been attended to. Tho Oosta Eica caso had boon considered and a demand made for eompensationr but there was not sufficient backbone in the last Gnvorn ment, and tho present Government sent home such telegrams that thoy gut tho case sub mitted for arbitration between tho two countries. Tharo was no division taken on tho address in reply to the programmo of tho presont Govorumont because tho Opposition acknowledged that tho Miniatry had the ooun tryat its back. Tho Government bad first decided to_ give an extra hour to legislative work. This was opposed, by the way, by Sir Henry Parkt b who thought it would be putting a sprug hi the wheel of the APPLE OAUT OF O. U. llF.ln ANn en L^sat election many hud oppostd him on account of his support to payment of members and during tho session Mr. Buvister brought in a mil for payment by results and ho voted for that. (Hear, hear). Mr. Crick brought in a bill for a. money deposit by candidates. At last election the numbar of candidates had been very groat and tho country put to a great expense through the plethora of candidatos, many of whom had not the ghost of a show and on that account he supported the introduc tion of the bill. Tho Ministry had brought in a loan bill before Christmas and most of tho monoy had beon expended in permanent and lasting works. Tho expenditure of loon money on the thinning of forest reserves of the country was sanctioned and it had givan work to many and been a great: advantage to tho colony. To fill a vaoancy Mr. Jaok Want woo appointed Attorney-General and on taking tho position, he HELD OUT THE OLIVE BEANCII to tho Upper House, so aa to give them a fair chance. (The npeakor road from Hansard the speech of Mr. Wuiit.) That apeeoh should have fetched them, but all know how the chamber had acted afterwards. At tho Christmas season tho Houso adjourned;in prefer ence to proroguing. They met again in Febru ary and wore greeted with a want of ooufidouco motion by the leader of the Opposition, Sir Georgo Dibbs. The Ministry CASI15 VP SMILINOLY and after a long tedious debate, whioh wasted time, the House baid by a majority of G6 to 27 'Sir George Dibbs, we believe in the Ministry and not in you.' (Cheers). Many could not see why the niliECr TAXATION should bo brought in separate bills. The Miniatry know that thoir work was with the machinery bill. By dealing with the mattor in three: bills it wis only neees-mry for tho bill imposing the t.ux ..ml st .tin- the amount to be of uno oluusf. Aud in this way it would be easy to repeal it nnd alter it us tho needs of the countrv demanded. One year they miVht rrquiro Id in the £ and the m-xt perhaps a halfpenny m tho £ as cireumBtineeBdem-inded [* voice ; It will never got smallor.] The' House carried the bill by a 2 to 1 majority and sent it to the Upper Houee. MTV FOR I'AUKES. He felt mum pity than anything olso for Sir Henry Parkea for clouding over bis past bril liant oareer with his childish actions now. Sir Henry entered into a combination with Sir George Dibbs {a voice : ahumo) and moved a motion censuring tho Government for retarding useful legislation and blooking federation But he would liko to ask who retarded legislation more than Sir Henry Parkt-s and Sir George Hibbs? (Cheers). They had good federation bouovcrs in the Ministry, but other reforms were needed first (cheers), and federation would bo brought on in its place. The motion had been lost by G7 to 31. Even if the coalition had bton successful in ousting the Government the people would have, risen up and shouted out ahame ' with no uncertain sound. The last Government had passed a VIN*K mflRAHI'H IITT-.T. which tho members for Central Cumberland hud opposed, and now it had beon proved that tho bill was usolesa. Tho board had done its best, but tho machinery was unworkable. An utnonding bill hud been introduced- by the Ministry, aud as it passed the Lower House would have given rolief to tho vinegrowers Tho Upper Houso hud rejected the hill. Com ing to THE LANU TAX HILL ho said it was mot in tho Uppor Houso, with cries of execration, it wua postponed and whon it came up again and Mr. Want was absent through illness, his colleague asked for a furthor adjournment for 48 hours, and thev naa tne discourtesy to refuse and expelled tho order of the day. Tho Upper Houso wore the nominees of Parkea and Dibba, and had been primed up by those gentlemen to resist tho will of the people. The question was whether the olectors wero to rule tho country or bo ruled by the Uppor House. He did not beliovo in i abolishing tbo Upper Houso, but it ehould never dare to interfere with tho will of the people. Tho land bill was passed by the Houso and when it wont to tbo Upper Houso it wan tne people s measure, and tho Uppor House dotormined to resist any taxation that would in any way affect themselves, rejected it on the second reading. (Cries of 'Shame and dis grace on them,' und ' Ohuok them out.') Tho question was whothor the people should rule. ('Yes.') Ho did not know of any Government of tho past that would have gone to the country at the present juncturo but the presont Ministry was resolved that it ?WOULP NOT SINK ITS PRINCIPLES and would socner leave office than hold it with dishonour. (Cheers). The ministry had given notice of motion to roform tho Upper Chamber ana tnon thoy came to tho country. They proponed to lwve B0 members and have 12 men goinir out ovory yoar, so that in S years it would bo a now houeo and the people appointed »would bo in touch with the. people outside. Monoy bills could go to the Uppor Houeo, but tho decision of the Lower House must bo final. (Oheors). Any question rejected twice by the new Uppor House would bo submitted to tho country. Those woro tho lines of roform pro posed. Ho put himself in their hands. Every muu who voted himself out of tbo Houso on principle should be put buck again. (Oheors) Ho asked thorn to v PtlT HIM HACK ub ono of 10 who had introduced these measuros and ho asked thorn to put tho ministry back altogether bo aa to dooide that tho people of tho country should rule. Ho did not grumble at people coming out at ordinary elections, bat ho thought that ho ehould be returned this time without opposition, especially with wjgurd to ! reettade. (Applause). ( Tho candidato ropliod to a number of ques tions nnd a vote of confidnncn was (on tho motion ot Mr. Stiome) unanimously carried. 