CHAPTER VI. Once, in the month of January, the Bankshire hounds met in the Heather down country, and late in the day ran into Pyramid Wood, where the hunted animal found a safe refuge from his foes, and two others went away simultaneously in opposite directions, to the great confusion of field and hounds. Horne were blowing men galloping, and, ' tallyhoing over,' and . tallyhoing back,' and what not, all over the place, and in the result Evelyn, the captain, and the parson were thrown out. When the hounds did get away they were not with them. ' This way ! I think we can nick in. That will be his point,' quoth the parson, helter skelter across a piece of stubble, but they had? not gone a furlong before the captain's mare put her foot into a blind drain, turned a somersault, half rolled over her rider, and as she got np gave him tap on the side of the head which drew blood. Evelyn screamed. Mr. Waynfleet pulled up his horse, and slipping out of the saddle with the agility of a eircus rider, ran to the fallen man, who lay like one dead. I It's only a scalp wound,' he said, using his pocket handkerchief as a sponge, ' ana the wind is knocked oat of him. My flask, please.' The rector raised the captain's head, and helped by Evelyn, who had also dis- mounted, poured some sherry down his throat, whereupon Mozley sighed, stared, groaned, tried to rise,- then fell back and groaned again. 'Where are you hurtP' asked Mr. Waynfleet. 'Everywhere; I think, my leg, my arm, ¡ my aide. The parson, who in his long life had seen many accidents hy flood and field, felt Meredith all over. ' Á contused leg, a broken rib, a broken collar bone, and a broken 'head ; nothing very serions, thank God/ he mattered. ' Where shall we take him, Miss Evelyn r" ' To the Hall, of course.' * What will your aunt say P' ' My aunt is a Christian woman, Mr. Waynfleet. She will receive Meredith into her house, and do for him exactly what she would do for any other gentle- man under simiiiar circumstances.' ' Very well.' * Stay I I have an idea. We will call him Captain Meredith simply-nothing more. Then, when he is better and my nant has got to like him--they say yon always do get to like people on whom yon eonfer a benefit-we will tell her who he is.' * And a very good idea it is. Do your hear, Mozley P Toa are Mozley no longer. We are going to take you to Heatherdown Hall, and introduce you as Captain Meredith.' «?AU right. I'm in it/ said the cap- tain, faintly. < Another drop of sherry, Waynfleet/ ' And now we must contrive a stretcher.' Mr. Waynfleet directed several yokels, who were looking on, to take s gate off irs hinges, and lay on it their coats and his own covert coat, using the latter as a pillow. The wounded mau was then transferred from the ground to the im- provised litter, which the yokels shoul- dered .and carried slowly to ' the Hall, whither Evelyn was already gone. Her aunt said ehe had done quite right. * My house is always open to gentlemen who are hurt in the hunting field, I will have a room prepared at once and send tot a doctor. Poor fellow! An officer .from Barley, did you say P' j 'Tes.. His name is Meredith-Captain Meredith.' ! ' Do yon know in what regiment ?' 'I think 1 heard somebody say the] Boyal Boothing Bangers.' ' Formerly the one hundred and fifty second. Your grandfather's old regiment. What a remarkable coincidence ! It is really quite providential. Captain Mere- dith shall have every attention. I do hope be is not seriously hart.' Presently the patient came and was put to bed, and the doctor, when he arrived, confirmed the diagnosis. There were no internal injuries ; and though the scalp wound was rather deep, the contusions were not severe ; bat for tea ' days or more Captain Meredith would have to stay where he was and keep very quiet. He had rather a bad night, naturally, and stayed in bed all the next day; but on the day after that he was helped into an adjacent dressing room and there, as he lay on the sofa, was visited by the ladies, and Evelyn wrote several letters for him. Miss Bellericay took kindly to her gaest from the first, lt seemed as though she could not do enough for him, and before he had been in the house a week confided to Evelyn that she bad seldom met a yoong man who had im- pressed her so favourably. 'Such a thorough gentleman, you know, and so bright and intelligent! I wonder who his people are P' When the captain was pronounced fit to come downstairs he asked Miss Belle- ricay whether his mother and sisters might see him. * Of course. Say I shall he delighted to make their acquaintance. Your place is in the next county, I believe P' « Yes, Waterbrook Priory.' * Let me see ! Wasn't that Sir Hum- phrey Clutterback's place P' * Yes, my father bought it a short time ago.' * And the estate P' * And the estate.' ' Dear me P These Merediths must be ! rieh/ thought Miss Bollericay. Two days later the three ladies, with ! whom Evelyn had been carrying on an j active correspondence, arrived at Heather down Hall, and were shown into the drawingroom by Phipps, who was in the j plot. I «Mrs. Meredith, Miss Meredith, Miss I Alison Meredith/ announced tho butler. 'The captain was reclining in an easy chair, Miss Bellericay on one' side of him, Evelyn on 'the other. The girls had no sooner been introduced to the ladies of ÎHe house than they rushed to their irother and nearly smothered him, with tiBsea. 'I thank yon with all my heart for ÍBing so good-to my tpy, Miss Bellericay, : waa indeed very kind of you to receive .im into your house}/ and as she spoke Mrs. Mozley raised her veil, whereupon |pss Bellericay turned deadly pale, and ¿tarted as if she had seen a ghost. «Whp-who are you f sheened. 'That |aoe, that face-Qb, pardon me, but yon «re so like my mother, Mrs, Meredith, §o like < Like our mother, Mary.' <Nb, no, it Ts impossibley you cannot he--' «lam indeed your elster, I. did not think ever to eeo yon , again. But yon have entertained my son unawares, and treated him as your own, for which God bless you, Mary, and I am come to thauk you sud to make a last appeal in the name of onr mother, whom you eay I resemble, for a renewal of our friendship.' ' But how--I don't understand-you married a Mr. Mozley-this gentleman calls himself Meredith,' exclaimed Miss Bellericay, who was evidently labouring nnder great excitement. * That was my doing, aunt,' said Evelyn. ' His name ia Meredith Mozley ; but il wanted you to know him before you found out he was your nephew. Also the coming of aunt Beatrice is my doing ; for I felt eure that if you met once more, face to fapo, in the presence of her children, who are as near akin to you as I am, and she appealed to you in the name of Him who bade ali who love Him to lovo one another, you could not refusa to be reconciled.' ' And there is another reason for recon I ciliation,' observed Mrs. Mozley, * these , two have thought fit to fall in love.' ' Evelyn, is this true P Was it kind to keep it f rom me P' 'I have not kept it from you long, auntie dear. We only made it np yester- day. And as you said yourself that he was tho nicest, brightest, and best young man you ever met, I thought it would be all right, you know. I am in no hurry to be married, though 1 daresay Meredith would like to be some time ; but only with your blessing and consent, dear auntie,' sud the girl puttier arms round dear auntie's neck sud half smothered her with kisses, ' You will give it ; now, say you will give it I' ' Í give it-you have won,' murmured Miss Bellericay in a broken voice. ' For- give me, Beatrice, and may God forgive me also for being so hard. And don't think I have bo<-u happy. Conscience has often pricked me, especially of late ; but pride conquered conscience, and now, nature and this dear child have conquered priile. 1 thank heaven for putting it into my mind to send for her, and into hers to bring you here, Beatrice.' [ 'And I thank heaven for patting it into Topsy's head to turn a somersault,' ! mused the captain. ' But for that X doubt ¡ whether it would have come off, after all.' [THE END.] 