COMPLETE 52'OBF. NONA'S ESCAPE \ " MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Outlaw and Lawmaker," "An Australian Heroine, " "Polioy and Fassion," &o.; all queenslaud niohts mSSEBVBD. This is a truo story. I know that I am using tho familiar preface to a ghost story, hut my story is not perhaps whnt would bo oaliod a real ghost story, and might possibly bo no- counted for on tho theory of over-wrought nerves and coincidences. It is, however, the only ono of which I havo any personal know ledge. Still I am obliged to confess that the ex perience was not aotually my own, though it is us nourly so as any oxporionco can bo of which our individual souses havo not full cognisance. I was in the room with my cousin Nora whon it happoncd to her, and it was it tragic sequel to ono of tho most painful episodes in Nora's lifo. I will begin ut tho beginning uud tell what led to the glioBtly sequel. Norn's love affairs wero always episodes. Until this particular one occurred sho was always gotling engaged und breaking off her en gagements. I do not know how many times sho hud boon engaged between sixteen nnd twenty- two, which wns hor age at tho poriod of which I am writing. I am reminded of Nora in hor girlish days by tho character of Sarah in Miss Broughton's " Boliuda" — only Nora wus a much moro pootio and emotional porsou thun Sarah. Nora did not engage her. elf merely for tho fun of tho thing. Sho always beliovod herself to bo seriously' und romautically in lovo, und wont through agonies of emotion until sho lmd beon a month or so engaged, und thon alio invariably discovered that sho had made a mistake, and that shS Vis bored. On this dis covery sho cried a gorid deal, took hor father into her confidcnco, und broke off her engugo- ment. Generally, when she broke off her engagements alio camo to London to stay with ino— in order, so she said, to got out of tho un pleasantness. I lmd bettor stato that I am ono of tho eman cipated women ivliu livo alone and work for a livelihood. I am u journalist. I writo social and ouliuary articles, and I report on house decoration und millinery shows. Nora used to liko coming to me for a littlo while. She loved going round tho shops. Sho said alio onjnyed my lifo hocatise it wus so " Bohomiun." Sho liked going with mo to tho Soniorvillo Club— the Pioneer did not exist thon, und probably it would lmvo boon too ml- vunccd l'or Nora, who was osseutiully " weak- womanish " Sho liked being taken to muti- noes, for which I used to got occasional ordors. Tho only tiling alio did not liko was tho food ; and ulso tho shoring of my bedroom, whioh wus far from being as luxurious us Nora's own dainty nest. And Nora wus a littlo bit of a gourmet. I lived in tlio " Single WomonV flats, and whut I didn't buy ready cooked I prepared mysolf at au oil stove. Nora suid tho smell of tho oil took uway hor appotite, und sho doelareJ that tinned toiignes, nnd " Army and Navy Stores" pasties wero apt to pall uftor a fortnight. Sho vory seldom stayed longor than a fortnight. By thut timo things had settled down, and the luckless, rojeotodonehud removed from tlio scene, or resigned himself to his futo. Ho wus almost always a pupil or a ourato. Tlio pupil wus usually leaving at tho " ongagoment" poriod — it wus impending separation which hurried matters to u crisis. Tho ourato lmd sometimes to stay on and wit ness tlio bliss of ills successor. Nora's father, Uiielo Tlioodosius, was a clergyman who took pupils, uud kept a ourato. His living was n good ono, but ho preferred soholurly pursuits to visiting old women, and hut parochial work mostly to his ourato. He was passiouatoly attached to Nora, who was his only child aud motherless. Uncio Tlioo- dosiua did not troublo himself muoh about her engagements, though ho had u queer, stubborn temper, and could bo stern enough on occasions. Ho looked upon thom lis harmless freaks. Somotimes tlio olioseu pupil wns oxtromoly olig bio, and though ho did not want to loso Nora, ho would not havo found fault with her olioioo of a husband. And ho took ouro to en gage curates who woro gentlemen, and lmd prospeots ; so sorious harm oould not happon anyhow. Tho ono . thing Unolo Theodosius took strongly to liourt was prido of birth. His duughtcr must neither marry nor bo ongaged to u man without n pedigreo. I lmd not seen Nora for some time, and had licu'd no news of un ongagomont, and was thoroforo surprised ono morning to receive this telegram : — " Am coming up. House tnko mo in. Will oxpluiu on nrrivuf.. Shall bo with you imme diately. — Nona." I could only wonder what had happoned, and wont on with my work. Presently I hoard a cilb drivo up, uud looking out of my window — I wus on tho first floor— saw a young man stop out aud givo his hand to Nora, who followed. I knew tho young raun— I hnd seen liim two years previously in my unolo's oliuroli, just boforo liis departure for Australia. His numo was Dick Ludlow, and his father hod a farm not far from tlio rectory. I wus amazed to soe him in Nora's company, and still mora umuzed when, nftor sho had bcou udmittod, ho re entered tho hansom and drovo off with whnt uppoarod to ho. all tho luggage they had brought— a Gladstono hug— inside tho lmnsom. A ininuto uftorwnrda Nora onme in. Sho wus vory palo, and hud an odd, dazed, and, yot rooklosnly dotcrralned look. "Nora, what is the matter P" "Will you toko mo in, Kitty?" sho said : "It's only for ono nigjit." "And what is to .happon after that?" I asked, bluntly. "lam going to ho marriod to morrow," sho answered, with a sort of desperate oalm, "Ho has gono to get tho lleonso." " Ho ? Who P " I exclaimed, howildorod. "Dink Ludlow," bIio wont on, with tho same strange oalm. "He brought mo hero." " So I saw, and was nstouishod at tlio sight." I stared at Nora, and thon burst out laughing. "My dear ohild, this isn't April Fool's duy, und I have got to 'send my column to the ' Monitor ' boforo 4 o'ole V. If this is a nraotioal joko, let mo tell you at onoo that I haven't time to do it justioe," "It's not a praotioal joko," sho answered; " it's quito true. He has gone for tho license . Ho can afford it. Ho has found a gold roof in Australia. His partnor is looking after it. He has been in love with mo ever sinco I was a littlo girl, and he came homo on pnrposo to mako me marry him. Then wo aro going to Austrulin." " Nora I " I oried, "uro you mad P " " I know you'd say that, Kitty. No, I am not mod, though I suppose it seems like it. I only know that I've gut to marry him." "Nora! " " Oh ! I know, you aro going to say that you can't havo anything to do with suoh wickedness. But you needn't mind, it's got to bo; and Daddy" — hor voioe faltered now — "Daddy knows that, and ho knows whero I am, una what I am going to do. Wo had a horriblo scene. Daddy has east mo off. I shall nover sea him again I suppose, unless he forgives mo afterwards. But I think he would bo pleased, on the whole, that you wero with mo to tho last. Of ouurso, you oan turn mo I out if you liko. In that case I shall go to a hotel, and I shall ho murriod to-morrow at ton o'clock, just tho snmo." I oould hardly speak in nnswor to this amazing statement. "I shall not turn you out," I said. " I shall keep you in this place, and I shall talk to you all night, nnd I shall take yon baek to-morrow to your father." " There is 110 use in thnt," said Nora. " He knows thut I am determined, aud besidos, I nm of ago, and none cun prevent mo marrying wlioin I please." ' Nora ! is it possihlo that you can love this man? Whore have you seen him ? " "I have met liimu great many times, walk ing and riding." she answered. "Yes, I lovo him. I must lovo him. Ho oan mako me do anything ho pleases." "Then," I oxolaimed, " if you are not mud ho has hypnotised you." This really Roomed tho only possible explana tion. Ho looked like that kind of man. Ho was big, with great piercing eyes and thick blaok hair, nnd a uortain suggestion about him of magnetic power. The more I talked to Norn, the more convinced of this I felt. Nothing would move her.- She oried ; but sho said "ho was too strong for her." Sho must do what he wishod. I argued, reasoned, implored, expatiated on tho misery she was inflioting upon her father. It wub of no use. Sho criedtuo more, hut never faltered from her resolution. Tho inau did not como to seo her that day. Sho said he wub coming for her early on the morrow. I determined that he should not set foot within my doors. I telegraphed wildly to TT110I0 Thoodosius, beseeching him to como up und save his daughter, but 110 answer came. I entreated Nora all tho early part of the night, then I went to sleep. I hnd put her in ray bed, and had set out a enmp bedstead for myself. About twolve o'olook I wub uwukoned by Nora's voice speaking ill a frightened way, " Kitty. Kitty I Wus it you who called me?" I assured hor that I hnd only that moment awakened. Sho was trembling und us white as u sheet. " No, it wasn't you. ItwnsDnddy's voioo — 'Noru, Nora,' ho oriod out — just us if I10 were ill terror — as if I10 were dying. Oh, Kitty, I know something has happened to Daddy— I know it — i fool it." I11 hor anguish slio was more liko her natural self than sho hud boon sinoo hor arrivul. Sho kopt repeating that she knew something hud happened to hor father. After a whilo I paoifiod her and got her, as I thought, to Bleep again. I dozed too; and again I wnsnwakoned by Nora's terrified ncoonts. "Kitty, Kitty! There's somebody on tho stairs, don't you hear thom P" She had got out of bed and was standing in the dim light of the night lamp looking herself liko a ghost, and in an agony of apprehension. I liBtonod but I could hear nothing. "Don't you hear it?" sho repoatod. "Don't you hear thom stumbling. Thoy are trying to carry something — thero aro two of them — I can hoar their hoots shuffling on tho oarpot. Don't you hear them spoaking ' Steady 1 ' it's liko old Nioholas at homo. It's his voico " "My dear," I said, "you must bo dream ing, there is no sound ; nnd, hosidos, tlio stairs hero aro not cavpetod, thoy aro of stone, und if anybody were there I must hear thom." But sho persisted. I lighted a candle. She described the sounds as gotting faintor. To satisfy her I opened tho door and looked ont. I She wns shaking liko an uspon leaf. "It hns stopped now," sho said. " They've got to the top." The moon was shining brightly through tho window of tho landing. I could soo plainly up and down the great stone staircaso of the flats. Thoro was not a sight of anyone visible ; thoro was not a sound to bo heard. I walked bravely to tho next landing, looked down ovor tho balusters, thon weut hack to her. She wns culm now. " Kitty," she said solemnly. " I know what it means. It's a warning. Dnddy is ill. Perhaps ho is dead and I havo killed him. I must go home ot onoo I" Boforo 9 o'olook next morning we were speed ing into the Midlands. The shook of her un- ounny presentiment seemed for tho moment to havo driven from Nora's mind the influenoc of Dick Ludlow, nnd the thought of that mad mnrriago. I could only regard it as provi dential. I was not seriously frightened, for I am not a superstitions womao. But whon we readied the station for Nora's home, ahnoBt tho first faco wo saw was that of old NioholuB, tho gardener, distraught in its nnxioty. "Miss Nora!" ho oried. "Thank God you're here. I. was going to tako the uptrain to fetah you baok Tho master — " Well ? " alio said quiotly " I know what you're goiiig to. eay, Nioholas. I've killed Daddy " Nicholas stared at hor aghast, and fntrly burst into toars. "Tukoulust night, Miss Nora," ho sobbed — " takon in a fit. Fletcher thought I10 hoard him culling on you, Miss Nora, but ho didn't go in, liko a fool thnt I10 were, and whon ho did find tho poor master, ha woro lying on his facu and it was all ovor. We earriod him upstairs, Fletcher and I betwocn us." Noru looked at mo with wild tearless oyes. "I hoard it," she said aolomuly. "I hoard him calling mo." Nora had a brain fovor; she wns ill for a groat mnny wooks. Whon sho eume to horsolf she wus once more in hor right mind, and tho mail who had tried to enslave lior lmd no further power. I don't know whether this would have been so hud sho scon him again. He mudo sovoral uttompta to got to her, but we guarded hor as though wo had boon tbu dragons sot to guard the ennhnntod princess. Whfip sho was well enough, I took hor abroad, or it would be more correct to say thut sho took mo abroad, for sho was rioh and I was poor. Wo kopt tho secret of our wanderings, and young Ludlow was fortunately recalled 10 Australia. Whilo wo were abroad Nora met and married hor present husband. 