Tbt-re is a solid dc-tf-rmlnatioD on the part of public bodJw In Victoria to make the new Governor feel perfectly at homo from what our sportius friends would c-all "the Jump!" Al- ready tne LnlTerslty has Decposco him for SQineihlns;, anrl other active, entcr- prUiap' and far-«eluff public or quasi- public organisations are preparing to capture His Excellency for purposes not wholly unconnected with the well- Max of these raid organisations. Of course, the municipal bodiw will, as in loyalty bound, prepare addresses of welcome. We wonder what Ijecomes of nil the.e thinus! Someihlojr kindred to the Hopctoun competition of five years nco Is to l>e revived, Is already revived indeed, in the Brnssey compe tition. The great question at the committee mooting will, for some time to come, be, " Can wc get the new Governor " No doubt I>ord Brassey will ifood-naturedly lend himself to the purposes of "drawlDK" lurce attend ance-. We notice that the Bendi&o; AcrlcuHuntl -S'x.lcty is actually cabling to III Lordship a request that be will engage to open It Spring Show next month. Which I the more likely to Impress Hi Excellency— the Idea that Victorian ore ninguJarly hospitable or the idea that they are endowed with a remarkable amount of enterprise ? Tho Colonial Department, we have been assured, is to receive the special and tnost sympathetic nttcutlon of the new Imperial Government. Euraest of the fact wns given at the very out- Ret by the selection of so strong a man as Mr Joseph Chamberlain as Secre tary of Suite for the Colonics— virtu ally King of the Britain's Outlying Possession ! Last week wc were told thut a number of experts were to tx) appointed to net as u board of advice to the Minister and help blin iu pro gressive administration of colonial af fair. .Toy unspeakable was promised In most lavish fashion, and opportu nities given for palnttug the pleasant- est pictures of the great mother-nation living In perfect accord with, and in terms of mutual profit and material udvantuge with, her lusty offspring. Where the lightning was going to strike next was a mutter for specula tion. It isn't such a matter any longer I To-day's cable messages appear to settle speculations In tho most effec tive way. All the glowing prelimin aries are followed by what we vcu- turo to suspect is a revolution of real purpose. The four prluctpal Ministers "promise," It Is reported— lids Is an adroit way of suggesting that they ure going to do us a favor— "to carefully consider the suggestion put forward la 18011 by tlio special committee ap pointed by tho now defunct Imperial Federation League, that the Imperial Government should invite the colonic to contribute to the cost of the navy on condition of their having a voice in the naval administration I" The Colo nial cat I apparently out of the Saii- bury hag! A very commonplace way of putting the matter, and we may evcu hope a wrong wnyj but the rlrcuin- HiHiuvs are Hitch lis Invest with a very large reasonableness the suspicion that it Is Uiu right one. Our render may recollect that after giving birth to It mighty Idea nnent colonial contributions to the Royal Navy that -the Imperial Federation : League quietly and prayerfully yielded up the ghost. H was equal to a stu- pendoim effort of gestation, but not equal to surviving it. Tho Victorian Branch and, If wo mistake uot, the London Brntich refused to die. They live to-day, the vital limbs of ft corpse, Htlll ready and nuxlou for hulnes. Ilow they will tako the Salisbury adop tion of the dead parent' orpbuued and hitherto (pilto neglected offspring mains to )>c sect). Meuuwhilc " Tho Times" doe? not eothUse about it. The great British journal " !« of opinion that the cost of the British Navy would be virtually the same as it is now, even If the navy were altogether relieved from the duty of defending the colo nics. It adds that though a voluntary contribution by the colonies to the de fence of the omplr would be welcome a an earnest of their sympathy with Imperial unity, it would be unwise to demand a naval defence lax from the colonies, or invite them to share In the control of the British Navy." That I an intelligent and thougbtfnl statement of the iritloo. If Imperial Fodoralon were actually an accom plished thing a Joint control might mean something. In present circum stances it would mean nothing at all so far as the colonies were concerned. The one thing that we should 1>? con- scions of was the monetary burden. The mtestlon. n crMwl mnnr will fhlnfc ought not to be whether we should pay more, but whether for the large annual contribution (Victoria's share Is £S,0'«j) made to the Aux iliary Kquadron we really get all that we are reasonably entitled to expect! A miserable ending to over twenty- eight years of married life Is that which occurred under conditions so tragic at a tenement in Franklin street to-day. The Walsh family ha/1 not been In com fortable, to Fay nothing of prosperous, circumstances for some years past. Walsh, onto a steady and industrious workman, suffered from the combined disadvantage of ill-laek and dissolute habits. He bad done no regular work. It is understood, for two years. His poor wife, assisted by her sons, "kept the house going" as the homely phrase is. The disagreements in the house hold, Inevitably Incidental to such a state of affairs, became more and more acute. At length, fearing prosecution for his 111-conrluct to Ills wife, Walsh made a desperate and murderous re solve. Only too effectively did the wretched man carry It out Not when primed with drink late In the night, but In the cold-bloodedness of the morning, he ruthlessly slew his life's partner a she was starting out for a day's work as a charwoman. He also tried to kill bis son. and finished up by taking hi, oivn life. An awful tale truly. A tale of mere commonplace peo ple and alas! mere commonplace crime. Vet with a whole world of romance lu the story of those Ill-starred lives, wc doubt not. If we do but sec the grim closing scene side by side In our minds with an easily made picture of the post, when tho ardent wooer John Walsli asked a bright young girl to be come bis wife ! That dreadful new craze of the morn ing paper, which are apparently seek ing to eclipse "The ncrald In head lines, leads to some remarkable If not always picturesque results. To-day wc have, amongst other things, as the title of a cable message, " A Blasted Career ! " This is simply had lan guage ! The heading I used over a report of the death of poor W. IL Hurl hurt, whose appearance In a remark able breach of promise case was one of the society sensations of 1S91. Hurt- bert'H defence was, it will be remem bered, that he was not the man who made lovo to and promised marriage to the plaintiff— that, it was a person named Wilfred Murray, defendant's former secretary. In quest of this Mur ray, real or fictitious, Huribcrt went, after winning the lawsuit. But he did uot succeed, and the cynical shrugged their shoulders. Strangely enough, to day's news Includes the account of n enso heard at Perth in which a man charged with wife desertion utterly de nied that ho was ever married to the prosecutrix. He alleged that It was his brother the lady had married and lived with for nine years, up to April last In this Instance the magistrate elected to believe the wife's testimony, and sought to carry to the mind of the defendant conviction that ho really was the property of the pursuing lady by .Imposing a fine of £5. What effect thut has had we do not know and can only faintly Imuglne. We are nfrald that the morning pa per reports of Mr Justice Hodges's de liverance on the drink question yester day are not qulto sympathetic. Had It been otherwise we would not have hud his Honor's views put in such bald ap position as this:— "He counselled all present never to take liquor unless they felt that they absolutely needed it, and, Instend of entertaining their friends by offerlug them drink, he re commended them to dlMCtiss questions of constitutional history and of social Improvement with those whoin they met, so that each would be better In stead of worse after the meeting." Of course, all the dellcnte vocal Blinding In left. out. The "how much betters." "suppose we says," uud the like, which invest alternatives with feasibility are pmsumiihly left out. This, then, I the sort of picture which the report. If not .Mr Justice Hodge' would suggest. Two ucquulntuuces meet in Collins street : "Good dny." "How d'ye do ?" "I)usly." "Yen." "Gome and have a drink 1" "Excuse me, suppose Instead we dis cuss a question of constitutional his tory. Now give me your opinion of the Bill of Itights. Do you think—" Here we should Imagine the conversa tion will end abruptly by the prccipi- tate flight of a terror- stricken citizen from one whom he had reason to sus pect hud suddenly gone stark staring mad I 