A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. One morning Arthur Heywood received a strange letter. It was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. " Come at once," it said. "I am going tc die, and I want to leave 3tou my property f It seems right to see you first." Arthur had never met his Aunt Maud, whc lived by herself in a handlsome country residence. She had inherited it from her mother, whieio the boys-her brothers-were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's tether had been the eldest; and all he had ever said of his sister Maud was that some. thing site had done in early youth hail made I them all angry,'and that they never saw n each-other, and, for his part, he never I desired to do so. And now, when Arthur HIeywood was quite i alone in the world, this aunt had written to I him. He expected to fid a witch-like' old I woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a s strange, old, black servant-woman had a .opened the door, he was ushered iito a room r where a beautiful woman, who, in the light I of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at a all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out !her I hand to him. t S"You are a Heywood," she said. " You resemble your father, but are not so stern. I Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a I hard life of it, unless he was kinder to her o than to his sister. . ' ' "There, don't speak. I shall say nothing a biut wnat' reel. This estate ought to gb to a Heywood. You shall have it. I.think you will have to wait a few months. My a heart is afficted. I shall die very suddenily. ret present I am not very ill, but it will be as m tDon't express regret. You care nothing or nme, and the estate is valuable, and, above tiI, I hate hypocrisy. I have made my I will in your favor. Stay until the last." r With these words she closed Arthur's d mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty- I year-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, I as though he had been a school-boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be takit ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. '" It is all this talk of dying and of will I and legacies," he said. "I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, lie fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as i a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost. .,eer, he was awakened with a start, to seent d the foot of his bed a little dark woman with ' fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of t some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse ora der- - vent of some sort, and it was Arthur's im. b pression that his aunt was ill. - ' "Have you come to call met" he asked. The woman came a little nearer. a " Yes," replied a voice, which made his a blood run cold ; " that woman is dying." d "' y aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. k " Your aunt," replied the figure. 'If o some one doesn't set to work at once l she'll die without being hung. I want her d hung." " This is a lunatic." thought Arthur. b He started to his feet, draping himself in a I blanket, readyto do what seemed best under I the circumstances, but the woman was gone. t He went to the door. It was fastened as b he had left it on retiring. The windows r were bolted down. There was no possibility d of any one entering the room. Searching it I thoroughly, he nmade sure that no one was a hidden there, resolved that be had had a bad p dream, and composed himself to sleep again, o wondering why imagination should play a such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, d was repeated three times.. Each time the b strainge, dark woman expressed her desire 3 to see Maud Heywood hung, and declared that if it were not done'it would soon be too late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had she beenlin strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But the c'ting, cemed so curious that Arthur made a redord of it in a sort of diary he was in the habit of keeling, following it by some reflections upon icuams. At last. however, he was awakened not by .a ghost, but by a rap on his door. His aunr .was dying-a servant had come for him. When he reached' her room she was in sensible. She never spoke to him again. Ioe could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of. respect possible to her 'memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather fromi curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss IHeywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; andlin due course ot time the will was read. .1 leftieverything to 'Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother. Selim iteywobd, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar-never to be opened on any prettxt whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nel,hew Will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." ' I But Arthur lad no hesitation in agrreeing to this whim of his dead sunt, who, doubt less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did riot rwish to destroy. And lie took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. SYears brought them a family, and still t:he garret remained elosel. A garret is a ,great loss to a housekeelper; but w'eneler Mrs. He'wood made this remark, her hhs. band would reply that "the estate wouldmbe a grenter one." " Who will ever know 1" she would urge. " Who caros 7" " A codicil which I have never seen re. mains," Arthur woulh reply, " Who knqws \- what might happen '?" And so his Fatima did no more than piep through the keyhole of this Uluebtard's chamber. '"The mysterynwas greater, however, to bhe children, and when the eldest boy was ten .~years old it had occurrel to him that o. thbng could be so dilightful as t, peep into "tiat garret, in whieh mighlit be lidden all :'h6rts of wotnderful treasures. And so Qnc ,day, by means of a la~Idlersooe fruit-pickers ..had left near the house, hlie gained thesloling roof, and reached tile dlormer window. " &rchedl; on the sill, he Ipeeped in; but atjhe -'moment the laidder ilipeld. lie remainedlon Sthe window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, rin to his assistance. However, though the child had Sdrept utip the sloping roof, the men could pot o reach him, anil knowing nothing of the .taboo. which forbadie the opening of the Sgarret door, one of them bade the child re mpin where be woas until he came, and trubhed up the staircase, followed by all the hdusehold. Thu door wnas soon broken in, * the window opened, the child rescued. SAnti then the woman, who until now hbad ';frgotten all but her boy's danger, tbok '~breath and looked about her. -'. Th garret was a bare place, hung with L.old garments and smelling hideously. In Sone dark crner lay lwhat looked like a tied. Upon it, what ? To approach,to gaze, and Storush wildly from the room was the wprk 'of a moment. SIt was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered w ith long black hair, that lay there. .Arthur Heywood was absent from homp at ',.the time. When he aturned he found the I rag-seled garret door opened, heard hs wrife's story amidst her sobs of terror knd proceeded to the spot. There he st od, i transfixed with horror and astonishment, The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey ;dress, the white cap, and had the straightbe Sblick hair of the woman who had appe red -o him thrice in a vision, demandingIthe execution of his aunt, Maud Ileywood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explanna. tion be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil had been nveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these words : "This paper will only be opened if the garrtt is opened ..lso. In that case my secret will b- known to those who arcof my own eae, for there was much excitement, when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well.Lnown in the neighborhood, and biut for letters which I wrote myself and ex hibited to curious folk, the truth might have, been suspected at the time. "Jane came to live with me as house. keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I w's betrothed to a urin I adored. My brother Rupert hated him. I: Iplaced Jane Jarvelle in my ho';so as a spy. Sheo intercepted letters and worked in Such a way that my engagement Was broken'off and my' life embittered. My lover left me with scorn, believing a false :tale, and married another. Oneday I niscoered Jane Jar. velle's treachery. I.went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There we had ri scene, and there I murdered her.. I stabbed her to tue heart. She lived only long enough to shritk : "'I will haunt the house until you are hung for this I' "She has done it. I have seen her. But I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in abody, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been ditmissed for disbonet.y. I did not lie. " My brother, lupcrttcros-.questioncd me, and male great search for Jane Jarvelle; the others were never good to me. Ours was an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what has my life been ? Again I say-pity me, and pray for me." 