CHUECH OF ENGLAND TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. The Council of the C.E.T.S. held its monthly meeting on Tuesday, 1st inst., in the Cathedral- Buildings. The Very Rev. Dean Vance presided, and there were also present Ven. Archdeacon Langley, Messrs. W. H. C. Darvall and Geo. Connibere, Revs. G. N. Bishop and F. H. Gibbs, Miss Holloway, Messrs. T. B. Hill, J. Rosier, G. A. Oherrmgton, and F. U. {Seymour. Apologies for non-attendance were received from Eev. S. C. Kent, Mrs. Norris, and Jno. J. C. Langley. Messrs. Donnelly and G. H. Downer were duly elected as members of Council. It was resolved to present an address to Lord Brassey on his arrival, and to ask His Excellency to accept the position of patron of the Society. The secretary was requested to again send out accounts for amounts due on advertisements and from subscribers, and to employ a collector to collect the same. It was agreed that a scheme be arranged for systematic visitation among the branches, and that the Very Rev. the Dean, Ven. Arch deacon Langley, and the secretaries, be appointed to draw up the same. In connection with the Madras Native Christian Temperance Association, 'A Temperance Police' has been organised with a view to detecting drunkards who, after dark, resort to liquor shops- and toddy taverns, and of converting them on the spot, by. means of persuasive words, to total abstinence. Those who are responsible for this latest organisation believe that a great many native Christians who do not like their drinking habits to be known to their missionaries and friends, will be rescued, and made to lead a life of total abstinence. The recent 'At Home' given by the Council of the C.E.T.S. ought to rouse more interest in temperance work, and it is earnestly hoped that such will be the result. What is required is a strong, vigorous public opinion brought to bear on the drinking habits of the people, and an active temperance propaganda. At the present time every ihing seems in a state of stagnation; the C.E.T.S. is practically in a state of abeyance in many parishes. The very name of temperance appears to be repugnant. Announce a meeting for such a purpose, and the attendance can be counted by units instead of by tens and hundreds. The whole thing requires lifting to a higher level, so that people may see that drunkenness in man or woman is a sin— a defiling of the temple of the Holy Ghost— that in order to live the life of the Christian in the world man is to fight manfully against sin, the world, and the devil. Bands of Hope for children will be productive of much good, instilling into their minds a horror of drink, especially ?as they see the results in many homes, and the tattered clothes bear witness to the same. The pulpit should ring with clear denunciations of the drink curse, which is blasting the lives of hundreds and thousands in our towns and villages. If the pulpit gives an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself for the battle ? It is a warfare that requires boldness and courage ; but the circumstances demand it. Who is sufficient for these things? Yet in the power of Christ we can do all things, and break down the strongholds of sin and Satan. Mrs. Creighton, wife of the Bishop of Peterborough, has been ?elected the first honorary member of an 'Oddfellows Women's Lodge' at Peterborough, which has been named the Creighton Lodge. A society is about to be formed in London for rousing public opinion against the employment of women in drinking- bars, the ultimate object in view being the absolute suppression of the custom by law. In a word, they are to have a Society for the Abolition of Barmaids. The promoters of the new society declare that they will make it their business to find suitable employment for those rendered helpless by the action of the Legislature. To secure this a special fund is to be established. There are no barmaids in the United States, and there ought to be none in any civilised country. Who speaks, sows ; who listens, reaps. Love is the true price of love. 