l.CMCI!EttTjMl.i The proceedings instituted by the Crewn against Mb. Crick having come to an ignominious collapse, the position of parties has been reversed by the institu tion, before the bar of pnblic opinion, of quite another lawsuit — Ma. Crick versus the Crown. The preliminary proceedings began in Parliament on weanesaay nignt, wnen Me. -jbick opened the case for the prosecntion in the Legislative Assembly. Mb. Want joined issue . by a cognate piece of fulmination from the flqor of the ; Legislative Council, whereupon -Mn. Crick made forcible rejoinder, and both sides are agreed on taking the rerdict of an intelligent public. Mr. Crick's speech — like ' all Gaul ' — may be divided into three parts. The first had reference to Mr. Want's peccant pleasantries, and contained much formidable and unnecessary abuse of that gentleman's peculiarities and person. The second concerned the conduct of Mbssbs. Hbydojt and Wade in too pliantly playing junior to the Attorney General's lead ; and the third, and valuable, deliverance contained a heavy budget of facts in support of Mr. Crick's contention that his prosecution for conspiracy was itself a wicked personal and political conspiracy. As far as concerns the first of these three sections into which we propose to divide this scathing speech, regret may be expressed that it ever found a place in such an able and vigorous indictment of a political offender. Mr. Crick alleges that some ten or twenty years ago Mr. Want was guilty of 'gallan- tries.' To most persons the idea will naturally occur that Mr. Want would be the subject of condolence and contempt if things were otherwise : and if the ghosts of an amorous past are chasing him through the corridors of the Law Courts, that is his concern, and no one else's. Such matters are outside of politics, and a reference to tbem is too suggestive of a blow below the belt. Let every man hoe his own row, and no other Lothario stick his shovel where there is neither silver, sand, nor substance. As regards the imputations cast npon Mr. Heydos and his assistants, the public, who' Ufefo' of the recent trial, aire quite competent to form au intelligent opinion for them selves, without any necessity to traverse the charges and counter-charges on which the accusations of foul-play are made to rest. So far as the imputation of perjury against one gentleman, it may be remarked that the perjury should either have been made the subject of prosecution or of .silence. There is, however, much to be said in extenua tion of the bad-taste displayed in dwelling npon these irrelevant matters, and of the veryvulgarabnBeinwhichsome of the charges were couched. It must not be forgotten that Mr. Cbick suffered extreme provocation ; that neither scruple nor principle was held in regard by the controllers of the foully unjust persecution from which he had just emerged triumphant. It is true that he came through the ordeal spotless ; but, nevertheless, if a man could e&dure; $he execrable insults heaped upon him by such a protracted persecution, and would calmly and quietly discuss the matter afterwards in the face of his foes —well, we would be inclined to regard such a cold-blooded specimen of manhood as undeservedly acquitted! It is there fore only due to Mr, Crick to point out that even the violent epithets of honest indignation are befterthan the subtleties of a lymphatic hypocrisy. Coming to the third and main division of the speech, we become the more impressed with the regret that the other two portions had not been left unsaid. In this dissection of his wrongs and fulmination of the gravest possible charges against his late accusers, Mr. Crick stood on good, solid ground. His speech therein was too potential to be met by explanations or denial. His allegations were brutally frank, but the Significant fact remains thafc.they stand unchallenged, uncontradicted; and un impugned. Nor did he content himself with evidence that he had been the victim of cruelty and tyranny, but he supplemented this charge by allegations (for .which he asked no immunity of Parliamentary privilege) that his treat ment was wicked and unjust and a violation of the canons of fair-play and equity, which are the buttresses of any popular respect for the Crown. In ? vehement language Mr. Crick showed the want of chivahy and common decency in pinioning him with a criminal warrant, when an ordinary Crown sum mons would have sufficed. To this there is no possible answer. Then followed details of the attempt of the Attorney - General to coerce the Magistrate into refusing bail in a case that the Law made bail able ; and he might have demonstrated .the Crown's mala fides up to the hilt by a -contrast of how the Attorney-General sought to have bail refused the defen dants when only accused, and, therefore, presumed to be innocent, and how Mr Justice Cohen (virtually with the assent of the Crown-Prosecutor ) extended the same bail to Mr Meagher after the jury had proved lam guilty 1 If 'this doesn't mathematically prove that the Crown marked Mr Cbick. out for specially -unjust treatment, then there is no force in logic and no common-sense in cold, hard reasoning. Ae with the eaxlier contention that there was no special urgency of arrest, Mr Want's alleged 'explanation '' in the Council, avoided this* accusation. Why ? Can people help inferring that the allegations were true ; and if they are true, can an' Attorney-General be guilty of a greater prostitution of his office than to have a Magistrate, engaged in hearing an open application for bail, abducted from the Bench, transported to the Attorney General's office, and there privately argued with behind the back of those whose right to enlargement he was supposed to be trying in open Court. ? To these exposures Mr. Cbick added references to the tact\c3 of the Crown in remanding him, week after week, to enable them to discover some excuse for this rape on the rights of a free citizen; and the like to the employment of ' Secret-Service Money ' for the dis covery (or possible procreation) of informers, and to meet the expenses of tbe battalion of spie9, who were sent after him to dog his very breath in search of the germs of guilty knowledge. These allegations were alike unexplained. Why? Even the. exposures sink into com parative Insignificance in presence of the accusation that the Crown tampered with the magistrate, who had the right of committal or discharge. Mr. Cbick Charged (and Mr. Want neither explained nor denied) that the Crown Law Oflicers gave out privately that the case against him at the police-court was to be with drawn through lack of a grain of hostile evidence ; that, in pursuance of this announcement, no bail-bonds were pre pared at the end of one of the remands ; that the magistrate also intimated to his friends that there was 'no case whatever against Mr. Cbick,' and that, neverthe less, the magistrate was ultimately coerced by the ' terrible controlling power' behind the prosecution, into com mitting him for trial without insisting on any evidence in support. Now, are these aUegations true or false ? Mr, Want did not deny them. Doe3 the Magistrate deny them ? Presuming in his favor that he can, he should publicly do so. The charge is too grave, and made under too responsible circumstance, to be allowed, to eat its way into free men's disgusted intelligences, if it can be honestly repudiated. Space will not permit an extended reference to other details -of alleged acts of injustice. Attention must, however, be drawn to the fact that the Crown, in the Gail prosecution, secretly retained Mr. Levien to defend the accused ; and they arranged with Mr. Levibn to get the case remanded till the issue of the rale nisi lor divorce made the act of techni cal bigBmy lawfully defensible ; and that, in the teeth of this distinct arrangement, the Crown had the brazen hardihood to charge these frequent remands as overt acts in the criminal conspiracy imputed to the defendants. This gross trifling with the merits of the case Mr. Want did not attempt to explain away ! How in the name of Human or Heavenly justice could he 7 As against these uncontradicted ' overt acts ' on tbe other side Mb. Cbick was able, with crushing and deadly effect, to pit his exoneration by the jury, who literally dragged his case out of Mb. Heydon'b tenacious clutches. Mb. Want, in his reply, contented himself with ignoring the grave charges preferred against the Crown, and replying with counter charges in respect to two letters, one signed by Mr. Crick and the other. (Mb. Wast said) in Mr. Cbick's handwriting, In his rejoinder Mb. Crick Bhowed that the second letter was not in his handwriting, and that both letters were prepared at Mr. Want's own request, as tendered to Mr. Wise and by Mr. Wise conveyed to Messrs, Cbick and Meagheb. Mr. Want farther stated that he had documents to show Mr. Meagheb was willing to tnrn Queen's Evidence against Mr. Cbick, with the stipulation that the Crown should not proceed against Mr. Mbagbeb for what then would be the false declaration conveyed in his original confession. TWb Mr. Meagheh denies. This is the substance of the prosecu tion before Parliament and the people in which Mr. Crick proposes to turn the tables on the Crown. Mr. Want has gone to Japan, as he had previously arranged, and so no full and thoroagh investigation of the whole mystery can well be entered upon till the return of Messrs Want and Salomons and Pilcbeb from beyond the seas, where they have all gone in pursuit of health and relaxation. The public are there fore at liberty to decide, each for him self, which were the Conspirators, and whether there were one or two Con spiracies ; whether due regard has been had to' the eternal and immutable principles of justice and right ; and whether there is any further danger of the public Temples of Justice being subjected to such deadly insult and dis honest degradation. 