I . . J Cije ILaUics' Column. SLEEVES. IT was her passionate love of gorgeous stud's, we are told, that led the English Queen Mary to introduce the big sleeve, forerunner of the farthingale. Only through distention, vast puffing, and wiring could the costly gold-em broidered fabrics of her time be displayed to ad vantage ; but to-day tho big elcovo ia declared possible in any material, its chief uses being to broaden the shoulders and give the waist that effect of wasp-like slitn ness so much desired. i Diaphanous, fairy textiles, too, have taken the place of the stately gilt- and silver spun brocades, and the girl whose wardrobe does not include at least two bodices of transparent staffs can safely be said to be outside the pale of fashion. ^P.'he foundation of a sleeve in any of the gauzy webs now fashionable does not be gin, as one would naturally think, Vith a simple silk lining. It is a complicated and awe-inspiring affair, and often calls for con siderable thinking, no matter liow accom plished the builder. First, there is a smallish lining in some solt, -dainty silk; this is covered by a huge one, puffed, folded, and plaited in heavier silk or satin, which in torn is interlined with stiff tarlatau or crinoline, and per haps padded at the shoulders or bunched with concealing looseness at the lower arm -wherever nature has been too niggardly or too prodigal with her modelings. On this ballooned or mutton-legged structure, the chiffon or mousseliue de sole ties in bows or knots, or falls in graceful, drifting folds, or is, perhaps, cunningly capitonned with hidden tackings to look for all the world like a furniture covering. " A pair of late wonderful models on this last order were respectively in opaline inousseline de sole and watermelon pink chitron, which was mounted on black silk. The shape of pink and black was almost Queen Manx's huge upper arm puff over again, with the slight addition of a single horizontal line in flashing jet that held it tightly to the lining. That of the inousseline de sole was a -drooping mutton leg, which stretched in flat folds across the shoulder as if it were part of the low bodice drapery. A ruon stei' i'MtHUi euipuasizea the drawn togetner effect at the chest line in this; and a rich lining in pale, luminous grey silk showed off exquisitely the changing jewel tints of the muslin. The sleeve shown in the de sign with the oblong puff, caught up with a velvet ehou, was of softest crepe, in a dim lead leaf tone, that one felt somehow should only fall in picture lines. Its long cuff, over turquoise blue satin, as well as the half crescent plastron, that ornaments the one next it, was of a dull biscuit lace. A large mutton leg in wallflower yellow crepe cloth had as a lower arm trimming V-shaped bands in brown and white em broidery. Another arm covering that seemed al most like a ghost of patch and powder days, was a, divided curtain draped puff or stiff tea-rose coloured silk, over an entire un dersleeve of heavy white lace. These are all but drops in Mme. Mode's bucket of sleeve models, but she is glad to remark that Queen Mary's crinoline influence is not to be found everywhere. There are still a few sleeves that hang in wilted, gauzy waves, as if literally falling from sloping shoulders; and the women who wear them are of the fragile waisted sort who wrap endless scarfs about their slim throats that fall unconsciously into ador able Delsartean roses. 