A PEEP INTO SPIRIT LAND. There was a good attendance at tbe Kerang Mechanics' Institute when Mr Ernest Hosking, tbe well-known society- entertainer and spiritualistic exposer, save his unique entertainment, en- titled a "Peep into Spirit Laud." Mr Hosking showed .what a melancholy fraud the so-called spirit mauifestatious were by which that past-nu"stress of spectral deception, Mrs Mellon, so qgregiously humbugged some of the leading lights of Sydnoy. Mr Hosking in his own person produces the same spirit forms by natural means as Mrs Mellon professed to anatomise by super natural agency. The manner in which he accomplishes the undertaking of ex posing the tricks Gf the spiritualistic trade shows the fine line of demar cation between the sublime and the ridiculous. Mrs Mellon's exhibitions of spirit phenomena were dark, un canny and mystifying ; whereas Mr Hosking's ghosts are jolly geod fel lows, whose special mision appears to be the provocation of mirth among mor tals — in fact, tbe best of spirits prevail, both en the stage and in front. The materialisation of the well-1 nowu Mel- Ionian characters, "Cissie," " Geordic," and " Josephine," evoked rears of laughter. The wonder is how it is done, especially in the face of the l close scratnjy to which . the perfornjer's f 'pro- : pwtieS'iareTravjectedty a fiitortter of gentlemen selected from the aadience, the Rev. F. Lynch, B.A., Dr. Reid, and Mr. Hattam, manager of the Lon don Bank. The performer was tied up iu a sack and seated in a cabinet, tethered by two string, the free ends of which were held by Mr Lynch. The cabinet wa3 closed, the lights were lowered, . aud then the ghosts walked. The lights were raised, the cabinet opened, and there was the gentle ghostr manufacture in statu quo, bagged and bound. One of the audience was hoard to remark that Mr Hosking was a dabbler in the " black art" and must be in a league with his satauic majesty. Mr Hosking is a player of many parts, 'and jn his musical moments and yen- triloquial vagaries he was highly diverting. Mr. Arthur Williamson gives an extraordinary proficiency as a pianist, his trick-playing — blindfolded, hands tied, with -covered keyboard, and with his nose — showing him to hare a (borough master? oyer the instrument. He is a musical host in himself, The entertaiment is well worth patronising. The performance is to be repeated this evening in the Kerang Mechanics' when afcuujper house may be expected, 5PG. nUU . |Tufige Molesworih suspended the is<ue of a nertiQpato pf djsphargu fq Mr J. L. Daw, fiX-ML A-, for two ezs, and also refused to dispense with the condition &s; . to paying 7s In the £. Hs debts anjonqt tO KpA.OOQ, »ud onsets 