11 Strange Friendship CHAPTER XII;— (Continued.) Kate's baby was a great comfort to me at this period. The little fellow grew fat, and strong, and intelligent, and was a greater pot with us all than ever, ic seemeu as though, a gap , having been formed in our family circle, we all drew closer together that wo might feel it less. We almost grew to look upon poor Hugh Maberly as one of ourselves. He roamed about tho neighborhood, like an uneasy ghost. At last, in despair, he came to me — he always did come to hie in his desponding moods, and when the hopeful " fit " was on him he went to Kate. He told me that he could bear it no longer. He must go away. 'His brother would look after his affairs, and he intended to spend the winter in Melbourne. " Perhaps when I come back in the spring I may have forgotten her a little," he said, looking up at Violet's photograph on the wall and sighing. I was very sorry for him, and I told him that I thought he had much better go. ' Then he shook hands with us both, and asked if he could do anything for us in Melbourne; and next week he went away. , It seemed as if all our friends wore going away. What had become of the Ainsleighs? We never heard any thing about them now. Beautiful fruit and most lovely flowers were sent to us regularly from Fernyhurst. " Such was the order Mr. Aiusleigh had left when he went away," Harry was told ; and he had also givon directions that all the new books and periodicals arriving by the mails were to be forwarded at 'once for my entertainment. With one thing and another I was kept in mind of Alan very constantly butwhere hewas I did not know. Soveral times I felt strongly tempted to write to him and tell him of the great trouble that had fallen upon us, but I had literally no idea how to address my letter, and I shrank from Asking aay of our frieuds who were likely to fen.ow. Besides, could I, after all that had- passed, send him what he might interpret as a summons to return ? Winter set in early that year, cold and' - damp. The mountains assumed their most glorious raiment ; the giant, maiden became a statue of alabaster on a colossal tomb. With the first frosts of winter, quite unexpectedly to everybody, Hugh Maberly came back, He had been in Melbourne only a month. He returned, to his .old life, and his daily work as quietly as "if he had never been . away. Had he found absence such an effectual anodyne, I wondered ? After all his despair, could he have forgotten' Violet so soon? . We might have thought so , for any sign he-gave to the contrary ; but one strange "... circumstance perplexed us— he never came toee us now. We' had all liked him very cordially, ' and, bound together as. we all were by the links, of. a common , trouble, ,iye should ever harie welcomed him,;almost:as one of ourselves. But he hover came neat us at all. More than that, Harry assured 'us that, meeting liim 'acci dentally once or twice on the road, Hu'gh had deliberately avoided him, anvl had even moved aside So as to escape more than an ordinary greet ing. This seemed strange. Kate and I felt hurt at the marked coldness which he continued to display towards us, Until we charitably reflected that poor Hugh had certainly been through some trouble, and that perhaps we reminded him too painfully of former happy days with .Violet .for our ' com panionship to be altogether agreeable to him. : However it might be, we ceased after a while to wonder at the matter any more,. having plenty of other and more exciting food for thought. One day I set forth by myself for a walk to Fernyhurst. It was only about two miles from us through the paddooks, though nearly double as far by the road. Nothing of the place, or even of the road to it, could be seen from our windows, owing to the sharp spur of a hill cutting off the view. :. Not one of us had been near Ferny- hurst since Alan's departure; and Kate and I agreed that we must offer Mrs. Barton, the wife of the man who had principal charge of tho place, the civility of thanking her for the regularity with whioh she had executed Mr. Ainsle.igh's orders in sending us the choicest fruits and flowers his garden v.fforded. . ; It was a charming day for a walk, fine ahd bright, and I could see the moun tains before me nearly at the way,, I felt delightfully snug and war m in my little sealskin jacket and ha'c, and I had been sensible enough \j> put on strong boots, for. there had been rain in the night, and the ground was wot and slippery. « I eDtored the Ferny hurst garden by a small gate at the side which I was acquainted with, intending to make my way round from. there to the front of the house. Just as I closed the little gate behind me I saw a slip of paper lying at the roots of a laurus- tinus near me, as if blown there by the wind. I should hot have noticed it twice, but that the paper was of the pink color which Violet had so much affected, and a large supply of which she had brought out with hor, stamped with her monogram in gold. The color attracted me so much that I could not resist picking up the crumpled morsel of paper. Yes, it was certainly a scrap of Violet's writing paper; and, , more than, that, there were words upon it in my sister's handwriting. CHAPTER XIII. Dolly's Stoky. I cannot describe the strange sensa tion with which-I realised, that I held in my hand a part of a: letter written by Violet herself. ' It appeared to me as. if I had stumbled at last upon; the first trace of her since her disappear ance. ' The question was, When, was this letter written ? : ; The paper was damp as if from lying in the rain, and was torn .through crosswise, but' the words upon it we're still easily to be . deciphered. It was evidently half of a' torn-up note, which someone had intended to destroy and throw away; and this ; someone, who ever it was, had fortunately not suc ceeded in the intention. I sat down among the wattles arid bluegums, which grew thickly in this part of the garden, and, quite secure from observation, began to examine into the evidence afforded by this precious document. I oast sharp glances in all directions, to discover if possible the missing half of the note- paper I'lield in. my hand, . but it was' not visible anywhere. Spreading out the thin pink waif upon my lap, I was rejoiced to find that the .first words my eye rested upon were a. date, clearly marked. Yes — the note was dated the very day that Violet disappeared ! At' the top was the gilt monogram " V.S.," quite perfect ;. a little beneath were the words, " Dearest R;, — I shall expect you early.' Don't forgot " Tho rest was; 'torn .'-a way."; Beneath came part of another, line : " do not suspect- Then there was another blank ; and then came " my dear pearl locket which you gave me and last of all, nearly complete, was the signa ture, " Your Violet." After deciphering this, I felt more thoroughly perplexed in my iriind than I had ever felt yet. I had hoped that this unexpectedly-discovered- relic of my lost sister 'might have thrown a clearer light than before upon her fate. It seemed to me as if it only increased the mystery . which sur rounded it. Who wa3 " R.'(— the " R.''. whora it appeared she was expeoting oil, the day that we last saw her. He was the donor apparently of her handsome locket. Gould sho have been clan destinely engaged to some person in the neighborhood ? But, if so, why clandestinely— why not have asked Harry's consent openly ? , Oh, if that mysterious letter " R " hid but been followed by the remain- ing letters of the- word it represented.' Sitting and musing thus I heard the latch of the little gate by which I had entered the garden click, and a man's footstep on the gravel. Someone was coming up the path - towards me, whistling "Annie Laurie " as he ad vanced. . ... ...;v 'I felt suddenly like a detected spy ; my cheeks burnt red as fire, and, step ping hastily out from my hiding- place, I found myself, not face to; face with Alan Ainsleigh, aa I had half ex pected, but with Hugh; Maberly. He was caught at last, and could not avoid a meeting, and we shook hands, rather constrainedly. His sunburnt face had flushed up, and he still looked somewhat as if he would have run away if he could. I thought, too, that he appeared unusually grave. Of course I explained to him imme diately how it was I came to be there. His face did not relax, even when I said point-blank — for I was determined to know what ailed him — " You have not been to see us for a long timo, Mi. Maberly." " The truth is, Miss Dolly," ho said, " I don't think your sister treated me vory well. I don't much care to be reminded of her at present. There — you have it all now, and you can be angry with me for saying it if you please." "I don't understand what you mean, Mr. Maberly," I returned. " How did Violet treat you ill ?" Then, as a sudden thought struck me, I added, hastily, ' " Oh, for Heaven's sake, if you have found out anything which we do not know, tell me at once, and put me out of this terrible state of suspense 1" Hugh stroked his light beard, and seemed to hesitate. At last he said — " Is it possible that you have beard nothing of her all thi9 time ?" " Nothing," I returned, promptly. I drew the bit of pink notepaper from ray glove, where I had hidden it, and showed it to Hugh, telling him at tho same time how it had come iato my possession. He- read it carefully twice over ; then ho returned it to mo, and frowned as he did so. " I cannot tell 'how it got here,'' said ho, " nor to whom it is addressed. But one thing is as clear as daylight, Miss Dolly— your sister had some other attachment, which, for reasons of her own, she desired to keep a secret ; and she only used mc as a de coy, to throw you all off the right scent. I say it was treating me vory badly, and I feel it." In his indignation ho ground the gravel on the path under the heel of his boot. I had nevor seen his good-tem pered face with so black an expression upon it before ; but, if the truth was as he imagined, he had certainly, as he said, been treated very badly. " But I cannot believe it, Mr. Maberly," I said, after pondering his words for a moment or two. " What proof is there of such decoit i on my sister's part except this vague note and that : mysterious locket? ; "What proof, did you say?" Hugh flamed out. "Then, I will tell you what I. know at once. I hadn't been in Melbourne a week before I saw your sister Violet driving down Bourke-streot ia a handsome carriage. I looked Into her face, and sho looked into mine, and wo knew each other," I grasped hold of Mr. Maberly 's arm in my excitement. . " You really saw Violet I" I gasped out. My first sensation was one of infinite relief. She was not dead, then ! I did not at the 'first moment realise all the conclusions forced upon us by her reappearance. " Oh, thank Heaven I" I said softly to myself. : : Hugh looked down again moodily, and- trod harder than ever upon the gravel at his feet; "It is not a matter of much thank fulness to me," he said. . ; , " What— not to find that she is alive ?" I returned, indignantly. " I never thought her dead," he re plied, ."except for a day or bo at the first. And,; if she had been dead, I could have loved and honored her still, instead of despising her, as I do now, for her treachery." These were bitter words.; but a man treated as Hugh had been had a right to feel indignant. I was beginning to be aware that I should now for the first time in my life be compelled to hear Violet blamed and not be able to stand up in her defence. "I am truly sorry, Mr. Maberly," I said, very humbly now. " Indeed I feel for you from my heart. But perhaps even, yet Violet may be able to explain everything quite simply to us somo day." ' I do not know what wild ideas were running through my mind. - One of the least improbable was that Violet had in some perfeotly innocent manner been the cause of the policeman's fall into the creek, and had fled in a panic to avoid tho consequences of- dis covery! Hugh shrugged his shoulders at my words. " Your trust iu ': her is something wonderful,. Miss Dolly," he said ; and then; with a sudden softening in his tone, he added, " but I think on the whole I admire you for it." I made no reply to this compliment, which fell flatly on my ears. I was still revolving in my brain'all kinds of wonderful and impossible theories to account for Violet's conduct, and there was a silence betwixt; us for. some minutes. Hugh was the first to speak again. . " It is as plain as. daylight now,'' he said, "that Violet loved -some other manj and only used me for her own purposes. When she had done with me, she throw me overboard. ! It is enough to make a fellow curse all womankind." ; He spoke with exceeding bitter ness. " But, Mr. Maberly, think for a momont," I said, entreacingly. In my simplicity I was still trying to believe in my lost Violet. ; " Whom .could she have been attached to ? -No one ever came to our house half as often as yourself." " Yes," he. returned ; "one person did." " And who was that?" " It was Airisleigh." Remembering. that we were standing just, within the boundaries of Ains- leigh's own garden, he lowered his voice with the last words. I felt myself grow pale at this un expected reply, and could not answer -for a minute. How could I tell Hugh Maberly of the real reason which made Alan such a frequent visitor of ours ? . " I have thought it all over," Hugh went on presently, "and it is quite plain to me now. Of course it was Ainsleigh, and wo were all perfectly blind not to see it at the time." " But Violet did not like Mr. Ains leigh," I said, goaded by despair to offer some kind of defence. "His sister was the one she liked best." "That is norisense," returned Hugh. "She only pretended that she did not like him. Girls are fond, I believe, of professing dislike to a man they are really wild about. As for his sister, he used her for a cloak to his real designs. Madelaine Ainsleigh is mad, you know — I am sure of it — but she has still quite enough wits to carry out tho part he set hor to play." " But the Ainsleighs were away," I protested once moro, but more faintly, being borne down by tho deci sion 'with which he spoke, " They had been gone a week before Violet dis appeared." " That is the most suspicious cir cumstance of all," said Hugh. " Gone ? Not they. At loast not so far but that she could join them at a precon certed signal. Where had they gone to? It was a very sudden move on their part. And why have they never been back since ? If you can answer these questions, I will allow that there is just a chance that I may be mis taken." He spoke so confidently, as a man who had weighed the evidence 1 on both sides, and thoroughly made up his mind with regard to the verdict, that I was - completely silenced. Not one word more could I add in defence of anybody. " So now you see, Miss Dolly," Hugh wound up more kiudly, " why I am so sure about this matter, and why I have been behaving like a bear lately to you and Mrs. Somerset. You must forgive mo, for you know I have, and always shall have, the very highest opinion of you." Once more his compliment sounded to me as empty words. What was a soft speech or two to me after the dreadful discoveries I seemed to have been lately making? I murmured "som'ething'- in reply ; what it' w'as I 'do not know, but Hugh shook hands " with v me very cordially, begged I would forgive anything he had said which might have offended me, ..and; : adding that his ; . business there was over, as. he had "learnt that Ainsleigh had not yet returned, he walked , away . again out of the little gate by; which he had entered the garden. "Y I stood for some minutes on the spot where he had left me, and presently saw him riding, away, across tho pad dock -in the distance. Then I crept back to my old place among the blue- gums, and laid > my face in my hands .and tried. to think. , . If Hugh, was right, then nothing could exceed Alan's falseness — except . Violet's, But I could riot lielp be- lievirig ' even . now that ho must be mistaken. 'Had riot Alan begged me with/his own'iips to trust > him till he could come forward and .clear his good name? ... I. don't know, how long I sat there,, but I. sprang - up at last hastily, frightened to remember how time was passing, and that ray errand at the house ..was. .still .unaccomplished.. I "walked round to' the front of 'the house, and. Mrs. Barton saw me through one of tho windows, and opened the door to me immediately. .She was a pleasant, middle-aged woman, with no children— an English woman, who had .come from the same county as myself. This made us good friends directly, and she received very graciously my thanks for, the fruit she had sent us, (to be continued.) 