Religious. Voices that Call. BY THE REV. J. M'NEILL. Revelation, 22nd chapter, 17th verse.— "And the Spirit and the bride Bay, 'Come. 'And let him that heareth say, Come.' And let him that is athirst come. And whoseever will, let him take tho water of lifu freely." The Call of the Spirit. Now, first of all, notice, dear friends, what stands at the back of all this gospel preaohing and inviting of men and women. The word of God. The Spirit says, " Come" t I find some people who have apeouliar notion about the Spirit of God. They believe in him. Bat they've got the notion that He's not in a hurry to quicken us; that the chances are that He won't quicken us—the likelihood is He'll pass us by! Now that's all destroyed in this text. The Spirit of God says, " Come," and He means it when He says it. My dear friend, if you're kept out of the kingdom, out of heaven, it's not beoause the Holy Spirit is not working, and striving, and willing, and longing to bring you to Jesus. Away up yonder in the Highlands of Scotland there are numbers of good people ready to believe the Bible from Genesis to Revelation; but the devil has got them to believe that the Holy Ghost does not say to the sinner, "Come." He rather says, " Wait, wait till I help you, and I'm not going to be in a harry to help you to come to Jeaas." Now there may be some body here like that. My friend, don't believe in the Holy Spirit in that dishonouring, hurt ful, hindering fashion. God has left no link missing. God has left no weak link in the ohain of salvation, and the Holy Spirit, whose work undoubtedly is all-important, is here to do His work, and this is His work: to Bay to Ghristless, weary, wioked, dead, sinful men and women, "Come." My dear friend, that makes our meeting very solemn when you are invited by God the Holy Ghost to come. I charge you, don't trifle with it another five minutes. It's very blessed that God the Holy Ghost should be the preaoher in the preaoher, that He should be behind all human instrumentality, to give it divine power and effioaoy, so that it cannot fail. But it makes it tremendously responsible for yon. " Quenoh not the Spirit." " Grieve not the Holy Gho?t." He is no mere influence. You could not grieve an influence. He's a person. "Grieve not the Holy Ghost." «• Resist not the Spirit," who invites you with a gracious summons to come, not to judgment, but to Jesus. I must tell you a story about a man in our meetings in Ayr, away baok in Sootland. We were preaohing there, and two men were in from the country. At the close we proposed to have a second meeting, and one of those men said to his companion, " I'm going to wait." He said, " I want to see this thing through. I never felt as I have felt to-night the nearness of Christ, and my need of being saved from sin, and guilt, and death." But his companion resisted the Holy Ghost, strove against Him. He rose up and said, " No, no; I'm not going to sit here any longer. This makes me uncom fortable. I wish I hadn't oome. I oan't stand this; I don't believe this." And he banged away out. Half-anhour later he was cut to pieces by an engine at a level crossing! I don't dogmatise about this man's doom; I only say, " Quenoh not the Spirit." Trifle not with Him who speaks in your heart and consoienoe while my voice speaks in your outer ear. The Caix of the Bride. But my text says, " The Spirit and the bride say, •Come.'" What ib the bride? The bride, my dear friends, just brings out the other side of preaohing. I've been lifting the ourtain and showing you the divine background. But there's a human side. " The Spirit and the bride"—the Spirit through the bride. The bride is a beautiful name in the Bible to desoribe all the company of living souls in Jesus Christ. The bride, as it were, is the in carnation of the Holy Ghost for purposes of preaohing and evangelising the souls of men— to make it visible, palpable, real, tangible. The Holy Ghost comes not in ghostly, invisible fashion. He comes by a man as human as yourself, a Binner saved by grace like yourself, who once oared for none of these things. He finds speech to cleave your dull ear and reach your heart and quioken you into faith in Christ. ."The Spirit and the bride say, • Come.'" If I could bring to this platform to-night all the people in all the world—ay, and in all ages—all the redeemed from heaven who have lived, and trusted, and died in the faith of Jesus, and found in Him their Saviour from sin, their Saviour to holiness and heaven; if I could bring that company, suppose it were possible, aud set them on this platform, and say, "Ob, bride"—for that's the beautiful name for us all in our collective oapacity— " Oh, bride of Christ 1 Oh, wife of the Lamb 1 there be men and women on this floor and in those galleries who do not know Jesus. Bride of Christ, what host thou to say ?" Not only my voice and the voice of the ministers and Christians here, but the voice of the whole Church of the Living God would be lifted in one magnificent Bilvery shout till the building rang, and the whole concave of heaven—this whole southern hemisphere—rang with one magnificent shout: " Come, come, come to Jesus! Come away 1" Be peat the Message! I pass on. My text says, " And let him that heareth say, • Come. 1" There's work for you Christians. Every Christian should be—l'm going to quote a long word with an ugly his torical meaning and association, but it's a good word, and I'm sorry the devil should have it, and we will take it away from him to-night, and give it to Jesus—every Christian ought to be, in the be3t sense, a propagandist, a propa gandist. Let him that heareth push thi3 business. Turn round at once, and begin to be a preaoher yourself among your own set; sticking to this text, "Come to Jesu3." Not arguing, or controverting, but saying wisely, tenderly, humanely, with the backing of the Holy Ghost behind it—"Come, oome." "Lot him that heareth say, 'Ooine.'" I tell you, dear men and women, it never was meapt th-u wo Christiana should have a meek mind, or be the fushionlcss, pithless creatures we are. a ouristiau was meant to be a reatleaa sort of fellow whom the world can't stand, that's what the world needs today aa well as at Pentecost; pestilent fellows, who let nobody alone; Christians who must speak out what is burning in their bones, and they oannot keep still. Let him that heareth accept his personal responsibility for the evangelisation of the world by taking his own share where Qod has placed him, and say, "Come." Work it out in your daily life without becoming a minister; in buying, and selling and mixing with your fellow-men. Have an eye for Jesus, and a tonguo for your blessed Master's cause, and He will bless it. "Let him that heareth say, 'Come,'" Don't say it's a feeble thing. Of course it's feeble; but through the Holy Ghost it will be divinely efficient. Now there's your loving commission, work it out. Be a propa gandist for Christ. Hell is filling. Ciirist is roMiNo 1 Up and at it! " Let him that heareth say, 'Come.'" TuinsT as a Title. And then my text goes on to say, "And let him that is athirst come." Is there anybody here athirst ? When Igo along a hot, dusty road, on a hot, oppressive day, and get tired, and leg-weary, and faint, and thirsty, and suddenly at the bend of that dusty, hot road, I come upon a bubbling fountain spring, do I look along that lonely, empty xoad and say, " Oh, that there was somebody here to tell me to drink, to invite me to drink" ? There's the bubbling fountain, here am I thirsty; the one invites the other—"deep calleth unto deep." And I step down and drink long, without any further telling. Man ! hear; oh, hear. Jesus is nearer to you than hands and feet. Are you thirsty for Him ? Are you weary and Biok, and tired of sin and yourself and the world ? Man! drink Him down. Believe in Christ to your heart's content. He's made over to you like that bubbling fountain, made over without any reserve or condition, to my thirst and desire. Let him that i 9 athirst, longing, desiring to have Jesus, have Jesus and settle it. But, ah 1 how timid we are ! We stand at the water of life as we would not stand at the bubbling spring. We're dying for Him, and yet not drinking. We have put it into our very hymn. I have no objection to making free with a hymn. One of them rnna like this:— I know I am weak and sinful, It comes to me more and more; Though I scarce can see for weeping, I'll knock at the open door. Well, well; you'll knock at the open door. Don't you think that's etiquette run to seed ? (Laughter.) Isn't it? Isn't it politeness overdone ? What are you chopping at ? What are you knocking at an open door for ? Man alive! come in, come in, come in 1 Tho door was left open that when you came weeping there might be- no more knooking, and the Lord himself is standing in the door to reoeiva Thb Authority of '• I Will." Last of all. *The last ring of the gospel bell. "And whosoever will," let him take Jesus Christ freely. "Take," might not be enough; but God overflows. "Take freely"; "whosoever will." When I spoke ju3t about people being thirsty, anxious, longing to be saved, some of you felt rather heavy; for, look here, you're not thirsty. You would give your right hand, I believe, some of you, if you could get back the feelings, the longings, the desires after salvation that you used to have. But they have left you now. You are older, colder, harder, deader; and you know it. And when I spoke just now, and said, " Let him that is athirst come," yoar face almost grew white, and you wanted to rise up and say, " Mr. M'Neill, must I be in a state of anxiety about my sins before I can come to tbe Saviour ? If so, good-Dye to salva tion for me. I'm as dead as the seat I sit on, and I couldn't squeeze out a tear about ray sins, nor ory for salvation. Yet I know it's all true. It's all true, and there's no help for me but Jesus." Now, brother, listen! God has oome down to your level. " Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." Don't work up anything 1 Let yourself alone. And remember this : God makes us willing. Don't resist Him 1 He does everything. Quench him not. He i 3 seeking to make you willing while I'm preaohing; and if you are not made willing you will find in the great day that it was beoause you put forth a certain dogged, stubborn, resisting, rejecting power, and shook God off, lest, lest He might make you willing to yield to the Saviour 1 Decision in Cold Blood. There were two men in Glasgow fifteen or twenty years ago when the bank broke, and emigration got common, and the emigra tion agent comes and takes them one by one, and he says, "Look here, Australia is the country for you, the Government is giving assisted or free passages to tradesmen and their families," and he expatiates on their advantages. "But," he says, "I'll not ask you to decide to-day ; but we've chartered an emigrant steamer lying in the Clyde, and I'll be round in ten day? to get your decision and sign the papers." And then be goe3 to the other man and makes him the same offer. Now the first man is one of your excitable men, and small blame to him. It's no sign of weakness, is it? It's a big venture. He can hardly sleep. He can hardly eat his food. Wherever he goes he seems to see it on the very walls of the buildings—" Australia." It shakes him. People see that he's moved, and at last, after a terrible time of being torn to pieces by contending thoughts, the five or ten days afe up, and the emigration agent comes with the papers and says, " Off or on; what do you say?" and his face turns white and his lips ashy, and he says, "I will," and he takes a pen and signs the papers for that assisted or free passage out to the new country. And I tell you he never did Buch writing in his life—(laughter)—all shaking —and he is a strong fellow; it looks just as if a spider had crawled out of the ink-bottle on to the paper—(laughter)—a fearful signing of his name. The Cool Man's Act. . Bat I said there was another; and the other —he is one of your 000 l follows. It doesn't make him op or down. The emigrant agent says, "I'll be round in ten days; I've been speaking to your mate there. Just think it over." Now you would never know it was in his head at all. He whistles as he goes about, and you'd never know it was working in his " noddle." He's not exoited at all. Then up comes the emigrant agent, after the ten days, and says, " Off or on. Here's the paper; will you come? The steamer's there waiting; we've got our party. Yes or no; are you willing ?" And the calm fellow doesn't turn a hair. He wonders himself that he should be SO 000 l about it, and he says, " Yes ; I will." And he doesn't turn white, and he signs with a firm, bold hand. Now whioh of those men, the 000 lor the excited man, which lands first in Australia? My friends they go on the same boat, and they arrive together, don't they? Now, my dear friends, you may be " as cool as they make 'em" ; for all that, God comes down to your level, and says, "I'll reach you here." And you make a decision like that, wondering in yourself that you are so oold. Come, now, whosoever is willing, without exoitement, without longing, without being in a state." Art thou willing ?" The Marriage Drkd. Like marriage. How often I've come down to ray churoh to marry couples. There stands the man ; there stands the woman; and here I stand merely the officiating minister. And notice that, by the very law of the land, marriage turns upon the word in my text, " Whosoever iB willing." I say to that man, 41 Art thou willing to take this woman?" And I say to the woman, "Art thou willing to take this man ?" Mark you, I say no single syllable about excitement, and being worked up, and in a state about each other, and desire, and long ing, and aff eotion. I hope, and in many oases of marriages—now I want no smile, for it is a serious thing on the human side, as well as the Divine—l hope, and in many cases I've known it so, that the love came after the marriage. It was not there before. " Art thou willing ?" In every case of the union to Jesus all the feelings and all the love come after onion. It's impossible to have them before. Come to Jesus, and He'll change you. In the very touching of Him you are born again, ohanged through and through, and the change will work out to all eternity. The " I Will" of Christ. . Now, friends, I stand up. It's a marriage, a Soriptural illustration. There stands Jesus. There jou stand, a poor, empty, Chriatless, •in-smitten, ruined soul without Jeans. And I say to Jesus—l see Him among us to-night— " Jesus, Jesus, art Thou willing to take this soul into union with Thyself for ever ?" And, although He does not need to speak, I think I hear Him Bay, "Willing],? am I willing? . Let the Cross, let My own 'Word in a hundred places deolare My good faith to'take whosoever will take Me." The " I Will" ok ,ihk Soul. Now I turn to you, man dr woman, whom I never saw before, and perhaps never shall see again till the great day. Listen! I place you op, friends, in front of Jesus, and I'm just the officiating minister, but I pot the question to make it plain, binding. I have spoken to Jesus: now I speak to your soul, " Soul, art thou willing to take this Jesus for all that He's worth ? To take Him, art thou willing ?" And I don't care how coldly, if you will only aay in you heart, " Yes, I will," He has you 1 He has you! And in the name and by the authority of the Word of the Lord Jesus, that can never be broken, I proolaim you Saviour and saved; and whom Ood hath joined the gates of hell shall not divorot. The success that Amykos has met with, and the universal favour it enjoys both in the Old and New World, is a sufficient guarantee of the advan tages resulting from its use as a mouth wash, gargle, cosmetic, Sec. It is unanimously acknow ledged to possess a mild and, at the same time, energetic efficacy as an anlisoptic water, and ia superior to all antiseptics at present known to science, as expressed by Professor Sir Jo?eph Lister, of Edinburgh, in the Lancet, which alone ought to make the Amykos a household word for the Australians, who esteem cleanliness. Price la. Od. per bottle, at all chemists'.—[Advt.J During the recent earthquake Bhooks in Sicily upwards of 400 lives were lost, while the damage done to property amounts to millions of lire. The town of San Procopio is in ruins, and at least 200 persons perished at that place alone. Forty-eight corpses have been disinterred from beneath the ruins of the parish church, and there are others yet to be reaohed. At Seminara thirteen lives were lost, at Triparini twenty, at Oppido six, at Bagnara nine, while the loss of life at a num ber of other villages and hamlets aggregated at least 100 more. The misery among the sur vivors in the stricken districts is appalling. 