Life in London and There about. (Chronicled by Henry W. Lucy, in the S.M. Herald). j WESTMINSTER,- September 20. IT is remarkable bow completely Count Herbert Bismarck has shared in the obliteration of his father from public life in Germany. At one time he seemed in the way to make a position for him self second only to his father's. Lord Rosebery, who knows him intimately, holds the highest opinion of him, a view shared by Sir Charlee Dilke, who has also had opportunities of closely judging. But when the father stepped off his high pedestal his son went with him. He lias found opportunity in his leisure time to complete the organisation of a museum in the gallery of the old family castle of Schoenhausen, containing the presents received by his father during his career. When I was in Hamburg with Mr. Gladstone a gentleman who came on board the Tantallon Castle gave us some interesting particulars of the collection. There are, in all, half-a-dozen rooms, containing various classes of presents, the donors ranking from crowned heads to day laborers. The first room is known as 'the gallery of sovereigns.' It contains oil paintings of nearly every reigning sovereign, including our Queen and some that are dead. The Emperor of China's mother sent Bismarck a colossal elephant's tusk beautifully carved and pierced. In another .room, amongst portraits of eminent statesmen, is the likeness of Lord Beaconsfield. Of j Mr. Gladstone, Bismarck has no inemen- j to, not even a copy of his innumerable photographs. Perhaps the most inter-] esting piece of the oolleotiou is a- seedy, ; nattered chair which, when new, prob ably cost four florins. It is the chair on which Bismarck eat talking to Napoleon after Sedan, arranging the, terms of the fallen Emperor's capitula tion. Another piece of furniture is the table on which the terms of peace, in cluding the surrender of Paris, were signed at Versailles. Quite a different man, who has, with equal suddenness and completeness, vanished from the political stage, is M. Wilson, son-in-law of M. Grèvy, some time President of the French Republic. Wilson was always involved in financial mattet s, and at length they dragged him to the ground. At one time he must have been enormously wealthy. There is no doubt that he availed himself of knowledge gained in the inner circles of the Elysée to turn honest pennies. Apart from his own earnings, his wife came into a large sum of money on the death of her father and mother. Old Grévy grew more and more penurious as age advanced. In addition to IIÍB salary as President of the Republic he had free quarter in Paris, and was provided with servants, fuel, light, furniture, and all household requisites by ihe 8tate. He had, in addition to his salary, a consider able sum for travelling expenses. The only travelling he ever did was to visit his estate in the Jura, and it was char acteristic of the old gentleman that he managed to get a free pass out of the Paris and Lyon railway. His position entailed on him the necessity of giving occasional dinners and balls, but Madame Grèvy was a thrifty housekeeper, and these cost marvellously little. Fruit and vegetables came from the Versailles garden of France's ancient kings. Ram bouillet and Marly paid toll to the Presi dent's frugal ' table in the shape of game. Mrs. CRAWFORD, the well known Paris letter-writer, whose information is extensive and peculiar, told me with re spect to a particular dinner given by M. Grévy, when at the height of his power, that it was, by exception, sent in from a restaurant; that it cost five francs a j head, including wine ; and that Madame Grévy had specially bargained that any dishes untouched should he taken back and allowed for. When they were with out company-and they did not receive much-the old couple toddled off to bed at 10 o'clock, first seeing that all the lights were out. Not that this saved them anything, since, as I mentioned, the State provided lights. But the in stinct of thrift was so strong that they could not bear to have lights unneces sarily burning, even tit somebody else's expense. I HAVE lately seen a collection of auto graph letters by Charles Dickens which, ns far I remember, have not been pub lished. They were certainly new to me, and bring into frosh light the kindliness of his character. They are of different dates, but chance to bc all addressed to various aspirants for literary occupation. One is dated ns far as 1844. It gives precise instructions us to the course IIÍB correspondent-evidently a stranger should take in forwarding his manu script. ' A magazine sheet,' he writes, ' is sixteen pages. The rate of remunera tion to unknown writers is six or eight guineas a sheet usually. Many unknown writers write for nothing. I wrote for the next thing to it myself when I was one-and-twenty.' He was at this date aa, and had written 'Pickwick,' 'Oliver Twist,' ' Nicholas Nickloby,' and the im mortal 'Christinas Carola' 'The only additional piece of advioe I can give you,' ho adds, ' is to oonoentiute on this pur suit all the patience that would be re quired in all the other pursuits of this world put together, and to lay your nooount with having it tried.' IK another letter written to Mrs. Gaskell in the familiar blue ink, bearing the date 2Ut February, 1853, be returns some manuscript she submitted to him on behalf of a friend. ' The papers,'he writes, 'possess no kind of characteristic to render them Available. Between ourselves, and not for information of the authoress, they are of that intensely dreary and commonplace description, to which not even the experience of this place' (he writes from the office of AU the Year Round) ' reconciles my wonder ing mind. Everybody could not write things, I imagine. But how anybody can contentedly sit down to do it is inscrutable. Don't you feel the same astonishment? People don't plunge into churches and play the organs without knowing the notes or having the ghost of an ear. Yet 50 people a day will rush into manuscript who h »ve no> earthly qualification but the actual physical art of writing.' IN a long letter, written so recently as 1870, he addresses a verse maker who had been introduced to him by Lord Lytton. ' Your river tale,' he said, ' ii a weak repetition of the form of your printed story. The German manner will not carry the feeble matter. If you will consider the river story apart from that manner I think you will find it extremely common-place, with nothing: in the way of character or incident tc support it There ts a vast deal too1 much proclamation of poetry without the appearance of the reality after th» trumpets have been blown. All tb» stoce-in-trade of the miserable little books of verses that certainly aocumu late on my table reappears in no new form. I call them misérable because they make me so in the evidences they present of a mistaken vocation «nd its attendant inevitable bitterness disap pointment. The true romance bf poetry of human life or external nature ls not: to be found so as to awaken a reponte! in any reasonable breast by crying Lo here 1 Lo there I See where it comes t Look where it goes! This is itl That is it! The other is it! You will get no where by the road you are BOW punning. You are in n worn ont way that sever was a very firm one, arid bad been trodden into a mere Slough of Despond.' TEE practice of fairing or tenting a c' apel and setting up some one to preach in it, familiar enough in ThaokerayV time, is fast dying out in London, it indeed it is not dead. " The proprietory chapels, built for the most part in tb» eighteenth century in thoroughfares since largely developed, became lori valuable for the purposes to which the y were originally devoted. One in Og n duit street, where I have often heart J a famous preacher now dead, baa fc een transformed into a tailor's shop. One of the latest to go is the chapel in V fest street, where Wesley long pim ohed. This chapel was built abeot tb«. year Queen Anne came to tba throne. There isa record that it stood on the site of an earlier church dedicated to the 'per formance of divine worahir, in the Irish language.' In Wesley's diary there ere many entries touching, bis ministration iu West-street Chapel. He preached bia first sermon there on the 29th October, 1743, and his last in February, 1790. There is, or used to be, in the vestry of the old chapel a stump little pulpit which Wesley used to mount wbtn be preached in the streets of London. Other famous divines, echoes of whose voices linger round the walls of the-old chapel, were Whitfield, Romaine, and Fletcher, of Madeley. WKBT-ariiEBT Chapel is now closed, and will soon be demolished. A similar fate awaits the old chapel in Tottenham* Court road, where Whitfield long preached. A hundred and thirty y ears it has stood there. An effort was lately made by the congregation to raise funds to purchase the freehold of the ground. I have not heard how it succeeded. But ground in Tottenham Court road ia worth to-day a sum vastly increased by comparison with the terms on which tb'e site was originally obtained for Hie chapel. In the city, where land, jg almost priceless, the churches -mai nly built by Wren after the great fire, still stand, their right being i'aalionable. But they are built about in. pitiless fas hion, warehouses, shops, and offices shouldering them with ruthless energy. They are still open on. 'Sunday for divine service. But few attend except the parson and clerk, ft would be a happy thing if they v»re pulled down and the space grassed over, making bright breath ing spots here a-.id there in tho crowded city. ÏMB LlVSWOOL AMD LONDON AND GLOBE Í» ''tho great "Ure insurance company of the world." Invr«ted funds, £8,406,405.-ABTHOB MOBOAN, Agent for Warwick and District." I Da you think Skinner can make a living, out there?' 'Make a living? Why, he'd make a living on a rock in the middle of (he ocean-if there was another man on the rock.' MRS; DK NEAT-'It seems to methat for a man who claims to deserve charity, you have a very red nose.' Moldy Mike -'Yes, mum; the cheap soaps that us. poor people has to use is very hard on i the complexion, mum.' LANDLADY-'Well, I must do some thing to keep the wolf from the door.. Boarder-'I don't know that is alto gether necessary. Let him come in atxfl tackle one of your breakfasts, and J don't think he'll ever trouble you agajfe ,> "KEATINU,SP0WUKR"de«troy«lM!S7 « FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all os' ocr insects, whilst quite liArnilciu to ibm* atio nnlnials. In exterminating Beetles the aw xcm of this powder is extraordinary, lt is. »«ff eotly clean in application. See the article yo» ,lur. chaw ia " KKATING'8," «'.o, with thesisr ..tura THOMAS KEATING on cadi tins na fa»? MtjonB are noxious mid iuofTostual. Sold, ia TS us 6d. und ls, euch, by ujl ohcuiiols. ' 