[continued from Wednesday's issue. 1'ail rights reserved.] KOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PIRATE TEN. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE, By ,W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship,'"' "The Good Ship Mohock.' eic. CHAPTER XXV.—(Continued). The commander said uo more and seemed intent upon what was doing in the barque. Six men had gone across to the Queen in one of the "brig's motherly quarter boats. Two had returned and the boat was hoisted, and air. Matthews was now with a good working crew, eleven men in a word, of whom one was the brig's boatswain toservo himasamate. They made sail quickly, but the ship wanted symmetry. She could no longer glow in beauty to the evening sun. A star was trembling in the east, albeit the west was still red with light when the two vessels be gan to move. , ' I'll hang a lantern at my gaff-end, shouted the Commander to Matthews, and you -will follow in my wake and be careful not to run me down. Let a bright lockout be kept, and hang a riding light somewhere forward where we may easily see it. . •This being said, the Commander oncrui-, Miss Mansei his hand, conducted her into the cabin to tea. The tea things bad been set by a sailor who was gone. The naval officer and the young lady were alone. Miss ] Man«el removed ber canvas cap, and sat j downuponalocker in front of a sea-goins, bat tered teapot, that bad once beenr. verypretty shining thing, and poured out two cups of black tea, one of which she handed to the Commander, who, as they had no milk m the brie usc-d a little brandy instead. The dark ■ wiili ~«l'C was- furnished w;!n marmalade, "biscuiw, and potted shrimps, of which Miss Mansei and the commander par took. , . 'Our meeting of the barque is the jno^t extraoTdii2MV encounter ia the history of the world,' said Boldock. ' But though she had ten times the V3lue of the stolen sold safely stowed away in her now, I should still regret our having fallen in with her. ' But why V inquired Mis3 Mansei archly, and her eves catching the hectic of^sunset. I lingering upon the skylight, and dying the I flashes of the swinging lamp, looked unusually I bright and vivacious. 1 ' Is she not going to remove you from this t bricT said the Commander tenderly, but I with the tenderness that breathes in the lowing of a calf. The young ladv did not seem to hear. ' Miss Mansei—but rather let- me call you Margaret,' said Boldock, taking hold of his coat with both hands as from some half con scious desire to gird himself tightly for a business that was growing heroic, ' I'm a plain sailor, not used to 'bouting ship when the wind's fair. I think I can see a fair wind in your eyes, Margaret, or I give you my word of honor as a ffcutleiuaa that X saoma not be troubling you with this speech. lam in love with you.1 'Oh, Captain Boldock :' ' I am in lov-2 '.nth yon,: repeated Boldock, rising, ana siiding along the locker to her side. ' 1'oa arc flic Srst woman who lias ever engaged my affections. _ I am not a rich man. but I can support a wife ashore by go ing aficac, and I ask you to be my wife when, God being willing, the two ships after this extraordinary traverse, shall have brought uo in Sydney Bay, where the barque's bound to return for repairs and men.' The young lady did not answer, one slightly trembled when Boldock put his full arm round her waist. Xet this proposal was cot unexpected. For some time she had known that he admired her and she was perfectly sensible of the abundant attentions he had paid her. He was a hearty rough seaman, but an officer in the Queen's^ ^avy, and a gentleman, and the spirit of kindness and good nature dwelt in his wide red face. 'You see, Slargaret,'said be, 'that when you go on board' the ship, we shall be separated. 1 must keep to this^ command. Bad weather may blow us asunder. Noth ing impossible at sea. Therefore, before I take you on board, I want you to say that vou will be my wife on our return to Sydney. Will you, my dear Margaret 1 It wants but very little consideration—will you ? His natural and characteristic lamenting voice sounded with 5ne effect in this passage. ' I have often said that if ever I chose a husband, it should be a sailor," murmured Miss Mansei, keeping her head hung. ' But I am a sailor.' said the Commander. ' I know you are,' she answered, beginn ing to laugh. 'Iwish,' thought the Commander, who kept a hold of her waist, that she would shift her helm and head on a straight course. It's a fair wind. Everything's all clear, the road buoyed, the very pilot aboard. He drew himself a little ilway so as to obtain a good view of her eyes, and putting his hand under her chin, he raked her laughing face,. ' ]Sow, tell me, my dear, that you will be my wife V said he, ' and then I will give you a kiss.' . ' Can I speak to you a moment, sir f sung down the voice of Mr. Hardy in the hatch. ' What's the matter !' roared the Com mander, entirely letting 20 of Miss Mansei when he caught sight of Hardy's shoes, and a second later of Hardy's leering eyes on the ladder. * The mate of the barque's h&ilod; to lino— whether you vrou'.d like one of the two men to be seel aboard with the full yarn of llie gold, and how the barque dragged and was blown ofi V The memorable exclamation of old Mr. Shandy rose into the Commander's head. He was in a passion at the interruption and said 'No, sir. Inform that oxfacea mate that I can wait. Tell him to keep a bright lookout aboard his barque for the longboat as it's not impossible that the fellows will put oil in her from the island.' Then softening his voice he exclaimed, 'Hot's her head, Hardy ?' and then added, • Well, keep every thing piled upon her, and see that the chap astern don't run the old bucket down.' The shoes with their bows disappeared, and the Commander re-addressed himself to his pleasing task with, it must be admitted, a slight glance at a decanter of rum on a swing tr iy, as though a little refreshment just at this time would be rather hel-jful. He slided on the locker once more to the young lady's side and again put his arm round her waist. Her face was bright red, almost as red as his, but she looked pleased and happy. ' You'll gire ine your answer now, Mar garet,' said he. You know nothing about me, Captain Boldock,5 she answered. ' You sailors are so reckless. How do you know that I shall make a good wife ? How do you know that I have not relations who might ba a disgrace to you V 'Nonsence, ray darling!' lamented the Commander. ' I know much of you as you know of me, and so the yaid.i are square between us in that way. anyhow. 2\ow, my dear, I'm waiting, for I'm longing.' He projected his lips into that sort of shape which the mouth usually takes when j it saluten the brow or cheek of another. Half-laughing and half-crying and rosy red, [ the girl laid her 1kv»<» against as honest and warm a heart an ever bear in man's breast. ' I will be your wife,' she said and Boldock instantly kissed her. CHAPTER XXVI. Tru: Seamen's Stouy. The night passed quietly. It was a bright moonlight night, and the vessels clothed in cold splendor floated one iu the wake of the other like two icebergs over that desolate breaat of breathing waters. In the morning it was very fine, and the heave of the sea al most gone, and ,whon Commander Bo'ldock went on deck he found the torque within pistol shot of his quarter. He lwiled her and Mr. Matthews, jumping into the main rigg ing aud leaning off the shrouds with one hand on a ratline, made answer. ' Will you do me the kindness,' shouted Boldock,"' to back your topsail and send your boat for the lady and me, as I propose to do myself the pleasure to breakfast with you Forthwith the necessary manujuvres wero J executed and Commander Boldock and his j betrothed were transferred to the barque. The boat was then hooked on, the yards swung, and the vessels proceeded on their course. After Miss Mansel had been supported over j the side, she hid her face and cried for some I moments vehemently. The horror of recol lection was too great. Her heart was broken j down bv it. Mr. Matthews arched his eye brows and sent a dry look at Trivett, the boatswain of the brig, when the Commander began to sooth the young lady. Williamand Harry came a little distance along the deck and stared. . ,, 'She was overboard and was drowned, said the Dane, ' and, by my knife, there she is 1' ' There's people,' growled William, whose face was stupid with surprise and supersti tion, and divers forecastle emotions as he sur veyed the girl whilst she stood weeping a minute in the gangway, 'as can't get drownded. My grandfather knew a Dutch man who was always a-falling overboard from vessels he 'longed to when In dock. . They a hear the splash, sing out to fetch the drags, and after an hour or two of sweeping and creeping, up ud come that blistered Dutch man, quite unconscious, of course, but with so much of life in him that arter he was rubbed and dried his first words was always 'Anoder half pint.' ' Good !' said little Harry, grinning with all his teeth. ' I tell.you "what. J hare seen a ghost. By Peter, she is a fine girl. I^ook how she stands np at the side-of that old cock with the red steak face. By Peter! There was business to be done there. Un serve me. Bill. Yonder's a epeicmg job. Miss Mansel. drying her tears with one hand, the other being clasped by the t-om mander, was conducted by:her sweetheart, aud Mr. Matthews into the cuddy. She then broke away and vanished in her cabin. f A vory handsome little interior, aaid tho Commander, straddling at the foot of the table, his hands behind him, and turning his crimson face about in admiration as though he wasinapioture gallery. ' Ihopeyou found your effects intact, sir 1' ' Intact to a shilling, T am happy to say, said Mr. Matthews. 1 "Very airy and cheerful after the cabin of the brig,' said Boldock, bresthingdeep, Any damage ?' •They pillaged some of the passengers cabins, but you'll find Miss Mansel hasn t suffered. They had done their worst with her. They'd do no more.' ' The ber-luddy villains !' esclaimeu the Commander, making fcne sentence tremen dous by force of emphasis and slowness of deliverv. > Those two men,' continued the mate, 'tell a queer yam of the fellows' doings > at the island. Will you have them aft at once, or wait till after breakfast > ? ' We'll breakfast first,' said the Com mander, who was exceedingly hungry, 'I am one of those unfortunate people who can't shift without ballast.' TIi6y made the rounds cf the cabins. The Commander found much to say on what he beheld. The main hatch covers were then lifted and they entered the hold, where for some time on their kness and hands they remained, viewing the wreck of the massive casing in which the gold had been stored. When they returned on deck a veiy good sea -breakfast had been served by a Jack of the brig, one of those useful seamen who can cook and wait as well as hand and Eteer. As the Commander and his companion en tered the cuddy, the door of Miss Mansel's cabin was opened iind the young lady made her appearance. Boldock started. He could hardly credit his sight. He had been so used to see Miss Mansel in her dressing gow n that now she was prettily dressed iu serge trimmed as gaily as a yachting cos tume, he scarcely recognised her. She had rint- on ?. h'-.r, a charming hat with an osrricn feather coiled round it. The gentleman rogues had left, her cabin untouched. All her toilet conveniences remained, and she bad used them to her inexpressible refreshment aud to the distinct improvement of her charms. So there stood before the Commander, a well-dressed, well shaped, young lady, with fine, dark, pensive eyes and blushing cheeks, and white teeth,_ show ing as she Bmiled, and she was to be bis wife. Good heavens ! be ejaculated, in the im pulse of bis surprise and delight. He took her hand, and raising it to bis lips, kissed it with admirable courtesy, then introduced her to Mr. Mathews as his betrothed. «I had thought a3 ratich, sir,1 said the mate with one of those dry nervous smiles which twist the month towards the cheek. 1 ' I heartily congratulate you both,' and he1 bowed with the grace of a sailor bending at the handle of a pump. No more was said on the subject and they sat down to breakfast. The talk naturally concerned the robbery, the proceedings of the thieves, the chances 01 capturing them and resorering the gold. ' I must have those nuggets. Margaret, Boldock said, with his immence face full of life and hope. 'The salvage award shall mount into hundreds. It shall buy usahome and furnish it too and there should be a a very good balance for the spree that s called ashore the honeymoon. Your share, I hope, Mr. Matthews, will enable yon to give up the sea.' The poor man rolled up his eye3 with an expression of devotion. This, where they were sitting, had been the theatre of the great ocean theft. Yonder was the cabin cat of which they haddragged Miss Mansel. Yonder was the cabin in which the mate had been aroused to learn that tho ship was seized. ' How could old Benson have been such a fool as to let it happen?' said the Commander ' Wa3 not the robbery of the arms chest hint enough ? Within an hour of that robbery Id have th# whole of those fellows in irons and chance the issue.' But Mr. Matthews shook his head, and, indeed, if the Commander had been in charge of the barque it- is extremely probable that he would have allowed the ten gentleman to work their will as Benson bad and for Ben son's reasons. Tlicy Trent ca tho poop. It was ibeautiful warm sunny morning. The ocean undulated . in long biue nashes ox light from line to line, and a pleasant breeze was blowing, the speed of the two vessels being about five knots. The brig was rolling away out on the bow and when the Commander saw her .his head rolled too in contemptuous sympp.thy. 'The run and lines of a pudding-dish,' he mused. 'She is fit to be a collier and she brings all Sunderland into this beautiful scene. Sup pose now,1 siid he to Mr. Matthew^, 'you csl! the two men aft.' The sun did not yet renaer an awning necessary. The young lady was shaded by her parasol, and she sat next to the Com mander, and Matthews stood beside there, whilst William and Harry the Dir.c in re spectful sea-postures ielated their yam. William began : 'The day afcra we made the island I showed the gents ho v.- to get the anchors over the bows. Kext day we made the laud. There was.a whole swamp of jaw ing t every man had his own opinion. Icoulci see that him they called Trollope w&3 no longer to boss the job, though I allowed he was the bast of thtfgang, tho prepares!; to head that there tidv little uroccssion.' 'Was he?'hissed Hurry, softly and fk-reely, 'One at r, time, and William novr jockeyB !he yard-arm,' said (he Commander. ' They agreed to sail close in to the intend and go ashore in the longboat, and take a look around them,' continued William. ' They had no confidence in one ancthc-r, and they must all go together or remain together, and wherever the gold was there they ail must blooming ".veil be, begging pardon,' said the man', touching his forehead in his slow Merchant Service way. 'They sailed in till they got seventeen fad:>m, then all the sails were furled and the anchor lee go. There was nine ot 'em.' 'Nine !'exclaimed Miss Mansel. ' I forgot to mention,' said Sir. Matthews, ' there had been fi duel.' j ; Who f•-•light T aske-u the girl. j « Mr, Masters and Mr. Caldwell,' answered j William. j Caldwell shot Masters through, the heart j this man tells me,' said the mate, 'and the j body was flung overboard. ' ' May tlicy all serve each other so !' exciaimed t'uo Commander with a pious motion of liis eye balls. Miss Mansel was looking away to sea. She so held her parasol that .Boldock could not have seen her just then had he wanted to look at her. She was blushing and yet her face wore a slight look of distress. But before Boldock could bid William proceed she had rallied, and the parasol was in its former place. 'They got-tho boat over in the afternoon, and the niue.gents weut ashore in lier,' said William. ' They were armed. I seed some of them inspecting their revolvers when they was iu the boat. Before they put off, Davenire, the big chap with tlie silver chain, steps up to nie and 'Arry 'ere, and says 1 we're going to leave you in charge of the ship, and we have confidence in you. If you should attempt to play false, by—' and here he swore an oath long as a bowline all about the Etarnal, and so help him,? said William, looking with his slow gaze iuto the Com mander's wide expanse of countenance, '' we'll secure the pair of you to that mast there and blow your hum hum brair.s out.'' 1 So ! That was their languago. Quito like old times,' exclaimed the Commander. ' Fire away !' ' When they was gone—' began Harry, who had been moving impatiently on either leg, darting frequent looks at Miss Mansel with that sort of smirking, self- satisfied air which a certain type of conceited sailors will put on m the presence of women, though they should be ladies mast-high above their condition. ' I said one at a time,' thundered Boldock. Harry's jaw fell. William went on after a leisurely look around the horizon, as though he scanned the sea for thought and words. ' When we vras left alone 'Arry here was for slipping. 'Yes I say' says I 'and git our brains Mowed out.' He says, 'they'll think the chain parted. What do they know about cables.'- Well-it. wasn't done. This 'ere iittle 'Arry had been already knocked about till he was nigh.killed by that there Trollope.' The Dane, in-^p agony of impatience and recollection striidk his hip'a slap that soiinded like the! report of a pistol. ' Aftqr they'd been on the island a couple of hours they puts off and comes aboard again.' ' Did they beach the boat V said the Com mander! ' There's a sorter natural harbor on the : south side of the island and the boat lay there in charge of one man whilst tho rest was ashore.' 'Well,' said Boldock, 'Shove ahead! You're Confoundedly long winded.' 'It's I can be quick,' yelped the Dane, snapping his fingers. ' Reel it out, then; reel it out!' cried the Commander. The Dane began to talk very.fast and Mis Mansel fell a laughing. (To be continued next- Wednesday.) 