THE CARDINAL'S CRITICS. . ^ A FINAL AND COMPLETE ANSWER. BURNING THE BIBLES — DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN IN ITS TRUE LIGHT — THE DOCTRINE, OF INFALLIBILITY— THE CONVERTED ANGLICAN BI- SHOPS— THE DECAY OF PROTESTANTISM. The Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney delivered the following powerful and convincing address at the foundation-stone of St. Anne's school- church Bondi, on Sunday last ;— His Eminence, who was received with cheers, said: — I purpose to-day to bring to a close for the present my remarks on the manifold criticisms that ihave been offered to the public during the past few months regarding my lecture on the Reunion of 'Christendom. Looking back upon the gratuitous 'assertions and reckless statements of the hundred Protestant dignitaries ana ministers ot various denominations who have unwisely rushed into the fray, the words of the divine Redeemer recur to the mind : ' I give glof y to Thee, O Father, that Thou hast hidden these things from the prudent arid the wise, and hast revealed them to the little ones.' Men whose very position would seem to imply a certain amount of intelligence and education have advanced arguments which they claimed to be insuperable barriers against reunion with the Holy . See, but which in fact were nothing more than the baseless fabrics of their own vain imaginings, and they have not hesitated to propose as unanswerable difficulties what the little children of our schools and the humblest of the faithful Would instinc tively brush aside as mere cobwebs of ninlsy sophistry. (Applause.) THE PROTESTANT bfeAS OF NEWCASTLE. One of the latest of such assailants has been Dean Selwyn of Newcastle, who appears to regard the present as a favourable opportunity to have his Sing; at Catholic devotion to the Blessed. Virgin. He ftsks : ' Is the Blessed Virgin in Heaven ? If she be in Heaven, how is it possible for her to hear the prayers addressed from, the whole world to her?' In a word, whilst the Archangel salutes as thrice - 'blessed the solitary ornament of out fallen race, 'whilst our Lord chooses her to be the most privileged «£ creatures, and the Apostles honour her, and the Catholic Church unceasingly invokes hef prayers, an Anglican dignitary in Australia can find nothing better or more ennobling to present to the public in her regard than to repte&t; the threadbare ribaldry by which Voltaire and his associates, a hundred ?years ago, sought to cast ridicule on the invocation ?of saints, ridicule which as in the past so at the pre sent xiay is sure to recoil upon those who assail the teaching of divine faith. (Applause.) The Catholic Church honours the Blessed Virgin as crowned by her divine Son with a diadem of peerless lustre, and in the tributes of our daily devotion offered to her, the prophetic words are fulfilled : 'Behold, henceforth all gene rations shall call me Blessed.' It is not within our province to scrutinize the manner in which it may please God to make known men's thoughts and silent aspirations to the angels and to the saints. The ways of God are not as those of man. All created things compared to God's infinite majesty are as the grain of sand on the sea-shore, or the 'drop of dew on the tiniest iiower of the field. Thore are branded as fools who would seek to ^judge Ood after the fashion of man, and, as the Scripture tells us, 'he that is a searcher of majesty shall be overwhelmed by glory' (Prov. xxv., 27). Suffice it for us to know that the Blessed Spirits enjoy in the bosom of God and in union with Our Saviour a beatitude far greater than any which in our state of pilgrimage and trial it is given us to comprehend. They see God face to face, and par ticipate of His eternal happiness ; the)' are clothed ?with the radiance of His splendour, and are bathed ia the unfathomable ocean of the joy and peace, «of the light and life of the Holy Ghost. ' Neither eye hath seen, nor ear hath heard, nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive ' the measure of their beatitude. They are not limited, as we in our frail natures are, by the restrictions of space and time. What the action of a spirit on material things raav be, what its relations to space, is hidden from us. The parable of Dives and Lazarus reveals the fact that local distance does not prevent thq blessed from receiving the communications made to them. That our words and deeds and inmost thoughts are reflected in the mirror of God's sanctity, is known to us by divine faith. That God as He pleases may impart that knowledge to the Blessed Spirits, none can question. 'When Dean Selwyn affirms that the Blessed Virgin, to hear all the prayers addressed to her, should be omniscient, his statement is quite in keeping with the insipid folly of the rest of his letter. No matter how countless our prayers' on earth may be, they are but limited in number and therefore can require nothing more than a finite intelligence to embrace them all. THE DIGNITY AND PRIVILEGES OF THE IiLESSED VIRGIN. What appears to me to be the most remarkable feature of this controversy that has arisen in Aus tralia regarding the Reunion of Christendom is the singular unanimity with which the Anglican dig nitaries and the representatives of the other various Protestant sects are found conspiring to decry the dignity and privileges of the Blessed Virgin. Now, all these sects accept the Synod of Ephesus as one of the great Councils universally recognized by , Christendom. Whjr then is it that they refuse to unite with the Fathers of that grest Council in the tributes of devotion and piety which they offered to the Blessed Virgin? Hear how the great St. Cyril of Alexandria, the guiding genius of that Synod, pronounced the praises of Mary : ' Hail, Mother of God, venerable treasure of the universe, inextinguishable lamp, crown of virginity, sceptre of orthodoxy, temple which cannot be destroyed; hailthou, through whom the Holy Trinity is glorified, through whom churches are founded throughout the universe, through whom nations are brought to repentance. What mortal tongue can adequately celebrate the praises of Mary? Through thee, O Mother of God, the ineffable baptism of sanctih' cation has shone forth, and Satan is overcome. Hail tliou, by whom the demons are 'put to flight; the tempter is cast down from heaven, and the fallen creature is lifted up thither.' It would bo easy to multiply extracts from other early monuments to show how general ?was the devotion of the Christian world to the pleased Virgin in the first ages of the Faith. 1 will cite only the words of the Greek Liturgy of St. James, which critics declare to be long antecedent to the Synod of Ephtsus. I cite it because it was probably the very Liturgy used on the occasion of this great Council by the assembled Fathers. The priest invites the faithful to praise ' our all holy, immaculate, excellently laudable, glorious Lady, the Mother of God and ever- Virgin Mary.' The faithful answer : ' It is very meet to bless thee, the Mother of God, the ever-blessed and all immaculate Mother of our God, who art more honourable than the Cherubim, and incomparably more glorious than the Seraphim ; thee who remaining a virgin, didst bear God the Word, thee truly the Mother of God Ave glorify.' Thus it is that devotion to the Mother and the worship of the Son have been always linked together in Catholic hearts. On the other hand the witness of experi ence cannot be questioned that those who fell away from the due reverence towards the Mother were very soon found to deny the honour and homage which were due ? to her Divine Son. Cardinal Newman has expressed this idea with his usual terseness, and precision. When the evil spirits and false prophets, he says, t( came up again from the realms of darkness, and' plotted the. utter overthrow of Christian faith in the 16th century, then they could find no more certain expedient for their hateful purpose than that of reviling and blas pheming the prerogatives of Mary, for they knew full sure that if they could once get the world to dishonour the Mother, the dishonour of the Son ?would follow close. The Church and Satan agreed together in this, that Son and Mother went to gether ; and the experience of three centuries has confirmed their testimony ; for Catholics who have honoured the Mother still worship the Son, while Protestants, who now have ceased to confess the Son, began then by scoffing at the Mother.' A dis tinguished American Protestant, Dr. Nevin, pro nounces the same judgment on his co-religionists when he writes : ' No man whose tongue falters in pronouncing Mary Mother of God can be orthodox at heart on the article of Christ's person.' A POWERFUL MEANS OF CIVILIZATION. One other feature of Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin should not be overlooked. Through out the course of centuries it has been a most powerful means of civilization. (Applause.) It was mainly through this veneration of the Mother of our Lord that woman was raised from the degrada tion to which she was subjected in paganism, and was no longer regarded as the slave ot; a haughty master. She was respected and ennobled because of her who was blessed among woman. The mild virtues of the Virgin won the admiration of all that was best and noblest in the chivalry of the middle ages, and all the faithful felt honoured in imitating her jtgentlenoss, purity, and sweetness. Augustus William Schlegel has not failed to observe this fea ture of true devotion to the Immaculate Virgin. ' With the virtues of chivalry,' he beautifully writes, ' was associated a new and purer spirit of love, an inspired homage for genuine female worth, which was now revered as the pinnacle of humanity, and, enjoined by religion itself under the image of a Virgin Mother, infused into all hearts a sentiment of unalloyed goodness.' BURNING THE BIBLES. Dr. Goe, Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, has returned to the Bible-burning question with the only unpleasant result, as I learn from the Melbourne papers, that he has seriously burned his own fingers. There was undoubtedly a considerable amount of Bible-burning in England in the 16th century, but the main actor in carrying out the work of destruction was the first Protestant Arch bishop, Cranmer, under the authority of the two great fathers of the Anglican Reformation, Saint Henry the Eighth and Saint Edward the Sixth. (Laughter.) The present Protestant Bishop of Durham, Dr. Westcott, in his history of the English Bible gives the following details. In the year 1543, that is to say nine years after Henry the Eighth had. gone into the paths of schism and heresy, 'Parlia- ment (he says) proscribed all translations of the Bible bearing the name of Tyndale, and required that the notes in all other copies should be removed or obliterated. At the same time it was enacted that no woman (except noble or gentle women), no artificers, apprentices, journeymen, serving-men, husbandmen, or labourers should read to themselves or to others, publicly or privately, any part of the Bible under pain of imprisonment. Three years later, in 1546, the King repeated the prohibition against Tyndale's books with many others, and included Coverdale's New Testament in the same category.' He adds: 'It was probably at this time (1546) that the great destruction of the earlier Bibles and Testaments took place. xVnd even where the book has been preserved the title-page has been in many cases destroyed that the true character of the volume might escape the observation of a hasty inquisitor. For the proclamation was not allowed to remain idle.' Canon Child, in his history of the Church under the Tudors, tells us that somewhat similar enacments were made under Edward VI. A Catholic Queen ascends the throne. Now is the time for burning and prohibiting the Bible if Dr. Gee's theory be true. But what does history tell us ? In Queen Mary's reign, Dr. Westcott writes : ' No special measures appear to have been taken for the destruction of the English scriptures, or for the restriction of their private use.'1 (Applause.) It was not so, however.* under Elizabeth or the first Stuarts. From the life of Archbishop Laud we learn that as late as 1G37, at the instigation of that Protestant Archbishop, three editions of the Eng lish Bible printed b)' Independents on the continent cf Europe were confiscated at the Hague. They were thrown into the sea, ad usum Dclphini, whilst at the same time an English translation of the psalms that failed to find favour with the ruling authorities was burned at St. Paul's cross in London, its author being set in the pillory and sub jected to otfltfr' grievous penalties. (Appla~ase.) THE* AN'OfLICAN BISHOP' AND HIS GODDESS FAD. The ¥ rofestan'fc Bishop1 of OJoulburn, Dr. Chal mers, despite his goddess mania, has made some progress in his studies Regarding the early paintings of the Blessed Virgin. He appears formerly to have contended that devotional1 representations of the Blessed Virgin were unknown in the first cen turies. Now in his latest discourse1 on the 13th inStaM he admits the fact that such representations go back alratdst to the Apostolic age and are found among the earliest tfaika of Christian art. Even here, however, his evil genius' leads him into a new blun der. He says : 'The first pictures of the early Christian ages simply represent the Woman. By* and-bye we find outlines of the Mother and the Child.' It so happens that the very earliest fresco painting of the Catacombs, leading ub bade to the Apostolic times, represents the Mother seated with hlef divine Son at her breast. It is true, however;, thai in those earliest times the more frequent re]-re» sentatio'n' isthat.of the Blessed Vircrin alone, and this precisely biing's into bolder relief the Catholic doctrine that shd pleads for us with her divine Son. She is represented as standing erect, her hands uplifted in prayer. In one of these pictures St.- Peter and St, Paul stand at either side of the Biesde'd Virgin sustaining her uplifted hands, thus fceatling the sacred scene of Moses praying oil the mountain that victory would be givei'2 to the people of God. Dr. Chalmers, however', ffsfcs :: Is it lawful to give to any creature the very titles' which in the Sacred Scripture are applied to our Blessed Lord ? I un hesitatingly answer that when those titles are pro perly understood it is quite lawful to do1 so. (Ap plause.) Our Saviour, as foretold in propntg'cy. is s priest for ever according to the order of Mrfchise dech. Now, He clothes His chosen disciples withHis own priesthood. His are the keys of David. He gives these keys to St. Peter, and imparts to him the spiritual sitpfeme authority which they typify. He was the light of the world. Yet with His own divine lips He announces to the Apostles, 'You are the light of the world.' The doctrine of Catholic faith attaches the genuine meaning to such titles. To the Redeemer they belong' by right of His divinity. To the Apostles they arti communicated by Him as a special grace and favour in the fulfil ment of His mission of mercy. The same precisely holds true when the beautiful names of Mother of Mercy, Gate of Heaven, Star of the Sea, and other ai nilar titles are given to the Blessed Virgin. Suck titles set forth her mission and privileges and dignity, but all these are conferred on her through the special grace and mercy of her Divine Son. THE AUTHORITY OP THE HOLY SEE. In his first discourse Dr. Chalmers, when assail ing the authority of the Holy See, endeavoured to intrench himself behind long extracts from the letters of some of the schismatical Greek bishops who were invited by the Vicar of Christ to avail of the opportunity presented by the Vatican Council to renounce their errors and to return to Catholic Unity. There is nn old saying, ' Tell me your com pany and I'll tell you v/hat you are.' Let Dr» Chalmers look well to this. He accepts as his own the teaching of a schismatical Church on whom has fallen the blight of spiritual unfruitfulness and with the direst penalties which a cruel tyranny could impose. The Catholic Church invites all heretics and schismatics to return to the one saving fold. But when we desire to illustrate the teach ings of divine faith, it is not with them that we cast in our lot. We look for guidance to the great Fathers and Doctors, the authentic witnesses of the teaching of the Church in past ages. Our Com munion is with the Saints, who by the practice of virtue realized in their lives the lessons of heavenly wisdom, and we are associated with the heroic mis sionaries of every age 'who have toiled to spread out the tents of Israel and to cultivate the mystic fiElds of the Gospel. It may not be out of place to cite here the words of Brownson, who with master hand sweeps away the flimsy reasonings of those who would look to schismatics for guidance in this matter' of divine faith. He thus writes : 'It is infallibly cer tain that God has, through His Son, established nu infallible and indefectible ministry, or Ecclesia Docens, commanded it to teach all nations nnd indi viduals ' all things whatsoever he has revealed,' and therefore commanded all nations and individuals to submit to it, to believe, observe, obey whatsoever he teaches as the revelation of God. This Ecclesia Docens is the Roman Catholic Church : it can be no other. It cannot be the Greek Church ; because the Greek Church was formerly in communion with the Church of Rome, and. made one corporation with it. The Church of Rome was then the true Church — Ecclesia Docens — cr it was not. If not, the Greek Church is false in consequence of having communed with a false Church. If true, the Greek Church is false, because it separated from it. So, take either horn of the dilemma, the Greek Church is false, and its ministry, not the Apostolic ministry which in herits the promises. The same reasoning will apply with equal force to any one of the Oriental sects not in communion with Rome, and a fortiori, with greater reason, to all the modern Protestant sects.' THE ANGLICAN BISHOPS WHO CAME OVER TO THE CHURCH. On a former occasion I referred to a number of Anglican Archbishops and Bishops, and a whole host of others remarkable alike for integrity and learning, who renounced their heretical tenets to find rest and salvation in the Catholic Church. Dr. Chalmers, addressing his congregation in August last, cried out in amazement: 'Is this rhetoric or history ?' He tells us since then he has discovered particulars regarding some of the Bishops, but he asks for further information. My statement is quite in accordance with authentic history. I can at present only make the briefest possible mention of each of the prelates to whom I referred. 'Bishop Bush, of Bristol, was schismatically ap pointed to that See under Edward the Sixth, but was set aside on the accession of Queen Mary. From the State papers of Mary's reign -we learn that soon after the appointment of a Catholic Bishop to that See, Bishop Bush repented his of errors, and put away the wife whom not withstanding his priesthood he had taken to him self. As a result he was absolved from the cen sures which he had incurred and was restored to the Catholic communion. He lived in retirement till his death a few months before Queen Mary's demise. The State papers are also our witness for the repentance of Dr. Casey, Protestant Bishop of Limerick. He had been appointed to that See by Edward the Sixth, but was deposed on the acces sion of Queen Mary. Reappointed under Elizabeth. Ihe continued ta enjoy the temporalities of the See jtill his death, in 1591. An official letter from Ire land addressed to Walsin^ham, Secretary of State an England, in October 1(386, discloses the fact that, Casey had some .yws before been reconciled to Some, and encloses a copy of his recantation of heresy, duly attested by 'the Catholic Bean of JUmenck vind others. In this paper Dr. Casey ex presses his sorrow in that he had been a preacher or hereby and had used violence to force CatlioJtaa to abjure their faith. He now declares tkat 01 his cvm free will he renounces ProteEtan'tisin and prays the representative of the Holy See in Ireland to absolve him from the centres which he had in curred, and to restore him to the unity of the Catho lic Church. The ''following words of this retrac* ?Aation speak for themselves : ' Because that I know that that moot gentle mother (the Catholic Church) doth not shut her bosom to any tkat returns, neither doth she receive any man which doth not acknow ledge himself to be hers by his confession i therefore, oy this my confession, not compelled thereunto, but by -mere good will, my conscience accusing me, for tbe_ satisfaction of myoi&ence;, I do confess and believe, ao a Christian and a Catholic man ought to believe, all the articles of the faith, and ail 'the Sacraments of the Church, and I beli'eVe that the Storaan Ghurcli is the head of all skurtthes, and that the Bishop of Rome is the Vicar of Christ on ?earflh.' Theiofficial letter to Secretary Walsingham winch enclosed Dr* Casey's retractation adds the interesting item, tkat not a few others holding 'ecclesiastical preferment under the Government in Ireland, such, as Anglican Bishops and Deans, &c;, were known in like manner to be 'Papists' and ' i-ecoaciled to the Pope.' As regards Archbishop Browne, of Dublin, he . 'was an Englishman schismatically appointed to that S'ee by Henry the Eighth, but valldly consecrated according to the old Catholic rite. He was deposed on the accession of Q.ueewi Mary, but on repenting of his errors and separating from his unlawful wife, fee was absolved from all the censures which he had incurred, as N^e learn from the minutes of proceed ings in the Roman Archives. Lynch to his MS. History of the Irish Bishops tether attest that Queen Mary forwarded to him. Royal letters reap pointing him to the See. Such was his transport ot joy at the announcement of the royal favour that ne expired within a few hours. Miler Magrath, Protestant Archbishop of Cashel, held the tempo ralities of the See till his death in 1622. Dr. Ghal rners speaks of him as ' a wicked Bishop,' Un doubtedly in the beginning of his episcopal career that -character well befits him. During the first tfcw«nty years of his episcopate he relentlessly per secuted the Catholics, and particularly the clergy, ?and in reward received from Queen Elizabeth four or five additional Episcopal Sees in commendance, besides various other benefices. In the closing years ©£ his_ episcopate he repented of his evil ways. Faculties to absolve him from censures and to admit Mm fco- the communion of the Catholic Church were forwarded from Eome by brief to the Roman €afcholie Archbishop Cashel, Most° Rev. David Kearney, in 1612. Lynch, in the work just referred to, cites a manuscript record by the contemporary O'Sullevain. Beare attesting that Magrath before death was received into the Catholic Church. After death lie was clothed in the Franciscan habit by the Franciscan Fathers, and though during life he had ?erected for himself a grand monument in Cashel Cathedral, he was privately interred in Catholic consecrated ground. As regards the Protestant Primate, Archbishop of Usher, his petition to be received into the Church is referred to in the Memoirs of Cardinal Passionei, printed in Rome in the last century. The fact is also recorded in the manuscripts of the contemporary, Cardinal Antonio Barberini, Protector of Ireland, which are preserved in the Barberini archives. The facts, as related in my lecture on the Reunion of Christendom, are taken from the official contemporary history of Rinuccini's Nunciature in Ireland. The original of this invaluable work in six large folio volumes is preserved as a precious heirloom in the Trivulzi family archives in Milan. I have a copy of this manuscript. It was made for me a quarter of a 'century ago at an expense of £120, and corresponds page for page with the original text. I need not dwell on the facts connected with Bishops Montagu and Goodman. They are familiar to all students of the Church history of England under the Stuarts. They may be found set forth in detail in the various Lives 'of Archbishop Laud. The Right Rev. John Gordon, Protestant Bishop of Galloway, in Scotland, was received into the Church in 1703, and proceeding to Rome, resided there till his death in 1726. In connection with this prelate the question regarding the validity of the Orders which he had received in the Anglican Church appears to have been discussed in Rome, and the decision, so far as this particular case was concerned, was to the effect that they were null and void. He was subsequently promoted to Minor Orders, but does not appear to have aspired to the priesthood. His case is treated at considerable length by Canon Eslecourt in his work on Anglican Orders, and by Hutton and others. The last prelate whom I named was Dr. Ives. He had held the Protestant See of North Carolina in the United States for twenty years, where in 1853 he bade farewell to his Protestant episcopal brethren, and to all the temporal emoluments which he held, and was received into the Catholic Church. He published in Boston in 1854 under the title ''The trials of a mind in its progress to Catholi cism' an interesting sketch of the motives which led to his conversion. Referring to the charge made against him in some fashionable quarters of his being unfaithful to the Church of his Baptism, he remarks that by Baptism all are Catholics, and it is only by subsequent errors that they become mem bers _ of the various sects. He adds : 'Instead of unfaithfulness to the Anglican or American corn munioti, I was convinced that in my return to the Catholic Church, I did nothing more than throw off an unlawful allegiance imposed upon me with out my consent, and take steps for my restoration to that Catholic fellowship, that Communion of Saints, of which I was made a member at my bap tism. I felt as one may be supposed to feel who in his unconscious childhood had been borne off asleep from his native shore on some wreck to a desert island, and then in his manhood, after long subjection to want and hardship, becomes con vinced of the disaster and returns to the father that begot him, and the mother who cherished his infancy.' In my former discourse, however, it was not solely to Protestant Bishops that I referred. I referred still more particularly to the illustrious names of Newman and Brownson, of Manning and Allies, of Ward and Northcote, and a thousand others, who with true religious heroism ilung aside everything that this world holds dearest) that they might tie restored to the communion of the Catholic Church. By their learning and enlightenment^ of which they gave abundant proof\ ho less than by their Unselfish devotedhess to every work of religion and their Other manifold virtues^ they have merited the ap plause and eulogy of the whole Christian world. (Applause) THE AUTHORITY OP THE POPE. But here another Anglican divine asks the startling question: Where do you find anything in the Sacred Scripture about Pope Leo Xtll ? It should suffice for ail answer to him to ask-, where do you find anything about &Ueen; Victoria in Magna Charta ? B' ut it will be well to consider the matter in some detail, that thus the Catholic doctrine may be seen in its proper light. The Chut'eh as it came from the Redeemer's hands was not a mere temporary institution but was destined last till the end of time. Nothing is more manifest in the Sacred Scripture than that the visible society instituted by our Blessed Lord, which He called His Church, received from Him the mission to per petuate throughout all ages the blessings of Re demption. Under divine guidance and protection it has never ceased to fulfil this mission. Like the ark of old it may be assailed by many a tempest, but it cannot be submerged. Twelve months ago Mr, Gladstone, viewing the constitution of the Church, not so much in the light of theology as of common sense* thus wrote in one of the leading periodicals of England: 'If Christ Our Lord founded the Church a3 a visible and organized society^, by a commission from Himself ; if lie did this in the most definite and pointed way by a charge, not to the mass of believers promiscuous ly- but to the Apostles whom He had chosen and whom in many significant waj's He designated as His successors in carrying forward the great work of the Incarnation \ and, again, if this charge, far from being limited to the brief term of their personal careers upon earth, was expressly extended by a promise of His superintending presence with them (which could only mean with them and their suc cessors) until the end of the world ; if, finally, this Church was to be the great standing witness in the world for Him and for the recovery of lost mankind ; it follows that a most serious question arose hereupon, which may be described in such terms as these. It related to the condition of any who, acknowledging His authority, yet should rebel 'against the jurisdic tion then solemnly constituted, should sever them selves in doctrine or in communion from His ser vants and should presume in this way to impair their witness and to frustrate thereby His work, so far as in them la}'. This question did not escape the fore thought of Our Saviour, and it was dealt with by Him in the simplest and most decisive manner : ' If he neglect to hear the Church, let him be unto thee as a heathen man and a publican' (St. Matth, xviii. 17). With this stringent law the language of the Apostles coincides, and, most markedly per haps among them all, the language of St. John, who was especially the Apostle of iove. The work of heretics and schismatics was a work of the flesh, it excluded from salvation. Thus, in the face of all hostile powers, and under the pressure of its hos tility, the unity of the Church was maintained, and she patiently pursued her office through the gloom of this world to the glory of the next.' It is manifest that the organization set by the Redeemer as His seal upon the Church was not limited to one or two centuries, but should endure till the end of time. The words which were ad dressed to the Apostles, as the teaching body in the Church, were intended to ?how forth the mission of of their successors in that office throughout all ages. The divine announcement : ' He who hears you hears me : he who despises you despises me,' is as truly addressed to the Bishops of the Catholic Church in the 19th century as it was to those of the first ; and the mission and privileges conveyed by Our Lord to the first visible head of the Church are no less the charter and title-deeds of Pope Leo the Thirteenth than they were of the first Vicar of Christ: 'To thee I will give the keys of the king dom of Heaven:' 'feed my lambs, feed my sheep : ' ' I have asked the Father that thy faith shall not fail ; do thou confirm thy brethren.'' Thus it is that the organization of the Church, so complete in the mission and duties and privileges of its various members, is ultimately linked with the sublime Unity with which Our Saviour endowed His Church. That unity perpetuated from age to age in the victories and triumphs of the Faith rests upon the words of Christ that ' the gates of hell shall not prevail against it,' and each succeeding century in the life of Holy Church, instead of weakening the force of these sacred words, only enhances their evidence and brings into bolder relief that the promise and prophecy which they record are divine. St. John Chry sostom be witness how the Church in the fourth century realized this beautiful feature of the prophecy of Our Blessed Lord : ' From the day that it was spoken, even to the consummation of the world, it remains firm and unshaken, gaining power day by day, acquiring fresh force, enabling all those who have lived from that day, even unto those who shall be until the coming of Christ, to reap the greatest advantages from it, and to derive thence unspeakable aid. For our successors, and theirs, and theirs again, will know its power, as they be hold the contests excited against it, the dangers and troubles, the tumults and waves' and storms ; but beholding it, still not overwhelmed nor vanquished, not overcome, not extinquished, but flourishing, in creasing, and raised to a mightier elevation.' THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH. Here, however, two contradictory views of my critics invite attention. Some of them under the guidance of high Anglican dignitaries in England pretend that the Unity of the Church is something too singular, too marvellous, to be hoped for in our pvesent imperfect state. Others rush to the oppo site extreme and affirm that such Unity as we have described implies a state of mental slavery from which they rejoice that the Protestant Church is exempt. Now, it is quite true that the unity of the Church is a divine gift, far exceeding in its perfection anything that human genius could devise or human power effect, and for that very reason was decreed by Our Blessed Lord as a distinctive mark of His own creative power and infinite wisdom. It would be too great a gift, indeed, were it to depend on .any merits of ours, but .it is quite in keeping with the whole mystery of the Incarnation, which is the unfolding to man of an infinite 'wisdom, mercy, and love. Nor does this most perfect unity involve any slavery of the mind. Truth it is that gives light and life to the intellect. IJvQry ly^th that is embraced by the mind udds to its perfection and enhances its freedom. The Sacred Scripture tdadheB tliafc truth atld tfuth alone ban inakti us free. 'Mis holds good even in the pur suits Of human scie'nee. \Vill anyone befool enough to suppose that the mind is enslaved by the discoveries which are made every day in mathematics or astronomy or the various branches of physical science? (Applause.) No; each truth that is discovered adds new strength the mind and enables it to aspire to a still high perfection of knowledge. It would be a degrading slavery to subniit our intellect to an authority that may lead into error s and sitch is the imperfect authority which alone the Anglican Church can pretend to claim, but it is not slavery to accept the guidance of an autho rity that cannot em Such an authority is God's voice in Holy Church. As the eye in the material light, so the soul enjoys perfect freedom when it embraces the sacred truths which that divine voice reveals. Hence it is that whilst unrest and divisions and uncertainty are the lot of those who are cut off from the Church of Christ, peace and union, liberty of mind and joy of heart, are the heritage of Christ's children in the Catholic Church. THE VATICAN COUNCIL AND INFALLIBILITY. Rev. Mr. Maclnnes, ex-Moderator of the Presby terian Assembly, has repeated a series of historical queries about St. Peter's journeying to Rome and so forth — ' We cannot accept tho doctrine of thePope's infallibility.' I will say in reply only what I have already said to him I Be pleased to open your ej es. The truth to which he would be led by historical studies shines as brightly and as steadily in the firmament of divine truth as the sun in its meri dian splendour. The authoritative voice of the Catholic Church in the Vatican Council has taught that the successor of St. Peter, when as head of the Church he proclaims a revealed doctrine to be be lieved by all the faithful, is heir of the inerrancy of the first Vicar of Christ, St. Peter. Mr. Maclnnes speaks of this doctrine being defined only by a majority of the Bishops present at the Vatican Council. But this is quite a blunder. So far as the doctrine was concerned there was quite a unani mity of opinion. Among the 750 bishops who took part in that great Council the only matter in de* bate on this head Was the opportuneness of defin ing the doctrine-. The Imperial Government in France, then at the zenith of its powef, used all its influence to prevent the defini tion. The various German States were no less violent in their opposition to it. Several of the Bishops, though holding fast to the doctrine itself, thought it would not be expedient to provoke the hostility of those governments by defining it. All, however, were practically unanimous in proclaim ing that the doctrine formed part of the deposit of divine truth. Not only the assembled Bishops but 300 others by their official letters declared that such was the teaching of divine faith, and during the twenty-years years that have elapsed since the Council was adjourned the three hundred millions of Catholics throughout the world have been comforted and consoled by the doctrine thus defined. At the first general Council held at Nicea, 318 bishops defined the doctrines of divine faith impugned by Al'ius atld his followers. All the Protestant sects profess to accept the defini tions of that Council. The Church has not grown old. Her voice is as vigorous and authoritative to-day as it was in the fourth century. Christ ' the same yesterday, to-day, and for evermore,' is ever present to His Church i 'I am with you all days even to the consummation of the wojld.'' Sooner shall heaven and earth pass away than that these divine words shall fail. This is tie secret of the unwavering faith with which all Catho lics receive the solemn definition of the Vatican Council. (Applause.) Those who would rely on mere historical inquiry or the rules of the Higher Criticism to discover the tenets to be held, have too often been compelled to cry out from the depths of their confusion : ' Thou hast hidden these things from the prudent and the wise, and hast revealed them to the little ones.' In olden times the Scottish fathers of Presbyterianism proclaimed that no trace of any order except that of Presbyters could be found in the Apostolic Church, and hence the name of Presbyterians which they assumed. Of late some of their most learned and representative men have come to the conclusion that this was all a mistake, that there was no distinct order of Pres byters in the early Church, and that the Episcopal order was the only one that could be recognized. Why should not the Moderator and his friends change their name in accordance with this dictate of the Higher Criticism ? (Applause.) CATHOLIC DOCTRINE AND HISTORICAL RESEARCH. When there is a question of a doctrine of faith, the Catholic Church does not proceed on the mere lines of historical research. Such a method is only acceptable to those who change their religious tenets with as much ease as they renew their garments. It is the authoritative voice of the Church that defines the doctrine to be received that thus, as the Apostle teaches, we may not be tossed about by every wind of doctrine, nor beguiled into error by the craft and cunning of deceitful men. For this reason St. Augustine would not engage in any such side ques tions with the Manicheans, into whose errors he had at one time befn betrayed, but he directly appealed to the authority of the Catholic Church, whose pure wisdom was the light of God in the Christian soul. And he added the golden words which are as true to-day as they were when written by him in the beginning of the 5th century : 'I am held in the communion of the Catholic Church by the consent of peoples and nations ; by the authority which began in miracles, was increased by charity, and made steadfast by age; by that succession of pastors from the chair of the Apostle Peter, to whose care the Lord, after His resurrection, commended His sheep, even to the present espicopate ; lastly, by the very title of Catholic, which, not without cause, hath this Church alone, amidst so many! heresies, obtained in such sort that, whereas all heretics wished to be called Catholics, nevertheless to any stranger who asks where to find a Catholic Church, no one would dare to point to his own conventicle. These dearest bonds of the Christian name, so many and so great, rightly hold a man in belief in the Catholic Church even though, by reason of the slowness of our under standing or our deserts, truth hath not yet shown itself to us in its clearest tokens. But among you, who have none of these reasons to invite and detain me, I hear but tho empty sound of the promise of vnith,' It will be at once remarked that the dis tinctive features of the Church of Christ here sketched by the master hand of St. Augustine are as distinctive of holy Church to-day, and shine out as purely and as brightly before the world, as in the most golden ages of the Faith, Earlier than St. * Augustine, the holy Bishop of Jerusalem, St. Cyril, j?| thus addressed his disciples : ' When you go to any £» city, do not ask merely for the house of God, rl or for the Church merely, for all heretics pretend to » have this ; but ask which is the Catholic Church ? M for this title belongs to our holy Mother alone.' m THE NAME OF CATHOLIC. |£ What has caused no little amusement from time Ej to time is the vain endeavour of various heretics to ti assume the name of Catholic. Despite their every | effort the whole world only laughed at them for as- m suming such a name or pitied them as insane. De P Maistre has well remarked : ' Every one being r free to assume whatever name he pleases, Lais her- r- self might write over her door ' The House of |: Artemisia.' The great point is to induce others to, | give us such and such a name, which is not quite I so easy as to decorate onrselves with it by our own E authority ; meanwhile there is no real name except I that which is recognized.' In the same way the I early Fathers appeal to the unbroken succession of I chief pastors in the See of Rome as an abiding 1 miracle of God's power, setting the seal of heaven I on that privileged See. Addressing the Donatists, . I St. Augustine cries out : ' Count over the Bishops I from the very See of Peter, and mark in that list of I fathers how one succeeded the other. This is the 1 rock against which the proud gates of hell I do not prevail.' In another treatise he thus I addresses all who are without the one saving fold :' I ' Shall we hesitate to take refuge in the bosom of I that Church, which from the Apostolic See, through I the succession of bishops, even by the acknowledge I ment of mankind generally, has obtained supreme I authority* heretics raging around in vain, con- | demned as they have been, partly by the judgment I of the people themselves, partly by the authority of I Councils, partly also by the splendour of miracles. I To reject her authority is truly either the height of I impiety or desperate presumption.' If it was noth- I ing less than a miracle that for four hundred years the succession of chief pastors was maintained un broken in the See of Rome, what shall we say when we contemplate that same line of pastors still un broken despite all the vicissitudes of eighteen cen turies ? Was not the learned American Protest ant of our own day fully justitied when he wrote, 'The Papacy itself is a wonder of wonders: there is nothing like it in all history besides.' | THE ENEMIES OF THE CHURCH. One other striking feature of the Church should not be overlooked, which serves more and more to bring into bold relief the perfect unity of the Church of to-day with the one home of piety in the early ages. All the various sects of the conflicting here tical communions, no matter how they may. differ among themselves, are found to combine their strength and to unite together when there is .ques tion of assailing the Catholic Church. This remarkable fact pervades all Church history from the numerous heresies which arose in the Apostolic age down to those of our own days. Dr. Spalding has remarked that ' the hundred discordant sects of the first four centuries hated Catholicity as unanimously and as cordially as do the hundred discordant sects of the present day. And they did so for precisely the same reason, because the Catho lic Church condemned them, and because it would not sanction their errors, either in whole or in part.' The union of all the Protestant sects against the Catholic Church in modern times, he adds, ^ is notorious ; every one who has glanced at their his tory must have 'observed the fact, that how much soever they may differ among themselves, they all bury their private feuds, and, from the high-church Episcopalian down to the Unitarians and Universal ists, they unite to a man and make common cause, either openly or by silent sympathy, Avhenever it is a question of attacking the Catholic Church.' THE POPE'S APPEAL TO THE ENGLISH PEOPLE. The Protestant Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, in a lecture addressed to his friends a few weeks ago, made one singular remark. The appeal which the Pope has addressed to the English people, he says, is a proof of the strength and grandeur of the Anglican Church. This remark has the merit of novelty ; but it affords a new proof of the remark able, not to say inconceivable, ignorance that, pre vails even in high places in the Protestant Church regarding the action of the Holy See. (Applause.) The Pope, as Chief Pastor of Christendom, yearns for the return of all the straying sheep to the one saving fold. He has addressed the Copts and the Uriental Churches, summoning them back from the devious paths of heresy and schism, and it is con soling to learn that very many have listened to his voice. Assuredly, however, such an address is not a proof or token of any special strength or vitality in those decaying churches. (Applause.) He has more than once in like manner invited the Protes tants of Germany to find a refuge in the ark of sal vation. Is this a proof of the strength of German Protestantism ? But Protestantism in Germany has become a bye-word and an empty name. Fifty years ago Schleirmacher, though himself an ardent Protestant, likened it to an iceberg melting away before the sun. When the Holy Father, in his pastoral solicitude, addresses the English Protestants it is precisely in the same spirit, to recall them from the precipice to which they are being hurried along, that they may become partakers of the Catholic heritage of divine faith. (Applause ) No one in his senses would point to the Anglican Church at the present day as a model of spiritual strength and perfection. (Hear, hear.) PROTESTANTISM EBBING AWAY. One of its Bishops (Dr. Ryle)in November, 1890, in his Charge to the clergy of Liverpool, besought them ' to realize the painful fact that the Protes tantism of the country is gradually ebbing away.' In the first decades of the present century Lord Macaulay described the Church of England as ' a hundred sects battling within one Church.' Since these words were written, each decade of years has added another hundred to thelong list of conflicting sects, and never was it more manifest than at the present day that there is no authoritative voice to teach divine truth in the Anglican communion. To cite again the Protestant Bishop of Liverpool, just referred to, the Church of England is ' in a state of chaotic confusion. Things have come to such a pass that it did not appear to matter a jot what a clergyman held or believed.' Queen Elizabeth used to boast that 'she tuned her pulpits,' but now each parson may .tune his pulpit as he pleases. (Hear, hear.) The divinity of Christ, the nature of the Atonement, the efficacy of the Sacra ments, the inspiration of the Bible, the eternal re probation of the finally impenitent, are all regarded as free questions, and the doctrine regarding them becomes more vague and varyiug every day accord' ing to each individual's caprice dr fancy. A few ?weeks ago in the FortNightly Kevjcew, Ldiiclorij & Protestant contributor declared that ' the Arch bishop of Canterbury can no more compel the mildest curate to conform to his views than a bum boat woman alongside a man-of-war can cause the I captain to swallow her flyblown pies.' (Laughter.) There is one thing of which Dv. Greene may rest assured. The Pope's address to the English nation ?will not be without its happy results. (Applause.) His Voice will be listened to by those for whom it is intended in the ways of God, 'arid not a few will be gathered into the one true fold. (Ajiplause.) It is on such occasions that the practical wisdom of the Holy See is brought into bold relief. Cardinal Newman many years ago reminded his English countiymen that 'the Pope is no recluse, lio solitary 6tudent, no dreamer about the past, no \- doter upon the dead and gone, no projector of the visionary. He for 1800 years has lived 'in the world; he has seen all fortunes, he has encountered all adversaries, he has shaped himself for all emer gencies. If ever there was a power on earth who had an eye for the times, who has confined himself to the practicable, and has been happy in his anti cipations, whose words have been facts and whose commands prophecies, such is he in the history of ages, who sits from generation to generation in the Chair of the Apostles as the Vicar of Christ and the Doctor of His Church,' . THE DIVINE AND THE HUMAN INSTITUTIONS. ?In replying to my critics to-day I have dwelt i particularly on the divine authority of the Catholic Church ever sustained by the abiding presence of Our Saviour, teaching His doctrinn, and handing on from age to age the blessings of Redemption. The Protestant Church does not even pretend to teach by divine authority. It has no centre of unity. It stands before the world branded as a human insti tution, subject to ull the human vicissitudes of perpetual change and dissensions and decay. In the beginning of_ the English Reformation under Henry the Eighth, it was decreed that seven Sacraments should be admitted under penalty of death. Under his successor Edward the Sixth, 'every one was left free to accept what Sacraments he pleased. Queen Elizabeth finally decided that there were only two Sacraments, as if the blessings of Redemption and the fountains of Our Saviour' smerny were to depend on the whims or vagaries of a Parliamentary enact ment or a royal decree. So too the first book of Common Prayer, which by supreme royal authority enjoined Extreme Unition and prayers for the dead, was declared to be 'set forth with the aid of the Holy Ghost.' Nevertheless the second prayer-book § by the same authority discarded all prayers for the 1 dead and pronounced the admininistering of Ex 1 treme Unction to be nothing less than a ' corrupt I following of the Apostles.' At the present day I there is scarcely a single article of the creeds in re § gard to which contradictory tenets are not professed I with impunity by bishops and dignitaries of the I Anglican Church. How different it is in the Ca I thoiic Communion ! The abiding presence pro § mised by Christ to the Church is revealed in the I perpetuity of her teaching, ever ancient and ever I new, rejecting every novelty of heresy that arises, I and confounding the perverse errors of men by I confronting them with the doctrines of life de I livered by the Redeemer to the Apostles and by I them consigned to holy Church. The world has I waxed old, but the Church has not altered. As in I the Apostolic age, so to-day it brings forth the 1 same faith, the same spirit of piety, the same peace 1 able and humble fortitude. From century to cen I tury her saints and missionaries and martyrs have | gone forth hand in hand, renewing the triumphs of the Cross. CLOSING WORDS. And now, in bringing these remarks to a close, may I not repeat the beautiful words of Fenelon which find an echo in every Ca tholic heart : ' O Church of Rome ! O sacred city ! O beloved common country of all true Christians ! In Christ there is neither Greek, nor Scythian, nor Jiarbarian, nor Jew, nor Gentile ; in thy bosom they are as one people, all are citizens of Rome ; and | every Catholic is a Roman. Behold the mighty \ stem which has been planted by the hand of \ Christ. Every branch which is separated from it [ fadep, withers, and dies. O Mother ! whoever is a I child of God is also Thy child ; after the lapse of ? bo many centuries thou art still fruitful. O I Spouse, thou bringest forth children to Christ in I every quarter of the globe. O Church, whence | Peter will forever strengthen his brethren ; let my I right hand forget itself, if ever I forget thee. Let I my tongue cleave to iny mouth and be motionless, I if thou be not, to the last breath of life, the prin jj cipal object of my joy and my rejoicings.' (Loud I] and prolonged applause.) 