STAGE, SOIG AID SHOW. Modern Gbosts and Spiritualism. In tho presonce of a large audience at the Federation Hall last night Mr, G. E. Boyle conducted his pupils' concert. The ama teurs showed excellent form in the choral work, and sang throughout with a firmness and confidence that spoke aloquently for the excellent teaching they had undergone. The opening- concert of the Esty-Mareh combination will, ae already announced, be given at the-Town Hall on Saturday even, ing. . Details of the programme are. not yet uvailablo, but it may be taken for granted that entertainment of a delightful character will bo provided. It i9 expected that the mnmbeis-of the quartette/will roach hero' to- morrow morning. -Booking is proceeding busily at Paling's. ' Miss Naylor; the aooomplishcd s.nd highly popular pianiste, who is about to leave for Europe, will be accorded a:farewell benefit concert at tho-Y.M'.C. A. Hall, this evening. The' high esteem in 'which MIsb Naylor is held by her brother and -sister '¦•profes sionals' is shown by tho liberal dis play of talent .which the programme for this evening inoludes. Those who will appear are Mrs. C." 'A. Edwards, Miss Bessie Morgan, Miss Lottie Hy am and Mr. Allprese, Miss Ada Charleswortb, Miss Amy Simpson, Mr. Frank Adams, M.Henry Kowalski, Mr. Percy Bales, Mr. Percy Bar low, the Orpheue . Glee Club and several other well-known artists, including Miss Naylor herself, who will render valuable assistance at the piano. May tho ragret at 'Miss Naylor's departure bo .softened by the presence of : a bmriDer house to-night. A feature of , particular Jlnterost in connoo- tion with yesterday afternoon's organ recital was M. Wiogand's playing of the " Com munion: w.G," by Miss Esther Kahn; a young amateur: of thiB.aiiy. , Tho hearing, disclosed remarkable grace of stylo and the .'possession bf..tlie faoulty "for writing, softly- 'flo.wihg melody. . A gavotte by Tours, Lefe- bure-Wely's " Preludo .jri.D," and Batiste's '( 0 Filii " were also warmly .reoeived. Upon this subjeot the Rev. Mr. Haweis delivered his finalieoturd at the ; Soiiool of Arts last night, At-the' outsot he frankly admitted that : he, Had ' never seen - .a ghost, but lie had. on maiiy .occa sions heard of people who had. Clearly Mr. Haweis places oonsidcrablc faith in the testimony of, those persons who havo related their apiritualistio experiences to him. With stories of straoge things seen and miraculous things effected the lecturer hold his audience deeply interested, an:l as he was careful not " ' to' 'tako , .up the cudgels either of believers or of those who laugh, the audience was left at the close toitbink it out on th'o way home. ' Od Monday evening at' tho Centenary Hall Mr. Raymond Blathwdyt, the' well- kiiovrn English journalist, will give the first of two lbe'turbs upon "Celebrities at- Home," During a long and busy fixperieneo in the work of journalism Mr. Bla'ihwayt has brought together a great gallery of distinguished,' persons, with|whoso obaraoteristics he will deal on Monday evening. The subjebls of discourse will be illustrated with photos and sketches by eminent artists, including Phil May, Dud. ley Hardy and 'others. Tho second and : last concert will be given on Tttesday, , 