Dancing.— Does dancing l*ad to drinking, and is it wrong to dance oa Sanday ? When one hears that thia question is being hotly discussed within the walls of Sion one thinks ;ne wnoie question ot ouaaaj oDservanee may shortly be settled by an ex cathedra decision if the highest authority. But Sion is neither in the Old nor in the New Jerusalem, it is the small capital of Canton Valais that is so ieeply stirred on this question. The Grand Council aays, or part of them eays, that dancing leads to thirst, and thirst to drinking, and Valais produces excel lent wine ; ergo, dancing on Sanday leads to drinking on Sanday — quod erat reprobandum. At the same time the Grand Council doubts — with some mixture of metaphors — 'the- expediency of running counter to a sentiment whioh is deeply anchored ia the hearts of the women of the Canton. :l The daughters of Valais always have danced on Sunday, and they mean to dance. One of them even added that if the police interfered they would go into the frozen silent mountain glens and dance by themselves. The men might stay away if they liked, but she remarked quietly and sig nificantly, 'the men will come.' The com bined strength of women is grander than all Grand Councils, and has been so from the days of Lysistra&a.; till now. Tha Sabba tarians of Valais (observes the Pall Mall Gazette) will have to yieid. The Mahatma Hoax.— Writing on the recent exposure of the great Mahatma hoax the World says: — 'The moral of the whole sorry business is by no means an agreeable one to contemplate. Not for the first time we are confronted with aa absolute disproof of the comfortable theory that a readiness to be imposed upon by any plausible dealer in metaphysical quackery is the peouliar weak ness of vulgar minds. This theosophy seems to have made no imprasaion whatever beyond the ranks of educated people. It is not a 'religion' which has commended itself to the masses, who know nothing about it, and care less. The whole movement, with the oopiou3 discredit attaching to it, lies at the door of persons who belong, in the language of the police reporter, to ' a superior station in life,' and who ought now, in the aauie pioturesque phraseology, to feel their poaition acutely.. It seems to be considered that credulity, like vice in the estimation of Edmund Burke, loses half its evil by losing all its grossness. We have still nothing but contemptuous pity for the maidservant who crosses the gipsy's grimy palm with a piece of her hard-earned silver, and no reward but the gaol for the un kempt soothsayer who casts her horoscope at the area gate. Yet, above stain, the flourish ing practitioners of more elaborate forms of pseudo- mystical jugglery were welcomed with open arms, and the Homes, the Slades, and the Blavatskys achieve many more conquests in the saloon and the library than does the peripatetic Zingara in her humbler sphere of operations. It all goes to prove that civiliza tion, even at this time of day, is powerless to stifle that innate craving after the mysterious and the uncanny whioh has still power to bind intellect and culture to the chariot-wheels of blatant imposture. We hear a good deal about the materialism of the age, the decay of superstition, the growth of a prosaic and hard-shelled cynicism in our midst. Yet there was, perhaps, never a time when the purveyors of all varieties of fan tastic and unorthodox supernaturalism commanded more attention or attraeted more interest. The traders in 'occultism' appeal to a passion which will never be ex tinguished while human nature remains what it is. Credulity, in some shape or other, will survive to be played upon till the end of the chapter, even as it has existed from the be ginning. The Mahatmas may follow the 'mediums' into the limbo of detected frauds; but new mystical impostures will still arise and flourish, for new dupes and devotees will have it so. These pitiful exposures suggest a doubt whether, after all, we are so very much better and wiser than our ghost-fearing and witch-hunting forefathers.' Carbonic Acid Gas as an Antiseptic— During November an experimental carload of fruit was shipped to Chioago, and its condi tion has been reported as follows : — 'The lirst carload of fruit shipped from California under the new process of preservation, by carbonic acid gas instead of' refrigeration, was disposed of in the market here to-day. The car was shipped from Sacramento on the 13th, but owing to numerous accidents en route did not reach Chicago until midnight of the 21st. Even then it was subjected to further delay in the yards, and did not reach the consignee's warehouse until last night. The car contained two air-tight compartments, out of which, after the fruit had been loaded, the air was exhausted and tho compartments charged with carbonic acid gas. In ons of the accidents on the road the car was par tially derailed, and one compartment sprung in such a manner as to permit a leakage of the gas. The other was not injured. When the fruit was unloaded to-day that in the damaged compartment was found to be partially spoiled owing to the admission of air, while tha fruit from the other was in as perfect con dition as the day it was loaded. The prices it brought, were as high as any in the market. Those interested in the new experiment are delighted with the success of this initial trip, and assert confidently that it settles beyond a doubt the utility and value of their plan of preservation as compared with refrigeration.' The above report is from the consignee, and. if strictly accurate as to the facts, it establishes all that is claimed for it, as com pared with ice or artificial refrigeration. A small trial could be made by using a seltzogene as a generator for carbonic acid gas. ' Love and Lifs' in the Warns House. — Considerable excitement in artistio circles has been caused, according to an American con temporary, by Colonel John M. Wilson, Superintendent of Public Buildings, Wash ington, in refusing to allow the painting ''Love and Lite' to be hung in the White House. At the last session Congress voted to accept the painting, whioh was offered to the American people by the English artist. Watts. The picture was exhibited at the World's Fair. It represents Love as a nude young woman leaning against a nude young man, who personifies JLiife. The figures are iiie-sizn. There is nothing suggestive of evil in the painting, aud it has been much admired. After Congress had accepted the painting, Secretary Gtesham wrote to the painter thac his gift to the American people would be hung in the White House. TLin picture is all ready to take its place of honour upon the White Route walls, but Colonel Wilsou eays that he will not permit it to occupy a place there un leas President Cleveland expressly orders it to be hung. In hi* capacity as Superintendent of Buildings, Colonel Wilson has authority on all such matters. Watercress axd Ttphoid Fever. — Dr. W. Verdon, the Medical Officer of Heahh for Lambeth, on November 21 (says the St. Javies's Gazette) made a startling report to the Sanitary and Publics Health Committee ot the pariah, the fads of which, he said, were of widespread importance in view of the large consumption of watercress in the metropolis. ?Vhila investigating the source of infeitioo in several outbreaks of typhoid the dootcr's sus picion fell upon watercress as the infecting agent, and, through the courtesy of the trades man who sold this edible, he was able to trace it to its placs of growth on the outskirts of South London. A general survey of the large sewage farm in wich the wateroress beds were situate oould not fail to impress the ordinary observer of the magnitude of the demands on the breakfast tables of London for watercress. Through all the sectional beds, however, a gentle current of water was maintained, and analysis demonstrated that this watnr had all the chemical characteristics of liquid sewage; and further, a microscopical examination re vealed the presence of innumerable colonies of micro-cocci and bacteria — the miorobtc popu lation of our drains. 