.OON8EORATION OF DR. GALLAGHER. THE RECEPTION. Srlmenar afternoon witnessed the eommsoeeo. ment of an event whioh has for some months past been uppermost in the minds of the Roman atholics of the diocese of (Oolborn. For the pset twenty-eight years the control of the affairs of the diocese has boen in tbhe hands ofthe Right bRe. Dr. Lanigan, and the energy, zeal, and piety with which he fulfilled the task is evidenced by the position of the church in the diocese to-day. Now that the venerable prelate is well advaneood in yearsts and felt that the work was more than he could undertake, be applied to tbhe Holy See for a coadjotor, and consent belog given, the priests of the dioceso nominated the Rev. Dr. Gallagher of Weggs and president of St. Patrick's College for the responsible position. The choice rooeived the sanction of the hierarchy of New Booth Wales, and finally that of his Holiness the Pope. On reselpt of this consent, arrangements were be gun for Dr. Gallagher's consecration, and yes. Serday was chosen for the nospicious event, sod his Eminence Cardinal Moran promised to ofeiiate. The Atchbiebops of Melbourne, Brisbane, nod Adelaide, the Anuillary Bishop iof Bydney, the Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Orafton, and Wilctunia In New Sooth Wales, and the Bishops of ?lslarat and Sole in Vie toria also promised to be present. In addition to the priests of the dioceee a large number from other dioeses anoonoed their intention of boine ereosot. It was arranged that a iltting welcome should be given to the visiting prelates and other dietingnisbed visitors on Saturday, and that they should be met at the railway station by his Lordebip Dr. Lanigan and the clergy. A large crowd of theb generl public or. lembled at the station, both on the platform oad at the entrance. Tbh Cardinal Archbishop a?oompnifed by hie secretary, Dr. O'tarnn, arrived on Thursday nud other of the prelates were in Goulbarn before otuerday afternoon. These were driven tohe elation to take port in the weslomo. When the train arrired there were In it the tight Reve. Dr. Higgins ol BSydney, I)r. Morray of Maitland, Dr. Doyle of Grelton, and Dr. Byron of Bathurst, Prior Vaughan, -ad a largo comber of visiting prieete. They were welcomed to Gonlburn by Dr. Lanuigau, a large number of the priests of the dioecee, and prominent laymen, and were conveyed to carriages awaiting otcideo. A procession wae fotrmed cotmposed of the members of the Cu?treternity of the Holy Family, the A.I.C. Guild and IH.A.C,B. soileties, and mrut mi re of the congregotion followed by the carriages containing the visitors. The proocesion marched up Verner street to $8. Peter nnd Paul's Cathedral, and was followed by a large cencourec of people. On reaching the cathedral the proereiono halted and eolored the building. Ans ?on so the Cardinal, thf, orhbbiehops, the bishops, and priests were in1 the sanctuary, and the aIsrgo attendance oeated, Mr. C. Gillespio advanoed and read the following address from the Romao Catholic laity of the dioceoe to the Cardinal and other visiting prelntus: To IIs Etaruceva CAnt*IcNAL MtlonA, i?croc GtAcE Ton Aronltrnoro, AI I0nri:n .Lolutsnli Tir Io uOrin e " o Ar hnAtL.A?A. Tonr Emlincoe, We rejolca thlt an eret iin lhetlll tory ot the Chulreh t thiiL dioenau Itir alorded tie nu or,?rucaltr ofi hldbttlltg or rEmlncerlc, ad cit tr Iorathlp+ the Arch blhop. aed Otaehotit AItrItrnlihe, a h CIrty Clnd Ullltr Ftllth to the Clthermt Ciity f (oalhLurn. In the ottllOt teaittieoc tOl rw horeice occupile, -ce reeogula ilte roeel.lpillt y leloerd uolpen you, together with yoer other hlllh dtatte, of prolatretng wlth no uo ertte u eomt the hothrtlle tI tlle fitth, iand ?e, eonr ptitultant hlltdren ore troud to rckowledgo thant your trolng anld r earrch, eour icennrsr of asonlnoat ?c?d ebnltlty ofelptll laehe eeblld yel to nohblyp uicol thl eharetelr gld toaetthlgle oft Itho Catholic OChureh throughout Auitrlaetls. hlpl theo Aruhlneilhi'n uod lilnhope of thlnso oloonte - 1onllntiL fo? rl?:ltleo over thoe Imllele oudor your chuale -elth }on las, the dlty lI luonmolmnt to odt»not t-"o "Yalth onoe dellhlred toi thbn nltl." Prtlneet ol the OhrlellIn Ohlohul, tho OitholloI of thI Sotlh fel uonihdntt eho IUtorestl ol thei Ohlrelh Mtlllot conld not repor.o In bItIltr hanld or bo uphold t norf loyol lheArta. "We nioto uTleouIe you to Ooulbtrm on the oclcIon nl aothcr nlcd Ilonorul t t lioirng added to thlu brtght .lantrehy ol Auetrll ll.--ooa e whose ttrllltonl endoue mont. and terlh opiint ,d t iltlg to the Elelcopotfo adtltelnot cnltrl,, rud t uogtheooe ouurimooe cd hI. dtomltahlo ai ,otr yu no . n 0 Pln of eo much loterolt 1tll, toetllhr wlllh your vlelt, hogh beo rmotbotet with ttlltndt to Ood by thn Othinllc of tllId diocrso. We t r's hlt poy, te hltrtorr, that theo tlellhlloo of the Itdlj Trinity uilly oItloc with «nwUoPI ylour lahrie to htll tip lh t CIuircih ifl Cherll In tlilrao ret rolotlea. Bollelllhto Lllte Otllelltioi of flint I.lllltu , r our tlctll the Arclloiiollop;, llllyor Lorl'dhlpi tho fulnioMl ol hnstroltai, Bgtinr on ll] ol oth lilly of thllo dloeero, oltothIer tittJ..Lr'to, Ibtotte hIlottel~ll.lt,. Copies of the above were than proeseotd by lMr. Gillnopio to the Cardinal, tihe arch. hish?ops, ?od the visiting bishops. The Oardinal thanked the laity for their nddroas, and on hohblf of himoolf and the visiting ptolateo expressed the ploannro they felt in neBembliog in Onulburn to take port in the joyful event of tho following day-an ovent ewhich must be fall of joy to the vener able prolate who hod ruled tthli dioeoco for so long, and who wos reckoned oa one of the veterano in tih hierarchy of thin colony. That he had won great triumpho for religion during hie long episcopalt is evidenced by the beautilnl chuochos, the omiolent schools, and the roligious houneas to be found scattorod throughout the dlocose, and nastly by that outhedral no the sentro of all light and woork in the diooonn. The enerablo prelate has booen enabled to sohiovn thin work by his love for his God, for bit religion, and for the country of his adoption. It was right that now in his advanolng years he should obtain ncoiet. anco in carrying on the arduous work; and it was only meet that it hiould be n nub. jest of joy to this vonrrablo prelate thot the hboion of coadjutor thad fallen on one Inbnted with the anmo love no himnolf, and it wan hoped that for many years to come he would assist the onserable prelate in enrrylug on the work the latter had so faithfully and uncoonosflly began. Australia wanted energetic mon for the hierarchy of the future, anod the pricet of the diooest could not have ohooan ono more earnest or of greater ability than he to be conscecrated to the hierarchy on to-morrow. It was melt also that the folthful followers of the church should rejoice in having such oi an? to lend and guide threm in opiritual things, and one well fitted to hand on the traditions of tlh sea and to continuo the work so well begun by its fleert occupant. The Cardinal again thanked the laity for thcir hearty welcome and wished thom ovory Archblehop Oarr of Melbourno aleo re. sponded and spoke of the om(uo that day called forth. It woe a unique soono to wit. ness no many of the hietarchy and of the elergy, regular and reoular, aseombled to join in the auspicloun event of the following day. Thero could be no stronger proof of the affolo tlon and veneration felt for him who had so isnoly and faithfully filled the duties of Bishop of this soo for no manny yearn, and of the oetoom in which he who would on the following day be conseoorated coadjutor. Bishop was held. The processton that day also ahowed that the Cathollos of Goulburn were imbued with a deep fooling of love for their church and Its ministers, and on behalf of the visitors heo thanked them for thaLt expreo clonor deep Oathollo foollug. Thin feolilg was brought about by the past blnlory of the churoh, which told of the union that existed between the hisbop and people In the laud whioh to many of them was the land of birth, of the poreooution which both had on. dared on beohalf of their religlon; nud of the blood bhed in its ouano. It speaks in the present of the strength and enernogy to be found In tlhe religion of the eatholion of thli land, and giveo confldenco no to the future of the church here, and emphasien the foot that the same sentiments exist hero among Oatholloei as xintod in the past in the old land. The foaet of the following day was to give to the church aos o coadjutor blshop o Man learned in nttanlnmeute, klud of bohears, and well fitted to lighten the burdon of gov. orning this diocres aid Itihlo prolong, it wao hoped for many yoearn the lifoe of tho venouable prolate, the firt bishop of this diouese. In tim (the coadjutor) the privats would flnd a kind and tender friend, but at the nmcoe time a firm administralor; and to the people ho wonld be a truoo father in aplritual things, On boehalf of the viltling proelate ho (Dr. Carr) nxproceed their graloful tppreolation of thel hoarly reeoptlon they hod reooived. The prooedlugo aooncludeld wi th t IBonoe diction pronounced by tho Oardloal. TUBJ CONSIOR&TION.; Tho rollgioun ooroinmninl prodied by tIho Chbholloa (Churchl fcr the otnctirntlon of Ioer Dluloiin lo or f n mloRa i IOiLr[;nd V1141 oi01 ohnraotor. Oorrlc1 out on wooe the corornonll 1n loindiy il the fulnoan of Itl zoojonyl, tho event, as a matter of course, drew together a large gathering, and by ten o'clock, the hour set apart for the Inception of tlhe proceedinge by which Dr. Gallagher wle elevated to the episcopacy, the cathedral held a largeo congre gation, included amongst whom were Catholics fromrn almost ery portion of the Guulburn diocese, leading laymen from Sydney and elsewhere, and members of different donomina. tions from this city. The ceremony corum mernced with a procession entering the chrech from the western door. The procession was In this order-alter.boys headed by one of their number as crost.bearer; the following clergy :-from Sydney, Very Rev. Monsignor O'Brien (Rlector of St. John's College); Very Roy. Monsignor Verdon (St. Patrick's, Manly); Very Rev. P.La Rennetel, Very Rev. P. Slattery 0,S.F., Very tRev. A. Boyle O.M.. Very Rev. P. Treand M.B.Hi., Very R.v. Fr. O'Coonell O.J., Very Rev. J. Ryan B.J., Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (private seoretary to the Cardinal Archbishop), Rev. Father Buon. bury, Rev. T. Long, Roe. Father D'Aroe; from Melbourne, Reve. P. Phelan and P. Doherty; from Ballarat, Very Rev. Father O'Farrell O.B.B.R.; from Maitland, Very Royv. P. V. Dwyer, and Rev. Father. Oleary .S.S.R. ; from Batheort, Very Rev. Father Byrne (president of St. Stanuilens Ollege), Rev. J. Milao Oarran F.O.B. ; from Dunedin (N.Z.), Rev. Father Mackay; from Goulburn diocese, Very Roe. Dean O'Keefe (esre), Very Rev. H. M. Finngen (Goodagai), Very ItRev. M. Slattlry (Tomant), Rev. Father Hennesesy (Albury), Ror. E. J. Fallon, 11ev. J. Lane, Rev. P. J. Donovan (administrator S8. Peter and Paul's Catiledral), Rev. it. O'Bullivan, IRev. D. Griffin, Rev. W. McGrath, lier. J. Lano, Rev. P. iMcAlroy, RIt. J. Kennedy, R?e. J. Gafcey, Rev. T. O'Shaughneeby, BRev. T. Gray, evor. M. Buckley, RIev. J. Dwyer (St. Patrick's College), Rev. J. Curly, Dr. Daly ISt. Patrick's College), and Very Rev. Father Vincent Grogan (Mary's Mount). Very Rev. Prior Vaughan and Very Rev. Gregory Cllaghan (Provincial of the 'Pao.ionisto, at present on a visit to the colonies) tod the R1ev. T. O'Connell of Wilounnia were aBio present. The following were the representa. tires of the Iliorarchy:--lis Emminence Cardinal MIoran, His irace Artchbiehop Carr of Melbourne, His Grace Arohbishop O'Reilly of Adolaide, their Lordshipo Right liev. Dr. Murray of fMant land, nod fRight Rev. Dr. Lanigan of Goulburn (who accompanied the Bishop-elect, Right ifev. Dr. Galingbeer): ight Rev. Dr. ilyrne of Bathurst; itight Rev. Dr. Doyle of Grafton; tight IRev. Dr. Corbott of Sale (Victoria); Right Rev. Dr. Higgine, Anvil. iry Bishop of Sydney ; Right fler. Dr. Donne of WIiloeanoi, and Right Rev. Dr. Moore of Ballarat. The Arcblieshop, Bishops, and clergy having taken the places nosigned them within the oanoctary, hib Eminence the Car dinal proceeded to the Bishop's throne, nc companied by Very tev. Moosignor O'Brion and Very Reo. Monsignor Vernon, who throughout the ceremony wore in attendance ot hies Emineoce, who, oas consecrating pte. Intoe, wsne aesieed by their Lordships Dre. Lanigan and Murray. The Cardinal and the anaisting Bishops, accompanied by the Bishop. elect and Very RIer. Dean O'Keole, Very RIev. Father H. 11. Finnegan, Very Rev. Fathier Slattery, and Very Rev, P. D.vyer next took their plaeou at the altar, and the ceremony of conoecrtrion was ontered npoo by Dr. Daly rending the papal bull. At different portions of tihe Mas,, the celebration of which was soon niter commenced, tho various insignia of his oflio were communicated to the Beshop.elcot, and before thei readinig of the last Gospel whilst the Te Doem l wa being sung by the resembled prelates and prioats, the newly eonaDorated bishop with Dr. Lanican nod Dr Murray on either side of him passed round: the churoh beoltwing his blensing on tilt kneeling coigregation. leturning again to thle eaunctuary the last gospol wen read. and tihe ceremonial of conneoration brought to a close. Very 1ov Dr. O'r irau and tov. J. Dwycr wer l Mastters uf Oeremonioc. The preacher on Ieh ocnEsin was Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney, who took thIose worde for hi text, " All power s giveno to me in hcaven and on earth; go ye, therefore, and tleal all nations. Aud behold I am with you all doayB nven to the conummmation of the world." Mat. 28.18. In these werds Chrietlhnd, at thi close of HIs earthly mission, in the ezorcise of that plenitude of power received from Hie Father, boaestwed upon thlle postles that ligh warrant of authority in virtue of nhioh they shoultd oontinno through themnolves and their sno. osnjors to preach His geospel to the end of time. Tle high uommiolion thue conferred on theo pootllnr wa duly ratified ton days ubneequently on the great lonet of Pentocoat when tihe Spirit of God doaoonooded pon thel anputloa in the form of tongueo of fire. The inflnt chlurolh then» aqnippoel had gone on heo coureo trinmphoutly, until to-day her bat Ltliono wiiro lorined and her otlours flying in every lsud whore thero are minds to beo illumined by theo divine truth and hberte to be w(c to the Bervico of Geod. In the im pining coreoluny j]ut Oonaludod lthoy kind n frehl dovolupmout of. that progreoslvo octivity which hod markod thl ohurch'ii hietory. By that ceremony a non loader had bnci ofioaon to Oarry the bnanor of God's chliurch nd to gnido her ouward mnrch of ,ollightoumont in thIi now land, and that that choico was pregnant with high hopo and pronmie of futuro blosninrio the thrill of joy which its Rlad tidinogi lately unot through the length and braudth of tho dioones nnfiolontly proolaimed. Dr. Gallghor'lm virtno nnd lfrning, hi tblcntn anod oulturo.his long nod varied oxporienou in loissionnry nad ahlolootio wmrk. fitted lim moust omiiuently for tlo exalted ifllo,. Tlho oloqucnt prooaheir in dwelling on tibo igniflonoo of .tlhe curmony thint ihd juat beien comploeted poko at soma liogtlh ou ,th dignity of the priosthood, and pinltd out thalint by the ouorod rito of conoa oration tho plouitudo of naoordotal power had beun addoed to lthe eblimo dignity noonorrid on the prelate on tho day of hite rdinotlon. A liahnop as a en etinal on the wtohtoweor of thie ohurch wan n witnons unto liher truth, the expondter of her tonching, tho interprclor of liher lnw to those within the limits of hli jurindiotion. IHl must wiitch with tie kieen eye and noxious heart of the Good Shephnrd for the advance ol any thronatning dnmloor, nyo, nnd dofend hin flook from the onslhaught lonvo with thoe ?aoliflo of hlls lifo, if nord bO, on the purpl of hi Epinoopni robeo in Intended to remind him.. Hlie ta io courc of all ecclesiastical ,uthomity in his diocono looislntive, directivo, judioinl, and punitive. In the oxereleo of hin dnltiou.tlo guidiuog tinciple of 0 llishop munot over hie tho glory. of God, .and the opiritual interest of the fllook ommitted to his aonr. If the yobtng prolnto who sat' be. fore them enthroned allowed hi tihoughte to travel from the impoling eprotaoleo aound to tho contompintion of the dintant Infture, and if in ooeeking to road that future, in detueting the ondles lelbor, thoharrowing oare, the lolop. lonse ights whiah may lie behind the plauditn of approving friends, ho felt hie courago fail nod his heart grow faint, hn only in this gave soothor proof of his ftlnone for the ponition to whlch he had boon raleod. In no department of bhie piscopal chargo would there be a wider field for the exoroino of vigilanoe nold enal thin in the onre of the young of his ilook. The Bishop must mako the child and the school the rallyiog ory of hi moeet etreouone lfforit nod thee ioal of his highloo pastoral aimn. Conulading, hli Lordship aolod for the pnaytre of the oongregation on behalf of the young Ooadjutor.Bishop, that thl light of lthe Holy Lhoot might illu. mine his mind with its brightest rani, nud guide his footetepo alonog the rugged highway that in before him, on nafoly, no righteously, and no well that the opitn copnoy so auepilionely began might prove for tlhem his faithful flool anodfor him a sornce of choicest heaveonly blociogs and the harbingeor of overlsoting happinone heroftlor. Dr. HIigginl' oermon, of which we are olliged to give but a oummary, wa a great i ourmon worthy of a groat ooanolon. Theo tinging in aonnaotion with the coro. many wa rondered by a chbolir of thirtyfiveo' performofre--Mr. G. MoOonnoll organist, and Mr. Carey Taylor condluctor. While tihcl Cardilnal wan hitng robed the organist plnygd a very pretty pireooe alled the OChorun of Angelo (tiottlo and Olarohe). At tho com. mtnnemort of the ioona lith choir sang IHuim. moll's bountifl ICyrlo opinnlg withr almost Swhlisper nod inoreoiiog the volco.plowir until n trubloforte atlrongt was attaltied, dlying nawy gainn at its close to the hashed whliuper thait marked is opoening. Thi lolorlin and Credo were taken fl Irinm lydn' ' first Mafn, bat li tIlhe ernmoti y w5t toe lolng' to adlnit ofl their full rendlition thllua two plooee had to bn very muoh ourtailed. Thile xLtraole from cnolh howoevor wore tiling so well together in thi oronoondo uoll dimlntondo paesngoetnd thu time to well matzhed that they at ouce nul'goe?d the enforccment of ecrer ditripline and strict uttenlono of thue ingers by the conductor. During the cffertory Gounod'e Ave Moftri was sung by Melt Atcher, a vilitor who hau a very tweet ecotralto voice, nod who woa kind enough to uesiEL the eingers lhirotghuut, Theu rnctun was no rltrect Irom (ounond' Meeoe tdoh!mtnulle, the l?et chor:s only being rendered, which wa bcuon followed by thu beutilnfl tcneudiotou from the enae work, and we think with better effict than on previous occUeions, owing to the better balancing of the parts. The opening ruprwou solo was song by Mines McConnell, nod the subdaed chours from the thirty-five voiceE, with its alteronate light nod ehado of cound, its ptayorfal melody and beautiful harmony, placed this item as the most euceeedl ffe Lrt of the performers. The Agnon Dei, which closed tho singing, was, like the IKyrie, taken from flommtll, a mees never rendered before In Goolbnrn. The two parts given were co very Impresetve that we shall look forward with pleasure to its foll rendition .o some future occasion. Taken as a whole we think that theo motsl rendition was one of the mout cue. cessful ever heard in the cathedral. Wiegand's Poutliecal March wut played as tbo congregation dispor?ed, and during the evening service Mr. Donuvsn of Sydney sung oounod'l Nazareth with magnificent effect. THE LUNCHEON. At about two o'oln?k a luncheou wan servod up in the boys' sohoolroom. Thore were four tables-oneo on the platform provided with everylbing for the comfort of thoeo who eat down, by the aister of the Convent of Mercy. Ruuuiug at right a6gles to this were three other lables equally well provided. One was Nlra. de Laurat's, another Mrs. McKillop's, and tbo third hrso. Gillespio's. His Lordobip Dr. Lunigan preeided, having on hie right hio Emmeneoo Cardinal Moron, Archbiabhop Carr, Dr. Gallagher, Dr. Corbett, and Dr. Higgins, and on his loft Archbishop O'Reilly, Drs. Murray, Moore, Byrne, Dunne, and Doyle. At this table tbore were Very Rot. Prior Voaghan, Meoorr. 0. Cole. man, Mayor of Woiggo Wagga, J. Gormly M.L.A. (Wogga Wogga), W. I3. Loughran (Wagga W\agga), P. Moran (Waggo Wagga), Hoa. T. Dalton M.L.O., (Sydneoy), W. Dwyer (Sydney), M. Coen (Yaos), H. O'Brieo, Mayor of Goulburn, W. R. Rhloy and r, F. Meyer of Goulburn. The other tables were cooupied by the olurgy and laymen, amongst tho latter of whom were tho following :-Mesarl. J. 3. Sprnaon, registrar of oupyrights, P. T, Riley, J. Blakeury and J. T. Donovan (Freeman's Journal), - MoEvilley, J. Dwyer, and P. Waitu (8ydoa)), J. E. Malouuy, W. M. J. Welsh, W. J. Monks, I. Rudd, T. J. Foley, M. A. Ferry, and P. Helfirnan (Wagga Wegga), P. J. Donnelly (Gaodarou), J. Bourke Murrumburrab), - Mooneooy (Cootamundra), luspector Brennan, F. P. Bronoau, and I'. Iastigan (Yaos), T. Helherton (Narandern), T. Morrin (Jit?ea), Dr. Modillop, O. tilloopie, 0\. Rogors, W. o. Taylor, and others from lonalbuern The Chairman in proposing the first toaet, that of Ilia Holiness Pope Loo, said: The oenasion which makes this day eo remarkable in Goulborn direota nor attention to the moet singular posi tion in the world. Our divine Lord built his ehuroh on a rook. Ht has made that rook permanent by his divine power. Peter and his successore are that rook. The proeoset succosor, Leo XIII, shows to the world the eharch of Ohrist. In every ooountry in the world ate found catholio congregations whose faith is one becanuse it so one with the Iead. 'hu oaored seripturos in the hands of all Catholics, is God's word, tenahing all the same faith, beonaeo rightly noderatood it must be in harmony with the defined deotrines of faith. The Pope writes to the rulera of natiuuo and they coonider his words, for hio position entitles hint to write. He intats heo people of the world. The Catholion receive them no the words of a divinely authorised teaoher, and all muot respect them beoauso they are juat and rational, and for the pit:o and good of oocial order. I than auk you to wish health and uanoses to the glorious pontiff Leo XVII. Lordship raid: Roligiouus duty brioge no into rolntion with God, socinl duty into relation with temporal rulors. Ohriotiao prinolplet neceenarily utlor into tho relatiouon of man with man, and Bo nar oloso!y oonnected with sooial order, and aro its beet soeurity. At tho head of our sociol order etoudi Quoon Viotoria, sod undor our free inalitutions we have no roeaon to complain. I ioe have any, it dooes ot como from our Quon ; it oomae from those who administer our frooee ionstitutions or from our nolves. Daring her long reign her lif appoears to bo worthy of a Quoon. I then ask you to wish hlolth and uoppiness to our glorloue Qunoo Viotoria. TOe nuil tosat,his Eminunoo the OardinLl, was also proposed by Dr. Laoigan, who said : We are ail glad to-day, having imongut as oneu holding a plaOn in the highest rank in thp hieoraroly, and heo is worthy of it. 'I'hose who made theo ocallod Itotormation in Englsnd m thle sixtoonth century havs tlhd hiltoriauu who hnvo not given us true history. Of all men living there is not one who has done so muoh to throw off the ohadow and give us the foots from every ruliabli ounuoe. HIe in doing the onmo at the preseat lime, and I ask you to wish him houlth and length of years to contend for jautioo end for truth. ala Imiinnuun, wrIo, nf ho roBB to reply, \wa oanthuelaotioally apploudod, roturnud tbhukle, .unyio that to gloo thrum his nanur. anoo that it wao to him, no he wma ounfidout it waN to hin brothur prolaoes, n ploeasure nod a privilhgo to be aenauoinotld with themol in that grand day'o ooromoniIl. (Appluauo.) They all rjojiooud in tlo joy of the venerablu prolatu rwhol prosidod on tohat oooaion -ono wlihom thly reoatded as a tolo0ran of thb hiorarohy, who wms not only to tliosu of hie own diooouo bnt to nll throughout Anotralia a model and a guido. If tleuy wore nokhd to point td tho worhn whio ho hohad Iooomplihludl thlky h)il only to look around in ordo' to soo tho ovi donoo, ol his roligioun aotivity in the I frm o tlourishing inetitutione, educationail nd ro liginua, Hint otuddld thio fair dloUoIo (np-' plauwea), nod at tlio samo imno thuy would kind nuiun nod oonuord porvading throughlout rovoryolneo in tllh diouono. (Appinieuo.) He would dny tlihawliilst rojoloing with thtlio prulatu he uould etill lurthor rejoioo with tlin olurgy. A bishop no doubt uonld nobhiov giront thinlog; bult withlunt a durotluld olergy hin Inlbor would bo lor tih moot part in vain. Under Ith gildanou of Dr. L' nigan' ,th olorgy under him worn indond, a model to all otboro. Aneoolatod too in thoen rojoloinig8woro tho faithful who hnd no gruud and eanlone n prolnto aniigood tliom'too anelnt tihuir Bishop In orryling bin work to grnteor prlfotllon. (tond aoppla'rib;)': Hk lonrud he would troosp?i o0 thLlir pntiuooo if ho auid all hoe felt; but he a nskd to be allowed to propose one te0mt, and he ounnldored t bo had a nolim to thin privilogu, lnaemulolih"i hi hrld had a voion in impoing theo burdon luid htlnt morning on t(Io lhouldorn ol Dr. Gaallighor. (Lghtellor ond tpplonuo.) Thi whole of Dr. Uallghbor' 'milelonury oonron through overy grade of his oaored omleoni wo before thoem. They had rejolicd in hin work and ohad tho fruile of hi laobor, his montl, nrod his abilitv. (Anrilnnoe.l Likn R,. Columbklll, oalled the Dove of the Ohurch, who diffanod around him the alihrit of love, who, no a great mIBniouiary, took his plaoo amongst the people of the Highlsnds of Hoot. laud, whore, owing to hil labors, he had be me o 00 Idoenitlid with ohutoll woHik a to be oven at the proeent day--oter, wore thanu a thouennd yearn-tho grant patron, of the Highlandse like 8t. OlOdnhmbkill tooe witoso love for hib nntiva land hunor allowed'itsdlt tb dia ot, uno matter thongh his mnlosonary laborn oallid him to other flolde, Dr. (Gallghor wne, to ile rhind, a p'ortfol hodol of the groat Irish alint, (Loud appjlduo.) tIn (the Cardinal) waoo natinlud that Dr. Gallagher wonld ao well soetnin their pro?oalnt preoito that to hilm would bt given another twonty.eight yearo' rule of thin diocesn, and when that soonld turm hlid boon fnifilled than Dr. Laulgau would have hiu parminalon to go to holtven. (Laulghtor and npplnuse.) lie did net know of any lind whiob had a tronugur olaim on the love of thane who rnOdo It their home 'than this fir lanud of Auntralla (applanso), and in a now ouuutr' nloli no this thely rtquired all that was happy, nlideriog, and bright to plant here, and Ihe trtated that oeverything of a violoua charaotor, avorything onloulatod to orelan disiord or disatnlon would hbeleft in oldoe ladils. (Applaueo,) Ie woa not ualtnmindl of the foot thllt many of thono whom hti wan addrosaing hadi oome hfro the land of the woat whloh wad still doea co them all, and he did not think they woald ba worbthy ehildrn of Si. Colembkill ulh eo they combined with love of their adopted country rttl?ccb out to the land of their birth. (Ap. p1cne.) The alld land hd indeed undorogoue many triale, but the spirill of justice, of air. tue, and of fibtrty bhd on0er been den troyed, and these spirits hIod beeno :aftc d by angels to Auetralia to rplord their blertinga aruoud on every ride, (Applaoce.) fle wiohled Dr. G.llrgher r.d theit w;orthy Prelate ald mt:lo lbs tnnOo. PE wFiE stre tile bishopP, cleigy, and fnithful would have no ca?ne to regret the choick of thot day which had givon them to grand, to devoted, nod ro zenloue a p?stor to guide their footsteps on the path that leade to Partadise. (Loud opplv.ooe.) Dr. Gallaghbr wLas cco?rded e pcrfeot ovation as he rone. Riep]ying to the toutt he c?id: In what termts ould he enfliciently thank them for the eloqucot, but tno fltttering words in which the eontiment of his health had been proposed by the Cardinal, rod for the rthhooeiosm with which it fhad been re. ceived. Great indccd ome the honor done to the venerablo bibhop, end to the gealts and people of the dioceae of lGoulbnrn, through the cerrmony of that day, in which be head played so inconeidotablu a part. (Laughter and npplroue). It O?a an honor and a privloege, of which tho memory would leot whilst the younogret of thetm lived and of which for their taken, he (Dr. Gallagher) felt exceedingly proud. The cnouocrator was a prince of the church who a born ruler of men towered head and lofty oBonlders, not only by hin exalted dignity, but by his life of nn. ounting labor and noble gifts of heod and heart, oboro all the leaders of the colony. His assistants were two prelaten, whose friendship for him, long, and tried, and true, should not prevent him from osying that which he thought, that their names would live in their duties nod workls when most others were for. gotteno, like thot of Hilary of Poitiers, of Virglliua of salzhbrg, of Bonifaoo of lifyyco ano the founders of two of the most Illustrionus ees of our fair southern land. Then coming from afar wans the Archbihbop of .Melbourne, friend and patron of his youth, idol of his own peoplo, loved and etenomed by all who could admire great taleunt wedded to great virtues, whoao learning, whooe hO quent defense of our holy faith, and whose great peoronal influence derived from works and worth recalled, even in the medoority of our time, the first glorice of the early church. From Adelaide oame a prolcto already the fonnder of a new ooee, on whoreo houl. dere younger ithan his (Dr. Gallaghet'a) had been placed with the pallium not only tie burden of t diooeto that would reqnire the shouldetr of an Atlas to bear, but the sureotlaneoo of an eucloeisetloal province whose bouondaries wore co.oerminoou with the half of Austtrlla. With them nlso were the sunfragan bishops of three provinces, each the tcontroof a hive of busy workors, building up the City of God opiritually and materially, whose worke already the poutonsien of the historiao were aynonymous with the annals of their progrooiveo tees. To them and to those diostngulbhed clergy and laymen on boe half of t.heir venourable bishop and of hie priests end people, he as their spokesman, at least for the present ooonaion, returned sinher eat thanks and nuosred them that they had by their presence placed them under obligations which should never be forgotten, though they could never be repaid. Perhapn ho should stop nod allow those who uould really instruct and delight the gathering an opportunity of poeaking. However ho could hardly refuse himself tile pleasure, though it might be a pain to them, of giving expression to at Inast one of the many thoughto with which his heart was fall on an ocsaaion like the present. There was no danger for the holy faith in this new land, if only they oil, Bishops, Prieots, and people, strive eaoh in his own ephere and nacording to the measure of hio gifts to improve the talents entrusted to his aonre. The Ontholio faith was a plant whioh, if he were ailovied the oepression, seemed to nuit the climate and take kindly to the soil of Australia. tBaoritnes Indood the ohurab was called upon to make, but they did not teem, to overtao her strength. Trials hoe had in plenty, but she appeared to thrive under them the more, oum ortilr a cloud of calomny and outrage asosod over hbr, but it ourved only to bring out lher truth and beauty in more effeotivo oulor--in light more brillisant tLaubfoore. Bigotry had not altogether dis. appeared, but the wavelets of hostility and prejodiee grow foalter and feebler in their o. eoding curves an the years rolled on. BSlate mon admitted hbr oonourving influence, and good men admired her real. The laws, with perhaps a faew woll.known onooptione, while eeonring the rights of all, liffbor free to pur-. noue her speoinl task of proolaiming the trhths of God and saving the souls of mooun. Gradual extinction of dogmatio faith must indeed be the neooceary result of shutting out religion from the education of the yottng; but the charabch would make in the future a more determined effort than she had done even in the past to savo her own children in her own eohoola and ronvents. Soule who lived not on broad alone, who yearnod afsor higher than earthly thitig?~ and conquests nobler than those of maltfr, would nookl in over Increasnlg numbors, a refuge in tlho bosom of the grand ohl Mother Chr whi whiot alone unoohanged and nutehatigoublo omidtall the rovolutious of soeiety and all the varia tiioe of human thought, uphold thoe atuo of God, revealed to man hie, true doostiny, and satisfled oil the aspiratinue of his soul. Trttiig for tier titrngit to 01 ait tiuou pro. mioe alonb), pyilng to Oibear thdt wliiob ie hi duUi',uklng'nothing ironl hli but to be left alone, glorying in the willing onbjootion antd loving loyalty of lier children, sheli ox tendord'' hor influence, cho aoinnolidatod her power, her inatittilono iiso up 'pocou. Lil;e the valintl woman of the enored narralive she had, oeon in this our own fair aountry, looked well to the paths of her hpuse and had ,not neal'ltor broand in idlenhoi.' Therefor e hier hlildron rose up nd called baher bloosed. In a word, blending the calm wisdom'ou matured expdrieneI a d the subdedCd nlattuainim of aonaoioun strength with the oan and dash and mignifloant spirit of self.saorfloo which wmro the glorious privilcgob of youthl, 'bo ient fortli grae lii 'lili hbr otops, hatcen in lhir eyo, iu overy getnrro' digity .nid' love, an lhe ind oune into so umany region beolor, to aobhiuv bor ltest, coutquotti to ltnd onptive to the ubbdienuu u( her faith hnd th ptinotlol of bor tiV tIhe liOart and the intelloot of thin young and promisinig and happy land. Thio broughb him to thu point to 'bhlob hb had boon ooming. Undlor it now oumewhBat slightly linorod olroumetlaotte the diooeao of (toul burn would. not fail to take, ho.hiopd, itl nouetlb'miied pla'oo in thl' bihwrd 'mnioli'of progroess. When . ontilnuator - noheor tlolland(lt --,took "upl th thlrdod !'of thc olintrqh' hislory feurfe binl Eminonoo had left off, nod rooorded the progress of another oeotury, it wn,. bi 'hopu and prayer that the neat nlthptoer lldotod"'id l'Oolburn in 'thut contliund hiitory' would nut beo out ofl hr. miuny with tho olaptor wltioh wge olready tllera, tihat the oontinnlty of guud work should not be brokon, that qualis ab incepto would be! the nitto still, Unleao hio uondjuoor be very unwarthy, hi oonviotlon wna that in the future as In the pasot the peoplo tould rally 'ronnd their priestn, and the prienta bound lit oldeost uiodn with their biobop-bo monut tlhblr;grand old bishop, Dr. Inlgtno-and blihbpe, prloets, and peop e would Tvi in holy enidlntion with' thoa o bihope, priests, and pebplo:oft'the other tenas fho onprrod them on but triuaod not their junionly uy their groalt Rood works, no alol would continue to build up on foundntiona broad and deep antd Rtroog -bnoh his own allotted portion of thebo grnd Ariatralanion nhutch, hnnlid e" thiy 'enro anld over' 'nhoitld' be ot' 'mroly by thb dutlliful bonds of obedieneo, oub. jouoto; dnd 'faith, but by the warmnst Iffootion of thoeir ihatrtn in dill aubordinatlon of: dignity and power through bin Eminnoto to the glorioun Pontiff whoao wildom guided nd tilwhion nellehd hand otourdd tuo. ooona. folly thei barquo of Poter amid lth storms aid tompontl o tlhe prinnlt lime. (roud npplauno.l Dr. l~fnu, in propoaliog LOon oilth of thi Ahahblbihopu nad Blulhopa, nnlid thlt Dr. lullog. lihr wal thle orat prilot li linad hauil tho plensanro o ordainlng for tab dilhoono of GDil. (irn. le onganRod him f(r the minlon ,'lten lot fllow (Inauglita) tl hUynoOth, nad tlin splrit of ourafgoounnona than manfllosntl by DI,. QallagUor in offolrial hmlsBol faor that Hlld ofl labor wonld ho (Dr. Lnigau) lflt antlofled, romala witllh th now. blhllop to thn laim. lli lordahlip nalo ro(irruud Lu tho fnot thalt thlat diny' toneoorntlion enromony anB tlhe tlhirdl if itao klhd whlioh hail hoon huld in helir oathldral, and he boliovod no othor 'ohorol wats m hlionored ona thie athiodral Churoh of hlyduiiy. (Aplplinna.) IlinIl hvituatlon ton'otlly otaor/tho tonaL of tIm Ahrhblohapn and Ua lilupo ?mn war?nly r hhpob ti Ot'd . n1 l ib ;,i xll i 'i ," Arbhlrblhop Ou»r B»it ha watotll bo vory biLI in hij reply Lr he would be called upon to op,:oh bgaiu tlter. He wiEjed howeter to any that eery time beh Ld come to Goulbnro found hie, erit moutt agreeable, rud tbh cermouny of that day was one which csu?ed him to dr juice exceedingly. (Apploure.) Lrehbiihop O'lReilly replied for the rest of the bielhepr, He eptecc fairly bristled with hbuorouE detoile which :hept theo udienc in a continuous roar of laughter. .Referring to Dr. Gnllaghir he said tlht by his elevation to the opiecopacy the illustrious college of hIoyuooth hl d bhid t? other illuatrioua neme addeod to its aoready illtutriour liet. Dr. Luniran in proplring the PricetB both Secular and lii gultr, Baid he lt Id the Goul burn prirteu above all othere (applaoue ,nd tlughter), and would riek Father Finnegan cs the oldtet priest to reply. Father Fiunrgan returned thanks for that hbi Eminence and the BilshpP htad coueulted the nwlhe\ of the people in giving rileet to the choicoe of bot the clergy and the laity by their approval of Dr. GallEgher for the petition of Coadjutor. He wran rejoiced to roe Dr. Lani gtn presiding with to mtuch vigor nod energy. (Applusse.) Very Rov. P. ionnetel, who asn called upnon, said ho wan present broeano ho con. oidered it was an honor to have a new prelate created ruch as the Rlight Rlev. Dr. Gallagher. Hoe wan a leader in cvery walk of lifo. iHe was a lender as a ebolar and asno a priet, and he was confident he would he a loador an a prelate. (Loud applanno.) Archbishop arr eand they rhould not suparato without recogoiniog him on whote nccount they were al anembled, thie vener able prelate of tbo dioneo. (Load opplaune.) Thoer, awere three ditiingoiahing features in Dr. Lanigan's charoctor. First, his devotion to duty which hld iprompted him to build up the groat spiritual worles with which they were eorroonded ; reoond, his devotion to re ligious oducation, which oaoned him to recog nio that noless the eoed of religion owan planted in the minds of the young the efforts put forth in other ways would be noeless; nod thirdly, hie devotion to the old Catholio land. (Applause.) His life had boon that of a prelato who had no other thonght than obedienco to duty. He prayed that God would give him in return an honoured and holy death. The tonet was honored with tho heartiest appreciation and Dr. Lanigan having ex pressed hbi thanks gave The Laity, to which the Mayor of Goolbura, Mr. O'Brien, the Mayor of Wagga Wnpgs, Mr. Coleman, Mr. J. Oormly M.L.A., and HIon. T. Dalton M.L.O. replied, aolo Mr. F. P. Brennan non behalf of tihe e-studont~ of St. Patricki' College, than whom nobody wan more proud of the honor done Dr. Gallagher. (Applause). The flit was brought to a alone by Dr. Lanigan proposing The Prose, and by Mhr. W. R. Riley responding to the tonot. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. In the evening the cathedral wan almost filled to overflowlug again. Oonupying plr.con in the front benches were theb membern of the H.A.O.B Soioety and A.H.O. Guild. Thu devotions oonsisted of the Rosary, recited by Rev. Father O'Sullivno, and Pontiflaol Bone diotion, the oelebrant being Dr. Gallogbher, with RBov. Fathers Iinnegan and Slattery no bin noseltante. The sermon was preonachbod by Dr. Byron of Bathurst. The (entival celebrated by the obnuroh on bthat day-the first Sunday in July \- was, hea nid, what wo0 known ao the Fuant of the Precioue Blood. He had boon naked to nay a low words, and ho did not know of any aub. jdot on whioh he could with more advantage dwell than on that great mystery of faith. That day was one of universal rrjii', throughout the diocese of Goulbuntn, ay, througnhout the entire hbrch of Aunotralia, by reotuen of the ouoeeeration of the one whom the people, the prieots, anod the prelteon of the ohuroh deemed moot worthy to nseint the pronent venerable Bishop of Goulbnrn in the twork in which he was engaged. Hisu Lordship preached an eloquent sermon, directing himn self to one point chiefly, namely, the etfioacy for thn e salvation of tih world that attlached to the mystery of the redomptlon. As of old, the destroying angel passed by those honses the door-poets of which were marked with the blood of tIe unspotted lomb, so only by applying the precious blood to their soul1 could ealvation be attained by those eoming aoter Ohrist. 'Afterwards eoveral addroesoe and preeo oitatione wero made to Dr. Gallaghor. The flrat was from the people of Wagga Wagga, and was a most elabo. ratoly got up addreas executed by Jolhn oands of Sydney in grond style. The addreas, which is given below, was road by Mr. Coleman, mayor of Wogga Wapgr, who opologined for the abseneo of Dr. O'Connor, saying that that gentleman wan prevented from being in attoendanco in eonsequonco of non noident ho had mot with. A oheque for one hundred guinesn was also handed to his Lordohip at the same time, being the onm nubscribed by the Woggo neoplo. To 11to Lonaoin: noo ff100l0 t noEou:o:Hn JunoN SOt oLkUonI. .D.., Soum voon- ltforaoo no u ooPoounu* hMay It plono yoer Lordohip,- On thiB, thu ooaonoou of your oonscurtfon to and tult iosrttturo olth nil tho poweri and fnnottloos ttaohloti to the bith and olfy offico of Condtuior-Blehop of Goult born, thu p orlohlonero of St. tlichnotlt, Waoiga WVth'?., aihonytl havuyou bone tntltbfuiy laborod for the po?t tight yoen, rovorontly nppronib you to hanrtily oon grontottt yon npon tho nuepittloa nouni, and to cnroortly and tineoroty will y ou p tho divine grano nucessnry to nsutnin yon i., thu diluoharou of thu noounooon nod nnaurd dtotno now deolving tupon you, AlfIr 1 tnidtniotubhod ooartin your ntloooof ulotto, hItynooth, tnopltod by thb olnionuplrlt nhuioh moved thue onintiy mulnsfounio of old, you left your loved hoono to djvo?o yooro?fl tu ttibnorduouo dotlcn of a mulfolonry point in' tbu Oait tnud of your ndoption. Withof wihbt totnlltatla ohat you Ouane donolud yourself to thit enbllmi rooation it known antd oppoutuniud throhouiot tho land. u a ripo soholar ond ~oopuont pflpit ornior you ]lou oon a uioll- fforllod rupnoatloo. You havo i oefifnl un by]'onr fnlirlol reio nod prlcsillypOo, no. flthtenoud and Onolrocu.d ns by your profomldi eridtfno, nod uon fll our bonrtu byyour miid oidgcuttu ot dis poltfton, On your twonty-fito yarno of deouead no tucon?onut lanouro In tho onsuo of rolltlon ond odiiolton you ha0mo aohlorod mnilnotfoot rnuilta and bnovo now roiood a sotncidid runnrd. Thaint you hbtivn qolftieod j'oursolf too tht 1 0 g frtdtltlootio i by n ltborlous probtni 0 Ii tile ofoofe o! Pritullood, Iho noonumuntn tou havo raocd to lbonor and ulory of out Iii tild Dlcoinfnfaply foetify. in l'nfofooor and trosilcontot o ur ioeoooino Oollogo too over thleftcon yarn on bhvo onfood O ,r thot luntiftitoli fhlgitoroponlton nnd pltcd It d I'on on love at lonrt oflih the toroluooi t odountlolni ooulbtlhuontbouIo of tim eolonfo. Tile Ienuitiful Oottoino plet 1O la0Unt t;rltu ill our own town ill ito oImImpfete4torom aittot* a onoo your eoil nod obtlity nod neuahn oh.joomtly'for tile doeei nod Inofoii Int reit you fool tIo risnin nond omulobhlog thu foon of orly Uethaolf Woomoahood, fly ftl ir teufrunftioo of tiin Patllofin frothiornydou hor noouiro ia solfdnidno vlunble Oouudploio for tim Oatith niid iooorasl of our boyr utifi liohitmg iltinn thbir rinofo llto ptrlclioe aovanmitngu of a eoouloeduonalon. Toy, n wosootroutud thi took of ro doolig tule dnbt oit our m~ihrfll ind tilt nucrnop which finn atfoodof ymor efortus tm hls roopoot nots lu nstamf opoii your LOuolty for organization and upon your ohnoranr forindonmltabl' porsanroraoo. Whllo titing lo aongst uio yuIuou o? ntulfle to rocopotnr tile dititot of oltitroolip nt| nfinyu did your port oborilulfy puld Wnofl Yanr publio nttifurtion--mronltbtim af lio spirit of tolraooie not goodwill--aro rommbuorcd aund protrvod 'ty thi uommuniniity mnong wlluni you ltvod, atnmlrto and rospootdn for n,00r0l yeolt. No otoatnn 'proof of this ojiold bo mtlnctttod thoao'thu ron.dlnoe witho nhloho your oion-.Ooholuo frlouds habu natsltot is In ptoaylng you tillf mnrok of roupuot. Witth keou pmangs of regrot your Iast"paroih ttulnl lonue of thblr reverrd pnstor, Wo ahnro to tile tfll tIle hoporado ipridoeyoel mn y jinllotlp toot 00 el too tih tithlor dlltinotion ya hovo won u OfforIlnoofy no In ttio irgcor and onhbnoeiod opportuoitlfo It ginos you of oointlnolnl In thu uineyrd of your doartur rtione peliondld otlucw ufiobw ti n Snolp ton hoa niow su olunnfv irtoouolnod. 1roohmlhng thr Almighty to lonu npnrr yon to adorn hy'yoor loty, yo0r toal, oand'your lolrmng thu high doNo n n woloh tho Holy m atheorhcao ronlred you, and doatritg to o rrmomberod it your 'praoru. We aru, your Lordohlp'e Lratolnl prl hluourom, For tho parlnhlonoru of t0 Miloanol'o, Wotafi Wagga, Oommittuot: ttorgo Colomnan (ohtlrman), -Joln too, An, O'Conor, J.mnon Elonoly, F. M)ouonough, 1. J, Mahot, John oettarry, P. . ooy pp, W. D. Ionoollry, I. Moran, T. J.Foley, Charlor mlttt ThomTon ttllorou, Wnlttm Weigh, John Nrnoi, ,i. intotnty, lorntl Tdnoay W. 11. Logpl rn, A. P. ?ryea oht, 0 o mtoIhllnd I. torohott, Jainoaltyna; W. i1. .1, nolah, hot. r bary; W ,. lMoaL, lton. trnaouror. ;Mr. Coluoatu mods tbh follotiog ailditiontl proontttltonr !to' hie Lordllip :-- From thi ohordera of Prtnootoation outuot, act of vunt. mronte; from Nit, Euglnot'otHohoo (Preoonto. tion Convent) illnmlantud oddrtoe; frro dny nppot itt Mcarym'o r ohtol, a nitsoal nod atndll :from inftano nohool, to, bro. vihary; from Ht. Jnrotph'o to oolt; an Irluh bog.oakl ornolnl; from tit. Miolonul'e lotool (Patriloan lrothtur), iliumtoolotod nddroao; froml Noo of thtt Itriorftrtion Convuot; the mitm- In whloh Dr. OalltRtglor wo oonrotnlod. Minh Eykoro noxrt cam forward iand rood tho ftllowllng addroauu to itta Lordnltp from Ilt momboro of thte toannd iltart Booluty, clanbnrn. aonomponylng tthit addrote 0au n pnrao of twontytlvo oovoroign?. To tne n?IOl= Itlvnutan I ll, (IAr.,anontn, on. or'rtton-att-ooaV or totnu0L n. Wo btg your toldahlp'o IaOentptlo otf oeo giftl, o rompatled by a moot otrtlal ttplnooo from the mttmbora of rto. tlnredrl iurl flnorloty at oulttern, TWa daolro Mo to o opr..u th. dlop trotlltotloon Wo tori at yourtr onorlt to It aa tOoaoljtaor to our nolotynd' llttaoplt tIo holte dovotol ar t'und untiring l alr rul And onrr ur r?o a ludhiobt toor th? manyl bl?ulolltugI nto ?oloy. Praytng that God ullt gtvO yoC lhath end length of tape to lotor In IIt0 dioto toticc, We rc Totr Devoote Children, The lLrmbert ofotoht tSorltd oLrt Sot't1y. A. Got K.rLL, oCo., J, Dotc.t:, Trets, To Dr. IMcKiillop tra notigoetd tle tosk of rending the addroeo tendered to hie LordEhip by the Catbolict of the diocese tnd which ?o? in thcso terms: To non T 1 :)tle r.ev. Jourlr (LLhGUOLC D·.),, CoAI,Jlron-otcOet Jt, OOt.00 00l0. Ott. o:h o it ple tOse :our Loretlp,--t -'oih rirllore froling8 of reipet antdloae the Catholiso of (hrI Goulbu lionco dtio tr to cetreoo thotr oou rcerlali : s et your day.clion to the lii:r, .rchy of AnH T!hey dritre aoto ts chow their gratitndo to (ho IIototy t'e fot your :otiotion and to the lehryi of the diooteo het loonitlrtod you as worothy to fill the t tt ,hot opi . otierO. toor nooany t)cars yo, tidoto by ultf-dtntlr.g cdlolegurt, halo o ,tccotsfully guidcd thrtooUh oeerot tra s tho tighcr todottiton at t. Ptrolrtitt Colho'ro with tost pro?hoooorthy rte? lts; and )on htao tniittoreld 0ith pri?tlty dcotaicu to thr wants of th lopio in variolu l parts of theo dioc.e duoring o our long tmis obtory tl~oioottytooettoo Unhrenmlly you are i .gsrdrtd un an intolloctnal chia plou Itricst of the o rclut. Though oert inch no Iritoh mun, cou ?re pironndly orimetdt an? itietu oo Australiao by riglht oif retidco of atre a quarter o a t ,cnttury. At a mo to our leroning no highooouled ititldoto C honou r o t oo thlnd of yollr tdoption. It cannot thcreforo o tourpriting that eoeryono holtt oith joy thl dl gulty confcrrod ntpo you. T'hoty pray thattoimtghty God oof givo yon tramo to to t? wortty Croadjutor to our rtevrod and cnorrablo litihop, lot,Oa long totrm 00 t;piriOtl rlotor of thitl doioeoot hxt bO.o oa emnutent and good, ano. thot lour unoited eforts oorl. praw na AccoC etul ao his togy ootn io entlltling tho church to fultl its lofty dotiny Itn theon colonies. Frthotro , thte rotncot that yon roottembor thort in t ooe lolty ttooiiico ot tto dOfr, etoo tlht you accept tho humblo offering they to ow ireent. Sigoed on bhalt! ot the Oatholict of th Dioetoec, COArLtoot GrILt.Itt'E, OhChlooron. IRtOlltT ttCI[ItLLOP', TrtsurOt'. 0Jo0 WALS't, ocrctOtry. The presentatio in connection witua tlao above was in the form of a cheque for d100. The Goolburn branch of the A.HC. Guild embodied their cougratulations in the sub. joined addrcEs, road by Mr. D. Hanigan, secretary. The addrens, which was in illu minated form, was oncloosd in a handsome frame. To TIoI DlorT REc. JouN OrL O Eo D.P., Co iUTOe-oteoP.tn Or GOUI.UJIUfL. On behalf of the Oolburn Breash of the A.I.C. G ild, w be g to offer your Lordship our mout respectful and Mo;t oiuiera oongratutfliouo. The plosiion of Coadjutor-inehop, ohdch yoi are callerd oupon to fill, is one which brings with it the higheft rerpoosibilieis; but, if tlf be the esoe with the oure, wo venture to ony that your Lordhifp, ans It occupant, will bo fonnd lolal In avery rtopoct to the doaond modo uton you. It does not consa wthiln our prot neo to deoll upon the ftncsu of your Lordship for tho lofty hargo lentrosted to your creo Thero moro ompttnt to Judgso have pronounceu I,, S our lovrr, and this decision of Ith supoemo ecoleslostlol authorlty r.ould, If nothing olsoe re In seideno, srol.ly no of the olidom of the I hoira. This howeaor ws s mght be prmiltted to 0ay that frofn our knowledgo of yor ae a priest o 00nay anumo thoat your coreer as IProlato will be memoroblo In the history of the ClnrOhlin ARtiralia. It would be tmgrateful on our part not to maoe reference to the groat things done by his Loldohip tho Right Iaev. Dr. Lsnlgan, vho hCas borne th heaoot and burlden of tho day n the labor attaholed to founding a now dioeose. To your Lordship wll fIll theo tea of oontlnoln tbhe work o u col ommenced by Dr. Lanlgau, and thalt our -lsorts will be fruitful of most happy reultls tou ero forly Ito ling satisfied ihlat our spiritual Interests swill over oengage a taeo in your ILordrhio'o thotlghts woe, in turn, romulso not to be unmindful of our obligations tas membrs o.f th AUDO. Ouild. Signed onbohasff of thfo Mombors, DASIEL O. HAIu I0I, wotretalry, tlLLIau J. CIOsEeearcs , IBursar. (ouolt0 J. TeuLOe, Trtoetu. Joou.oIAs O'NTILL, TruOste. O'GERALD Buoos, Counilltor. Mr. J. ICnopp, president 01 the local branch of tit H.A.OlB. ooeley, wt0 spokesman for that body; roteding the address on theirboe. half, which woa got up in o very attractive utyle in book form: To 1r0 RIOfHT fl ., Do. OGLeronon. Rfight Cao. and Doar Sir,- o, tho moembers of lthe Oeroed IHeart Branch lls, 10?) of tho Hilberuian Australasian Cathlio Boeofi Society, desiro, on this the occasion of your oousoers tlon,to orproRes our heaortfelt lty and gratification a your elevatiou to tho Ep lsoopaoy. We feel that we are Jutltifed In soaylg that during the hlstsCry of tOlhe lltrch il Australia no appointment bas beou mado thor has givun to Cstholic Ileartu morl e general satiofaletlon and poeosure. Norls there amongst oall the devoted and roholsrly moislonorire of the chrurch one mooro eumtlnenly fitted to weor the mitre and bo?r tho ororior. It I therefloro on upooinl plonneaslro to an that you have, Do V'oltulr, boon chooeu an oodjutor nod c ,oeor to our prooont venrablo nd wenoll-belooved prelateo, ?od we fool, wien by God's will bin mantlo shall have ftlloe upou you, that tlIs glorious work of the church ao nobly and Intholly conduocted In thin dluesoo by our dour BlhLop, Dr. Laniogao, will Ft onuthnloud onuslmllan lines, nod that you will keep ns bound logether by tlot Dllvino bond of brothorhboo nod Chrslinu faith which hbo noon. no well suotalnnodn thLto pst. Your long nod dovotod torvlco In thU dloceso, not only ue noltAionoary priest but oas Proesldont of 8t. Pntrlok'o Collegoe , hI enable os to lojudge of your Ohrintlan charactelor, your proflound learning, yourbrlllliant endow monts, and your sonl-stirring ohlooenoo. WYe trout theoueore that as our Illshop, and unour God'o guldanoe, youo many boe olnred for many, mauny years to give ddi tlonol nr toro t thoopioopnlo, atod to promote and lootor the Faith hblh Iu lo door to our o?trto. We cannot lot Ithl occasion pass without tlnoklug you iOnl our huearts oolr thelo lucoro nnd warm lnteroot you have at oll timeso toakn In thu Iilbornlnu tooolioet of the colony. Your long term of olgcs on ohaplan of thle Vnggn Braonh wa tlhe muns of bringling you closely In touch with our workiogs, and you ho anlwnays ben reandy to unulontuo not only wlth a friendly hnod but nlith sound nild kinldly advicelo, nd wo venture to hope otr your naislanco nod prayers u theo futur.e, WVo fLool thlat to wondorlnl ounoaos nd prospeoty whrlich hano atltendoed all church-work In ithe diocoe tinder our Iloveruod Bishop, Dr. Lanigan, will, by your Inlolloetualnl ktowlodgr, youroloqunooo, oand your nover Itoing zeal and norgy, be furthoer stlimulated, nod that you will, In your exalted potnltlon as Coadjutor, relieveo Dr. Lanlgan o muoolh of the burden he hoas so nobly aud brh uly horuy for so aunny yeors. Wo pray that the bloonlngs and gobudanc of Almuighty God nmy attend you in your inbort, nod again heartoly andol eltoroly oongratulate you on your elevation to the epIncopato. Beooohllng your proyor and blonningos Infr the mom bornon ooar sooctLy and lor theo Inthful geonrally, We are, lighlt lIvt, mad Deer Sir, Yours very repcctlfully, Jbcon ItnoPr, Poesldent. JuAnE0 MOALOON, Vioprosildont. U. J. LoSlttlun , ooriotary. Dr. Gallaglier said he intendoed to reply to the whole o6 tho addresouB, making epooial roeferenco to hoe seont ment contineol in each one. On thltevonuig ho would confino him. oself to thu nce from tho WnFgg people, and no to the othoer he would tniko ooOSIOn to givo hin roplihe on next Sundao y oveningiftor voopers. .lis ILordship then epokoe n follows to the dopntation from Waggao: If I ntild tht thin nddrosn from tho peoplo of Wuggo tooh me by nurprin--trBt I did not puot itl-I luuld nuolt bo tolling thlI truth. It is only in keeping with thL whole tonor of their mlld oi f actlg lo oitizona for n towne. imun wliom Ihuey unprent, au Oatholioe for a prinet whou ho laIbooreid anunigst tlhnm or no .tanny yloors. All that I haveo lrard, and ourttiuly >Ill tlhnt I kuow ty poronual oxperilcero lof tlie punplo of theia fir town nud lerdilng diatriot forcos mc to Ieliorv thart tlhnro i not bhuolntli thi Sioutlirinii Or enoU o nigrulnatiun in propurtion to niumberiorniud ronrlol'ce, morn luyal t L their lailli, morie g|iirouo to their prilets, muor roudy to hnip sitlh llhurt, and hlaiu, overy noblo and dt.onrvinig eUBun, overythirn thlt tinde to the lineillt U { o oa' hfllotw.mun 0o tI( ttho ndvnrornmuont of roliglin. Thnit nllirlou in your beautifnl addroes tonbol:: me willth a peculiar foio wmlioh ttIlle mo that, alibunlgh I neveor oaorlflond ouo jot ortitlo of Oathollo duntrino nd 'nlwiays etrongly lin iioted upon thljnatiou o oour Ontholiollo oluim , yet Iirndly feiling nud hIirminy oiin punao, OJ far aoi my minlitry wan eaunourirul, reignes betweon oovry olndo and ero·d tilnt hlno groat mark of reopcut from a Outholio pooplu to 'their pastor reeuieid ready nnaint.' anoni fro\n tlose whuo hold not til)u anm fliuth nor nimeul at thbe ame n Iltr 'a you.. Thu only tlhing to whillb I could take ctocptlon hi theu trong wording of tbho nddroee, whlah though IxpronBing I am anur yonr gonuinn anntimunti gives a piloure 0f me far too por foot, frr too high, for difforont from what my innor aonsoiouenneon toll mo I rim. One tlring I sillingly ncianlt-tllh luteirdilt greiter indond in dnairo tIhin in nouomplinlimunt, yoe] lvnay lively, nlwnyRa inoire, Whioh I tookin thi ;proiglnao, in thO llipplu iid' , lii ,lIth ri?i?l;as liit nd nd god Ilnmon of tle pOnplo 'who wnre erleulnted to lily oaro. Thornr le i an ohinlir Itory (ontalifr;id in a inrlilo vnranoeif theOOli Tostnmiiut) naid a groet uttatelnnit with ex. qtileit Ifnliiciy on a romnrkablu conneilon, liwholl hnooltoii trulk mtol an onuoilugrenateruy. Yo? willl tomembcr thlint tle P'rophot uIlllInnus,, In jinroying'y to ild fro, woe vary linspltnbly rirtfurtalnced by welit is t(irmiiid in tho Bible a Snunimito woimln. In rrlturn fuor hiur lioa. pitality hlo wvlshd to makn e lor nimrn nauniide, aind blr oillol hlilr to him lind uaklld Ilnr waint thlro w.i tlint Be ho riuld do for. her.. " lhall I peuli.four tIhio tol thle Iinl " he lio ld, r or to the mastnor ol tho hlunt?" Now, it Iils alwr ay npporred to lum to hl ta grent niewr tlirl Ilue sBnlimlinil wotIndnri returnirdl. Bile ropllind; " , dwell in tho mildst of my own psorplo," nluit I1 tie rieply I ihillrid lnhave wilihled to maken to. you. Alonnlat youl my lot we anOt. I lolt iprud tiht, thlroig(li mlU, your noble prrlrll lied then honorr niid lhn privillfa olf .lioinRi.thl firet "P I'rmanent Ituolorntro" aoidn lolly IntulittA otl l thi grntl olnrelih t Aunstrilniaa, Wie wirle hlirnppy tonelllur. In .town atnd country, irn thleo hloutirn 1lf the' wonltlhy, an hinilrreld i nid ta wrlcomne iuiilll ; iIn lIo , hnmbllr r lhomeo of Ith poor mucre hnppy ollll, f oi o fellt thatl nmontul them Wo \ioio the tlf :. 'k', I' Li l? i? 7?l ''].1 /.i'*l .l" 'ri;' troue oggarth Aroan; that we brought ir ebch encooeding visit a bleoerig to their lowly hearthe; that eo were their inetructor, their ,oneoler, and their friend. I know my eheap and my cheep knew me Youn were noev r frsld to unbosom to me your rorrose, and yotu were ever only too consciousn that I ehold be a bhater in all your joyo. From the very firet wo worked together, rhouldcr to shoulder, to remove the heavy debt that weigbed upon the district. When that oase gone we felt a mutual pride in the great wanks which not I, but your own Oatholic spirit, eat on foot anod which your geoero.ity brought to a ?nccenrfnl issue for God's glory and for the religious education of your children. Obediecoe to higher authority often called me away fer lengthened periods to other Epheros of duty, But Wagga wnct always my home. Your pat. tor ever longed to return to the" midstol his own people," hic illitcs arren, hic curns fuit, in its cimple presbytery, coenet of tpiritual life to a faithflul people enrrounded by itt efficient schools and reposing beneath the shodows of your splendid temple. Amongst you I should have been happy to work on even to the end, ever planning something noew, laying the foundation an time went on and as out meone allowed of some new insti. tntion-ever necking to introduce according to theo requirements of time and place one of those countlees instruments of beneficence or enlightenment which Holy Church keeps in reserve for the amelioration of men here on earth, for the salvation of their immortal Eoole beyond the grave. Your children, too, of whom I was so justly proud, now happily so well trained in secular and religious knowledge by the Brothers of the monastery and by the good Sisters of the several convent achools were growing up around us to be, as I fondly hoped, no lese for mo than for you, the staff of our old ago-our crown of glory and nor joy. I dwelt amidst my own people and when death ehall come happy should I be to dwell amongst them still, to repose in peaoe in your beanntiful little cemetery awaiting the dawn of the happier and brighter day in com. paony with the faithful people whomI loved for whom in life I had thought and worked and prayed. But my honest conviction wee that I was never destined to be a bishop. The high qualities that belfit that ozalted dignity did not seem to be given to me: "an eye to guide and a hand to role and n olm and kingly head and a heart from which, like a holy well, the toule of His flock were fed." Rome has spolken however, and the caute is finished. Like her divine founder oha hag chosen the weak things of this world that abo may confound the ntrong-the foolish thinge she has ohoseo that she may confound the wise. From a simple priest I am one day, though we all trust that day is remote, to be. come your hobie pastor, whose duty is to judge, to interpret, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer, to baptize, to confirm. MIy ministry must now be for the whole diooneen and not flot ono di.. triot how boriiebed soevor that distriot may he, "take heed to youreelves and to your whole flook over which the Holy Ghost has plaeood you Bishops to rule the church of God." My residenoo must per. haps of necoecity be in another place. My relations to you may be strooehnt changed ; but the homo should be far away and the change be great indeed which can ever alter, muoh lees tfaoe, the strong warm feelings of affection and of esteem whiob remain deep down in my heart for the kind.boarted, the genorose, the devoted, and falthfal people of Wagga Wagga. Dr. Gallagher was deeply tobuhed and hie addrres caused many of hie lisleners to be visibly affected. 