1TEWS AND NOTES. P. McDerniott is the nam* of aiiother i'erar vict im. lie was fomerly a workman in the . employ of the Hampton Estates Co. Two raw* patient s are expected to die as go to pr«s^. The sum of £t)0 was stol«n from a loilger at the Temperance Hotel. Ford -street, on Saturday night Ja*i. It seems that the victim went to sleep in a drunken state with the money, mostly in £5 notes, in his pocket. On awaking he found the pocket, empty. The numbers of the notes are kuown. aud all the business people have been warned by the police, so that it will lie difficult for the plunderer to get away with his booty. Seme telegraph lines are still worked on the Morse system. What is wanted here is a little remorse. The total population of Western Australia is at pceccnt. 82.072. Climie. Eastwood and Co., local agents for the P. ami O. Company, advise us that the s.s. Home, for the Eastern colonies, will reach Albany, on Friday, Sfch February, about noon. Mr. Sligu has called upon us in reference to the Ml. Malcolm suicide, and states that, as the bearer of a letter from Errol, the mate of the deceased Albert. Lockner to the police, he desires it to lie known that Errol spared no effort, either to lind Lockner, or to promptly report the matter to the police. Mr. Sligo delivered the message In; earned to the local sergeant, having met him at the Donkey Rocks, about 120 miles from Coolgardie. Mr. Sligo says that there is not the slightest doubt but that the case was one of suicide. This was the conclusion arrived at by Messrs. Robert Heriot and Paul Dickson, who assisted in^rtie burial of deceased. The rumor of murder was set about by those quixotically anxious to spare the dead man's reputation (although why a man should be blamed for taking his own life when mad with thirst, we do not know) : but they forgot the effect such a statement might have upon the living. A mail service has been established from the 90-Mile to Menzies. once weekly. Mr. T. Moriarty is the successful tenderer at £100 per annum. A tri-weekly service to the Londonderry has also been started .under the charge of D. Carmichael, at £.7$ per avmuiH. The people of Ivalgoorlie are by no means strong oil amusements. The " benefit"" to Mr. Harry Neville resulted in that gentleman losing 10s, while at the Hospitalbenefit" on the foUowing night there was a dead loss of 15s. not a soul appearing at the hall. We wish to draw the attention of our readers to a concert which is to "be held in the Theatre Royal next Thursday evening, in aid of two sick families, the first being that of Mrs. Schieff, a widow with a large family, and the second that of the Gruchel family^ consisting of father, mother, and four children, all sick, and in almost destitute circumstances. We hope all able will do their best to give such a laudable object their support. Tt is with profound regret that vrc announce the death of Mr. H. G. Powell, the weU-kuown singer and musiciau. Mr. Powell was a young, strong man. not over Sv years of age. and has succumbed to the fever plague which is now decimating our population. Mr. Powell was at one time a member of the Carl Rosa Opera Company, and was the possessor of a very beautiful voice, besides being a first-class musician. His last public action was to act as stage manager for the late Hospital benefit concert, and it was on the night of the performance that he was taken ill, being removal to the institution whose welfare he was seeking to promote. It was there he died, being the object of assiduous attention on the part of the nurtiug stair, and attended at the last by Mr. Toni Bower and other friends. The Sydney Dnily Tdeymph, commenting on the telegraphsystem says:—"The extraordinary conduct of telegraphic business in Weet Australia on important occasions has been under the consideration of the Victorian Postmaster- General, who has(we iearu from the " Age :: ) determined to dispatch a strong remonstrance to the Government of that Colony on particular matters of comment as well as some useful advice. There are contingencies arising from time to time when the whole of the table traffic between Europe aud the eastern colonies has to be carried on the single West Aus i-alian wire between AIbanv and Eucla This occurs whenever there is a breakage on the tramcontinental line from Adelaide to Port Darwin, such as took place a fortnight; ago. Instead of acting in a rational spirit, by giving reasonable facilities for the cable business at these times, the practice has been in West Australia to transmil all local business and private communications j'ijsi, with the aggravating and intolerable result that the outside world is made as mute aud dead to us as the planets for a more or lew extended period. La»t time an interruption occured. all Eastern Australia was so isolated for at least two days. Furthermore. the Telcgrpahic Department in W®st Australia is utterly behind the rimes in failing to realise that it must provide a constant service. During (he small hour* of the niornin.ir it suspends operations, an unheard of laxity in go-ahead communities; where, at such limes, freedom from fresh business is availed of to work off arrears." I" our advertising columns will be found an advertisement calling attention to the fact that Messi-s. C. Hart and Co. are now receiving a regular *uppivof fresh fruit. &c.; In th is country of tinned meals, such enterprise should meet with substantia] support from the residents. During las', week the following salutary convictions were recorded by Dr. McNeil, J.P.. at the Policc Court:—Thomas Bluiui, for vagrancy, wa* sentenced to three months hard Liber : Edward Stanley, for the same offence, to six months, and Thomas Parke, also for vagrancy, got three months; Jolin Stewart for being drunk and disorderly, was rusticated for a period of two months." A meeting of the newly formed miners* union committee was held after the meeting on Saturday, when the body was entitled " The Western Australian Gold Miners Association." For the new Municipal election the candidates now known are Messrs. F. W. Ellis (Secretary to tbe Hospital), G. W. Reynolds, Martin Walsh and Philp (Philp and Royle). The Tichbornc- Cresswell mania has got a firm grip on the public hi the eastern colonies. The Editor of the Ballarat Courier, in an answer to a correspondent, says :—" To the question. ' Was Lady Tichborue mad . ' we cannot giTe half a column of space." We should double dashed well think not. The JfyrcJi/z<w Times describes. Georg Leake as " the Hon. Geo. Leake, Solicitor-. General," Won't George be surprised Note to correspondents.—'Tothersider " : Your letter is blasphemous and abusive, and does rot contain a shred or scintilla of argument: we CJUI infuse all the invective into its columns that this paper wants. -One Who Knows" : What"* the use of shrieking to us to " remember Peter Laylor." None of us are likely to forget him ; but his help on Coolgardie would be pretty harmless unless you propose to materialize his ghost. We sympathise with your complaint, however. and have written up the whole subject fmm at least 70 points of view duriug the last three mouths. You will see, therefore, that no purpose, good or liad,. could be served by publishing your letter. Among the many distressing incidents attendant npon the prevailing epidemic in Coolgardie, one of the most distressing is t he attempted suicide of Mr. Walter E. Sf Cox, a young managed 27, a native of New Zealand, and a nephew of the late lit. Rev. Dr. Harper, formerly Rishop of Christchurch. The unfortunate young gentleman is a part owner of a large condenser at the Red Lake, and the jinn of three has been peculiarly unfortunate. One partner has already died of fever, a second was removed to the coast suffering; from the same trouble, and the third and last,' Mr. Cox.WHS brought iti about a week since, j hjtif dead from fever and sunstroke. ' Efforts j were made to procure his admission to the | hospital, but. the tents were all full, and Mr. i Eli is. secretary to the institution, took the patient into "hi* private room, where he was indefatigably nursed by Mi-. Ellis and Mr. Laurie. During Friday the patient was very delirious, and bis mania continued all night. Towards morning he grew calmer, and fin all y appearcl to go to sleep. This gave Mr. Laurie an opportunity-to stop out, bur when he was gone the side man got out of Ijed. and. seizing a knife, inflicted a terrible gash in the throat just a* Mr. Laurie re-entered the room. He was at once secured, but not before he had succeeded in severing the carotid artery. DJU. M'Neil and Ellis were soon in attendance, aud everything possible was done, but at the time of writing the patient was in a most precarious condition, and it is probable that we shall have to make a melancholy record in this instance, as in so many others, before much time elapses. | 