A MAN AND HIS DESTINY. By Oliver H. Growden. PART III. CHAPTER XXIV. Continued. Yet withal Gertrude moved carefully. Up to this moment she had hesitated in her great purpose - and for several reasons. Partly from a fear of what Armitage might do ; partly - and mostly - because she had a sense of a more exquisite revenge in the future. It had come upon her like an inspiration when she saw Mark for the first time on the Arimathea. She had noticed the resemblance which had struck Malagrin, but she went further than he did. She had her woman's instinct to guide her - her instinct, which is another way of saying her suspicion plus her ignorance of Armitage's past life. She really was ignorant in the completest sense of Armitage's past. It was a point upon which he had always observed a delicate reticence. She was ready to jump at any feasible supposition. Not a judicial frame of mind \- generally one infinitely more likely to lead her wrong than right ; but in this instance, and as fate would have it, reliable enough. She came to a kind of open verdict : here was at any rate something that would repay investigation. As soon as her purpose of gaining Mark's confidence had been carried far enough, she began to question him. She did it with the perfection of tact. She infused into their interviews the charm of woman's sympathy. From time to time, reluctantly, yet with a pleasant sense of confidence, Mark had told her enough to let her suspect a good deal more. Indeed, he was so much at her disposal that a bold and direct question might have gained her the whole story ; but she was too careful a tactician to endanger her power by putting that direct question at what might prove too early a moment. She waited and watched and pondered till the mellowing moment had come, and her instinct told her that moment had come now. It was a holiday. Field and hedge were all abloom and gay with the gold and crimson and silver of flowers, and filled full with their odour. Gertrude (on another visit to her cousin) had managed to bring about one of those delightful, unexpected meetings with Mark. As she came towards him round a turn in the lane, all the colour and perfume and spirit of the day grew together and became embodied in this one woman. Mark, the youthful, the inexperienced, the volcanic, felt himself blush warmly -- his heart beat a little thicker -- he turned his head and looked abroad over hedge and meadow with a flutter of young mannish embarrassment which he tried hard to hide under a studied veneer of unconsciousness as she came nearer. Yes, it was usually in this way that they met. Mark had fallen into the habit of walking along this particular bit of lane, always imposing upon himself an elaborate sense of having no special purpose in view, and always surprised when he found a purpose supplied ready for him - the most delightful of all possible purposes - in the pressure of a delicate gloved little hand and the glance of the artless young eyes of Gertrude. One of the reasons that made her society so much more agreeable to him than that of other women lay in her veiled boldness, for it gave her the self assertion to set aside, without seeming to set aside, the inevitable little embarrassment of such meetings as this. " Why, Mr. Hawthorn," she said with as much surprise as if she had suddeuly come upon him in the centre of the Sahara, " this is a pleasure. . . . And what a lovely day, is it not ? . . . All the world is gone a-maying and holiday making away in the country, and how is it that you are not away too, forgetting all about smoky London among mill wheels and dairies and daisies ? . . . But perhaps you are like Doctor Johnson and think that London or near it is the best place in the world. And really there are uglier places than this, though you can smell the smoke and hear the noise." She stopped - almost imperceptibly and with cultivated tact between each sentence to give Mark a chance of taking up the conversation ; but as he appeared to have no remark ready she went on again with that easy charming self possession that was so grateful to a diffident man. " But then it is all very well to talk about the country and belittle the town. One acts as a foil ( don't they call it a foil ? ) - yes, a foil to the other. It is only because one has the town drummed and pounded into one that we appreciate the daisies and mill wheels, et cetera, isn't it ?" She paused again and Mark took it up this time. " Yes, I suppose it is," he said. " If we were condemned to country life for ever we should have no more notion of what a pleasant place it is than the South Sea Islander has of the beauties of the Sonth Sea Islands, though he lives among them all his life." " And I suppose it is quite an established fact that the South Sea Islander has no such sense, is it not ?" " Really, I don't know, but from their way of living it does not look as if they had much of the artist about them, does it ?" " I don't know. No doubt there is merit in the different schools of tattooing and war painting, among those who know, and I suppose they have connoisseurs in these matters among themselves, as we have in the matter of the pictures in the National Gallery, you know. And if all we hear is true they have quite au old knowledge of one feature of civilisation -- they enjoy a good deal of club life in their own artless way, don't they ? Ha ! ha ! ha !" " See back numbers of Joe Miller, Mrs. Littlejohn ?" " Not at all. Who's Joe Miller ? It was original so far as I was concerned, but I suppose all the jokes have been told \- that among the rest. It is very annoying to be always forestalled, is it not ?" " I suppose that's another point where civilisation comes in. What will become of us if all the jokes have been joked, all the stories told, and all the poems written ?" " I don't know - that is a point for you men to settle and where we women have the advantage, for the fashions are our angels that never grow old." Paul had an idea of making up a compliment about " that being impossible so long as she wore them," or something of that sort, but it seemed rather a crashing sledge-hammer way of putting it, and as nothing better suggested itself he let it alone. They had fallen into a stroll side by side, Gertrude making the small talk and Mark flicking at the flowers with his stick and feeling a reaction of gratuitous assurance. As rare Charles Reade says, it is but the ghosts and shadows of words that can be put on paper. It is not permitted to man to body forth, in writing, the charm that is upon a young and impressionable man im the society of a beautiful woman - so long as she be but feminine - the accompaniment of flashes of smiles in eye and on lip the upward glances - the silvery little ripples of laughter - the grace of hand and motion of body - and all with the royal seal of nature's approval upon them so long as purity and innocence are there - and purity and innocence are as much with men, after their kind, as with women, and were at least present with Mark, and he was happy with Delilah. A quaint and distant chime from somewhere came over the fields to them. Gertrude held up her hand. They stopped and listened. " Would you think it a very deep question on the part of a woman, if she were to ask you whether you think our pleasures are greater to us when we put them in words to ourselves and to one another, than when we just let them rest in our own minds ?" " I don't know," said Mark practically. " I am afraid it is too deep for an ignorant man to give you any information -- if you want information." " Of course I do." " Well, I am sure," said Mark, wishing he was an encyclopaedia for her sake, " that outward things help inward sensations, if that is what you mean, because I once sat in a dentist's chair to have a tooth drawn, and I never sit in a hairdresser's chair now without feeling the same horrible crashing and tearing in my face all over again. The memory is nearly as bad as the reality." " Just as a ghost is more terrible than the original of it," suggested Gertrude, who was casting about for a way to lead up to what she wanted, and saw no direct connection between a ghost and the question she meant to put before Mark left her. " Speaking of ghosts suggests Hamlet ; have you read Hamlet ?" " Can a duck swim ?" "Have you ever considered Hamlet, then?" " Doesn't Lord Lytton ask somewhere, " and fools still ask, what Hamlet means ?" " But I didn't ask what Hamlet means," she said with a portentous pout. " Good gracious Mrs. Littlejohn," said poor Mark in a panic. " I - I - I didn't mean that ; you know, I meant I was one who was among the fools. You spoke as if you had considered it you know, and did know what Hamlet means.' " So I have, and I have my own ideas on the point." " I am afraid I haven't," said Mark, feeling the want of being an encyclopaedia again. " It is the privilege of all men and women to have their own little idea of what Hamlet means." " What is yours ? I am willing to be educated." " I think the ghost scene is an illustration of what I have just been saying." " As how - I am afraid I am getting beyond my depth." " I mean that the ghost that Hamlet saw was the creation of his own fancy." " But the others saw it - didn't they ?" " They felt the influence of Hamlet's illusion, and saw with his eyes. They had thought ghosts aud talked ghosts, till they saw ghosts. Don't you see that is the key of the whole play." " Is it ? I had never thought of that." " Filial affection run mad you know. The strongest feeling in poor Hamlet's nature was love for his dead father. That is the strongest feeling in some natures." " It is," said Mark, in a tone that showed that a ghost of his own had risen in his thoughts in answer to Gertrude's suggestion. " I have seen people - and that was Hamlet's case, I believe - whose attachment to the memory of a parent was strong enough to bear down everything else. Have not you ?" " Yes," he said, with a hint of pain in his voice, and an inclination to say no more on the subject. " I can conceive of a character," said Gertrude, with a contemplative far-off look, " so bound up in memories of a father whom he had loved, that everything in his life takes its colour from that." " And you think it a weakness ?" " I think its a strength, and I sympathise with it, and admire it," she said, in a beautifully modulated tone of inspiration. " Oh, Mrs. Littlejohn, you are speaking at random, but you little know how your words apply to me." " To you ?" " The love you speak of is the strongest feeling in my nature, Mrs. Littlejohn. If thinking about it would raise a ghost, I should have the ghost of my father with me every day." " I have said something which has hurt you. I am so sorry." ( delicate and womanly sympathy this time.) " My poor father ! His liberty was sold and his life ruined by a false friend," went on the poor devil, " and I have never heard what became of him. You remember what I asked you when I had that conversation with you the day after I saw you on the Arimathea ?" " Ye-es," said Gertrude, as if with an effort of memory. " I think I do." " I was a stranger to you then, and did not speak so plainly as I might have done, but I gained what seemed to satisfy me." " Ah, you did not trust me then, you did not know me then. I hope you have not found me quite an worthy of trust since,"- and her hand unconsciously for a moment touched and pressed his, and her eyes met his with a soft aud inviting look. It was affecting. " I have not, indeed. You - you have been very good to me." " Good ! I ?" " Yes, very. I cannot understand what attraction there should be in me that you should waste so much of your - your time and goodness and sympathy on me." She sighed slightly. He felt that he understood her - he knew she had not intended him to hear that little sigh, but he had - ah ! he had, and understood. " You do not understaud me even yet, Mark." She had no intention of letting him stray too far from the point. " I try to. I think I do." " But you do not confide in me. I can see you have something in your mind which a friend's understanding and sympathy would lighten for you. I have made you my confidant in many things - I have profited by what you have said to me, Mark. May I not do as much for you ? I am only a woman ; you are a man. You are better equipped for the struggles of life than such as I, and, I suppose, as a man, you have less need of sympathy, and can do better without it. But still, Mark, many men have found something to value, if not in a woman's advice, at least in her sympathy." Mark thought of the chivalrous sentiments which he had seen set forth in hysterical little biographies of great men, who had only been great because their wives were great before them, and he felt that he too was to know a measure of the same divine influence. It was a beautiful and dramatic moment. He would rise to the occasion. He would himself be dramatic. " Mrs. Littlejohn, you are right. I will tell you all. I have something on my mind which has been tormenting me for a long time. It is what made up my purpose in visiting the Arimathea that day. It was what made up my purpose in seeing you afterwards. I was and am seeking for news of my father. He was a convict, Mrs. Littlejohn - I am not ashamed of him," he added hastily, with a sense of championship. " I am sure you are not, Mark - I am sure you are not." " When I called upon you, Mrs. Littlejohn - when I put my questions to you, you had no idea how much, they meant to me or how I depended upon them, or what was my motive was in putting them." " No ; but I must, I fear, have sadly disappointed you, unintentionally. But what was the motive you refer to ? Tell me more plainly, Mark." " I feared that the man who was lost on the raft - was - my father." " Oh, and I, I never knew " she said with pathetic desolation. " But that could have made no difference." " Ah, but it would, Mark, it would. It would have made all the difference. If you had only told me ! I thought your inquiries were those of a mere stranger." " But what you said satisfied me that I had no interest in asking any further." " I did not know that," said Gertrude in great distress. " You do not understand. I was under a promise which I could not break except for the strongest reasons - and you did not give me those reasons." Mark stopped and faced her. " I am afraid I do not understand, Mrs. Littlejohn. What was there to tell that you kept back ? And what do you mean by saying you were under a promise of secrecy ? " " I spoke hastily even in saying that much. Mark, let me be quite frank with you. We are friends - you know you can trust me. Make me your confidante - tell me your story, and then I shall know how to act. This is the first time you have mentioned your father to me. There was no one named Hawthorn on board the Golden Grain." " My name is not Hawthorn by right. I was brought up by my uncle as his son. My father's name was Armitage ; but -" he paused aud looked at her again. She had given a little irrepressible scream and start, as if his last words were a revelation ; then checked herself. " Yes," she said, then, calmly and encouragingly. " My father was a particularly bad man, Mrs. Littlejohn." " Oh, Mark - why so bitterly ?" " But he was. He perpetrated the enormity of putting a dose of shot into a bundle of fur on some one else's grounds, and so became at once unfit to be a member of a pure-minded and righteous society \- a society that hated iniquity with a just and discriminating indignation. Having destroyed the life of a pound or two of useless vermin, society destroyed my father's life in just and equitable punishment. You have heard such stories often enough." " Too often, Mark, too often," said Gertrude with a sisterly look in her upturned eyes. She was sure of her ground now. " We have misunderstood one another once, don't let us do it again. Hear me out - hear me to the end before we go any further. I was brought up by my uncle and aunt, whose name I bear. They were as good to me as my own father and mother could have been - they were good people. When I was about fifteen years old my aunt died, and my uncle did not stay long behind her. One day he told me how my poor mother had come to him and left me in his charge, and he gave me the keys of her desk, and, being too ill to speak much, told me to read what I would see there and judge for myself. I read there, letters that showed that my father had loved my mother truly and passionately - that he was full of kind intentions for the future. His letters were the letters that only a good and kind hearted man could have written - only he shot a rabbit ! He pictured what their future would be - no doubt as all men do, but it all sounded sincere enough. And then came the fatal error. For some reason he did once more what he had done too often before knowing my mother : he went poaching in the reserves of a Sir Wheatstone Wheatley. The old story, I know - they are all poachers - that sounds best. No matter. He was betrayed by this man Nicholas Godby, and transported. In his last letter there was a terrible change in his mood. He was in bitter despair. He saw every hope destroyed at one blow. He was in the black waters of man's injustice, and being in them and despairing he turned and plunged the deeper. He was no longer the same man. He had abandoned everything. Cast off by society, he cast society off and its observances ; and every possibility of evil in his nature - that is in all our natures came to the surface, and drowned every good and true feeling that had been in his heart. I am not going to defend him or excuse him. I only look at the man he was and might have been, and what a wicked law and unjust sentence made him. I like to think of him only at his best, as his letters to my mother showed him to be. For what he became afterwards, for all his ruined hopes, his rebellion and despair, for my mother's unhappiness and death, I blame Nicholas Godby. He wreaked his revenge on my father and mother, aud escaped ; but, by heaven, he shall not escape the son so easily. Am I right or wrong ?" " You are right, Mirk. Your trust and purpose are sacred. Be true to them." " Have I any right now to ask you what you know ?" " Oh, you have, Mark. I will answer you without the shadow of reserve," said Gertrude, who had long ago decided how much to tell and how much to keep back. " You have told me a pitiful story. I wish - I wish so much that you had told me all this before. You do not know how sorry I feel for you. I feel myself absolved from any promises I have made \- and yon will presently see what the character aud circumstances of those promises were. It was something, Mark," she said, her eyes wide with the struggle between womanly sympathy and desire to aid, and a delicate sense of honour -" it was something not easy to be set aside ; but I set it aside now for your sake - I know how deeply your feelings are involved in this." " Thank you," he said gravely. " Perhaps I hardly know how much I am asking of you, but if you think --" " I am sure there is justification, Mark, quite sure ; what you have said has thrown a new light into my mind. I do not wish to raise any false excitement in your mind, but I wish 1 had known six months ago what I know now. I should have spoken more freely ; but how was I to know?" she said with a pretty distressed air of pathos. " We are the creatures of circumstance, both of us \- we did not understand one another then as we do now. Ah, well, perhaps it is for the best though we are not able to see it. Mark - my poor Mark, I fear your suspicion - now you have spoken so fully - I fear your suspicion was too well grounded. He was silent, but his eyes spoke as they rested on those of Delilah. " I am sorry to have to tell you this," and her hand took his again for a moment as she might have taken that of a brother \- " so sorry, because I feel, Mark, that when we have done talking, your life will never be again quite what it was before." " Go on !" " Though it is perhaps better that I should tell you than another, Mark, what you fear is the truth. I am afraid that, betrayed once, years gone by, in England, your poor fattier has known a worse betrayal ouly a few months ago in mid-ocean." She had calculated many a time and for many an hour what would be the consequences of this interview, but there was something in the expression of Mark's face that appealed to the fading spirit of humanity within her and made her hesitate in spite of herself - she felt something of what might be in the mind of a magician about to raise a dragon which he would never be able to quell again. " Go on," he said again in the level monotonous tone that comes of feelings that have reached an intensity that mocks at expression by mere change of voice. " Tell me who was this stowaway that was aboard." " His name was - Richard Armitage." " MY FATHER !" Her fixedness of purpose, her self-possession, cultivated and strengthened as they were, were swept away for an instant like straws on a stream. She cowered and shrank together before the mighty tide of love and agony and wrath that blended in his tone, as if a clap of thunder had exploded over her head. Mark had recoiled a step and she knew the agony and wrath were blazing now in the gaze that she felt fixed upon her. She dared not raise her eyes. " Why did you conceal this from me before ?" There was an accusing majesty in his voice. " You did not say who you were, before," she answered humbly, and admiring him in spite of herself. " I did not say who I was. Did you not deny and and deny and deny to deceive me when I asked you ?" " I denied ; but not to deceive you." " You did deceive mo cruelly, vilely." " Mr. Hawthorn, you forget yourself and to whom you are speaking." " To whom were you speaking when you cajoled me from my purpose before ? Oh, Mrs. Littlejohn, how could you do it ? You do not know what you have done." She drew herself up. " What I did, I did because I thought it wisest. You do not know my circumstances." " Nothing could justify --" " Take care !" " Nothing could justify your pretence of ignorance to me." " Mark, what I have told you has roused your strongest feelings, I know, but do not let them blind you to the truth. I say again you do not know my circumstances ; and 1 say again that were you speaking to me now as Mr. Hawthorn only, I should tell you what I told you before and deceive you again. ... I know what you would say," she said putting out her hand as he would have spoken. " How do you know I am not deceiving you now, Mark ?" she asked placing her hand on his shoulder with a taking frankness. " You know I am not. When you spoke to me before it was as a stranger with no right to know - would you have me tell your father's story to everyone who asked me ? For - oh you do not know what that story as yet, poor Mark." " I beg your pardon," he said with a drooping head. " Please go on." " I think I know how great this shock must have been. I thought I had in a measure prepared you for it. Yes," she added, following the look on his face, " I know what folly it must seem to you to talk of any preparation for such a case as this." " Go on Mrs. Littlejohn, please. As you say, we are all creatures of circumstance. I should have been more frank with you before." " You should have Mark - you should. Had I known then what I know now, I should have said then what I am almost afraid to say now. I shall feel it as well as you Mark." He nodded and she went on. " I saw nothing of - of him up to the time of the foundering of the ship. It was not till we had left her and the confusion was over for a moment that I found this stranger was among us on the raft. I saw from the first - and wondered what it could be, or whether it was that I was mistaken - I saw from the first there was some deep enmity between this man and Nicholas Godby. I did not mention this before, I know," she said with a pathetic gesture of her hands." It was among the things we kept from one another, we were at cross purposes, you and I. You were keeping yourself in the dark, and I was keeping to my promise of secrecy of secrecy, for I have not told you all. We went through privations I shudder to recall ; but a long long time had passed. It was only days ; but they were longer than years, and one night in the last stage of desperation, it was proposed that lots should be drawn, to see who should die for the sake of the rest. She paused, but he only looked at her sombrely without a word, and she went on with her cruel finesse of words. " That night Nicholas Godby had a dream - that his son was to be the victim next day. He roused all on the raft with his cries. By the morning, he had formed a plan, whereby, if his dream came true his son should escape." " How do you know that ?" " How do 1 know that ? Let the result speak for itself. The method of drawing lots was, that all - except myself who had no part nor lot in it - should put their names in a hat. The first name drawn was to be the name of the victim. This man," she said slowly and sinking her voice, " this man who has come back with his son, to enjoy all that he has robbed his old rival of - he was the man who drew the names from the hat ; and the name he read out - oh, can't you guess ?" she said, pausing with a shudder, and looking into his eyes. " Must I say it ?" " Whose ?" he said intensely, leaning forward in his eagerness, and catching hold of her wrist. " He read the name of his old rival and enemy, when that rival's name was not on the paper - it was a fiendish revenge." " A-ah," he said, with a long quivering respiration, and tightening his grip on her wrist, till she bit her lip to keep down the exclamation of pain. His gaze, that seemed straight into her eyes, was fixed as though on something beyond, in a Macbeth-like trance. " He has filled his cup full. This is the mystery of the missing man," he said. She extricated, her hands and putting them before her face dramatically, went on. " I can see that proof now - the fatal slip was torn, so that the others might not see - there was a struggle - and then and then the man who had been juggled to his fate went to the edge of the raft " \- she stopped to struggle with herself, and Mark cried hoarsely, " Say no more !" She kept her hands before her face and looked at him through her fingers. " I am afraid to think what I have told you, Mark. I will leave you - you would rather be alone." . . . . When she looked back from a long way off, Mark was standing where she had left him, doubtless unconscious that she had gone. CHAPTER XXV. WHAT YOU GET BY GOING OUT IN THE WORLD. When Bertha Matthews saw Armitage for the first time after his six months retirement, without being quite clear in her mind as to what the change was, she was conscious that a change of some sort - and a change which was much for the better - had taken place in him. She had never quite liked him before ; he had seemed so hard and cynical. Now, somehow, he impressed her differently. It was not because she was that terrible thing - a reader of human character, for she was not ; she took people frankly, and just as they chose to present themselves. But she had lived a calm and pure life, and was one of those who carry with them in their growth the delicate intuitions of their childhood. For his part, it is doubtful whether Armitage would have visited the Matthews at all now, had it not been for Paul. At the beginning, at any rate, he was anxious to conciliate and watch the conduct of his protegee. In his own judgment he had put him down as a member of that class whom it is not safe to trust with edged tools, - and at the same time he was painfully conscious of the two-edged sword which circumstance had forced him to place in his hand. If a change for the better had taken place in Armitage, it is certain that a change for the worse had taken place in Paul. His six months apprenticeship at the conquest of London had its effect upon him. Probably the bargain he had made with Armitage had its effect upon him too - but from that he always turned his face ; would never allow his mind to dwell upon it for a moment. It was right \- he was justified - he was paying the world back in its own coin. His purpose was now to win Bertha. He had been with her in spirit all through his experiences as Dick Whittington the Second ; and though he could not impose upon himself to the extent of thinking there was much of the hero about him, he consoled himself to his own satisfaction by saying there was a good, deal of common sense about him. " Here have I been for six months,"' he had said during that part of his career which will never be written or fully known, " and what have I done - what am I likely to do ?" He had left the question unanswered, owned himself beaten (in a sudden access of his common sense), and made his inglorious retreat. To Be Continued Next Saturday. 