AnExtraordiiiary Occurrence. O ? : ? ; ? ' . ... The Braidwood Dispatch has the follow ing: — For some weeks : past considerable excitement has prevailed among the resi dents of Six Mile Flat, Warn, Bombay, and Colombo, by a series of extraordinary occurrences, the - origin of which is still as dee-p and .. iupenetrable . as ever, : notwith standing the most careful and rigid enquiry, although there are people who refuse to believe any thing, else than that they are' the result. 6f supernatural agency. It appeprs that a miner named Cunningham and a mate .lived in a but belonging to Mr. Terrence McGrath, of Colombo, which is situated : close to ; the Shoalhaven: River. They had occupied the place for spine time, when all df a sudden one bight the building was bombarded with clods from an ant bed which had been picked up by Cunningham . and which is ritiiated abodt i00' yards from the hut. The pieces of hard rock penetrated thp cracks through 'tlib slabs, although how sPme df thbm could get through the cracks it puzzled theniV since they were larger than the opening. They liatorally looked about to find the author of the thitowiiig but 'with- out; success. ? i When they went outside they aver-^-and their testimony is since coriobo rated by a number of other witnesses— the clods hit the inside ;of the building. On the' followihg night a ' repetition of the bus iiiess ocOurrwi, and tlie men became some what alarmed. They told others dfityatthp smie time expressing their belief itliat the throwing Was the work of a ghost. These persons visited the scene and found- the facts exactly as i stated by ' Cunningham ai d his 'mate. The story . spread, and others, viewing the matter as a joke. like w:S?s visited the place witli the nssui'affce that they at kast would discover the origin of these ' peculiar occurrences. They left in the same hapfiy condition of luysti 'ficatipn.as those who had preceded ; them, a' though they went with guns, which 1 tliey fi/ed in the direction from Where the throw ing preceded/ - And here We may remai-k that the clods thrown strike the hut in almost exactly the same place every time between two slabs near, the window. On several occasions no less than eighteen people have been on the lookout at : the same time forming a sort of semi-circl© round the side of the : hut where the throw inff occurs. J They fired tlieir guns loaded with shot into the bushes of the -trees sur rounding the place with such good effect that there is not a tree- or log : within a couple of hundred yards of the hut that is . not : riddled with shot. To make sure tliaf; the clods came from the ant- bed, a number of them were.; marked with charcoaj, and these have subsequently befen found inside tbe hut perfectly unbroken.,- The most peculiar thing about the matter is thatithe clod-throwing started siinultaneous Lwith the breaking of the ant bed by Ounning ham, and what is still, more peculiar; tlie presence of this ipaiiin the hut isabsolutely necessary to produce the ' iniinifestations.' Without him there 'is no clod throwing. Manysensible, level-lieided mien have Visited the spot/ and although loth to believe/the throwing was done by any supei;natui-al agency, they are absplutely unabie fo ac count for the -proceedings. The throwing usually commences at about half- past 10 o'clock at ; rnght ; dud cbntinues spinetiUies till daybreak, altbdugh . as a' rule ; it only lasts ,a couple oj-.tbrec houre Wp under stand,, that another party of ISdnt'ehll to ^pppifonitY P^senteitself Jfo'r 'ings or solve the mystery sumundirig them 