THE ARCHBISHOP-ELECT OF ADELAIDE. SERMON AT ST. FRANCIS XAViER'S CATHEDRAL. At the High Mass at St. Francis Xavier s Cathedral oa Easter Sunday morning the Right Rev. Dr. O'Heily, Archbishop-elect of Adelaide, preched his tirafe sermon to an Ade laide congregation. In anticipation ot bear ing His Grace tne Cathedral was crowded by eager listeners. The Rev. Father McEvoy was the celebrant of the Mass, and ho was assisted by the Rev. Fathers Hurluy and Cos grave as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. Archbishop O'tieiiy praided at tUa throne, and he waa attended by the Very Rev. Archpriest Nevia. After the first gospel, the learned preUte asoended the pulpit, and selected as his text — 'This is the day which the Lord hatnmade; let us be glad and rejoice thereiu,' ttken fiom Psalm 117 and used in the Oliioo and Mass of the day. The preacher said : — It is possibly a happy omen— it is certainly a happy coiuci denoe— that my first words to the Uasholics of Adelaide should be spoken on Easter morn. Greetings are more pleasant in the giving when the circumstances under which ?hey are uttered are themselves of a pleasing character. To Catholics the great Paschal feaac ia the first of all Christian fes tivals in the jubilation which it brings. Toe season of fast and abstinence is over. The sombre draperies that darkened tho sanctuary during Paeaion-time have been swept aside, and the altar is bright with flowers and widi the priestly vesture, radiant in its white and gold. Tho last echo of doleful 'Miserere' and plaintive ' Lamentation' has died away in the distance, and the sound — tha welcome eouad — of gladeotne 'Gloria' and exultant 'Hallelujah' fills the air instead. 'This is the day which tha Lord hath made: let us ba ul&d; and rejoice therein.'1 Sc eaith the Church, borrowing the language of tho pealmiat ; and to her salutation our hearts readily and fervently respond. The occasion is favourable to a speaker ; and it is indeed with a mind affected to the full by that sense of peace to which the liturgy invites us I deliver my first meseafre to you, the Cathedral portion of my flock. The task allotted ino is assuredly an easy one. I have but) to voice the santimen.s that find a place in your hearts. God grant that the happy accessories of the moment prove a presage of future blessings, and that with the joyousness attendant oa the beginning of my administration the joyouenoss of the iseus may be in full accord. Angelic lips gives us the key to the solemnities of Fasohaltide. To the pious women of the gospel it was a heavenly mes senger who spoke, 'You seek Jeaus who was crucified. He is not here, for lie is risen, a? He said.' Two abort days before they had seen, with weeping eyes, the mangled frame of Him whom thoy had so loved and so revered laid lifeless in the grave. With hia corpse their hopes, their loves, their happiness seemed for ever interred. But joys oft come quick when sorrows have gone thick betore ; and the sun of the first Easter morn was already eignalling its approach. The straggling rays it shot) above the horizon, as glad pledge of the coming day, wore the pledge, too, of light and of consolation to the troubled mourners' soula. The mystery iore told hud indeed been accomplished. No furthei ueed to look for the crucified amid the darkness aad the silence cf the tomb. Jesus has burst the bonds of death ; he hns triumphed over the cruel, grim tyranny of the grave. Clothed with immortality, he is bey on 3 reach of the malice of the most fiendish of his foes. His glorified body has entered on its beatitude. With suffering and humilia tion and sorrow ho has no more aught to do. Tho eternal nplondours nf his Heavonly leather's kingdom are now hiB inalienable lot and share. In ita marvellous, because Heaven endowed, unity the Church recognises no distinction of clime or age. Those poor Syrian women— whose story an inspired pen disdains not to narrate — though belonging to the tirst centnry of the Christian Era, are, in faith and hope and charity one with us Australian Catholics of the nineteenth age. Wo share their sentiments, we enter into their feelings ; and grieving with them in their sorrows we hive a right, to be gladdened with them in their joys. tVith them we have stood by tho Cross of Jeaus and pondered tho agony of our Master's dying throes. With them we saw him grow faint aad fainter, bis life - blood ebbing rapidly, until at) longtb, with head bowed upon Hi* Baored bosom, He gave up the ghost. With them we accompanied Him in spirit on His sad journey -o the sepulchre, and with quivoring lips kissed the stone which marked the spot whore Kg reposed. Asso ciates in tribulation we claim association, too, in psaoe. The hour of our mourning is over, for (tor ua as for tho holy women) the glad Eaator day has dawned. A great light hath shined in the darkness, and brightness and jubilation take the place of gloom and atve. Ha whom we loved and was dead is come to life ; He who is cur treasure and was lost is found. Tho reign of our Em manuel has been inaugurated. Christ rules in power and majesty. Hear the herald's pro photic cry—' Rejoice greatly, 0 daughter of Sion ! Shout for joy, 0 daughter of Jerusa lem ! Bobold thv King coineth unto thee.' Let alleluias ascend in peals of greeting as He approaoheth. To the Prince of Peace, to Him who is 'God with us,' ba hoeanuas ten thousand times ten thousand fold. ' This is the day which the Lord oath made; let us be glad and rejoice therein.' With these words I began my brief address ; with them it is nob unmeet that I should draw that address to a closa. The utterances of tho Lord are utterances of might ; and the senti ments which they suggeut they have it in them also to evoke. Mty the divine message work its full effects in our hearts and in the hearts of all. May that peace whioh, descendiug from on high, surpasseth all understanding, fill out souls to over flowing. May the joys that throbbed in the breasts of the devoted women of the gospel on the first Eastor morn thrill likewise through bvery nerve and fiDrs of our inmost souls today. May our present passing glad noas be a prelude to the gUduesa that endureth. Whore the Master is there should be the household. The children's place ia in their fond father's home. May it be cur lot, through the Redeemer's mercy, one day to join in person in the heavenly triumph;) of our King. As we sing here, may it, by God's goodness, ba given us to eing hereafter— 'Alleluia, Alleluia ; glory to the crucified and risen Saviour ; Ho.snnna to the Son of David now and for evermore.' The oboir, under the leadership of Mr. W. Gordon, rendered Haydn's 'First Musi' in its entirety, but much of the effect was lost through the insignificance of the organ, which docs not give Miss O'Sullivan the oppor tunity to help tbo choir very mush. The offertorium proper for tho day was 'H.x'3 Deus' (Latham). At the close of the service Miss O'Sullivan played the ' March in G' (Fabian Rose). At the usual evening service Miss L. Carriggsang *'O Sacrum Convivium' (Emile Glover), and tho choir rendered Latham's Hrcc Deua'' and Giorza's ' Tantum Ergo.' Father Co^grove gave the Benedic tion. After thrt sombre dressing of the altar during Holy Week its appearance on Sunday morning was beautiful. Flowers were ar ranged in great profusion. The decorations were carried out by the Sisters of Mercy. 