Sketcher. MX AUNT'S AimSNTiytE, S? ulfokuk lJUWNINCVKL'AllKiJ. The followiug iuoiiteul is a strictly true aocount of au adventure that happened lo my aunt, more tliau fifty years ago, in tliu city of London. Wo were all gathured around the Christ mas fire, and, as was our wont, uftor the lea-; livitieu of tho day, were telling ghost stories. It was a sort of custom in our fuiuily to tell weird and ghostly talus on tint overling. Ou this particular night otir A mil Alico was prosent, und after sumo persuading, con sented to tell us Bouiethiug that happened to hor when u gir! " Wlmt 1 utn going to lull ia not asghout story, U is nn udventiiro that hotel! mo many I years ago, when 'Burking' was a .uommun crime. No doubt you all know what that ! means, as a casa occurred uot long ago in Bnltimuro. For those who do not understand I will explain. "In those days tho opportunities of pro curing bodies for medical exposition and instruction wore limited. The students and professors wero therefore oompelled to rusoit to all sorts of underhand means, such as robbing churchyards und rilling tombs. But bodies oould uot bo prooured fast enough oven by such means. Thero now appoured a man who invented a plan for whioh lie became notorious. A lullow called Burke. This wretch would hire sumo rufiian to steal up behind a mau or woman aud throw a powerful sticking planter ovor his viotim's mouth. Strangulation would shortly otn-ue and Ibo murderer would tbon take the body to some medical college and sell it for a high price, as it would hu free from alt fraotute. This whs what we understood by 'Burking,' and, alas 1 it accounted only too truly fur umnv of the mvsturioud disaiiDcarances iu those days. . " Wu were living at tho tunc of my adven ture in tho huart of the ' Modern Babylon.' Onu night father and I were left alouuin the house, the rest or thn family having gone to visit eomu friends. Wu wore talking together in his study, when he suddooly roniouibered Uiat lie had au important oommuuieation to give to my uncle. " ' Oh, child, I am sorry they have gouc out?' ho cxoluiuied. "Why? I usked. " Your uncle should havo got that letter without fuil to-uight, aud uow it iu impos sible.' " Cannot I go ?' "'Absurd I No, child, under no ciroum- stances.' " Oh, hut father,1 1 continued, ' you know it is uot far to unelo'o, and tbo streets are lighted nil the way. I must go. Iehau'thu mure than half an hourj nothing on earth etui happen to mo.' «> "lnui afraid 1 was rnthor fond of Imv- . ing my own way in those days ; for go I did, with tho parting admonition, 'Don't stay ut your uuclo's, but hurry hornu,' ring ing in my cars. " My uncle's house was about a mile from ours. There wero two ways of getting to it ; one, by a road, although it took longer, was woll lightod ; tho othor was by a cross-cut through numerous small street and alleys. "Tho night was ooid and damp. After a brink walk I rcuohotl my unclo's, gnvo my niosHago and tho valuable letter, und was about to go when oue of my cousins, running up to me, Huid, — " 4 Oh, Annie, oan't you stop a minute niid sco my now dross?" " ' Well I'll stop ono uiinuto and nolonyer,' I rnpliod. " But ono minute was prolonged to two, nnd two to throe, and still I lingered. The new dross was solabsorbing a topic that it had banished my fatliur's words entirely from my miud. 1 do not know how long I should have stayed had not my eye at last caught sight of" tliu clock, ond 1 saw to my dismay Hint it was half-past ' nine. Tho partii words of my luthor uuiuo to my mind, nnd 1 was heartily sorry for my thoughless die- obedience. " » Oh, girls, I must go I don't eay another word I Good-by.' " Throwing ou my cloak and seizing my hat, I rushed down stairs. I almost ran nowT iu my basin to tnako up for lost timo.1 Suddenly tho thought, 'since you aro so late, why not take tho shortcut?' cntno to my miud, and I acted upon it immodiatoly. "There were only a few puoplo in the streets uu I walked home, and thoy scorned to gut fuwur au 1 approached what lmd been pointed out to mnjau ' Thlavus' Alley.' Fast gloomy littlu simps, whioh Dickons so inurveilously describes in Ins great works, mid past uumcroue add turnings, I hurried. Through Thiovus' Alloy,' quiot asn mouse, 1 ulole. 1 had pnHsud the worst uuw, I thought, " \ next oamo to a street bounded on both sides by dilapidated houses. Thu plaoo was so silent Una I heard thu cobo of uiy own' footsteps. 1 do not know what it was, hut n fueling of iuipuiuling danger so fell upon, my mind I stopped aud listened ThuslroiU wuo Bilunt and deserted. I erupt along with oyo and oar strainod to eatoh tho slightest sound. 1 had reached tho middle of the block when I heard a slop bobind ine. B fore I could luulc arouud my arum wcru suized, and a terrible weight was prussiag into my buck, 1 tried to scream hut my throt,Hucmed paralyzed with fright. I was iu the hands of one of thu 'Burko gaugl He had hccu lyiug iu wait lor mu,aud woold kill mo I "Oh, tho horror ot that mornont I I shall nover forgot it, Tha rulllan ti:e'.i began to draw my arms together. I saw his purpose Hu wanted to hold tny arms with onu hand so that with the other ho might put the dreadud plaster on my faco. Suddenly n thought— it was God-givon oamo to my mind If 4 could wronoh my arms free nt the moment ho would hold them with his one hand I might escape. Slowly ho brought my artuo together, ilis powerful hunil war. already grasping my wrists wbon, with t\W the nurvous passion of dispair, I threw my two fists bauk over my shoulders, nnd struck the villain full io tho face. An oath, followed by n fall, was all 1 board, I flow. Girls can ruu us well as boys sometimes. But horror tho wretch was following inc. Footsteps rattled on tho pavomunt behind. I tore on, hut my breath was going. My pursuor was rapidly approaching, still I reeled 011, when —rupture never to bo forgotten — I saw a 'poolor,' (that wau what thoy callud a puliar- inun in those days) approaching. Tbo (cot. stops behind tuo stopped, 1 was saved t " 1 gained tho highway and reached our house. In order to gain tho instant atten tion of those inside, 1 thrust my arm through tliu fruut window. There was a crash, nnd I (oil fainting uu tho steps. Fathor oimo run ning out-and carried ma in, where after a time 1 told him all "That is my ndventuro; and in conclusion, my mint contiuuod, " L trust no ono of you will over hnvs to undorgo ouch an ex perience." Tom Campboll once told an amusing slory of nn incident that, lmd happened to him in a small country inn when travelling in Heotlnml. Ho hud been stopped l>y the wuullier in tho afternoon, find dined, nn'd in dulged himsulf with a - toothpick to whilo away the idle nftcr-hoiir. ' Enter chambermaid : "Sir, If you please, aro you dmio witb the toothpick?" " Why do you ask? I supposo I may pick away as long ns I like?" "Nn, na.yucnunadao that, sir, for it ho- Intigs lo tho club, aud thoy hao bceu met amnlsl nn linur I" -j . V . . , Tho followiug 'Story of Scotch; pulpit .ritieism used to hu;, told. 'by nn eminent Jivluc : , , ; r . .. A clergyman in tho country had a stranger pleaching for him one day aud meeting his (jcadle,iftld to him : ... " Well, Saunders, how. did you like tho normoH to- day ? !' " I must say, sir, it was rather over plain and simule for mo. I like' time sermons best that jumbles tho joodgement and confoundx the sense. Oh, sir 1 never saw ane that con Id scan s uu r«r=-y!' »t that." Prince Blsmark. is tho most decorated man in Europe. Hhuuld lis over appear wear ing insiguia of all thu orders conferred upon Idm ho would resemble au Oriental uriuou. 