Wilberforce. On Thursday evening last a large black snake was seen in front of Mr Simpson's house, attempts were made to kill the reptile, but it escaped; Steady rain commenced to fall on Saturday after- noon and continued till Monday morning. It will do a great amount of good to the crops, grass, etc No service was held at either of the local churches on Sunday last, owing to the rain. We are sorry to bear that a child of Mr J C Cobcroft's is dangerously ill. Miss Baker, assistant at the local Public School has had to apply for three weeks' leave on aooount of ill-health. A snake was discovered in a bed by Mr McMillan of the Wilberforce Settlement last week, The tea-meeting and concert in aid of the Church of England came off on Tuesday last. The weather was all that could be desired The tables, numbering eight, were presided over by :-No 1, Misses H and M Greentree ; No 2, Mrs G Nicholls and Miss H Greentree; No 3, Misses Laura Smith and E Turnbull ; No 4, Mrs Jas Hall and Miss Bowd ; No 5, Mrs J Wilbow and Miss M Dunstan ; No 6, Miss Guinness and Mr S Dunstan ; No 7, Misses Louie Buttsworth and Daley ; No 8, Misses E and A Turnbull. There were about 150 persons present, including visitors from Windsor, Pitt Town, and Sackville Reach. The catering was done by Mr P Beveridge (Windsor). After tea games were indulged in by the young people. An enjoyable time was put in till it was time to make towards the Australian Hall, where the concert was held. At 8 sharp, by which time the hall was crowded, the programme was opened by a pianoforte solo, nicely played by Miss Elsie Smith. Then Mr P Greentree, who was in good voice sang " Beautiful Star. Rev. H Guinness introduced Rev S G Fielding and his ghost story, " Marley's Ghost," after which Mr Westall sang "The British Lion." The Misses Dunstan (2) and Atkins then played a pianoforte trio vary nicely, and Mr J D Smith's recitation was well received. Rev S G Fielding then proceeded with "The first of three Spirits." Little Miss Westall's song, " Won't you be my Sweetheart," was well rendered; she was encored and repeated the last verse. A pianoforte duet by Misses A Dunstan and L Daley was nicely played, and again Rev S G Fielding came forward with " The second of the three Spirits.*' Violin solo, Miss M Linsley, was very good, and Miss Westall again favoured the audience with " My Daddy's bought me a Bow wow," and for an encore she repeated the last verse. Rev S G Fielding gave The last of three Spirits." Song by Mr Westall, " 'Tis Never too late to Mend," a very good item, and a vocal trio by Miss King, and Mr and Mrs Poidevin brought the programme to an end. A vote of thanks was accorded those who so kindly assisted, on the motion of Mr Geo Nicholls, seconded by Mr E Bowd ; also to the chairman, Rev H Guinness. Thus ended a very enjoyable afternoon and evening. 