It ia very much to the credit of tiro Government that, notwithstanding a new source of revenue has been provided in the Income Tax, it" is steadily pursuing the work of retrenchment. Two depart- ments have been notably connected in thepublicmind with extravagance — thoseof Defence and Post and Telegraphs, and much interest is taken in the proposals to cut this expenditure down. The Cabinet Committee which has been lately inquiring into tbe state of the latter department finds, as usual, that great savings can be effected without interfering with the useful ness of the force, and by simply trim ming off some of tire redundancies which have been added in the ordinary course of bureaucratic growth. No good purpose is served, for example, by a silly imitation of the British "War Department in a colony which practically aims only at the defence of a single port against soms possible raid ing squadron. To create a Minister of War for the purpose was to render tire colony' ridiculous, and the colony might hay been prepared to bear the' ridicule if that had been ail the folly cost. But in the train of the Minister' came tho Permanent Secretary and the inevitable army of clerks who had the " honor to acknowledge " and reply to tlie communications of the simi larly situated clerks in other depart ments. Now this organisation costs a. largo amount annually, and does hot "add "to the efficiency of the do- fence forco iu tho slightest degree. Tho committee is to report in a few days, and will, it is to bo hoped, recommend that, tho retrenchment shall begin at the top by abolishing tbe dopavtmunt as a separate entity, nnd once more making it a branch either of tho Chief Secretary's or Troasuror's department. Certain it is that one of the committee's recommendations will be-, that tbe military be called upon to do their own clerical work, nnd that the civilian clerks lie liberated for useful employment elsewhere. Some £20,000, it is anticipated, will he Bavcd l>y carrying Ibis policy of common souse further. The lighting men may not bo too numerous, but they have too many officers, and some of those are too highly paid. Asa matter of course, it is proposed to abolish tho cadet force, which lias been a scandal to some citizens and an excuse for small witticisms in others. It was born .of tho boom,- when anything was seized npon as an excuse for squandering public money. Tho school master is to be called npon to resume bis old responsibility- for drilling and disciplining tlio boys in his charge, and the "children in arms" are to cease to bb a department of State. The strength of the permanent artillery is not proposed to he materially cut down because the forts at tho Heads must be worked l>y trained men, but it is calculated that £1000 can he saved in incidental expenses. In the militia there is a proposal to save £7000, chiefly by reducing a too elaborate staff of officers, and malting some changes in regard to drill. The Mounted Billcs aro to be re trenched, too, by dispensing with unneces sary officers and cutting down the inci dental expenses. The naval forces cannot eseapo the re trenchment wavo. Without raising the question of the value of the gun boats as harbor defences, it is easy to seo that they need uot he kept in commission in timo of peace. Even a portion of tho Federal Fleet is laid up in peace time, and there is no necessity for the ' Vic torian gun boats being kept up on . their present expensive scale. If an emergency arises they can ho manned from the naval brigade. By this course being followed, a number of naval men and officers can he dispensed with, 'and about £15,000 a year saved. The Cerberus is to continue as a floating battery, but' suggestions will be made as to re ductions in the officering. The torpedo flotilla will net be challenged' by the committee, which is satisfied that that branch of the defences is essentially riecossary to the protection of the port. Tho valuo of the torpedo for harbor de- defence has risen in the estimation of exports through the experience of. the Chino- Japanese war, and as harbor defence is almost the one subject with which our Defence department is concerned, the committee lias reasonably refrained from recommending anything, which might weaken it. The suggestions throughout, indeed, appear to aim more at stripping off the costly and unnecessary frippery of the service than at diminishing tho . actual force. The entire amount which it is esti mated will be saved by carrying out the suggestions is about £40,000 per annum. Sir Frederick Sargood must have con sidered that tho " gold lace and the profusion of officers constituted the chief elements of success, since he declared that his estimates could not be cut down by a shilling. Tho Itetrenchment Committee had pre viously discovered after patient investiga tion that in the Post Office £80,000 a year could ho saved without materially restrict ing the accommodation to tlio public and without inflicting hardship on the employes. Now, bolh in tho Post Ollicc and the De fence department, the heads arc quite convinced 'that practically no reductions in cost can be made without damage to the public interest, or hardship to large num bers of employ6s. It is in such cases that the'special Minister should come in, view ing as he ought to do, the matter from an independent standpoint, and in his default the Cabinet as a whole. It seems pretty clear tbat there is a passive resistance to reform in the Post Office. That was to be expeeted. The committee declared that thero was a want of supervision in tho office, and that the superintendent of each branch acted pretty much according to his lights. In reply, we liar the statement of Mr. Smibert that the- only practicable reforms had been already meditated byitlia department. Unfortunately those good intentions were not carried out. The position of Mr. Duffy in the matter is peculiar. If he agrees with the com- mittee lie admits that his administration was pretty much of a sham, that lie either knew notiiing of the defective working of the department, or that, knowing it, he permitted the abuses to go on. The hon. the Postmaster discreetly betook himself to New Zealand on the report being submitted, and now lie has corno back he lias to choose between administering reforms which ha should have introduced in the flrst place, or agreeing with Mr. Smibert tbat no reforms aro called tor except sucli as the depart ment, in its leisurely way, may see fit to initiate in due course According to all acconntslieseems disposed to take thelatter horn of the dilemma He can plead, too, that a Postmaster-General is, by prescrip tion dummy. Usually when a Government is formed the Postmaster-Ceueralihip is conferred upon the least important mem ber of the team, as being a mere sinecure There have, of course, been exceptions ; but in no instance has the purely bureau cratic rule of the department been inter fered with.- It is rather curious that in political circles such a view of one of our great spending departments should- have been taken, and the fact that it has been taken affordB solid ground for tho contention that Miniums auuuij be appointed in a mora rational manner and with a view to their special fitness for their respective offices. We presume that the Cabinet in this and other cases is not going to emulate the example of Lord John Russell on a memorable occasion, by writing up " retrenchment" on the door of the Post Office and then run away. Matters have gone too far for that. The public has been taken into confidence, and informed that in that mysterious department, into the secrets of which even Ministers of the Crownhave not been admitted, there are ex travagance and mismanagement To allow things to go on in the old way is impossible, and the sooner the retrenchment pro posals are put in force the better for the Government and the better for the public. Amongst tlie minor savings meditated are the abolition of tlie grants to free libraries and to the agricultural societies. Except for national institutions tlie library grant has little justification. It is not large' enough to ho of great value to the country towns, although 'its principle is good, and when better times come it may ho restored under improved conditions. As to the grant to the agricultural societies, we have objected to it when money was plentiful on tlie gronnd that it was employed merely to encourage a multi plicity of "shows" for trade purposes in country towns and was of no real valuo to tho Agriculturists.- Tho objections of .courso acquire increased force from tlio financial difficulties of the time. Kiguti.y or wrongly there appears to he a very general impression tlmt llio leakage which is stated to exist in tlio revenuo derived from spirits is duo to the conditions under which private stills aro permitted on vineyards. The stories told that townships in the vicinity of these stills not infre quently draw their supplies from tlio local maker and avoid tho payment of duty 'must bo accepted as ail exaggeration. So far tlio Excise officers, who watch the busi ness pretty closely, have not been able to discover that any such practice is iu gonoral use. It is, however, admitted that a good deal might be dono in this dircalion, and considerable difficulty might bo experienced in dolccting clever parties desirous of evading tlie law. Under the present Excise Act tho proprietor of ny vineyard which has not less than two acres of laud under vines may obtain a licence to lccop nnd use a still of not Icsb 25 or mora than 60 gallons capacity for tlie purpose of distilling spirits from wine or tlie ices of wine, licing the produce of his own vineyard. Such spirits aro to be used only for fortifying wines produced only by tlie licensee. Under this licence tho holder is not allowed to sell spirits to any person. Thcro is a second liccnco which can bo obtained by proprietors,. of vineyards on which not less tlia.ii 10 acres are planted -with vines which permits stills with a cupaoity of 80 gallons being usod for tlie distillation of spirits for sale upon tlio pay- hient of -tlie duty. In both instances the Excise department exercises a certain amount of control and supervision over the distillation, but there seems to be an impression that this is not sufficiently strict to prevent evasion. . Now it will be of interest to inquire whether tlie increased dntiiis" have or have not tended to induce a larger production of spirits in our vineynrds. Certainly the figures furnished by. tlie Excise department aro somewhat startling and suggest that sonic explanation more than the increase in tlie quantity of wino fortified is necessary to accbunt for tlio wonderful expansion which has occurred sineo 1891. It will, however, be necessary to go back further to bo able to form a fair estimate of what our wants liavd been in the past and what tlicy now liavo grown to. This is shown in the follow ing return, which gives the number of stills in use at vineyards during the years noted belotv and the quantity of proof spirit manufactured during each year. No. of Vineyard No. of Proof Gallons year. Stills Licensod. of Spirits -Made. 1831 ., 28 iiisi 1882 .. 27 3,021 1833 .. 24 4,735 1884 .. 23 4.554 1885 .. 25 4,344 1886 .. 25 7,746 1887... 26 6.076 1888 ' 28 6,406 1889 . 30 6,046 1800 .. 35 11,517 1891 .. . 35 19,389 1892 .. 36 20,452 18'J3 .. 42 28.778 1894 .. 41 23,794 These figures are made up from the returns furnished by the licensees, but the difficulty is to decido whether or not they accurately represent 'the total amount of spirits dis tilled. It is rather curious to find that the largest increase in botli licences to distil and tile quantity of spirits distilled occurs immediately after tlie duties on imported and home made spirits wore raised. The increase may be explainable by the expan sion of the wine industry, but so far we have no evidence of an increaso in the latter to account for tlie figures of 1893 and 1894. , It is .evident that the present system of licensing is not the safest for tho revenue, and certain reforms might he readily made which would not inflict tlie smallest injury on the wine growing industry. Ono method suggested is to abolish altogether the licence system, and for tlie Excise depart ment to provide, on requisition, such spirits as wine makers may require, for tlie purpose of ' fortification. An offer lias already been made to tlie department to provide . tlie bast clean spirit at tlie low cost of Is. 9d. per gallon delivered at tlie Melbourne railway station. The spirit requisitioned for would be despatched under charge of an officer, who would supervise its being applied to fortifying- wine only. By this means no possible loss to the revenue could accrue by tlie spirit finding its way into consumption in other directions. The second suggestion is to abolish tlie two- acre licence, and only grant permission to distil to holders of ten or more acres, permission being given to tlie latter to supply tlie wants of tlie smaller vigneron under certain conditions, whilst a third proposal favors tlie establishment of a central distillery and bond in tlio various wine making districts, from which tlie wants of ail vigncrons in the locality could be supplied. In this case the excise oiiicor would he charged with tlio duty of seeing that the spirits obtained from the central distillery were properly disposed. It must not be overlooked that spirits used foe. fortifying purposes aro free of duty or excise, and hence tlie neces- ' sity of using proper precaution for their not passing into consumption as spirits. Tlie first suggestion appears to be tlie most practical, and as a matter of cost should meet wine makers) wants. At present the two acre licensee has to pay £6 annually for iiis permit. This is equivalent to about 68 gallons of spirit at la 9d., and when the cost of plant and working, providing cellar ac commodation for his spirit and other expenses are taken into account lie would certainly - he a gainer under the proposed plan. The ten-acre liconsce pays £10 per year, and his appliances and store accommodation are in proportion more - costly, and hence, buying spirit at . Is. 9d. per gallon instead of being at the cost of distilling would appear to be more profitable. The next best plan is the centra! depot, hum which ail the demands of tlie district could be provided for, whilst wine lees could bo sent there to be distilled at a small cost. Either of these proposals are infinitely preferable to tlio present system, whilst botli would effectu ally prevent tlie possibility of that leakage in tlie revenue which is now supposed to exist. AVe wonder bow many out of tho tens of thousands of lovers of cricket who slionted themselves hoarse at tlie Mel bourne Cricket Ground yesterday arc aware that for many years their beloved sport was illegal in England. Yet sncli was tlie case from the tiino of Edward IV., who cnactod n statute punishing with threo years' im prisonment and a fine of £20 any person allowing the game to ho played upon his premises, and inflict ing a term of two years' imprisonment and a fine of £10 upon the players, with a proviso that the implements of tlio game wore to he burnt. This law remained in force until 1748, -when the Court of King's Bencli solemnly decided that it was not illegal, " hut that it was a manly game, " not bad in itself, but only in the ill use " mode of it by betting more than £10 upon " it." Three years later Frederick Prince of AA'ales, whom his mother fundly described as the greatest liar and tho greatest canaille in England, was so seriously in- jured by n cricket ball that lie gava up his worthless' ghost. Thanks to the Court of King's Bench, Stoddarts and Brockwolls liavo sinco then multiplied and replenished the English speaking world without fearoi Mr. l'autoii or his myrmidons. It is a enrions circuiustanco Hint tlio glittcrin" geuoiftlily attributed to tlio Dnko of AVel- lington, who is reputed to have said that the battle of Waterloo was won on the cricket fields of Eton, was diamolricnlly opposed to the opinion of Edward III., who did all in his power to put down cricket, ' because through its popularity archery was going out of fashion, ftIui jt wns to tho long hows of Merry England that the great victories in Franco wero mainly duo.. Edward IH. was evidently wrong in his estimato of tho value of cricket, and a century of that sport would probably have enabled John Cliinanmn to oppose more destructive weapons than bows and arrows to tlio Japanese. Cynical studonts of English amusements have always dwelt with wonder upon the sadness with which Anglo-Saxons make merry, and a distinguished Englishman once expressed the opinion that lifo would bo bear able were it not for its amuscmonts. A foreigner who happened to visit the Melbourne ground during tho last few days .would certainly have some reason for feeling astonished when lie saw 30.0C0 people standing for 6 or 7 hours, many with their feet on burning hot asphalt, and all with a burning sun molting their brains, jostled, squeezed, their toes trod on and often with their view cut off liy a parasol or a tall liftt, watching a number of perspiring mortals doing mighty things with a piece of wood ami a ball. But under neath this unattractive exterior of tlio game one may find all the qualities which liavo raised the Anglo-Saxon race to their dominanteposition in the world. Cricket is undoubtedly our national gnmo, and no othor people wilt probably ever appronch tho Anglo-Saxon, for a successful player 1 requires a judicious admixture of physical and mental qualities, great patience, furti- tudo Under adversity and tlie tenacity of tlio bull dog. Those aro just the qualities for which tlie Anglo-Saxon is famous. America may pride herself upon her inventive genius, Italy upon her art and music, Franco upon lior civilisation and cookery, bnt young Australia is unapproachable as a tea drinker and a cricketer. At tlio samo timo it may temper our very natural transports to remember that when a. team chosen from 5,000,000 Australians "licks" ono drawn from 40,000,000 Britishers, it is' because they aro the sons of their fathers and hcira to their brawn nnd brain. If Horace could come to lifo again lie would pro bably pen another ode with a proper regard to the gonders, beginning, O vialrc pnlehrCL Jilia pulchrior, wherewith to | plague onr schoolboys and to sing the I glories of tho Australian race. The con- I gesled condition of tlio Melbourne Cricket I Ground yesterday is proof positive of the I marvellous interest which tho whole 8 country feels in tlie result of the final test fl match, and Mr. Turner lias missed liii I opportunity by failing to put that tax I on amusements which so many far sighted I and long headed people recommended bim I to do. - I 