THE LITTLEBOROUGH BACHELORS' BALL. « No, Frank,' »i-l Jim Wickbam. in npU to Ma romnaniDn'* question, ' we have not h»« m Bachelors' Ball In Lfttlcborouffb for the last three years.' Captain Curgenven elevated bin fret carefully nn to the mantel-pirn; nnd tilled back his chair. Hia bott watched him nervously, being con cerned for the peril of tbe Crown Derby ten cup*. ?? 1 don't think I shall break anything',* mnr- j moral Corgenven, contentedly ; ' I have only pit dippers on. It is awfully good of you to j rmV me up for the night at Mich short notice. | Do you mind moving that photograph-frame— ue «t in ouojsea silver, i mean r 1 vreonie you in tbe interest of tbe article itself. Thank you. No*, if your roantelboard ia reliable, a* it ooght to be,I aball be thoroughly comfortable in tody and mind.' Wickham aeemed to be nwd to hia visitor'* man, and constious that remonstrance waa me lew. He made no comment, and returned to tbe aubjoet under discussion . *' Ai agon as Charlie Davidson got married*' be continued, ' we the gallant temnaat of riogle blessedness in Litlloborougo, considered it about time to cease advertising every Christ mas our fortunate condition. Charlie bad man aged tbe Bachelors' Ball for yean.' ' And successfully F' 'Kiecrably. no wone Secretary could hare been found, That waa his grrat merit, beoaaae everybody was always prepared to abase him. H* always offended two-thirds of tbe neigh bourhood ; he forgot to invite hia mother and (??Mr one year,' ?* Foot eld Charlie 1' said Corgenven, with at smile, ' bis head was never very dear, nor bis memory very trust worthy.' ' When he resigned be left ths management of the balUn ancfa evil udour that nobody in the town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Betides, there was rather ? paintul incident in connection with the but dance we gave i hat his uot yet beeu explained ?oiH.' 'Tbi* {? very exciting,' remarked bis friend. ** Please lo remember that I bave been four years in India, and am dying far Uttieborougb mm. Relate the nccurreiKM ia your own ini mitable slyle, while 1 araoke and listen.' Jini WuMtbam was a. seasoned bacbdor.whsm enftiest aud only uvelud been the sooni! of fail own voice A kindly OtUc busybody, far things iuUtUehwough escaped tbe inquisition of bis doable eyeglass. Ho draw* chair to the On, with a. preliminary chuckle in appreciation of Us own powers to do justice to Us subject. ?? 1 md hardly say it was Charlie Davidson's iaulienlirrfy/'brbegaii. 'Von know waoaed to bare a list uf people that were invited every ynr. Charlie always aant them invitations, whether they had left tbe place, or were dead, ?rheakmnt. He used to invite themalL He aaked old Hiss Cumberbatoh three suooessire yean after her death ct the age of 7B.' ?? Bat (be never would accept, I suppose f' 'So; she never appear*!. But M lutbe asked another sou who was also dead.' ?? Undeterred by toe thence of Hisa Cumber bat A?' ' And (Ms nan,' «aid -YTickluuD. lowering hia voice, and laying bis band on Ua com panion's arm, ' actually appealed at the ball, mat was Ihe sacamforUbh part of it.' 'Good Jv-rd! 'said Ourgenven, 'I say, you'll liare to shift that Sevres Bower-rase; if you make any awn statements of that kind, 1 ?ball to kicking hover.' Hm host rose, obedkmtly, anddesnd a wider «rj*Ce In tbe neighbourhood of bis aonpatrieas slippen. Nctberspolnrar.iBfiamit or two. an4 tlun CergBUVan dtmanded coat (nance ?ndanexplaoauoo. . . ' Woo an ?arth was the roan P' he asked... ' He had *o bannese to be anybody «, earth ??hS abyortaolwrvas.Fve known her all her We, ?ad taken *er into dinner aboultbirty tines. I anoe extracted from her a confession that As disliked tomatoes, but tiut is tbe only cound eneesbolaa ever bouoorod me with. 8UU, largoKm, I f-ncy, got ? bit further wtfa ht Uiu tbt. Indeed, be was dim*raMykeenonher. leantfor tbe life of we imagine why, except for tbe fact that she didn't nan two straws about him. She used to bo ru.le to him. lbouxb, sad that was en ad vance on tiw aistanUy poHts attitude sbe adopted towards tverybody else. -WeU, at tbe last Bachelor* BaU but one, FrtBuson and Miss WaterfWd danced together aBOTD than once, I «an vouch Turrbat, and they ?at out together pretty often too. Sbe was nerw in much iTenmid as a partner, though be wasjwpularenouirb ; but he sever looked at anyboriy else that nght. Bis eyes f ollowsd her, lika a dog's eyes all over the roam ; and she vent shoot, eiluer with him, or withont him, a pale, iaacraUble sphinx, Unking neither happy K*OTihc]-|-)', but absolutely unconcerned. 8he looked niber pretty tint night, but whether ato enjoyed benvjf or not I have .not the ieaat idea. Old Furguson had promised to come in ?nil bave a smoke with mo after the danee ; and as he was putting his euatvnin tbe cloak-room, Issid: Vju're euoiiug rouurtforaplpe.ehr1' He a«d-. ' Not to-night. I think. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought be seemed rather low-spirited and 4ired,and be shook bands with me, which was retber a rum thing to do. Well, that eras fonr years ago, and I have never set eyes on tb« mansion). Mind the clock, Frauk, your right foot is dangrrously near it.' ?? You ought not to (ay sucu startling things, j lieu, do on.' - \ ?' Tbe next day Ferguson lilt Littleborougb ' without a word to anybody. Bis Ultom were { lobefonrsidedtoiiuiiatsonc club in London, I forget which. Most peuple wondered at lib going, and mused him nut ajittia ; but' tbe ; auly |-erson who could throw any light on it was Alim WaterSuld, and nobody iu bis tenses ever dreamed of |-umpiiuc her. She vreut on just as usual not looking either melancholy or relieved, but simply expceMinnless. I spoke to her onco sbout liiui. Imt sbe never answered, acil 1 changed tbe subject to Borne, wucreshe bad juet Lurn. Sim was not exactly garruloua on that topio eitbrr; Lut Biat is neither liere nor tbeco.-'.;i^t .'-v': ' ' ??W^J&flBBaltWtUPd; the in vita tion- for the nrrt BaubelsTirBslI i ye«r after, ami Ofaarliv J Davidwn, vno wss i-ug»iied to be married at j Uw tinwfad algnslisMl lilii fuwwell aupturance aiSMretaryivaMkingcvuiiabiggermeuoftbi! ' liall tlisn usual, On ruat oooasion be overlooked i tbe (.nril-Mautenant *nd the CnUmoUncpm-1 lutnit. I wss lu bo Couuty Club lunching; one day with two or three other fe'lovs, when* iimu 'aid audili nly, ' I s»e that poor vuuiig Fer- 1 guson, who wu up here, is dosrt. Budied | uiiwnlxine in Africa about Ml weeks ago. It wa.inalltliopupers. Didn't snybodyaee it ?'? ?' Nane of Ul bad w«u it, and it was a great ?nock to me. But Obnrlin Uavidsuu, whu was Cicro, turned as ntle us a slwt, anil Uid ilom his knife ami fork. 1 knew »t once bo had sent I'lmr J-'orjtiuion n nurd fur the ball, ond for once j \- Ml miter stirry fur him, us be looked very ?Wiih uiwut. I ' Voung Hallbuiion, however, began to crick fa c-rtomanrjokPi ut Charlie's I'ZiienM-. Ho Mooned tliat »u should have s cheerful ball if tvuivbuo'jr our secretary invitvd turnwl up, snd mm luithiiranxiouj lo il'tra- ver if Queen Anne »*-.'. 3w«u alktid, auying lie tkongbt --he might be ' ?CRiidttd at tbe otnfssiiiu. But wben b« west «*a mil «uid it wa« enough lo draK young Frr Kust:i irom' bis Kmve, tin. luckless liliurlie lookcti so ill that pwiple (old Hiliburtin to dry , 41m, und not try aud lie fuuny ou n eubjrct like I lial. ' :. I -?:?-? You know, I think ITiiVidabn was worked lip into rntbiir nji ' eouu ' stato or mind when tfiiiwentrnl night arrived. He has often, in iaIHnioiBthiJstoryof whst he saw, remarked 'UiatlwtsltapnsmUnwnt ? ' ' ?' 1-h, donV intenuptert bis listener. ?? Don't . . Irt.w Un^ any pre*rntlmeDts, Go on with tbe ? '?^Jn»iV«-ou iilui,' replied Wiekbam.mildly. ?AbylioWjWliiitc«ir Charlie', state or mind ?»»»,: il)i-sii»pBr-rooii- bad iutt been opened. and ho was rushlniatauttfiilnK thn wrong mm to takf!iBtbewron(tlivllie« HecRnicintheoourpc of bis direct to a mnsll sitting-nut room olow to the imtr*iioe-h»II. It was rather a cnld Mid impopulsr room) with a dpjectni- liviliing |mlm trre in tho n-ntn-, i-bd fltlrd out witti lue shnli bieiit of the sofas ami Bhafrs'. Tbe ball secretary came in. but he stopped qait* as faultily lu Urn doorwny. h'or, sitting aide by side on a otnicb exactly onpmihi him won MiM WsterBelA and Uonlop Fersjiusui, The intruder waa too much xtaiigered lo sec very clearly, but be looked Ferguson fall in the face and saw that he waa while and hajrgard. ' Charlie Davidson could not stand the «i(tlit, and bolted out like steam. He managed to And me in the supper-room, and I oould not think what waa tilt row with him. I give bim Mime brandy, which be wanted inAly ; and then he told me what be had Men, and begged me to go and an what I could see. ' Well, Prank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go and inspect a ghost, and 1 hesitated a little. But then I concluded either that they bad been mistaken iu telling us that Ferguson was deat.or else that ChaiUe hud been mistakes In chinking that be bad seen him. Bo I put on s* eats* k faee as I could and made straiifat for the tost. I went in airily and casually, only to find there was nobody there but Miss WsMrldd. She was leaning back on the sofa, with' bur hands behind her head, look ing up at the d«W« light.'' . . ' Didn'tihe sewn upset F' asked Curgenvcn, 'orstartlodj'' ' She looked nothing, as sbe always did,' was the reply. ' There was positively not one sign about her that could tell anybody anything. She looked, if viythln,, a little bored.' 'That Is quits tbe correct expression for a girl to we«,'ofcserved Corgenven, selecting a cigarette I mm I he box on the table, ' when her dead lover h«» returned from the grave to meet her on the anniversary of tbe day she rejected bim. I suppose you catechised her F ' ?' Hy crow- examination was very skilful, for IleduptoitgrtlU?. 1 widl didn't know she was all alone; to which she replied. ?Didn't you : '—which Is a chilling sort of answer, and one at which aha was very gnat, t could not for the Kfsef me go on tossy that I bad been told a ghost was sitting out the supper dances with her. I made some general remark, whleh sbe received with a oolite ? Indeed ! ' diaplaving no interest of any kind ; and then her mother suddenly eame in. Hnr mother is talkative, and an idiot, so I nod, leaving the secret be hind me. ~*'f ? ' I'm bound to nay that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story Inter on in the evenmg when several glasses of chsmpigne io tomnedbeMwn himself and the f.cta. He made out that Berguson's whole demeanour was corpse- like and supernatural, md added a tug gnstioo of a buBeVwoand in his rorehead, im plying sukide. However, other people wen in dined tobe less impressed, and fainted that the Secretary had been sampling tho drinks before ?upper. .Young ilaliburton. when ho was next in London, nude uquirio at Ferguson's club whither Cfcrlte tuti pouted the card forUw B.Bbelors'«sll. The Club porter aaidbehsd h»iard nothing of Fergusson for ecvwsl months, «nd that.l»*adWt no address to which his lettmmigW»Dfornrded. He showed Hsti bwtoo about tSrty letters for Vargnmn, and Baliburton eagsrly searched xbrough them to andCbsriWafariiaUon. But-this was a very (trange feature is it-the invitation to the ball was not among the tetters. Wasn't that curious P' , 'ItwatipdoH. That had evidently found lunaAmawwbenbeyona his Club.' 'Sibrtly after thai remarkable apparition, 3U*l Water&eld; went away from UtHeborougb. lannkSbeweatairoadto leam some species of musfcelinstraamit in Uermany. I brlieve music iabnats her faintly, much more than k-ven or ghostsof lovers. A very wise nun in ti»Club«B«e»sU tfcst if Ferguson were redly Bead toe totosidwM Mtty Waterndd morally goJItjr-oHiisdesai. Cpob which a still wiser \Capfaftu Cwifnwn, coneUend Wickbam's storrw eicdwKW, and it remsinedin ex 