THE CARDINAL AND HIS CRITICS. ? ^ ? HIS EMINENCE TAKES A DOZEN SWORDS ON HIS SHIELD. A SOLID SPEECH AND A SPLENDID DEFENCE. I ?. The Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney, speaking at I the corner-stone foundation at St. Mary's Church, I North. Sydney, on S unday last, said : — I TEE PllOTESTANT BISHOP AND THE BIBLE. I Uefore entering on the special subject on ?which I I 'purpose to address you to-day, I may be permitted I to make some reference to his Lordship Right Rev. 1 Dr. Goe, Protestant Bishop of Melbonrne. In his Synodal a ddress to the clergy on the 23rd of Sep tember, he passed some lengthy strictures on the Encyclical of the Holy Father relative to the Reunion of Christendom, and furthermore he was pleased to introduce my name in his remarks, and to allow me some smalL share m his strictures. it is pleasant to find that on one point at least we are agreed. He states that he has long wished ' that our people in Australia might come to know more of the 16th century.' ' In this sentiment I most fully concur. Nothing is more desirable than that our young Church of Australia would become acquainted with the genuine history of the Refor mation period. In England, so far as the Catholic Church is concerned, history for three centuries may justly be styled a conspiracy against truth. (Applause.) During the past fifty years, however, the publication of State papers and other original ?documents has brought the genuine facts ?within the reach of the general public and nothing is more to be desired than that the authentic history should be known. But his Lordship adds : Our young Australians will learn from this study of history that thanks to the Reformation ' their fore fathers secured those civil and religious liberties \which we enjoy.' I take up the gauntlet which he has flung into the historical arena, and at once join issue with him. I challenge him to give proof of the statement which he has made. (Applause.) His statement indeed is the usual travesty of history which Protestant writers till the present day have presented to the English-speaking world. Far different, however, is the witness of authentic his tory. As a result of the Reformation in England the liberties of the nation were trampled on and the whole well-being of the community was thrown back for fully 200 years. The energy and instinct of the race has risen superior to such obstacles, but, nevertheless, ? it remains unquestionable that so far as the Reformation could reach it aimed a deadly blow at England's free dom and checked for two centuries the pro gress, education, and enlightenment of its people. I am confident that in saying this I am giving ex pression to the unanimous verdict of modern his torical research regarding the Reformation in Eng land. (Applause.) TWO CURIOUS AUTHORITIES. His Lordship appeals to Adam Smith in his '? 'Wealth of Nations' in proof that on the continent of Europe throughout the middle ages the Catholic Church was the great conspirator ' against the authority and security of civil government, as well as against the liberty, the reason, and happiness of mankind.' This appeal to Adam Smith in such an historical question appears to me to be second only to the line of argument pursued by another of my cniLiMs a lew utiys ago in. me puouc press. xnere was question about some Anglican Bishops of the 16th century. The only authority to which he could appeal was an Australian almanac published in 1894\. (Laughter.) Adam Smith may be reckoned by some as an authority on some economical ques tions, but in matters purely historical he counts as nought. The historical studies which have been so zealously pursued on the continent of Europe dur ing the present century have brought into the clear est light the benign influence of the Holy See and the Catholic Church throughout the middle ages. (Applause.) THE POWER OP THE PAPACY. They prove that Rome was the bulwark of orthodoxy, the exterminator of error, the cement of unity, the advocate of peace, the defence of the weak, the promotion of the highest civilization. (Applause.) Hear how its action and influence are sketched by the shrewd Protestant historian, Staudlin : 'The Papacy was productive of many beneficial effects. Faith in a living vicegerant of Christ, in a supreme lawgiver of Christians, in a judge on the faith and morals of the Christian. world, in a subordination of secular interests to spiritual, this faith was to countless souls useful and advantageous, and promoted a reverence for Christianity. The Papacy united in one common bond the different European nations, furthered their mutual intercourse, and became a channel for the communication of the sciences and arts ; and without it the fine arts, doubtless, would not have attained so high a degree of perfection. The Papal power restrained political despotism, and ? from the rude multitude kept off many of the vices of barbarism.' Another no less illustrious Swiss historian, John Von. Muller, also writes: 'The northern nations rushing in upon the most beautiful countries of Europe, trampling under foot or disturbing and convulsing all social institutions, menaced the whole western world with a barbarism similar to that which, under the Ottoman sceptre, has obliterated everything good, great, and beautiful that ancient Greece and Asia had produced. Yet the Bishops- and other digni taries of the Church, strong in their authority, con trived to impose a restraint on those giants of .the north who as regards intelligence were but chil dren.' Then, referring to the Popes, he adds : — ' Whoever refused to honour Christ trembled before the Pope ; and one faith and one church were preserved in Euope amid the breaking up and subdivision of the newly-founded kingdoms into a thousand principalities. We know what Pope made Charlemagne the first Emperor ; but who made the first Pope ? They say the Pope was only a Bishop. But he was at the same time the Holy Father, the Sovereign Pontiff, the great Caliph (as the Mahomedans called him) of all the kingdoms and principalities, of all the lordships ?and cities of the West. It is he who controlled by the fear of God the stormy youth of our modern states. At present, even when his authority is no longer reckoned formidable, he is still very puissant by the benedictions which he showers ; he is still an object of veneration to innumerable hearts, honoured; by the kings who honour the nations, invested with a power before which, in the long - succession of ages, from the Ctcsars to the House 1 of Hapsburg, a host of nations and all their great i names have vanished.' (Applause.) A TRIBUTE TO THE CHURCH. It is only the other day that the French historian Rendee in his ' History of the Jewish Race ' paid the following tribute to the Catholic Church : ' The Church advances across the path of centuries firm, immovable, in the midst of revolutions, of dis orders in the universe. Emperors and Kings fall from their thrones, human dignities lose their brilliancy, ranks become confounded, the order of society is troubled, and, nevertheless, the great community of Christians rests as one family on the bosom of the Catholic Church. Amongst nations, to a fallen dynasty succeeds another dynasty ; Roman power will crumble away to give place to the rule of barbarians ; Rome herself will becrne the prey of usurpersand strangers ; and dur ing all the tumult of human things the Church, as the ark on the diluvian waters, rests secure, and surrounded by the respect and the submission of the faithful. Surely there is no spectacle more marvel lous in this world than the indestructibility, of the Divine work, in the midst of the ruin of human things — than that invariable regularity in the midst of all the disorders of society and the overthrow of empires.' BURNING THE BIBLES. Dr. Goe would also make us believe that the Catholic Church was the enemy of the Bible, and he asks: 'How came it to pass that in the 16th century she made a bonfire of all the Bibles she could find ? ' I will only say in reply that this is a mere calumny against the Catholic Church, and it would be difficult to devise a more vile misrepresen tation of her action in regard to the Sacred Scrip ture. I need not enter into this subject, as I have already discussed it at some length. The Church in the 16th centuiy, as in the preceding ages, untir ingly and perseveringly directed her efforts to pre serve in all its purity the genuine text of the Scripture, and to make its blessings accessible to the faithful in accurate and authentic translations. The aim of the first Reformers was quite the reverse. They did not hesitate when an occasion arose to corrupt the text, and to falsify the translations of the Bible which they put into the hands of their deluded followers. Inowpartforthepresent with the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne. That city has sometimes been styled marvellous Melbourne. It is, indeed, marvellous in many ways, but there is one aspeet under which it has proved itself to be remarkably so during the past montlvs. So far as its Protestant dignitaries are concerned it is truly mar vellous in the virulence of its hostility to the Ca tholic Church, and in its persistent efforts to sub stitute the vilest calumnies instead of the voice of genuine history in her regard. Once more in this youngest of the Churches of Christendom the Re leemer's words regarding His Church are fulfilled, ;hat men would think they do God a service ' by calumniating her and saying all manner of evil igainst her falsely.' (Hear, hear.) UNITY OP THE CHURCH. The special purpose of my address to-day is to affer some remarks on those criticisms of my lec ture which refer to the unity of the Catholic Church. This unity of Holy Church is so perfect, so complete, as to win the admiration even of those who are most hostile to her. It is a feature of the Church of Our Divine Lord most clearly traced for us in the Sacred Scripture. The Redeemer poured forth the most solemn prayer ; ' Father, keep them in Thy name, whom Thou has given me, that they may be one as we also are. And not for them only do I pray, but for those also who through their word shall believe in Me ; that they all may be one, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent me.' (John xvii.). Thus it is His decree that all the faithful should be linked together in the closest bonds of unity, and that this very unity would be an abiding proof of .His divine mission from the Father. The apostle repeatedly dwells upon this gift of God. His epistle to the Ephesians in par ticular may justly be styled the gospel of the Church's unity, so repeatedly does he dwell upon the various details and manifold perfection of this gift of God. In chapter the fourth he reveals one special purpose for which it was divinely given us, that we ' be not tossed to and fro and carried away by every wind of doctrine in the wickedness of men, in the craftiness by which they lie in wait to deceive. So also from very early times we find m the Creed the profession of faith : 'I believe in one holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church.' These words were not a mere historic statement in reference to her past and present life. They were an attestation that these essential attributes of the Church Avould be her distinguishing features till the end of time. Hear how the early Fathers voiced this invincible, ever-unchanging character of the Church. St. Alexander, of Alexandria, in the beginning of the 4th century, writes — 'We confess one and one only Catholic and Apostolic Church, never to be de stroyed, though the whole world should wage war against it.' St. Athanasius declares — 'The word is faithful, the promise is unshaken, and the Church is invincible, though the gates of hell should come against her, though hell itself and the rulers of the darkness of the world therein be set in motion.' And St. Ambrose — ' The Church no doubt has her change of seasons, seasons of persecution and of peace. Like tho moon she seems to wane and fail, but yet lives on ; clouds may overshadow her but she cannot die.' St. Chrysostom asks triumph antly, 'How many tyrants have laboured to de stroy the Church ? Reckon up their fiery furnaces, their raging beasts, and their whetted swords. Where are they now? They have failed ; they are given over to silence and forgetfulness. Where is the Church ? Living still ; she outlives the very sun in splendour. They and theirs have perished ; she is immortal.' No Icbs beautifully St. Augus tine writes — ' This is the holy Church, the one Church, the true Church, the Catholic Church, ? which wars against all heresies. They may battle against her, she cannot be overcome. All heresies went out from her like useleGs branches cut off from the vine. But she remains in her root, in her vine, in her charity. The gates of hell shall not conquer her.' (Dc Symbolo, serm. 1., cap. G). THE BISHOP OF GOUMUltN', The Protestant Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Chal mers, admits indeed that ineffable advantages would accrue to the world from the unity of the Church, but looking to his own Anglican communion he cannot find there a single shred of such unity, and hence he contends that unity is impossible. The Redeemer prayed for unity, he nays, but this is not a promise that the Church would be one. I do not know how his Lordship may expect to reconcile such a theory with the divinity of our Blessed Lord. He who prayed is true man like unto us, and hence He prayed to enhance our merit and to be a model to us, but he is at the same time true God, and His prayer cannot but be heard. ' Thou always nearest me,' are His own divine Avords addressed to the Father. The prayer for the unity of the Church offered in the solemn moments that preceded the sacred passion is not only a pledge and promise of uuity, but it further intimates that such unity is a priceless heritage, a heavenly gift, the outpouring of an infinite love and mercy. It was to give effect to that prayer for unity that our Saviour after the Resurrection gathered the chosen dis ciples around Him on the beach of the Sea of Galilee, and choosing Peter from among the rest addressed to him the memor able words, ' Feed my lambs, feed my sheep,' that is to say : Be thou the visible shepherd of my whole flock ; let all be obedient to thy spiritual rule. The Holy Ghost on the first Christian Pentecost came to abide in the Church thus per fected in unity, and thenceforward the mystical body of Christ, which is His Church, can no mere be divided or cease to be one than Christ Himself. This unity it is that makes the Church invincible. It is her aureola of glory. It links the faithful of to-day with the Apostles and glorious martyrs and all the great saints of every age. a It binds into one the Church that pursues the paths of trial and pilgrimage here below with the Church that exults triumphant before God's throne in Paradise. (Applause.) His Lordship adds : As a matter of fact the unity of the Church was broken when the Greeks went into schism and countless souls were torn away from the communion of the See of St. Peter. Here again his Lordship's theology in at fault. It was foretold by the Redeemer that heresies and schisms would arise. In the nature of things, gifted as man is with free will, pride and passion would rise in revolt against God's Church. The Greeks went into schism in search of liberty and pride of place. They have found instead for a thousand years degradation and bondage. Schism does not in any way destroy the Church's unity. You cut a diseased branch from, the living tree. The tree does not cease to exist ; on the contrary, it,s beauty and fruitfulness are the more enhanced. Ivlen may war against the Ten Com mandments, but that will not set aside these divine precepts. We need no better proof of the divine vitality of the Catholic Church than the fact that throughout the course of centuries amid all the assaults of heresy, of false science, and of schism, she has never ceased to cast forth from her commu nion every form of error that would seek to corrupt the deposit of the sacred truth confided to her. No matter how powerful the sovereign maybe, or how soever prized the people, the Catholic Church will sacrifice evervthinsc sooner than allow a single par ticle of the heavenly doctrines of morality and divine faith to be imperilled. CALM AND UNMOVED. Here another remark must be made. The Catholic Church, no matter what enemies may assail her, rests calm and unmoved, conscious of her divine mis sion, quickened as she is by a divine life and guarded by a divine power. With a confidence that no efforts of demons or of wicked men can overcome, she relies on the promise of Christ that He would remain with her all days, even to the consummation of the world (Matth. xxvii., 20) ; that against her, founded on the rock of Peter, the gates of hell would never prevail (Matth. xvi., 18) ; that the Paraclete, the Spirit of all Truth, would abide with her for ever and teach her all truth (John xiv., 16). The Church created by Our Blessed Lord can not cease to enjoy the assistance thus promised her, she can never fall away from the truth ; not merely in the days of the Apostlen, and not merely in the first six centuries, but at all times and till the end of time, she is the 'pillar and ground of truth.' (I. Tim. ill., 15). The Fathers have never ceased to attest this distinctive feature of the Church. They proclaim that hers is the tradition of the Apostles, and the possession of tiuth. Never can it be said, writes Tertullian, that any teaching of divine truth was falsified by her till some reformer came to her aid. St. Cyprian and several other Fathers repeat that she is inundated with the light of God, and pours forth her rays over the whole sur face of the earth ; she is the bride of the Lord, ever pure and inviolate ; she is guided by God, and is unconquerable ; it is easier for the sun to become extinct than for the Church to cease to impart the lessons of divine truth to roan. (Applause.) ADDITIONS TO ANCIENT CREEDS. A difficulty which many of my critics have insisted on may now easily be explained. Addi tions, they say, have from time to time been made to the ancient creeds, and all these additions may be said to be compendiated in the creed of Pope Pius the IV. which since the Council of Trent in the 16thT century has been regarded as the standard of faith in the Catholic Church. The answer I say is plain. The Church is not a lifeless or stereotyped phantom, but a living reality per petuating Christ's presence and Christ's voice upon earth. The Holy Ghost did not take His departure fram the Church after the Council of Chalcedon in the fifth century. No : He abides in Holy Church for all time and teaches all truth. It is the mis sion of the Church to condemn the heretics that may arise f i om time to time, and to set her seal upon the divine truths that are assailed by them. The truths which she thus confirms are embodied in her decrees and become part of the Church's creed. ' When heresies assailed her teaching in the fourth century* her bishops assembled in Council and condemned their errors, and thus the Nicean Creed has come down to us. By the same authority other heresies were condemned in the 12th, in the 14th, in the 16th century. The infallible authority of the Church is for all days, even to thii end of time. From the assaults of erareie each religious truth that is combated becomes more clear* more definite. New light, new evidence is add'ed to it- and it is presented to the i'aithful, not only in its fulness and integrity, but also in Ito k&tmony; with the other teachings of faith. Thus it is, as St. Gregory the Great has written ; ' The more the ?world draws riear to its end the more lavishly will the stores v-f eternal science be opened unto us.' AProtesliaiit writer not long ago in a paper entitled Is hfp, worth living r' regards this feature Of the Oathr,ii0 Church as characteristic and divine. 'Her doctrines as she one by one unfolds them emeirre urjOn us like the petals of a half-closed budv They 'are not added arbitrarily ftorn without, but are developed from within. 'When she formulates h*. these days something that has not been formulated before, she is no more enunciating a new tfuth. than was Newton when he enunciated tile theory of gravitation. (Applause.) WhaSoVGr truths, hitherto hidden, she may in the coUVBe of time grow con scious of, she holds that these were always implied m her teaching. But the picture c£ the Church thus far is only faUf drawn. She is all this, but she is something vnore than this. She is not only the parliament o£ spiritual man, but she is such a par liament glided by the Spirit of God. The work of that Sp/a-it may be secret, and to the natural eye untra-jeable, as the work of human will is in the hun?.an. brain, But none the less it is there. A TRUE VIEW OF CATHOLICISM. 'If we would obtain a true view of Catholicism, we must begin by making a clean sweep of all the views that, as outsiders, we had been taught to entertain about her. 'We must learn to conceive her as a living, spiritual body, as infallible and as authoritative, now as she ever was, with her eyes ?undimmed and her strength unabated, and the new dogmas that she may from time to time enunciate, we must learn to see are, from her standpoint, signs of life and not signs of corruption.' Many of my theological critics have found a special difficulty in the two definitions of doctrines 'of faith which mark this 19th century of ours, the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin, and the Infallibility of the Pope as authoritative h'ead and teacher of the Catholic Church. How, they ask, can this be reconciled with the unity of the faith ? But those reverend gentlemen should bear in mind that the 'definition Of a doctrine only adds the seal of the Church's authority to a tenet which has always formed part of the deposit of divine truth. Such tenets are like the gold which, no matter how pure and perfect it may be, cannot become tb/e current coin of the kingdom till it receives the impress of the sovereign. Many persor.s appear to be quite at aea regarding the diligent care with which the Church proceeds in denning a doctrine of faith. Take for instance the 'doctrine of the Immaculate Conception. Six years before it was denned a circular was addressed by the Sovereign Pontiff to all the Bishops of the Catholic world in the East and in the West request ing them to sot forth the tradition of their respec tive dioceses regarding the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin. Letters of similar import were sent to the heads of the Universities and Colleges and the Superiors of the various religious orders. More than 800 answers were received which were subse quently published in about 40 thick volumes. It was found that pastors and people were practically unanimous in their desire that this long-cherished doctrine of faith would be solemnly defined. (Ap plause.) At the invitation of the Pope, no fewer than. 300 bishops proceeded to Home. The Ponti fical Bull of definition was submitted to them, and teach sentence and each word examined in detail. At length on the 8th of December, 1854, in St. Peter's Church, in the presence of the assembled bishops and 1000 priests and 40,000 of the faithful who had come from all parts of Italy and Spain and France and Germany and other countries, the Holy Father solemnly promulgated the decree sanction ing as a dogma of faith the doctrine ahvays believed in the Church that the Blessed Virgin by a special privilege of her divine Son was exempt from the stain of original sin. Seldom was a scene more salemn witnessed in the Christian world than when on the promulgation of the decree, the Te Deum intoned by Pius IX. and caught up by more than 40,000 voices reechoed through the aisles and won drous dome of St. Peter's. THE BIBLE THE SUPREME AUTHORITY. ' 11 1'. +.Vl QTO ?1TP r\f.Tl or nvitinc T»rV- r\ tifttir r»T qitm nffnti - tion. Dr. Saumarez Smith, the worthy Protestant Primate, in his Synodal address a few days ago, ap pears to think that if the Bible were allowed to be the supreme authoritative tribunal to decide the vari ous religious controversies that might arise, all Pro testants would return to the one fold. Will the Ca tholic Church, he says, ' ' allow them to have the Holy Scriptures for arbiter in religious questions instead of the Pope r' But here it may be asked: Do not Protestants look to the Bible as the source of their doctrine and belief ? Now, nowhere in the Sacred Writ will they find that the office of the supreme arbiter in religious matters is assigned to the Bible, To assign such an office to the Bible is a mere assumption of Protestantism, put forward as a flimsy pretext to justify in some manner their revolt against the authority of Holy Church. We are asked to give the Sacred Scriptures as the arbiter in the controversies that may arise ; but the Catholic Church can recognize no supreme arbiter save such as was given by our Blessed Lord. We contend that the Church in its divine constitution as it came ? from the Redeemer's hands must continue till the end of time. For many a long day after the institution of Holy Church, the Gospels were not written. (Hear, hear. ) Two generations of fervent Christians had finished their pilgrimage and won their eternal crowns before St. John wrote his ' inspired narrative. Without any scriptures, as St. Iremuus attests, the teaching of Christ was written on the hearts of many nations. Taking the sacred (scripture for our guide, we must look to St. Peter as the arbiter should any controversies arise. He has received the keys of the Kingdom and thus is in vested with the supreme spiritual authority ; he is the chief pastor commissioned to feed the lambs and the sheep, that is, to administer the whole flock of Christ ; and he receives the special commission to cbnfirm his brethren and to guard them against the wiles of Satan. Hence it is that he and he alone is looked to' by the Catholic Church as the supreme authoritative tribunal, whose judgment sets all con trqversy at rest and whose voice the faithful are bound to obey. May we not appeal to the witness of experience to test what the result would be ?were the Bible to be given in accordance with the Primate's -wishes as the arbiter in; the religious disputes that might arise. The Sacred Scripture was set Up $00 years agd by the Y&rt;'ous Protestant sects in Germany as such a High and Supreme tribunal from which there could be nb appeal. Has it stood the test of time t1 ' If this work be of nlen, it will come to nought, but. if it be ?of God) ye cannot overthrow it;'' Prom the very first it proved to be a failure. One of Calvin's leading disciples writing to fieza tSlJ.8 itS sad reli gious results in their communion. ' Our people,' Irs says, ' are carried away by every wind of doc trine. You may know what their religion is to-day but yo*i cannot tell what it shall be on to-morrow.'' (Epp. Bezae.) Is not this the vel'y result against which the apoBtle forewarned the faithfulj and to guard against Which the Church was invested with supfetie authority by its divine Founder? Let Luther tell the result among Wit own immediate followers : 'This one will not hear of Baptism, that one denies the G&fefament; Of the altar ; some teach that Gluisfe Is not God, some say one thirig- some ap.cth&r; ; there are almost as many secits and Greeds fits there are heads. No bump'kin is so rude, but when he has dreams and fancies, he thinks himself inspired by the Holy Ghost and must be a prophet.' Has not this use of the Bible led to the same unhappy result in England? Do we not see con tinual changes of opinion regarding the doctrines of divine faith and countless sects every day multiply ing Avithm the Anglican Church ? The first Refor mers itt. England changed their creed just as they changed their garments. The articles imposed upon the Anglican clergy by Henry VIII. are as different from Q.ueen Elizabeth's thirty-nine articles as chalk is from cheese. Cranmer, the first Protestant Archbishop of Canterbury* is reported to have changed his religion seventeen times. A humourist journal suggested not long ago that in honour of this first Anglican prelate the aee instead of being called Canterbury should be known as Recanterbury. (Laughter.) There are at present no fewer than 700 sects in England, all appealing to the Scripture and all claiming to be the legitimate offspring of the Reformation. NO RESPECT FOR AUTHORITY IN ANGLICANISM. Fifty years ago the Protestant Bishop Mount, in his Bampton Lectures, lamented the want of respect for authority in the Anglican Church. ' Men despise (he .saye) all ecclesiastical subordination and discipline, all unity of mind and judgment, and adhere to such practices and opinions as are right in their own eyes, or rather such as are agreeable to their own inclination and conceit.' At the Religi ous Conference held in Birmingham in 1893, one of the Protestant Archbishops, Dr. Plunkett, declared that 'the differences that existed between them and the Nonconformists were less than those that existed among themselves.' A few weeks ago the Anglican Bishop of Argyll, in his Charge to the Synod of his Diocese, lamented particularly their dimensions in regard to the Blessed Eucharist. We cannot expect, he said, ' the Church of Rome to regard otherwise than with just condemnation much that we have to deplore on our side — our worldliness, our want of discipline, our uncertain and often con tradictory teaching withregardto the Blessed Sacra ment, and that consequent degradation of the Holy Eucharist from its ancient and rightful place as the great act of Christian worship which has been till lately such a deplorable peculiarity of Anglican worship.' An acute German writer has faithfully sketched the growth of religious error, the logical result of the principle which Dr. Saumarez Smith would advocate. ' It is a very sloping path (he thus writes) on which religious bodies have in this respect gone down. First the Byzantines cried out : We shall have only patri archs, but no Pope, no head of patriarchs. Then came the Anglican Church and said : We shall have neither Pope nor patriarchs, but merely Bishops. The Protestants of the Continent on. their part declared: We shall have no Bishop?, but merely pastors, and over them the princes of the land. Later came forward new Protestant sects in England and other coun tries with the declaration : We need no pastors, but only preachers. At last came the Quakers or Friends and several new religious sects who made the discovery that even preachers are an evil, and that each one must be his own prophet, preacher, and priest. How to advance a step farther below has hitherto baffled all attempts ; yet in the United States, it would appear, a solution of the difficulty is already sought for.1' Need I add that at the present day in the ranks of the Anglican Church as in the various sects of Protestantism on the Continent of Europe and in the United States, the principles of High Criticism and withal an indifference to supernatural religion and infidelity rule supreme. THE PRESBYTERIAN AND INFALLIBILITY. The ex-Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, Rev. George M'Innes, in a published letter declares that the Infallibility of the Pope is the one point to be insisted xipon. Let this be proved, he says, and ' we will all join the Church of Rome.' This is all well so far. I beg to assure our worthy Presby terian friends that they will be mos-; welcome when they come to join the Church, and none will be more welcome than the ex-Moderator. (Applause.) But then he adds, that in order to be convinced of the Pope's infallibility the following points must be made quite clear to him: — '1st: That St. Peter, lived in Rome ; 2nd, that St. Peter was Bishop of'. Rome ; 3rd, that there has been a perpetual un broken line of Bishops of Rome from Sli. Peter to Leo XIII. ; 4th, that Our Lord gave St. Peter pri macy of jurisdiction over the whole Church and ap pointed him Vicar of Christ on earth; 5th, that Christ made St. Peter inerrant when denning doc trines of faith and moral law ; 6th, that Christ ordained that Peter should have successors in his primacy; 7th, that the Bishops of Rome- were His successors in this primacy and inerrancy.' I have given the very words of the ex-Moderator that there may be no misunderstanding as to the many de tails of the programme which he would require to be very plainly set forth before he would be willing to accept the doctrine of the Papal infallibility. To say the least of it, however, it appears to be a very circuitous way for coming to such a con clusion. The whole manner of reasoning which he suggests reminds me of the traveller who whilst the sun was shining in meridian splendour closed his eyes and said to his companion, I will believe that I can see the sun if you prove to me that there is such a thing as a sun, and that the sun shines, and that there is light, that there are objects to be seen in the light, and that I have eyes to see, and so forth. His companion replied that all these things were quite true indeed, but that it would be somewhat tedious to prove them all. A much shorter method to enable him lo arrive at the — . . - wished-for conclusion would be for him to open his1 eyes. (Laughter and applause.) It is even so that all thoae matter's se'c forfcll in sue'h detail by the ex Moderator may lie sgeft nrid3fi fully proved in Catholic works, but it will be found a much shorter method of reasoning to invoke the testimony of the Catholic Church. (Applause.) Hers is the guaran tee front the Divine Redeemer that in the teaching of truth and the fulfilment of the commission given to her, she shall not err nor lead others into error, and that this may be attained ahe is unceasingly assisted, protected' and guided by the Holy Ghoat. What St. IrenEB'us taugkt in the second century holds no less true to-day. ' Through the Church (he says) is the one changeless way of salvation made manifest to the world.' THE POP'S SPEAKS EX CATHEDRA. Now, it is. the teaching of the Catholic Church that the Pope is heir of St. Peter's privilege alnd that when in the exercise of his supreme spiritual authority he dx edtkedfet defines a doctrine of faith to be believed by all tho faithful lie cannot lead them into error. It must be borne in mind that it is the same authoritative voice of the Church which gives us the Sacred Scripture as divinely inspired and which proposes to us the doctrine of the infal libility of the Head of the Church. It is quite illo gical on the part of our Protestant friends to accept one of these truths and to reject the other. (Applause.) There is no questioning the funda mental principle of the Catholic faith, that Christ is ever present to His Church, as truly present as ?when He announced the words of life to the dis ciples in Jerusalem and Galilee. Through her words it is He Who teaches us and hence we accept her teaching as divine. Never was her voice more authoritative, and never did it find a more respon sive echo throughout Christendom than when at the Council of Florence it defined that the Pope is invested with the supremacy of authority and juris diction over the whole Church, and when in the Vatican Council it declared him to be heir of the inerrancy of St. Peter, through the institution of Our Blessed Lord. A CiONGRE&AT;*IONALIST J?iREfiRAND\ It is with difficulty that I bring myself to notice the criticisms^ of the Rev. Tremayne Dunstan. (Hear, hear.) His tirades' against the Catholic Church are so reckless and so illogical and so plainly refuted in every handbook of Catholic theology, tha't it may seem to rekill the slain to refer to them. (Applause.) The only novel argument which he presents is as follows ; ' It is declared by Cardinal Bellarmine, than who en was no greater authority, that if the Pope ordered a man to commit a sin, the act so committed becomes an act of holiness.' He takes care, ho vv ever, to give no reference for these words. It happens that Bellarmine is a favourite author of mine, and I am able distinctly and confi dently to say that in the writings of Cardinal Bellar mine no such sentiment will be found as that here imputed to him. (Applause.) In one passage, indeed, somewhat similar words may be seen, but they are given as a specimen of an absurd proposi tion, to show how false the Protestant principle is from which such an absurdity would follow. May I not add that weak indeed must be the Protestant cause that rests for its support on such a fabrication of texts as is this here presented by the Rev. Mr. Dunstan? (Applause.) THE TEN COMMANDMENTS. : He again contends, but by a mere perversion of truth, that the Catholic Church has cancelled one of the Ten Commandments. It is quite true that the division of the Commandments in the Anglic^ Church is different from that which is proposed by the Catholic Church. At the period of the Refor mation the Anglicans, following in the footsteps of Calvin, divided the first Commandment into two, whilst it blended into one the 9th and 10th Com mandments. The Catholic Chuach has retained the: ancient distribution of the Commandments . which down to the Reformation period was generally accepted throughout the Western Church. It would be out of place to enter here into any lengthened dis cussion on this matter. Suffice it to say that, the division of the Commandments as set forth in the Catholic catechism was taught by Clement of Alex andria in the 3rd century, and by St. Augustine in the 5th. The Anglican division is contrary to the old Hebrew Text, as well as theMasora, the most venerable record of Jewish tradition, and to the opinion of some of the ablest Jewish writers. (Applause.) It is no less contrary to the teach ing of the Church in England during the pre-Reformation period, for we find the Com mandments in accordance with the Catholic arrangement set forth in King Alfred's laws, in the ' Speculum' of St. Edmund of Canter bury in the 13th century, and in other works pub lished by the Early English Text Society. No less an authority than Paley, in his sermon on Exodus xx., 5, lays down that the first and second com mandments as set forth in the Anglican Catechism are in reality only one commandment, and he adds that ' for many ages and by many churches they were put together and considered as one command ment.' The Speaker's Bible Commentary also con fesses that the Roman Catholic division of the com mandments was that in use 'by the Church in Britain before the Reformation.'' UNITY OF FAITH, AUTHORITY, AND WORSHIP. It is time, however, that I would bring these desultory remarks to a close. I have dwelt parti cularly to-day on the sublime unity of authority and faith 'and worship, which is a gift truly divine and ' a distinctive feature of the Church founded by Our Blessed Lord. Various sects from time to time have endeavoured but in vain to build up something like to it. Men of energy and genius may dress up as they please a phantom of religious unity, but they cannot impart to it' reality and life. They may choose the rarest plant that this earth can yield and they may adorn it with the fairest llowers and clothe it with the richest fruit that wealth can purchase, but it will never be the tree of. life which the Re deeniai's hand has planted and which alone yields the blossoms and fruits of truth and heavenly peace and every divine blessing. (Applause.) THE CHURCH AND HER MISSION. Has the Church been faithful to the, mission which, she re c jived ? The witness of history attests that for 1800 years she has stood before the world the witness and the teacher of the truth. Never one ?. during the course of centuries has her voice faltered ' or her testimony varied. No power of earch has ©verawpd her. No sophisms of error have ? deceive! her. No assaults from within or from, without have ever made her waver. No '. emergencies but have found her equal to B them. All things have changed around her ; she ? alone remain's in her full vigour and comeliness j ? as she cameffoni the Redeemer's hands. . (Ap- '? H p'lause.) Calm ; iri the consciousness of her divine ? mission, as one whose eyes are ever gazing on 9 eternal things and whose ears are ever open to the I harmonies of Heaven', she has never ceased to 9 ' preach the Avord, being instant in season and out 9 of season, reproving, entreating, rebuking in all 9 patience and doctrine ' (2 Tim., i.v.). (Applause.) 9 From her lips words of truth have ever flowed. No one has sought guidance from her in vain. (Ap plause.) No one following her has gone astray. (Applause.) Through her marvellous unity of spiritual authority and faith and worship a Catholic feels at home go where he will, come whence he may, no matter what his age or education or condi tion of life may be. (Applause.) To all her chil dren she is a loving mother, who nourishes each one according to his need with the food of life. At her bosom the child and the philosopher, the peasant and the statesman, the lowliest aboriginal and the man of highest education, the fervent maiden and the deeply fallen sinner, can find strength and consolation such ' as each individu ally needs to be abundantly satisfied. (Applause.) From the infinite variety of her treasures she dispenses to all the same riches ; she teaches each one in the language of his own heart, and yet iinparts- to all the same words of life ; she conducts each one by his own way and yet leads all to one faith, on© hope, on.e salvation. (Loud and prolonged applause.) , 