NOVlCL. WAMGfPERIL. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING,- CHAPTER IX. — (Continued.) ' Exactly ! that's in case she broke loose, as you say ; but even when in the shafts, 'as she is now, between the levees, how long would it take to sweep nfellow-from here out into the gulf, providing nothing interposed to stop mm r 'Matter of simple mathematical calcula tion,' said Ferry, practically. 'They say it's an eight-mile current easy out there in the middle where she's booming. Look at that barrel scooting down yonder. Now, I'd lay a fiver I could cut loose from here at reveille and shoot the passeslbefore taps and never pull a stroke. It's less than, eighty miles down to the forts.' - ' Well, then, a skiff like that old Anatole's blaspheming about losing wouldn't take very long to ride over that route, would it ?' said Kinsey, reflectively. 'No, not if allowed to/slide. But some- body'd be sure to put out and haul it in as a prize, — flotsam and what-you-may-call-'em. You see these old niggers all along here with their skiffs tacking on to every bit of drift wood that's worth having.' 'But, Ferry, do you think they'd venture out in such a storm as Sunday last ?— think anything could live in it short of a decked Bhip ?' ' No, probably not. Certainly not Anatole's boat.' ' Well, that's just what I'm afraid of, and what Cram and Reynolds dread.' 'Do they? Well, so far as that storm's concerned, it would have blown it down stream until it. camo to the big bend below here to the east. Then, by rights, it ought to have blown against the left bank. But every inch of it has been scouted all the way to quarantine. The wholo river was filled with drift, though, and it might have been wedged in a lot of logs and swept out any how. Splendid ship, that ! Who is she, do yon suppose V The great black hull with its lofty tracery of masts and spars was now just about opposite the barracks, slowly and majesti cally ascending the stream. ' One or thuse big British freight steamers that moor there below the French Market, I reckon. They seldom come up at night unless it's in the full of the moon, and even then move with the utmost caution. See, slowing up now.' 'Hello! Listen! What's that ?' ex claimed Ferry, starting to his feet. A distant, muffled erv. A distant shot. The sentry at the sally-port dashed through the echoing vault, then bang ! came tbe loud roar of his piece, followed by the yell of — ' Fire ! fire ! The guard ! ' : : With one spring Ferry was down the levee' and darted like a deer across the road, Kinsey lumbering heavily after. Even as he sped through the stone-flagged way, the hoarse roar of the drum at the guard -honse, fol lowed instantly by the blare of the bugle from the battery quarters, sounded tbe stir ring alarm. A shrill, agonized female voice was madly screaming for help. Guards and sentries were rushing to the scene, and flames were bursting from the front window of Doyle's quarters. Swift though Ferry ran, others were closer to the spot. Half a dozen active young soldiers, members of the in fantry guard, had sprung to the rescue. When Ferry dashed up to the gallery he was just in time ro stumble over a writhing and prostrate foim, to help extinguish the blazing clothing of another, to seize his water-bneket and douse its contents over a third, — one yelling, the others stupefied by smoke — or something. In less time than it takes tell it, daring fellows had ripped down the blazing shades and shutters, tossed them to tbe parade beneath, dumped aheap of soaked and smoking bedding out of the rear windows, splashed a few bueketfuls of water about the reeking room, and the fire was out. But the doctors were working 'In'1' bcs" kring back the spark of life to two senseless form-, and to still tbe shrieks of agony that burst from the seared and blis- lips of Bridget Doyle. /bile willing hands bore these scorched semblances of humanity, to neighboring ri_"ld tender-hearted, women hurried to add their minietering touch, and old Braxton ordered the excited garrison back to quarters p bed, he, with Cram and Kinsey and i er:Ti made prompt examination of the I premises. On the table two whiskey-bottles, one empty, one nearly full, that Dr. Potts edared were not there when he left at one. a the maniel a phial of chloroform, which as also not there before. But a towel soaked with the stiflins" contents lay on the /.or, Y Jim's rude pallet, and a handker- i , . bait soaked, half consumed, was on the j air which had stood by the bedside among , - e fragments of an overturned kerosene j i ffidok examination ef- the patients j « owed thut Jim, the negro, had been chloro- ' Tift aa< 7ra"s 71 burned at all, that ;| : ,v.ea8 merely burned and had probably p-, ,a - fjamRa, and that the woman was ii ,"«» drink, - terror,' and burns com- t me ' w.0? two or three % Ori'M ''Cr ''''finance of powerful opiates to f iiu',-! ' Taxed with negligence or com- ;! pj y ou "e pert of the sentry, the sergeant J „ i !e >-rnard repudiated the idea, and assured ' for o16 aaJn that it was an easy matter ' „ ono- to get either in or out of the '! 'Td !C?Qi Y'thout encountering the sentry, ovVf +i : k'.8 lantern, led the way ' in -p kospital grounds, by a wind- .jv. toot- pith among the trees to ,i v P tat m the high white pioket fence where twoslats had been shoved aside.- Any one i coming along the street without could pass far beyond the ken of tho sentry at tbe west gate,, end slip in with the utmost ease, and once inside, all that was necessary was to dodge possible reliefs and patrols. No sentry was posted at tho gate through tbe wall that separated the garrison proper from the hos pital grounds. Asked why he bad not re ported 'this, the sergeant 'smiled and said there were a dozen others just as convenient, so what was the use? 'He did not say, how ever, that he and his fellows had recourse to them night after night. It was three o'clock when the officers' families fairly got Bettled down again and back to their beds, and tbe silence ' of night once more reigned over Jackson Barracks. Ono would suppose that such a scene of ter ror and excitement was enough, ' and that now th.e trembling, frightened women might be allowed to sleep in peace ; but it was not to he. Hardly had one of their number cjosed eyes, hardly bad all the flickering lights, save those at the hospital and guard house, been downed again, when the strained nerves of the occupants of the officers' quad rangle were jumped into mad jangling once more and all the ' barracks aroused a second time, and this, too, by a woman's shriek of horror. Mrs. Conroy, a delicate, fragilo little body, wife of a junior lieutenant of infantry oc cupying a set of quartors in the same build ing: with, but a the opuosite end from, Pierce and Waring, was found lying senseless at the head of the gallery stairs. When revived, amid tears and tremblings and incoherent exclamations she declared that she had gone down to the big ice-chest on the ground floor to get some milk for her nervous and frightened child and was hurry ing up the stairs again, — tho only means of communication between the first and second floors, — when, face to face, in front of his door, she camo upon Mr. Waring, or his ghost ; that his eyes were fixed and glassy ; that he did not seem to see her when he spoke for speak he did. His voice sounded like a moan of anguish, she said, but'the words were distinct : ' Where is my knife ? Who has taken iny knife ?' And then little Pierce, who had helped to raise and carry the stricken woman -;to her room, suddenly darted out on the gallery and ran along to the door be had closed four hours earlier. It was open. ' Strik-. ing a match, he hurried though' into the chamber beyond, and there, face downward upon the bed, lay his friend and comrade Waring, moaning. like oneAin the delirium. of fever, v. ' . v. ; CHAPTER X, v'-V Lieutenant Reynolds was seated at .his desk at department head-qnartera : about nine o'clock that morning when an orderly in light- battery dress dismounted at the banquette and came up the stairs three at a jump. ' Captain Cram's compliments, sir, and this is immediate,' he reported, as he held forth a note. Reynolds tore it open, read it through, then- said, 'Go and fetch me . a cab quick as you can,' and dis appeared in the general's room. .Half an hour later he was spinning down the levee towards the French Market, and before ten o'clock was seated in the captain's cabin of tbe big British steamer Ambassador," which bad arrived at her.- moorings during the night. Cram and Kinsey were ' already there, and to them the skipper was telling his story. Off the T'ortugas, just about as they had shaped their course for the Belize, they were hailed by the steamer Tampa, bound from New Orleans to Havana. The sea was calm and the boat put off from the Tampa and came alongside, and presently a gentleman was assisted on hoard. He seemed weak from illness, but explained that he was Lieutenant Waring, of tbe United :States v Artillery, had been accidentally carried off to sea, and the Ambassador was the first in- ward-bound ship they had sighted since crossing the bar. He would be most tbauk- fnl for a passage back to New Orleans. Cap tain Baird had welcomed bim with the heartr iness of a British tar, and iuado. him at home in his cabin. Tho lieutenant was evidently far from well, and seemed somewhat dazed and mentally distressed. . He had given no account of his mishap other than that told him by tbe officers of the Tampa, which bad laid to when overtaken by tbe gale on Saturday night, and on Sunday morning when they resumed their course downstream they overhauled a light slriff and were surprised to find a man aboard, drenched and senseless. ' The left side of his face was badly bruised and discolored, . even when he cams to us,' said Baird, 'and he inusr have been slugged and robbed, for bis watch, his seal ring, and what little money he had were all gone.' The second officer of -the Taiupa had fitted him out with a clean: shirt, and the steward dried his clothing as best he could, bat the coat was stained and clotted with blood. Mr. Waring had slept heavily much of the way back" vintil they passed Pilot Town: Then he was up and dressed Thursday afternoon, and seemingly in better spirits, when he picked- up a copy of the New Orleans Picayune which the pilot had left aboard, and was reading that, when suddenly he started to his feet with an ex clamation of amaze, and, when the captaiu turned to see what was the matter, W aring was ghastly pale and fearfully excited over something he had read. He hid the paper under his coat and sprang up on deck and paced nervously to and fro for hours, and began' to srowso ill, apparently that Captain Baird was much worried. At night he begged to be put ashore at the barracks in stead of goiug on up to town, and Baird bad become so troubled about him that he sent his second officer in' a gig with him, landed him on the levee opposite the sally-port, and there, thanking them heartily, but declining further assistance, Waring had hurriet? through the entrance into the barrack square. Mr. Royce, the second officer, said there was considerable excitement, beating of -drums and sounding of bugles, at tbe post, as tbey rowed towards the shore. He did not learn the cause. Captain Baird' was most anxious, to learn if tbe gentleman had safely reached his destination. Cram replied that: he had, but in a state bordering on delirium j and un able to give any coherent account of himself. Ho could tell he had been aboard, the Ambassador and the Tampa, but that was about all. And then tbey told Baird that what War- inrr probably saw was Wednesday's paper with the details of the inquest on the body of Lascelles and the chain of evidence point- in"- to himself as the murderer. This caused honest Captain Baird to lay ten to one ne wasn't guilty and five to one he d never heard of it till he got the paper above Pilot Town. Whereupon all three officers clapped the Briton on the back and shook him by the hand and begged his -company to dinner at tbe barracks and as Moreau <h ; and then, while Reynolds sped to the police-office and Kinsey back to Colonel Braxton, whom he represented at the interview Cram remounted and, followed by the faithful Jeffers, trotted up Rampart Street and sent in his card to Madame Lascelles, and Madame s maid brought hack reply that she was still too shocked and stricken to receive visitors. So also did Madame d'Hervihy deny kernel., and Cram rode home to Nell- _ ' It is useless,' he said. She will not see Then she shall seo me,' said Mrs. ClAnd so a- second time did Jeffers make the trip to town that day, this time perched with folded arms in the rumble of: -tho pony- phaeton. » ' . And while phe was gone, - the - junior doctor was having the liveliest oxpovieucoo his few years of service. Scorched and burned though she was,' Mrs. Doyle e facilities seemed to have returned with- re. newed aouteness and force. She demanded to he taken to her husoands side i, but i the doctor sternly refused. She ?emauld ' b.® . told his condition, but was informed that it was so critical that he must not be disturbed, especially by her, who 'was practically re sponsible for all bis troubles. Then she in sisted on knowing whether he was conscious and whether he had asked for a priest, and when informed that Father Foley had already arrived, it required tho strength of four men to hold her. She raved like a maniac, and her screams appalled the garrison. But screams and struggles were in vaixi. 'Pills the Less ' . sent for his senior,' and ' Pills the. Pitiless ' more than ever ' deserved his name. He sent for a strait- jacket, 'saw her securely stowed away in that and borne over to a vacant room in the old hospital, set the steward's wife on watch and a sentry at the door, .went back to Waring's bedside, where Sam lay tossing in burning fever, murmured his few words of caution to Pierce and Ferry, then hastened back to where poor Doyle was gasping in agony of mind and body, clinging to the hand of the gentle soldier of the cross, gazing . pitoously into his father confessor's eyes, drinking in his. words of exhorta tion, . yet . unable to make artioulate reply. The flames bad done their cruel work- Only in desperate pain oould he speak again. It was nearly dark when Mrs. Cram came driving back to barracks,; bringing Mr Reynolds with her. Her eyes were dilated her cheeks flushed with excitement, as she sprang from the low phaeton, and, with a murmured ' Come to me as soon as you can ' to her husband, she sped away up the stairs, leaving him to receive and entertain her passenger. 'I, too, went to see Madame Lascelles late this afternoon,' said Reynolds. ' I wished to show her this.' It was a copy of a despatch to the chief of police of New Orleans. It stated :;in effect that PhiLlippe Lascelles had not been seen or heard of around Key West for over two weeks. II was believed that he had gone to Havana. ' Can yon get word of this to our friend the detective?' asked Oram. ' I have wired already. He has gone to Georgia. What I hoped to do was to note the effect of this on Madame Lascelles ; but she was too ill to see me. Luckily, Mrs. Cram was there, and I sent it np to her; She will tell you. Now I have to see ; Braxton.'. . And then came a messenger to ask Gram to join the doctor at Doyle's quarters at once : so he scurried upstairs to sea jNell first and learn her.. tidings.' .. - ' Did I not tell yon ?' she exclaimed, as he he entered the parlor." ' Phillippe Lascelles was, here that very night, and had been seen with his brotherjat the -office on Royal Street twice before this thing.: happened, and they had' trouble about money. Ob, I made her understand. I appealed to her as a woman to db what she could to right Mr. Waring, who- was so generally believed to be the guilty man. I told her we had detectives tracing Phillippe and would soon find how and when he reached New Or leans. Finally I showed her the des patch that Mr. Reynolds sent np, and at last she broke down, burst into tears, and said she, too, had learned since the inquest that Phillippe was with, her husband, and pro bably- was the stranger referred to, that awful night. She even suspected it at the time, for she knew he came -not to borrow but to demand money that was rightfully his, and: also certain papers that Armand held and that now were gone. It was she who told; me of Phillippe' s having been seen with Armand at the office, but she declared she could hot believe that he Would kill her hus band. I pointed out the fact that jj Armand had fired two shots from his pistol, appar ently, and that no bullet-marks had been found in the room where tho quarrel took place, and that if his shots had taken effect on. his antagonist he simply coald not have been Waring, for though Waring had been bruised and beaten about tho head, the . doctor said there was no sign of bullet-mark about him anywhere. She recognized the truth, of this, but still she said she believed that there was a quarrel or was to be a quarrel between her husband and Mr. Waring. Otherwise I believe ber throughout. I be lieve that, no matter what romance there was about her nursing Phillipo and his falling -in love with her, she did not encourage him, did not call him here again, and was true .to her old husband: She is simply possessed with the idea. 'that the quarrel which killedher husband was -between himself and ' Mr. Waring; and that it oecurred after Phillippe had'got his money and papers, and gone.' ' W-e-e-11, Phillippe will have a heap to explain when he is found,' was Cram'sreply. ' Now I have to go to Doyle's. He is making 'some confession, I expeot, to the priest.' . But Cram never dreamed for an instant what that was to be. . ; That night poor Doyle's spirit took its flight; and the story of -misery he had to te'l, partly by scrawling with a pencil, partly by gestiire in reply to question, partly in pain fully-gasped sentences, a few words at a time, was practically this. Lascelles and his party did indeed leave him at the Pelican when-' be was so drunk he only vaguely knew what was going on or what bad happened in the bar room where they were drinking, but his wife had told him' the whole story. Lascelles wanted more drink, — champagne ; the bar tender wanted to close up.- -They bought several' bottles, however, and had them pat in the cab, and Lascelles was gay and sing ing, and, instead of going directly home, in sisted on stopping to make a call on' the lady who occupied the upper floor of the house Doyle rested on the levee. Doyle raroly saw her, -but she sometimes wrote to Lascelles and got Bridget to take the letters to him. She was setting her cap for the old Frenchman. ' "We called her Mrs. Dawson.' The cabman drove very' slowly through the storm ' as Doyle walked home along with Bridget and some man who was helping, and when they reached the gate there was -the cab ' and Waring in it. The cab-driver was standing by his horse, swearing " at the delay - and saying be would charge double fare. Doyle had -had trouble with his wife for many years, and renewed trouble lately because of two visits Lascelles had paid there, and that evening when she sent- for him he was drink ing in Waring's room, had been drinking during the day ; he dreaded more trouble, sud 'twas he who took Waring's knife, and still had it, he said, when he entered the gate, and no sooner did he see Lascelles at his door than he ordered him to leave. Lascelles refused to go. Doyls knocked him down, and the Frenchman sprang np, swear ing vegeance. Lascelles fired two shots, and Doyle struck once, — with the knife,— and there lay Lascelles, dead/before Doyle could know or realize what ho was doing. In iact, Doyle never did know. It was What 'his wife had told him, and life had been a hell to him. ever since that woman came hack. She had blackmailed him, more or less, ever since he got his commission, because of an old trouble he'd had in Texas. (To Bb Conotnukd.) 