LES CLOCHES DES CORNEVILLE The Approaching Performance. The opera ' Los Cloches des Cornvillc,' which will be performod on tlie 10th and 12th July by tho Hay Amatour Operatic and Dramatic Company, is ono of tho most tuneful oporas in existence, and ono that is well adapted for amateurs. It was per formed in-Hay by tho same company three years ago, with tho greatest success, and as many of the principals who assisted on that occasion are taking thoir old parts, it is not too much to expect that the approaching performances will ' be equally enjoyable. jTor tho benefit of those who have not -seen tho opera, an outline 'of tho plot may bo interesting.' The scene of the opera is laid ata town on tho coast.of Normanby. Years previous to ,tho .opening of, tho opera, the .Cotnte do Luceua-, attainted for political reasons, fled from France, leaving his infaut daughter aiid considerable personal property in tho care of Gaspard, a retainer of tho family., Gaspard, who foresaw, (ond foresaw rightly), that tlie Comte might never return to claim his own, brought up tho child as his niece, under the name of Gcrmaine, and by hoard ing up the Comte's treasuro, had developed into a miser. Gaspard chose the rooms of the old ch&teau; of Cornoville, long since de serted by its lord, also attainted for treason and au exile from Franco, t-s the place in which to hoard his troasures. Thograndson oftho Marquis of Cornevillo is, however, alive, and as the interdict on tho estates has beeu removed by the king, tho villagers be lieve that somo day he will return. Meau while the old clnlteau has an evil' notoriety. It is hauutod — mailed spectres stride 'along its corridors, aud ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But these spectres and phuutoins are in reality the devices of the cunning Gaspard .to frighten away all intending tenants of the chateau. At the opeuiug of the opora a number of girls are on their wuy.io the hiring fair. Amongst these is Surpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard in ono of his fields, and now beeomo his maid of all work. She is a ' forward minx,' and has thrown up Gaspard's protection' to seek a better situation. Gcrmaine has also fled from Gaspard's houso and joiued the fair, but from a very different'motive.' Gaspard had promised her hand in marriage to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, full of his own importance, and possessed of a strong desire to open the chAtcau and go in to the accounts. ? Gerntaine has promised her hand to a ne'er-do-well fisherman, Greniohoux, who she supposes saved her froin drowning. In rculity it was the long-lost heir, the young Henri do Corne ville, now captain of an armed ship, and who a year beforo had put ashore to revisit the home of his fathers, that was hor deliverer. Tlio young Marquis has again returned, this time to take possession of his ancestral castle, uud he engages a number of servants at the fair, including Sqrpolettc, Germaine, and Grenichcux, the latter having turned couchman. During the course of the ne gotiations at the fair, Germaine tells tlie Marquia tho legend of the chateau, and that it is believed that the bells which have been silent for years will agaiu ring out when tlie lost heir returns. The second act discloses tho interior of the haunted chateau. The young lord, accompanied by his armed crew, break into tho deserted rooms, and lay plana to surprise the adventurers, whom they sus pect to be the real ghost of the village tradi tion. Two discoveries bearing directly on tho fortunes of tlio two heroines are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, . that the girl whom ho rcscued from the sea is identi cal with Germaine, with whom he :i« capti vated, but who believes herself bound *in honor to Grenicheux. Secondly, ho dis covers certain documents (hidden in tlio chatcau by old Gaspard) referring to tho flight of the Comte do Luceuay and tho placing of his iufant daughter with the miserly steward. Serpolette immediately concludes that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth assumes the rank of the Marchioness do Luccnay., The arri val of some one is here announced, and, , leaving Grenicheux hidden in u ouit of m:ut to watch the iutriuler, tho Marquis and his crew retire to the armoury. Tho;old miser is the intruder. He works his phantoms, lights his candelabra, and wallows in his gold. Then comes a swift aud awful retri bution. The rusty bells toll — a ghostly chant is heard— an array of spectres (sup posed to be all the dead lords of Cornevillo, but really the Marquis and his crew) appear, and advauce on the appalled miser, who sinks terror stricken upon his gold. The last act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached - to Germaine. This is done by piecing together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Gaspard, who, when he returns to sanity, admits thut Germaine is not his niece, but Lucienne do Lucenay. Germaine overhears a conversation between Grenicheux and the Marquis, hy which she discovers that it- is to the Marquis and not to Grenicheux that she owes her life, and ttiat sho is tree to bestow her hand on hun she really loves. Sotpolette is undeceived as to her real position, but at Gcrmaine's in vitation eoes with her as her girlhood's [ friend, and thcbotrothal of the Marquis and j Germaine is heralded by the chimes of ' I es Cloches do Corneville.' At next week's performance, tho charac ter of Serpolette will be taken by Mrs Wood ; Germaine, by Miss Macarfehur j Gas pard, by Mr Jennings ; Tlie Bailie, by Mr Hoare j Grenicheux, by Mr McDonald; Marquis, by Mr Gogg ; and Gobo, by Mr E. Blanche. The four first named sustained tho same characters, with groat success, when tho opera- was produced three years ago, and the other principals are said to be well up in their parts. 