UNDER THE SHADOW OF GRIME ; ' '..' q OR, ; m MYSTEM OF CLEMENT ' :" DBNBAVEN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' : ' By JEAN MIDDLEMASS- . ! Author of ; "A IN A THOUSAND," -i - SEALED BY A KISS," " BY ! FAIR MEANS,", &o.; ! COPYRIGHT. \- ?; CHAPTER XXXVI. i T tip Ghosts of the Past. in old, bent man, worn out 4nd frail, Je came buck from seeking the Holy. Grail. Scarcely two years had elapsed since Clement Dunraven had left Aboyne Court for the foreign travels, during which he hoped to find that peace of mind which passeth all understanding; when one evening, when he was by no means expected, he crept into his owd house by the back door. One of the maids who saw him ran shrieking to the housekeeper and said she had seen Sir Clement's ghost. The housekeeper told her "not to be a fool," and went out to look for herself, and then she, too, trembled with affright until she heard the well-known I voice. ' " Don't be alarmed, it is myself ; Clement Dunraven in the flesh. I \ have been very ill, and have come \ homo to die." . , ' j " Oh, Sir Clement, why ever didn't vou let us know that, we might have hd things a bit comfortable for. you." " All right — all right ; don't trouble yourself. There'll be comfort enough forme. Lighii.a fire in the 'library,. Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and send for Dr. Watson." The night was a cold one,, though it wasonly mid October, and thetrees were ;.,i still heavy owith mellow,, golden' foli age. There was something about Sir ; Clement's manner and appearance which repelled the question, so the servants bestirred themselves to pre pare dinner, get his bedroom ready, end make the place as home-like as the short notice would permit, without asking for any further orders. Sir Clement, meanwhile, sat down >n front of the fire, which had been epecdily lighted, and took no notice of fcuyonc. It was not until Dr. Watson entered the room that he roused up from his reverie. The summons to come at once to Sir Clement Dunraven had been re- ' «.eived by the little doctor with no email dismay, and a presentiment of coining troublo took powerful posses sion of him ; nor was ilia dread of the future in any way lessened when he eaw the man who had sent for him. " Doomed to death," was the Doctor's montal verdict, and that torture of mind had ended in pro ducing torture of body, he was not alow in deciding. Sir Clement held out his hand, and ; Raid, feebly : " It is good of you to hnvo corno so soon." How gladly would Dr. Watson have grasped it, but that the recollection of , tile awful accusation rnado by Jim Olendinning rose vividly in his mind. JIo pretended not to sea the extended hand, but drawing a chair close to his patient, tried to speak cheerily. " Sorry you have come back ill, Sir Clomont, wo musFseo if wo can palcli '' you up." Rut Sir Clement noted at once the want of cordiality, and said, bit- torly : i " You cannot ' minister to a mind < diseased,' but since I Bee you know or j ' have guessed the truth, you will make my task easier." Dr. Watson merely answered with an " Ah," and Sir Clement went on : " I have not much belief in parsons. They would ruin you if they could, as Si&gleton; tried to ruin me. But I have sent for you, Watson, because I know you to be a true and honest man, and as such you will help me to make the best atonement for the past that is in my power." " I will use my best endeavors so to do," answered Dr. Watson, " but would not Sir Miles Berkeley " "No — no,'' cried Sir Clement, inter rupting. " Berkeley has a wife, and, I hear, a child. Let him be happy and ignorant. I will not have him freighted with my misery. You must hear many a tale of wretchedness, Watson ; it is in your calling." " Alas ! Tales of wretchedness and suffering that one cannot always assuage." " There is only one incurable disease of which the torture cannot be alle viated, and that is the disease from whioh I am dying now — it is called Remorse." " Oh, Sir Clement, repentance must bring alleviation of suffering, even to the most remorseful." " I have repented, humbled myself in dust and ashes for my sins, but I am no happier. Remorse gnaws as a canker worm at my heart. Should I bo any happier if I had made a public confes sion and allowed the law to take its course 1 I think not. Anyhow, it would have brought misery aud obloquy on innocent people. So I resolved to keep my secret. It is wearing me out, and the severest punishment I can inflict on myself is that 1 have refrained from my own destruction. However, the end is not far off now, and before that end come3 I want you to know the truth." "What good to tell itl, Sir Clement. Before the words have fallen from your lips you may regret having spoken them." " I can never regret having asked a good man to bo the guardian of my oliild— -you will not refuse 1" Dr. Watson winced, but he accepted the guardianship. " Lisa is my child," continued Sir .Clement, "and Lisbeth hor mother, my lawful wife, which Lady Gertrude never was.'.' "Sir Clement, for mercy's sake keep silence. Think of the memory of that pure, virtuous lady, and keep silence." " To all but you I will do so, but you 'must know,. tho truth,- or you cannot do the best for my child and her brave mother If I die without a will this property cannot go to Lisa, unless her legitimacy is proved. In justice to Lady Gertrude I am going with your help, to make a will leaving everything to Lisa, my adopted daughter, who is to take the hamo of Dunraven. This may seem to you to be unjust to Lisbeth, but she agreed to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order .. that I might become my uncle's heir, and, thorefore, she must benr hor share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. All, if I had never deserted Lisbeth I might have been a poorer, but I should have been a far happier man." " She is the best and noblest among women," said the doctor, fervently. Sir Clement looked at him keenly. His eyes fell as before those of an inquisitor, for he felt that Sir Clement had guessed the desire of his heart. " I see I have appealed to tho right man," Baid Sir Clement, after a short pause. " Win her if you can, Watson, and if my blessing, the blessing of a wretched criminal, i3 of any avail, you have it with all my heart. To know that my poor Lisbeth will have a restful, happy home is far more than I deserve." Nothing more was said on the mat; ter ; what could bo said as long as Clement Dunravon lived 1 Pens, ink and paper wore produced, and tho last will and testament of Clement Dunravon was written out. In it he left everything of whioh ho died possessed, including Aboyne Court and all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth had been registered ut a registrar's in tho City Road under tho nnnie of Lisa Ellis, on condition that she henceforth took the name of Dunraven. The guardian and the solo executor to be' his tried and valued friend, Richard Watson, M.D. The butler,, and Brown, the bailiff, were sent for to witness tho signature of their master, and this supreme effort having been made, it seemed as if Sir Clement Dunravon's work on earth was nearly done, for he then lay back in his chair in 'such a condition of Byncope that brandy had to be poured down his throat, and Dr. Watson decided that he would pass tho night at Aboyne Court. But, considering that he had been left executor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what his own feelings were towards Lisboth, he did not be lieve himself to be justified in remain ing there without lotting anyone know of Sir Clemont's return. So he sent a man on horseback over to the Snug gery to acquaint Sir Miles with the face of Sir Clement Dunraven's return in very bad health, and to request him to ride over in tho morning. After a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat, and Dr. Watson and the butler got him to bed. He seemed in such a strange, semi conscious state that the doctor took up his position in an armchair, and arranged for the butler to sleep in an adjoining room, so that he might be at hanu if -his services .were required in the night. As the doctor had expected, the dis tressing unrest which the unhappy man experienced was .most sitd to witness. In vain Dr. Watson tried every avail able means to quiet him. He tossed ceasolessly from side to side in feverish excitement, muttering every now and again somewhat incoherently ; only Dr. Watson, who held the key, under stood full well how sorely the poor distracted mind was troubled. As is frequently tho case, with the break of dawn tho restlessness and ex citement grew more intense, and the mutterings became shouts and loud cries for help. Dr. Watsoa was thankful that tho butlor was a heavy sleeper ; he would not for worlds have had him hoar- the unhappy man's ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, he pluckily determined to manage him, if possible, by himsolf. : " How dare he come between me and Lisbeth — ah — the water is deep — and black — and cold. What ! No movement — no sound — silence ! My God, what silence! No voice — not a leaf stirring, nothing , but that black, still water — and the rushes. Ah, the rushes will hide it. Let me go ! Let me go 1 I can stay here no longer ! Away, away, from this terrible place. You shall not hold me, let mo go — the police are coming — the manacles — the mob in the court — old Jim's jibbering face — the gallows !" It was a fearful and awful sight, this torture of mental agony, and in all his wide practice Dr. Watson had never before witnessed such a scene. He fought through bravely, however, and by means of an amesthetic, for which ho had sent to his surgery earlv in the evening, he managed, to quiet the agitated brain, and by the time the first awakenings of life were heard in the house, Sir Clement had sunk into ain uneasy,' unnatural sleep. While as fo.rDr. Watson, hewassoexhaustedby what he had gone through, that it was only by an immense force of will that he' managed to pull himself together so as to 'be able to proceed with the terrible duty of tending this wretched man. Till this hour he had put away from his mind, as the mere chimera of an un hinged brain, Jim Glendinning's as sertion about the part which Clement Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Vaughan. Now ho hod no farther doubt on the subject, the true murderer lay before him, and might even yet be brought to justice. Dr. Watson thought that the hours of his life were numbered ; still there was no saying what turn he might take, or who might hear. the ravings which could not fail to convict him. For himself, he intended to say nothing, the punishment Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy one, and who was he that lie should deliver him over to.the law, blighting the memory of one true, loving woman, and .the life of another by his fall. ; Many might cavil at and argue about Dr. Watson's reasoning, and how- lie justified himself in thus con doning crime, but he oared not. Tho presence of death was. omnipotent in that room, and the terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment seem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrude and her memory free from the taint were, however, to meet with success. When Sir Miles Berkely arrived it was to find the sufferer still slumber ing, Nor did he ever recover suffi ciently to recognise any of those who were about him. Tho terrible crisis was over, and, thanks to Dr. Watson's loyalty, tho dire events then revealed would never bo divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours, vitality being stronger than the doctor had expected. He took what nourishment they gave him apatheti cally, but did not speak ; the brain was numbed, and the pulse and powers were gradually growing feebler. Towards evening a tall figure in a long bluo cloak came up the stairs with a halting Btep, and Lisbeth gazed for the last time into the living face of the man she had so desporately loved, that she had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake. She knew nothing ot the will, nothing of what had been done for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All hor thoughts wore absorbed in him who lay there dying in tho primo of his manhood, tho victim of his own sins. Nor wero there any tears in her eyes us she looked at liim, but prayers, heartfelt and deep, wore in her heart ; prayers that he might not bo punished everlastingly for his grave transgres sions. Considerato always, Dr. Watson wont away, and left her with the dying man. Ho would not pry into tho sccrots of that woman's heart, and truly a veil should he drawn over hor Borrow and her agony. An hour . later Clement Dunravon was dead, and the tall figure- went down the staircase noiselessly, as she had mounted it, away into the silent night, whore the moon, shining bril liantly to guido her steps, and the stars effulgently beaming, gave her hope that the pathway even through the valley of tho Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy was extended even to the greatest sinners. The news of Lisa's heirship, which was spread about soon after Sir Clement's funeral, took . the entire neighborhood by surprise, and, of course, various were the comments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that' he knew the truth, had known it for years, but no one guessed the riddle aright, save Dr. Watson and Mrs. Singleton, and they wore silent as the grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, the gossip ceased, the social gatherings recom menced, and the world ran on its usual course as if Sir Clement Dun raven had never existed. Dr. Watson' took means to have Lisa educated in a manner befitting her future position, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth: Whether the little doctor will ever persuade Lisbeth to give up her " Home" and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him in the red? brick house on the outskirts of the town, is one of the problems of the future. Lady Marcia says, of course, she ought to marry him, and that there is plenty of money to found a real big " Home " in memory of Lady Ger trude. Hitherto Dr. Watson has been too shy to put the question' himself, and if the marriage takes 'place' it will' pro? bably be because Lady Marcia has brought it about. TThe End.1 