ROYAL PRINCESS THEATRE. MRS LEWIS AS “HAMLET.” The splendid manner in which Mrs G. B. W. Lewis and her company performed during the week was a strong attraction to the theatre last night “Hamlet” was staged, and thoso who expected a treat wore not disappointed.- In - “Hamlol” Mrs Lewis orownotl the successes sbo has achieved in Bondigo within the week, and everyone loft the theatre' last night fully convinced that as an actress she can bold her own with the best. In her delineation of the complex moods that swayed tbe unfortunate Dane, all bor histrionic powers were brought into ploy. She skilfully represented the constantly vary ing passions that took possession of tbo complex character sbo represented, and des pite tbo great strain on her energies sbo was not in a single instance weak in her pour trayal. - The interview with tbo ghost was a most effective piece of- acting, and the tran sition from cones of pathos and endearment for tbo murdered father to overmastering hatred for tbo vile murderer brought rounds of applause from tbe audience. Sbo was seen to advantage in the sharp and bitingly humorous passages with Polooius, and in the soono whore tbo royal murderer is unipasked by tbo sid of the strolling players, she was thrilling to a degree. piaudius, the king of Denmark, was undertaken by Mr J. H. Cos tello, and the impersonation was ably sus« tainod. Mr J. A. Patterson gave a very good representation of Polonius,nnd was frequently applauded. Mr L. R. Truobridgo was emin ently successful ns Horatio, as likewise was Mr A. Tasman as Rosencranlz, and Mr F. Eamclton as Gaildornstoro. MrF. C. Appleton had a part that suited him well as the ghost, and bis ghostly visitation and interview with Hamlet wore carefully and successfully gone through. Laertes was loft in the bands of Mr Cloment Wakoflold, who did every justice to a difficult part. Mr' Walter Carle and Mr T. A. Howard made capable gravediggers. Miss Frances Grabama, as “ Ophilia,” went through the part gracefully, and woo the sympathy of the audience for the unfortunate, daughter of Polonies. Miss Jennie Bryce made a first-rate Queen of Denmark, and in the interview in the third act with Hamlet she -was - natural- and effective.' , "The* other characters wore well sustained. Tbo costumes worn were rich and striking, and added in no small way to tbo general result. To-night, the last of the season, the com pany appear in .the groat historical drama, “Jane Shore,” with Mrs Lewis in the title role, a character in which she. has made a world-wide • reputation. 