THE NEW PULPIT. ADDRESS BY REV. W. WHALE. DEBATE AT MINISTERS' UNION. At the monthly meeting of the Minis- ters Union yesterday, an interesting discussion took place on the address on "The New Pulpit," delivered at the previous meeting by the president, the Rev. G. D. Buchanan. The Rev. W. Whale, in rising to open, was received with appin we. He said he did not llkç^dlscussing a month after the event, and commencing in somewhat cold blood. One liked the excitement of the event. Besides, he did not quite understand the subject itself as the President apparently understood it. The President had asked that they should discuss the subject without discussing him, and he (Mr. Whale) had been trying to see how he could separate the man and his opinions. He did not see the use of discussing a thing at all if there was any unreality about it. That was a position to which he was not inclined to contribute. He thought he was listening to a man who had opinions. The President said he wanted them to discuss the opinions of the man who gave them-that was the Rev. Mr. Haweis. He began and ended his address by saying that the opinions were not his. They were discussing Mr. Hawes's of mons, and not his (Mr. Buchanan's). Mr. Whale then said they were discussing the opinions of a man who was practically not before them, and had no especial claim on them. The matter was beneath the dignity they had given it. They had been listening to the echo of an article. He would be pleased to discuss It IN given by Mr. Haweis with his own proper personality behind it. As to the subject matter of the discussion he did not want his position misunderstood. He simply wanted to know what they were dealing with. He believed that it was not brought up in a legitimate way, and was more fitted for a literary circle than their union. As to the question, Did the New Pulpit exist and the point that whether it did or not he (Mr. Haweis) was going to say it did as things came into existence by the assertion of them. There was something shrewd in the statement, but it might be open to the idea that some things did not exist except in the imagination. Upon the matter of the Press superseding the Pulpit he would not stop to say much. Both, no doubt, had their own spheres. Then there was the statement, " If there was anything to distinguish the New Pulpit from others it was that it was always absolutely in touch with the life of the people, and ready at any time to refocus an old truth." His opinion was that it was not in that respect distinguishable. One thing in the address be noted was that there was not one word of kindly recognition of any pulpit that had ever existed except one or two prominent individuals in the old country. Nor was there any such word in the article. As to refocusslng the truth he did not feel it necessary to speak on behalf of every minister everywhere, but what he would say was that the average run of ministers in every church pulpit did le focus the truth to what they believed to be necessary for the congregation they preached to, and the implication that it was not so was playing into the hands of their critics, to the disadvantage and not justly-of those who were preaching the Gospel, and who might preach by quiet and ordinary methods to ordinary congregations. He thought they saw enough of each other to know that every man had some conception of the adaptation of the old truth to the circumstances in which he was placed, and that they had consciences and courage ; consciences to recognise what truth was and courage to apply it. He did not believe it was a just statement to make of the pulpit' of the present day, or any day' within the l ance of the ecclesiastical institutions of the last three centuries, in connection with the Free Churches. Then there was the statement about people going to church to be interested. He quoted Mr. Buchanan's anecdote of the clergy- man who said that it would be a long time before any one went to a brother clergyman's church to be interested. He thought a reply might be given : " I hope it will be a long time before they go to your church for that purpose, and hope you are not there for that purpose." That was not to say that services should not be made interesting, but that if they went for the purpose of being interested they had got a condition of things that was not desirable. Then there was the reference to dogmatic ague, and the statement that " when you preach J dogma as an end and not as a means to an end, it is to be condemned." Did anyone know a man who preached dogma as an end ? (Voices : " No," and the president : " I do.") To him such a thing was just as nearly as possible un- thinkable. It would be preaching for the sake of preaching, thinking for the sake of thinking, and giving utterance to words for the sake of giving utterance to words. It was his Ignorance possibly of the range of things in saying that he had not met with a man who could possibly occupy such a position. There was no theology in it there was no design except drawing a sketch. There was another statement about dogmas, that people believed in the foundation of a house and in a scaffolding, but not in leaving the scaffolding up when the house was built. But what was the foundation, and what was the scaffolding ? Did they believe in leaving the foundation there when the house was built '.' Was dogma the scaffolding, or had it anything to do with the foundation ? Afterwards reference was made to the old style of preaching " fundamentals" and nothing growing out of it. They had had the Puritans, the Reformers, and the American preachers, but he did not ever hear of anyone preaching fundamentals without believing that something would come out of it. Those old preachers could point to something which came out of it, and which should rather create envy than criticism. Then there was the reference to the transition preachers, Liddon and Spurgeon being mentioned, but the sermons of those men could be read, and they would And as little of the affairs of everyday life in them as in any in the whole range of literature. And if they spoke about dogma, what about Lid- don, and what about Spurgeon IN Those who knew the London preachers would entirely disagree with the view that the men mentioned were transi- tion preachers as described. Next was the statement that the? tendency in the transition was to the ethical rather than the doctrinal system, and that everything that influenced a man in modern life belonged rather to the ethical than the theological system. Well, that would open up a discussion he would very much enjoy as a discussion in itself as to how you could get to ethics apart from theology as to how you could understand man apart from God. To him those were phrases without force. It showed their different standpoints that what was a supreme argument to one was supreme impo tance to another. Again, there was the statement that at one time a man did not think he was doing his duty unless he was defending the faith for denounc- ing some people. That might be true. Then the address said that was necessary for a time, but now people were thinking more of things they had in common. Very true, and very proper, but he did not see that the method was likely to increase the progress in that direction. Then there was the statement, "Wherever they found the churches crowded they would find there the ethical rather than the dogmatical preacher." They had heard a great deal of crowded churches. One man suggested to him that he should imitate the plays and the Opera House, and said that he would meet with success. He replied that they did not go on the same lines. Every man liked to have as many to preach to as he could get, and he would not be so uncharitable to say that any man had got a crowd by means divergent from his conscience ; nor would it be right to say that a man was an asks" because he did not get a crowd. That might be an impeachment of the men who first preached Christ, and, who did not get crowds, or if they got crowds, found it a point whether It led to Christ or crucifixion. He had not been altogether negligent In taking up public questions, but if they were to go for a crowd as an end, he said that they lost all value in their aim. Dr. Dale, for many years one of the most prominent politicians in Birmingham, had seen that political preaching was not the best thing to do for Jesus Christ. Spurgeon, New- man Hall, Liddon, A. G. Brown, and many others, were evidences of men who, without any of the embellishments some of them considered desirable, led crowds with the most ordinary of ordinary services. He was not saying that the statement quoted was altogether wrong, but they must account for the crowds on some other principle. Crowd or no crowd was no proof either way as to the truth or error of what was spoken. He would next refer to the statement about " the ass across the way," which might be included in what he had already style. Then as to polities, the reference to. them in the address was what he could best of all have agreed with Religion must touch life in all its aspects. He did not think any matter affecting human life should be excluded from the pulpit. Then there was a reference? (A Voice : " From Mr. Haweis," and slaughteryard theatres. He (Mr. Whale) had a certain measure of sympathy with what had been said, but there was one general statement he would make in every age of the world the theatre had been below the average morals of the community. If they liked to discuss the questions is general, they could, but he took them as bare statements. He considered that a minister, if he was to direct his people as to which theatre or play they should attend, would require to keep a private critic, and mistakes might be made. He did not say that all on the boards of a theatre were necessarily wicked, but such matters had to be discussed in a general way, and as matters of prudence and expediency. He did not know what a " green-room" was like except from books, but he would like to see any actor In his vestry under reasonable terms. As to ministers knowing something about the stage, he referred to a case where Sir Arthur Palmer, who was not regarded as puri- tanical, had refused to go to a theatre on account of a certain play being performed, and he read recently that when Lord and Lady Hopetoun went to a theatre In Melbourne the manager withdrew from the stage certain items in the living PIctures" which had been on every other night. He could give other cases, but those mentioned were within their own cognisance. He was not prepared to go with the sweeping remarks of the address, and would rather be in error on the side of the profession with which he was associated. There were other points time would not permit him to touch upon, and into the matter of science. he would remark that there were two kinds of science-one he need say nothing about, but the other was doubtful. The Rev. Osborne Lilley said he was sorry Mr. Whale had taken up so un- sympathetic a tone. He thought the aim of Mr. Buchanan In laying before them the views of Mr. Haweis was to awaken consideration as to what they were doing in their pulpits. Though he did not agree with Mr. Haweis or Mr. Buchanan, he thought it well to look on the Ideas presented with a measure of sympathy. If they were out of sympathy they would not get the true meaning of the Ideas. The Rev. Mr. Youngman : Do you mean Mr. Hawes's ideas or Mr. Buchanan's The Rev. Mr Lilley said they were like the Siamese twins ; they could not be very well separated. He thought ministers should bring fundamental truths and religion into what was oc- cur) ing around them. He did not think men who were acquainted with all subjects should sneer at men who simply preached the gospel. While he agreed that they must refocus the truth let them be sure that they had the truth and hold It with living conviction. He found fault with the article there. If a man did not believe in the Incarnation, the atonement, faith, and redemp- tion, and the regeneration of the old dnctrlnps, his place was not in the pulpit. He was sorry to notice that the mareís had created a great deal of suspicion with regard to the pulpit, for the pulpit should, like Caesar's wife, be above suspicion. Some of the phrases used were unfortunate. They should, however, take the address, and try to get from it a stimulus to proper preaching. As to the theatre, he had met most worthy people on the stage, who understood spiritual truths; but he had refused to go to the theatre not because their plays were bad, but that in countenancing the theatre he would be countenancing much that was evil. His opinion of the address was this: he believed in the principle of it that they were to adapt their teaching to the age and to the aspect of God's law, but he thought that in framing Ino address many of the phrases used were most unfortunate. He accepted the principle, but did not like the shape. The Rev. H. Youngman said his mind was relieved by the statement that the President was not responsible for what was in the address. There was material in it to occupy them for six months if they were to do Justice to themselves in the discussion. He was taxed the other day about the inspiration of the Bible, but he asked whether his 'jties tioner know that no church had yet formulated a doctrine of the inspiration. Macaulay once said of a statesman in India that he was looked on with admiration mingled' with contempt. That was his feeling with regard to Mr. Hawes's article. Mr. Haweis would do well to listen to Tennyson, who said. Be good, sister mine, and let who will be clever." He criticised sharply the name of the new pulpit and the dis- courteous statements in the article. As to drawing crowds and " the ass across the sway it was not always the mail who could draw the crowds who was most esteemed or who would be sent for in the time of trouble or death. He also found fault with some of the phrases in the article. As to the stage, He pointed out that in the very play Mr. Buchanan had alluded to in his address the clergyman was a character to he hissed and sneered at. The theatre was not a school of morals; it was a form of amusement. His most serious charge against the matter of the address was that spiritual religion was altogether ignored in it. There was no reference to the Holy Ghost or to the place Christ held in the new pulpit. He did not think either Christ or St. Paul preached politics. They could not IHV down lines to guide all preachers What the modern Church wanted to do was to get men into relation with Jesus Christ. The President expressed his gratification that the address has evoked a discussion, and at the same time strongly disclaimed any idea that he approved of the principles set out. " Let it not go out to the world," he said, " that because I introduced this article that I do not believe in the fundamental matters of religion." 