CARDS IN CHURCH. The following curious article is taken from an English newspaper of tho year 1773, and is thero called the 44 Perpetual Almanac ; or the Soldior's Prayer Book," by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to tbe 42nd regiment, who was taken before tho Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service The sergeant commanded the soldiers to church, and when the parson road his prnyors and took his tori, thoso who had a Bible took it out ; but this soldier had neither a Bible nor a Common Fr&ycr; Book, but, pulling out a pack of cardc, he spread them out bofore him. He first looked at one card, and then at anothor. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said : 44 Richard, pnt np the cards ; this is no place for them," 44 Never mind that," said Richard. When the service was over, tho constable took Ricburd prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. 14 Well," said the Mayor, 44 what have you brought this soldier hero for ?" 14 For playing cards in church." 41 Well, soldier, 'what have you to say for yourself ?" 4Much, sir, I hope." 44 Very good ; if not, I will punish you more than ever man was punished." 44 1 have been," said the soldier, 44 about six weeks on the march : I have neither Bible nor Ccmroou Prayer Book t I tava nothing but a common pack of carta, and I hope to satisfy your worship oC too purity of my intentions." 44 Very good," said the Mayor. Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, . he begnn with tbe ace. M When I sco the ace, it reminds me there is but one God. 44 When 1 see tho deuce, it reminds mo of Father and Son. 14 When I see tho trey, it reminds me of Father, Bon, and Holy Ghost. 44 When I see tbe four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists that preached, viz.?— Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. 44 When I see the five, it reminds tno of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. Tboro were tea, but fivo were fools and wero sent out, 14 Whoa I see the six, hi reminds me that in six days vne Lord mado heaven und earth. 44 Wfctfc; 1 see the seven it reminds me that on tho Kwenth day God vested! frcm tho 'works He had raude, and hallowed it. 44 When I see tbe eight, jft rcmindB me of tho eight rigbteoQs persons that woro saved when God drowned the world, viz., ?qo&h; and bis wife, his three nona sn# ffivair ivea. 44 When I sea the nine; reminds rco oft the nine lopcrs that wcco oleansod by our Saviour. Thero wero ten, but nine never returned thanks, 44 When I see tho ten, it reminds me of thn Tun "cmrnandments, which God handed down j te Moses on a tanlo of stor.n. j 44 WSssr. I sccxho King, it reminds ihs of the J great Xing .»f Heaven, wafch ie rod Almighty, j " When I sco tt.c Quean, it reminds mo or the Queen o2 Shcba, who wsnt to hour the wis- ! dwa of Salomon,- for slw was as wise a woman ( w ho b icab. Sb: fcroognt wifcfc her ?Xty bsys i aud fifty giris, ail dressed m boys' .ipparott, Zzr 1 :7.ing Solomon to toll which wero plrlc. Kisg | rJctamos. icnj fv watari'ox fir/m?. to wash tH-em- j iicreea '> Vbt rirb washed to the afljowfl, and the | hoys only to wristc so Kin?, /"telomon told by this. ' " Well," said tho mayor; 44 you have given a ccBcripbion of every card m the pack except OEO." 44 What is that ?" asked the ooldier. 1,4 Tho Knave," said tne mayor. 44 1 wiI givfl your honour <4SsScription of that, toc\ if you wit> not be angry." ,4 1 will r.ct," riaid the cuay»r0 41 if you will torn, ms to be 4 knave/' " Well,' said tbo aokBs. 14 too greatest knav<? that 2 know of it the constable wlii brought -xie hire" J '4 1 do not kxrow/ said the mayor, "'whether he ta the greatest knave, bu & know he's the greatest fool" 44 When X donnt how many spots in a pock, continued the soldier, " I (End three hundred and sixty-live— as many as there am days in the year. When 1 count the number of cards in u paok, I find there are fifty-two— ss many week os-thore aro in % year j and 1 find four suits— the number of weeks in the month. 44 1 find thorn aro twelve plccuro cards in tne pack, representing the number or months in tho year ; and, couuting tbo cricks, I find thir teen— tfir, number of weeks in a quarter. So you 8 co, sir, khe paok aX cards survos for a Bible, Almanac, and Commoc. Frnycr Book to 