TOO MUCH ALIKE. The close of the year 1866 found me Bteerage officer on board of the United 1 'States ship Venus, commanded by Captain Sherwin,and lying in the harbour of San, v3Trancisco, bound on a cruise in search of the Confederate steamer Shenandoab', 'which was at that time burning [American ; wkniava \r\ th'B Oknntsh Sea. While recuperating after our long voyage around the Horn the younger; officers of the ship were- won't to make frequent visits to the Bhore. 'Cards and billiards were our usual amusements,_and: In following these pastimes we sometimes') 'found ourselves in queer places and often, In dangerous localities ; for 'Frisco iwaa* Vriot then thei place that it is to-day. Inj 'those days' the city 'was infested with somef of the worst characters ^nd rascals that ever existed. Upon the1 night slnqueatibn all agreed to go in* unif ricm, and t'-ot brasB ^buttons and shoulder atrapswere ?othe- predominating feature in our 'uniform in those days it was difficult for the ^landsmen to distinguish the 'dress; bf thpi 'Bteefageand that of the wardrbom officers.. Some time dnring our perambulations on shore I found myself seperated from my companions, and after walking ; about for 'Bometime chanced opposite the 'Palace Saloon'— one of the most magnificent but imosk lawless places which, 'then abounded in the city. Being; ready for almoBt any adventure I strolled in: and | oalledi for a bottle of wine ; being pretty owell supiplle'd with money I was not long. picking tupf acquaintances. I was even-1 tually invited totake a hand in thegame of billiards and soon became absorbed -in Its 'fascinations. 'The room was well filled with a coamo /politan crowd. While waiting: for my opponent to make his ' run ' I noticed a rigroup whose appearance marked them as I belonging to ? tne 'gambling fraternity fix -' ing their glances upon me, and how and ?then*engaging in a whispered conversation. The game being finished a trio of the group .cmnvnnnVindrmn arfl HmilinC Vllftndlv. 1D .. ., «auua,«,#M\J»»Wf 4M«W, ?****», w«»~ U rw-_-_-- ? — j ? v vlted meto jointhemln a cigar; and a chat1 stover a glass. ,1 readily assented, (and we ? - adjourned to an. inner room, which was elaborately - furnished. The trio sat i'directly opposite me. Happening to. cast :imy eyesJin the direction I detected a hasty ipassibetsveen them, and immediately one of ;the trio arose, passed out 'of the room ??andcblosed the door. Atrthe same time I heard a peculiar click of a lock, and like '.-a fl»8h it dawned upon me that I was a ifprisoher. '?'Rising to my feet I demanded an ex planation of such conduct, but received, in return a malicious sneer. One of my com panions without a word then drew from -his breast a murderous looking dagger. I 'at once saw that murder was contemplated, ; -and springing into the corner of the room prepared to sell my life as dearly as possi My only weapon was a small clasp knife, -tohieh I usually carried about my person. Placing 'my thumb upon the 'clasp In order to prevent the. blade; from closing upon my -hand and thereby di« 'abllngme, I awaited the onslaught .which ?I was convinced would Boon come. My two aBsallantB withdrew to the corner, of ihefroom ; there ;? one of them taking from fhls pocket something :that looked, like ? BtrawB or matches, they prooeeded to draw ildts. ; Presently Inotlcedthe smaller one of the \- «fcwo suddenly turned pale . Reaching out Jhis hand he received the dagger from his companion and deliberately proceeded to taeasure off about 5 Inches of its blade. ?He slowly approached me and I f elt ? that tfche critical moment had arrived. Jfixec ^ny'eyeatupohthofle ofrthe assaealn aa ha Blowly approached me, and upon meeting my gazB he seemed baffled for tho moment and he paused as his eyes rested upon the knife which I held in my hand. He did not seem to know the exact nature of the weapon, so he retreated a few steps. The man's companion, seeing him hesi tate, made an effort to urge him on, but to no purpose, and finally they both withdrew to the further side of the room and again held a hurried conversation. Turning towards me again the one with the dagger lay down on the floor, in order to be below the range of my weapon, and working himself towards me prepared to strike; poising himself upon his right arm and foot, with the dagger in his left hand, he made a fearful lunge towards me ; the blow fell short of its mark. I assumed the offensive. Throwing the whole weight of my body forward ,upon my left foot I lunged forward, but missed my opponent owing to his low position on the floor. Seeing that .1 /was about ; to. force bhe fight my opponent lost courage and began to, sob and cry like a child, and refused to. renew the attack, - although urged on repeatedly by his companion. While this was. going on the suspense to. fight, as it was two to one, and I, knew that if I left my corner , it was. Bure death. . Losing ,, patience the other , assassin seized the dagger from the hand of hlsf companion -and. prepared to renew ; the attack. At this moment the door, i was, unlocked, and opened, a stranger .rushed' into.ihefropm, and, seizing the hand, that! held the dagger exclaimed : 'You, fools, this is-not our man !'?? ! The; would-be assassin immediately fled, and turning: to. me the; stranger cautioned me to leave ,., the ^place as quickly as possible. I did not, stand, ,upon the order, of going, but foupd.my, way out upon the, street in qutek, -time. Passing- down \he street I ran. uponan $-}&?, f riend,: Deteotive. Allen. Upon* seeing, ine, he lexclaimed; :; ♦'What is^the/matter--you look .aa if yob; had seVn a ghost!' I related to him asj briefly as possible my adventure, and he assured f, me that I waB lucky to escape with my life, as I had been in the most daugeroua place in 'Frisco. Taperit the rest of the night with my friend 'Allen, and early :the next morn-, ing went on , board. The same day we left for the Okhotsk Sea, and on retnrningr some £wo months later we were surorised, to hear that Lieutenant Marshall, United States navji',had been foully murd eredanidi found: lying on the atreet near the 'Palace i Saloon.' Great excitement prevailed in naval circles because of his death, and the most strenuous efforts were made to dis cover Kia murderers ; but they were of no avail. The excitement soon died out, and ; shortly our ship waa .-.: put out of commis sion, another ;bfficers and crew ordered; ;IIaBt, .?????-?; j Upon arriving? at New York I waB ordered to the i Naval Academy at, Annapolis. I was. one day strolling about the ancienfc city when I observed s an elderly : gentleman approaching me.j Extending his - hand he greeted m;e cordially, exclaiming : ' Well, Lieutenant 'Marshall, howiaTe you? When did you., s arrive?' Before Icould offer any explana tion hie arm was drawn within mine, an&' -before;I knew it I iwas at hir doorstep. I immediately informed himi -that he wab mistaken, as my name was Mate M-^-r-j, . United States Navy. He could hardly be convinced, and iwould not accept my. explanation until he had called one of hik daughters,; with jwhom the lieutenant wab .?intimately acquainted. The moment she saw me her .woman's, wit detected the mistake $ but they all declared that they never Baw two persons who.so clqsely resembled , each other. , The circumstances of that eventful night in San Francisco came vividly before me again, and after pondering awhile the whole mystery was solved. , It seemed that Lieutenant Marshall had given offence to some of these worthies , who frequented the gambling saloons, and they, had sworn to take his life at the first opportunity. The /resemblaflce between myself and their intended victim had indeed nearly cost me my life. — Alia California. Baldness may be prevented, and a thick r growth, of hair stimulated, :by the use o£ Ayer's Hair Rigour, r THb prepara tion - also [restores the ., natural co our to gray hair,, and, renders it soft, ;pliant, and -glOBBJ. . 