MRS. TREGASKISS. A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY A1R3.. CAMPBELL PRAED. ALL RIGHT8 RESERVED. Chapter XV.— (Continued). He went out end called Gusta and Olaribeli and among them thsy prepared Clare's bed, aad he oarried her In, leaving the tw.o women to un dress her. Afterwards hs routed about Tre- gaskiss's office, and found the medioine chest and the. medicines hs wanted. When he oame baok Clare was in bed, her eyes wild end ' speech wandering. There were alternations of shivering and fever, and ' he saw that she was tn for rather a bad bout, ne gave her laudanum to induco . psspiration, and by and by sho got qnieter. "With ths deft ness of a nurse, hs moved about getting her all that could mako hor mote comfortable, and oddly enough there seemed' nothing strange to her in his nttendanes ; it was as though she had been need to it long, long ago, and his very', pre- senes .brought a sense of rest and soothing in describably delightful. Gsneste was perplexed. Clearly she was not in a condition to bs left to the tender mercies of the half-oasts and ths incompetent Costa. He mentally ran his eye over the list of . neighbors, but the only one near was Mrs. Carmody, who needed oaring for even more than Clare. He thought of motherly Airs. Ousack end sym pathetic Helen, but Brlndn Plains was fifty five miles distant aud in a stats of siege, all the men on the atation sleeping with firearms in readiness, expecting, while the frss shearers ware at work, en attaok on ths wool- shad. There was not even a stockman's wife available at Darra Darra ; and hs had given up ths idea of proouriag a nurae as hopeless whan tbe.rcaolleotion of Mrs. Rsmm, the bulioek drover's wife, camped half way between the two stations, oams to him as an inspiration. That evening whan Clare was slssping under ths infiuenoe of the opium, ha saddled one of Tre- geskiss's horses, put a side saddle on the quietest of ths lady's haoks, and want at full speed in searah of Mrs. Ramm. It was 20 miles to Joe's osmp, and good riding was needed for them to reaoh Alount Wombo by breakfast time. " I have brought eomeone to look after you " he said to Mrs. Tregaskisa, when, after having bathed and dressed, he cams to pay her a pro fessional visit. Slit looked ths ghost of herself so pulled down was she and so shaken. Airs. Rsmm earns in behind him, and made an awkward salutation to the siok mistress. Sho was the roughest looking of creatures, short, thiok set, broad featured, her face pitted with small-pox marks, her wiry Iron grey hair cropped close " for the convenience of it," her hands huge, red and ap parently designed by nature for tha use of a scrubbing brush. But she was sorupulously oleao, and hsr short dark blue skirt and striped jacket were fresh from ths wash. " Mrs. Ramm," murmured Oiars in astonish ment. " Where did you oome from ?" " It's the doctor himself that rode over to the oamp last night and fetched me. My word, Mrs. Tregaakiss, I'd have ridden a hundred miles to sss a deoent woman again.- It's a year and mora that I've trudged along beside Ramm and the bullook dray, or else act on tha wool bales ; and now I'm camping by myself oloss agon the Bore, while ho does a job for ths road surveyors. I just went to the men's camp to olsan up. Lord it was dirty. I ain't no great shakes ; and than men laughed fine at mi with my house under the dray. But I says, " Them as lives in glass houses shouldn't sliie stones at them as lives in drays," and I had ths laugh of them when I saw thair msok. Olaro turned en eloquent look of gratitude on Genesta. How her faoe had ehanged, he thought. It had lost that strange masked look Or was it only when she looked at him that it reflected hsr real inner self ? "You went all that way to bring her? You must have been on hersabaok the whole night. And you did H for me I" \- "You forget I'm used to ihat sort of thiag. I rtally couldn't feel happy absut you in the hands of Olaribel and Gusta. Mrs. Ramm may not bs sn accomplished nurse, but she knows how to make a bed anyhow, and oan keep things a bit tidy about you." "Deed, sir," said Mrs. Ramm, bridliag up as she paused in the aot of dusting the looking glass, " You must'nt think I'm not used to gentlefolks' ways. Before I married Ramm I was servant to the Mr. Micklethwaites, as was just straight from a castle iu England. And if you'd a just aeen that house. . Satin cushions, my word, and a Brussels carpet and hair brushes with a silver letter on 'em— for all ths world like yours, Mrs. Tre- gsskiss. Not but' what you've got a nice plaoe hers, and Ramm he do aay it does his heart good to look at tha gimaracka and flowers about. I alters holds on to Sowers, and I mind well how, thinks I, at them Miaklethwaites, Lor this droringroom do look that cheerless with ns ar a grsen sprout or a lady in it. And I gsts a dish and puts water in it, and pieks a lot of shallot tops— there wsrn't nothing but vege tables— aud sticks them in; and, my word, they did look fine and they smelled beautiful. Them gentlemen was that pleased they laughed to split thslr sides when they Bead 'em." "Wall you needn't pnt shallot tops here, Mrs. Ramm, for there ara . plenty of flowers in the garden. And now you shall go and see if Ah Sin hasn't got something good for Airs. Trogaskiss's breakfast, and you shall set Ah Sin at once to kill a ohioken for broth, and I trust to you to bring it to your patient regularly." "You are very good to me," said Clare' softly when they ware alone. " I don't like to trouble you so." He bad been preparing a dose and gave it to her to swattow before he replisd. Thsn he stooped down and touohed hsr hand. He had the pliysiaian's touch, cool and healing — a touoli whioh hae always something ot a mag netic effeot upon the nerves. " Let me be good to myself by etopping a day or two, and trying to be good to you," hs said, with a tender Intonation in. his voles. "You need it, and there are not many to bs good .to you." ' She did not answer. All dey he eame in end out, earing for and .arranging things for her oomfort, just as her mother or sister might-have dons. When she said this to him, hs laughed and answered that it showed doctoring was his real vocation, sinoe he took up his old tends so naturally. He put her food befort her himself, arranging the tray, upon whioh hs laid a pals pink rose, and talked to her, and when ba thought she was tired, read her to sleep. Hie companionship was pleasant, apart from per sonal considerations. He had aeen much, had read muob, and had just that touoli of senti ment and myatieism without whioh no man oan sppci! absolutely to i Oultlvilod wuumu. -It was very long sinoe Clare had talked of the things she now spoke about to him. ' Her very weakness and the novelty of tha situation contributed to unreserve. She was alone : she was helplessly dependent upon him. Hsr husband was away, had not even written to tell her of his whereabouts, did not appear to eoneern himself in the least whether she was well or ill oared for. There was not aaother man except the two Chinaman and the blaoks in tha camp during theso two days anywhere near ber. And hsra was Geneste, no kin and in no way ailed upon to consider her well being, who bad oome over because hs feared all might not be (ight, had ridden all through th night to seoura for her ths attendance of a rsaponsible woman — she disoerned in this proceeding a delicate chivalry whieh appealtd to her in a manner wbioh would perhaps have been foreign to Gsneate's Own thoughts df the matter— and who tended her as her husband had never dons— not from the mere medioal point of view, whieh was natural enough, but with all those nameless tendernesses, the sweetness of whioh lis in the manner of their doing, and with always that undsrourrent . of emotion of which, though she oould not put it into words, he was aoutely oonsoioua. The next deythe fever hed her in its grip again. It went through all its stages — shivering aud racking pain in every limb, and then burn- -ing heat and headaohe, with etrange faneiee and grotesque piotures standing out in .the darkness Iof olosed eyss, thsn laudanum stupor, with only the eonsoiousneil of pain and thirst, and of Oensste. standing by - putting wst cloths to head.. She was : feebly . delirious, though she was unaware of it, and in her babblings revealed herself- - to Geneste, who purposely ' kept Mrii' Rnmm from the room, with the frankness of a child telling its mother of its sufferings. His heart called with pity aa he listoned. What horrible misfit this was. of fate, he thought, as the sensitive scourged soul laid hare its. secret pains— the agonising jar of companionship by day and by night with a nnturo coarao to the aore ; tlio awakening to her doom in her early married months; tlio' horror of tho sexual bond ; tho morbid hatred at times of the . children horn of Buoh union ; ths physical avnr- sion to caresses ; the - loathing and disgust of spirit laden breath ; the battle of eonsoienao with all her womanly instincts; and the triumph of conscience and mnr- tyrdam of self repression. What a lonely life it hed bean ! How starved, how cold, how walled in, how beaten down! He longed to anatoli up the fine tender creature from the de filement of her surroundings ; to bear her away to a refined, luxurious, intellcotual home ; to give her the moral and mental food her whole being craved ; to warm her with the fire of passion ; to nourish hsr with affeotion, till the poor bruited stunted bud should expand and open forth into the glorious flower it was meant should gladden the world. "What might she not bo," ho said to himsolf, " to n man who had hor heart !" In that hour of delirium' he got to know the woman herself, and ho got to know too that ho loved her. Hs was glad, very glad that lie loved Clare Tregaakiss. Fifteen years before he had loved a woman of loose morals madly — so madly that but for the accidents! discovery of her faithless ness and uttar venality, he would havo married hsr. Now ha loved a good .woman, not so rsokiessly, but with an even surpassing fervor. He was glad to experience tho emotion whioh ho had believed would nover aomo into his life. For 15 years he had forsworn lova in its finer coaptation. During tho first six or ssvea of those years adventure, danger and tho exaite- rmnt of exploration had been the valve for his restless energies. Woman he. had not needed. In fact he had turned from all that re minded him of his life of civilisation with an intense revulsion. Thenduringtwo years, when he had lived at the northorn extremity of Lelebardt'a Land, he had taken to himself a graceful South Sea Island girl, for whom till aha waa killed tragically while bathing he had entertainad an animal and half contemptuous affeotion. Looking baok upon this episode since the dawning upon him of Clare Tregaakiss he felt a ourions shame. After tho girl's death he made his great expe dition aoross the northern neak of the colony through barbarous country and hostile natives from gulf to ocean, and it was then he received tho spear wound which lamed him for life. The hurt had oaused a troublesome and dangerous inflammation, and had put a stop to the wild ex ploration be had delighted In. During bis foroed inaction he had taken up in a measure his old seholarly and scientific pursuits, and the former man had begun gradually to replace the new one. He had even had vagus tiioughts of going baek to England. There was no ques tion now of lung deiicaoy. He was not yet beyond the prirao of life, and might still have a sueessaful earosr bofore him. Tho Australian career had not bsen in the financial sense a success, but he had privato means, and this did not trouble him. Besides, Darra-Darra, which was not heavily encumbarsd like Alount Wemlio, might turn out a profitable investment when times got better and successive droughts were followed by years of plenty. It was in this wavering mood, when he' had half resolved to take a trip to England and look round him bafore making a final decision as to his future, that ho met Hctsn Cusack. He had got into a way of riding over pretty often to Brinda Plains, whiali was about bb far on the other side of Darra-Dnrra ns Mount Wombo wae on this one, mainly broauso ths number of hands employed there and the prevalence during tha winter of an influenza epidemic had called for his pro fessional services, which he gave gratuitously when required. Mrs. Cusack had been rather seriously ill, and during that tims ho had seen' muoh of Helen. Even before the scene in the garden it had orosssd his mind .ns a not un- pieasing possibility that he might marry her and take her with him to England. But for that sudden jerk of the bit when he bed been brought face to face with foots and oonsequences tils possibility' might havo become a reality. It might still have become so later, for in a reactionary impulse his mood had swayed to the girl aud to tho joys of domestic life. But there had intervened the meeting with Airs.' Tregaskisa at Csdar Hill and their strange night talk at The Grave Camp ; and his fate was sealed, and Helen's light was hence forth obscured. In this oase there was no reaction, nor were there any doubts. He acknowledged to himself without hesitation that he loved her. He rold himself also that bit plan of going to England must remain, for some tima at any rate; unful filled. It would be bis duty to himself and to her as well as hie jay to stay on the Leura, and do his best to make life more bearable to her. He had no base motives. He meant no harm. She was the last woman with whom ha could associate any unworthy desire. It should be a case of beautiful platonics. Ho loved her. There was nothing disgraceful in that. There would be no shame for her if it were that she loved him. Something told him that she did, or, if not yet; that ha' would not have long to wait.- Why ehould thay not love each other ? Hsr lot was hard ; hsr life very lonely. In the truo soiibo of the word she was not married at all. Ail that sha owed was the mere material obligation. From nature and temperament her lawful possessor was quite incapable of appreciating the treasure whioh a caprice of destiny had allotted him. He foresaw for her even worse times than sho had already undergone. Tlio drink habit wax growing upon Tregaskisa as it is apt to do in Australia upon men who have combined it with what is oallcd a "touch of the sun." Geneeto had from tumor and observation mnds IiimBslf sure of that. This vice might bo followed by other vioes. Gsneste knew, though ha had concealed his knowledge from Clare, that the.' flirtation with Alias Lawford, begun during Mrs. Trogaskiss's absenae in Port Victoria, was being commented on Sn the distriot, and was a source of uneasi ness to Airs. Cusack. He knew, too, tiiat in stead of being at Uganda with the pastoralist ootnmittee Tregaakiss was spending most of hia time at ths Ocooks, where Miss Lawford waa payiag a holiday visit. Thsre was, Geneste gleaned, a good deal of gossip rife about the TrsgsBkissss. Clare was a woman to pique ourioaity, and Trogaskiss's loud manner, his dash and his good looking, bloated faoe and fins Viking pliysiquo attraotsd attention wherever he went. Gsneste oould understand that, he might dominate a little hysterical brunette liko Alias Law ford. It stsmed to be only of lata that he de veloped a liking for tho sooiety of women of a oertain rollicking typo, and lie did not confine his attentions to Alias Law ford. Thsra was an inn at Uganda, kept by an Irish widow and two daughters, where lie put np, and where the young women afforded him amusement, of a harmless kind it is true, but which gave rise to reports derogatory to the dignity of Clare TregaBkiss's husband. Though it waa generally known that' Tregaskisa was heavily iu debt to the bank, it was also known that he spent a good deal of money on imported oattle, on wire feueing, the oonatruo tion of bores and in other less useful ways. Some people did not sorupie to declare, that before long ha would ba sold up. Others main tained that he aould not keep . racehorses, throw his money about, betting, at the town ship, and talk so .big if he were not all safe. Though to be aura the keeping of race horses for ths Northern meetings is not the reckless form of dissipation it might appear, still thsre are ooneomitant expenses which mount up, and then tho world did not realise that Tregaskisa always talked big— except to his wife. It was an article of his social philosophy so to do. He had made his way in England through talking big on oecasiona, and hs had won Clara Oardyna by talking big about tha disintaraatednesa of his devotion for her. Three days passed Shand and the butohers were still at tha oat-station, and Tregaskisa did hot 'bonis, had its periodical tarm, and though at tho tlma it was less severe Afrs. Tregaskisa was weaker. Geneste did all that was possible to keep up her strength. He killed a oalf, and him self superintended Ah Sin in the makingof broth and jelly. He beat up eggs with brandy, and honr by hour pound nourishment down her throat. When free from pain, except for the prostration, she was quite happy. In those three days she teamed to lira a lifetime, past and future' were annihilated, and the present had tha luxurious fantasy of an opium dream... As a 'matter of fact the laudanum which lis gava hsr had muoh to do with this impression. A day or two later he get her on to the sofa in the drnwingroom, and there were long idle talks in which she learned much of him, and he much ot her. In detail ehe.told him little; but the aide lights whioh her conversation gave were vividly illunUunting. Ciiapter XVI. — "You Ought Not to Have Said That." But the interlude must have an end at last. Ccnasto hid boon a wook at Alouiit 'Wombo, and Clare was on tbo fair way to recovery. The fever attacks had become less and iuss, and the days pf respite now only a dreamy pleasure. She spent them mostly on a hammock in tha upper verandah. The passion creeper, a native cuoumbor, made a shado from ths sun, snd threw wavering reflections upon the boards. The scent of somo untimoly sandal wood blos soms floated up from the enclosure. There had boon a storm somewhere — over Lake Eungella probably, for ains, it had not travelled to the plains,' whioh were brown and bars, while. the cmttlo were hogging in the fast drying waterholes and dying of thirst and want of grass. But the distant storm had at least cooled the air a little, and there was a faint breeze, whioh made the mosquitoes oling to tho ceilings. Clare Trogaskirs in her China silk tea gown, with her delicate refined face, her oraamy skin and deep brown eyos which had yellow lights, looked hersolf not unlike a lsngorous tropical flower. She had a pieoe of needlework in her baud, but made very few stitches. Geneste sat beside her. He had bsen down to the China man's garden, nnd was preparing a granadilla, while Ning stood by, the two dolls bunchsd undbr hor arm, watohing the operation with deep intorost. The baby lying on a mat at the other end of tho verandah was crowing up to Olaribel, who made blacks' noises for its amuso- meut, Bona, the other, half- oasts, and- her piceaniimy. down below joining in overy now and then with a guttural "Yueks ! Aly word, thatbudgery follpw." . The sun was getting near its setting. In the storm qusrtor a low ridgs of olouds was rising. The straight black gidia trunks cast heavy shadows, snd thqir silvery grey fpliags bad a livid look. Tho usual group of horses had gathered round the smoking rubbish heap, aud the milkers, a scanty herd in those dry times, wero being driven up to tha yard. Presently there was a. sound of a stookwhip cracking, and a' long "C6o-te," snd tlieti Tommy George, loading a paokhorso, appeared jogging through one of the gidia clearings. He called out some thing to Lonn, who took up the story. " My word, missus, mine think it mnasa oome al»ng direotly." Clare half rose. She had turned vary pals. Her low exclamation had in it a sound of drtad. Gsneste did not stop, his soooping of tlio grana dilla. He sugared the dainty mess and put it bofore ller. "Keith is coming," she said. "Yes, lie still. I won't have you getting up to meet him. Besides he is not hore yst. I'll go and ask Tommy .George." . He want out. When he bad gone Clare sank baok again, and a patoh of red rose in oach of her bhseks. She called Ning to her and gave her the granadilla. " Here child, I don't want is." . Ning took the fruit and ate it slowly, watoh ing her mother all the while with solemn inquisitiveness. "Alummy lno glad that daddy js coming hspk !" slie sold, . " Oh, you oruel little wretch 1" Clara cried passionately, "What makes you' say suoh things?" ; \'a. ' Ning stared - still more. Such ebullitions tn her mother wero rare. "Aline plenty glad daddy oome bsok," she said with stolid contentment. "What for mummy not glad ?" " Oh go away " oriod Clara. "Go and play with Olaribel. Co all- oHyou and meet daddy down by the orossing and Ning departed-, her solemn gaze haunting her mother, after she had disappeared, like an acousing ghost. After a little while Gencsts returned. "Ho will not be here just yet ; Tommy George , left him at ths Bore and pushed on to tell you. Woll I'm glad I shall see Tregaakiss before I leave. I was meaning to go back to Dara to-morrow." She said not a word. When he looked at hor, he saw that hsr ehest was haaving slightly and her eyes bright with restrained tears. " Clare,'' be said softly, putting out his hand and touching hers as it lay on the edge of the hammock. " Don't fret. . Things aren't worth it." "You don't understand," she answered hus kily. " Yos I do— utterly, better perhaps than you know. But you can't alter facts or tempera ment. . You oannot make a fine steol instru ment do the work of a fencer's augsr. All you can do is to harden yourself, and to accept life as it is. If you are disappointed at not finding sympathy where you have a right to look for it, take your right also to accept it from elsswher. Harden yourself to tho inevitable." " Haven't I bean doing that for 10 years ?" " Outwardly, . yes— but within there bavo been ravening wolves. Oh, I know it is all very well to give advice. It's like saying there is no hurt when one is racked with pain. Do .you suppose my heart hasn't blsil for you these days? God knovrB I'd givo the best part of my life if I could only make things different far you." "Don't— don't," she gasped, hysterically. "I can't bear it. ' You couldn't imagine what it is to livo always like that, It seeins worse when one has been free for a little while." . "Y«s — yes. Indeed I know." "I can stand it better after it has gone on day by day for months; . But when it comes fresh— tho smell of brandy ! I hats him to kiss me. And then he gets angry." She. stopped and turned away hor faoe. "Oh I know — it is horrible." A thought struck him "Tell me — his tamper is bad at timos. Has he ever— is hs . ever violent to you?" "Violent?" "I mesn has ho ever ill-used you, struekysu? That kind of thing ?" "Ns, not personal violenoe. He has been rough, but he ia sorry afterwards. Why do you ask?" " I was wondering if that were a qusstioa. You know there' are causes for which th# iaw gives an ill used wife her freedom." " I know. But tliera could be no question of that. Don't speak of .it." They were both silent. Tho words they had spoken to oach other marked an immense leap in their intiinaoy. They had beforo discussed Tregaskiss's increasing habit of incbrity, whioh month by mouth, weak by wook, had iu the last two years gained a stronger hold on him. "I have dono all I can," she said. "I havo begged, implored, reasoned— ovsrything. But it dossa't seem to be of tho least use, and I think my speaking of it at times, makes him almost hato mo. Then there is something I learned not very long ago— quite by accident — hs had always kspt it- from me. His father died of drink; ' I believe that a ourse of that kind is often hereditary. I wish I didn't ; it makes ms " — she lowerod her voice, and her pained eyes glanced towards him for a moment — " it make mo frightened for the children. I dread their coining— I prayed so that thia might bo a boy, and like me. Life is always harder for women. Oh ! " sha went on passionately, "suoli things shouldn't be allowed. Alarrisge is awful— it is wicked— when it's a marriage liko mine." - "I entirely agree with you. But you must not distress yoursolf about the idea of heredi tary tendency. You have told mo of the slight suostroke ho had. That often causes s want of self- control. I wish you. oould persuade bim that he is not well, and get liim to oonsult me. I might bo able to do something, for tba moment, at any rata, to make tilings easier for you." " He is so strong ; he glories In his strength. It would be difficult to pori'uade him. It isn't fair to trouble you so," she exclaimed. "Why should you worry about mo. and mine ?" " Beoause I lovo you," he answored with per fect calmness, not moving in the least towards her, or touohing ber band again, only looking at ber full, with a suddsn lightening and glow: " ing of bis eyes. She mot the look, her own oyes deepening and :. held by his as '.though she wars succumbing to some mesmeric force. It- was a long gaze, and. lis read in it all he wanted to know. Presently .' Bho drew herself back with a slight shudder. " You ought not to bavo said that. . You - - must never Bay it again." "I will not," lis nnsworsd. "I will never say it till you toll me that I may. But I wanted you .to know it. I wanted you to under stand that thsre is nothing you could ask of me— nothing which it would not bo a joy and a privilege to me to do." He got up and walked to the verandah rail ing without anothor word. There he stood for ' several minutes looking out upon tha plain. , " I too your husband coming," b said. "I will go out and moot him and explain your illness to bim and why I am hsro." His stlf-posstssion ; gov# her oonfidsnoe, nnd his silsnoo appealed to her as no words oould bavs done. Hsr own pulses were tingling, and her heart seemed to leap and throb in an agony of happiness. It was so terrible this thing which had befallen hor, but it was heavenly swrat. " Oh, I do lev# him," she said in a whisper to herself. "I do lova bim, with all my soul." Tho revelation had eoino upon har with a shook, and yet with a sens of half consoiouB foreknowledge. It was.ailolear now, and she understood the power this man had exereistd over her from the very first. Looking back it seemed to her that she had loved him from the moment in which she had opened hor eyes from her Bwoon in the inn at Cedar Hill, and had seen tho strong lined face' with its eagia look and piercing gaze bsnt over her. She know now what lied made hsr speak oat to iiim about herself ae she had never spoken to any other human b«ing, understood now her vague jealousy of Helen Cueaek, knew why the bur den of her marriage and her motherhood had of late scorned more intolerable. It wae only nature speaking, and nature's eternal and unconquerable law defying the creed of- conventions. The truth flashed upon her in a moment. The quiet mas terfulness of his ahrupt composed declaration had given her no time for .analysis, self-reproaoh or indignation. He had not even aeked her if she lovad bim. He had demanded nothing in return for his love. He hod only told her of it that she might not sorupie to make use of him in any way that she pleased. There was nothing to mako her alarmed- or angry ; nothing whieh did. not cause him to stand out in. her imagina tion »s a very knight of chivalry, j Angry with him ! When he had brought and aid at her feet that whioh all her lifo she had held as almost too sacred for common earth — that which eho and Gladys had so mistakenly renounced as an ideal impossible of realisation. Though she had bidden him never speak those words again thoy would make musio in hor heart for evermore. " I love you — I love you." Sho was essentially a pure woman notwith standing the atrugglos in ber of latent capacity for passion. The thought of unfaithfulness to r husband did not occur to her — unfaithful ness in tba- material sense; of- spiritual in- fidolity thsre could be none, for the spiritual bond had never existed. As the lay baok in har hammook bathed in tbii stream of beatitude whioh flowed over her whole being, Bhe forgot everything but the one blessed and glorious fact that had come ioto her life and transfigured it. She forgot that her bondngo was still upon hor, that her husband wiiuld be with hor in a few moments, and that his ohildren - and her'a wsro welcoming him - home. (To be continued.) 