horeiblestoeyfeom; IRELAND. WITOII BURNING AT CLONMEL, BURNING A WIFE. EXERCISING* THE FAIRIES. A terrible story of cruelty and super stition was Investigated at Clonznol Sessions. M, CJeary, liis father-in-law, and Bovon othor men woro charrrodwith H-troating Clenry's wifo at Clonoon, The prisoners include tho husband and fathor of tho decoased, hor . aunt, and sovoral cousins, and a harb doctor, tho latter being churgod as an accessory after tho fnut, and they woro hooted by a large crowd on tho way to tho court house. Tho witnotiios inclndo Rov. C. J. Ryan, of Drangan, who said Mans in Cleary's house, hoard Mrs. 01001/8 con fension, and ndminlstcrcd tho Sncram-mt to her on tho morning of hor death, tho object of his examination being to show tho state of mind of tho deoemod at the i timo, It appears from tho evidence given bofovo tho magistrate, and also boforo tho Coroner, that Mrs. Cloary was subjected to torture on tho night of tho 14th. A witness, named Simpson, said ho iroa preaent in tho woman's houno whon all ho prlsouora took, part in torturing h-jr. She waa forood toowiillow a docoction prepared by tho herb doctor to exorcise th« dovil which whs in ' hor, priaonors declaring that Bho was a wltoh, Ao cording to lyitnoss, the hunband otatod that sho had gono ^th tho fairies. Somo incantations woro rooited ovor tho fire, and a noxious fluid was thrown over the woman. Sho! was thon hold over tho kitchen Aro, tho husband asking hor while sho was roasting, 'Aro you ray wifo P' A rod-hot poker was alno used and burned tho woman's flesh terribly, DRIDQET OLEART, Tho woman aoroamod, and borgod them to lot her go, but thoy hold Tier down for somo timo before tho flro boforo flho was allowod to go. A woman namod Burke gavo aimilar toatluiony, Mrs, Cleary, on tho night following tho tor turo, disappeared from tho houso. Tho police ninno search for several days, find bho remains of the woman wero found in a holo in a dyke somo distance from tho houso. Sho was scantily clad, ond trnofls of tho fearful burning wore still apparent about hor body and head. On tho bnok tho floah wag burned to the bone. Tho Coroner's Irian jury roturne WHitRDJ BODV WAB FOUND, a vordiot to tho effect that death wa caused by burns, but how inflicted they had no evidonco to show. Tho coroner «aid it was ono of the most fearful instances of cruel superstition of which ho had ovor heard. Husband's Murder Confession. i. special court was hold at Clonmoi on Tuesday, by Col. Evnnson nnd Mr. C Grubb to hoar tho caso against tiio 10 persona ohargad with having murdered Mrs. Cleary. It appeared from tho ovidonoo of a woman named Bvuio, who had beon nursing Cleary, that tho lMtor was suffering from norrous oxeitoment and from a mild attack of bronchitis, and hor husband thought Bho was a witch. Ho gavo her -herbs whioh ho ob tained from tho horb dootor, tho other prisonoro holding hor while sho was forced to take them. Tho man thon called dn hor to say, in the narao of God that sho was not hie wifo. Sho was hold ovor tho flro to nialto her say this. These proceedings woro repeated on tho following night, whon the huBbaud knookod hor down, strippod off all hor olothes, poured paraffin oil ovor her, and sot flro to hor with a burning utick from tho hearth. Wliilo she was burn ing to death thore woro prosont six of tho male prisoners and two women, all relatives of the decoasod. Somo of thorn romonstratod with the huoband, but did nothing moro. Ho told thorn that it was not his wifo ho was burning but a witch, and that sho would dipap pear up the chimney, Ho rolled a sheet round tho charred body and, with the aid of ono of tho prisonors, buried it in adykononr liio house. Horo the re mains woro diacovored a wook after, wards by Sorgt. Rogers, of the Royal Irish Constabulary. SERGEANT ROGERS, William Slrapon said that ho saw herba forcibly given to tho docensod by her husband tho ' night bofore sho wau burned to doath. Tho four other pri sonorohold her down. Thoyaekodhor certain questions, and whon sho did not answor satisfactorily ono of tho prisoners called out, ' Mako n good flro and We'll Burn Her and mako her answor.' She was takon out of bod and hold ovor tho flro for 10 minutos. Hor body woe allowed to rest on tho grato, Sho had no olothes on at tho timo oxcopt a chomiso. Tho othor prisonora wero looking on, and did sot prevent it. Thoy shouted; in order to drive out witohoi and fairies. When tho decuagftd eventually annwored tbatuhe woo Bridget Clwuy, thoy wore lUiiitilU'd that they hud BrWg«t Oloary nnd not a witch, ftn-i put hor back to bod, The witnoea ncxthoaid that Mia. Cloary vmtj missing und ho did not again nee her alive. Eoy. C, Ryan, of Dranaan, Hlatod that the Ckmyfl wero iHoraborB of his congregation. Ho administered the laet rites to the dcccn&od;, Sho was wild and excited, Ut coherent, and ho had no suopioion of foul play or witch oruf't. If ho had suspected it ho uhouid havo rofused absolutely to say Muss in the house, and would havn given in formation to tho police On the follow ing day ho was informed deceased had beon burned to death. Ho was horror stricken, and told tho police he uuapeot «d foul ploy. Mrs. SiMi'ao.N'o Kvidknor, Mary Simpson, wifeof W. Simpson, said that on tho night of the 14th sho heard that Mrs. Cloary was ill, and went to tho Cloary's with her husband. They met Johanna Buvko and hor daughter on tho way, and went with them to tho hoiiBO. Sho hoard voiooa flhouting out, 'Tako it, you wrap,' or ' »trap.'T On tho door boing opouod thoy wont in. Rho heard tho maninsido nay, 'Away Bho goon,' ' Away oho goeii,' ns though thoy woro driving something out of tho house. It appeared to hor that thoy did not bollovo it was Mrs, Clearv who wsa thoro, nnd that they wanted to drivo away what wns in tho b«d, And what was that nuppoaod to bo P I don't know. As, for aa I saw, it was Atro, Cloary there and I beloivo thoy thought itwoa a witoh.butldid not* Whon I got in 1 saw Bridgot Cloary in bod. Sho was being hold on the bed by John Dunno andratriok Kennedy. Hor lnmbaud, Miohaol Cloary, wna standing at tho bodsldo with a Baucopan in his hand. Mrs. Cloary wns not soreumiug at this stage, and did not soom to bo in pain. Whon wo onterod tho houso tho door was locked on tho inuido. I hoard Mich ael Cloary say, ' All that was outside should stay outsidoaud all that WHS insido should utny inBide,'— What did that appear to you to moan P It appear ed to mo to be CONNKOTJJD WITn TllE 'T CuARMINO.' I don't know anything about witohcrnft at all. Michael Cloary gave his wife horbs, Baying, ' Take this In tho name of God,' and said, ' Brldgot Cloary, comeback to mo in the name of God.' I also saw water thrown on hor, and sho wrs raised in tho bod, Miohaol CleaTy thonnskod hor, ' In tho uaraooftho Fathor.Sou, and Holy Ghost, avoyou Bridget Cloary, wifo of Michael Cleavy, MICHAEL CL!KAHY, of Bally vadloa P' I did not hear her make any reply, though' tho question was ropeatea about three times, Fat Boland also quoationod hor, and sho ro pliod ' I am. They thon shook hor and sho acreauiod. Sho was thon carried to tho flro by tho four men named, John Dunno had her by tho head. I could not seo how tho othor mou had hor. Thoy brought her to the kitchen fire, woro thoro was a slow flro, I don't think it would bo onough to boil a kettlo. Pat Boland then repeated the same ciuostion, and the ropliod. ' You, dadiv. When they woro carrying hor to tho flre I hemd her saying ' not to mako a herring, of hor.' . They liold hov oloso down tho fire, but I could not say woather uhe was on tho flro, Thoy hold hor thoro for flvo minutes, I thought Did any of thorn do any thing to prevent this brutal treatment P No, Did thoy appear to dissent from it P, No, Witness (continuing) said that on tho questions boing aiiGwerod to the satisfaction of thoso in thi) room, Bridget Cloary wai taken back to bed, and nomo ono said that she received dry clothing1. She was now Raving, talking ob if sho did not know what sho was saying. Witnoso hoard noth ing about a red poker, but kho saw what sho thought was a burn mark on her forchoad, nnd aloo a bruise on tho nook,. Witness helped Mary Konnedy to put on dry clothing, As regards tho subsequent occurrences tho ovldanco of tho witnoas was tho same as that of hor husband. She heard somo'ono Bay that all qi e .tlons should bo nnsworod Woro 12 o clock. Why should thoy bo answer ed before midnight P It appeared to me to raenn that thoy could not drlvo away tho witch aftor 12 o'clock, (Laughter,) PATRICK BOLAND, Fat Boland told hor that Mrs, Cloary wont away from them on tho previous night nt 12 o'clock. Do you know where tho fairy ring Is P I know where it is, but I wns novor thoro. I hoard lc said by Michael Cloary on Sunday morning that his wifo was up at Kylonagranngh Fort, and that thoy would go for nor on Sunday night j that sho would bo on a grey horae, and thoy would hnvo to cut the cords that wero tying hor on tho horse, and thon sho would stay with him If ho wns able to keop hor. (Laughter.)— Did thoy go to tho fort that night P I don't know, but I hoard thoy woro to go.- -John Dunno horo askod tho witness who ordered Bridget Cloary to be Brought to tub fire, and tho witness ropliod ' John Dunno' —John Dunne \ That is all I havo to nnk hor, Being questioned by Miohaol Konnody, witnoso said sho did not see him do anything in the room in regard to Bridget Cloary, Miohaol Konnody said ho wished to explain how ho enrao to bo in tho house. Col, Evanson said that he would have an opportunity of, doing no nt tho close of the cnoo, Thouiua Smyth, «xuiuined, otated that ho was a favniur living at IiallyTadlou, IJ« know Bridget Cleary for 26 yoarfi, Hho wish a liativo of hl« loctiHty, Ha knew her hufibnnd for oight or ten yearn Wituoiis wan nlwnyn ou the hoot of torma with tho Clearyo. Ho know noth ing wrovtf with Mrs, Cleary in mind or body, Slio wnn always henlthy and strong, On tho evening of March 1G, having hoard that Bridget Cloary v/aa ill, ho went to tho houuo to soo hor, Sho wnu in bed, Hor hnnlaud wus thoro, and Johanna BiU'he, and John Dunne, Mrs. Clonry appeared to bo ill. Sho look ed delicnto and ' washy,' Witness ask cdhorhow nho wan. Sho madeflorao reply which ho did not undonitnnd, nnd ho did 'not rollout tho question, Ho thought sho knew him, Ho wim thoro nbout 10 mlnutoo, and then w«nt homo, At about eight o'clock in the evening1) Johanna Burltccaiuo to him, tuul In1 ac companied hor to tho Clonry'fl house, In the houso wero Michaol Clenry, Fat Boland, Mary Konnedy, Johanna Burke, and Fat Loahy. Mrs. Cii&ARY; was Lying in Bid. Tho husbnnd had a little bottlo in hie hand, and ho heked Mrs, Cleary to ' tako it.' Tl.oro wa^witnoBB thought, holy wator in It. . Ho asked hor to take it iu tho narao of the Fathor, Son, and Holy Qhont, ' and ahooald 'You' and took it,— Did that satisfy him P No, she had to nay, ' In tho name of the Fathor, Sou, and Holy Ghost' after him, which sho did. Ho then naked hor, would oho tako a sup of milk, and sho took it, Then, Clonry oaid that aB tho had company sho wan goiuff to drosB horself and got up. Sho cu'ghsqxI and coiuo to tho kitchen flre. Was them anything about 'pishoguos'P I boliovo there was. Sho said, 'There is no pishoguoB in ilo,' or Homothing liko that. What are 'pishogiU's' P Something liko wltohoraft, I underhand, Did sho Buy anything about boing with tho fairies P I did not hoar it. I loft about 12 o'clock,— District-Inapt. Wanaborough then was sworn, and said ho visited tho homo of Michaol Clenry after ho heard the ro port of tho ill-treatment of his wifo on on Maroh 14, CLHAUl'a COTTAGE, was a labourer's cottago, containing threo apartment*, lie saw the dent body of MrB. Cloary lying whero il was discovered on March 22, and ox amlnod its appeorauco. Tho lowor parts of tho abaomon woro complotoly ohavrod and burnod, also the hips and baok bolow tho waist. The flesh wns burnod off the hips nnd bonos, and the internal organs woro plainly visible Both hands were also burnod, and tho flngor-bonos charred. Tho faco was not burned, nnd wcw quite rccognio ablo. Tho witnesses examined on Thursday iuoludod persons who accom panied tho husband of deceased to Fairy i'ort, on the Kylenagrana Hill, on the night after she was burned to doath and buriod in tho dyko, tho belief bo ing that she would appoo/r in fairy form on a white hono, and thatif tho cords tying hor wore out; with a blaolc handled knifo oho would return homo, the witch having boon banished out of her. Mary Konnedy mado a statomont; In hor own dofoimo, Sho said on the seoond night. March 12, when Thomas Smyth uslfod tho docoased how sho wat, oho implied, ' Ho ia making a fairy of mo, Tihroo of tho boys camo at cloven, and thoy said, ' Bridgot, I am vory glad to ouo you up. ' Cloary and Johtmna Bourke wore at the tablo for a long timo till nbout ono o'clock in the morning, Deponent wont and strotoh edhersolfattho nido of tho bed, and sho was not a long timo asloop when Bho hoard a roar, and someone saying, ' Mothor I Mothorl Bridgot is burned, ' Sho ran to the door andnnid, ' What alia ye P' nnd sho run down and said to Cleary, ' What are you, doing to tho oroaturo P Ia it roasting hor you aro P ' Cleary gave deponent a ehouldor and Pitched Hbh Abide, Johanna Bourko ran to hor nnd pulled her back into tho room. Sho looked out again in a vory little timo. ' If you como out nny moro, ' said Cloary, ' I'll roast yon down as well ns her, ' Deponent stayod, Bitting on tho choir opposito tho door, and Baw Brldgot Cloary in a blazo with lamp oil, Whon sho turnod again and looked out, Cleary caught Bridgot on tho head anc throw hor on tho floor lilto he would thruw an old chair, thon ho got an old blanket and an old shoet and put Mrs. Oleary in it j ono of her foot was up to tho grate, and Cloary gave hor a oraok with tho rhoc of his foot and iho shook of it wont all ovor her clathoo, So Cloary rolled his wifo up in tho bag and in tho sheet, and ho loft her on the middle of tho floor, wont to tho door, and opened it. ' Oh, God help ub, ' said deponent, ' Ho'll stiok us all with his knifo Cloary had a blaok-handlod knifo.' Ho pulled tho knife out of his pookot, camo to tho room door and said, 'aro you ( there, Pataoy Konnedy P' Ho got no auswei;, 'Woll, 'said Cloary, ' I '11 call your name throo timon, nnd ir you don't answer mo I'll drivo tho knifo to tho handlo ? in through you. ' ' Oh, Patsoy, ' said deponent, 'answer him at all ovents or he'll stick you, ' Sp Pivtsoy answorod him at tho third timo. ' Como out here, ' said Cloary j ' I have tho hole nearly made ; as I did not drivo tho devil out through tho ohiuinoy, I'll ( Drive Hkr Out TiiRouan The Door. ' So both of them wont, and thoy caught tho corpBo, and when they brought her outside the door Clenry locked tho door on thoio inside, and said. ' Now ye can't inform whorol put hor. ' Thoy woro about an hour out j whon thoy camo baok, and ho opened the door ho Bald, ' now yo can t inform^ whore I put hor, whatever.' Doponqnt and hoy bodios (pooplo) avrao home uioii, and Miko Cloary kopt nornping the traces of tho poor creature and tha oil off his olothoB. Depononttold'Fatsoy to go down to tho police bnrrnoks and tell what bad boon done, but ho would .not go. Miehn.ol Clqnry enmo down that night, and deponent told him, howovor ho sorapod, he would not get rid of tho blood stains of his wifo.' ' Oh, Mary, ' said ho, 'nho was not my wifoj and wo'll go to night to' Kylona Granagh Fort, and woUl got hor riding1 a groy horao, nnd wo'll cut tho ropoo and wo'll bring hor hoino. ' So he gathered a lot of peoplo for ouo or two nighta, and they would not go with him nny moro. That wns all sho (Mary Kennedy) had to say, and sorry she was to havo to bqy it, Tho otb.gr pri flonora mado ctntomonta agreoing in tho JUfiin with tho evidence previously given, At tho clone of tho evidonco Col. Evnnson uudho and his collcmguoa hud most carofully coneidored tho ovidcauo in ? , Thib Awni Cabtii, and itu effect on each prieonor. There wore no doubt, different dograeo oi oul pabilityj but,, notwithstanding thin diil'rouco, thoy woro of opinion that there was a distinct question no to whether tho ocourveucea of Friduy night, March 15, woro not a logal continuance of tho vory grievous torture inflicted, on tho decoaHod on tho previous night. Therefore, thoy would order tho com mittulot fillninopriBonorsto tho next nsahou to bo held for tho South Riding of Tipporary. 