A MISCARRIAGE OF JUSTICE. '?? . An innocent man goes to gaol foe life. Yesterday the Advocate stated that the Dean poisoniDg case threatened to deve lop into a great judicial scandal. It has now done so — it has developed. The ? Cabinet has falsified its promise to the Houso not to consider the case until after opportunity bad been given for evidence to be adduced of the condemned man's innocence (sic) by deciding upon a sentence of imprisonment for life, with in a few hours of the Assembly meeting. It is not too much to say that there has occurred a miscarriage of justice beside which the case of Buttner, sentenced to ' death, and cast for the gallows by the \- Executive; and shown to bo innocent on the very eve of his entering into eternity, five years agoin Sydney, becomes paled. Evidence of the accused man's innocence, indeed 1 Why, so far, there is not a shred of evidence of his guilt. It wa3 not presented at the Police Court. It was not preseuted at the final trial. ' It has not been presented since. What does the story against the prisoner amount to ? This: , That he was a good citizen, and ack nowledgedly outside his own home, an excellent husband. ? That his wife and he became estranged — why it is impossible to state with any accuracy- — and that the former became ill, and had her mother, between whom and the accused there was the usual difficulty, only much more pronounced, to stay with her.' That the sick woman was ordered to ' take ? ' imedicine by a doctor, and took it, (evidence of husband and wife) ; and that it made her very ill by bringing on violent purging and vomit ing (her evidence only) ; and that there v ? was afterwards found in the empty glass (this beyond all manner of doubt) certain poison (which, of course, may easily have been put there after the con tents had been drunk, though such a thing did not, with the judge, jury and Cabinet, ever appear to suggest itself.) That the person to bring in — aye, to insist upon and bring in — the doctor, ' ? was the accused himself ; and that, as a consequence, it wa9 he who invited, it matters not if indirectly, the examina tion Which led to his arrest and trial. (Does a man knowingly court death ?) That, although cautioned in tho usual way, the accused was perfectly free in his statements at all times (as, if he knew his own innocence, he would be); but v that at the trial which followed, Mrs. Dean, his wife, on the other hand openly contradicted herself on oath, having to be cautioned by Mr. Giles, S.M., for swearing to be false, what she previously had sworn to be true. (Which reminds one of the frequency of . perjury m this colony). That, at that trial, when the evidence was, in her opinion, going against her husband, she exhibited such feeling of delight, as induced the official named to . speak to her as follows : ' Madam, I mast say, your conduct is improper, and that the levity you display, considering the serious position in which your hus \- bandstands, is disgraceful. Your conduct' is scandalous.' That, at the trial which follow.ed, at the Criminal Court, the Crown Prosecutor's main contention for guilt was the fact (?) that, although Dean had given his wife enough poison to have killed ' several persons,' the poisons used, being arsenic and strychnine, had acted as antidotes, one of the other, and so saved her (when it was scientifically demonstrable that arsenic and strychnine are independent agents of death, equally as efficacious when taken together as when taken separately). , That, in no case involving a matter of life and death, had a Minister of the Crown before appeared to prosccute for years, Beeingjlhat he, who would urge the condemnation of accused in Court, would ? have to deliberate in Cabinet as to whether that condemnation should carry tho weight of death or not. That no proof was ever made that the woman had swallowed any poison at all, the assumption all along being, as stated before, that its presenco in the dreg9 of her medicine glnss and food was evidence that she had taken it (when, provenly, death would have resulted had she done so). That tho judge directed the jury that someone must have ' administered' tho poison, (when it was never shown that it had been administered, and when it was quite clear that had it been administered death must have supervened, since in even tho drogs of tho medicino which she, the patient, swore she had taken, there was enough poison remaining to kill several persons). That tho jury, being in doubt on tho matter, and being prepared to give the prisoner tho benefit of that doubt, so far as was concerned the Crown, tho judge threatened to lock it up till Monday (it was then Saturday) unless it arrived at a verdict before midnight, at tho same time using words which were tantamount to an express in ptruction to find Dean guilty — ' Either Mrs. Dean took the poison herself, or her husband gave it her ; and is tho first part of this at all likely ?' in effect. That tho jury oventually found tho accused man guilty with a recommenda tion to mercy ; and that the judge in sentencing the prisoner to death, stated he was as sure that the poison had been administered (tnark 'administered' !) by the accused himself as though he, the j dg-, hpd seen him with his own eyes, (when only a short time ago, the same high magistrate said iu effect, in a news paper, that he was as sure Mrs. Mellon could raise ghosts as though ho, himself, had seen the spirits). That the Cabinet, on his Honor's re port and such evidence as it might care to review, none of it pointing to guilt, decided that, instead of dying on the scaffold, Dean should pass the remainder of his life in gaol. That is a summary of tho case to date, and here is an interview, published injus tice to the prosecution, which the Herald' has just had with the foreman of the jury : — On what point in his evidence did he con vict himself 1 In regard to the putting of the powder into the tumbler that contained milk and soda. It you remember the evidence of Mrs. Dean, it was to the effect that when her hus band returned on his bicycle with the medi cine from the chemist he took a tablespoon, and measuring out the. medicine placed it in the tumbler containing the milk and soda, and also put into the tumbler a powder, and stirred it up with a teaspoon. [Her state ment.] When his wife asked him what the powder was, he replied : ' The doctor has ordered a powder.' [Her statement ] After she had taken the medicine he went to his work, and she felt worse. The next dose was administered by her mother, who on looking for a powder to mix with it could not find any and gave it to the patient without any. [Her statement.] The doctor on calling next day was informed that Mrs. Dean had not had any powder in the dose administered to her by her mother, when he expressed surprise, and said he had not ordered any powders. Mrs. Dean informed the doctor that in the dose administered by her husband a powder was mixed with it. [Her state ment.] Dean, who was downstairs, was called up, and denied having put any powdor in the medicine, and at the same time walked out of the room. [His statement.] When asked by the jury why he did so without ex plaining all about it, he said he did not want to quarrel with his wife. Dean's whole statement with regard to this mixing of the medicine on that occasion corresponded with that of his wife's, with the exception that he denied adding the powder but admitted that he mixed the medicines himself, no one else being in the house, and that his wifo drank them in his presence just as they left his own hands. [Poison evidently put in after drinking.] His wanting to have beef tea saved for his own use. his statement that he drank sour stout, and many other points in his own evidence which presented them frelves to the jury in a very different manner to that in which they were given to the out side public through the medium of the press, caused the jury, who were perhaps in doubt before they heard the man's own statement, to entirely change their minds. [Their minds 1] When we retired on Friday even ing prior to the Judge's summing up, as far as I could see. although no vote was taken, we stood about eight to four — the eight be ing to convict. The bracketed notes are the Advocate's, and they are put in lest, through any hasty perusal, the reader should jump at a wrong conclusion. Passing by the fact that true British justice compels the Crown to prove an accused man's guilt, and not an accused man to prove his own in nocence, and that, if a doubt exists which is caused by the Crown's failure to establish, an accused man shonld get the benefit of it in all cases, the Advocate is brought to the argument (!) of the statement above given, to ask : What is there in it ? The foreman of the jury states that Dean convicted himself of murder (!) and he attempts to set the examples forth in the language above given. Where are they ? The Advocate can't find the des crepanciea necessary to convict of murder, and it defies anyone else to do so. But possibly we are dealing with an ' average juryman,' of that great body which, on three occasions already, has found that one man can conspire with himself, and on one occasion, at least., that poison ing by a quack is partly pardonable, ' be cause of his ignorance of the drug used.'. Says this intellectual gentleman in the coucluding sentence of his statement : — ? ' If at any other time I can throw fur ther light on what appears to the public a difficult case, and yet to the jury a plain and simple one, I will be very happy to do so.' Happy juryman, to be able to throw further light on what the public cannot see for themselves, and thrice happy public to have such a master unraveller of intricacies, whose modesty as to his own great ability, passes all human understanding as much as his use of the word ' will' in place of 1 shall' passes all rules of orthodox English. 