NEOBALGTA Usually is none at night. Woife's Schnapps secures rest and repoeo !o the sufferer, aad restores aerroos equilibrium. B.ETUBNED FEOSI THE BARBIEE - The great firo m Block 11 v beginning to make itself apparent in these parte, as a number of ihe minors thrown out of work buvo found tbeir way back to Wa-laroo Mines. They expected to find the ssate of labour more brilliant and more money in circulation, but were sorely disappointed. Most of them hive been offered work, bat era not eatiefi-id wi'i> the prices. They will either retarn again to the Barrier or go to the Golden West. THB RAINBOW FAIB.-The long looked for Rainbow Fair in connection with the Congre gational Church is to be held on Wednesday next, August 7, in the Xovrn Ball, to be opened at 3 o'clock in the afternoon by his Worship tbe Mayor. The fair will be continued ail tbe eTening and a good musical programme has been provided both for the afternoon and eTening. Quite a wide interest has been taken and very many useful and ornamental articles nil! be offered. Produce of all descriptions, fancy and plain goods, flowers and pot plante, refreshments and sweets. People will not need to go home for tes. THB PIPE TBACK.-The pipe track which has been taken through the town, under the supervision of Mr is'hoobridge, was terminated on. Thursday last, and, consequently, a large number of men hare been thrown oat of employment. It was thought that the track would be the means of giving work to the men for a considerable period, but as they were labouring under this pleasant impresioo they were notified that their eervies were no longer required, and it is not known when they will be able to start again. On the 23rd or July about 25 men were taken on to lay the pipes from Kadina to Moonta and they sre still at work at 6s 6 i per chair. Tbej are making rapid progress, and it wil not take long to do tbe 10}- miies necessary to complete their job. BAIKFAZL AT YAEAEOO.-The following is the rainfall registered at Yararoo for the month of July, 1895:-July. 1st-. 0 050 ; 6th, 0 090 ; 9th, 0 045 ; 10:h, 0*240 ; 11th. 0*010 ; 13th, 0-060; 14th, 0*130 ; 15th, 0*060 ; 18th, 0 240; 19th, 0100; 20th, 0*350 ; 21st, 0-135; 22nd, 0 030; 25th, 0*190; 27th, 6030; 29th, 0*010; 30th, 0*010; total, 1*780 on 17 days. KADINA BPTTEB J^CTOBY. - For some time past Mr T. M. Seidell has been endeavouring to complete the erectjon of his butter factory at Kadina "with all possible speed, but his efforts were interfered with on account of the wet weather. However, the elements settled, and lie was enabled to finish his work. Mr Haliday, fponj the Australian Implement Company, came to Kadina on Tuesday to put the separator and appliances together and get it into proper working order. This has now been accom plished, and, as announced in another column, Mr Rendell is prepared to receive any quantity of milk on Tuesday next, August 6. BUBSTNG ACCIDENT.-^-GO Friday evening as Mrs J. Evans (Mayoress of Wallaroo) was bathing her child the youngster by pome means capsized the lamp, which stood on the table. The place was set alight, but tbe fire was extinguished before any damage was done. A&iiioif; SaMSi--We have bepn asked to draw attention to Malcolm & Co.'e saHj on Friday acd Satarday, 9th aitid ifeth Angus*, when tliey will offar the. furniture, baggie.", tJrais, and liorsbB of tlio <GHobe Ilotel, Walla i'30j oil account of Mrs Francis learing the Peninsula*. Every Article required in a good household wilt be found at this large and important sale. FOOTBAHi.-A match between the team from the Peninsula to visit Adelaide tbiB month and tbe next best 25 players will take place on the Moonta Show Grounds this afternoon. Sixpence admission will be charged (the proceeds to be devoted to (he widow and family of the Ute Mr A. Trenibath), and as the Moonta Military Band ?will be in attendance, there should be a large number present, A TALL STOEY.-As long as animals are on earth, lite two legged will tell wondrous rtories about the four legged. No doubt the four legged return the compliment, but we, ale?, never know whether the tales ore creditable to us or whether they reveal the true character of man. Here is a story of a dog of Flanders -> not by Oaida. No one is obliged to believe it:-" A. dog of Fiandera went into a fox's earth, as it appears to tie the way of Flanders dogs to do, in order to bare it out with the fox. The owner of the dog stood listening to (he noise of war inside, chuckling anticipative of the triumphant return of liia terrier, All, however, did not go as usual. Threo and twen'y days passed, and the dog had not reappeared. It began to bo pretty evident titnt the fox hud the best of it. But on the twenty fourth dpiy the owner, watchine against bope at tho hole, eaw something weirdly vulpine, and it instantly snapped at the wateher. But the rest of it was tbe terrier right enough, and that portion immediately wagged i's tail. Tbe recipient of these mixed demonstrations stared at tbe !!>!!)?, rather ogliasN Later on he convened a council of his friends to pronounce ution it. Sr,n)e ®ai(} the fox had eaten the dog. Others were of tfcp opinion that the dog iiad eau-D the fox, and not djgpfiteij him. Tho. properest eiphnstion teem4 hare tt:ut the dog oud the fox had eaten one another down to a retrain point, and that this singul&r; lubrid was tho result. Tbe owners calls it a los terrier," ENTERTAINMENT AT MQOSTA. - The recital of Charles Dickens' Christmas Carol by the B6v. J. Nairn on Friday evening, in the Institute JfalK Moonta, on behalf of the late A- Trenibath'? wjdov/ and family, drew a fairly large house. The lecturer 4epicted tn forcible language and dramatic iaction Malley's ghosts, evoking hearty applause throughout. The proceeds amounted to £10. A comprehensive vote of thanks was given the lecturer and the local Press. ABBOR DAY.-This event will take place at Wallaroo Mines at 9.30 a.m. ; Kadinij, 11.30 n.iii. ; and Wallaroo Bay 2.30 on Wednesday, 7<h August. The B >ard wil! atteni at each school. The Minister $f JCdiK-ation h<js been invited to be present, $:na wili includc short addressee, singing by tbe children, and treeplanting. At Wallaroo the usual demonstration will take place, his Worship the Mayor havinj kindly promised to defray the cost of refresh meats to tbe scholars. As usual, at Wallaroo the Roman Catholic school, Cairn Hill school and Public school will all unite. The pa-ents and tho public arj invited to attend any of these gatherings. 