SEALED ORDERS^ OB THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. I This. Story - ia written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Bryues of the Kerr York Mot CHAPTER IV. THE DOCTOR'S THEORY. . Bitter, indeed, vu the disappointment o the detective when he learned that the very person—in bust, the rrnly one—from whom he hoped to glean very necessary and im portant information in the oase to whiah he had been assigned was dead. The sealed orders sent to him by Chief Ihspeotor Byrnes, which he had not perused until he reached his room in the Arlington after his hasty flight from New York, bad directed him to communicate at once with the mother of Theresa Orlando. The result of tnat communication we have seen. Nothing came from it beyond the slight knowledge.of the woman herself winch Nick was enabled to glean from the short and unfruitful interview. Bat stop 1. More bad come from it. fie had seen j enough to establish a conviction in bis mind j which he was now somewhat reluctant to j admit/even to himself, First, he had no belief in the theory that the Benora Orlando had died of a broken heart. Having himanlf seen the symptoms which the woman had developed only a few hoars before her mysterious death he could in no way attribute them to overmastering sorrow. Some other and more powerful agency was at work than tnat ot despair over the loss of a child, fie felt confident of that, and ne had spent much of the night in thinking upon tne snbjeot and in developing his puns for the interview wnioh was to nave taken place an.tne morning.. Those plans, arranged after - careful thought, suddenly tell to the ground, useless and of no.account ; but there still remained to him the opinion he had formed in tne quiet watches ot the. night, by which he accounted for the physicai and mental con dition in which he had foand the bereaved woman. It was bis thorough belief in that opinion I Which caused- turn, to. make the sotto voce j remark at tne end of the preceding chapter. As soon, therefore, as he finished his breakfast he took his way to the residence of the family physician—the same one who had been called when the daughter Theresa was foand dead upon her bed with' the shattered fragments of a wineglass lying upon the floor beside her. Doctor Jerome was a young man, both in years and in professional experience, but his ability was unquestioned, and already he had won an enviable reputation as a skilful practitioner. But the detective was destined to disap pointmeht. Whes he reached the house of th« physician he was informed that the doctor had gone out a few moments before, and it was not known when he would return. Near by was the house at which Nick had called the preceding evening, and as he in stinctively gbuioed toward it he saw, in the act of ascending the stone steps,'the figure of a """» who was unmistakably' a physician. To hasten forward and address him before be bad time to press the electric button of the door was bnt the work of a moment. •'Pardon me," he said to the man npon j thesteps; "areyon not Dr Jerome?" "Yes," was the reply, "and I cannot be j interviewed." " Pardon me again," said Nick, ooolly; j "Tam not a reporter, bat an officer of the | law," #• Ah!' "If you will meet me at your office in an I hour l wili not detain yon now, sir." I The doctor hesitated a moment, then he J turned'and descended, the-steps. "I will go with you now," he stud, "fori nnless I err yon are from New York, and ] are sent here by Ohief Inspector Byrnes." Nick was surprised, bnt he did not show j it. At the same time he wondered how this j mmi, « stranger to him, knew so much. fie made no reply, and the two men re crossed the street together, and two minutes later'were closeted in the doctors office. The detective saw, In the clear-cut features, broad brow, and keen eyes of the physician outlines of a character in whiah he believed the: greatest confidence mignt be reposed, mud she outward evidence of an analytical mind, which, if correctly directed, woula prove of. inestimable benefit to him in the work he had to do. " Doctor,he said as soon as they were alone together, ".before touching upon, the motive of my call here this momuig.I wish,, in addition to.keying yon .my name and occupation, to request that you will observe the utmost discretion—nay, aosomte secrecy —regarding everything which takes place between ns." "Certainly, sir. The first thing that a doctor should acquire is tne ability to keep a secret." " Undoubtedly.' •'I wisn to aay, however, that I have, very little time to. place at your disposal thn> morning.' '•My business, doctor, refers to precisely, the same thing which engrosses your, attention this morning," replied Nick. " Indeed ] May 1 ask—" "I refer to tne sadden death of Mrs| Orlando." "Ah i" " Doctor, here oomes my secret. I am a I detective, and I nave oeen sent here by f Chiet Inspector Byrnes, of New Tors, fur purposes which 1 will not now panto to explain." "Presumably, however, to investigate certgfihuqnesiiiDnB which were reierred to yoafcohiei ihc night, before lsst." " You know, tnen " " I know that much at least." " Tn«", after informing you that the name upon the card you nold in your hand is the one by which I prefer to be known for the present, we can proceed at once to basiness," "-Certainly. . If I know you only as Mr Gregory Green I son not likely to address you-by any other-name." "Xhank yon. May I now ask yon number of questions 1" "As many as you like." " Did you know that I called upon Mrs J Orlando last evening V ** I knew, that somebody called; a person of whom we have a very meagre description. I may add that the police are now searching for that unknown individual." "Indeed |" "Yes." " Then some other cause than that of a j broken-heart is suspected as the reason of j Mrs Orlando's death." " No; another cause is known.' " Ah I" " Shewas poiBoned." The ghost of a smile shone for an instant I _ 4-kn rlafanfivn'a fnoo un Ha sa.fr! nniptlo " I On the detective's face ae he said, quietly: "l owne here for the purpose of making ] that identical statement to you." " Indeed 1 Then you " " J discovered, or at least believed I did, I the symptoms of narcotio poisoning when I saw the unfortunate woman last night." | "Yon ehouid have selected my profession, Mr Green." "Perhaps. But tell me, please, how you j made < the discovery, and why you failed to detect it until too late to prevent the conse quences." ••That is very simply told." ■"Yee?" •'liver since the death of her daughter Mrs Orlando has refused to see anybody except her maid. You, I believe, are-the only person with whom ehe is known to have conversed, although this sudden calamity would indicate " " Tnat the supposition is wrong." •• Exactly." '• When did you last see her, doctor 1" •• Immediately after the funeral of her daughter." " Mow did she appear then ?" " Overcome by grief." "Naturally. But, to insist, was there anything is her maimer at that time, or in her appearance, upon wbioh yon oan now look back, with the feeling that if you had j folly grasped tire situation then yon could 1 have prevented the death that occurred laBt night?'' Yes—and no." " Will you explain?'* " I had a vague idea when 1 left her that day that she was ill. Her pallor was too great, and the expression of her eyes denoted "What?* "Either incessant weeping, or the use of a narootio of some kind.'" ••Ah?' "1 adopted the latter theory, believing that she had merely sought solace in its use. The subject was too delicate for me to intro duce at that time, and I really thought no more about it uutil last night." •« And then—— * " Then, sir, 1 leaped to a decision out of which 1 cannot argue myself." "That was " "That she was poisoned." " Ahf 1 " Understand me ; everything in the room where she was found would indicate that she had merely used the 'drug for mental relief, and had died of an overdose which was self-administered.' 