MEMBERS of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly have acted wisely and in the best interests of the country in deciding that the tariff question shall not be treated as a party one. On behalf of the Ministry Mr BEST had previously disclaimed any in- tention of making the various items of the new proposals Government or party questions.. The responsibility for them lies with the Assembly, and it is left to the Assembly to exercise its discretion accordingly and to endeavor to formulate a tariff that will be ad- vantageous to the colony as a whole. There may be keen disappointment in view of the almost infinitesimal con- cessions indicated by the Government in many instances, and in view of the numerous additions made to the list of dutiable articles and the increased rates on some others. But the posi- tion does not warrant a direct attack on the Ministry by a vote of want of confidence. More will probably be gained in the end by accepting the reductions proposed as far as they go and making every effort to induce the Government to go further, not in any spirit of hostility to the Ministry, but in the interests of the country generally; and in considering those interests members have to bear in mind the immense and increasing disparity between the number of opera- tives for whose benefit high duties are maintained and those who are outside the favored classes. The official esti- mate made as recently as September last, gave the total of male and female workers in factories and workshops, even down to the modest workroom employing not more than four hands, as 39,815. A large proportion of these are unprotected, but taking the full number it is a very small minority as compared with two to three hundred thousand en- gaged in other pursuits. It is in the interests of this large number employed in unprotected industries that the Opposition members are asked to steadily and steadfastly strive for a reduction of the higher duties, and more particularly all that press upon the producers. As Mr GRAVES put it on Tuesday, members have to consider not what individuals, or firms, or iso- lated classes want, but what the country wants. Pending the resumption of the tariff debate, hon. members have an embar- rassing profusion of measures to occupy their attention. Among these the bills to amend the Juries Act and Supreme Court Act, introduced on Wednesday, are of wide interest. The former, according to the Attorney- General, will save about £3000 a year by reducing the excessive fees now paid to jurors. At present 40 men may be summoned for jury work and paid £20 in all for their first day’s attendance, while for the second and third days 12 of them would receive £12 in fees, raising the total to £32. Under the bill the fees for the first, second, and third days would be 7s each instead of 10s; for the next three days 10s instead of £1; and for every subsequent day £1 instead of £2. Litigants will be required to pay for the jurors’ services on the second and third days instead of only after the third day, as at present, but on the whole the cost to them will be obviously reduced. The bill has been through committee, with the exception of the fourth and last clause, which makes a somewhat notable departure. Under the exist- ing law when the litigants fail to pay jurors’ fees the Crown has to pay them, but the new bill provides that when parties fail to pay the fees the judge may discharge the jury and pro- ceed as if none had been empanelled an innovation which the Assembly has deferred for further consideration. The Supreme Court Act Amend- ment Bill also aims at economy in the Law Department to the amount of £3500 per annum. Under it the Government seeks to place the Supreme Court fees with regard to executions in the same position as those of the County Court; to make the bailiffs, now subsidised to the extent of £3500 a year, self-supporting; to empower the Crown and Supreme Court to try offences in any part of Victoria; to abolish the distinction of bailiwicks as far as the sheriff is concerned, and to render the sheriff in name,as he already is actually, the sheriff of Victoria. It is little better than a farce that at present he cannot deal with property in a par- ticular bailiwick without a writ or execution being addressed to him as sheriff of that bailiwick, a course of procedure which often necessitates de- lays, difficulties, and expenses. The measure has some meritorious points in so far as it tends to permit of facili- tating, expediting, and cheapening procedure in certain cases, but the provisions allowing the judges greater discretionary power as to changing the venue of any trial, criminal or other- wise, will arouse some opposition, and possibly require modification. By 347 votes to 3 the resident landholders of Mildura have expressed their approval of the formation of the district into a trust and the passing of the Trust Bill. This indication of their feeling removes from the Govern- ment the last vestige of an excuse for hesitating to proceed with the bill owing to doubts as to whether it met the wishes of the majority, and as to their bona fides. Nothing is now asked from the State by the settlers or the promoters of the settlement but that the Government should take up the bill and have it passed promptly into law. It has been accepted by all parties concerned as equitable and satisfactory; it has stood the search ing review of the Commissioner of Titles and gained the favorable en- dorsement of the head of the Water Supply Department, and it is difficult to conceive of any impediment that should hinder its being readily passed by both Houses. By means of it Par- liament would give a sorely needed stimulus to the prosperity of the irri- gation settlement, and it should lose no time in showing practical goodwill towards that new and important pro- vince of Victoria by, adopting the pleasure, which has been endorsed almost with unanimity as essential to its progress. THE Inspect Pests Bill, introduced by the Minister of Agriculture on Wednesday in, the Assembly, will probably commend itself to the approval of orchardists, vineyard owners, and fruit growers generally. The ravages already wrought by insect pests, such as the codlin moth, phylloxera and others, have been suf- ficiently serious to emphasise the necessity for more stringent laws to cope with them, and the more vigorous and effectual enforcement of every possible precaution. Vigilance, careful tillage, and precautions against the outbreak of disease in individual instances, or even, in the generality of cases, are of little, avail unless they are enforced all round, and this the new measure is designed to accom- plish. It embodies stringent pro- visions empowering the Governor- in-Council to absolutely, prohibit the introduction of any diseased plants, and even their transfer from one part of Victoria to another, and for the im- mediate destruction of alt such plants when discovered. Inspectors will be authorised to examine any land on which diseased vegetation may be growing, or insect pests found, and to compel the owner to eradicate all disease from and destroy all insects or fungi on all trees, plants, or vegetables growing on the land. Penalties up to £10 are provided for in cases of neglect to comply with the Act. On the other hand, no person will be en- titled to any compensation whatever in consequence of any measures taken for the eradication of pests, nor for any damage caused in this, way unless it be occasioned wilfully and without necessity. The measure is drastic in this and other respects, but the fast increasing importance of the fruit growing industry which is transform- ing many districts in the colony, and has shown such marked progress at Mildura, and in the Goulburn Valley in particular, justifies stern measures to check the introduction or spread of pests which, if they became general, would cause incalculable loss. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the Juries Act Amendment Bill was carried through committee with slight alterations, but the third reading, which the Premier asked might be proceeded with, was blocked by Mr Maloney. The Supreme Court Act Further Amendment Bill was passed through com- mittee, read a third time, and ordered to be transmitted to the Council. The Premier moved the second reading of a bill, the abject of which is to enable any Civil servant who would be entitled to a pension at the age of 60 on retirement to retire at any time on a pro- portionate pension. There were now 171 officers absent on leave, on a salary equal to their pension under such a measure, who were willing to retire if such a bill was passed. There would be a saving of £19,000 a year. Mr Hancock urged that lady teachers who had retired before their pensions accrued should be allowed to benefit under the bill. Mr G. D. Carter urged that that would be perpetuating a system they had set their faces against. Mr Trenwith opposed the principle of releasing pensioners in the prime of life to compete with those who contributed towards their pensions. The Premier said he would rather lose the bill than accede to Mr Hancock’s proposal and open the door to similar applications from all State employes whose services had been dis- pensed with. An elderly man named Boiler, a resident of O'BriEn street, died last night in consequence of injuries received by accidentally falling into a creek at Sulky Gully. From enquiries made by the police,it appears that the deceased and a man named Brown ware on Tuesday last at Redmond’s hotel, Sulky Gully, where they had several drinks. They left the house together, and, in crossing a plank, Boiler slipped and fell into a creek, breaking his back. By some unexplained means Brown did not notice his comrade’s misfortune, and went on his way. Some time laterthe deceased was found by two men, who carried him back to the hotel, and the following morning he was brought to Bal- larat. Medical-assistance was obtained, but the case was a hopeless one. The matter has been reported to the coroner. Members of the City Board of Advice were last night very severe in their remarks upon the effects of retrenchment in the Education Department. Mr Tutton (chairman) in com- menting upon a report laid before the meeting (published elsewhere), remarked that if all the schools in the colony were conducted with similar staffs to those in this district the pre- vailing state of affairs was not at all credible to our educational system. Mr Vallins sub- mitted a motion complimenting the teaching staffs and the monitors for the way in which they had performed their duties under adverse circumstances. We had not yet, he, said, reached the bottom as far as retrenchment in the Education Department was concerned. The department were drafting teachers away from Ballarat, as they were required for other places, and were putting monitors in their places, and in another year there would be fewer experienced teachers and more monitors. Sixth class children were doing the work of the department for nothing, and consequently the Government were “sponging” as no private employer would. The motion complimenting the present staffs of children was unanimously carried. Mr. R. U. Nicholls, the wellknown seeds- man and florist, of Ballarat, has placed himself in communication with the Agricultural De- partment relative to the utilisation of the sugar beet grown in the district, and has received the following reply from the secretary, Mr D. E. Martin:— "In reply to your letter of the 20th ult., requesting that the department should undertake the testing of sugar beet, I have the honor to inform you that it has been satisfact- orily proved that sugar beet grown in Victoria is rich in saccharine, and it is not considered necessary to have any further analyses made. As a sugar factory is not yet established, the crops should be utilised for feeding stock." The reply is not considered satisfactory, and it is probable that a meeting will be discuss the matter. It is considered by those who have taken an interest in the matter somewhat strange that the Government should urge farmers to cultivate sugar beet as an alternative crop, and then inform them that there is no market for it. A valuable picture, purchased by the Thompson presentation committee, has been added to the already extensive and admirably selected collection at present on view at the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery. The new work of art is entitled “A Bore in the Hoogly," and is by Benetta, a famous artist, who painted “Jupiter and Preneuse,” a picture which it much resembles in dimensions. The scene depicts the effects of one of the cyclonic dis- turbances which annually occur in Bengal Bay, and powerfully represents the destruction of shipping which occurred on the 27th of June, 1883. This, the latest addition addition, will prove an acquisition to the gallery, and reflects credit upon the artistic taste of those gentle- men who selected it. The picture will be open to the inspection of the public in the course a few days. A largely attended and enthusiastic meeting of Scottish citizens was held at the City Hall last night to form a Caledonian Society in Bal- larat. Cr A. Bell presided, and amongst present were the Hon. T. D. Wanliss, M. L. C., Cr J. G. M Donald and Mr J. P. Murray, J. P. The chairman and Mr Wanliss addressed those present upon the advisability of forming such a society, and referred to the important part the manly Highland games played in the history of Scotland. After discussion it was unanimously decided to form a Caledonian Society, and the following committee was an pointed to define the objects of the society and report to a future meeting:—The Hon. T. D. Wanliss, M.L.C., and Messrs A. Bell, J. P., Murray, Ritchie, Troup, Munro, Grant, Shaw, Adam, Ross, Douglas, J. Ronaldson, McCrae J. Smith, M'Kenzie, J. Y. M’Donald. Stud- dard, J. B. Gray, Young, W. D. Hill, and J G. McDonald. Before the meeting dispersed Messrs Bell, Grant, White, and Adam danced a Scottish reel, and Mr Craven cleverly exe- cuted a sword dance. The new vicar of St. Paul’s, Ballarat East the Rev. T. Tapley Short—will be inducted by the bishop this evening, at the church, at 8 o’clock precisely. The induction sermon will be preached by the Rev. Julius Lewis, of St Jude’s, Carlton. Mr Tapley Short will com- mence duty on Sunday next. The Supreme Court sittings were held yester- day at the courthouse, Lydiard street, before his Honor Judge Hood. The only prisoner for trial was Harry Garbett, who was charged with attempting to criminally assault Margaret Kerr. A second count charged the accused with indecent assault. The prisoner, who was defended by Mr F. H. Tuthill, pleaded not guilty to the first count, and guilty to the second. The Crown, which was represented by Mr Garnett, accepted the plea. A prior conviction for an aggravated assault was ad- mitted by the accused. Mr Tuthill pleaded that leniency might be shown, and submitted that Garbett was dazed with drink at the time of the offence. The assault was committed in a public place, and was clearly the freak of a drunken man. The evidence of prisoner’s relatives showed that he was easily affected by drink. The youth deeply regretted his mis- conduct, and had made what reparation he could by pleading guilty. Mr Joseph John- son, brickmaker, stated that the prisoner was in his employ four years ago, and always con- ducted himself in an exemplary manner. Thomas Garbett, father of the prisoner, said his son had recently been working for him as a gardener. The lad was steady in his habits, and conducted himself well. He had been suffering from illness, and was for some time in the hospital. Accused made a statement on his own behalf, and said he had no recollec- tion of what happened on the day of the assault, as he had been drinking heavily, and therefore could not deny the truth of the girl’s statement. His Honor Judge Hood said after reading the depositions, he considered the prisoner was particularly fortunate in having his plea ac- cepted by the Crown prosecutor, for had he been proceeded against on the first charge, it was probable he would have been convicted, in which case a very severe sentence would have been passed. Everyone must be sorry to see a young man like the prisoner starting life in this fashion, and sorrow would also be felt for his parents and friends, but on the other hand they must feel sorry for the girl who had been molested, and it was a disgraceful thing that a respectable young woman could not walk down the street without being assaulted by a wild beast like the prisoner. He thought at first of passing a very severe sentence, for he could not take into consideration the excuse of drink, he had however, determined to give him one more chance, and pass a short and severe sen- tence, which he trusted would be a lesson for life for the prisoner. Garbett was then sen- tenced to six months’ imprisonment, the first four days in the 2nd, 6th, 10th, 14th, 18th, and 22nd weeks to be spent in solitary confine- ment. Mr George Davidson, so long and favorably known as a mining manager in the Beaufort district and elsewhere, was entertained last evening at Phillip’s hotel by the members of the A.M.M.A., prior to his leaving for Eldorado to assume the management ot the Eldorado Company, in that district. We understand that a complete report of the late Church of England assembly's session, containing the bishop’s opening address and a revised summary of all the debates, is now available free for church members who may apply at the registry for copies. The bishop assented yesterday to all the bills passed by the assembly,. which henceforward form part of the church law of the diocese. The most notable enactment was the new Clergy Ap- pointment Act, under which the “patronage board” is abolished, and the bishop nominates to all cures, subject to the consent of an absolute majority of the local managing body of the parish. The session is generally re- garded as the most interesting ever held in the the diocese, and it is believed that an accurate account of its proceedings will be widely wel- comed. Professor Richard, medical electrician, gave his first healing demonstration before a packed audience at the Mechanics’ Institute last night. A report is given in another portion of The Star. A young man named George Duggan was charged on remand at the Ballarat East court yesterday with the larceny of an overcoat from Brophy’s hotel belonging to Mr R. Foley, the evidence showed that the accused took the coat last Sunday evening from the hat rack, and attempted to pawn it the following day. The pawnbroker gave information to the police. which led to Duggan’s arrest by Plain-clothes Constable McPherson half an hour afterwards. The accused, who admitted the offence, was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment, with hard labor. Duggan was further charged with a similar theft from the Southern Cross hotel, where, on the 28th May, he stole an overcoat and other articles belonging to Mr Thos. Buchan, which were subsequently recovered at a second-hand shop, where they had been dis- posed of. The bench sentenced him to six months’ imprisonment, cumulative on the previous sentence. At the same court Michael Conroy was fined 2s 6d for leaving his horse without proper control. James Kerslake, who did not appear, was fined 10s for a similar offence. H. Ross, for leaving his horse on a footpath in Humffray street, was fined 5s. Accidents, as follow, are reported from Hospital:— H. G. Mill, of Trawalla, bleeding from the throat, through an injured blood vessel; Jas. Little, of Drummond street, a lacerated wound on the leg through coming in contact with the teeth of a saw; and Michael Burns, of Talbot street, an incised wound on the thigh caused through being accidentally struck with a tomahawk. An elderly man named Thomas Madigan, who lost both arms in some machinery works was charged with vagrancy at the Town Police Court yesterday, and was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment. It was stated that the accused declined to remain in the Benevolent Asylum, but preferred soliciting alms in the streets. Madigan informed the bench that he had a grown up family, some of whom would probably take care of him. The police magis- trate remarked that if that were the case an application to get him out of gaol would be at once made to the proper authorities. A rather novel attraction is at present being exhibited in the window of Mr J. E. Hansen's pharmacy, Soldiers Hill — a brown snake, caught at Learmouth. It is enclosed safely in a box with a glass covering, on which is a bottle of Professor Halfourd's antidote, chloride of lime solution, and a hypodermic syringe. It is a curio worth seeing. Miss Juliet Flegeltaub, who succeeds Miss Nellie Stewart in Messrs Williamson and Mus- grove’s Operatic Company as prima donna, left Ballarat for Melbourne by the 11 o'clock train yesterday. A large number of her personal friends and admirers and amateur thespians assembled upon the platform to see the talented young lady off, and hearty good wishes for her future success and welfare were expressed. In all probability Miss Flegeltaub's first appear- ance with the company will be at Adelaide. The monthly meeting of the City Board of Advice was held at the City Hall last night, Present—Messrs G. Tutten (chairman) and Vallins, M. Lonie, Mitchell, Pounder and Fleay (correspondent). Reports showing the average attendance at the various schools for the month were received as follow:— Urquhart street—Boys, 443 41-44; girls, 39 25-42; 835 12-44. Macarthur street — Boys, 424 25-42 girls, 417 6-42; total, 84131-4- 23-44- Boys, 56 11-44; girls, 49 7-44; total, 105 28-44. Pleasant street — Boys, 189 9-11; girls, 181 11-22; total, 371 13 22. Dana street — Boys 4089 704; girls, 361 045; total, 770-75. An application by the Rev. C. E. Burgess for the use of the Wendouree school for the holding of Sunday school was granted. The cor- respondent stated that he had brought under the notice of the Minister the matter of the teaching of "extras" by State school teachers to the detriment of private teachers, but as yet had received no reply. It was decided, on the motion of Mr Lonie, seconded by Mr Vallins, that in future no holidays be granted to schools unless with the sanction of a meeting of the board. In the absence of any expressed desire on the part of parents for shorthand to be taught in schools after ordinary hours, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr Vallins, seconded by Mr Lonie, not to entertain the application of Mr W. Coulthard for permission to teach that subject in the schools, A determined effort is being made to trace the cowardly individual who has recently been acting the part of a ghost in the neighborhood of Eureka street. Plain-clothes Constable McPherson has the matter in hand, and hopes are entertained that the man will be made to answer for his misconduct. A few days ago a young lady residing in Rodier street was frightened by a man dressed up as a ghost, and has since been seriously ill. A prisoner named H. E. Kruger, who was serving a sentence of three months in the Bal- larat Gaol for larceny as a bailee at Horsham, died in the gaol hospital at half-past 3 o’clock yesterday morning. An enquiry was held yesterday afternoon, before Mr J. A. Chalk, J.P. Evidence was given by the governor of the institution, Mr P. Sheehan, to the effect that Kruger was received on the 3rd of last month, and that on the following morning he had a fit of epilepsy. He was removed to the gaol hospital, where he received every care and attention. Dr Jordan deposed that he saw the prisoner on the morning of the 4th of May, when he was in a fit of epilepsy, delirious, and incapable of moving. On the 2nd inst. he had an attack of pneumonia, and gradually sank. The cause of death was due to alcoholic poisoning and pneumonia. Kruger was at one time a justice of the peace, and a prominent and highly respected resident of Horsham. On Wednesday next Mr Irvine will move in the Legislative Assembly, that in the opinion of this House further stringent pressure on the selectors of Crown lands for payment of arrears of rent at the present time will be against the best interests of the State unless such a general modification be made in the terms of their tenure as will enable them to possess their holdings in greater security. This week’s general orders for the local militia announces that, an examination of officers for promotion will be held on Tuesday, 9th July, and following days. The practical portion of the examination will take place at a subsequent date as early as can be arranged. Names of those wishing to be examined must be submitted for transmission not later than the 20th inst. Officers in possession of revolvers are requested to bring them to the storeroom for inspection without delay. The examination of Lieutenants Gilpin and Goodwin will take place on Thursday, 13th inst. Eighteen N.C. officers and men have been discharged the ser- vice, three for non-completion of engagements, four for absence without leave, six for inability to attend, two through leaving the colony, and three who had left the district. It was stated in the city yesterday that Mr Simpson, art inspector, together with his assistant, are to be retired, in connection with further retrenchment to be pursued by the Education Department. Two boys named George and Frank Phillips were charged at the Town Police Court yester- day by Constable Beckman, Brown Hill, with maliciously damaging three insulators on the telegraph lines within the railway reserve. The offence was proved by Mr Enes Cull, a railway employé. The bench, which consisted of Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs Phillips, Larter, and Josephs, J’s.P., sentenced the accused to one month’s imprisonment, but suspended the sentence upon the boys entering into a recog- nisance of £10 to be of good behavior for 12 months. His Honor acting-Judge Walsh yesterday gave his reserved decision in a case heard at Ararat, in which the local lodge of the M.U.I.O.O.F., sued a member for 12 months’ subscriptions. His Honor held with the defen- dant’s contention that subscriptions to friendly societies cannot be recovered in a court of law. As the anniversary banquet of the Ballarat East branch of the A.N.A. was such a success last year, the committee of the branch decided last evening to celebrate the anniversary in a similar manner on the 24th inst. The members decided to actively work for another big suc- cess. It was unanimously agreed to write to notable men in Ballarat and Melbourne, in- viting their attendance. Mr Paull reported that he had received several promises of help from leading men. The following items appear in the last issue of the Police Gazette :— David Bennett, miner, Egerton, reports stolen, at Egerton, between the 1st and 8th ult., a medium draught bay horse, value £8. A warrant of commitment has been issued by the Ballarat East bench against Patrick O’Longhlin for two months’ imprison- ment, in default of payment of £5, fine and costs, for assault and using obscene language, Edwin J. Ebsworthy absconded from his foster parent, Mrs Dowling, Waubra, near Lear- month, on the 31st ult. A rumor was current yesterday to the effect that a most heartless case of breach of promise occurred a few days ago in the Ballarat dis- trict, Invitations to the wedding, it is said, were freely distributed, and a large gathering assembled at the church. The bridegroom tarried, however, and after waiting for two hours the bride and her friends returned to their homes. There was a good muster of militiamen on parade last night. The battalion, headed by the band, marched up Sturt street and went through a number of evolutions in splendid style. There was a, very large attendance at the Women’s Prayer Union yesterday, when Mr J. West Lau gave a most hopeful and en- couraging address from the words in Mark ii., 22 — “ Have faith in God.” He illustrated it by many incidents from real life, where faith in God had been honored and rewarded. A special collection for coals for the poor was taken up, and a vote of thanks passed to the following, who have kindly given donations to the coal fund :—The Mayor of Ballarat East, £1; a friend, £1; Mr John McGowan, £1 1s; and Mr Figgis, donation of coke for the Chinese Mission at Little Bendigo. The first order for 146 bags of coal is already being given out. Mr Joy, the acting land officer, yesterday dealt with the following applications:—Parish of Korweinguboora—Wm. Keighery, 40 acres, and M. Kearse, 20 acres; recommended. Parish of Moorabool West—Martin Maher, 20 acres; recommended. Beaufort—Mary Adamthwaite, 20 acres; recommended. Ballarat East—Geo. Day, 3 acres, Wilson and Fussell streets; recommended. Geo. H. Hicks, 3 acres; re- commended. Nerrena — Mary Monaghan, 1½ acres, and H. Monaghan, 1½ acres; recom- mended, subject to report of Mines Depart- ment. Amherst—John Hawkins, 5 acres, and Thos. Moran, 5 acres; recommended. In regard to the disposal of 40 acres, portion of timber reserve, parish of Bungal, between the holdings of M. Hickey, E. Williams, and A. E. Carr, it was recommended that Michael Hickey be granted a grazing license for the western 20 acres, and F. Webster the eastern 20 acres. The case of Hannah Bell, 11acres, Australian paddock, Creswick, in which the licensee was called upon to show cause against forfeiture, was withdrawn, on the application of the Secretary for Lands. At the City Police Court yesterday, a young man named Charles Miller was charged with drunkenness. As the accused had not pro- perly recovered from the effects of his debauch, the bench decided to remand him until to-mor- row. Two debt cases were also dealt with by the court. Messrs Pearse and Clarke, JsP., presided. At last night’s meeting of the City Board of Advice the the following letter was received from Mr Edward G. Wollaston:—“I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 13th inst., referring to my retirement from the Public Service, and to thank the board for the very kind expression of opinion regarding the performance of my duties as a State school teacher in the Macarthur street school. I have always tried to act with perfect impartiality to the children, rewarding all who did well, and punishing all who violated rules, irrespective of whether their parents were influential or humble, Throughout the whole of my teaching career I have provided tickets and picture cards (out of my own pocket) as daily and weekly rewards — a thing which is done by no other teacher within my knowledge. Having regard to the very appreciative farewell letters of the board, and of Mr Inspector Sheldon, it appears doubly strange that the teaching staff of Macarthur street school (where I worked for 14 years) did not even take the trouble to wish me good-bye. Again thanking the board.— Yours, &c.;, EDWARD WOLLASTON." An enjoyable entertainment was given at the Lunatic Asylum on Wednesday evening by Miss Lillie Flegeltaub, assisted by several local amateurs. Miss Netta Flegeltaub gave "The bells" with good taste, and took part in a duet — "Life's dream is o'er" — with Miss Lillie. Recitations were nicely rendered by Miss L. Matthews and R. Flohm, who also contributed piano solos. Misses Marks, Mirt- chell, Henricks, Watts, and Rose Bicknall also took part. The entertainment concluded with a dance. The first examination in musical knowledge, a connection with Trinity College of Music, London, will take place to-morrow, under the supervision of the committee of the Ballarat Local Centre. The examination will be held at the School of Mines and at Loretto Abbey. Pass from 10 a.m. to 12 o'clock, and honors from 1 o'clock p.m. to 4 p.m. Sixty- three candidates have entered for pass, and 29 for honors. Teachers and others interested are invited to attend and witness the seals broken and the papers distributed, and the papers re- examined at the close of the examination. A somewhat sudden death occurred at Clunes on Wednesday evening (writes our correspon- dent) An old and respected resident of this district, Mr. Francis Gallagher, who had not enjoyed the best of health for some time past, but was able to knock about and do his business as usual until Sunday last, was on that day seized with some affection of the liver, which ter- minated fatally. The deceased gentleman was 56 years of age, about 20 of which had been spent in Clunes. He was also well known in the Lexton district, and for some years occu- pied a seat in the Lextonshire Council. The jremains are to be interred in the Amherst Cemetery to-day (Friday) with those of his late wife. The Esty-Marsh concert, to be given in the Alfred Hall to-night, will, no doubt, be taken advantage of by all lovers of music, as the only opportunity which will be afforded to them of hearing an exceptionally attractive company in an excellent programme, which is advertised in full in another column. The four visiting vocalists, according to an uncommon unanimity of criticism, are acknowledged to form a vocal quartet that for all-round excellence has cer- tainly never been surpassed by any that have previously visited Australia, each being a cultured singer, and all possessed of exception ally good voices, so that whether in solos or concerted numbers the programme should be of a high standard. The low charge of 1s is fixed for all parts of the hall. Tickets will be obtainable at Sutton’s music warehouse until 1 o’clock, and afterwards at H. Bade’s. The Curtis street door will be open at 7 o’clock for admission of ticketholders only. The main entrance will be opened at a quarter past 7. Special tram cars will run on all lines at the close of the concert. The Wendouree Fife and Drum Band will play the following programme in the rotunda this evening, weather permitting :— March, “ Monte Carlo;” waltz, “ Pleasant dreams;” selection, “ Ballarat;” solo, “Death of Nelson;” march, “ Annie dear;” schottische, “ Little Willie;” fantasia, “The fairy queen;” polka, “ Nightingale;” march, “ Maggie;” “ God save the Queen.” Intending competitors at the South street literary and musical competition are again re- minded that entries for all subjects close on Saturday evening. It is expected that the entries this year will exceed those of any pre- vious competition. The wide range of subjects, the substantial prizes offered, and the facilities afforded by the institution to intending com- petitors, have succeeded in drawing entries from all parts of the colony. This speaks volumes for the enterprise and energy of the South street management, who have kept this annual educational effort going by sheer force of character and determined perseverance in the face of much depression and opposition. When it is considered that all the clerical and other work is done gratuitously, and that by those who are actively engaged during the day, the South street Society are entitled to the thanks and practical assistance of the citizens ol Ballarat for the part they play in educa- tional matters. Gentlemen of the highest at- tainments and position in the colony recognise this, and have not only personally attended, but have liberally subscribed to its funds. The Acting- Governor and Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, will preside at the distribution of prizes on Friday, 26th July. At a meeting of the Ballarat Exhibition com- mittee on Wednesday night, Mr D. J. Mon- tague was appointed conductor and Mr G. Herbert organist, for the purpose of arranging concerts to be given in connection with the show. A choir will be organised similar to that at the last exhibition, but, we understand, it will be on a much larger scale. A musical and elocutionary entertainment in aid of the funds of the Grenville College scholar- ship will be held at the Academy of Music on the evening of Friday, the 28th of June. 