KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XVIII. REDMOND O'DONNELL'S SECRET. For a moment—for an hour, it seemed to him— not a word was spoken. His dazed eyes never left her ; he stood almost like a man stunned. She rose up on her elbow, returning his gaze. What did his face, its sudden pallor, showing white even under the golden bronze of his skin, tell her ? Something in his eyes cowed her strangely—fasci- nated her also. She rose slowly up to a sitting posture and spoke, answering that fixed look : " What is it ?" she asked. The sound of her voice broke the spell. He drew a long breath and was himself again. In dealing with this woman, who could be too subtle and too deceiving ? " I have been experimenting in animal magnet ism, Miss Herncastle," he said, coolly; " in other words, trying if my will, my mesmeric power, could master you. I found you asleep—sound asleep— after your walk, and I stood and looked at you and willed you to awake. You obeyed. A liberty on my part, perhaps, but the temptation was irresistible. tible. You possess a very powerful will of your own, Miss Herncastle ; that mine can command it, is no small triumph for me." Something very like a flush passed over the perfect pallor of Miss Herncastle's face. Her great grey eyes flashed upon him with something more nearly akin to anger than anything he had ever seen in them before. But thorough self-command had long ago become second nature to her. Her sweet voice had all its wonted soft music when she spoke : 'I regret Captain O'Donnell has no better use for his time than watching me, and no better subject for his mesmeric experiments. The Lady Cecil Clive, for instance— did he ever try his mesmeric power on her, I wonder ?" '' No,'' Captain O'Donnell returned, lying indolently back in his chair, and looking the very embodiment of handsome sang froid.; ''I don't believe the Lady Cecil is a good subject ; if she is, I leave her to her rightful owner, Sir Arthur Tregenna, when she can get him, which isn't often of late. And speaking of watching you, Miss Herncastle, I must tell you that I have done that once before, lately, on an occasion when I don't think you saw me. Not intentionally, as now — at least at first; afterward, I fear, I must plead guilty to the somewhat dishonourable charge. But then again, the temptation was very strong. And upon my word, Miss Herncastle, you are so very mysterious, so very interesting a lady — if you will pardon my saying so — that watching you more than repays one for his trouble.'' ''Mysterioua ! interesting ! I don't know what you mean, Captain O'Donnell !'' '' Oh, yes, I think you do. You must be aware that you are an object of mystery and interest to all in this house: if for nothing else, your startling resemblance to that dead girl, Katherine Dangerfield. And then there are the nocturnal walks to Bracken Hollow, a haunted house, whose ghost at least you don't seem to fear. And then there are your singular assignations, held in such very singular places. Who, for instance, but mysterious Miss Herncastle, would think of giving a gentleman an interview in a church-yard, at nightfall ?'' She set her lips in the line he well knew, and looked at him, hard, full, defiant. '' You understand me, I think. Was it the night before last ? Yes, it was. I left Sir Peter Danger- field's bedside — you remember I relieved you, and let you and Sir Arthur go. We had been talking, Sir Peter and myself, of the ghost — very strange affair that, by the way — of Katherine Dangerfield, dead and gone; also of the young man Otis, who fell in love with her, and in whose house she died. ''With my mind full of Katherine Dangerfield, her sad story, and misfortunes, I went to Katherine Dangerfield's grave. I thought I had the place all to myself— certainly I never dreamed of its being made a place for lovers' tryst — but I was mistaken. On my way out, between me and the gate, two figures stood. Had I not recognized them— one of them, rather — I should have passed on, sur prised a little at their charnel-house taste, but no more. But I recognized them. If you will excuse me again, Miss Herncastle— there is no mistaking that graceful walk of yours, or that stately poise of the head and shoulders. I knew you ; I also, after a moment, knew the man.'' Her lips set themselves closer, in that thin, un- pleasant line ; her grey eyes still shone with that silent, threatening glitter. ''Sir Peter had described him, and I heard you speak his name — Henry. Tall, sallow, thin, stoop- ing, living in London, and named Henry. There was no mistaking : the man was Mr. Henry Otis, surgeon, late of Castleford — the man from whose house Katherine Dangerfield was buried.'' For the first time in his knowledge of her, her face changed. It turned grey— a ghastly, creeping grey, from brow to chin. For an instant the fear- less eyes flinched. For an instant— then she was herself again, and defied him. 'Well,'' she said, ''what next ?'' "I stood, as they say in novels, rooted to the spot, and yet with a sensation of relief. For one moment — only one, Miss Herncastle — I fancied your companion to be Sir Arthur Tregenna. I might have known better. It is possible for a man like that to swerve a little from the straight path of duty ; to stoop to deliberate dishonour — never.'' She smiled — a smile not pleasant to see. ''Dishonour. An ugly word. For Sir Arthur 'Tregenna to meet me in private thus, would be, for him — dishonour ?'' ''Most certainly, if he met you as a lover. And he is fast becoming that, though I doubt if he knows it himself yet. For Sir Arthur Tregenna, the plighted husband of Lady Cecil Clive, to meet you, or any other woman, in that way, would be dishonour.'' ''The plighted husband of Lady Cecil Clive,'' she echoed, softly, still with that gleaming smile. ''I beg your pardon, Captain O'Donnell, he is not ; he never has been for one second that. And,'' her eyes flashed up now, in a sudden fire of triumph, I have but to say it— and he never will.'' He sat still looking at her, pale, and grave, and surprised. ''Never has been? Do you mean to say, Miss Herncastle, that Sir Arthur has not been for years the pledged husband of Lord Ruysland's daughter !'' ''No, not for years, not for days, not for hours He is no more her plighted husband than — than you are. Ah! you feel that!'' She laughed bitterly as she saw him wince. ''You have been, in the best years of her life, what he never was—Lady Cecil's lover. Oh, I know more than you think, Captain Redmond O'Donnell, of that little Irish episode six years old. You saved her life at the risk of your own, and fell in love with her afterward. Very pretty, very romantic — a very old story indeed. I know, but Sir Arthur does not.. He is not in love with Lady Cecil, now ; do you think it will help love on to hear that story of her youth— that story she will never tell him. Redmond O'Donnell's face had grown cold and set as stone. To the suppressed passion in her face, in her eyes, in her tone, he was deaf and blind. If he had been told Miss Herncastle was rightful heiress to the crown of England, it would have astonished him less— he would have believed it more easily— than that, all unwillingly, Lady Cecil had learned to love him. ''You do Lady Cecil great injustice, Miss Hern- castle,'' he answered, with chill sternness, ''in bringing her name into this discussion at all. You wrong her more by your confounded suspicions. Whether she is, or is not, the betrothed bride of Sir Arthur Tregenna, this, at least, is certain — there is no page in her past life that he and all the world are not free to read. You wrong her more, perhaps,' looking her straight in the eyes,' 'than I can say. I did her the service you speak of in Ireland, six years ago ; is there anything in that to conceal ? And there the ' story,' as you phrase it, begins and ends. Your suspicions are all un- founded, all unjust. Whatever my folly may have been, in that past time of a most foolish youth, to her I have been ever an acquaintance — a friend, perhaps — no more. Gratitude she gave me — never more.'' ''Never more !'' She turned her scornful face away, and looked out at the opal evening sky. '' Ah, well, humility is a virtue but few possess ; let us cherish it when we find it in an Irishman, of all men. Repeat that version of the story — be- lieve it if you will. And she gave you — gratitude. What is it she gives Sir Arthur ? What is it he gives her ? Love, do you think ? But she is an earl's daughter, and brought up in the codes and creeds of her order. She will marry him, and his ancient name, and his long rent-roll, if he asks her. If ! You talk of temptation, Captain O'Donnell — is there no temptation, think you, here for me ?'' ''To what ?'' His cold eyes, his cold tones, cut her like knives. ''To blind and fascinate him, to make his life miserable, to put him from her, to make him a wanderer over the earth, to spoil the happiness of two lives ? That, perhaps, it is in your power to do — no more. If you think he will ever marry you — a woman of whom he knows noth- ing—a woman who, I am very certain, has her own good reasons for hiding her past — you mistake him entirely. Sir Arthur is a very proud man ; he. comes of a very proud race. The baronets of Tregenna may have married governesses before now — newer adventuresses.'' She turned upon him with eyes of fire : ' Captain O'Donnell !'' ''I have said it, Miss Herncastle — you force it from me. Do you think his infatuation will lead him into asking you to be his wife, before inquiring into your past ? Will that past bear inquiring in to ? Sooner than see it, I, myself, would show you to him as you are.'' He was still lying back in the easy-chair, his tone quiet, but his mouth, his eyes, relentless as doom. No grim old judge, with the black cap on, pronounc- ing sentence of death on the wretch in the dock, could have looked more sternly relentless than he. Her whole mood changed ; the swift dark anger died out of her eyes, she sank slowly back in her seat, her hands folded before her, and looked at him. ''Captain O'Donnell,'' she said, and there was a strange, weary, wistful pathos in her voice, ''I asked you before — I ask you again — what have I ever done to you that you should be the one to hunt me down?'' (To be continued.) 