MY UNCLE'S GHOST. BY FBANOIB FOOTB. Ono rainy evening liut week I lotingod bnto my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel lor a talk and smoke. One of my' uncle's bobbles was to bo surrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed little more than a boy himself in feelinga, A.1t.limi»li ho hull natdOfl hits flWIoKh hSrthilav. And wo were all devoted to " the major," as | we called him— I believe that was his title during the war. . ' There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when wo were in a college aorapa ; no one who would loan money eo rcndily when an allowanoe fell short ; there was no one with such a fund of oxperienoes If rem whioh to draw for amusing or thrilling tales ; and then his wines and cigars were ' inntmpesobable. : On this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed .reflectively upon the oetling, as he blew fouge rings of smoke from his pipe. "How are you, Tom!" he said, lazily; 111 you've saved me frora myself by coming in. tlthss been such a naBty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost." Your gbost T" I echoed. : " Why, yes ; you know I bare the pleasure of awning one. Bo you mean that I have never told you the Btory?'! I say "No," emphatically, and the major's fnoe grow radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. " Order whatever you wish, Tom," be aatd, " I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the best oigars on the top ' oholf," At last we were comfortably settled, and sf tor a preliminary swallow of - brandy be began. 1 It woe about fifteen yeare ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go right through as they do now, and stopped oftener. It might have been five o'clock in tbo evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally, atopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. "The seats were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said ' Yes.' There was plenty of room, and he only had a bit of a bag with her. "You know I never was much on women, but I catt tell a pretty one whon 1 see her, and a lady. She was both, although ber dress was plain and black, and her gloves had been neatly mended in eeireral plaocs. I had a number of books and papers, the most en tertaining of which I offered her, and when be thanked me, ber voice was the sweetest I have heard — low soft anil musical, "By Jove I" said tho major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy, " I know that woman wonld sing with her whole sonl ; she couldn't have helped it with tbat voice. " Well," he continued, " she took up a book, but she didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if Bhe were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor camo through she called him and asked about a berth, , " ' I am Borry,' be said ; ' you should have telegraphed. Wo are very full, and there ia nothing but an upper ono left. Yon would like a whole section?' " 1 1 would,' she replied ; although a lower berth would do. You are sure you oannot ac commodate me?' '"Pin sorry, miss, but I don't see bow,' and tbat burly conductor did seem sorry, 01R of sympathy, as be saw the troubled expres sion in the girl's fact, " Then I spoke,— " 1 1 hare a whole section to myself,' I aid, ' and I always prefer the upper berth ; so if yon will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to yon.' This was alic, for I had never slept in one before, but sbs was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of tbat kind. " I shall never forget the gianco she gave me. I had not noticed her eyes before, but now tbey lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very palq, you would have called berill until you saw her iips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed -was a tiny scar, whioh looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. " I tried to talk with her, for Bhe interested me deeply, bat although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which 1 could -discover who she was, whore Bhe was going, lor why she was travelling alone. "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very aerv&us;, twisting and .untwiBthig her bands, and tapping her foot. !Shu glanced at me once or twice, but to all tappearances I wae deep in my book, " ' I've got to do it,' I heard her eay in the ifnintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, !l don't, beties «b« knew that she spoks aloud, no ntieapittd was sho with her own .thoughts, "In a few tKonMusto oho spoks again, still (talking to hererlf,— 1 ' They muet never find him abont me. It would spoil ail, and I would naver— ' " I lost the next two words, but they sounded like 0 disgrace him.' She seemed aware then tbat ohe had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. I turned a page of my book and settkd buk farther into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a ipioture. As near as I could make out it was the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes snd smiling lips. " She looked at it for abont fifteen minuteB longingly, passionately, then she kissed it fervently under oover of her handker chief. "After that, she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to ' tear that picture into inch bits, . " ' Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel I' I thought ;i snd yet it didn't seen like tbat. It was too serious ; like a parting forever. \- " Iti a little while she turned to me. She was paler than ever, and. the old scar was brighter. "Will you please open the window?' he asked. 'I have something to throw away.' "I did as she wished, and she scattered the fragments of tbat photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief . . i " iRow thut is over the jnbt wlll.be comparatively easy,' she said tUis time to me. ; " What will bB easy,' I ventured. " 1 Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,' she replied. I suppose I mean life will be easier while we live, and death wbenwedie.' ' \- "'Life should always bi easy for one as young as yourself)' I said, gallantly. "'Sue turned- her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery, iu thoir depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion-aadqiain, while she said, slowly,-- " 1 Life -to bfr-eosy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the has-been' 'too sweet to lost; but now — well, ail will be right in the future, I bare no fear.' And she turned away. " After thai I could only make her speak in monosyUabies. "At last that whole car full had settled down for tbo nitfbt to try and gain tho littlo rest whioh might ho tound. Everything was tolerably quiet, aud I shut my eyea and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groau of the vuginc. " Thuro wis I., little, aeniggly, pale Novem ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made me imagine .all sorts of creepy thioga. 1 thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twioo from the berth below. I evon seemed to notice a faint, uupleaaant odor. All iny aames wero abnormally active, and a a I was su old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. " When flanlly I did Bleep a little it was to dream of a frightful neoident;>dn whioh that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand fight to see which of us should save tho pretty girl, and daring our struggle sho had beeq crushed under the car. " t had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had mode up my mind that I would havo a little talk with tho young lady before I left the oar. In tha morning when I nroae X want to tho front platform for oomc fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passon- gorg were visiblo, but that berth undor mine was just as it had been nil night, tho girl had not yob appeared ; could she ho ill? I was very near my stopping-place— I could not go without Baying good-by. Tho porter passed through. I called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might bo Biok. " He went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengora began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her oheeks, ber lips till that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and har heart— ah I thoro was no action there. Sho was dead! By her side was a bottle half-filled with landanum, which showed that she had taken hor own life. ' I did not watt for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to' who he was, and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair ; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reaohed my station." The major smoked violently for a few moments. . "But where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. The gbost 1" he said, with a suggestion of pasilon in his voice, which 1 had never heard there before ; "she is the gbost. Her pale faco, black drees, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to day, when I will allow, myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There ie a place in my heart now for those poor littlo mended gloves, which were in themselves a patbetio story, " I am never on duty at night that the does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, . and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was — you will say an illusion, a fancy — I o»U it her gbost. How many times havo I wished tbat in ome way I had gained possession, of tbat man's picture. I would have posted them together if it bad taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had done. Yes, wrong, for I know tbat in some way be bad driven hor to her death. Per- baps-that is why I have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have novor yet met a women who could be to the what her memory is ; and l saw her but once ; she was not even a name to me ; of herself, her character, I know nothing, and I„am called a man of the world. And yet, boy," he exolaimed, turning to me, hie face gray with passion, " I am bappior on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to. bo. with ber — spirit, ber memory, if you will, than I should be if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to fling soft arms about my neok, to kiss me with tenderest lips. Forgive, mo, Tom ; I seldom speak of my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now yon can faintly understand how much reality there can ,ba even in a ghost." The major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good- humoredly over his pipe as if. romance, women and be bad always been, as they always would be, strangers. 