KATIE. There are few more cheerful places on a cold and winter night than a smithy with its roaring fire. The ruddy glow and sparkle of light, the interested faces of the village loungers, the roar of the bellows, and the cheerful ring of the smith's hammer on the anvil, all combine to make up a comfortable rural picture of light and warmth. The smithy at Godscroft on a cold December evening was no exception to this rule ; it was warm and bright, and filled lo overflowing with village gossips, met to talk over the events of the day. The group of men collected round the fire was just such a group ae may be found round any smithy, fire in the country, hard- headed, hard-featured, hard-fisted, shrewd, sen- sible men ; keen politicians, learned in polemical controversy, fond of argu- ment on most subjects, and able to take an intelligent, although often prejudiced, in- terest in almost all the leading topics of the day. Such were the loungers collected round the smithy fire at Godscroft, listening eagerly to a man who was in many respects dissimilar to them. There was about hini an easy breadth, a freedom, an expansiveness of ges ture and manner, wbich suggested coiouial life. He had an air as if the village street were scarcely wide enough for hia swinging stride, as if he felt the little world of tbe smithy, the arena of the intellectual heroes of Godccroft, narrow a eun-embrowned complexion, aad dark eyes with a merry twinkle in them ; while a strong, squ&rely-cut; chin and jawe gave character to a faoe that would otherwise have been only weakly good-natured. A large wiry-haired dog, of a mongrel and noadeeonpt type, lay at bis feet, and formed the theme of conversation, 44 It's a bonny doc o' ita kind and a guid dog. I'se warrant; but I will never allow that it's a collie," said one speaker. 44 Did I ever e&y; that it was? It has nothing of the collie about it, although it has more tban a collie's intelligence." 44 It's a dour-looking beast," said another. 44 It reminds me of a wolf I once saw in Wombell's menagerie, that came round this countrv-sidc four years ago come Lammas. — Ye'il miud it, Geoidie I" "You're none so handsome yourself, Jock," said the stranger, 44 that you should object to tbe want cf beauty in others. Did you never hear tell of ihe old proverb, 4 Handsome is aa baudsome does?1 Bill, here, is better than he is bonny, and tbat he has proved." 44 Tell us all about it. It's just grand to bear ye telling these outlandish stories," said one of the bystanders. 14 It would be sway out there in Aus tralia. I'&e; warrant," said another. 44 Yes, boys, it waB," said the tall, bronzed, bearded ni&n; who owned hill ; and he tossed back his Pair and gave his forehead a rub, us if (to quicken tbe bump of memory, and straightway bean. 14 You want Bill's story, mates. Well, hero it is. Some of you here, I don't doubt, will re member that wben the old man diedinthehard winter of 70, 1 left the old country, that was pretty well u-ed up for me, to try my luck in the Australian voldfield, where they need to tell us down here that the gold mi be got for the mere trouble of lifting it up. What I got and thai was never very much, took a precious deal of hard work, I oau tell you ; and what with one thing and another, I tired of it, and went nptbeoountry to a big squatter, a kt-nned man and a kindly, for he was one of Hunter of Godsoroft'seone, and hired myself to be one of hie shepherds. I had a good berth with him, nothing to complain of. either in the way of work, or meat, or wages ; fant it was an out-Et&tiou;, and it was terribly lonesome I mitseri my mother, poor old body, more than I can tell you. Many a time it would bavedone my heart eood just to have heard the click of her knitting needles, or seen the whisk of the skins of her old black gown ; and sometimes I laushed, and sometimes I almost frhed tears, when I thought how it would have &mucd; her to have Keen me with mv sleeves turned up kneading damper or toasting a bit of mutton at the smoky fire. "However, it was better, as 1 often said to myself, to be alone than tethered to a bad neighbor; and my theep kept me in eo much work tbat 1 had very little time for thinking- Every now and egaio they would take a wan dering fit, and I would get up some fine morning and find the bait or ihe hirsel gone; and nothing for it but to scout the country far aud near till I came upon the track of them. I have seen me ride fifty miles before I came up with them." 44 Eh, man, but ye would be fearsome when ye did," said an old schoolfellow ap preciatively. The big Australian withered him with a look, and weut calmly on. 44 1 wae out one day 'after a lot of these long-legged woolly trespassers, that were aa swift as deer sad As cunning ae tbe oldest fox in your spinneys here ; and I had not Keen as much as & print of oue of their feet. I had been ridiog since the morning broke, and I was spent with hunger and fatigue when tbe night came down upon ir.e pitch dark, not a star visible — a deep Egyptian darkuess tbat could almost be felt. I could not so much as eee my baud when 1 held it up before me." 44 Ye were aye a bauld billy," said anoth< r reiroepective schoolfellow, 44 but that would daunton ye. What did ye do ?" 44 What could I do? To turn back was more dangerous thao to go forward. I let my horse solve the difficulty. He seemed to eee what was before bim ; I could uot ; and we went on, and on, and on till I saw a shimmering gleam flash through the mirk darkness of the night, and heard the rush of water, it wa a creek, as we call tbem in those parts ; and as the horse made no pause, I rode boldly on, and by God's mercy, rather tban my own good guidance, we stumbled on a place tbat was fordable, and got safely to the other side. Tbe 6teep bank was overgrown with bush, as I could see by i glint of moonlight that flashed oat all of a sudden, nod I was just taking a look round to see if I could make our wnere a was, wneu my ears were pierced by the most awful cry I think I have ever heard. It was so loud, and so shrill, and eo full of pain, that it fairly made iny blood run cold. I leaped out of the 6addl«i in sheer fright, and looked round me like a man bewildered. The wide bare pastures aud ecrubby bush around were devoid of any human habitation, and yet it was like the cry of some poor human oreature in the extremity of distress. It was so ghastly, eo unearthly, that the horse 1 wa» riding, although be was a steady old brute, ehied, and swerved sharply round. He was in suoh a panic, that I could not help remembering mother's old world stories about ghosts, although I tried to tell tnyeelf tbat there wae no such thing. However, ghost or no ghost, I was bound to go on ; so I eet a stout heart to ttey brae ; and when I found that I could not force the terrified brute up the bank, I dismounted, and tied him to a youmz gum tree. 14 1 had scarcely set my face to the bank again, when the same cry sounded out once more. I tell you, mates, it made the blood run cold round my heart, it was so shrilly wild, so unearthly, so despairing, and, to make it worse, the black nigbt oame down on me again mirk and heavy, like the blackneee of the parish mort-oloth I used to wonder at when I was a boy. I had not the least idea in what direction to turn, and was etandiogirrepolute, when I heard the cry attain, and it sounded nearer, and was so distinct that I thought I could go straight to the very spot il came from. The bank Was so steep tb&t; I had to scramble up on my bands and knees, often slipping back and stopping to listen ; but I could hear nothing except the soft gurgling piash of the water down beneath roe. 1 wae not sure which way to turn, wheal heard the cry again right out of the ecrnb before me. I wae in the right direotion — that wae one good thing; but I will never deny that I wasfrichtened a bit, it was KQch a terrible cry, and Ihe spot was so lonely. I bad that spirit in me, thongh, that I wouid not go back ; and I crept for ward on my hande and knees towards the top of the bank, which was covered with a close low bush. It was a bit of a climb, and I bod stopped & minute to get my breath, when I thought I heard a low moaning noise close to ae. I gripped my revolver, but it wae of little use in the darkness, eo a took out instead a big bovvie kuife I always carried, and held it ready in my hand. The next niomeat there was a sort of hurtling rush tbrocsh the air above me, and something lea ed right down upon my shoulders. 1 gt;ve a yell, and then another ; and then away down the bank we rolled, riving and tearing at eaoh other in an agony of mortal fright. As 60on as 1 could get my right hand free, I gave & desperate thrust with ihe knife ; and with a yell of rage and pain, the creature dropped off' from me; and I heard tbe tbud of its fall on some projecting rock or bush that had caught it in its downward descent. 44 1 was more frightened than hurt, and soon scrambled to my feet. Ae a smoker is never without matches, I soon bad alight, whh which I proped my way down to where thecrei ure lay, and what do you think I found ? ' "A teeger, maybe," said another old school -fellow. 44 Ye silly gowk, there are no tigere in Australia. I found Bill ; bat my word, he was oot i he comfortable well-fed beaet be ie to-day. I don't tbink I ever saw sucb a dog as he looked then, either before or eiuce. He was a gaunt starved skele ton, bleeding slowly from a wound in the side which he had got in his struggle With ma Ua moda nn attemnl frt Afirtflna hilt lifted hie head and gave mealook so pathetic, eoalmo-t human in its mute, reproachful appeal for help, tbat it fairly went to my heart. I spoke gently to him ; and he looked up at me ae if he would fain have epoken and told me bis story. He let me etanch tbe blood that was trickling from his ride ;and I bound up < the wound as well as I conld. He then stag gered to his feet and whined, and caught my sleeve with his teeth, and showed nic as plainly as if be had spoken that he wanted me to follow him. 44 1 took up the lantern and he wagged his tail aud licked my hand ; and we scrambled up the bank together, and iben, always J whininc, and looking back, lie led tbe way into the bush. The brushwood was so thick and dense that I was al most beat. I could scarcely force my way through ; but whenever I stopped ot cet a mouthful of breath, he whioed aud fawued on ine, end pulled at my sleeve, and showed such an agony of distress that I could not bur pity ihe poor dumb beast, and make all tbe baste 1 could to follow. By this time the day was beginning to break, and it Was noteo dark as it had been. He had led me to a sort of cave formed by a shelf oi rock pro jecting from the bank, and there, wrapped in a t&rtnneh;&wl; was a sight that brought my noart to my mouth. A girl, a bit lasrie, &o; sorely wasted and spent tbat I lifted her up in my arms like a child and carried her up to the open. Her eyes were dosed, and she seemed too far gone for speech : but there was life in her still, as I could see by the flickering of her eyelids when I stooped dowu to look at her. 44 Ae for tbe dog, who had crawled after us, he looked up iu my face with hie pathetic eyes full of a dumb prayer for help ; aud then — for he was fairly beat, and could not, 1 believe, lave dragged his trembling limbs another step — he stretched himself on tbe grass beside her and licked her little wasted hand, I was in such a state of exoitement myself that I fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what to do ; but I got some water and laved her face and moistcued her lips ; and when she had swallowed a few drops she came round eo far tbat she could utter a word or two iu a faint whisper. 44 Thus, bit by bit, I got her story. She and her father had been on their way borne from the goldhelds, and be had a consider- aolesutnof mouey on him, how much she scarcely knew, and it made little matter, for it was all gone. In a darksome gully on the road he had been set upou and robbed and murdered ; and she had fled into the bush like a distraoted crea ture, and wandered about day and night till Bill bad come back to her, and she bad fol lowed him tothisoave, where she had lived for some weeks on such berries ana roots as she could find. She was afraid to leave its potr shelter, for she had lost her way completely, and was thoroughly bewildered; ana so, when the supplies of roots and berries— never very plentiful in an Australian bush — began to run sbort, she gave herself up for lost, aud lay down in despair to die. ' Foor thing ! My heart was iu my mouth as 1 listened. Gaunt and hacgard as sbe was, it was easy to see that she had been a bonny Uarie ; and tier voice was so sweet tbat it was like a song from Paradise. 4 You must not speak of dying,' I said — 4 you tbat have all your life before you, and cau scarcely tell yet how pleasant a thing it is to live.4 14 4 1 have no derire to live louger,' she eaid. 4 I have nothing to live for now tbat my father is gone ;' and she closed her eyes and shuddered. "Sbespofce with a pretty accent, andber voice sounded in my lonely ears like the sweetest music I bad ever heard ; batalthough she was so gentle and sweet, she quite knocked all the conceit out of me, and 1 could only stare at her and mumble, 4 No, no; you must not talk of dying. 44 Wben she revived a little, I carried her down to the place where I left my horse, and by his aid I got her home to my hut, where she lay for many days more dead than alive. Sbe wanted nothing hut a sip ot water or tea ; aud when she came round a little, a mouthful of damper. It wav poor fare for an invalid, and one, too, who bad evidently been daintily curiured ; and I expected noLhing bnt that', t would kill her ouiricht. Sbe rallied, however, ana got up at last, and crept to the door ; and the fresh air helped to strengthen her; aud, as was natural for so young a creature, the heavy cloud of grief tbat had oversha dowed her lightened a littlo, and she began to sine softly to herself, in & sorrowful heart broken way, that saddened me to bear, but was better for herself, maybe, than the silent ceKpair >u wmou ene naa oeen since the day 1 found her. "Ae for Bill here, he had got better long before she was able to move about ; and although he always took a charge of her, be showed a great affection for me, and Uked nothing better than to follow me about. 44 1 could make out nothing clearly about Katie— for that she told me was her name — except that she was the daughter of a poor gentleman, that her mother was dead, and that she and her father bad always been all in all to each other. He bad made money at the diggings, but that was gone ; she was all that was left ; and I could eee for myself that she was the booniest bit lassie that ever gladdened a man' heart. Her eyes were bright and blue, like the dewy belts I used to gather when 1 was a laddie on the Godscroft rigs ; her hair had the color and glint of burnished gold ; and her cheekB began to show the loveliest col jr, like tbat of the sweet fresh wild roses. "I think I see her as if it were but yesterday shaking back tbe curling hair from her brow, and lifting her bonny bit face to mine, and asking how she was to do this, and what she wae to make of that, for she had never been used to work ; and I bad to ahow ber how the simplest things were done; but she was quick at the uptake, aud never needed to be told a thing twice; and I liked her to ack my ad vice, for when she did so, her eyes would shine like gems, end her face wonld flush op almoat as if sbe liked me; but that, I told myself, was imposrible. 44Thelong and the Bhort of It was that I began to like ber too well for my own peace. The only happy moments in my life were spent in walohing her, or listening with the keenest delight to ev»ry word sheuttered. She told me often about the books ehe had read ; aud she spoke sometimes of tbelife she had led, a life altogether unlike mine. My heart sank within me when I tliooghtit ovei . What wae I that I should thick of winning j ber love ; I had uothing to offer her but the' true affection of & fond loving heart. I eould ' not even tell her how well 1 liked her. 1 trembled before her like an aspen leaf, and j could scarcely get oot a word if it were j save my life. That was a rough timeon me» (metes. I was so wretched that I got aenr jand gruff, and spoke sharply to iha very creature I could have fallen down and worshipped. £o, from less to more, she got to think I was tired of her presenoe there j and one evening- how well I remember it— she was standing full in the blaze of the firelieht, her figure erect, her hands loosely clasped before her, her bonnie blue eyes fixed wistfully on mine. 44 4 1 mast have been a great trouble to you, she said quietly. 4 And you have been very good to me. And now I feel quile strong, if you will put me on tbe right road to-morrow, I will go away with Bill, and never trouble you any more.' 44 4 Where?' I almost shouted, clutching Bill's collar as I spoke. 44 4 To the ciiy ; it was there my father as going.' 4 Have you any friends therer 44 4 Nc ; I have no friend anywhere ; but have learned to work. I shall find w there, I hope.' 44 4 Stay with me, Katie,' I cried in utter despair. 4 1 have not much to ofler you ; but I love you— you must have seen how 1 love you.' 44 She did not answer me in words, but she stole her little soft haodrinto mine. How happy I was ! I could scarcely believe in my own good fortune, for nu'J never dared (o hope that it was pos sible that she could like me. 44 There was nothing to be gained by wAitiiii!. Handsome trousseaux are not pftfeiiy come by out in tbe Australian bush. We went down to the station, where the parson chanced to bt nuking his rouDd6, and were married. The very loneliness of our life made our happiness deeper, I think. We wore like Admit and Eve in Paradise. I never aw the aun shine so brightly as t did that sprin/, or the grass look ko freah and green ; and my bonny bit lassie was as pleased «6 a queen and as blithe as a mavie. If I were to apeak for ever I could never ell yon of all tbe true and tender feeling of a lad and his lass who love each other aa we did. Earth was like heaven toua, and tbat lonely little hut an Eden. Woes me! we were driven too soon from ite shelter. 44 Sbe was a< merry as a iinnet, as 1 said before, and her eyes gtaused like diamonds, and her etieek bloomed like the red, red rose ; but for all tbat, the canker wae at the root of my bonny flower. She complained of no pain, and she seemed to grow bonnier and bonnier everyday ; yet she grew weaker also, and she knew it herself ; but I struggled sore not to see it. 44 John,' sbe said, 4 promise to bury me besid my father.' 44 For I bad gone out to the bosh and lookec for tbe murdered n»ao, and found him lyinf whs re she bad covered him up with leaves anc moKS. A ghastly object he was to look at. with hio skull beaten in, and hie clothes all covered with clotted blood ; and I hud laid bim in a deceut grave, and happit bim up close ana warm— for love of hr. that was even fbeD the very light of my ejee. 44 4Dont speak in that way, Katie,' I cried; 4 1 cannot bear it. Oh, my lassie, you are better to-day — tell n:e that you feel stronger? ' 44 4I think I do, ebeenswerod, lookingwis. fully at n:e ; but that very nigbt, when we were sitting ou a bench I had put up uutside tbe door, she leaned her bead against my shoulder, aud 1 thought she was tired, aud was falling atleep ; but after a few minutes she opened ber eyes, and there was a solemn far-away look in thrir blue deepa that fairly frightened me. 4 John,' she whispered so low that I could ja&t; hear her by betiding down my ear to her mouth— 4 John, you have been a dear good Jin-band to me. Kiss me, and hold tue fast, for I feel as if 1 were slipping away. 44 Woes me, how gladly would I have held her fast for ever ; but I could not ; the was slipping away from me, and from all things earthly. There was a flutter of her bonny wbrieeyelide, along, long gasping breath, at d she W8S gone. Bill, there, ie all that Ibav left of bcr, and rough, mongrel tyke that he i?, tbe money is not coined that ceuld buy bim from me !" He drew his large, brown hand across his eyes. 44 it is yesra since now, and the world has used me not unkindly. I am a prosperous man ; and my wife up tfiere — and ne pointed to the village inn behind him — 44 in a good woman, and has made me an excellent wife, and we are happy euougb. I have nothing to complain of ; but oh! I never lay my band on Biil's rough bead hut I tbiok of my lost love, and the plaoe where sbe lies by tbe side of her murdered father far out in the Aus- tralian bash.'- -Chsmbers's Journal. 