GOSSIP. M. Aucoc, a well-known French jeweller, has estimated the value of the diamonds, pearls, and other precious stones presented to the Princess Helene on the occasion of her marriage, and which he saw at Twickenham, at €120,000. Tbe latest musical prodigy is Mile. Jeanne Blaucard, aged nine, pianist and composer. who has been heard at one or two private houses in the West End of London during the past few days. Not only her command of tbe great masters bat her extempore composition is remarkable. At eighteen months this marvellous child could play. At five years she had written e. scherzo, and ehe has just completed an opera entitled ' Fingal.' The Conntess of Monster must b? c'assed among the select few who have seen — or think they have seen — & ghost. It seems, accord ing u her own account, which appears in the new number of the Strand Afagitiiie, that some years ago she became the object of the ** infatuated adoration' of a person of her own age and sex. The person died. Some time afterwards the Conntess was lying in bed when just as the clock nttuck twelve, her friend appeared before her. Tbe weird visitor was iu her usual dress, as in life, and she had a smile on her face. Like most ghosts, her purpose in appearing does not seem to have been a very intelligible one. To tiic request that she should s:ate what brought her there, ebe vouchsafed no reply, bat as soon as her ladyship's voice had ceased the apparition disappeared. Perhaps some clue to the occurrence is afforded by some of Lady Mnnster'e own admissions. She had suffered all day from fevertshnens, had gone early to bed aod had been kept painfully avvaLe, as she thought, by the cliimtng of a church clock. One admission the makes is particularly significant. At the moment a hen, as she thoag-it,ehe saw her late friend, men's vanities. A jury of Maids and Matrons sits, in the Idler on the vanities of 'that unlncky fellow,' Mao. The young ladies are math more ltaiieot and better humoured critics than the ladies who are not quite so yonng, a fact for which we do not protend to ai*coont. But, as regards Man, we «*oald say to these fair judges, ' habeiia conHtentem reum.' Man (being not wholly devoid of a sense of humour) acknowledges his failings; he does not feel angry when he is cbargtd with vanity, or anything else, except cheating at cards. hit us loo bard. We know it, and we are not irritated, as ladies are apt to be when told that their sex is jealous. Some men, says Mrs. Lynn Lintou (a perfect Draco), are vain of their nrck-lios : a 3'oung vanitv, hut surviving in Lhe old. ' lu the spring an old inai)*£ fancy lightly turns lo summer J weeds. '' And what for no* Let us be decorative prond of his golf. Ue U usually fte 'duffer,' There ia no nasty pride in Mr. Leslie B&lfour; Melville, the best golfer who ever was a cricketer, the best cricketer who ever was a golfer. What a position for a mortal to hold ! Vet he holds it with transparent modesty. No, the m&n; who won his club handicap with twenty-foar, he is the follow who is vain of his golf. '* Some men are vain of their power in managing women.19 They nuiat be very young uien \ Woman manages us all, and Mrs. Lynn Linton brags of the easy conquest. ' Men I know, aud I think if I live to eight y 1 shall know them no better. Bat woman I give up, as so much more wicked and im penetrable,' is ouc of the few literary remains of a particularly handsome, and exiled, and hu unfortunate writer. Mrs. I : Lynn Liaton also complains oi Malvolios, who | thiuk that every wonuu is in love with them. , every wumAU is in love, like the aforesaid exile, when ladies journeyed from London to ' Paris merely to see him iu his box at the ' play. Such Malvolios, Mrs. Lynn Lintou assures us, *' squeeze ' ladies as they take I them down to dinner '. It is one way of alleviating thai cad passage, but w£ As? sot think that it is frequently practised. Sirs. Lynn Linton ends by renouncing the enontocus taak of analysing ail male vanities. Mrs. Williamson derides man's lore of dresi, The poor wretch is only trying to make hinivelf pleasing in the eyes of « -Mac to which dress is not (happily) quite indifferenL You cannot leave a man alone at a mirror, she says, with perfect truth. The wretch, indeed, is looking at his tongue, u another lady. Astern, knows, for she thinks man is v-un of his solar plexus. Of old, it was the seat of tbe soul, and now accommodates the subliminal self, the omniscient sleeping partner in our little life, who occasionally^ talks in his sleep. Bat this is another story. Some men look into mirrors for psychological! reasons, because, as the Apostle says, 'a. man (not a woman ! ) straightway forgettetb what manner of man he is,' and he wants to know. Others frankly admire their on ' beaux yeux,' and others are intent » de tecting symptoms of gout. Few men wear many sets of studs, jeweUerr is out of fashion for men ; bat Mr?. Williamson knows a yonng man who dearly lores a stud. Mrs. Williamson splits her infinitives ; hers is not a dandy way of writing. Rat much may be tsiid, and hw* Iteen haid, for dandies. Claverhonse was very careful of his lovelocks, and nobody blamedi it in Bonny Dundee. Charles L wore pearl earrings at the scaffold. The Spartans were as curious, before they died all, at Ther mopylae, and we admire them the more. Dr.. Arabella Kenealy is kind. ' A man's pet: vanities aregeseraUty mere amiable blemishes.'' Men are not proud of eloquence, or of geninsu bat- of their approach shots, or of their vioJIni playing. The great Frederick believed, ttu himself, as a performer on the flute, Bjuon was really too vain, Dr. Kenealy disks, bet Mrs. Lynn Liaton uuy remember tbst all women were in love vita Bytonw. He became ' an elegant rhymer,' but here Mr. Swinburne justly differs from Dr. -Eenealy. ' Elegant,4' as a rhymer, Byron conspicuously, was not. Man's vanity *? rarely matures, ae. a woman's is capable of doing, into a vicar.' It is rather a joke than otherwise, and gpee. much harmless enjoyment to the spectator.. Dr. Kenealy is a good-humoured judge attitu. old offender. Woman smiles 'in heraiWve'r' Sbe has plenty of aleere to smile ia** Mrm. Caffyn (whom we conceive to be theaBthoc-ofi the novel in which the heroine VKBW-ahos%a(f when she had a baby) says ste& are Tain.af their nerver. Other ladies say we are vain of our muscles, and applaud th»mble. 'Gentle- men who write for the wpers ' are 'in a cyclone of nerve- storma**— especially when they review ' Tommjcrica/ WelL they deserve pity, rather than contempt, for they do not like hysterics in bad grammar. Mis^ Norah Yynne would rather writ^oo. women's vanity. She thinks nxu hsre Emod* prt ached at, and screamed at, more tfema. enough. This, indeed, it is that makes, us vain. Woman's interest in as is jmmim mull ,. earnest, and absorbing. She nuriKtt leave O8i alone, on the links, in the smoking room, on; the moors, on the river. She only spares the pavilions at Lord's and the Oral because she cannot get in. She slices the torf, she c*£e. Lhe cloth, she peppers the beaters, she loses . the sal.non which man has hooked, ehedrii&H; bicycles imo otanibases, nay, she goes to? Anthropological meeting, where bluahif^ science has saddaaly to shut op, is a papec-on the marriage costoaas of The Di»er Indians, which, it seems, kck reserve Man is ne»s sarily proud* if embarrased, when woman chevies bira into bis most shy retreats, and, apparc&tly.cannotdowithoathim.; MissVynne tbiaks that men are vain of understanding; «romeo * If they could they might well be vain, bnt even Coy Heavfetone, after dismiss ing the sex as 41 poor little beasts,' added re flectively, **£gad I' Even he gave op cue riddle, like the amiable but exiled authnrr already cited. Miss Vynne adds that all neo. think all women jealous. If she said. '~alll good women,' some male philosophers mig^U abound in her sense, fan Miss VynneJayxbiH hand on her heart and say that it is xas&im; a man to praise one woman before, amther? There are exceptions to every raifcr feat we must act on rales for all that. B£*a' Evelyn Sharp is flippant, bat not unkiaal In fact, auLindness is tbe exception. In the great, war of the sexea, both camps one composed *& deserters in equal proportion, to the hostcte forces present.— Daily Xew. WOMAN AND IIOl WOES. Here are just a few of them :— First— Excepting on the siy*. she- is iii bumanly birred from using a cigarette case. Second — She U not allowed to make love^ bu t merely to rccei ve the manufact ore£ article. Third— When she bets with any member *f the other «ex she rarely has the privileged paying it if she loses. Fourth — She is unable to go unattended to the theatre. Fifth — She cannot even dance store than three times in succession with a partner whom she likes without being suspected of a tendency to flirt. Sixth— No matter how put out — by her maid or her milliner— sUe ia not permitted to make use of stronger language than ' Dear Seventh —She may not chaff the waiter at a foreign table d'hote, although she knows his language perfectly, and longs to take advantage of the chance of showing that she Eighth — By a masculine assumption she id deemed unable to play cricket or foothailV and is doomed to lest violent games, like croquet and tennis, with mild young men. Ninth— Though over head and ears in love, she may never make an offer, except, per haps, in leap year, and for ihis it wpuld be hard for her to quote an sctoal precedent. Ttnth— She is expected to be able to make use of a needle, and is thus disabled from . competing with men in works of idleness. Eleventh— Her ears arc sterped. in slang when her brothers come home from school, and yet ibeieobliged, as far as possible, to keep her lips from using it. Twelfth— If there be a baby in the house where she w visiting she is presumed to be usable ro talk sensibly a boat it. Thirteenth — When her married sister makes a call she is always pounced upon to entertain the children. Fourteenth— However humourous her tem perament may naturally be, she cannot crack a joke or sing a comic song without being thought eccentric. Fifteenth— She must not practise boring, except- aa regards the can of her email brother's. Sixteenth— She is not allowed the privilege of a latchkey. — Gtu&IT;* Saturday Journal. 