LITERATURE. REVIEWS. "ACombdt or Masks." By F.rneitDowson and Arthur Moore. . William Heinemann, London. This is a book that deals ohielly with modern Bohemianism of a rather mild type," the prinoipal ohareo tors'bsing •' oonple of artiste and a_ consumptive shipbuilder, oneof the artists being eooentrio and a genius, and the other a genius and mildly vioious. The bosh drawn okataoter is Philip Rainham, the ship*' builder. The bad artist bad "married the.girl that Philip loved, and to save her from phlis Philip had told a lie to aoreeu her husband, taking the sin of the artist on his own shoulders. The dialogue is oooasionally lively, but eeldom rises above the commonplace for any length of. time. Toward the close of tha. book the reader's'interest to so'me extent la , awakened,'but taken altogether " A Oomedy , of Masks" oannot be oonsidered a very striking story. . " An Australian Millionaire." By Mrs. A. Blitz. Ward, Book, & Bowden, London, hew York, and Melbourne. The story opens with the marriage of the heroine, Isabella (limp.o young girl, to Jeremiah Gold win, jin elderly millionaire. Soon after the~birth of an heir Gold win deteots his wife in 'a flirtatioa with a former lover. He then makes a will,, leaving her a thousand a year, which waste be reduced to a hundred in the event of the heir dying during his minority. His wife's oonduot kills the millionaire, and the heir. when only a few months old also dies, but the - wido w toprevent the loss of her income palms'off another infant as hereon, and it is mainly upon this spurious heir that the interestof the story ' is centred.. The plot is a good one,but on the. whole feebly worked out. In spit's of its title those who take the book up iu antibipAtion'Of getting a piotnre of Australian life Will ie disappointed. There is, hotvever, some-plea* sant reading in it, and the novel—which is* long one, covering 600 pages—as a whole would be tolerably interesting were it' not for the. tediousness of a mass of sentimental twaddle indulged in by a oouple of love-Biok girls, who philosophize not only over the affairs of this world, but also as to the possibilities of the next. The book contains quite a number of oharacters, but none of them are particularly striking or original, and if it fails to add greatly to oneh pleasure it is, at any rata; quite harmless. " The Camel." By Major Arthur Glyn Leonard. Longmans,, Green, & Co., London and New York. The author, who has had long experience of camels in India, Afghanistan, and Egypt, writes with the objeot of stimu lating an interest in and enoouraging the proper treatment of oamels under all phases and oonditions. The different speoies and breeds are described, with their ailments, oauBes, and remedies, and how to properly feed, water, and load them. Major Leonard considers the osmel superior for transport work to the elephant or bullocks, although for suoh work he speaks highly of the mule. In a ohapter on "Pur chasing" the author says—" Shun a wide, shAilow-cbested oamel as you would the devil, and, needless to say, a narrow-oheated one likewise. These are signs of weakness, and'ft oamel with these serious defects is not up fo hard or heavy work. Always look for depth of ohost, whioh is aaertaiu criterion of stamina and strength. ... A camel may be worked at four years of age, but when you are buying him for servioe never get pne under five or oyer fifteen years old." The 'book it very readable, and will prove valuable to all who have anything to do with camels. "OnuRcn Work : Iia Means and Methods." By Bishop Moorhouso. Macmillau & Co., London. This is a volume of disoourses delivered by the Bishop during his travel* through the Diooese. The visitation which ended in April last oooupied over a year, and during this time eaoh of the parishes was visited, and onnferenoes held with ovor 900 olergy. These discourses of the talented divine are good reading, notably those headed " Hate Aid to Voluntary Scln oIh," ■ " Reoreation," "Institutes in Villages," and "A Living Wage." In the last named will be found some very ehrewd remarks on the Labour question and Trades Uniona. The Bishop thinks that before long foreign oompetition will be a solid and disquieting faot, and enumerates several countries, including Franoe end Germany, where textile and machine faotories are running from 15 to 50 per oent. longor time than in hlngland. lie ulso deplores the faot of agricultural land going out of cultivation, and asks "oau it be for the pbyeioal or moral good of a nation that a majority of its people be ex cluded from the healthy pursuits of agricul ture? Can it oonduce to national indepen dence and eeourity that the very existence of the greater part of its inhabitants may be compromised by the acoidentB of war or a change in the currents of trade?" The bopk is a judicious compound of spiritual and temporal teaching, suoh aB Jews and Gentiles, clergy and laity, may read with both profit and pleasure. "TllEHorDKN." By Mrs. QungerFord W. Heinemann, Bedford-street, London. In "The Hoyden" we have a society novel, such as ladies who love light literature are pleased to trifle with. There is no great depth in it, but a dimly defined purpose, apparently to expose tbe worthieasness and superficiality of society life, or at least that section of it where superciliousness and arrogauoe take the place of simple dignity, and where selfishness is the mainspring o action and speech. The pages of Mrs. Hungerford's novel are here and there rather overweighted with small talk, in whicb there iB not a superfluity of wit, but even that is almost refreshing when compared to the iuflated style in which people of high degree are made to exohauge ideas in tbe average novel of tbe Braddonian stamp. The heroine, a fair, frolicsome, fragile, artless oreatureof sunny nature, a "millionairess" of no pudigree, marries Sir Maurioe Rylton, an impoverished Baronet, to escape from tbe thraldom of a grim guardian uncle. It is a mere business transaction—a ti^Ie for wealth— with no love on either side, for the hoyden{ia heartwhole, and Sir Maurioe is infatuated with his beautiful widowed cousin, Mfs. Betbuno, who will not wed him while he is poor, and when he marrios the heiress aots the part of a female lago aod makes Buch trouble in the household that the young bride is driven by her machinations to leave her husband's house and live with a lady friend, who tries to repair the breaoh. It ie through this friend that the young people discover that pure love really does exist between them, and they become re conciled. There are some delightful passages in the book of intensely human interest. Su Maurice is a manly, headstrong English gentleman, though his mother is a beautiful oynioal fiend, and there is much to admire in the character of Margaret Knollys, tho peaci* maker. One gets a little tired of the insipidhv of the flirtsome grass widow, Mrs Ghioheei and her male admirers, especially a hen' young man named Gower, bob the reader ia . drawn on until ibnrbM in the closing \- chapters, and completely satisfied at the ■ nouojwnf, and votes it a delightful book. "AOATHEDRAI.OOOBTSHIP," " pENEIiOPB'a ^ ■ English Experiences," and "Timothy's . Quest," By Kate Douglas Wiggin.. Gay and Bird, Strand, London. The oharm in this lady a writing Usb 4n the easeful way in which ahe telle her simple touching etoriaa of humble life, her maimer is so frank and natural, for there is. no straining aftereffect anywhere, for her sketches of life are like a true roving landsoape artist's drawings from nature out of doors. "Timothy's Quest" is a delightful story of a noble, lovable little lad of the waif and stray brigade, who, in the most unsophisticated fashion, •' unoonioiously makes himself a hero by be friending a girl-waif yqpnger than himself . and resouing her from the slums. There are 1 touching passages in the book, almost tear oompellinp, and the piquant humour is as ' refreshing as a lemon on a dry day. In "A Cathedral Courtship" and the other story bound up with it, viz., "Penelope's English Experiences," the reader will find mental pabulum of the most agreeable flavour. We oannot say in whioh of the two oreations ~ the power of attraotion is the stronger. They are both olever sprightly compositions, and present the character of an American girl in a charming light—so frank, free, independent, yet lovable. "Jack's Partner, and other Stories." By Stephen Fisko. Gay & Bird, London, This . is a oolleotion of well-written stories, the author being equally at borne in comedy, , tragedy, or pathos. The "Amerioan Ghost" is a startling story in whioh the author shows considerable dramatio power. All of them are full of i'noident, mostly of a pleasurable or .humorous character. An introduction by Mr. ; Joseph Hatton, giving a sketch of the "author's life, is interesting reading. Taken altogether it is just the sort of book to enliven a dull hour. Poems and Plats.—Mr. Hubert Stewart, formerly a resident of Adelaide, but sow in Melbourne, has forwarded to us a little volume of posma and plays which has baen neatly printed by MaOarron, Bird, & Oo., and is ob tainable from the leading booksellers. Some of the author's verses are very tuneful, end his most ambitious coin positions—suoh as " Day and Nigbt," " The Changes of Life," "The Philanthropist," "Mj Hero, Fitz,"and "The Pariah"—are characterized by a quiet philo sophy rationally and on the whole naturally presented, dome of the shorter pieoes are raoy, and others, like the songs, are of the kind distinctively termed sentimental. The greater portion of the volume ie filled by the two plays, " The Scapegrace" and " Beaten Ways." In these occur ' passages of real literary merit and of dramatic power: but the writer's style ia marred by inequality. His greatest defeot lies in a ten dency to be grandiose, and this oooaeionatly leads him dangerously near to bathos. In epite of its flaws, however, Mr. Stewart's little book is one whioh may profitably be added by colleotors of Australian literature to their libraries. The modest spirit in which its author offers his work to publio critioiBm la indicated by the olosiDg paragraph of hie preface—"lam now convinced that I have expressed euough to cover at least the trivial defeote of this work, and perhaps to ward off any prejudice to whioh my bitterest foe might be eusoeptible; and if, then, general condem nation of those who honour me with a perusal of this book be my only reward, I shall grace fully submit to what I must regard as a just verdiot, and seek balm for the wound to whioh I have exposed myself by reoalling from the past the pleasure derived from devotion to the muse I have been by nature taught to admire." — We have received from Messrs. Cawthorue and Oo. Gounod's last English eong " When the children pray," with words by Otway Thorpe. It ie published in keys to suit all voices, and the range is slightly over an octave. A tasteful organ aooompaniment and violin obbligatoare included in thepublioation. The song is by no means diffioult, but affords scope for the most effective ainging, aud should prove very popular both in the drawing room and on the concert platform. From the same firm oomee. another of Gounnd'e songs, "The Gross of Calvarv," published in four keys, F to B flat, with organ and violin parts. It resembles in style the well-known "Naza reth,"and may be confidently recommended to the notioe of any contralto or baritone ae specially suitable. A series of six national dances for violin and piano, by Ssrakowski, has also been- brought under notice by the Gawler-plaoe firm. Those have beoome popular as presented by Herr Heinicke'a orchestra, and now may be obtained in a form suited to duet performance. 