FITZROY CITY PRESS. FRIDAY, AUGUST 9th, 1895. Startling ! Brunswick-st. being watered to keep the dust down at 5 p.m. today ! No elections in Fitzroy. All the candidates returned unopposed. Bow-wow and Tabby time at the Exhibi tion Building. 'Bacca and bikes on the Parliamentary brain. The Pleasant Thursday Evenings at the Wesleyan Churches of Fitzroy and Fitzroy North being continued, and to the pleasure of a good many in those suburbs. All the knowledge and enlightment of the nineteenth century apparently powerless to drive out the belief in ghosts. Will the bicycle effect what the learning and logic of ages past has failed to accomplish. At the George-street Baptist Church, Fitzroy, the "Forward Movement," having for its object the spending of pleasant Sun day afternoons, is progressing well, and is evidently appreciated by those who attend. Arbour Day in North Carlton on Wednes day. When is Fitzroy to have another? South Australian women showing their sense. Woman's Suffrage League disbanded as it has now achieved the object for which it was formed. Who says that woman is not a reasonable and reasoning being now ? What comical ideas of pleasantness some people have. A pleasant Sunday afternoon was advertised a week or two back, the sub ject for oral treatment, " Franchise for Women." Could the inserter of that advt. ever have attended a Woman's Suffrage meeting? Will the reduction of duty on bicycles make these any cheaper to buyers? And if eventually they become as much cheaper in proportion, as other machines in demand have proved. What will tram and train pro fit by them? At the Fitzroy Court this morning Mr R. Rowe, rate collector, sued 50 defaulting ratepayers. A large majority of the cases had been settled out of court, and in the re mainder orders were made for the amounts claimed. The popularity of the Rev. S. H. Ferguson as a lecturer was fully proved by the large audience which crowded the Fitzroy Town Hall on Thursday evening to listen to the rev. gentleman's pourtrayal of Scottish village life, and also to some excellent singing. The title of the entertainment was "The Starling." The rev. gentleman, in ad dition to being thorough master of elocution \--is a natural humouriet, which enables him to depict with realistic force the characters of the folks in a Scottish village daily life. The entertainment was heartily enjoyed by all present and a general wish was expressed that the rev,. gentleman should give another lecture of a similar character. The proceeds were in aid of Dr. Singleton's charities. A meeting of the Committee of the Fitz roy and Collingwood Charity Carnival was held in the Mayor's room, Fitzroy Town Hall on Wednesday evening. The Mayor, Cr. H. G. Burrell, presided. The Hon. Secre. taries and Treasurers submitted a report showing the receipts up to date and the expenses incurred : it is anticipated that the amount to be handed over to Mayors Burrell and Beazley will be about £60. It was decided that as soon as it was possible to prepare a balance sheet copies should be forwarded to all the daily papers with a request that it should be published. It was also resolved that letters of thanks should be sent to all who had assisted in helping to make the carnival a success. A well deserved vote of thanks was tendered to Crs. Burrell and Beazley for placing their rooms at the disposal of the Committee. Votes of thanks were also accorded to the Hon. Secretaries and Treasurers, the police and press. Every dog has his day, but those at the Exhibition are having four. On Saturday evening the show closes. It has been a success, and seems to be established on per manencs. Some grand dogs are on view, and though the combined music they make is not as melodious as most people are ac customed to, it is cheerfully endured, and even forgiven in the interest aroused by those who make it. To-night the rate will be on view, and a great crowd is expected to gather round the beautiful domestic pets, which are to be exhibited. The poultry is, too, well worth seeing, and many birds and pigeons have more than ordinary interest taken in them. "Lady Una" and "Barry," the line St. Bernard dogs, are hard at work collecting for charitable purposes, and should to-morrow night secure a substantial sum from the great crowd that is expected to attend. Arrangements, generally, seem good, and to give satisfaction. A Will Case.--The following amusing case has just been decided, which proves that a legatee does not always get his or her wishes carried out, however carefully drafted a will may be:--In 1868, Ms. Robillard, a lawyer at Montreuil, received an envelope and parcel from a client called Mme. Levallee, with instructions that both were to be opened after her death. The lady died the other day, and on the parcel and envelope being opened, the former was found to con tain a pearl necklace, valued at 20,000fr., and the latter a document requesting that the lawyer's wife would accept the necklace as a tribute of the donor's gratitude for ser- vices received from Me. Robillard. This was all very pleasant, but unforstunately there was a will leaving all the goods and chattels of the deceased to a certain cousin, and the latter insisted on having the pearl necklace. The Court has decided in the cousin's favour, on the ground that it could not be a gift from hand to hand, as for twenty-seven years Me. Robillard did not know the contents of the package. This may be law, but one ventures to doubt if it is justice, as the undoubted wishes and in tentions of the deceased lady were certainly not fulfilled] 