SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LXXL. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid-' day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women," “Darker than Death," “An Ocean Secret," “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Rain,” “Who killed John Cameron?" “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister," &c.; The reader will doubtless - wonder how it was that, in the very dead of night, so many people turned up just when they were most wanted in the neighbourhood of so lonely situated a mansion as the old haunted nunnery, -. The . explanation, however, is a very simple one. The jovial leader of the procession had gone straight to St. Chad’s vicarage as soon as ever the walking of (he boundaries was over, awakened the Rev. Dick Bellos by throwing some gravel against his bedroom window, and, upon his putting out bis night- capped head, had informed him that it was a disgrace to religion and to civilization to have a ghost-crowded house almost within a stone’s throw of the town boundaries, whefi the Church had a method of laying ghosts at rest in their graves-; and then h'o proceeded to relate what had been seen inside an upper window of the nunnery. Parson. Dick’s interest was excited at once. It was a stroke of business that was quite in his line, and if it succeeded he could see that it would redound to his credit, and increase his fame almost if not quite as much as his rescue of the young farmer out of the clutch of the Devil had done. The form of procedure was the chief thing that bothered him, but when the leader asked, almost deprecatingly* and as j a man who had but little knowledge of! such matters should, whether the old market cross in Yorkshire street would hot have a beneficial effect if planted somewhere within full view of 'he haunted 1 house’s windows, the Reverend' Dick jumped at the idea, and vowed that not withstanding the ‘hour should be conveyed there at once, for the sly parson knew that the «reater amount of weird ness and gloomy effect he could throw Around the proceeding the greater also; would be the extent of fame and credit I acci uing to himself. So he got tho leader to promise to stand by and uphold him in all that he did, and then be dressed in has|e and put on bis full canonicals, and the two repaired, first of all to Packer street and Packer meadow, where six galloways (or galls) were hired, fitted with a slrange'kind of Impromptu rope harness, and then led I heroes the river to the market place at the j bottom of Yorkshire street, in the centre of which, lying prostrate on the ground (just as in wanton mischief it had been pulled down from off its pedestal a fort night previously by a party .of practical jokers) was tho market cross that they bad coine in quest of. The shape of a cross adapts itself for ropes being passed over .and around it in a way not easy for them to slip or lose their grip, and so the block of stone was soon attached at tho galloways and dragged along at their haels, followed by a crowd whom the strange mture of the proceeding had roused from their beds and tilled with a strong desire to see the ‘ ending of it.’ Across the butts and the bridge, and round by way of Drake street the strange procession wended its way, passing the Pinfold scarcely ten minutes after Sir Harry Howartb had obtained the key of the old mansion from the pinner. Not more than a score or so of people, however, would fellow parson, cross, ar.d galloways into Ghost lane preferring instead to climb the steep southern slope of Cattle hill, and, see as much as they could of the subsequent proceedings, from the presumed safe coign of vantage, nathless that it was not far short of a quarter of a mile distant. : Well, th ra old market cross, by tho united strength of the score or so of individuals hauling on to the ropes, was set upright in the ground just out of Ghost jane, and within full view of the haunted nunnery? and then Parson Dick went through an impressive and mystic cere* mony of his own invention, borrowed partly from tho Druids, partly from the Papists, in some measure frora iho fire worshippers, dancing dervishes and Buddhists, and not a little from the lex non scripts of the reformed Church of England. 3f course it bad an immense effect upon the, immediate lookers on, who. had such / faith ip the ghosts being thereby at once cleared out of the district .that, when it was all over; and Parsdn Dick and the ‘galls,’ and their drivers had departed up the lane, nine-tenths of the’tn stayed in order to listen to .an.harangue from the red Pight«capped pinner, Jim Nuttal), who wda.~.an • individual who liked to hear . himself talk, very exceedingly,-and who directly the greater person ages had turned their backs upon ih<> -scene, caught the public attention by declaring ‘ that for years he’d hod the keys and care of the ..haunted nunnery, and-that if they liked he'd tell ’em a few tales of the did place .ithat would make their very eyeballs jingle. 1 . v Before, , however, ho bad even cora- .hjs narration, the shfill cry of .* Murderj murder ,1 ’ rang out.oloso in his And;jnto?the. very centre of the [group there dashed little Joslnh Tobyn, 'tee leather stay maker, whose first exclamation was ; v ; * had no part in |t„. I’m as .innocent as a child unborn;.. X’d have prevented It if I could,..but his sword was through him .before you\ cpuld say Jack Bobinain, ~*Ob, Jim Nuttalj | J if that’s : really yon, you’re 'as deserving of; the gallows .for baviDg.;lent him.the Jcdyis-pf the old house as. 1 am for having accompanied him there. ••• : , ■ - " ' the row j Has anything bap; peped ? I was in hopes that the parson iiad muttered his hoous-poCus in time to have prevented-any harm.coming to Sir " ‘Harry.’ ' This from the pinner, but. the stay maker quickly retorted: - ■ *... -• r No harm has happened to him,, but • he’s murdered a young man •whom bo jound'inhere, and belli murder bis wife aa well if you don’t make haste and save her ’ * ' II II. 'i , -- r - -r V ' . ~ insoourolf planted it soon fell down, and io time became firniTy embedded in the igrouod' and. buried; beneath It, Very many -yotrs elapsed, and lt wosoncarlhod when the turnpike road was made .from. Eochdnjo to v Manchester*. But haste wasTiuade, 'and the reader already knows wlmfc resulted therefrom. Sir Harryr^Iowarth was dumbfounded when she whom lie,'had made sura was his wifeannounced herself to be Lady Oamorou of Stranraer. The title was unknown, to him, and sounded strange, and barbarous.to his' ears, for Scottish names seemed as uncouth to Englishmen of that day as some Russian ones do to Britons of the pre* sent. From that moment everything that had happened and was still happening appeared like a hideous and ijjcoqxproheusiblo night mare to, He no Tnofe-quesRons. In a dazed kmdVm 'vay,lie,knew whpiahowas — i who site ay long as she was noYN-hiV wife, did not interest hiinthTl&a;'sf.'.^V He had liia facuHies-sufficiently about him to even wonder ,’at this, but tlie wonder could not conquer or alter the fact; it only created a fresh doubt in bis mind, namely, as to whether or not he was going mad—like his daughter Lucy had done—for he kne.w that madness *was N almost a family -'inheritance—like the gout—at some period or other of life His strange reticence was, however, a great relief to Rose, who had dreaded being questioned and cross-questioned by him. ‘Surely,’ she though*, ‘he must know who I am, yet she couldn’t be quite sure even of that, nor did it trophic or perplex her for long, sifice she had more serious matters to engross her attention than even her. sister or her sister’s husband. She had declared her; intention of ac companying Lancelot Leigh to his father’s house, but she soon found she would not be allowed to do this. When, in fact, the attorney's clerk and the other searchers came back from an ineffectual hunt after the ‘other Jacobite’ for whom the reward had been offered, or, in other words, her husband, they behaved in such a way as to show her that they did not intend to allow her a single chance of slipping through their fingers. In a few minutes more some of them lmd_ carried Lancelot Leigh out of the house on two boards lashed together to form a stretcher, without even telling her where they were going to take him ; and a little later, ahe and the baronet were bade by. those who had remained behind to ‘ stir their stumps in ihe direction of Rochdale gaol,’ whether they were at once marched off by a'savage amateur pd’ice, each one of whom was maddened by the thought that ‘ there was so many in the job,’ and that, consequently, the reward of each would be so proportionately small. What, however, were their feelings compan d with (hose of Halcamus Green wood, when he happened to learn all that had taken place ? , With heart elated by joy at the dis* covery which he had made, he came up out of the dugoon (or the vipers’ hole as some folks oall-d it), into the high, square, ruinous keep of the Saxon castle, feeling assured that he should now bo able to. win the reward fo r the hiding Jacobites as well as that-proffered by Sir Harry Hownrlh for the recovery of his wife, without one at all interfering with the successful accomplishment -of (he other; when, quitting the tower through the same breach that - ho hacL.entered it by, he suddenly, and to his moat intense surprise, found jnms'df among a crowd of people, ins'ead c bf. surr-und d only by brambles and gorse hushes. They all seemed to be gazing in one direction, too, and it was that of Qhosb lane and the haunted nunnery. H dcaruus was sciz d with uneasy ap prehe aio s at once, and gliding among them as ho thought unpcrcoived, lie asked the first m->n,who by (he moonlight looked to bo a fool, ‘ what was up ?’ ‘ Where be you coma from that you don’t know (hat already ?’ was the immedi ate counlor question, which proved to Greenwood that it is not always safe logo by appearances. ‘ Oh, I’ve bill just come up,’ said ho, addir g, ‘ Surely it’s a sufficiently uncom mon flight to soe a crowd on Ctsllo hill at i this hour of the night to tempt a man to climb tho steep to inquire what brings ’em here? ‘Oh, well, it’s soon (old. They’ve, boon beating the bounds to night, for some reason or oth -r—n bet that they couldn’t follow (hem aright some say—and ini coming up the lane (hey peed every win* dbw of the haunted nunnery chock full of ghosts. So Parson Bellos has lost no time over the matter, but has brought tho obi cross from the Market place,and stuck it up within full view of the house as a sort of notice to the spectres to quit pos session, an’ I believe the parson’s fjring prayers and curses at' ihem as well, in order to lay ’em as he calls it. Sorpo be gone o a with him, bat more .prudent folk, like land the rest, have »topp«-d at a safo distance, for we had so much truck with the d^'i 1 .. and his irpps as Parson Dick has, and so don’t earn to bn too 'venturesome. Oh, Imre (hey bo coming back again, so, £ suppose the job’s done,’ This-was a blear and lucid explanation of matters, built didn’t pl-ase ifalcamus Greenwood half so much as it enlightened him. He stood and watched Parson B«llos in his canonicals and the galloways and their drivers turn round by the Pinfold in the direction of-Dr<ike Street, and then raut* tering deep and bitter curses as he strode along, he instinctively made his way down GhpstLme, though he did not in Lire least hit know why he was doing so. Bub the consequence was that no sooner had he got'within close proximity to tho old house than to bis dismay, as well as his astonishment, he beheld a good number of people coming out of the very building itself, bo concealing himself at a spot which they would have to pass close by if they took tho|nearest and most direct cat Boohdalowards, the bright moonlight revealed;, when they .bad got fairly of him, the faces of Sir Harry Howarth and Rose (his wifeVtwin siaterjwho now know her to be) .in /.the, centre of; the crowd, yet kept o little apart from each other, and evidently treated as prisoners. , - - , Greenwood now f 01t, to uao a prov.r,rbial ■phrase,'‘as mad os a hatter,’, though why ca. hatter should bo madder than'other, fplks it is Uard tp toll ; nevertheless it 1* a fact that tho hattors of Rochdalo, M That period of which we write, were seemingly the maddest of its entire popu* Nation'/ ‘ ,■;] j.-' ■ Bak Holoamus had good ’excuse for beihg so, (or it appeared'-to him ns though all his grand schemes of self*nggrandise* i ment Were crumbling to tho dust. |. ' He had, nevertheless, safficiont presence.' of mind left him to slip unporceived oat; i of the hedge whonv the crowd bad passed; by up the 1 lane, artd, joining fks tailed ffslt j one of its competent- members happened* > N . .,.... He had addressed himabJS by bhande y t6 the -little leather, stay-maker, Joslah Tobyn, who.replied disconsolately^.and: little gucasing, who was4ria questioner ‘:What has happened say you? Why, I’ve lost a thousand pounds, that’s what’s happened! I' intended to have restored a broken-hoartel husband to a lovely and persecuted wife, and I’ve got a fellow crea ture run right through the body instead, and the husband aforesaidwilldoubtleasget hanged for the mistake, and, oh lad,. I might have been banged in bis company as—as a presumed, a very naturally, pre sumed accomplice—if T hadn’t at once divorced myself from the dangerous connection by rushing out of the house for help, and presently returning with it, actively assisted in making him a prisoner. But my thousand pounds are—gone— gone—gone—for, it wasn’t his wife after all, don’t you see? Haloamus Greenwood saw not only that bat everything else as well. He had no patience to pot any more questions, and he would have gladly .wrung the little stay maker’s neck had be only dared. As he didn’t dare he dropped behind the crowd and began to ponder, upon what was best to be done und ( ?r the circumstances. CHAPTER LXXII. The next day Sir Harry Howarth and Lady Cameron 61 Stranraer were arrainged before the magistrates at the Flying Horse Inn, in Packer Street, where courts of petty sessions were at that time always held; As the oases against them were of a totally different nature, they were, of course, .charged separately the baronet with the attempted murder of one Lance lot Leigh, and Lady Stranraer for consort ing with rebels and traitors,- and, knowing them to be, such, failing to deliver them over to the law. Sir Harry was the first to be arraigned and pleaded through his solicitor homi>< cido by misadventure. Jonah Tobyn entered the witness-box ready to swear to anything and every thing that was at all calculated to white*, wash himself from all blame in the matter. He deposed'to the how and for. what reason he had conducted Sir Harry Howarth to the old bouse in Ghost Lane on the previous nigh*, and that when they had entered it as quiet a manner as they could they saw what looked like a man’s form in the gloom, whereupon Sir Harry had roared out ‘villain,’ and rushed upon the individual, and run his sword through him, and he (the witness) had imraedis ately made off in order to summon assist ance. ‘ Have you any questions to put to the witness?’ asked the senior magistrate of the baronet when Tobyn’s examination in chief was done wjth. Sir Harry turning upon the litblo stay maker, said to him, ‘ Did you hear me address myself to the figure in the gloom, and receive the answer from him that he was Greenwood before 1 rushed upon him ?’ ‘ I can’t say, I was too nervous to take notice. I flatter myself that I am as-bravo as most men, and confront me with assassins or spectres singly and 1 hope I should know bow lo fnoo ’em. But when I became impressed with the idea that 1 was in the company of both of ’em, I made my bow and retired, * an swered the little man with dignity. ‘ D m’t make an ass of yourself, witness,’ said one of - tho justices in so stern a tone that the staymaker nearly jumped out of his shoes. ‘ And look ye/ he added, * answer the questions that are addressed to you briefly and to the point, or we’ll commit you to prison for contempt of court.’ ‘.Lord sake, gentlemen, I’ll say what ever will give you pleasure, and if you want to g« t Sir Harry off as—as being a bird of tho same feather—without meaning any offence by the term, I’ll swear that another man rushed into the bouse and passed the baronet and myself and did the deed. It’ll be all the same in a hundred years, your honors, but as I’m the father of twins newly arrived your worship— and nine other small children besides— tho sending .me to prison would be a serious tiling for-all of us, not oven for getting the mother, who would bo sure to go stiff, stark, staring mad, and a disgrace, and in that state of mind would most likely first throttle all the young’uns, and then clop my powder flask into her mouth and blow her own head off by shoving a lighted match into it, because of the un, merited dishonor that was cast upon the name of Tobyn,’ retorted the staymaker all in one breath. ‘ Send that fellow about, his business, his tes'imony is worthless ; he offers to violate tho sanctity of an oath; he declares himself ready to swear to any thing,* said the senior magistrate, and the other assenting to his dictum Tobyn was first bustled out of the witness box, and then unceremoniously kicked out of tho court, this last to the pain of his posterior, but, at the same time,. (o thb gre 4 relief of his mind. Jim NatUll, the pinner, then was sworn, and deposed that at a quarter-past two in the morning Sir Harry Howarth had woke him up and offered him at first a guinea, and then two guineas, for the keys of the old house in Ghost,, lane, of which he bad the care. Then he had' tried to dissuade him from entering the mansion at such an hour by saying that awful beings in the shape of mortal men were known to infest it all through the long hours of darkness, and that the baronet had. replied with an oath, ‘Should I meet anything there in the shape of a mortal man ray sword shall be through him in a twinkling.’ Tho word* were spoken with great venom, and ho (the witness) remembered them so well perhaps on that account. He went on to depose as to being present when Parson Bellos planted tho market cross in (ho lane; and laid the ghosts,— to. his lemaining'behind and* addressing a few people who stopped 46 Hear him about (he old house—to Josiah Tobyn, the previous witness, suddenly rushing up and informing them that a murder had been committed therein by the prisoner then at the bar, and as to running thither in company with several more and finding a wounded man lying almost at the foot of the stairs with no manner of weapon in his hand or lying beside him,the prisoner standing over him with bis drawn sword in his hand dripping with bipod; and a young lady 66 the, stairs, and apparently in the act of decending them, but looking as though she was afraid Ho come any -further for fear lest she should bo slain in like manner. . Hid the prisoner deny his guilt?’ asked one of the magistrates. . ? , f No, your worship/ answered’Nuttalli, 1 Ho as good as ponfesaed it, but that ho had made a mistake in his.mao, and had taken - .the - wopndod gentleman to be anjind.ividual calfc^ .i* ‘ Haye you aiiy questions ta put. to this 'wRpb8B,,Sir Harry ?’ asUed 4he senipit justice/'"' ; f.. J \ £ * Nb, for he has spoken nothing bulj the truth, and knptfs nothing more than he has already deposed to,’ was the answer. The court then inquired it the wounded man had been . capable of making any depositions by affidavit but was informed by his medical attendant that ho was in far too serious a condition to be able’to do so. _ Upon being sworn, ho deposed, how ever, that Lancelot Leigh had twice or three times uttered the.word ‘Mistake— mistake/ though it was impossible to de cide whether he was quite conscious of what he said. Hose was then put into the box on Sir Harry’s account, previously, as everyone concluded, to being placed in the dock on her own, and deposed firstly to the manner in which she had been awakened by the sounds of a scuffle and of a shriek below stairs, and secondly as to what slie had beheld on lighting a candle and descending she staircase in order to dis cover whit was the matter. As the reader, however, is acquainted with the whole affair, there is no need to enter into a twicetold tale. The blackest bit of evidence she gave I against the-baronet, exactly corresponded wjth Nottall’s namely, that his own sword | was drawn and blood dripping; while the wounded man bad no kind of weapon either in his hand or dropped near him. The double testimony seemed to'declare the crime, beyond the shadow of a doubt to be one|of assassination inslt id of a mere* duello. The case for the Crown being no w concluded Sir Harry was asked what ho had to urge in his . defence, and brief! y stated that his wife had been abducted by force froth the grounds of Clegg Hall, and how he offered a reward of a thous and pounds for her recovery. That Josiah Tobyn, who had been examined as a witness against him, had told him where she was to be found, and that he bad set out in that individual’s company in order to rescue her. That on entering the old house in the night time be bad described an unmistakable man’s form in the dark ness, and concluding that it could be no other roan than his wife’s abductor bis anger and indignation had got the bettor of him, and under their influence he had drawn his sword, rushed forward, and run him through the body.. He said much more than this, but the forgoing is an epitome of what be did say. The magistrates then put their heads together and would doubtless have ac quitted the baronet, had it be<m possible to do so without a gross rais-carriage of justice. As however, it was very evident that he could have no right to take the law into his own hands in any case, and that a yet heavier degree of culpability was attachable to his running an unrcsislablo man through the body prior to convinc ing himself in a much more careful manner thin he had done as to whom he was, they had no resource open to them 1ut to.commit Sir Harry to prison until such time as the recovery or death of his victim should settle the nature of the crime wherewith he would have to bo charged at the approaching Lancaster Assize. Nor was it possible, under the then existing laws, to allow him bail, on which account he was at once taken away and lodged in gaol. CHAPTER rLXXIfr. Sir Harry thus disposed of, Rose wos next arraigned before the justice; but, instead of b< ing placed in the dock, was accommoda'ed with a chair on the floor of the court. All who looked upon her, and that was every one who was present, knew her to bo one of the beautiful RadolifTe twins, hu there wag not a aing'e individual among them who could have positively sworn which. On b'-ing naked.her name she answered calmly, hut wi h dignity, ‘I am Lady Oame.-on of Stranraer,’whereupon one of the magistrates observed to his compeers, 1 If thatho so she is the wifeofa rebel us to whose whereabouts wo have as yet be n unable to obtain any clue; and, being so, neitho- can she testify against him, nor is she iimoiiftblo for consorting with him or for refraining from betraying him to the autho.i ive, fir husband and wife are one, both by human ni.d divine lawt. 'Aye, but she ami the other fellow, whom the baronet spitted on his sword point, are not on •,’ quoth ano’hor jus tice. .* Bn' | 1Q is not on his trial,’ said a third. ‘But she is,’ pronounced a fourth. ‘ O n you prove that you are what you affirm yourself to bel Nob that I doubt your statement-, but chore are cases in which the law requires legal proof,’.said the senior magistrate then to Rose. In answer she plucked from her bosom the roughly written out cortilicato of marriage that had been given lo her by the clergyman who had performed the ceremony in the cave on the Ohsviol Hills. .‘Oh,’said the magistrate, when the document had been handed to him, and he hud read it through with a considerable dogree-of wonder. ‘ You were married in a strange manner, and; all the worse for you'and the bolter for the ends of justice, man invalid one. A marriage, unless it be by special license,which yours evid? ntly was not, must be solemnised in a place of worship that has been licensed for the purpose, and a cave on a hill side scarcely comes under category.! ' Stay,’ said a second justice on whmn Rose’s beauty had made a considerable impression. ♦ On what side of the Cheviots was this cave situated — the Scottish or the English T ‘ The Scottish/ answered Lady Stran raer. ' Oh, (hen, your marriage is ns valid as it well could be/ responded her champion, ' for, solemnised in Scotland, it is governed by Scottish law, which declares that a wedding may bo performed any* whore, at any time, and by! a minister of any persuasion whatever.’ Not only did he affirm this,.but ho also convinced bis colleagues that such wjs a fact, whereupon th-*y quickly came to the djoisioa that the prisoner must be acquitted, for that there was nothing whatever to be laid to her oh argn. The decision was received with much applause, and in (ho midst of it Rose bowed to thoBonch, and then walked out oLtho Ejying Horse into Packer Street a free woman, ’’Shrinking from (he congratulations and the plaudits of the mob, who wore blustered thickly in tho streets outside the inn door, Rose descended the steep thoroughfare at n quick walk, and within five minutes more had entered the grounds of. her father's house. . The old mansion in the wobd was now surroaaded by. rich aatumnalfoliagp,nnd the ga.rdpn beds were. gay with flowers. The. sun lighted up the.lapdsorfpv'aud tfia. Tiyor instead of rushing past on tbo otherside of ■tboswestbriar.edgo in a foam flMKed tprrontYhad acarcely a ripple on its broad/shallow surface. . • . ’ There was, therefore, very little in (ho scone itself to recall to Rose’s memory her last parting, in the far corner of those narrow grounds, with her twin sister Ruth ; yet, for all that, her gize sought out with a thrill and a shudder the old seat-surrounded laburnum tree, beneath which they had spoken their last farewells after having come to the conclusion that under the extraordinary circumstances, in which they wore placed, a deception backed by falsehood was ■ excusable, and that the dogma most lieingly ottributed to the Jesuits, that in some cases the end justifies the means, no matter what thorn means are, was applicable to them in their then or rather in Ruth's then dilemma. ‘And where was Ruth now?’ she wondered. ‘ Had she run away from her second husband ns she had done from the first, and if so, why ? ’ The way in which S r Harry Howarth had addressed himself to her white believ ing her to bo her sister, 1 and the furious manner in which he assailed and almost wounded to death Lancelot Leigh, was enough to fill her with the gravest apprehensions as to both Ruth's conduct and fate; and as she had been excluded from the court during the charge against the baronet, save during such brief time ns she was giving her own evidence, no spark of onlightmcnt to her at Ions'-, hid been shed upon the mystery there. ‘But papa and mamma will of course know all about it,’ she argued to herself, and then she quickly crossed over to the convolvuli wreathed porch, and with a trembling hand opened the front door and walked into hcrold and once beloved home. Her first welcomer was Dew Drop the bull, dog, who three times nearly knocked her over in Ins paroxysm of joy. Not until bis excitement was allayed by her allowing him to lick' her hand, and finally her nose while she showered a perfect rain of pats upon him would he allow her to get any further. When, however, she had paid toll to Cerberus in this fashion, Cerberus condo scended apparently using his tail as a rudder, to turn round and be her cons ductor. Waddling along as only a bull dog and an alligator, can, and every instant twist ing round his huge and honorably scarred head, decorated with blear red eyes and an out-lolling longue, to observe whether he was followed, lie led her straight into the heavily furnished and gloomy looking dining room where her parents were who no sooner cast eyes upon her than they thought she was Ruth,and exclaimed in a breath : ‘ Saved !’ * Alive S’ Old John immediately added in grum bling tones: ' What an ass I was to think for a single instant, that she could not have been anything else than alive. What use could the scoundrel have made of her dead ? Well, I’m glad (hat you are ulive for all (hat, loss. Where did the villain hide you away? Was it in Tyrone’s cave ? I’ve told ’em ’twas there from the very first, and if I’d boon ten years younger I’d havo found you myself, aye, that I would. Well, how did they get at you, eh f ‘ I’m not Ruth, I’m Rose,’ said Lady Stranraer ns soon as she could stem the tide of her mother’s kisses and her father’s flow of words, ‘ I hope that you’re equally glad to see me, though I , wish from my heart that it was Ruth, if' she is in any danger. What is it? Where u aim ? O't, tell me do ?’ It was several minutes, however, be« foro she got any answers to her ques'ions, so g’ad wore her p treats to see her, and so eagerly did they ask her about herself; for, strange as it may appear, they had heard nothing ns yet of all the oxtrnordin ary and tragic occurrences of the nighi before at the haunted nunnery and else where, dr what had taken place before the magistrates that morning, the House in the Wood being relief out of the way of goa-ip, and old John’s gout oml other ailmen's keeping him much more indoors than formerly. Rose’s strange costume and outer general appearance also helped to excite their curiosity, so she lud to sib down between them and give them a brief outline of everything that bad happened to her from the date of her leaving home to that of her five minutes’ ago return' to it, and many times during the narration old John lifted up his eyes ond his hands, and declared that ‘ it would make a book ;’ little foreseeing the while that the day would arrive, more than a century and a half Kter, when it would do so, and (hat aft<*r first appearing in the columns of o newspaper. When Rose had fully satisfied her parents’ curiosity svith regard to herself, she insisted on th ir gratifying h r own with respect to her sist-r ; aye, qven before she suff-nd them to set meats before her, faint and exhausted though she felt from having gone for so long a time without food, or at all eve .ts anything like an adequate supply there of. As the reader knows exic ly what tlmy I hsd (o loll her, wo need only say that she I was bo h shocked and terrified by the | information. ‘ It is Halcamus Greenwood who 1 has don ? it all,’ aho immediately ex>‘ claimed. ' ‘ Your mother and I have' not the slightest doubt about that, and Sir Hurry Howarth is, I imagine, of the same way of thinking,’ answered Mr Rud .oliffc. ‘ Has ho then discovered that he married the wrong sister?’ asked Rose [ anxiously ; and then sin hastily added, ‘ You are of couise aware that Ruth fully-believed horse : f a widow when she took my place.’ * Sh© told us oil that—in fact wo know everything now, but Sir Harry still believes that you are his wif ■, and I trust you have neither said nor done anything' to undeclovo him on that point during the last few hours !’ ‘ Not I—but he must have known that it I wasn’t his wife I was Green wood 1 *, and my declaring myself as Lady Cameron of Stranraer must have puzzled and ; be wildered him to an intense degree.’ t - ‘ I’m not at all sure that making a clean breast of it would nH be the wisest as well as the most honorable '-‘and straightforward coarse under the circum stance 4 , 1 put in Mrs Radcliffe at this junc ure, * and if Rose could only sum mon up courage to visit him in his prison cell; and—— ’ . ‘ !b isn’t to be thought of for a moment, * interrupted old John. ‘ Our mistake, weakness, crime—call it wliob you will--ha8 at last landed him in gaol, and may yet plant him beneath the gallows. Is the present time a time for explanations ? They would only cause him to abhor and to curse the whole boiling of ua ns the instruments of his disgrace and ruin, and, ns a natural consequence, he would withdraw- liis offer of'a thousand pounds for Ruth’s restora tion, and then that infernal scoundrel Greenwood would as likely as not.murder her in whatever place he may fiavq stowed her, out of sheer spite and malignity caused by,his disappointment. I couldn’t make up the sum to him. I couldn’t even pay him twenty pounds. I’m-bank-- rupt both of roomy and credit, and no body knows that better than ho does.’ ‘ A clear conscience is a great blessing, and — and from what Rojo has admitted —I—I should imagine that her husband was rich,’ stammered poor Mrs Radcliffe, looking at her daughter appealingly the whit Rose flushed crimson to the very roots of her hair, and then became as pale as marble, as she replied : 1 1 would not have my husband know anything of the matter for worlds. You cannot imagine how noble-minded ho is, or how he hates deceit and deception in every shape. Besides, I know not that he is rich. He may have spent his all in .the service of him who ho esteemed to be his rightful king, and if he has not, then the Hanoverian Government will too surely seize upon it and appropriate it as the belongings of a traitor. Even the title will doubtless be blotted out. Be assured mother, that ho can help us in r.o way whatever.’ ‘Oh, Rose, I am afraid that, after all, you have not made nearly so good a match as I had begun to hope you had,’ faltered Mrs. Radcliffe, ‘ Well, won’t you even be Lady Stranraer if all’s done that you seomf'd to dread.' Dread? I dread? Indeed I do nothing of the kind, mother. If they will but spare me my husband’s life I shall bo so grateful to thorn that I shall care very little what else I do. Now that Iam sot free I mean to start almost at once for London, and there use every effort to ob tain bis pardon.’ ‘ His pardon? You obtain his pardon? Why, what could you do, who knows no one there, and has not the slightest in fluonco there?’ stuttered old John. ‘ I will force myself into the presence of the queen, and I will win her sympathy, for she is a woman, too.’ * Why, of course, she is. If she wasn’t she’d be the king, wouldn’t she? Well, she might help you, or again she mightn’t. That depends very much upon her inclina tion, and also upon whether she wears the breeches. If, I was king and your mother queen, a pretty girl would show herself more sensible by coming direct to me,’ answered old John. 1 If the queen fails me, I shall go to the king. Should they both refuse my request I will try the Prime Minister and others, and, if all alike turn a deft ear to my supplications I will peril my own life and liberty in the attempt to preserve his,’ said Rose, in a way which sufficiently showed that, ns far as dogged determination went, she was her father’s own child. In vain both her E ther and mother, who having recovered her so recently did not at all relish the i l«a of losing her again so soon, endeavored to dissuad ; her from her resolution, for she was firm as adamant. CHAPTER LXXfV. After partaking of breakfast and lun cheon in one, Rosa said that she should go to Captain Leigh’s, to enquire after his son, and on her mother asking, with an expres ion of mild horror, whether such a step wasn’t ‘ very improper,’ Rose said that it was one that her husband would have had her take under the circumstances she was very sure, and that real and devoted friends wore too few in the world for a single one of I hem to bo slighted or overlooked. ‘ Let the wench do what she likes. She’s got the bit between her teeth, and jerked the bridle out of our hands as well, so where’s (he me trying to guide her? Added to that I’m not at all sure that sh« won’t steer a straighten course if left, to choose her own,’ growled old John. So the c msequenco was that Rose a’tired herself once more like a lady, for (he wardrobe in In r old bedroom was still stocked with dresses, and then she set out for the Orchard Manor house, where Captain Leigh thmi resided, though he hadn’t paid any rent for nearly a year owing to his’grcant expectations’ not having yet got so far as realization. It caused Rose a thrill to observe that the knocker was muffled ; just as a few seconds previously she had shuddered at the discovery that two or throe indi viduals wore dodging around the trunks of the apple and pear trees, evidently in order to escipe her observation, for their presence and movements had sent the conviction to her heart that these skulkers w«r« the reward of hunters, who were resolved that poor young Leigh should only escape them by way of iho tomb, while the mufll d knocker seemed to hint that he was already on its very threshold. She forgot a good deal of this, however, when she was piost’n'ly introduced into Captain Leigh’s presence, and perceived* that bis antique foppishness was not one I whit abated by hi* sou’s mast precarious [ condition, but that he was powdered, ' patched, and tight 1 iced, like any o‘her elderly military beau of the period. It is true that one false calf was a trifle away, and (hat a money spider was wandering ov?r his glass eye without causing him to wince, but that didn’t prevent him ogling Ro iO with the other, ! and as for his calf, how so large an j amount of fiction could possibly have been laid upon so small a substratum of fact was wonderful in itself. He ceased to ogle as soon ns he dis covered who Rose was, and when in a tremulous voice she inquired after the health of his son, the smile which had so effectually revealed his double sot of false feelh faded wholly away, and he re ap mded: ~ { What does the woman who has brought him to his present pass want to know for? Though you, madam, he has first lost his happiness, secondly his si uation, thirdly his honor, and lastly his liberty. When ho recovers, however, ho will also in all probability, and again through you, lose his life. Look through any of these windows for a few seconds, and you will see how the human vultures and the kites are keeping watch so that he shall nob have the slighost chance of escaping their beak*, and u Five hundred pounds for thorn and a gallows for him,” .is what they are cawing to themselves all the while ’ v” 1 ‘ Oh, spare me—spare me,’ moaned Rose, chopping involuntarily into a chair. ' Your words are too o uel and too despairing as well. If God will only spare your son his life I will pray him daily, aye hourly, to grant me the power to win him his liberty. To-night I journey to London to beg for my husband’s pardon, and belitvo mo that I will plead equally hard for Lancelot’s, Nor do I doubt that I shall succeed in both cases.’ ‘ It’s nothing less than you should try to do—it’s, nothing loss than your bound to attempt. You at first encouraged his attentions and protended that you loved him, and I, his father, placed no restric tions , upon your intercourse, believing itlmt $ou would bring him a thousand qjrpunds in addition to yourself, for that your old father used to declare th'dt each of his daughters was good Then you almost break the poor young follow’s heart by engaging yourself to Sir Harry Howarth. .Next you roprnb of your brief worldlinoss and pack your twin k' r s \ -guTtcr off upon tho baronet (oh, you needn’t start, for Lanci lot has let oat no end of stiange things in his delirious ravings, I can tell you that much for your comfort—or the reverse —just ns it may prove). You fraudently pack your twin sister Ruth off upon the baronet, I say—then fall across my son once more — lure him northwards after you to the loss of his situation—marry a bare legged Highland chief even after all this display of devotion on rny poor boy’s part, and, not content with that, directly this savage Celt has forfeited his life by taking partin an unnatural rebellion against his lawful sovereign, you use your beauty and your blarney to bind my infatuated Lancelot to your joint not caring one iota about his risking his honor, his liberty, and bis life in tbe ser vice, so long as bis efforts enable your new fancy the gallows or tho axe, which he has so richly merited.’ Captain Leigh came to a dead stop Imre, by reason of want of breath rather than because he had exhausted all that he had to say; bub Rose availed herself of the opportunity by striking in with : ‘Believe mo, sir, that though there is a great deal of truth in what you have just said, you view matters and have repre sented them also in a most distorted manner. The good services which your son has rendered to both my husband and myself it is impossible to over estimate, or for either of us to be too grateful for, but they were voluntarily given and with an ardor that was irrepressible, while at tbe. some time they wore won by a manly sympathy for my noble hus« band's most unmerited misfortunes, and neitbr r my beauty or blarney, a* you were ungentlemanly enough to designate it. For the rest on my arrival in London I shall do what I have said, and there is a something within me which seems to whisper that I shall be successful.’ 4 With the queen or with the king?’ asked Captain Leigh with a half-sneer. ‘ If not with the queen then with the king, As a woman T shall naturally appeal to a woman first.’ You might save yourself tho trouble, tier majesty is only a woman in nam 1 ', for she is a perfect iceberg by nature. The king, on (he other hand, has a heart of fire, and a pretty face and form can at all times stir its smouldering embers into a fresh flame. Yes, T believe that tho king might bo induced to spare both your husband’s and my son’s liv* s, at n price, aye, and even grant them their liberties as well. What’s more, I think it would be your duty to pay that price, as the meet penally of all the mi-.chief that you have wrought.’ He looked at the b autiful g'rl keenly, scarcbingly, yet at tho same time con* temptuously, as ho concluded, and unable to misunderstand Iih meaning, Rose sprang to her feet, and while biting her nether lip till the b'ood spurted therefrom, she turned her back on him, and without deigning a single word by way of reply, at once quitted the room and house. Hardly had she got out of the orchard, however, without turning either to right or left as she wont, when a hand was laid somewhat roughly upon h«r shoulder, and looking round she recogni-cd at a glance her father's once groom, and her poor sister's evil genius, Halcamus Civ.enwood. (to de continued.) 