MY HAUNTED CHAMBER _ .a By Tpant Chambeks. . (For -;'.ic Daily 17ev--c.) . Tho?.ov/ho from the al.ove hcadics cxpect to linu 3 -..story, tinder.' it having the slightest rt.'erenee to any form of 'spooMsm' vill be gi'eatly mistaken. I have now only to describe what is really no apartment v.i .ill, save in the metaphorical sense — iu short, of the 'chamber of my heart,' to use the words of one of Sir John Suckling's most famous love songs. The fact is I am going to be married. Efidining iu my lovely bed to-night, I can hardly realise the momentuous fact. Thirty-five ycara have passed since, at no option of my. own, I m:ule my urst appearance on that stage, on which friend Shakespeare say3 : ' Each man in his time plays many parts.' Now, during the course of an exceptionally chequered career, I have played many parts — most of them small ones, and feel bound to say that I think there are some considerable arrears 01 salary uue to mo. Unliko one of the most famous of Immortal Will's heroes, I hail the walking of the ' ghost,' and would that' tho beneficent spook, as known to tho theatrical folk/would more often come my way. ? 'But that's ? .' No, I am not going to quote that, wretchedly weak and worn-out phrase of Kipling's. The ipissimea verba of Shakespeare if you like.; but I will -be no party to .the per petuation of a common-place saying of jy secondary author, as though, it were an immortal gift to the English tongue. What I wanted to tell .you— -when I was enticed away by the demon of parenthesis which is always lying in wait for the unwary writer — what I was going to tell you was that, although in my very varied life I have had many queer experiences, I. have never been marriea yet. in mat respect many then who have' never even seen a ballet or kissed more than one girl — the girl, of course — are ahead, some very* far ahead, of me. But I shall soon.be level with some of them now. Ah ! the thought makes me pause. She is very much youngsr than. I am : is, in truth, not much more than half my age. But she says that ' age makes no difference in love ' when I represent to her the' incongruity of joining her young life to that of a bald-headed, bearded, battered worldling like mo. It is sweet to hear a young girl say, that sentence and to know that she means it. I think I know she means it. . When she was a little girl I used to visit, at her father's house ; and I took a fancy to the fair-haired little lassie at first sight. But. she could not bear the sight of me, because I used to tease her shamefully. She now says it was not so, and that she is sure she must always have ' liked me at the bottom of her heart.' But I know better. What puzzles me is , how she has gradually come round, and is so fond of :.. me ,ncw. I am equally at a loss to remember how I found out the fateful fact. All I know' is that her mother tells me in' confidence that my girl will never marry anyone, else, and that her heart-will break if I do not marry her. Is it -beside the mark .here to, question if out of novels, hearts ever- are broken by unrequited love ? Other troubles of life— disappointed ambition, the weary struggle against adversity in its many crushing forms, the loss of loved ones— these sometimes have power to wear out all capacityvfor, affection or. siidden ly to destroy the source' of all happiness in a '? human life. But I am rather sceptical that in real life people are irrevocably stricken into lasting unhap piness simply by disappointed love. This brings me round to the proper subject % matter ,: .01 this ,' lucubration, written on the' eve of my marriage. To-night I told my bride-to-be that I would give.her the ' key 'of my heart,' and, looking, lip into my face with tears iu her bright eyes, but no quiver in her ' dear young voice, she replied that she was only too glad to have it,, and' become. . the oc cupant, of my Haunted Chamber. Perhaps her, bright presence. ' wiil dispel the. gloom in the . dusty apartment that Has been locKea-up tenantless now for so long— perhaps ! Before finally handing it over ;to its' future .mistress,' I will indulge my melancholy humour and spend this last nigh^ of bachelorhood' in that twilight hall of memory where the dust lies thick in the silent gloom: 'Once— and oh, how long it seems ? — it was a place of gaiety and joy, with the sunshine of youth^flooding its every corner; and tho song of hope ringing to the roof. I can see myself— at the age. when 'all the world is. fair, boysl and every lass a craeen,' bringing in with r-aro care the life picture' of a lonely, laughing little witch, with 9unny hair, and the most mischievoTvs large dark eyes in the world, a nose certainly not Eoman in shape, and a pair of red' lips 'whose pout was irresistible:' I hiing the picture xm and kissed.it with fervour., I now lift this veil. Can this be the same por trait, this dim faded presentment on. the wall here dim? Yes, there is still,;evcn in this dim light visible a trace of the brightness that danced, and quivered m those eyes in the day3 that arc gone ! Not many, many years ago, in Mel bourne, I held her wasted form fast in my arms, while she laid her thin pale face on my breast and sobbed out that the rich husband, her parents ' had made her marry, when she was but little more than a child, treated her and her children cruelly, that her heart was breaking, and that she, had always loved me. No sin in kissing her pale lips then! , ?'...- V/hen I was in the first flush, ot man hood, 1 again unclosed the door of what I now call my haunted chamber. When I had lost my first girl-love, I had covered her picture over and locked the apartment xip. It was opened to. a new tenant now. A lovely, form, this of. matured beauty. But, alas ! the real person belonged to another. All that was mine was her image and prot trait which I reverently placed over no-pinst the veiled picture that came hire first. Before the' new presiding deity I knelt .and whispe'red my adora tion in nusLieu, .buiuiuu.. .oiici«-c. ? xiuvi there the ' beautiful 'portraits reigned serene and still for mnny a year. I did it homage daily, and the real poi son never knew of it or if she guessed, gave no sign. ?' At last this picture began to fade by very slow degrees. Then I veiled it reverently and once more the Chamber wa3 closed. ,.,,.-, . - . There is no veil on this third portrait nere A sweet pale face with calm madonna-like eyes, a tall slight figure B-nf1 delicate white hands— Ah! -oo, top delicate !— crossed on her breast, bhe wa3 too sweetly good for this ronsh world, and it was thus I saw her last ; thus but lying with her eyes for ever closed envious death robbed wo o- her, ind her 'rave is in Finchioy Ceaictery m far off London. I visited it -not a year 5S, I left BopcrisbaUo flo«or on the ^n mound, only a Uw.- *o occorjo j£rt vnth the earth tnat i.iiu.iula her dear torzn ! . . . Fast locked was the elianjl-oy :ute.v thaTSst blow. I could ,-* *»%***' itforyews-*ot until uxt« ^u .i,it . ^_ '?-^ ' -' ? - ^o tho grave atFinchley. It was but a brief visit, and then, looking back on tho dreariness of many un loved ? ; years, I asked myself the question which so. often rises to the lips of all of U3 hi our time of trouble, r.v.d after many wearying di;appoint ;:jents, the uijuvoidablo question— .'Is life worth living ':' ? ? I veil tho third portrait also, and leave the chamber; for it is as if the stillness and chillness of death reigned there. I lock tho door, and take out the rusty key. - It seems to turn more easily in the lock now. And what will the new mistress do with my haunted chamber? I will bring a loving, living presence into it to-morrow— not a mere picture this time. And perhaps she will have tho three portraits unveiled, arid, will ir/ist upoa brightening them up, and entering into my past feelings about them. And she will also insist upon occupying the chamber as her very special own. And I shall enjoy no 'more the _mc*a 1 choly luxury of a Haunted- Chamber. 