. ON THE WAIKATO; (coryniaiiT.) v I . BY ATJIA WESTBURY. . CHAPTER I. . ' It was quite unnecessary for the worthy Dr. Cranium of bump-readirig notoriety, to elevate his shaggy ej;e; brows after he had run 'nis fingers over certain portions of my head, to inform me that J had the proclivities ;o{ the vagabond strongly developed. The information was not needed, inasmuch as I knpw I was, and had been from, my cradle, a careless, rambling Bohe mian, with a light purse and a lighter heart, and with a thorough hatred of anything in the shape of work. Sitting here, in the cozy parlor of the ' Black Swan ''.'Hotel, on the Cres cent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Frank Leigh,. feel that I am indeed a. rover, as untiring and as restless as the wan dering Jew. . ?I have,--done the grand tour of the known world and have pulled up here at the antipodes for a spell. ? Gn the opposite side to that on which I '.am seated there is a large , mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow'of eight-and-twenty, face oval and darkly . tanned ; eyes brown, keen, and honest in expression ; brow bold and open, ? with just two furrowed, lines upon its smooth surface ; hair dark and inclined ? to curl, with a fair-sized beatd. Such', im I, as I look aE myself in the'mirror on this November night, 18 — . In the fire which blazes and crackles . In the grate before me I can see again many faces that have come and gone during my wanderings. Now it is a black countenance, anon a white one, which instantly changes again to a color neither black nor white, that looks at me from the ' coals ; while .domes, .steeples, pagodas, temples, mountains and landscapes come.and go between. . _J_'If ye plaze, what time are we. to start in the morning, eh ?' . ? The individual who presented him self and interrupted my reverie, with the above. interrogative was notaliand some fellow by any means. Picture to yourself- a low-sized youth about six teen, with a skin the color of mahogany and a head that would have graced a giant, if the appendage of a thick mop of unkempt wool upon it could be ac counted a recommendation. This gen tleman, who assumed to the refined nom-de-plume of Floxy, was none other .than a-. -reprobate half-caste Maori iad, ? who had ? learned to ape the vicesN of . the Pakeha 'without attempting their' virtues. - ' Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tuki, had a devil-may-care boy ' from the Eme rald Isle for his Padre, his mother , be ing a Maori, woman. ? . How- poor Floxy come into the ?; world no one could say ; but' one thing is certain, viz., that' Barney M'Blatheri : gan (the aforesaid Padre) . brought the wee coffee .colored; bundle of humanity ? home to his hut on- the Waika'to ; and here, amid choice language arid whisky ? tippling, the half-blood was nursed un til he was able to run about and scratch for himself. ? - Floxy learned two things while be neath-the' paternal roof— -to drink like a fish and to speak in the richest of brogues. Of course1, there was a certain dignity ,. about the lad, but when he did unbend ?and- condescend- to open.up a conver sation,' 'it appeared the strangest- of all ?s stiange things to listen to the dusky -rascal chattering- in true Irish 'patois' and' with a tongue that a Dublin 'jack een niight.bave envied. ' : ' For a corisideration, Floxy — who, by the ivay, ? was . well ; acquainted with ? every 'M»ori settlement in ihe Waika'to \- country—had .agreefi. to' 'become ; my guide and servant oiTa tour I had de cided' to make among some of the more important tribes of the Maori race. The '- consideration ' consisted of five ?pounds, one suit 'of blue serge and a double-barrelled guii.- For these artl-'i cles Floxy had bound himself to serve me for/twelve months, with the under standing that I allo'wed'a pint of whisky and some ' tobaccy' every week, when' procurable, during the term. The half-caste had one quality which \- shone conspicuously above his .other . attributes, -and that was impudence. No doubt the boy inherited that from his. father; and I am of opinion that if Floxy bad imbibed nofcbiiig worse from thesajne quarter it had been well for him. ? . Turning' to look at the rogue, as he stood in the- open doorway with .a grin on his dark face, I could not help wish ing that his.wardrobe had been in keep ing with his efirontry. A female's hat, without the ghost of a show of ribbon, -in. shape a;mushr6om, graced his head; while a well-ventilated coat and. trou sers, which originally had' been made for some person of three times the guide's build, clung to. him for- bare . life. . : : ' Did ye hear what I atced yez?' 'Of course.' ? ' Well, it's waitin' I am.'' Waiting for what ?' ' To be tould whin we are to.shtart,' cried Floxy, taking off his hat and rub bing His flax. \- 'Bother you!' I've told' you twenty times already. Now, be off and shut ; the door.' The lialf-caste obeyed, but the next moment his uncouth profile appeared ?: again:at the open' doorway. ' Shure there's an ould frind down shtairs that . hasn't set an eye on me ? ? these'three years before to-day. Per haps it wouldn't be convaynient for ye , to advance one of thim pints of whisky which ye promised, sur ?' . ' No, it is not convenient, Floxy.' ' Thin the divil a toe will I. budge wid ye, mark, that,' replied the monkey, boldly. . I felt inclined to hurl the 'decanter at him, but thought better of it and ?gave him the contents instead I was not certain I had done a wise thing in in dulging' the debasing propensity of my quandam friend on the eve of our de parture. In. the morning, however, the young imp was stirring betimes. Before the sun began to gild the peak of the Great Barrier seaward, the horses were sad dled ;- and, having settled my bill, I bade adieu to the buxom hostess of the 'Swan.' The New Zealanders style them selves Maoris and consider all other races as far beneath them. Whether the word Maori may be derived from the root uri (dark) or considered syn onymous with moor (negro), I leave others to determine. With the natives Maori simply signifies indigenous or peculiar to New Zealand. The origin of the Maoris is shrouded in profound obscurity. Mysterious legends and traditions- seem to convey vague historical reminiscenses. Their history of the creation of New Zealand is given in the form of a legend by one Te Papa, a fisherman, corresponding well with the notions _of the people whose abode is surrounded by the sea and whose chief occupation was fishing. The natives call the northern island 'Te Ika' Mani,' the fish of Mani. Mani, according .to their traditions, is a hero — the very: Hercules of their my thology, who achieved many. wonderful exploits, He. was' their first instructor in boat and whare building and the in ventor of the ait of twisting flax into cords and snares ; he killed the sea monster Tuarua ; he is. lord of fire and water and likewise of air and sky. ' . ? %- . To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean ; hehce its name, the fish of Mani. The.hook on this occasion was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. - The fish was hardly.above the water before the bro thers of Mani fell upon it to cut it up' ? ? Thence originated;- the mountains and valleys and all the irregularities on;, the surface of the country. , ' ! ji'.t ?Strange to say, the outlines of- the north island actually resemble the form of a fish and the Maoris even designate the localities -corresponding- with th'e respective parts, of the fish. The sou thern. poriion is the head,' the north western. the tail, . Cape ' Jigmoht; the back .fin, -East Caps' the lower Vfin. Wanganui, they say, is the salt water eye -of' the. fish ; Wariaropa the sweet water eye. Ringo'ronga is the upper gill, Te Rimurapa'the Tower; gill.- --'? The, active volcano,, Tongararo; with Tape .Jarpo at rts base, forms the' stomach' and belly of the fish. ' ' ; ;' ' ' This was certainly an interesting Pr9°f. °f. the correct' knowledge the Maoris had arrived at regarding the .island, long before- its outlines werere ~ presented on a map. ' ?'?-';? - '- Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onehunga and Otathahu, I struck out' 1 on the Great Southern Road,- now the great highway of. the interior, then ex tending little further than :Drury, ,a small township about -thirty miles from the city. .. Of course ..there was an extensive trade carried on the- broad bosom of the noble Waikato River, which is ? navigable for. 'several- hundred miles; but the settlements of' the Pakeha did not extend beyond the.Papakuri Range. The King Chief, William, had fixed the limit of the white man's land to this, spot and had issued the mandate, 'so far shalt - thou go.^aiid no farther.' Beyond'the range there was no vestige of road. Instead of the cozy. farms; the fenced meadows, with cattle graz ing therein . and the cultivated squares of green arid brown that had met our gaze on the other side, 'there was no thing-now around us but a wild and vast panorama of hill,;and vale and mountain, thickly strewn .with trackless' forests of gigantic ; kauri pinesi which dnade the light'above almost darkness to us beneath their towering- heads. \- In other parts of the world I 'had; made most of~my jourrieyings by. rail or steamboatj but I soon discovered that a trip up- the Waikato meant toil ana hardship of no light -order. Paths: practicable' for horsemen wore not many on the-- other side of. Papakuri, Indeed, tlie difficulties arising- from the nature of .the /country to be travelled had .been mentioned by. the guide, 'ujho told me plainly that the. horses would be a hindrance rather than' a help. This I discovered to be correct before we had gone., a score of miles .from Drury. ?/- The narrow paths of the Maori led over hills and mountains in steep as cent and descent, rarely in the valleys — nearly always along the ridges, honeycombed with holes and' loose boulders. ' . : ' . Acting on the advice of Floxy, who proved a very excellent guide, I barter ed the nags for a stout canoe from some natives at Kiki and took , to the river as the better mode of travel. ' I had decided to pay my first visit to His Maori Majesty Hoki, at Man gartouorta, the capital of the various Waikato tribes.' From Kiki the dis tance' was only, forty-one miles, so we pushed on that day and part of ? the night in hopes of reaching the Maori metropolis the next morning. CHAPTER II. Toki, King of all the Maoris, se lected Te Raupa as the metropolis and the future capital of the ' northern island. The royal residence, a spaci-: ous hut built- in the most approved style' of native architecture and sur mounted by tall flagpole, was situated upon the highest point beside a. broad arm of the noble river, one hundred miles west of the city of Auckland. The Maori city lay further down, in a green valley, aftd consisted of about two score large whares. in straggling lines, with smaller ones between, and covering a space of about forty acres. The pennant of His Majesty had a centre piece of white, surrounded by a broad orimson border; on the white there was a blue cross, beside the in scription, 'Nuitireue' and three dia mond-shaped figures. -In from uf the palace a warrior, aimed t-t(i-a-[-ic. stalked, to and (ro, after the manner of the Guard sentinels at Wi-idw.. A more lovely spot coukl not have been selected in the whole -of Now Zealand than this. s, line hapu, or dwell ing-place of tlie M.ij-jsly of Maoriland. On a wide, verdant slope, overlooking the stream, stood the city, while here, in the intervening 'space, a kind of natural Coliseum, runted- in with tall kauri pines, served llie tribes lor a gi gantic council lull al fivsco. The rear of the settlement was pro tected by the high Ma 11 ilk u Hills, while a fine stream of clear fiesh water, called the Meri Mcri Creek, meandered with many a curve and serpentine twist through the heart of.the valley, irrigat ing the cultivated patches of potatoes and sweet yams in its vicinity and whose banks were ranged by long lines of peach trees, planted at the sugges tion of the King's Prime Minister, of whom more anon. It was a numerous but somewhat motley guard of honor that escorted Floxy and myself from the landing place to the door of. the King's man sion. Without any further ceremony than ?a kind of grunt, I was ushered into a ; long, narrow apartment, in which were ? assembled more than thirty persons (including several ladies). In the royal Maori I found a squab fellow, about sixty years of 'ge and robed in a blue coat with red facings and shining brass buttons. His lower extremities were cased in a long pair of seaman's boots and he had a beard and moustache, which imparted to his fea tures a Moorish look. ' - ?Squatted round hij majesty in a cir cle were four. Maoris, whose faces riv etted my attention. .-The foremost of. these was ? a noble-looking savage of Herculian proportioris; in the^prime of i his. manhood. '?-U.iilikermost- of his race; this Maori had nuclear olive' skinj straight; prominent 'nose^ .'with . eyes as . keen .as - those ,-of ? a hawk ; the lower portion of his face was horribly lattoed, which completely - disfigured his other .wise-bold'and-handsbiiie featurds. His hair-W^s ornamented by* a single moho feather iirid heiwore^a ioga.'or cloak, of white muka flax, unsullied - by any tag 'or emblem. . whatever. Tins was Te' , ?u'cii the bravest 'and? wisest' of his rape, who : - perished - ^vi t h .'? seven - hun ;dr'ed dr. his5 warriors six months iater, ? while 'defending -Paterua against ; the ?volunteers.' ' Seated next to Te PUki was. an indi vidual totally- different, both : in person and costume. This was a boyish chief, thick-set as a . prize-lighter and' with, a ;'rourid, bullet head,- not. unlike a pro fessional bruiser.; He seemed' at least : twenty or-thirty years the-jutiiofof his neighbors. His eyes, which by sonie freak of -nature were-phiced. very wide apart, never reste'd ' on one object' a moment together, but roved round arid about with - a -sly, suspicious glance, which displayed the double, treacher ous disposition of the owner.; To at tempt to- fix his look washout of the question, but the moment -you turned' your glance from him you instinctively ?fill- that he was examining you, The forehead of 'this youth was. -low and overhung to the brotvs with'thick, mat ted hair, but in spite of the thick cov ering thereon one cpuld clearly discern three- distinct qualities .standing pro minently forth in .Te Kooti, namely, cruelty, firmness and the sub'letv of the devil.-; ? On the other-, side of Te Kooti sat the one-armed chief, Te Muna.. .Hot headed, ignorant and stubborn, he held .the Gate I'ah with only two hun dred half-armed warriors. : against a whole,: Imperial legiuiiiut- for six days, 'wheri he eventually -perished, together with his uufortunate companions. Ihe. fourth- Maori of. the- group .presented a diflerent aspect to' the' others; A well-made savage, with a ?tattoo mark upon him standing boldly up ; . with lolded 'arms, the dark, Moor ish-looking head fixed fiimiy upon.] broad and ample shoulders arid the swarthy, open face, manly and straight forward in its every expression. Rewi, The Eagle, will never b,e forgotten by our generations of New Britishers, either Maori or Pakeha. . ' -Able alike both in the, council and in the fiejd, this great rebel leader has been. a thorn in the side of tlie anti Maori party sirice'he was sixteen years old. - : ' ?; Electro-biologists; certify that the whole human lamily have a certain amount of affinity or repulsion towards each other, as -the case 'may be. -In my case, I confess I felt drawn with friendly feelings . towards this young chief, feelings which,' in the course of events, I- . found were mutual. -I-Ie could speak / English' ; fluently and withput the lea'sf. ' reserve proffered to' give me all the information in his power- about his peoj)le. ' After saluting us, the King enquired if we had ^brought him any toDacco and, 'receiving a reply in the negative, ? became, sulky and ? handed us over to .the Prime Minister without further ceremony. '. .- -Marupi,.' otherwise/ Ben;' Cable, 'the First Minister of State at, the Court. 01' . Hoki, was a runaway , sailor froin one of the war ships-previously stationed on the coast, who had made his- way into' the Waikato country, married a Maori wbman arid settled down 011, the land. which he received with her and so became , a*; naturalised Maori -arid a Kingite. The Premier had a jolly-looking face, tanried to thecolorpf mahogany ; iron grey whiskers, which met under the -chin like a coil of tope. A gobdhu niored face ion the whole, crownin'g'.'a ?muscular, thick-set frame, wrapped in jacket and trousers of tnica flax. 'He was seated on'a rum-cask, with a news paper, which he had been reading to his royal master. Ben' 'Cable greeted my companion warmly, yet with a certain sly and pre-, tended gravity only assumed for the nonce. To me he. bowed stiffly, but invited lis to his house by the river bank. — To be Continued, W 1 