CHILDREN'S ODD REPLIES,5 ' YotJNfiSTEns appear to mix up their history a good deal, and occasionally teake odd blunders about physical geography. A young hopeful said tlmt the sarfaco of tiie earth consists of land and Water. ".What then." asked the toucher, "do land and water innko?" " Mud," wai the instant rejoinder. A volifano lies been doaoribed as "ftlnrge mountain with a hole at the top and a fireplace at the bottom ; and a " bar . is n piece of iron across a river mouth. It prevents navigation aiid hns to be cut through with a strum edge." It was n hoy who mado ths tost remark, bub girls con bo just as funny as boys. The members of a girls' obtss were atkea a few questions. Ono was questioned aa to what wus meant by " henring falRo witness against your neiglioiir ?" " It was," , aid she, "when nobody did nothing anil some body went slid told of it." Another was nsked how boo/ tea was made, aud she replied, " Buy a tin of boei extract aiid follow tho directions on the lid." " What ore narmth-prodiicing foods t" a third girl waB askad. Tlio reply was "Cayenne pepper nnd Jnmnica ginger.'' An old gciitleman asked his nephew on hiB twelfth birthdny how he litcod going to school. " I like going welt enough," was tlio boy's doubtless pcr'oclly truthful ' reply, " hut I don't at AlUike staying when I get there." " Wlmt would have happened if Henry IV. of Franco lmd not boon murdered!" srkod n teacher of a shnrp-looking boy. The preinptreply was, " Ho would probably have died a nutural death." In a Sunday school, " What did tho Israelites do when they curao out of the Rod ilea !" drew forth tho answer, "Thoy driod themselves." "Where was Bishop Latimer ' burned to death!" was immediately answered, "In the firo." A boy was asked the difference between a foit and a fortress. He nicely defined them : "A fort is a plnco to put men in, and a fortress a place to pbt women in." On being asked wlmt. tiie chief end ol man Was, \- another boy, without any hoiltntion, said, " Tho and what's got his head on." Tho following are twelvo gems culled from rccciib'cxniiiination papors: — Emu was a man wiio wrote fnhtes, and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of pntaBh. Titus was a Roman ''snaporor, enppoBiid to . liavo written the " Epistle of the Hebrews." His other name , was Oatso. Oliver Cromwell was a man who was pub ' intoqirimm for his interference in Ireland. Whan ha was in prieon he wrote "The 'Pilgrim's Progress," and married a lady, -culled Mrs. O'nheR. Woluty was a famous general who fought' in tho Crimean war, and who, after being docapi bated several I iinos, said to Cromwell, " Ati, if I had only served yon as you have served mo, I would not have been deserted in my old ago." „ Wesley was tbo founder of the Wealayan. '.chapel, who woe afterwards called Lord : Woilingtuu. A uionument was erected to . 'him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken ' ' down lately. , Hnmlot was weak-minded,. Fond of study. But was ton weak to fulfil bis duty, which the ghost had told htm. Ha tivas very good to Ills mother. He pro- Y faaes madness, he really only puts it an, ' but somo people any he was mad. Ono day when he was fighting, tho king asked him if lie would have nouiething to drink, end be bad pot;ioison in it nnd liamleb uald be would wait the queen, took it and then she ' . alls down dead. Hamlet immediately stubs atsfathcr and drinks tho poison and dies. A young girl, asked what should be done in tiie event of her dress catching Ur, replied, " furrow y£ur friend's cloak," 