MR JOHN VALE'S CRUSADE. THE TEMPERANCE WAY OUT OF THE: DEPRESSION. Mr John Vale continued his crusade at the Temperance Hall last evening, when he gave an address on the subject "The temperance way out of the depression." Alderman D. itorrer occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. The meeting was opened with praise and prayer by the Rev. Gregson, after which a selection was given by the choir, Miss Stephenson presiding at the organ. Mr Vale, who was well received, said some of the people had smiled sarcastically when they read thu title of his lecture, as if they thought it was a " large order," but if they would only follow the method laid down by total abstainers there would he little need for sarcasm. There was, how ever, no one plan which would meet the whole diflieulty of the depres sion. A number of reforms had to be accomplished. He wished it to be understood that he did not assert that drunkenness was the vice of the poor alone. Different terms were used in accor dance with the station of the men and, women who drank-the woman in the slums was "drunk again," but the friends of the lady who lay on the couch sleeping off the effects of drink said over their afternoon tea, " she is a dipsomaniac." The lecturer then referred to the condition of the colonies at the present time, and said they used to be called the paradise of workers, but to-day they were to many a " para dise lost." There was, however, to his mind no occasion to lose hope. The condition of the people was not so good as it should be, but it was going io. be better, and one way to make it better was to develop self-reliance; and above all he said, " Brother, refom. thyself." It was said that the temperance organisations interfered with the liberty of the subject by requiring a stipulation that men should sign an agreement to the effect that neatly the whole of their wages, in cases of dis tress, should be paid to their wives. But could they say a man enjoyed liberty when he was so bound to the fetters of drink that he was not to be trusted with his money ? His impression was that under the circumstances teetotallers sought to extend liberty. (Applause.) What would be thought by hungry children if a grim tyrant came and took their food away from them as they sat down to enjoy it? It was in many eases the father of the children who played the part of the tyrant, and poured down his thirsty throat the liquor which robbed his children of their rood. If men spoke of their money more after they had earned it, and vowed they would be careful of it and not spend it in drink, there would be less drunkenness and more legitimate trade. Strikes caused dreadful suffering, but there was one strike he could name which was rather different to others. It was noticed soon after this strike commenced that the strikers were better clothed and their children happier; it was, in fact, a good time all round. The strike took place in a mining district in Victoria, a ad was against the price of beer, which the publicans had raised. He wished that a strike of that kind would extend all through the colonies -a strike for God and humanity-and a good and better time would come. But the question had a wider bearing. A man might not drink at all,but he was influenced by the traffic. Whether drinking or not, every useful trader, every honest man and woman was injured by arink. That was. looking at it from a political economist's point of view. There were some Australian politicians who had so murdered the science of political economy that they were afraid of its ghost. In the production of wealth there were three agents-land, labour, and capital- the people depended upon the producer. Those who did nothing. and those who did something worse than nothing depended upon the producer, and they did not deserve to be supported. The publicans who sold and those who made liquor did that which was worse than nothing, and really it would pay well if they were all placed in almshouses and. maintained for the rest of their lives on condition that their places would not be filled by others. (Laughter.) Referring to state-aided children in Victoria the lec turer said he had been informed by the head of the industrial schools in Mel- v bourne that nine-tenths of the cases of t such necessity were caused by intemperance. t the publicans and temperance reformers v in Victoria had often had stand-up fights, I and it was argued by the former that e public-houses were good for trade, because the money spent there was circulated I amongst other traders. But that was from d the publicans' point of view. The tem- f perance people said money lost by the I liquor trade was not lost, but gained by other trades. (Hear, hear.) If all the money spent in drink were spent in other trades what a booming time there would I be. One point was this: money spent in c drink afforded very little employment for labour as compared with money spent in other ways. The lecturer gave several illustrations in support of his statement, and passing on to another aspect of the question said a problem of political econo- t mists in Victoria was how to close all her ports against England and to send every thing they could to England. Very great men had been developed in the discussion of that question. (Laughter.) The idea was getting abroad that they must open up new markets for their exports in the old co-ntry and other places, which would, of course, be good for the consumer. But while it might be good to open up markets abroad, was it not equally good to open up markets at home ? There were markets in the mouths of hungry children and on their ragged backs. These markets were undeveloped in consequence to a large extent of the drink traffic. There was no fear of over-production, the way out of that being by an equal distribu tron, instead of congestion in one direction and starvation in another. The lecturer concluded with an earnest exhortation to all to aid in the stoppage of the drink traffic, and resumed his seat amidst ap plause. Miss Stephenson and Mr Jenkins sang a sacred duet, and were heartily applauded for the contribution. The meeting closed with praise and prayer shortly before 10 o'clock. This evening Mr Vale will lecture on the subject " Schemes from Scandinavia, or the Gothenburg system." To-morrow afternoon he will hold a meeting especially *for women, though men may attend, when he will deal with woman suffrage; and to. morrow night he will give a lecture on "Woman suffrage," the alteration in his previously arranged programme having been made by request. 