NEWS OF THE WEEK. We are pleased to tee that the compromise on the question of payment of members proposed by the repre sentative for Footsoray-Mr. Hancock, H.L.A.-bas been adopted by the House in Committee. It iB only those who would be glad to see the democratic idea of payment of members I abolished who talk of £240 being too large an honorarium. We believe the public at large will endorse the de cision of the HouBe. On Tuesday evening, Mr. and Mrs. G. J. Durham, celebrated the 40th anniversary of their wedding, by giving | a party at their residence, Bridport" street, Albert Park. Mr. Durham was married on the 8th of January, 1855, at the Scots' Church, Collins street,by the Eey. Irving Hetherington. He was appointed irate collector fop the South Melbourne (then Emerald Hill) Council on the 5th January, 1874, which position he has held ever since. At the council meeting on Wednes day evening, Cr. Tope asked that the council might take into consideration the question of the revenue of the re moval of the enclosure in Beaconsfield parade at the left-hand side of the avenue. Or. Stead brought under the notice of the mayor that this subject [bad been before the council previously, and it was decided not to remove the enclosure spoken of. The matter then dropped. Becently, in accordance with a reso lution passed by the council, a letter | was forwarded by the towa clerk to the Police Department asking tb^t better police protection Bhould be provided on Beaconsfield-parade. At the meeting of the council, on Wednesday, a letter was received from Mr.. Chomley, chief commissioner of police, stating that the matter had already been receiving attention from the local police and that no needful effort would be spared to protect respectable frequenters of the parade from annoyance. The town clerk has been served with a County Court summons at the in stance of Mr. T. Mapp, who received injuries while attending the pumps at the Hanna- street pumping station. At the council meeting on Wednesday evening, the recommendation of the Legislative Committee, that the suit be defended was adopted. Cr. Heather directed the South Melbourne Council's attention, and more 'particularly that of the repre sentatives on the Park Trust, to the state o£ the path round the weBt side of the lake, The path could very easily be repaired with a load or two of cinders. After a very pleasant holiday trip to Launceston and Hobart, Sergeant Monckton is again with us. The sergeant looks greatly refreshed by his spell from the worries of his police duties. Having had good weather and good health he states that he has thoroughly enjoyed himself, Daring his absence the various duties have been carried out excellently by Senior Gonstable Molloy. At the meeting of the Sewerage Committee of the Metropolitan Board of Works, held on Wednesday, the following South Melbourne firms were successful in obtaining contracts: Messrs, Monteath and Son, supply of 140 cast-iron manhole covers and 85 cast-iron ventilator covers. £317 ; sup- ply at sewerage farm of cast-iron semi- circular pipes, &c;_, for sub-carriers. £6,754 12s.; supply of cast-iron drain- pipe fittings for house connections, £5,313 8s. 10d. Langlands' Foundry Company, supply of cast-iron pipes. ISin. diameter, 512 tons, £3,542. Minnhan and Sons, excavation and re filling trenches, South and Port Mel bourne, £609 16s. 6d. The town clerk (VIr. P. G. Miles) reported to the adjourned meeting of the Council, on Wednesday, that a de lay had taken place in the audit of the books owing to the objection taken by the auditors to the transfer of certaio moneys unexpended on streets set down on the loan schedule to the city fund, and also to certain vouchers which had been signed by the foreman of works and which the auditors contended should have been signed by the city surveyor, Mr. P. J. Nolan. We have reieired from Messrs. Tope and Co., Clarendon-street, the local agents for the Royal Insurance Company, a copy of the company's con bined almanac and blotting pad and also a separate callender for 1895. The blotting pad forms a useful article for office or home use. The annual meeting of the South Melbourne City Council, which was adjourned till last Wednesday, was still further adjourned till the 23rd inst., owing to the' auditors not having finished their audit of the books. We are requested to notify that the classes in connection with the South Melbourne School of Art will com mence the first quarter for the year on Friday evening, January 18th in the lecture hall of the Mechanics' Insti tute. The teachers are Messrs. H. B. Blanche, Gordon Coutts and W, Farquhar, who are well known in their respective branches of art. The fee of 3s. brings this valuable education within the reach of all, and it is hoped that a large number will avail them selves of the privilege. Early on Sunday morning a fire occurred at Messrs. Bartletfc and Co.'a ! clothing factory, Grant-street, South Melbourne. The brigade was quickly in attendance and extinguished the fire, which was caused by hot ashes, Tha only damage was a few feet of the first floor burned and the contents of the room slightly damaged by smoke. An inquest was held by Dr. Youl at the Morgue on Saturday last on the body of Walter Edward Morse, aged 43, who on Thursday was found on the beach near the Middle-park baths divested ofhis clothing, and in a dying condition, and who expired before medical assistance could be obtained. Mr. J. Morse, residing at Ascot Vale, identified the body as that of his son, who, he said, had been subject to fits. The post mortem anamination proved that death had resulted from drowning. Tbpre was no evidence whether it was caused .accidentally or otherwise. The jury returned an open vpjrdict. At the South Melbourne court on Tuesday an aged woman, walking with the aid of crutches, was brought up charged with having no lawful means of support. It was stated in evidence that a Salvation Army lady had found the woman wandering about, and find ing that she bad no home or friends,1 the lady endeavoured to get her, with j the assistance of a letter from the mayor of South Melbourne, into one of the homes for aged, people. She was unsuccessful and finally brought her to the watchhouse. The magis trate in dealing with her said it was a very hard case to have to eend the old woman to goal as a criminal but there was apparently no help for it and sentenced her to 12 weeks' im prisonment so that she might be taken care of. On Sunday evening, two very small boys were brought to the local watch house as lost children. They were able to give their names but not their parents addresses. After providing the little strays with a comfortable shake down made up of blankets, and i tucking them in, the watchhouse keeper, Constable Maloney, telephoned to the various police stations with ihe result that the parents in about two hours came for them from Port Mel bourne. During this time the little ones had, on being assured that they would be called when their parents arrived, fallen into a sound sleep. The visitors ' to the Beaconsfield parade have been thoroughly catered for in the way of musical performances during the week, On Monday even ing the St. Joseph's brass band, from Launceston, occupied the rotunda at the entrance to the Kerferd-road jetty and on Tuesday and Thursday even ings, the Tramway Band occupied their own rotunda at the tram terminus, Both bands rendered excellent selec tions, which have been highly appreci ated. The baud performances whilst being a great attraction to visitors to the parade have also benefitted the nhopkeepers in the locality. On Monday Detective Cawsey, ar rested a man, known to the police as Count de Yolasco but who has a num ber of aliases, on a charge of obtaining goods by means of false pretences. The detective was in Mr, Myer's pawn office, Clarendon-street, on business when the accused came in to raise a loan. He was immediately recognised by Detective Cawsey and arrested, and taken to the city watchhouse. A quantity of goods were found in the room which the accused occupied at one of the hotels at South Melbourne. When brought before the city court on Tuesday a remand was asked for by the police till the 16th inst" which was granted. It appeared that prisoner had imposed upon a number of city firms by obtaining goods and paying for them with valueless cheques. An advertisement appears in another column stating that the Ratepayers and General lists for the Canterbury and Queen's Divisions of the Electoral District of Albert-park, are now printed and copies may be inspected at the offices of the registrar, Mr, Wm. Bird Jacobs, 181 Clarendon-street, or 36 Yictoria-avenue, Albert-park, and at every PoBt-office within the divisions. For the last few evenings consider able excitement has prevailed in Bank street west, o itbroad that a house in the locality was haunted. Between two and three hundred persons have nightly visited the locality in the hope of seeing a ghost. The police have visited the place and found that the alleged ghost was simply the shadow cast from the elms in front of the house by the elec tric light on the tower of' Mr. Edwin Harcourt's drapery establishmdnt, The Railway Commissioners have decided to open the wicket gates lead* ing from the platform to Flinders street, between the hours of 8 and 10 a.m. and 4 and 6.30 p.m., but no tickets will be sold at that part of the station. The annual meeting of the Me chanics' Institute will be held on Thursday evening next in' the lecture hall. The annual report and balance, sheet will be submitted, and the election of officers-bearers held, for which the following nominations have been re ceived :-President, T. Palmer, Esq., M.A., LL.B.; vice-president, Wm. Daisli, Esq., M.D.; hon. treasurer, S. Row, Esq.,; committee (6 to be elected), Messrs. J. Fisher, P. Kirk, E. Harcourt, Wm. Marshall, J. Miller, W. GK McMeikan and J. Winter, M.L.A.; auditors, Messrs. H. Conley and J. A. Robertson. The ballot for 6 members of the committee will be held in the Library from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m., and no member will be permitted to vote whose subscription is not paid up to date. We are pleased to learn that Cr. Dr. Hall Owen, who has been compelled by illness to get a month's leave of absence from the Council, is in a fair way of recovery. The South Melbourne Council, by advertisement in our columns, call for tenders for the supply of 750 yards of 3-inch metal and 250 yards of 2l-incli metal. Specifications may be seen at the town-hall, Bank-street. Cr. J. S. White, M L.A, attended at the council chamber before nine o'clock on Wednesday evening, and was surprised to §nd t[)e whole of the business completed. The marriage of Mr. Charles Shaw, of Albany, with Miss Evelyn Wilson, daughter of Mr. Wilson, of the Phoenix Distillery, Port Melbourne, took place in the Presbyterian Church, Dorcas street, South Melbourne, on Wednea day afternoon. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. J. Meiklejohn, M.A. After the ceremony the party drove to the Temperance-hall, Port Melbourne, where an excellent supper was laid out by our well-known caterer, Mr. H. C. Cumberland, whose name is always connected with high class catering. On Thursday morning two line repairers named John P. Smith and JameB O'Halloran, met with a terrible death by being run over by a train, while working on the line between Melbourne and Richmond. Smith* who resided at No. 9 Nimmo-street, South Melbourne, leaves a widow and three children, and O'Halloran who resided in Kizal Place, Eicbmod, also leaves a widow aud three children. The bodies were removed to the morgue. At the inquest held yester day a verdict of accidental death was returned. 