UNDER A CLOUD. CHAPTER V. Mr. Wyjujiiam wont clown to High CliU tlio very day ho l-ooeivod tho lottor David Durnnt had writton to his dead brothor-in-law. Ho wontfii-Bt to tho "Vicarage and nslcod to soo Mr. Armitago. Not boing of tho clangorous box, Miss Ponolopo allowed hor brotbor to rocoivo this viaitor witliout hor nsaist- nnoo ; in fact, tho usunlly raook Yionv had oxprossed IiiuiBolf 60 strongly nt hor Bonding Miss Durnnt from his door on that bitter winter's night thnt slio roally did not wish to boo tho girl's undo. 'I think I can guoss your orrnnd,' said tho young clorgymnn, as ho shook hands with Mr. Wyndhnm ; 4 you hnvo come to inquiro about a young lady who nrrivod horo on"\Vodnosdav night, bolioving tho Molvillos still nlivo ?' Just so, said tho lnwyor. 'Tbo doar girl is tho solo hoiross of an onormouB fortuno, and hns boon sont to England for tho bonofit of hor honlt.h. I porfootly droad to think what offoot tho suddon shook nwniting hor horo may havo had.' Tho " enormous fortuno" was a con clusion of his own, hut as chnnco happonod, it was right. ' I am vory sorry ; I don't think I ovor folt moro nBhnmod in my lifo. I was from homo nt tho timo, and my sister, who distrusts nil strnngors, instead of offoring Miss Durnnt hospitality at least for tho night, sufferod hor to loavo this llouso. It wns snowing dooply, thoro was not another train out of tho station that ovoning, and in trying to roach a cottage whoro sho had boon rooom- mondod lodgings, Miss Durnnt lost hor way. Happily sho wns found by Miss Eollowos noar tho lodgo, and is now in safoty nt tho Towors, whoro I nm griovod to lonrn sho is vory ill.' Tom Wyndham riovor mado noodloss onemios, and ho did not blamo Miss Ponolono to hor brothor. '.If pooplo will do impulsivo things, thby onri't oxpoct not to suiter from thorn. -Why in tho nnmo of goodnoss couldn't my hrother-in-law liavo writton a mnil or two hoforo ho sont tlio , girl, or hnvo cahlod ovon, he's rioli enough. Ho was always an eccentrio follow. "Wont out twonty years ago almost a pnupor, and now, judging from his lottor to poor Mol- villo, he's inndo a vory largo fortuno.' Mr. Armitago smilod. ,' Thoro soomod to mo somothing almost pathotio in suoh faith in a hrothor-in-law not soon for twonty years. . You will stay to ton I hope, Mr. Wyndham ; my sister would bo delighted to put you up for tho night.' But the lnwyor refused, Atohdyto his- fingor-tips, ho preferred tho baronet's hospitality, and so drove on to tho Towors. Lady Followes herself roooivod him, and ho was not much pleased with hor manner. Miss Durant, sho told him, was dangerously ill, and the doctor ordorod porfoot quiot as hor only ohanoo of recovory. It would bo wooks before sho could be moved, or ovon allowed to spoak on any oxoiting topio. Lady Eollowos had horsolf written to Mr. Durant to toll him of his daughter's Btnto, and sho would koop tho young lady under hor own care until bIio rocovorod. 'But I enn't imposo so on your kindness,' said tho lnwyor. ' My wifo is tho girl's nonrost relation, anil I am quite willing to tako hor in.' ' As Mr. Durant is ovidontly a rich man, I havo 110 doubt his dnughtor would moot with ovory kindness from his rolations,' said Lady Eollowos vory coldly ; ' but ns tho doctor forbids hor bomg moved, I shall koop hor horo for tho prosont,' 'Can I soo hor?' ' It is quito impossiblo ; any strango faco would probably oxcito hor dangerously.' Thoro was nothing to bo gained by waiting. Lady Eollowos did not offer him a bed or oven invito him to stay to dinner. Mr. Wyndham drove sovon miles to a junction and so cnught a London tram that night, and roturnod homo early tho noxt morning in tho worst possiblo temper. ' Mark my words, Grnco,' ho said to his wife, ' thoro's somothing wroncr about that girl ; (I nioro oxposuro to cold wouldn't bring on such an lllnoss as this ; excitement doesn't hurt pooplo who havo only got a chill. Dopond upon it, in spito of tho monoy in tho letter, Olivo Durant is under a cloud. Her-fatbor was nothing but a humilia- tion to us nil tho whilo ho was in England, and this girl will bo just tho same.' ' Woll, wo nood not soo hor,' ropliod Mrs. Wyndham choorfully. ' If tlio Eollowos havo takon tho ohargo of her on thomsolvos, lot thorn koop hor.' Dr. Harloy wns right ; Olivo Durant hnd n long and tedious illnoss. It wns tlio ond of Eobruary when sho oamo to tlio Towors, it was oarly April when thoy whoolod hor sofa for tho first timo into Lady Eollowos' boudoir, and pronouncod hor convaloscont. ' You hnvo boon so good to 1110,' sho said to hor hostess, with almost pa thotio gratitudo, ' you and Miss Eol lowos; I don't know how to thank you. If only dad woro horo ho would do it bottor.' Tlio listonors' oyos filled with tears. Among tho Afrioan tetters waiting for Olivo wns 0110 inn crabbed old-fnsli- ionocl writing, with a doop blnok border. Tho wook it hnd nrrivod tho London pnpors hnd recorded : — "Jan uary 20th, nt Cnpo Town, suddonly of lioart disoaso, David Lostor Durant, youngost son of tho Into Ernost Dur nnt, of Whitolndios, Hertfordshire, England," so tboso nround hor knew of Olivo's misfortuno long hoforo sho teamed tho nows herself. ' Hnsn't dnd writton ?' asked Olivo wistfully. ' Ho promisod mo a lottor by ovory mnil.' " Thoy brought hor a pnokot of tetters, hut only ono was in hor father's hand, tho otliors woro from Dr. Evans, his oletest frioncl nt Port Agnos, nnd tho only croaturo ho had trusted not only, with tho socrot of his pnrontago, but with that other socrot of tho months Olivo hnd boon away from him. Tho summons had como suddonly ; within a wook of his child's dopnrturo David Lostor Durant had boon "oallod homo." Tho solo oxooutor of his will was Dr. Evans, who wroto that us Olivo was now of ago trustees would not ho nooossary, and ho proposod to ronliso tho wholo proporty as soon as possiblo, and pny tho procoods ovor to hor orodit at any English bank sho might ohooso. 'You will bo very rick, little girl,' wroto tho kind old dootor ; ' nnd I foar you will fool vory lonoly among strangors ; but I dnro not ndviso you to roturn to Port Agnos. If you will tnlco tho counsel of an old man who has known you all your lifo, make your homo, at nny rate for tho prosont, uiidor somo rolntion's roof. You are too young to livo nlono. Eor tho rost, avoid all suddon intimacies and keep yoursolf ns muoh as possiblo nwny from tho places frequented by colonials. I would glndly nsk you to como out ngnin nnd livo with us. My wifo nnd tho girl would bo dolightod to havo you ; but whon your father and I dis cussed tho matter, ho expressed such a docidod wish for you to livo in Eng land thnt I think you nro bound to do so.' They woro vory kind to Olivo — tho family among whom sho found hor lot so strangoly enst. Evon Sir Goorgo, who did not offoot young lndios ns a rulo, took a strango interest in Bar- barn's foundling, ns ho cnllod Olivo. Ho it wns who wroto to Dr. Evans do- tailing Miss Durant'a illnoss, and the donth of tlio rolations to whom hor father had speoially confided hor. Ho gavo tho addross of his own solicitors, a respectable firm, who would bo likoly to donl honourably with the orphan hoiross, nnd nssurod his correspondent ho should not hoar of Miss Durnnt leaving his roof until hor health was porfootly rostorod. . Of courso tho WyndhnmB could not bo kopt in ignoranoo of Mr. Durant's donth. Thoy sont Olivo tho most pressing invitations to visit thorn nt Pongo, and among tlio letters from Adolnido House enmo a little note, in which Alioo Molvillo oxprossed hor sorrow suoh a disappointment should hnvo mot hor oousin nt hor dear old homo, nnd hor certainty that had her pnronts boon nlivo thoy would gladly havo wolcomed their nioco. 'I think Alico Molvillo must bo liico,' Bnid Olivo, thoughtfully to Bar bara Eollowos. ' Sho used to bo a doar little thing,' agreed Miss Eollowos. ' Sho was al most heartbroken when hor homo was brokon up. I hnvo ofton thought Bho must havo q vory hard timo of it at Pongo.' ' Do you think sho would oomo and livo with mo.?' 1 "With you ?' Lady Eollowos laughed ploasantly. ' Sly dear Olivo, it would lie liko two oliildron playing nt housekeeping.' Olivo flushed crimson. ' I dou't know much about English ways,' sho confossod ; ' but I thought porhaps, I could got some old lady, to como and look after tho liouso, and Alioo would bo n companion- for mo'.' Hor fnthor wns vory good to dad some years ago, and if I am roally so rich I should lilko to try nnd raako somo ono happy.' ' You might take that pretty house botwoon horo nnd tho vionrago. I know thoy aro trying to lot it fur nished. Colonol Scott wants to tako his wifo abroad for hor health. Mam ma, don't you tlnnk it would bo a lovoly plan ?' ' I should lilco to 'koop Olivo noar us,' said Lady Eollowos, kindly ; ' but this is a vory small place, and sho is a groat hoiross. I tluuk most pooplo would say bIio ought to seo tho world.' 'Not yet,' plonded Olivo. 'I could not bo gay and plonsuro-sooking yet, wlnlo I havo only just lost dad. I should liko to spond tho suumor horo vory much. Lady Eollowos, do you think I might tako High Cliff Lodgo, and got Alioo Molvillo to como and livo with 1110 ?' ' I tluuk Mrs. Wyndhnm would givo hor up l-athor than offond you, , doar. as fato sooniB to havo mado you tbo rioh woman of tho family; but you would want a chaperon. Evon in- a quiot plnco liko this two girls could not possibly livo nlono.' 'I think it would bo oharming,' said Barbara, as sho rose to leave tho room. 'Olivo sooms to belong to us now, motlior, nnd I don't want to givo hor up.' Lady Eollowos looked thoughtful. ' Supposing you wont to Pongo for a fortnight, Olivo, and saw your aunt Graco. I fool suro sho would givo up Alioo if you wished it, and I think she would probably know of someone who would como to you for a timo as chaperon and housekeeper.' Olivo's glanco soomod ' to say sho would profor Lady Eollowos' choice of a chaperon to Mrs. Wyndham's. 'No, doar,' said tho lady, gently, ' your aunt is alrondy very jonlous of us. If you had boon a lonely little girl, whoso faco was hor fortuno, I might liavo defied Mrs.. "Wyndham's oritioism ; but as it is, I should liko you to consult hor. You nood have 110 foar, Olivo. I know hor woll enough to nssure you sho will be gra- ciousnoss itsolf to an hoiross.' So in May Olivo wont to tho rod brick house at Pongo, and wns troatod with much doforonco. Mrs. Wyndham soomod to havo forgotten hor doubts about hor nioco, and to think tho hoir- 038 a vory important porson. Sho thought tnking a house in Yorkshire burying Olivo alivo; but sho admitted no ono in doop mourning wont out muoh, and sho dnro say thoy would bo tired of tho quiot boforo winter; and whon Olivo, to whom all oliildron, ovon tho unruly Totty, took a fnnoy, suggested it would bo so plonsant for tho young girls to pay hor a long visit in the Bummor holidays, Mrs. Wynd ham was quito won ovor. About a chaperon sho rocommondod an advertisement, and greatly advised tho solootion of n strangor. ' Anyono from noar High Cliff would know too much about tho noighbours. I wonder Lady Eollowos did not l-o- commond soinaono. Sho sooms quite to hnvo taken possession of you.' ' Sho has boon vory kind.' 'Sho is a nieo woman,' admitted Mrs. Wyndham, i-athor grudgingly, ' and thoy havo hnd heaps of troublo. Is Miss Eollowos getting over it?' 'Getting ovor what?' asked Olivo, rather bowildorod. ' Sho sooms quito woll. Sho does not oaro for sooioty, but is always working in tho parish.' ' All,' and Mrs. Wyndham lookod volumes. ' That's a now thing. Tliroo yonrs ago sho was tho lovoliost girl in tlio neighbourhood and tho gayost too. Sho might have married anyono, sho was so run after ; but, iu an evil hour, Sir George took it into his head ho wnntod a soorotary (his own son was still at oollogo), and brought homo a young man who soomod to in fatuate ovoryono ho mot. I saw Itobort Lang myself, whon I was staying with your aunt, and I'm suro I'll admit ho was tho most fasoinating follow I ovor mot. Olive's oyos woro boric ovor hor uoadlowork. Mrs. Wyndhnm was pleased nt suoh wrapt attention to tho ombroidery of Totty's dross. 'Ho was just Sir George's right linnd. Mr. Peroy, . tho hoir, and Lady Eollowos woro. quito as muoh taken with him at first; but by-and-by they began to think ho assumed too muoh, and whou it camo to Sir Goorgo koop- ing a hunter for him, and treating him moro as a favourite son than a paid soorotary, thoy woro both up 111 arms. Percy Eollowos hnd just loft Oxford, nnd ho came up to London and livoil in chambers, vowing ho wouldn't go to tho Towors to play second fiddlo to Itobort Lang. Lady Eollowos frottod horsolf nearly ill over tho estraugo- mont between tho fathor and sen. Sir Goorgo grow moro infatuated ovory day, till at last Lang proposod to Miss Followes.' ' To Barbara ?' ' '"Sos; sho who had refused tho host mntchos -in tho county acoeptod him at onco; but ho had ovor-roaohod liim- solf. :Sir Goorgo, who had soomod to think nothing too good for his protege, was yot onrngod at Lang aspiring to his daughter. Thoro wns tho most awful row and Lang was dismissed. 'Peroy Eollowos went homo, nnd the family lawyer was sent for. Whon affairs woro gono info it was found Lang had ohoatod Sir Goorgo right nnd loft. Jtorits paid him had novor. boon accounted for. Other 'moneys passing through his hands had boon ombezzlod. Tho vory day ho was dis missed iio had forged Sir Goorgo Eollowos' nnmo to a cheque for a largo sum. Altogether thoy lost fifteen thousand pounds by him, and Miss Eollowos had a most terrible illnoss, from which no ono ovor thought sho would recover.' ' And what bocamo of tho man ?' , ' Ho wont abroad. Nothing wns hoard of him till this yonr, whon it trnuspirod ho hnd gono (with tho pro coods of tho forgod choquo) to South Africa, and mixod in tho vory boat sooioty out thoro ns Ynno Onrlyon. Ho sooms to havo takon in ovoryono whorovor ho wont, till, presuming too much on his good luck, ho was oon- cornod in somo thoft of uncut diamonds, nnd got seven yonrs penal sorvitudo. I wondor you didn't hoar of tho trial. Porhaps you woro on your voyago whon it happonod.' 'Inovor read the African papers,' said Olivo, 'thoro was so little in thorn.' ' "Woll, whon Eobort Lnng lias finished his sovon years ho will probably roturn to England ; but if he's wiso, ho'll steer clear of High Cliff. Thoy say Sir Goorgo is so furious against him that, if ho vouturos noar him, tho old gontloman hnB sworn to givo him in ohargo for tho forgery.' ' But could ho ?' nskod Alioo doubt fully. 1 1 havo hoard thnt if a certain number of yonrs passed — six, I tliiiik — a person could not bo prosooutod.' ' You aro thinking of debts, my doar. Six yonrs is tho limit for thorn, but oriminnl affairs aro vory difforent.' ' Do you fool tho sun from that window too hot, Olivo?' askod Alice Molvillo gontly, "'you nro looking as white as a ghost.' 'I think I am tired, ' said tho girl wearily. ' If you don't mind, Aunt Grnco, I'll go and lio down.' Mrs. AVyndbam turned to Alice when tho hoiross had loft tho room. ' Sho'll novor make old bonos,' wob tho coldblooded speech ; ' she's too like hor mother. Why sho looks as if a puff of wind would blow hor away, and she's worth n hundred thousand pounds now, and no tolling how muoh moro whon hor fathor s affairs aro wound up, If you play your cards well, Alioo, nnd provont Olive from marrying, tho wholo of hor -fortune must como to us.' Alico started. ' It seoms aruol to think of suoh a thing,' sho said gontly. 'But surely you aro mistaken, Aunt Graoo. Olivo's fortuno is not liko landed proporty ; sho could loavo it by will to whoever sho pleased.' Mrs. Wyndham snapped her cotton impatiently, a suro sign that sho wns displeased. ' I novor said sho couldn't, but she won't mako a will unloss you put it into hor hoad. Girls of that ago novor think thoy may dio as woll as old pooplo. If Bho does not mnrry, and you don't bother her about a will, hor fortune will be dividod into throo parts. -I shall havo one, your Unolo Alfrod another, and the third you and poor Ada's other ohildren would divide.' ' Pteaso don't,' ploadod Alioo. 'She is so swoot and beautiful, I oan't boar to think about hor death.' 'It won't mako hor dio any tho sooner,' said Mrs. Wyndhnm. 'Thore would bo uonrly six thousand pounds npiece for you children. Think what a start in life it would give your kmf.hnrn. Ali'nn Anrl vnti find TilrlJMi would find a nioo little dowry very usoful if you marriod.' 'I don't think I shall ovor marry, Aunt Graco, and I would much rather Olivo livod and onjoyod her own for tune ' Then you're a simpleton,' returned hor aunt. Later on Alico oropt into hor cousin's room to soo if sho was resting. Olivo sat in a low ohairby tho open window. Sho had not boon nsloop. Thoro woro ;toar-stains on her white checks, and hor oyos woro dull nud heavy. For tho first timo it struck Alico how ter ribly fragile Olivo looked. There wns almost a protecting kindnoss in tho younger girl's mannor ns sho flung hor strong young arms round Olive, and boggod hor not to frot. ' Undo David is hotter off,' said Alioo, gontly ; ' thoro's no trouble in Hoavon. I always try to remombor that, Olivo, whon I long for my mothor.' 'I wasn't crying for dad,' said Olive sadly, 'but for myself, Alioo. Iam so vory tirod of life; it sooms so full of pain.' 'You mustn't say so, dearest,' ploadod tho other girl. 'You arowonk nnd ill now ; you haven't got over the shook of uncle's death. You'll feel bottor and seo Bomo sunshine. -loft in lifo by-nnd-by.' Olivo shook her hoad. ' Everyone sooms full of trouble,' she said gravely, ' evon the Eollowos. I thought thoy were so happy, aud .yqt you heard Aunt Grace's story. Can it possibly bo true ?' ' It is porfeotly true. I- was old onough at tho time to remombor it mysolf. Mother said Eobort Lang hnd the most fasoinating manners sho had ovor seon, but fathor always do- olarod thoro wns something ' wrong about him, and that he did not run " straight." ' 'Had I10 any relations?' askod Olive ; then as though to explain her ouriosity, sho addod, ' his disgrace must havo boon torriblo for them;' ' He had one sister,' said Alico. ' I novor saw hor, and I do not think sho visited at tho Towors ; sho wns a vory haudsomo young widow, I have hoard.' ' And hor namo ?' asked Olive, with strango abruptness. ' I novor hoard it.' C'l'o be continued. J 