"KIP VAN WINKLE." TBS plot of tbe opera to be staged nt thc i Theatre on Wednesday week is founded or ! Washington Irving's story of that name The scene is laid in un American colon; before the war of independence. The firsl act opena with the village of Sleepy Hollow, at the foot of Kaatskill mountains, near the Hudson Bi ver. The villagers are assemblée before old Nick Vedder's " George III Inn,* to loyally celebrate the birthday of tht English King. Rip Van Winkle-a good for-nothing, but withal a general favourite with tbe villagers-is conspicuous by bis absence, being away with his gun roaming among the mountains. Gretchen (Rip's wife) and Katrina (Nick's daughter) succeed in coaxing the Burgomaster to Lake no notice of Rip's apparent want of loyalty. A detach- ment of English soldiers, under Captain Rowley, take up quarters in the village, much to Gretchen's anxiety, who is afraid her husband may have in some way offended against the laws. Derrick Van Slous, the village lawyer, and a rejected suitor , of Gretchen, bears Rip no good will, and, hold- ing a mortgage over the latter's property, in a spirit of revenge against Gretchen, deter- mines to foreclose at once. Rip bas, during bis wanderings in the mountains, discovered the buried treasure of the famous navigator I Hendrick Hudson, whose ghost, together with those of his crew (according to an old legend of the village) inhabits the IOiatskills. On Derrick demanding immediate payment of the sum due, Rip astonishes and confuses him by producing a bag of golden coins, and secures the mortgage. Nick Vedder draws Derrick's attention to the fact that tile coins ure not English guineas, but Frenen guuaers, The latter then accuses Rip of being a Freuet spy, anti brings the soldiers to arrest him, hut he escapes over the bridge to the Kaats kills. The second act shows the search fot the fugitive in the mountains. The Demon Dwarf, who is associated with Hudson's goblin crew, meets Rip, and beguiles him to the haunted glen, which the lutter discovers to be thu place whero he found the gold. On his again attempting to secure some of the treiisure, Rip is confronted and brought under tho influence of the phantoms, who entertain him for a time. The dwarf then offers Riv Van Winkle a goblet, the contents of which overpowers him, and Rip sinks into a deep sleep, which lasts for twenty years. The third act shows tho awakeniug of the sleeper after his long rest, which to him has seemed but as one night. He returns to the villiige, lo find many changes. The war of American Independence has changed tho name of the village to Wideawakeville. The George III Inn is now the George Washing- ton Hotel, kept by Jan Vedder, the son of old Nick Vedder, who, with Gretchen and many others, aro dead. Nobody knows Rip, who had long been given up as dead. He meets bis daughter Alice (now grown to womanhood) and Hans Van Slou's (Derrick's nephew), who recognise him when he sings one of the songs he sang to thom as children. He convinces Derrick, the Burgomaster, and other villagers that ho is indeed Rip Van Winkle by produciug tho deed he had carried with bim Lo tile mountains. The amateurs aro doing their best to stage the opera in a creditable manner, and are making capital progress in rehearsals. Tho casie, given below, will justify tho expecta- tion, of a first-class performance, and we are not surprised to learn that the box seats are filling rapidly. The solos aro entrusted to the lending vocalists of the city, the choruses are well arranged, and some of the dialogues will be specially entertaining. The caste is Rip Yan Wlnklo (village good-for-nothing) Mr. W. S. Reny Derrlclc van Slous (vlllago lawyer and RIp'B rival) Mr. C. Greaves Peter Van Dunk (Burgomaster ot Bloopy Hollow) Mr. H. Solm-fler Knickerbocker (village schoolmaster nnd local poet) Mr. T. Garrott Captain Rowloy (Hrltlsli army) .Mr. Wilson Nick Vedder (landlord of George III Inn) Mr. W. Stevenson Grotchon (wlfo of Rip Van Winkle) Mrs. R. R. Donaldson Katrina (village flirt and daughter of Nick Vedder) Mrs Hedley Hans (nephew of Dorrlck) .Master Spring Alice (Rib's daughter) .Miss May Spring Captain Hendrik Hudson .Mr. O'Connell First Lieutenant.Mr. H. A, Fürst Tho Damon Dwarf. :.Master Spring C1IANUK8 IN TIIIItD ACT. Alice Vnn Winkle (Kip's daughter) Mrs, R, R, Donaldson Liout. Hans Van Slous (of United Status frigate I Constitution), Mr. Fürst Jan Voddor (proprietor of tho Georgo Washington | Hotel), Mr. Stovonson i Mnx Schnoldor .Mr. John Duncan l'Ile arrangement for the choruses is ns follows :-First sopranos: Misses Hudson, O'Connell, Trissie Flanders, Carroll, Mann (2), Penrose (2). Second sopranos : Misses Sheehan, Southion, M'Donough, Morrissey, Jessie Flanders. Tenors : Messrs. Dellow, Baldock, S Oakes, Garrett, Duncan, Wilson, Lynch, M'Gregor. Bass : Messrs. Howard, Littlejohn, Schleifer, Greaves, Thornton, O'Connell, Lasker. Orchestra-First violins, Mrs. J. T. Hush, Mr, H. Jordan ; second, Miss Penny, Master M'Lachlan ; clarionet, Mr. M'Millan ; cornet, Mr. Spring ; trombone. Mr. Davis; drums, Mr. Warden ; accompan- ist (pi ano), Mr. Keif. 