ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. On Sunday, last tho, anniversary, of the Weslaynn Sunday Sohool, Rnther- glen, was hold. Mr, B. Willinms conducted tho service it; tho morning, nnd prouohod a vory good eormon. Mr. Olark.offioiutod iu the nftcrnuon and ovening. In tho afternoon ho guvo an nddroBS to tho children of tho sohool from tho words, " Iteniomhor now thy Creator in tho days of thy youth." At tho ovoning sorvico Mr. Clark prouohod his farewell sermon. Tho hall w;ib crowded, evory Boat be ing occupied, and tho pprch full to the doors. Ho took as his text II. Corinthians, ch. 'xiii., v. ' ll-M:— ' Finally, brothron, faro well. 11c porfeot, ho of good, comfort; bo of ono mind, livo in peaco, and the God of; portco 'shall bo with yoii. 'Tho griico of tho Lord Jesus- antl tho lovo of God nnd tho communion of tlio 'Holy Gliost bo with' yon all. Anion." In oponing the preacher briefly rovi'owod tlio work of tho past two years, the torm of his ministry here, and desired nil to ask thonisolvos tho -question, "Had they prized their privileges as tlioy should." -Ho said bo could not find it in-his heart to say1 anything 'unkind or hard, for; 'on-tho- wholo,' his people had treated 'him with uniform kindness and roBpcct; They had met joys and sorrows ' together. ' ' He. hud stood by tho opon' gravo and com- mittod sonio of their lovctl ones to tho silont tomb, and had joined with them in thoir rojoioing of infants be ing uonsoorated to tho Church. But now tlioy wore called upon to pnrt, Ho tliankod God that tlioy had learned to-rcBpcct, and, ho believed, lovo each other. Bcforo leaving ho wished to say n fuw . kind, loving words that ho trusted' would bo lieno- ficial to all. Ho would divide his address into three parts. First, Ex hortation ; second, Bonodictiou ; third, Farewell. Under tho first, bond ho onjoinod all thoso who professed ,l,o lovo- Christ tlio uocossity of perfection in tho Christian lifo. Only Christian porfootion, and not Divine or angolic perfection wub expected. The ncces- aiuy ui guuu uuiiiturb, uaity umi jiuuvu wore also rcforred to and omphasised, Tho second thougiit, tho bonediction, was. the greatest gift be could pos sibly wish for thorn. It was far greater than any earthly gift, for it proceeded from God Himself. His sincere prayor was that the grace of Lord .Jobus would fill their hearts, tho lovo of God bo manifested iu their livos, and thocommuuiou of tlio Holy Ghost over unite thorn to each othor. The last thought, farewell, bis labours wore now at an ond in this town, IIo thanked all for their sym pathy and holp and prayers.. Ho asked their support and prayers for his sucoossor, and wishod thorn evory good gi'ftYpossiblo. Tlioy wore- part ing,- but would moot Bomo day, if not on earth at tho judgment seat. Ho hoped tlioy would then hear tho sen tence — "Como ye blossod of my Father, inherit tho Kingdom propapod for yon." Until tlioy mot, whorovor it might bo, may tho grace of tho Lord Jesus, and tho Lovo of God, and the communion of the Holy GlioBt bo with them all. Tlio choir sang vory nicely suvoral appropriate pieces, and at the closo all joined in singing " God bo with you till wo meet again." 