TEE POPE'S ENCYCLICAL TO TEE ENGLISH PEOPLE. APPEAL FOB UNITY OF FAITII. TIMKS, 22.N'D APRIL." The Apostolia letter of Pope Leo XIU. to tine English peoplo is a document of three col-imm < length. It is addressed to those " who seek the Kingdom of Cbrht in the Unity of tho Faith, |. aud opens with a declaration that the Pope, having in a previous Apostolio lotter addressed the ' English people in common with other nations, has " groatly desired to do this by a speoial l.ttsr, and thus give to the illustrious English race a token pf our sincere affection. , ENGLISH 1IELAT10KS Willi THE PAl'AOV. This wish has been, kept alive by the hearty good will wo have always felt towards your people, whose groat deeds in olden times the history of the churoh declares. We w.r. yot uivto iiiutuu ujr uuu tut t cu uunv uuuveiiiikWQna with your countrymen, who tcstifiud to tbo kindly fouling of tbe Euglish towards us person ally, and above all to their anxiety for peace and eternal salvation through unity of Faith. God is our witness how keon is our wish that some effort of ours might tend to assist and further the great work of ob taining the reunion of Christendom ; and we render thanks to God, who bas so far prolonged our life, that we may make an endeavor in thiB direction. But since, as is but right, .we place our confidenoc of a happy issue principally and above all iu the wonderful power of God's grace, we have with full consideration determined to invite all Englishmen, who glory in the Christian nam, to. this same work, and we exhort them to lift up their hearts to God with us, to fix their trust in Him, and to seek from Him the help neoessary in such a matter by a&siduous; diligence in holy prayer. A GLANCE AT HISTORY. His Holiness goes on to insist upon the love and bare of thu Romau Pontiffs for Eugland from the days of Gregory the Great, who, by his missionary,' St. Augustine, restored the Christianity which the Church bod conveyed to Britain, and spread and defended there against rising heresy, but whioh bad boen blotted out by the invasion of heathen races. This loving care of the Pope was rewardod, "for in no other case, perhaps, did the Faith take xoot so quickly, nor was so keen and intense a love manifested towards the Swe of Peter." But, in .the storms which devastated Catho licity throughout Europe in the I6tb coutury, England, too, r«ceivodagrievouswound; for it was first uphoppily wrenched from communion with tho Apostolio See, and then was bereft of that holy faith in which for lung centuries it had rejoiced and fouud liberty. It was a sad de- feotioa ; and our predecessors, while lamenting it in their earnest love, made every pruiieut effort to put an end to it, and to mitigate the many evils consequent upon it. SIGNS OF "REVIVAL," The Pope recalls how, whilst Nuncio in Bel gium, he made the acquaintance of an English man, Ignatius Spencer, who laid before bim the projeot for extending a society of pious peoplo to pray for the return of the English natiou to tbe Ch'urcb. The fruits of Divine grace became notorious. Very many were led to follow the Divine call, and ameng them uot a few men of distinguished oipinence, and many, too, who in doing so had to tnake pcrsoual and heroio sacrifices. Moreover, there was a wonderful drawing uf hearts and minds towards Catholic Faith aud praotice, whioh rose in public respect and esteem, and many a long cherished prejudice yielded to the force of truth. Lookiug at all this, we do hot doubt that tho united and humble sup- plication- of so many to God aro hastening tho time of further manifestations of Hib merciful designs towards the English people when "tbe Word of the Lord may run and be glorified" (Tbcs. iii., 1). Our confidcuce is strengthened by observing the legislative aud other measures which, if tuey do not, perhaps, diroctly, still do indirectly help forward the end wo have in view by ameliorating the condition of the peoplo at large, and by giviug effect to the laws of justice aod charity. practical religion in england. Enlarging upon this aspect of tbe case, his Holiness points "with singular joy" to "the great attention whioh is being given in England to the solution of the social question— tho establishment of benefit and other societies, the efforts for tbe maintenance of religious teaching, and zeal iu the repression of interference ami incontinence. The various abundant manifesta tions of care for the aged, for orphans, for incurables, for the destitute, tbe refuges, reformatories, and other forms of charity, nil which the Ohurch ss a tender Mother inaugurated and from the earliest times has ever inculcated as a speoial duty, are evidences of the spirit which anim&lti; you. Nor cau we oinit to inentiou specially the strict publjo -observance of Sunday and the general spirit of respect for the Holy Scrip tures. Everyone knows the power and resources of the British nation and the civilising influeneo which, with the spread of liberty, accompanies its commercial prosperity even to the most roir.ote regions. But, worthy and noble in -.themselves as aro all these varied manifestations of activity, our soul is raised to the origin of all power aud the perennial source of all good things, to God our Heavenly Father, most beneficent. For the labors of man, whether public or private, will not attain to their full etiicacy without appeal to God in prayer and without the Divine blessiug." through prayer to unity. -The letter goea on in some detnil to emphasise the importance of prayer, instancing the example and prrcepts of Christ. It coutinues We on our part, watching tbo signs of tho times, exhorting and. taking thought for tbe future, urged thereto by tho example 'of Christ and tho'duty of our Apostolio office, have not oeased to pray, and still humbly pray, for the return of Christian nations, now divided from us, to the unity of former days. We havo more than onco of late years given expression to this object of our desires', and havo devoted sedulous care to its realisation. The timo can not be far distant when we must appearvto render an account of our .stewardship to tbo prince of pastors, and how koppy, bow blessed should we be if wo could bring to. Him some fruit — some realisation of these our wish! whioh He has inspired and sustained. In theno days our thoughts turn with love and hope to tho English people, observing as we do the frequent and manifest works of Divine grace in their midst; how to some, it is plain, the confusion of religious dissensions which divide them is a cause of deep concern ; how others see clearly the need of some such defence against the. inroad of moderu errors which only too readily humor the wishes of fallen nature and depraved reason ; how tho number of those re ligious aud discreet, men who sincoroly labor much fur reunion with the Catholic Church is increasing. We can hardly say how strongly theso and other signs quicken the charity of Christ- in us, and redoubling our- prayers from our iumoHt soul we call down a fuller measure of Divine grace, which, poured out on minds so well disposed, may issue in the ardently desired fruit, the fruit — namely, tbat we may all meeb into the unity of faith and of the knowledge of tbe Son of God (Eph. iv., 13), careful to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, ono > body and one spirit; as you arc called in ono 1 hope of your calling — one Lord, one faitb, ono baptism (lb., 3 — 5). With loving heart, then, we turn to you all in England, to whatever community or institu tion you may beloug, desiring to recall you to this holy unity. . . Difficulties thoro may . be for us to face, but they are not of a naturo : which should delay our Aoostolio zeal or otay your energy. Ah, no doubt the many changes tuat liavo como about, and the time itself, hava caused the existiug divisions to tako deeper root. But is that a reason to give up all hopo of remedy, reconciliation and peace ? By no means if God is with us. . . . The time ia ! hot far distant when 13 centuries will havo been . completed since tho - English race welcomed (hose Apostolic men sent, 'as we have said, from this very city -of Rome, and, casting nflido . the I'agan deities, dedicated the firss- fruits of its faith to Christ our Lord and God. This encourages our hope. It is, indeed, an event worthy to be remembered with publia thanksgiving; would that this occasion rnighb bring to all reflecting minds the memory of tho faith then preached to your ancestors, the eama which in now preaohed--Jeaus Christ yesterday, to-day and the name for ever, as tbo &postlov; Bays (Hub. xiii., 8), who also most opportunely exhorts you, as be does all, to remcmbor thoso firHt preachers " who have spoken the Word of God," to you whose faith follow, considering th end of their conversation (lb., 7). In such a cause, we first of all call to our assistance as our allies the Catholics of Eng land, whose faith and piety we know by experi ence. There can be no doubt that, weighing earnestly the value and effects of holy prayer, .the virtue of which, wo have truly declared, tiiey will strive by every meaus to succor their fel.'ow-eountryinen and brethren by invoking in their behalf the diviuo ctimency. . . . And in regard to tiiis there is another matter whioli gives un anxiety. We have beard that in England there ure some who, being Catholics in name, do not show themselves so in practice ; and that in your great towns thoro are vast numbers of poople whs know not tho clomeuts of the Christian faith, who never pray to God, and livo in ignorance of Hia justice and of His mercy We must pray to God, and pray yet more earnestly in this sad condition of things, tmico He aloue can effect a remedy. His Holiness at tho samo time urges that the faithful should not suffer themselves to be wanting iu anything tbat ' pertains to tho grace and tho fruit of prayer, "the exemplary observance of uprightness aud justice, of piti- fulness for the pour, of penance, of. peace and > concord in your own houses, of respect for the i law." Thona are what will give force and effi cacy to prayer. an inducementto pray for england. We therefore humbly call on St. Gregory, whom the English have ever rejoiced to greet as the apostle . of. their race,., on Augustine, his disciple and his messenger, and on those other Baints of Gods, through whose wonderful virtues and no less wonderful deeds England has merited tbe title of "Inland of tho Saints"; on St. Peter. and St. George, -thoso special patrons, and above all on Mary, the Holy Mother of God, whom Christ Himself from the Cross left to be tho mother of mankind, to whom your kingdom was dedicated by your forefathers <uuder that: jflorious title "The Dowry of Mary." AU these Pk ith full confidence we c&U; upon to be pur pi eadera before the Throne of God that, renew ing the glory of ancieub days, He may "fill you wjtA all joy and .peace in believing ; that you may abomtd .in hope and in tho power of the Holy .Ghost" (Romans xv., 13). Caro should' be taken that the j pr&yari;' for uuity already established amongst: you Ca\ holies on certaiu fixed days should ba made more popular and recited with greater i devotion, Especially that the pious practice of j the holy uoiary, wincti we ourselves nave so strongly recommended, should flourish, for it: contains as it wore a summary of tho Gospel j teaching, and has always been & most salutary | institution for the people at large. Moreover, wo are plcauect of our own will and authority to | add eti U anoth r to the sacred indulgences which have been granted from timo to time by our predecessors. We grant, that is, to all those who piously racit e the prayer appended to this i letter, to wbatev er nation tbey may belong, an j indulgence of 30Od&ys; moreover, a plenary \ indulgence -once a' month on the observance of the usual co ndition to those who have recited it daily. 1 Finally, w<£ desii s all manner of blessings from God for t he whole of the British people, and with all ou r heart we pray that those who seek the Kingdo m of Christ and salvation in the unity of faith ma.y entor on the full realisation of their desires. Given at St. Peter's hi Romo on the 14th of April, 1895, in tivo IStli year of. our Pontifi cate. THE FKAYBK TO MARY. The form of pravi v appended to tho letter ig 1 in the following term To the-R lesscd Virgin. Prayer 1 'or Eugland. O blessed Virgin M'-aiy, Mother of God and > our most gentle queen and mother, look down in mercy upon England Aby " Dowry " and upon ; us all who greatly hope tind trust in thee. By thee it was that Jesus on. Saviour and our hopo was given unto the world; and He has given thee co us that wo might h ope still more. Plead for us, thy children, whon/ thou didst receive aud accopt at tbe. foot of the Cross. O sorrowful ' mother! intercede for our i eparated brethren, that with us in the one trui'fold they may ba united to the Supreino Shepherd, the Vicar of ; thy Son. Pray for us all, dear- mother, that by faith fruitful in good works we may oil deservo - to see and praise -God. together with thee, in our heavenly home. Ainon. 