A L l M SENTENCE. By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jaoobi's Wife," "Under False Pre»»D06«,Eoy 'e Repentance," " Demerit's Diamond,"&c.;, &e.; CHAPTER XLIV. At that moment Eftid, reoalled by one in* stinotive flash of memory, tbe votdi that Maurice Evandale had said to her. If ever •he saw "the ghost" again, she was to apeak to it—she vu not to be afraid, God would take oareof bar. With a sort of mental olutch at the strenath residing in those words, she maintained herself in a, sitting posture and looked the white woman full io the face. Yes, it wag Connie's faoe ; but was itConnie herself? For the- figure made a strange threatening gesture, and glided smoothly towards the door u if to disappear—though in natural and not very ghost-like fashion, for the door stood wiae open, and it was the soft cool night breeze of summer that bad opened Enid a slumbering eyes. In another momeno the visitor would be (tone, and Enid would never know whether what she saw was a reality or a dream. That should not be. Strength and courage iuddenly returned to her, inspired by the reiBemberance of her lover and his words; she would speak. " Why are you here?" she said. Still no answer. The figure glided onward, and its eyes, glittering and baleful, were never onoe removed from Enid's face. With one supreme effort the girl sprang from ihe bed and threw hertelf in the strange visitor s way. lhe figure halted and drew book. Enid laid a hand upon its arm. • • Ah, yes, thank lie » von, she felt the tonch of flesh and blood ! No weird reflaoted image of a wandering brain was before her; a womanonly a wioked deepsrate woman—stood in her way. Enid was not afraid. "Constance," she said, "why are you here?"' The woman dashed down the detaining hand. She knew that it waa no use to •ainme any longer the oharaoter with which she had hoped to impress the mind of the sensitive,_ nervous, delicate girl. She was no ghost indeed; she oould figure no longer as a nightmare in Enid's memory. She stood revealed. But ehe did not lose her selfpossession. After a moment's pause she spoke with dignity. " I came here," the said, "to see whether you were sleeping quietly. Surely I may do so auoh for my husband's niece?" "And what were you doing there?" said Enid, pointing to the mantelpieoe. " Why were you tampering with what Mr. Ingledew tends me to take?" "Tampering, you silly girl? You do not know the meaning o f your own words !" " Da I not 1 What have you in your hand ?" She grasped at the little phial whioh Connie bad half- hidden in the white folds of her dressing-gown, grasped at it, and succeeded, by the quickness of her movement, in wrenohing it from Mrs. Vane's hand. Then, even by the dim light of the candle, she oould see that Connie's colour waned, and that her Harrow eyes were distended with eudden fear. " Why do yon take that ? Give it me baok !" "Yes, "said Enid, upon whom the excitement had acted like a draught of wine, giving oolour tq her face and deoision to ber tones—" yes, when I have found out what it contains." " You little fool, you will not know when you look at it." "I will keep it; and ask Mr. Ingledew or Mr. Evandale. You were pouring from it into the medicine that Mr. Ingledew gave me, for what purpose you know, not I." _ A gasp issued from Connie's pale lips. Her danger was clear to her now. . "Give it back to me!" she said. "I will have it; I tell you I will!" Enid's hand was frail and slight; not for ono moment oould she have resisted Mrs. Vane's superior strength; for Connie oould be strong when oooasion called for strength, and she did not try. With a quiok sweep of her arm ehe hurled the little bottle into the grate! It broke into fragments as it fell, the orash striking painfully on the ear ia the stillness of the night. The two women looked into each other's f aoes; and then Connie quailed, and fell baok a step or two. "What good or harm will that do?" ahe asked, slowly- " Why did you break it ?" " Better for it to be broken than used for other's harm." " Sow do you know that it was meant to do harm?" " I don't know it; I feel it. I am sure of it. If you lie and oheat and rob, where will you stop short? Is it likely that I, of all people, oan trust you?" Constanoe oanght at the bnd as if for sup' port. She was trembling violently, but her faoe had all its old malignancy as she said— " You are going to slander me to your nDcJe. r«nppo»»?—Riei'i opeOmuws thsfc-yrm would fcata If I—I and little Diok were out of the way!" Enid looked at her steadily. " You we very clever, Constance," she said, "and it ia exoeedinly clever of you to mention little Dick to me. You know that I lovo him, althQugh I do not love you. I shall do no harm)to him that X oan help. But this—this burden is more than I oan bear alone! I shall go to another for help." " You have promised to apeak to nobody but Hubert on the subject," said Connie, turning upon her with a look of tigress-like fury. "To nobody but my husband or my promised husband." " And that is Hubert." "No; It is not Hubert." "Not Hubert? Then who—who?" " That is nothing to you. You will hear in (rood time. You have no right to question me; you lost your authority over me long ago." "Not Habert?" Connie repeated onoe more, as if bewildered by the news. Then ahe burst into a wild, low laugh. " You are right," she said. " He. has replaoed you already; he ia desperately in -love with Cynthia Weetwood, the daughter of the man who murdered your father, and he has given you up. He never cared for you; he wanted your money only. Did that never occur to your innocent mind ? As soon as be is better, be will make Cynthia his wife." "He is free to do so if he pleases," said the girl, with a touoh of soorn in her voioe. " I am thankful to esoape from you both. You will not expect me to live under -the eame roof with you again." "Go where you please," returned Con- •tanoe, " say and do what you please; I shall be only too glad to think that I shall never see your faoe again. I always hated you, Enid Vane; from the time that you were a child I hated you. as I hated your mother before you. Some day you will perhaps know why." " I don't want to know. I have always felt that you hated me," said Enid, the hot colour receding from her obeeks. She was one of thote people on whom the oonsoiousness of ; being disliked produnes a chilling efieot. '"Bat I never hated you; I do not hate you BOW. Oh, Connie, is there no way of setting things straight without letting anybody know ?" Constanoe sneered at the almost child-like appeal. "For myself," she said, " I have a resouroe which will not fail me, even if you do your worst'. Do you think that I would ever live to bear publio"disgrace? Not for twenty-four houri. Remember this, Enid Vane—the day when the whole story, as we know it, comes to light will be my last. If you betray me, you will be my murderess. You will have killed me as truly as ever—as ever a cruel assassin killed your father Sydney Vane !" With a gesture of bw nrm, as if to keep the girl from touching her, she swept towards the open door. Eaid did not attempt to atop her. A sensation of awn, of affright even, seized ber as she watched the white figure gliding steadily along the passage until the darknesB hid it from ber view. Then ehe sank down on the bed onoe more, trembling and afraid. The desperate boldness which had for a long time possessed her was succeeded by a reaction of horror and dismay. How coujd she hide herself from Connie's hate—how save herself from Connie's cure revenge ? As she thought of theae things, ehe knew by certain well-marked evmptoms that one of her old attacks of almost cataleptic stupor was coming upon ber. In the old days she would have suooumbed to it at onoe. But Evandale'a words rang in ber ear. What had be said? He thought that she might oontrol herself—that she might prevent these nervous seizures from overcoming her. She eat up and by a violent effort roused herself a little. Then she tried the experiment of walking across the room to the open window, where the fresh air revived her. A glass of water, a tew turns across the room, and, quite suddenly she was onoe more mistress of herself. She had conquered the feeling of faintnoso—oonquered the terrible rigidity of limb whioh used to attack her at tho 8 times. The reotor's words bad proved the tonic that her weakened nerves seemed to require. For the first time in ber life she was a conqueror. There was no rea«on why she should not conquer apain and again until her nerves recovered their tone, and the fatal tendenoy was overcome. New streneth oame to her with this consoiouaness. She lighted a lamp and donned a dre^ing-gown ; then, after a little deliberation, BIIB went to Parker's room. She found the inaid up and partially dressed. There was a soared look on the woman's face which caused Enid to suspect that her conversation with Mrs. Vane had been partially if not altogether overheard. But this Enid resolved not to seem to know. "P»rker,"she said quietly, "I am thinking of going to London. Will you oomc with me?" " Yes, Miss, that I will—to the end of the world if YOU like!" was theUNEXPECTEDLY fervent response. But Enid showed DO surprise. 