THE NOVELIST, THE LOTE OF HIS LIFE. j ------ ^ By the Author oi' Brave Ernest,' ' Through Deep Waters'&c.; CHAPTER II. ( -TARQAEITA CA.LDAEA. 'That is Captain Tregaron, of the Life Guards, an old friond of mine. I Bhall linWtho pleasure of introdnoing Li3 to you presently, Hisn Esmond: He is tlio eldest son of Mr. Tregaron of that ilk in Cornwall.' , 1 - uno conm gnesa ms country Dy liio samo; and. -who is that man in the last row of. stalls ? Hehasaladywithhim/f ^ Lord de Lisle followed the diroctiori —?or' Elsie's innoeeat eyes^ and his brow contracted slightly. He know the lady quite woll as a famous burleequo actresn^ the man scorned about torty — a tairj coodlooldng raftn evidently a gentle man,, but with that in hiB face wMch^ to the experienced gaze, proclaims the roue. K ' That 13 Langton Desborongh,' said the earl. ' Lady Sabine looked, and her li*» curved. Slie did not know Desborough's companion by sight, but her character ?was ias.nixos& to her at oncel Elsie asked — ' What is he? I don't lite bis face.'' ' My dear,' said Lady Sabine, 'he is not in good Eociety. He is well- connect ed, but has sunk into Bohemia — a con firmed gambler. , Hia house ' is really a gambling-house under a transparent viel. Ho has been the ruin of many a good man.' Elsie's cunny eyes wore clouded for a moment, and she said — ' How very shocking ! ' but one could not feol very urVappy orer tne rumed f ortunes of unknown youtha in a pretty theatre, 'with the anticipations of the '?'?/' fairyland presently to bo revealed ?wbon that magic curtain dreTr up, and the acfcu_ipresen,ce of a handsome, brilliant companion, who paid the most delicate attention, and imparted information in tho sweetest of vc.ices. So Elsie turned to the progr_mmi-. '1 hope this new dancer is pretty,' she said. ' If ahe is I shall throw my bouquet at her,' And she lifted to her. faccrtho little circlet of choice exotics 'Look bow many bouquets tbero are in . . the stalls. Hat I don't suppose they are for Mademoiselle Caldera.' ??;,'?? 'So:ne are for Miss Demorest. She is a great favorite/' said Lord de Lisle, glancing down into the stalls, andwitb. the ghost of a smile as be met for a : moment bis mo-her's eyes. Ho knew ' Daiay' could not go below : the surface of bis words. 'Is slier Well, I snail keep my bouquet till I 3ee what Mademoisello '.: Caldara is like.' '' Tie bell rang, nnd Philip de Lisle settled himself, witb a secret sigh, t-j nearly two b.our3 of endurance, only ?\ ' reliered by tho -raits, for Elsie was sure \- , to be as absorbed in the opera as he was : to be bored by it. 3Iisa Demorest waa well enougn at a j Eichmond dinner, though vulgar at her best, but i»be could neither act or sing to suit tho earl's critical judgment, and though the bright eye3 of the heroine \- 01 tho opera were more often directed to hi3 bos than to the actors with whom aho divided the stage, he ma.do . no pretence of interest in her perfor mance, but sat at graceful ease, leaning , his elbow on the front of the box, and ; . his ! head on hi3 hand, perhaps pbiloso* pbizing on his young companion's great '.'??'? delight in what was going on; possibly envying her. ?..'/? 'I am very silly to -like it, I know/! ??? ? . said Elsie, laughing*, when the curtain ;. fell on the first act, as -he turned to Lady Sabine; 'but, you see, I am a novice to theatres. I have seen so few'. You ana Lord do Lisle are 'used up' by ; this time, I should think. Now, do you . ? call Miss Demoreot a good actress?' ' No; critica praise her, but they do not believe what they write. You shall ? . come with mo on Thursday to the Prince of TVales'-s and then you will really sea ' ' some good acting.' 'Oh thanks! -I should like that, Lord.de Li3le, do you think any of the acting' here good?' Somo of it isTmssiblo, Mis3 Esmond.'1 ??You are so awfully particular !' said Hlfiiej ''You quite frighten me. You Beem to have seen all tho actors in the '-.'??' TTOrldi' ' Dont say t fri-fhten you, Miss Esmond, or you will make _ae wish 'all ( the actora in the world' kid never been born. Youaskedmy opiaion .you knoir, and. could I speak anything but truth' ±0 a lady ? ' : Elsie raised.her brows. ! : 'I don't tniufc you often do spaak truth to a lady,' Bho retorted, saucily 'But I don't like Demorest. She i ^ very pr etty,or she looks bo on the stage ? Taut aba stared at this box continually, 'and you looked _o indifferent, my lord: X saw her frown more than once.' ♦*I)idstte?JJ -aid the earl, amused: ? ' ' -f I am sorry I cannot get up one pang of remorse' — and he wondered languid-^ . ]y whether he should find on his table to-morrow an invitation to Miss Demorest's supper party that evening; : or some smart abuse for his conduct at the theatre. ' Miss Esmond,' he added, ' I want to introduce to you. my friend Berfeie Trsgaron,' and he signed to Trogaron to come rcrund. Tho young man obeyed, nothing loth, find Elphinstone told him ' not to han^ . , 'back if they offered to keep him, for «, Misk Esmond m- as awfully pretty.' So Captain Tregaron we? introduced to daisy, and room wa3 made for him ;' between her and Lady Sabino, and thai v. theatre box bacaniu io him fairyland. Thc-curtain fell on the last act of tho opors, and Demoresfc had been recallad once, and, to her chagrin, only throb . bouquets had been thrown to her. She glanced up to the carl's box, but -Captain Trega-ron made no movo to throw they costly floT--sr3 ho held. A3 the ac-res/ retired, hu turned laughing to the easji. ? ' Poor Demorest/' ho said ?' It fe, ' / ? evident that mobi, of theso bouq'o'ets' have been brought 'on spec/ like .__ine. If you win your bet what wiU'oecome. of them ? You muat kncWs. Miss' Esmond,' ho .added, in explanation, 'do . . ; Lisle laid a wnger that this Mademoi ? sello Caldara would be nothing out of* : . . .- .the common way.' ' . ;. What fun !' exelahued Efeie; 'Tmt ; ? .'BiipjRoqe you disagree, who ehall decide :-'* .'?'.'.' 'Will you bo umpire, Misa_Esmondr''- r- ,'.£aid the. _earJ, directly. .... ,: ?; ?,'ph,no--l amnojudga;' . ' ? ,-,' ? ?' lc,S.y6u ?''?were 'not, a lady's decfeori ._?-.?, ;xvouldtu'rn dofeat into victory,' vl could not decline, after' uuqh a ;:,' ? pretty speech,' said Elsie, and lifted' ;, her finger as the certain ran up; then* .. under her breath, 'Oh how beautifui^ ?'; The Btage tepresented.a mountain, glade, with a baotgror-ad of purpl©.. wooded hills,. and with tho rise of a curtain a troop of ballet. gMs all flash^ ing and gliittering gossamer and. jspanglcs' come down to the front to iie -ound ofa quiobdance measure. Than ono eiats-ged from among her' i compartiona, and taking the centre of ^he ctage, commenced, amid a -alyp of' ^EPteWfe .» vigoroua pas sead, -? ? . . - ' ''?? ' g^WWtoal-k/-'T '?-...{ 9 . . ..?''' 