SUNDAY SERVICES. fresuyterian church. Tlio Rev Hume Robertson preached on Sun day from tho text, " Inasmuch as ye did it unto ono of the least of theso my brethren ye did it unto me." -Matthew, twenty-fifth chapter, and fortieth verse. It is true that to do good ono must bo good ; but it is also truu thai ono grows good by doing good. In this way the words of Jesus find an application. "It is more blessed to give than to receive." By giving wo enjoy good more lasting nnd blpssed than by receiving. A kind action done to you may have benefited you. You may thereby'have boon relieved from sumo difficulty ; a kind word spoken to you may have brought you sympathy, courage mid hope. .But .when. it,is you avho do tho kind not, or speak . the good word, more lias" bcoii done to lift yoar nature above itself and bring you nearer Christ than all tho kindness of others is , able to effect-. As we would grow good, therefore, we must do good. Such is Christ's command. Still more, we niust do good out of luvo to Christ. Tile Saviour scorns no work; done for Him,; however ' humble and lowly.' It is the spirit in which wo do things that Christ looks at. Those who are worn with the drudgory of house work, tlioso whose life is one long toil from Monday morning to Saturday night— each one of us whatever bo our. work, if we'do it as our God-given mid Iioaven appointed task in life— if we do as to the Lord, it is done for Christ. ' Above all this there should bo n constnnt effort in our life to do something directly to mako the lives of others better, and therefore happier,' for Christ's sake. We may. think wc cannot do much, but the question is — " Aro wo doing what wo con ?" If wo have the earnest desiro to do work for Christ, and tho, advancement of His Kingdom, wc will find opportunities of being a blessing to others. Tlio sick/the poor, the aged, the carolcss, the young nil claim our attention, and stand in Christ's stead, that wu may minister to tliem ns to Him. congregational church. The Rev E. Steggall preached on Sunday night in reply to Mrs Humphrey Ward's question — " What is it that saves ?" Ho took bis text from Titus. 3rd chapter, 5th and 6th verses — "Not by works of righteousness which wo have done, but nceording to His mercy Ho saved us by tho washing of regeneration nnd renewing of the Holy Ghost, which Ho shed on us nbuudnnily, through Jesus Christ Our Saviour." Tlio ques tion asked by tho talented authoress of" Robert Elsmere,' 'and " David Grieve" jars on the sensi tive car of the Christian just us tlio ear of tlio physician catches the least in flection from tho natural murmur uf the lungs, nnd tbu ear of tho musician the least discord in harmony of a piece of music, so does the Cbiistian detect in this question a flaw in the belief of. the one ivbo asks it. Instead of asking, " What is it that saves?" wq say, Who is He who saves?". Mrs Ward by her question shows her belief that salvation is the result of some thing that brings it about. Wo i show our faith by centring in it a person through whom, nud by whom, salvation is ob tained. Tlio.. difference is a fundamental one. Mrs Ward lielongs to a class ot religious teachers whoso- phi'nsnphy does not lie square with the Holy. Scriptures, anil consequently whilst shu wants to obtain wlmt tho scriptures doscribo us salvation she is not prepared to accopt it in the way in which it is therein taught. Hence, with laboured effort sho sets up the theories thnt.sil- vatinn is obtained by sacrifice, by obedience, by special privilege of racial descent. But each of these is in turn set aside as unsatisfactory, nnd at last sho settles down on St. Paul's word—" I live! yet not I' but Christ liveth in me," as tho complete answer to her question. It is n strange answer. To few beyond herself is it at all satis factory. But porhaps it is expected that it shall bo received as some sympathetic thinkors expect the untaught to rrceivo their teachings. For instance,' Herbert Spencer's definition of music is "the comment of the emotions on the propositions of the intellect." When wo are told this wo ask thnt it may be repeated, and when it. is repeated we can't say Mr Spencer is wrong; but we don't quite understand him. So with Mrs Ward's solution of bur own problem. She passes by ail the great initial steps of con viction of sin, contrition, repentance, acceptance of forgiveness, meek, humble yet firm; faith in Jesus Christ. She. passes by Paul's own pro found experiences lis a sinner on the Damascus road, when ho cries " Isird what wilt Thou have mo to do?". She passes by Paul's own definite and; plain instructions to tho conscience- stricken gaoler'when he asks " What must I do to bo savcd ?"''and is told told to " believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou slialt be saved." She passes by tlio great, facts of the teaching of Jesus CliriKt . to NiebdoVnus:'- If her method is hot " climbing up somo other way" to got into path way to Hcavoti, it looks vory muoh like it. Such stages us conviction of sin, ropentance, nnd faith in Jesus Christ, cannot lie skippod if ivo want salvation. Tho. way.to it is-through tho strait and;nnrrow gate. We can't conjure Christ into the heart: It must bo propared for lib in-dwell ing. Salvation is not by our righteousness,' our goud works, but hy;God's mercy through Christ, and tho regouorntion of tho Holy Ghost. 