Spiritualistic Seance. Ar announced in our advertising columns, Mr Ernest Hosking, who recently caused such a sensation by his exposure of the Melon spiritualistic frauds and the production of the now notorious spirits, “ Cissie,” “ Geordie” and “ Josephine,” will appear in the Town Hall, Rutherglen, this and to-morrow evening (Friday and Saturday) and give one of his celebrated entertainments each evening. Mr Hos king will be assisted by Miss Ada Fitz Roy, the celebrated clairvoyant who has been highly spoken of by the metropolitan press recently. The following extract From a recent issue of the “ Bendigo Evening Mail” will serve to show that the entertainment is a genuine one :— “ Mr Ernest Hosking last evening gave a seance at the Masonic Hall, when he proved the ghosts as raised by Mrs Mellon in Sydney to have been called up by means of trickery ; i.e., that, thpy were no ghosts at all. There was a very good attendance, the clergy being exceptionally well repre sented, while there were several spiritual ists present. Miss Fitzroy opened the programme with a memory lest. She distributed six slates among the audience, and the gentlemen who received them wrote five words on each. They then re peated the words aloud slowly, and at the conclusion of their ^citation Miss Fitzroy 1 repeated the words, with their numbers. She then went over them backward from 30 to 1, and at intervals during the eve j ning, when asked the number of any of the tilings named, she was ready at the second to furnish it. This young lady also asked two young gentlemen to come on to the stage and tie her to a chair with as many knots ns they wished. Messrs S. White and J. Osborne respon ded, and she was then placed in the cabinet, and while there freed herself and waved her hands about. Mr Osborne was next asked to go into the cabinet with her. He did so, was blindfolded, the cnrtains were drawn, then after a brief space of time, the curtains were once more thrown back, and he was seen sitting in the chair without his coat, which Miss Fitzroy was now wearing. That young lady wns once more enclosed in the cabinet, and shortly afterwards returned the coat to Mr Osborne, and re-appeared free from her bonds. Mr Hosking gave a splendid ventriloquial entertainment, for which he was vociferously applauded. After a short interval, a committee, consisting of Pastor Leypoldt and Messrs W. Honey bone, R. Matchett and Dr James, was in vited on the stage, They carefully ex amined the cabinet and floor to make sure that Mr Hosking bad no assistance. The black bag was also examined most minu tely, and while Mr Hosking went away with Mr Honeycomb to remove all white which lie was wearing, Miss Fitzroy, under the supervision of Dr James, placed a running string in the bag. Pastor Lcy poldt then fastened a piece of cord securely around Mr Hosking’s neck and sealed it. Then the latter was placed in the bag up io me necK. ne tootc ms seat in the cabi net, the ends of the cords were passed through small holes in the side, and Pastor Leypoldt held them throughout the performance. The lights haring been turned down, and the curtains of the cabinet drawn, while handkerchiefs began to wave about the cabinet; then .tambourines weie thrown on to the sta^e. Noises were heard proceeding from the cabinet, and SQon the Form of “.Geordie” appeared, and walked about the stage, gradually disappearing from view. “ Cissie’ then proceeded to ask fo- chocolates, which Mr Honeybone supplied, hut when lie attempted to see more of her, she im mediately disappeared in a huff. “ Jose phine” next appeared andmelted away. Then tile lights were turned up, the curtains of the cabinet drawn, and Mr Hnsking was' found seated just as when first enclosed, wlide Pastor Leimnldt still retained the strings. The seals were found unbroken and the members of the committee were completely mystifind, while the audience were highly delighted with the whole per formance, and showed their appreciation of the Bendigo boy’s performance—Mr Hnsking being a young Bendigonian. The performance was such as to lead one to believe that Mr Hosking was assisted by some agency, and that he could call up the spirits of-the departed, but he maintains that it is all trickery, and after his. exposure of other conjuring frauds during the eveuing, anyone would- be very dull indeed if they did not see that the whole of the spiritualistic seance was, as Mr Hosking said, a fraud.” 