ON AND OFF THE STAGE, (By " The Oracle.") woTcomo. Hor voico is as true and clear as ovor, and her noting or on improved. The vast nud fashionable audience almost lost thoir Loads in rapture. A roconily-publinhed photo of Madam shows hor qaito a juvonilo. » " Daniel Frobman has returned from Europe with now comedies by Pinero and Carton for the next Lyooani soanon. Ho made a sensation in Loudon by refusing 'The Triumph of the PbilistineB,' by Henry Arthur Jones, and stating that only olean plays would bo aocoptod for America." So tattles an American papor. No doubt thoy like clean plays in America. Tha bulk of what they produce locally, and what the audiences will stand (Sullirau and others, to wit), are abso lutely as dean as a bleached bono. If tbey aro pure thoy are puro and uuadaltoratod liogwasb. Apropos hero is a refreshing bit of criticism on a burlesque on " Haiulct " lately produced : " Being an Irishman, Mr. Donnolly ought to bo witty ; but ho does not show it in (his libretto. His idea of fuuis to turn Shakespeare into slang. Horo is a fair specimen of his method : Hamlet : O, my prophotic soul 1 My east- side uncle ! \- Ghost : That was tho chnuip that dono mo ! Tho music was as flat as tho text ; but had Mr. Tourgea soloctod better tunes tho com pany could not have sung them nor tho orehostra played the accompaniments satis factorily. It is very evident that this Homor nods; but wo found no evidence that ho was ever wideawako. The stage was often crowded with people in Rhowy costumos ; but thoy hod little to do, and did that little awkwardly. Mr. Henley scemcd.ashamed, and thus won the sympathy of tho audionce. Kuto Davis had to roprcsont the Queen as drunk and incapablo. It is an outrage upon the bright and blithosomo nsmo of barlesquo to afiix it to such au imbe cile hotohpotch of imbecility, badly couoeived, badly writton, nud badly acLed. Tho first act, in which the scenery was the only thing worth applauding, was more than enough for most of the first-nighters. " Kayo's oonoontratod extract- of. call boy " in the pinco at tho Lyoeum is very droll. Ho is more funny almost for what he doesn't say than for his gags. Grace Palotta is a piping- hot favorito, that foreign accent which (like that which Scott gushos about in the " Lady of the Lako") has a peculiar fascination coming from tho lips of a comely damsel. By ley, whoso make-up is snggostiro of a eor- tain nigh dignitary in Sydnoy, is a dake of tho approved imbocilo brand. Laura Kearney gainod many friendB while taking Decitua Moore's placo. She is pretty, fresh, and natural. Of the boautiful boy presented by Miss Lloyd it is impossible to Bay too much that is favorable. m A new applianco bag been invented by a Japaucse savant, M. Sholu5 Janaku, by means of whioh ovory pianist will be able to play tho olarionot. The last-named is to ho hold in tho left hand, whilst tho right will play on a small keyboard us on a piano. Anyhow, thero must be something iu the invention, for tho Prassiau Government have (says on oxchango) given tho Japanoso professor a subsidy for tho con struction of his applianco. « » "Youth," which has most of tho merits and few of the faults of tho melodramatic play, will be revived to-night at Her Majesty's. Joe Tolono lias boon re-engaged for his old part, in which action the management has shown wisdom, for this droll Joseph is always a great favorito, and in bis own partioular lino can't bo beaten. Ho 1ms bad a rare schooling. It having been announced that " the firm " bos in contemplation a Napoleonic play for the Lyocnm, a waggish friend wants to \- know if Pcto Hughes is going to appear in tho -lead. The funny little man uBed to bo good on tho "Napoleon act," and also gained notorioty as " William Tell." 0 0 » The Empire Company is agoing it. For this afternoon and to-night they announce tho only Billy Speed, Misses Roblin and Brough- ton, soprano and contralto vooaliHts, and Master Joffkins, to whom, on tho oornat, Lovy himself, it is said, is not a circumstance. Tho Dacres wound up a short and vory Buccessfnl (artistically) sooson at Her Majosty's with " Man and Woman," a strong play, which suits thaic talents well. There is every probability of their rotnrning to Sydnoy at an early dato, and playing at anothor theatre. I sincoroly hope thoy will. @3 of tho great events of tho London season lias been tho ro turn of the ono and only Patti to "tho opera stage. She appeared, after about ton years' absence, in " La Travi- ata" at Coveut Gordon on Jane 11\. She was re ceived with won drous marks of 