NO VKL. ' . WA1JM§JI!IL, by ? CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER IX. — (Cootiktjkd.) * Exactly ! that a in case she broke loose, as you say,; but even whenin the'shafts; as she is now, between;, the .levees,' -how'long would it take to sweep a fellow frbm here out into the gulf, providing. nothing interposed toetophimf* ?? 'Matter of simple mathematical calcula tion,' said Ferry, practically. 1 4 They Bay it's an eight-mile current easy put there jn the middle where.' she's . booming. Look. at that'barrel scooting down yonder.. Now,l'd lay a fiver I could out loose from here at reveille and shoot the passeslbefore taps and miles down to the forte.' * Well, then, a skifi like that old Anatole's blaspheming about losing wouldn't take very long to ride over that route, would it ?* said Kinsey, reflectively. 'No, not , if . allowed to '.slide. But sime body'dbe'sure to put.out and haul it in as a prize,— flotsam and what- you-may-oall-'em. You see these old niggers all along here with their skiffs tacking on to »eveiy bit of drift wood that's worth having.' - '.But, Ferry, do you think they'd venture out in such a storm as Sunday last? — think anything could live in it short of a 'decked . ship?1 * _ v ?. . „ Oertalnly notSLnatole's' boat.'' ?:t-Wdli' that's just what I'm afraid of, and what Cram and Reynolds dread.' ' Do thevP Well' ah' fa? AO tYinf Iifnnn'fl concerned, it would have .blown it down stream until it came to the big bend below here to the east. Then, by rights, it ought to have blown against the loft bank. Buti every inoh of it has been scouted all the way to quarantine. The whole river' was filled with drift, .though, and it might have been wedged, in a lot of logs and swept out any how. Splendid ship, that ! Who ia she, do' yon suppose ?' ? The great blaok hall with its lofty tracery of . masts and spars was - now just about opposito the barracks, .slowly majesti oully ascending the stream. - ? ' One of those big British freight steamers that moor there below tho French Market, :1 reckon. They seldom come u£ at night unlessit's in the full of the moon, and even then move with the utmost qautiog. ' See, slowing up now.' ' HeUo ! Listen I What's ithat f ex claimed Ferry, starting to his feet. A distant, ? muffled cry.' A -distant shot. The sentry at the sally-port dashed through the eoboing vault, then bang ! came the lond roar of his piece, followed by the yell of — ' 'Fire! fire! The guard {' With one spring Ferry 'was down the levee j and darted like a deer across the road, Kinsey -j lumbering heavily after. Even as he-sped ..j throagh tho stone -flagged way, the hoarse roar of the. dram at the guard-house; fol lowed instantly by the -blare of the bngle from the ba.tta7 quarters, -sounded the ' stir- ring alarm. A shrill,- agonized, female, voioe was madly screaming for help. Guards and sentries were.rashing to the soene, and flames were bursting from .the front window 'Of Doyle's quarters. Swift though Ferry ran^ others were closer to the spot. -TTirif & dozon active, young soldiers, members -of. the in= fantry guard,- had throng to the rescue;'. . When. Ferry dashed np to the gallery lie waB . just in time to stumble over a writhing and prostrate form, :to help.eztnnff uish. the biasing ?-, ???-. clothing of another, io seize his water-buOket and dpuse lta.-oon^ent^ «ver a j-,third,^— one U - ydlmg,: the. others .stupefied hy smoKe^-^or. ?v.v.v.-. i -some thing. In: Jess time than it fates1 L V Jsl ?£'4.- apTO.^hB^ls^g^r^hades^jan^'^ ? tossed them to iiHe;jparpde benei^^fdumped'; a hoap of poaked ancTemoking bedding out Of ^ the rear windows, splashed a few buoketfuls; of water abont the reeking room, and the fire \- was out. . |Bnt cthe?;dcKjt9rs-.,were-^orking \- ineir best to_ nnngback tiie spark of life to two senseless forms, and to still the shrieks of . agony that burst from the seared and blis \- -tered lip8 ;of Bridget poy|e.r; l-i..-:'. .WhiUe^UinghandsboreitheBesoorohed. \- semblanpes pi .. humanity ^to v^neighboring rooms and;tender-heart^d-w^meni4iyliiedto- aSd their ministering touch, and oldBraitoni . ordered* the ezoited garrison baok to.quarters and ibed,^ he, . withT.Cram /and- Eixifley -and Ferry, ;mado,- pi^mpt ®xaminatiOn ;of. the premises. Qn£he table. two whiskey- botties,; ope einplyr„one nea^iy £ullt)that I3r.: Potts r declared were notthere when he left at bne.! On the mantel a phial of chloroform, whioh ?was -also not- .there^ before. -.-Bat4a to^el soaked with the stiflimr contents lay ou the . floor by, Jim's rade pallet, and ft handker ohiefhalfsuakod, halfoonsumed/was] on the; ohaip Whiob bad stood hy the bedside among, the fragments of an overturned kerosene lamp. ;!A: quiok-; i examination; ef -the^ patients fibpwedthat.Jim^'^thafeegrOihad Jboenchloro formed: and was not Earned' at all, -that - Doyle was«oreroly burned aud' had :ptobably inhaled: iflamea j r'and. that ihV woman was oraaod with. ^nnk^leiTorj and burnfl com bined.- lit took: the /eflorte ,of two ? or three men and the influenoe of powerful opiates to quiet her. Taxed with negligence or com plicity on the part of 'tlie sentry, the sergeant of the ffuard repudiated tb'e idoa, andassnrod oolonel Braxton. :that it was ea ^casy. matter for any ,ono to get d.ther-: in or -out of - tho garrison without encountering -th£ sentry, and, taking his lanterns led the ivay out of the hospital . grounaB, hya wind-t ing foot-path among . 'thB . teees: ^to ft point in the high white picket foaoe where two slats had been shoved aside. Any one - coming along the street without ?ould pass 1 far beyond the ken of the sentry at tho west gate, and slip in with the utmost ease, and once inside* all that was necessary was to' dodge possible reliefs land patrols. No sentry waB posted at the gate through the wall thAt Separated the garrison proper from t'le hos pital grounds. Asked why he had not re ! ported this, the sergeant smiled and said | there were a dosen others juBt as convenient, i so what was the ueef - He did not say, how- j ever, that he and his fellows had reoborse to I them night after night. 1 j It was three odock when the officers' ' | families fairly got settled' down again ani 1 baok to their beds, ud the silenoe «-f night onoe more reigned over Jaokson Banaoks. One would suppose that suok a soene of ter- j ror and excitement Wab enough, and that: now the trembling, frightened women ; might ] be allowed to sleep in peaoe ; but it ^as not | to be. Hardly had one of their number j ojosed eyes, hardly had all the flickering i lights^ Bavu thos^ at the hospital and guards | bourn, been downed again, when the strained nerves of the oocupaMs of the officers' quad- 1 rangle Were jamped into mad jangling once more and all the barracks arbnsed a second time, and this, too, by a woman's shriek of horror. Mrs. Conroy, & delicate, fragile 'little body, wife of a junior lieutenant of Infantry oc cupying a set of quarters in the same] build ing With, but at the opDorite end from, Pieroe and Waring, was found lying1 senseless at the toad of the gallery stairs. 1 ; * ^ 1 ,v i ' When' revived, amid- .and^ tr&tnblin;^s «nd ihobherent extlamatiotis die desla^ed that ?6he' ha3 fgohe ^do wn .to the 'big- .tM-A^it 'lhe| gron&d;' floor to -g^ jsome ^tmlk^for her jnervoua1 and frightened bhlld aiid ★as'hurrr-1 ing tip' 'tho fitairs1 again, --the orily means of 'communication between, the flrst and Second floors, r — when, face to faoe, in !front bf his door, she oame upon Mr. : Waring, or his ghost ; that hts eyes were fixed and glasrty ; that he did not-seem to see her when he spoke for speak he did. ' His voice sounded like a moan of anguish, She 'fcaid, but'the words were distinct : ' Where is my knife ? Who has taken my knife F* And then little Pieroe, .who had helped to raise and carry the stricken woman^toher room, suddenly darted out on the gallery and1 ran along to the d6or he had olosed four hours eariler. ' It' .was open. 8trik ing a matoh, he hiirridd- though Into the chamber beyond, and there, fabe downward ;dpiH the bed, lay his friend and oomrade WariDg,.moaning/lik? onejin the delirium of itever. CHAPTER X. Lieutenant Reynolds was Beated atihis deak at department head-quarters about 'nine o'clock that morning when an orderly in light-battery dress 'dismounted at the .banquette and came. up the. stairs: three, at a ?jump. ..^Captain Oram's compliments,- sir, -and this .is immediate,' he : reported, . as he held forth a note. . . Reynolds tore ;it open, read it through; then said, ,' Go and fotoh |me a cab quiok as you can,' and dis appeared in -the general's room. Half an -hour Liter-. he was spinning down- the levee towards tho Frenoh Market, and before ten .o'clock was seated in the captain's oabin of jtho big British Bteamer Ambassador,, which had arrived, at her ; moorings during the night. Oram and Kineey were, already there, and to them the skipper was telling his story. , Off the Tortngas, just about as they had shaped thoir course for the Belize, they were hailed by the steamer Tampa, bound from New Orleans to Havana. Tho sea was calm .and the boat put off from. the Tampa and came alongside, and presently & gentleman was assisted on board. He seemed weak 'from illness, but explained that he was. 'Lieutenant Waring, of the United States Artillery, had been accidentally carried off to ,soa, and. the Ambassador -wbs the first in ward-bound. ship' they had sighted since orofsing the bar. .He would be most tbank fnl for a passage bsck to New Orleans. Cap tain Baird had welooroed him with the 'heart- iness of a British tar, .and made him. at home in his cabin. The lieutenant was evidently far from well, and seemed somewhat dazed and mentally distressed. He had given no account of his mishap .other than, that told him by the officers of ths Tampa, which had laid to when overtaken by the ;gale on Saturdav night, and on Sunday morning when they resumed their oourae downstream they overhauled alightskiff -and were surprised . to find a r''1 . .aboard, idrenched and senseless. ' The left .side of his ;faoe was badly bruised and discolored, even when he came to us,' said Baird, 'and he muse have beeu slugged and robbed, for his iwatch, his seal ring, and what little money he had were all gone.' . The second officer of tho Tampa had fitted him out. with a clean shirt,' ;and the. steward dried his clothing, as best he could, but the ooat was. stained and ?clotted with blood. Mr. Waring had slept heavily much' of the way baok. until they passed Pilot Town. Then ' he was up and dressed Thursday afternoon, and seemingly in better spirits, when he picked up a copy of the New Orleans Fioayune whioh the pilot had left aboard, aud was reading that, when 'suddenly he started to his feet with an ex clamation of amaze, and, when the captain turned to see what was the matter, Waring .was ghastly pale and fearfully excited over i jsomothinghe hod read. - He hid the paper nndfir his coat and:sprang up on'deok udi spaced nervously to , and fro for ' hoars, and began to grow bo ill, apparently that Oaptain jB&ird; was muoh worried. At night per begged to be put ashore at the barracks in* , jsteaa of going on op to town, and Baud had become so troubled about him that he sent his Seoond officer jn a -gig - with him, 'landed him on the levee opposite the sally-port, and there, shanking inem heartily, bat dehliuing further rasastenoe, Waring had - hurried j 'through the entrance into 1he barrack square. ^Slr. ^fioycej the second offioer, said there was ttonsiderable excitement, r beatiog .of ^rums: and sounding of %bogles, «t ;post,-ias ^they Towed ^^rards fibe jdipra . , ^^Se, did not leara jthe iiauBfe/' Captain 'iBii^/wiw'most^anxibnsi tolearnif the^nltl^xw^Jtiad safely. Ajaohedi iU^dttsfin^aon^ j.-3^m|r^lieS ^but^n achate l-orderii^ ;^oh1d^UtiujCt^ iabjeto pvem .ooherexitiicoouni of Jilmi®tf3 | He .^ula.' tell .'lie ^h^...-be^7 aboard. .' ,thei' 'Ambassador and the Tanipa/ i)ut. that was] ?about|JLv'^' .. V. '. : And then'theylold Baird that what War inp probably saw was Wednesday's -paper with' the -details of :the inquest on the body '--f Losoelles and the ohain.'of evidenoe point-., 'ing. to himself as the murderer. - This caused ihonest Oaptain Baird -to lay.-, ten 'to fonu he wasn't guilty &E;^. five to one heM neverheard pf it till-he got the paper above Pilot - Town'.? 5- Whereupon allj three' /-offioer^ dapped the' |Briton 'on tho baok and shook' him ^by the lhand- nnd-begged his -bompanv ^ dinner at jthe Jsarrabbs aud at' Jfforeans;T audthen, 'while Reynolds -sped to th'e ^polioe-offioe'and ;Kinsey baclr to - Oolonel: Braxton, whom he represented at the interview, Oram remounted ;and, followed by the faithful Jeffers, ' trotted up Rampart Street and: sont-in his oard to Madamo Lobcelles, and . Madame's maid, [brought ; book, reply/ that Bhe was still 'too shookodandstno- en''txj-ecieivevisitors. ^o !also did Madam,ed'Hervil)y'deny heraelf,and Oram rode home to l^ell. 1 It is. n»Bless,* lie aaidi ^he will not see me'.' 'J j ' Then she y shall, see (-me,^\\-v6aid . J^.; ;Oram.' 1 And bo a second time did Jeffors make the -trip to town that day9 .0iis time perohed ^with folded arms in the xumble of^lhe pony phaetoD. ; ... :F. .... ? And while -she ?was gone, the . junior ; doctor was having ths'liveliest experience of his . few Tears -of servioa. - Soorohed and buruod though, Jshe wAs, faoulties eoemedf to; havD::returiiod -withier ;newed aouteness and force. She demanded ;to be taken ..to her ;husbani's side, bat ths | dootor sternly irefuBed. v She demanded to'be 'told bis oondition, but was informed that it waa eo oritioal that ho most not be disturbed, j especially by her, ' who was praotioaUy re sponsible for oil 'his -troubles. Then she in-! sisted on knowing whother lie was -oonsoious 1 and -whether he' had asked ? for a priest, and when informed that Father Foley had already arrived, it required the - strength of four-jnen to hold bet1. ~ She raved tike a mani&o;, and' her faoreams appalled the garrison. But screams and struggles were in vain. * Pills the Less ' 'sent'for'nis sraiior, uid * Pills the Pitil&Bs; ' more than e^er deserved his .name, ^o sent for a strait- j^cket,'saw her securely stowed away in that ' and borne over to 'a; Vdltant Too*n in tiie old hospital j set the bteward's wife on watoh and a sentry at tho door, went .book to Waring*s. bedside, where. Sam lay tossing im burning fever, murmured hii few wpgds of -tantioti;to PUffoo and Ferry, then hastened back to where poor l)ovle was gasping ja agony of mind and body, clinging .to the hand of the gentle soldier of the otosb, gazing piteously into his father ooafessor's eyes, drinking in his .words of exhorta |tion, vet unable to make articulate reply. The names had .-.done their cruel, work; ,Ohly in desperate pun oould he speak agam. ' . It was nearly dark. when Mrs. Oram came [driving book to barraoks,' bringing Mr .Reynolds with her. Her eyes were dilated her eheeks flushed with exoitement, as die sprang from tho. low, phaeton, and, with a 1 murmured-.' Come to mo ss soon aa you can ' j to her husband, Bhe sp&d; away np tne .stairs, | .leaving -him io. receive and entertain her i ipaffienger.; . -j 1 1, too, went to see Madame Lasoelles late j jthia afternoon,' saidReynolds. 4 1 wished to I ishow her this.' F T 7 ] 'It was a o6py ef^deipatoV to theohief [of polios of New Orleans. ; It stated ^n effect j -th£t Phillippe LasoeHes had not been seen or | : heard of 'around Key West' for over two ; weeks. - It was believed that he had gjno to ^Havana. ♦ Can you get word of this to our friend the! detective ?' asked Oram. 'Ihavo wired already. He has gone io Georgia. What I hoped to do was to note the effect of this ,on Madame Lasoellos ; but she was too ill to see me. Luckily, Mrs. Cram ,wa? there, and I sent it up to her. She will tell you. Now I have to eee Braxton/ , And then came a messenger to ask Cram to ; join the doctor at Doyle's quarters at onoe : so he sourriod. up-staira to see (Nell first hand learn her tidings. . ? 'Did I not tell yon V she exolaimed, as he he entered the parloi'. ' Phillippe LasoelleS' was here that very night, and had been seen Iwith his brother^at the office on Royal Street twico before this thing happened, and they . [had trouble about money. Oh,- Imade her ? .understand. - 1 appealed -to her os .& woman to.dowhat she oould to right Mr. Waring, iwho was so generally believed tb be the ?guilty man. 1 told her we had deteotives 'tracing Phillippe and would noon And how and- when he reaohed New Or leans. Finally I showed her the des ;patoh that Mr. Reynolds sent up, and at last 'she broke down, burst into tears, and said she, too, had learned since the inquest that ?Phillippe was with her husband, and pro bably was tbe stranger referred to, that i awful night. She even suspeoted it at the time, for she knew he came not to borrow but I to demand money that was rightfully bis, I and also certain papers that Armand held' ; .and that now wero gone. It was she who f told me of Phillippe's having been seen with Armand at the officc, but she deolared she could not believe (hat he would kill her hus band. I pointed out tho fact thatf Armand had fired two shots from his pistol, appar . ontly, and that no bullet-marks had been found in tbe room where tbe quarrel took place, and that if his shots had taken effeot . j on his antagonist he simply could not have ; been Waring, for though Waring had been : bruised and beaton about the head, the dootor said there was no sign of ,' bullet-mark : about him anywhere. She recognized the truth.of this, but still- she said die. believed ; ithat there was a quarrel or was to be a quarrel between her. husband and Mr. waring. Otherwise I beliove her throughout. I be lieve that, no matter what romance there was about her nursing Phillipe and his falling in love with her, she did not encourage him, did not call him here again, and was true to her old husband. She is simply possessed with the idea that the quarrel which kill edgier husband was between himself and Mr. Waring, and that it occurred after Phillippe ?had got his money and papers, and gone.' * W -e-e-11, Phillippe Will have a hoap to explain when he is found,' was Oram's reply . ,J Now I have to go to Doyle's. He is making some confession, I expeot, to the priest* But Gram never dreamed for an instant what that was to be. ; That night poor Doyle's spirit took its. rflight, and the story of misery he had to teU, partly by eorawling with a pencil, partly, by gesture in reply to question, partly in pain |f ally-gasped sentences, a few-Words at a time, jwas praotioally this, i LaBoelles and his party .did indeed leave him at tho Pelipan .when he [was so drunk he only vaguely knew what was going on. or .what had happened in. the bar* room where they were drinking, but his wife ;had told him the whole story.:-: -LaBoelles wanted more drink, — ohampagne; the bar-, tender wanted to close up. ? They bought several bottles, however, ' aod had them put ;in the -cab^-and Lasoellos was gay and eing-i ing, And, instead of, going directly bon^e, in sisted on -stopping to make a oallron the lady jwhooooupied the upper floor, of the house ? Doyle rested on the levee. Doyle rarely saw ?her, butsbe sometimes wrote. to Lasoelles and .got Bridget to take the letters to him.' She ! was setting her oap for the old Frenohman. ' We called her Mrs. Dawson.' The cabman .drove very slowly through- -the- storm as 'Doyle walked home along with Bridget and some man who was helping, and when they (reached the gate there waa the cab and i Waring in it. The tab- driver was standing !by his horse, swearing at the delay and jsaying be would -charge donble fare. iDoyle had'had -trouble with his - wife for knany years, and renewedi trouble lately: because of itwo visits Lasoellias .hid paid -there, and that eyening.whan-iBhe.ssnt for. him he .was.drink-. ingkin «Waring!s room, 4iad : iboen^drinkiug d^^|i^^^j.^he-$ac6aded more trouble'. , (and^jtwatf hfiTOOlook' :7W^iirig^knif e; jand stall had it,s^ie said, when he Centered the :-gate, and no sooner did iie sied Laseelles at hfs-door jthttn he' ordered him to leave. Lasoelles refosed to go; Doyle knocked him \- down,' andihe Frenohmarisprang up, iswear ; ing vegeanoe. Lasoelles fired twosnots, and [ Doyle stmok onoe,— With the knife,— and ! there lay Dasoelles, dead, before Doyle oould ? know or realize what he was doing. ^ In fact,; |Doyle; never-did know. : It? was -what 'his i wife. had toldhlmj; and Uf e hod been atailhto ihimeyBr rinoe'tbat woman came baok. .fihe ?badblaokmailed him,-mori$or less, 'ever since ! he .got .hiB: ;boTEml8siorir - beoiuse - ol- an old Itroriblehe'dbadin Texas. ! .(To Bb 'pOOTOTrro/),-:': «X.V.. 