NOTES AM 0 NOTICES. A largely attended public meeting, con vened by the acting, mayor, Alderman Stewart, was held on Monday afternoon at the Town-hall in order to consider what public expression of respect and esteem should be j tendered to His Excellency. the Governor prior to his departure from the colony. The proceedings were throughout of the moat J unanimous and enthusiastic character, and as a consequence of this the business of the meeting was settled almost without speech making. It was agreed that His Excellency Bhould be invited to a banquet, and those present were formed into. a general com mittee, an influential committee being also appointed to carry out the details. It appears that many trustees and others have recently deposited money in the Savings banks merely to earn interest pending an investment being found for it, as the other hanks do not give interest on current ac counts. As these large sums deposited for a few weeks or months are practically of little use to either the commissioners or the Treasurer, it has been decided by Mr. Turner to reduce the rate of interest On and after the 1st prox. interest at 2£ per cent per annum will only he allowed on deposits up to £100, so as to encourage -thrift among the poorer classes of the community, and on sums from £100 to £250 interest at 2 per cent, only will he given. In accordance with the rule which has been in operation for some years, no interest will be given on sums over £250. It was determined at the meeting of the , Cabineton Tuesday that Mr. H. H. Hayter, the j Government statist, should retire on a pen sion at the end of next month, and Mr. R. L. J. EHery, the Government astronomer, on the 30th June next. The case of Baron Von Mueller was considered, and it was resolved to continue his services till the end of 1835. These three gentlemen are over the statutory age for retiring from the Government ser vice, which, however, by no means implies in the minds of intelligent men that they are unlit for their duties. It is only in the Government service that long experience counts as a crime. The latest step in educational retrench ment is to rednce the allowance made for conveying children to schools in vehicles, a system which was' introduced to save the cost of establishing new schools. After the 2Sth inst. children between the ages of six and thirteen years, if carried over two miles and a half and under three, will he paid for at the rate of 3d. for each attendance, and if the distance is three mile3 or over at 4d. The allowance hitherto has been 4d. and 6d. re spectively. It is expected this saving will reduce the expenditure of the department by | about £1,000 per annum. Cheap excursions have been arranged as follows by the Railway department for next Saturday Melbourne to Macedon, Wood end, Trentham, and Daylesford, 9.5 a.m.; to Yan Yean and Whittlesea, 1.15 p.m.; Rendigo and Castlemaine to Daylesford, at 8.30 a.m. and 9.30 a.m. respectively. On Wednesday, the 27th inst, an excursion will be male from Hamilton and Branxholme to Portland. Sir John M'lntyre paid his fir3t visit to Maldon this week since his elevation to knighthood, and was toasted by the Bhire president and councillors. Sir John, in reply ing, safd that the distinction of knighthood had taken him by surprise. A letter he had re ceived frbm the Marquis of Ripon had given him much satisfaction. In this tiie Secretary of State said that the distinction was con ferred by Her Majesty for long and valuable service in the colony of Victoria. (Loud cheers.) < After 40 years' public service he claimed j to be one of the most democratic men in the : colony, and the democrats of the colony, from whose ranks lie had sprung, should be proud that he Imd been singled out for honour by j Her Majesty. As was anticipated, the statement of the New South Wales convict, Primrose, that a fellow prisoner had confessed to the murder of the Cook family at Mary vnle, near Ap8ley, in the Western district of Victoria,' in 1874, has proved a fabrication. Inquiry shows that the alleged murderer was in gaol serving a sentence of 14 years' im prisonment at the time the murder was committed. In the supposition that Prim rose was identical with an old Victorian criminal named Edward Evans, Sergeant Nixon was astray. The photograph of Primrose, was sent to Senior-constable Monks, of Avoca, for identification, but it was returned by liirn with the endorsement that it was not identical with the photograph [ of Evans. Senior-constable Monks was well acquainted with Evans, and in 1879 was | shot by bird when attempting his arrest. TheUpolu, which has arrived at Auckland, brings information from Samoa that excite ment has been caused by a large number of boats passing down the coast supposed to belong to the rebels and to be proceeding to Aana to decide on peace or war. A remark able rumour is being circulated in Samoa to the effect that in May seven German war-ships are to arrive with the object of completely subjugating the natives. Dis armament, it is said, will be carried but, and then the Germans will exercise sole control. - The rumour is said to have consular authority. ' A farewell banquet has just been given at Capetown to General Sir William Cameton, to mark the close of his Cape command, ato4 also his retirement from the service. Among those present were Sir Henry Loch, Rear Admiral Sir Frederick Bedford, Commander in-Chief at the Cape of Good Hope station, AVksl flia Xfiniot-iSM fvflnAval alluded to the necessity of increasing the garrison of the Cape. The new naval commandant, Admiral Bridge, is arranging his first cruise. He him self will go, via Hobart, to Auckland. The Katoomba and the Karrakatta will go to Auckland to meet the tiagship, and tactics will be gone through in the Gulf. The Katoomba and Karrakatta are to replace the Royalist and Ringdove in New Zealand waters. After a brief stay at Auckland, the Admiral will visit Wellington and some of the southern ports. In the meantime the Royalist and Ringdove will oome across towards Melbourne, and will be followed by the Admiral some days later. Outside Hon son's Bay the following ships are to meet: —The Orlando, Rapid, Kingarooma, Royalist, Ringdove, Goldfinch, and probably Lisard. On Friday, the Ifith prox., the six shins mentioned are to follow the Rag Into Hon son's Bay. After a stay at Melbourne some of the ships will go on to Adelaide and round to Albany and Fremantle. There has been a good deal of excitement in.India over the supposed arrest of the notorious Nana Sahib. ;A member of the Kaithiawar Agency Polioe discovered him in a temple some 30 mile* out of Bajkdte not long ago. He was disguised as a " fakir," ' bat tbe features tallied so closely with those given in the description of Nana Sahib circulated by Government that the policeman had tbe man stripped of his clothing owl closely examined. Then were found on his body certain peculiar marks which were known to be on the body of the real Nana Sahib. Nana at first seemed terribly scared, and shouted " Saheb, mhaf karo, mhaf kaio, and also stated that he would tell everything. But just, however, as be was about to mokea statement he seemed to recollect bis position, and decided to keep a still tongue. He was for several weeks in charge of the police, and several witnesses from Cawnpore were brought down to identify him. One of the men who is supposed to have served under Nana was on the point of saying (hat he identified the fakir, when lie suddenly stopped himself, and disowned all knowledge of the old man. In this he was followed by the other witnesses, and so, under the dp* cumstances, the police have had to allow the supposed Nana to return to his temple and his asceticism. A singular charge of Wife assault, in which a clergyman was defendant, was heard at Kempsey, N.S.W., last week. The Rev. tt. If. D. Kelly, Church of England minister, was summoned by his wife, Florence. Mrs. Kelly alleged that on the night of February 7 her husband caught her by the throat, and nearly strangled her. She also asserted that at the time her husband hod a .pair of buggy reins in his hands, and threatened she would never leave the room-alive. So terrified was she that she made her escape through a window. The Rev. Mr. Kelly swore that he never committed an assault, though admitting that on Mrs. Kelly's return home Irom a walk that evening he accom panied her into the diningroom, and, after locking the door, demanded an explanation concerning certain reports which readied his ears. His wife refused to give any explana tion, raised a cry of murder, and then made her exit from the house through the window. The police magistrate. found that the case was not proved and dismissed it. Mr. Maskelyne has been telling the public how he first began to dabble in the business of exposing spiritualistic impostures. "It was during my apprenticeship. Adjacent to our place of business there resided a man and woman who professed to effect cures by mesmerism. About that time table- turning became a fashionable amusement, and the Fox family had startled America by a second edition of the "Cock-lane Ghost.' Well, these mesmerists commenced to hold spiri tualistic seances, and one day the woman brought to our shop what she called a surgical appliance to be repaired. It con sisted of two levers, a long one and a short one, each mounted upon a pivot attached to a strap, and connected by a piece of catgnb As you may suppose, I entirely failed to see what kind of surgical appliance this thing could be, and was curious to discover its real use. Having repaired it, I devoted a few minutes to experimenting with it, and found that by buckling the strap of the short lever round the left ankle, and that of the long lever round the leg just below the knee, by press ing the right heel upon a projection at the side of the short lever the long one could be jerked up and made to strike the under side of a table. Accordingly, I booked it as a table-rapping apparatus, and the bill was pent in—' Repairs to table-rapping apparatus, ls.Gd.'" This Mr. Maskelyne, although he thought it smart at the time, admits was an ill-judged move, as the lady was putupon her guard, and no table-rapping was afterwards essayed. One of the most precious sea leg books extant was exhibited at the Merchants' Ex change, Sydney, last week. It was Captain Cook's official log of the cruise of li.M.S. Endeavour, and covers the period from the 25th May, 1768, to the 23rd October, 1770. The book was purchased by Mr, F. H. Dangar and presented to the Sydney Museum. The ketch Candidate, in command of Captain Freeman, when crossing (he bar at Port Macquarie last Sunday, inward bound from Sydney, was struck by a heavy cross-sen, broached to, and capsized. Immediately the accident happened Pilot Kingsford launched the inside lifeboat, and was towed down the harbour towards the wreck by the tug Alert. The latter steamed close up to the foundered Jretch into a dangerously rough sea, where the wreck was drifting about, in order to render assistance and rescue the crew if possible, but nobody could be seen. In the meantime a crowd of people had gathered on the cliffs above the harbour, and the. body of the captain was washed ashore near by, life being extinct, although the body was quite warm. Every effort to restore animation was fruitless. The pilot boat picked up another body, which that of proved to be that of the cook, who was insensible and almost lileless. Dr. Boelke and others attempted to re store animation, but without avail. The tug cruised about in search of the miss ing seamen, but none were seen. There were five on l>oard in all, and the other three bodies were evidently carried out to sea. The ketch was owned by Mr. Nicholas Cain, ot AVaucliope, and was engaged in the timbei trade between Port Macquarie and Sydnpy. "She was insured in the South British Com paoytg»^£800, and was valued at £1,200. A newO&ustrian; polar expedition is being organ&ekby; Herr Julius von Payer, the ex plorer orF/anz Josef Land. Its main object is an art^u* one,: scientific discovery taking secondnyyjank. For this purpose Herr von Payet accompanied by a number oi landscape-'and animal painters and photo giaphejrs, .jvith. whose assistance he hopes to sequre aft artistic representation of the physical features of the eountry. He is having specially built lor the voyage a steamer ot about 200-horse power, which will be manned bv Dalmatian Bailors, under the command oi three capable haval officers. It is anticipated that the expedition will start in June, 1896, and will spend two years in the exploration of the east coast of Greenland. The actual work will begin at the 74th degree of latitude and will extend beyond the 77th degree. Herr von Payer is convinced that ,in this district, with which be is already acquainted, and which he describes as the richest in colour and the most beautiful that can be imagined, artists will receive entirely new impressions of nature which will give a fresh character to landscape painting, There are, he says, 300 varieties of blooming plants in East Greenland, and in the spring; the grass stands 3ft. high. Herr von Payer acknowledges, however, that both artistic and scientific work are rendered extremely diffi cult by the great severity of the olimate. " The almost universal tone of the En«Ushj;| press in commenting ttpoo the tenoe is sympathetic towards the prisoner,;5 chieriy owing to the secrecy withwtyc trial was conducted and the fsilnre^ Government to give any clue to the] to the nature of the evidence. Aeof to the Saturday Renew describes military degradations which he pfi witnessed, and adds* The descn pUoo ^ the ordeal does not look venr formidable. C terrible "ib it, though, that Louis XVIII. ^ ~Ttan'1 irotti inflicting it on Ney, whose sen Pi t n<^ oI'd^radation from the order of the ! &*' °* H°uour was merely read to him in *- his prison. Thiers, who was not tender hearted either to friends or foes, soared it to gOSBel of the Commune; MacMahon to Bazaine. It were well to remember all this ■ before we pronounce upon the justice of Dreyfus's sentence. The secrecy of the pro ceedings should not influence us against a set . of presumably honourable men, all of whom probably have witnessed the ordeal of mili tary degradation, and would, I feel Bure,have i been glad not to inflict it." i The last contribution by the late Mr. R. | L. Stevenson to the Samoan question (now [ again acute) was contained in a private ! letter to Mr. Poultney Bigelow. " I feel," ! wrote Stevenson, " that my cure for Samoa j now is not one likely to please the German Emperor. When my book was written it was still possible to have reconciled Mataafa and Lanpefa. This is now too late. The treaty haB lost all authority with the I Samoans ; they have plunged again into that "j state of declared rebellion and sporadic war which was natural to them from the begin j ning, and which always must be natural to a nation of armed clans. And what I wish I i could hope is that we should pass into the ; hands of Great Britain, our natural and, ! think, on the whcle, salutary end. But _ I fear it would not be easily commended to the Kaiser." • Mr. G. H. Reid seems not disinclined to help the artisans of Sydney with employment I by commencing new Parliamentary buildings, i Replying to a deputation this week he said , the present Parliament House might be I burnt like a lot of old shavings, and the I most valuable library in the southern hemisphere (this from Mr. Reid, who does not read books) was at the mercy of a chance match. It seemed to him a good time to l Btart substantial buildings worthy of the • colony, although not on the scale of j extravagance which Melbourne now j regretted. ! _ Mr. Turner is desirous of havinc some relief ! if possible granted to municipalities, in view of the reduced endowment. He has, therefore, written to the Public Works department, sug gesting that if it knows of any scheme likely to accomplish this object he would be glad to have it submitted to him. Various pro j posals are being considered by the depart • ment, and it is almost certain that one of its recommendations will be the adoption of i the Width of Tires Act similar to the one in operation in South Australia, i In that colony the widening of the tires j has prevented country, roads from being cut i np, and would save a considerable sum in the I future maintenance of main roads in this j colony, if the existing competition between / teamster's and the railways is to continne. I Another proposal is the formation of road | boards, which would have control of the I main roads throughout the colony and f the keeping of them in repair. A third | suggestion, now before the department, i is the exclusion of boroughs and old f! settled shires which have their main roads made from participation in the endowment. This course was advocated by the Minister of Railways when speaking at Warragul last week. A reversion to the harassing system of tolls is not likely to be recommended by : the department, but the proposal which has ; been made to permit municipalities to borrow money to meet existing liabilities on con dition that the loan is repaid in ten annual instalments, is one likely to find favour with the Ministry. The s.8. Tagliaferro arrived in the river ; on Feb. 17 from Western Australian ports, ; | liaving on board 5,000oz. of gold, represent j 1 ing a value, roughly speaking, of £20,000. s As the banks were closed application was . made to the police authorities, and a body of constables were detailed to keep a special watch over the ship. The Very Rev. Prior Vaughan, the builder up of the great abbey and college of Fort , Augustus, in Scotland, who was recently selected by a high ecclesiastical authority to '! be the founder of a new missionary order in England, was a passenger by the R.M.S. ~ ; Austral. He comes to this country charged i > with a special mission. He is a brother of 'i | the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, j j and of the late Archbishop Vaughan of 15 i Sydney. > ! A will case, in which the testator, William ' Beattie Campbell, was the winner of a nig "sweep" prize, is in progress at Sydney. A number of witnesses have stated that Campbell was an intemperate man, but ? i that it was very difficult to tell when he was P 1 f*rnnk- At the time he won the sweep money j; j he was not drinking. The manager of the IBathurst-street branch of the Bank of New South Wales said that Campbell won £9,000, that the bank collected the money, that ; *4,000 was placed on fixed deposit, that £ 1 £4,000 was sent to Campbell at Normunton. 11 and £1,000 was left at call. The testator i appeared to be nearly always drank, and | talked of going to Africa. Witness suggested 11 that he should make a will, and Campbell 11 said that the only person entitled- to the S I money was his wife, and a will was made in N ber favour. 1| . The sequel to a tragic affair at Newcastle i «• January last was unfolded at the Criminal | , Court on Monday, when Ann Gray appeared I 'J. . answer to a charge of having murdered a it. girl named Eleanor Turner. The girl was S .^P'daughter of the accused, who fe#fid always borne an exceptionally good ^-utation. On the morning of the .agedy ^ the deceased, who had been oppdent to the accused, was standing near latter, who was sitting at the breakfast ; In a sudden fit of anger the woman g;*nrew a knife at the little girl, which ** -ntered her breast, and killed her in a tew npntes. After a lengthy deliberation, the — returned a verdict of guilty ot man •ter, with a strong recommendation to The accused was remanded for itence. fr. Henry Varley, the well-known evanga » was in Sydney last Sunday en route for nenca. He preached in the Centenary II and next morning caught the R.M.S. Arawa. A party of fishermen captured eight seals SttJulia Percy Island last week for the Mel jurne Aquarium. Howevpr, seven died fore they could be removed, and only one i conveyed safely to Melbourne. i^Tbe following are the awards to Victorian (mats exhibiting at the Hobart Exhibi JpnWafer-colour Landscapes—Travers, ihd, third, and highly commended. ' Jointings — J. Mather, special and F, Brooke Smith, first; Rolando, E. Mullett, third and highly Figure Paintings—" Too Late/' (being one of the pictures I for competition at the recent exami for the travelling scholarship given trustees of 'the Melbourne Public > first; Loiirelro, seoond; L. Mitchell, Jo, highly oommenaed. Plowera (water colours)—Mrs. Ellis Rowan,first class. The following are the awards to New South Wales artists:—Piguenit, first, second, and third for landscapes in oils; A. Fullwood, first for landscape in water colours. Black and White—Piguenit, first and second. The awards are certificates of the degree named in each case. The demand for some scheme by which the Chief Justices of the various colonies may be j eligible for election to the proposed Federa tion Convention is being naturally pressed by the Queenslanders, who have Sir Samuel Griffith in view. " Imagine (writes one corres pondent of the Brisbane Courier) a new convention in which it would be impossible for Sir Samuel Griffith or Mr. Edmund Barton i to have a seat I think our legislators, all things considered, will, so far from effacing themselves, bring credit on themselves u they refer tbe election of convention repre sentatives to the electors; and, further, if they can discover a way by which the Chief Justice of each colony can be given permis sion to become eligible." The Courier endorses the suggestion. A cable message has been despatched to Colombo with instructions for the arrest of | BrydgesColliver (lately accountant for Messrs. Cuthbert, Hamilton, and Wynne, solicitors), , who is believed to be a passenger on board the R.M.S. Arcadia, homeward bound. The | missing accountant recently applied for a few weeks' holiday to visit the other colonieB, and since his departure irregularities have j been discovered in the firm's books amount ing to about £1,000. Victorian vignerons are alarmed at the j prospect of being supplanted by South Aus tralia in the New Zealand export trade, j which is a certainty if the Kingston-Ward reciprocity treaty comes into force. They have induced the Premier to write to the | South Australian and New Zealand Govern- j ments urging that the treaty may be held in abeyance until it is seen whether anything comes of the present federation movement. | Perhaps it is only human nature that the objection put forward officially is not that the treaty will be hurtful to Victorian wine-; growers, but that it will be " a hindrance to j federation." The committee of the Victorian Maufac turing Jewellers' Association have taken an important step towards making the public acquainted with the different Hall-marks by advertising a description of them in detail. As the members are bound under penalties to I adhere to the association standard, their stamp on Victorian-made jewellery shouldbe- [ come a valuable guarantee. " Peter Lombard" has a story in the | Church Times which, though not quite new, is none the less goodA tripper, meditating I among the tombs in an East Anglian church yard, seeing a venerable individual at work among the graves, said, "I suppose, my man, you are one of the officials of this church?" " 'Ficials, sir? Why, lawk! Ijhardly know ' what I deu be! When Parson Smith come j he say 1 were the sextant. And then Parson ! Jones he come, and he fare to call me the | beetle ; and now Muster Robson be our par son, and he say I'm the wargin." The healthiest spot in the world is said to : be Aumone, a French village containing 40 { people. Twenty-eight of the inhabitants are ; over 80 years of age, and three have passed a century. There are no graves in the local J cemetery, and the oldest inhabitant cannot! remember seeing a funeral. | The impression which the members of the I Railways Standing Committee appear to have j gathered from its visit to the mailee is that j railway construction must be conducted ] there with caution. They say that as soon as a railway is made the population folds up its tents, and steals silently away. Mr. Cameron, the chairman at the meet- j ing last week, congratulated the former committee on having through its efforts caused a railway to be made from Natitnuk to Goroke for so low a price as £1,700 a mile. Mr. Melville, who was on that committee, said he could not understand where the No. 2 section got the teeming evidence it produced as to the necessity for the line, for he saw no settlement and no cultivation, and there was nothing for a rail way to do. " One train a week will carry everything," chimed in Mr. White. "The population goes further and further back as the lines are pushed iorward," said the chairman. Then -the committee fell into a chat, half humorous and half Bad, about the crowd of personB who turned up at every stopping-place to welcome the old committee, and the suspicion was hazarded that it was the same crowd every time, who took short cuts across the country. How ever that may be, the committee fears that the malle£^-popul&tion; has a dangerous vanishingcapacity whenjreight for the lines is required, and it is pyobkbje that some ear marking system willbe insisted on when nejrf the corhmittee goes oh'iynn:. Tlie action by the'? Bank of. New South Walek against the Princess's* Theatre Com pany Limited was practically decided before the Chief -Justice in'Jlie Supreme Court on Monday. In June, 1891,- 4,998 shares in the defendant company were lodged with the bank by Arthur Garner as security for his private indebtedness to it, subject to a prior | charge by the defendant company. In j January, 1893, the defendant company pur-! ported to forfeit the shares for the alleged j non-payment of certain money by Garner, the result of which would be to destroy the j value of the bank's security and the action was brought to have it declared that the I forfeiture was invalid, and that the I plaintiff bank was entitled to dividends. 1 When the matter came to be argued, it waB found that there was really no defence as to the forfeiture of the shares, which was clearly invalid, and that the only points re maining to be determined were tbe amount, if any, of the defendant company's charge on the shares at the present time, and of the j dividends to which the plaintiff bank is en titled. The case waB adjourned to enable bis information to be lurnished to the j Court. Fresh proceedings have been commenced i by Walter Seton Synnot, of Melbourne, for I a divorce from his wile, Lucy Emily Nixon ] Synnot. The petitioner brought a suit against his wife laBt year on the ground of desertion, but it was held to be barred by a deed of separation that had been executed by the parties. He is now bringing a second suit on tbe ground of adultery, which he { alleges was committed by his wife with divers persons who are unknown to him at Canning-street, Carlton, between July, 1884, and February, 1885, and at St. Kilda in the j latter part of 1894. Mr. Topp appeared before Mr. Justice Hood in chambers on Monday in Bupport of a summons by tbe respondent1 for further particulars of tbe acts of adultery alleged against her. All the charged, he said, l were utterly denied by Mrs. Synnot, who said they were a monstrous fabrication. Since the separation she had Bpent most of her time in England and America, and it was most material that more precise dates j should be given. Mr. Duffy, for the petitioner, J said it was only since the first trial that infor mation of his wife's misconduct liaareacfiea the petitioner, and he was not yet in a posi tion to give further names and dates. Mr Justice Hood ordered the petitioner to roake an affidavit within 48 hours that he could not give further and better particulars of tne alleged acts of misconduct in 1881 and looo ; that he should communicate any particulars that he might hereafter obtain to the respon dent within 48 hours of so obtaining them, or be debarred from proving them at tne trial : and that particulars of the miscon duct alleged in 1894 should be supplied within 14 days, or the charge struck out. William Strathmore Judd, formerly secre tary to the Country Fire Brigades hoard, who pleaded guilty recently at the Melbourne General Sessions to three counts of larceny as a servant of moneys belonging to his em ployers, was brought up for'sentenceon Mon day before Judge Hamilton. The moneys he was charged with stealing were three sums or £3511s., £6317s. 4d., and£48 lis. respectively. In August last Judd was sentenced by the Chief Justice to two years and three months imprisonment for stealing £67 10s., the property of the B&me; board. Judge Hamilton said he was very much em] barrassed in this case. He did not know the reason of the Bevere punishment passed on the prisoner by the Chief Jnstice in August last. It was a long and severe sentence. He did not know why the present case could not in some way have been brought before the Chief Justice instead of being reserved for him. What embarrassed him was whether he should sentence the pri soner to an additional term or whether he shonld make the sentences concurrent with the one the prisoner was now undergoing. In such a position he thought the judge should lean to mercy. He therefore sen tenced the prisoner to 12 months in gaol, tne sentence to be concurrent with the one he is now undergoing. Special facilities will be afforded by the Railway department to induce residents in the country districts and intercolonial visitors to attend the test cricket match, England v. Australia, as well as the \ ic toria Racing Club's Autumn Meeting at Flemington next week. The cricket match will be commenced at the M.C.C. ground on Friday, March 1, and the race meeting begins on the 2nd, and will ex tend over the 5th, 7th, and 9th. Return tickets at holiday excursion fares are to be issued to Melbourne by all trains from the 28th inst. to March 9, and will be available for return journeys till Monday, March 11, inclusive. Special return tickets will be issued at Sydney at £3 first class and £2 second class for the express trains leaving on the 27th and 28th inst., and will be available for return by ordinary trains until March 11. Tickets at single fares for the double journey from Adelaide to Melbourne will he issued between February 27 and March 5, and will be available for return up to and including March 13. With reference to the complaint that an expert has not been appointed to the Rail way Inquiry Board, the Premier stated on Thuredayjthat he did endeavour to secure the services of an expert as chairman. ^ He wrote to the Premier of New South Wales asking that Mr. Eddy might be permitted to take a seat on the board, and although the reply was unfavourable he again while in Hob&rt; spoke to Mr. lieid, but again unsuccessfully, on the Bubject. Mr. Turner said he also wrote to the Queens land Government requesting ^ that Mr. Mathieson, chairman of the Railway Com missioners of that colony, might be allowed to act, but this could not be arranged. Mr. George Withers, local superintendent of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navi gation Company, has received ad vice from the company's directors by mail that they have contracted for the construction of two large newsteamersof the Caledonia type, by Messrs. Caird and Co., of Greenock, and Messrs. Har land and WoJff, of Belfast, the tonnage to be of 7,500 and 8,000 tons, and both to be of great horse power. The Minister of Public Works on Thursday decided to grant the severance of a portion of the Yackandandah Shire, in the Tawonga distriot, and to annex it to the Bright Shire, but he declined to sanction the proposed severances from the Benalla and Oxley shires and the annexation of the territory to the Mansfield Shire. Mr. Justice Hood on Thursday gave an emphatic warning against the abuse of the provision in the Divorce Act, which allows the petitioner in a divorce suit to sue in formd pauperis upon obtaining the perroia aion of & judge* l/he effect of such permis Bion is to avoid the payment of any court fees. The judge may assign counsel to assist I the pauper, but the rules are strict that no practitioner shall himself accept fees from the pauper. Mrs. Sarah Jane Kendrick applied to sue in formd pauperis, and filed an affidavit, which she said had been prepared by Mr. W. T. C. Kelly. Mr. Justice Hood said hem tended to consult his brother judges on this subject, but whatever they might do he proposed in such cases to assign counsel, apart altogether from the person first consulted. He had heard very curious rumours as to the way in which these things had been done, and he intended to stop it if be could. In the present case he would consider whom he should appoint, and would let the applicant know next morning who would be acting for her. Speaking at the luncheon in connection with the Penrith agricultural show, Mr. G. H. Reid, the Premier, said that he was subjected to a great deal of criticism. All he wanted was a time trial of 12 months. If he did not redeem the pledges he had made within 12 months all he could say was that there would be a big smash somewhere. He tried to emulate the horse that came at the finish, and did not try to make too big a spurt at the start. He could assure them that the pace would get hotter and hotter from the present time to the middle of July, until the last man in the country who doubted his sincerity would have to say, '•He is coming after all at the right time." The Premier of Tasmania has entered a protest against the reciprocity treaty between South Australia and New Zealand. He agrees with Mr. Turner that it will hinder Australasian federation. Sir Edward llraddon has also written to the Premiers of South Australia and Victoria asking if they are dis posed to re open the reciprocity negotiations conducted some time ago but broken off, as inopportune. An employe named Robert Bell, who sued the Tramway Company for £500 for damages sustained while working for tbemus a grip nutn« was non-suited on rather singular grounds on Thursday. It appears that by' the agreement they sign on entering the ser vice employes contract that if they are injured when working or have any ®'wm against the company, such matter ahall be referred to the manager ot tbe oompany, who shall be sole judgeof th| matter, and determine whether the employe is entitled to payment I or compensation. The agreement also states that the decision of the manager shall be final and conclusive, and shall be a condition precedent to the right of the employe to maintain any legal proceedings against the company except on the award of the manager. No formal application to the manager having been made the Court decided against the plaintiff without going into the merits of the case. H.M.S. Pylades, Commander H. R. Adams, arrived from Plymouth on Thursday. She is a sister ship to the Royalist, at present on the Btation, except that Bhe carries a more modern armour and is better rigged. She takes the place of the Cura^a. Commander Adams was formerly on this Btation in the Brisk. The Pylades was com missioned on October 15, 1884, and steamed about fifteen thousand knots.Theonly incident during the voyage was that a seaman named Scobie fell overboard and was drowned when passing through Banks Straits on the way to Thursday Island. 1 An extraordinary revelation, which inquiry jhows is quite accurate, has been made in a letter to The Argus signed " Anti-jobbery ":— ' It was with great pain that I heard :he civil service spoken of as a * Benevolent Asylum,' seeing that there are many hun ireda of conscientious, hard-working, and capable men to be found in it, but what is >ne to think when he sees 'Jack' Gardiner. ;x-M.L.A. for Carlton, perched on a stool it the Railway department, in the engineer n-chief's branch, on the pay-sheets of which lepartment he has been Tor some weeks? Jver one hundred eqginfera, draftsmen, Jerks, &c.;, have been dispetjalecj with from shis branch - within the last Wvojfears, and tor what? Apparently to roakefjOpm for a tnan who was the laughing stock'oJP me com munity while jn Parliament* vLet ,-ys hope that one of the first recommefldatidttsiof tne lew board of inquiry will be—g^t rip of a Minister who allows hi9 <«Jeparttneht to be nade an asylum for Captain George Neville, who is to com mand the naval branch of the Victorian Defence Force, arrived on Thursday by the R.M.S. Austral, and was met on landing by Commander Kiugsford as representing the tiavy, and Colonel Penno on behalf of the and forces, and welcomed to Victoria. The lew naval commandant is a man of medium ' ieight and about 45 years of age, though he 1 looks much younger. This is not his first visit to Melbourne, as he wis a cadet on ihe Galatea when she visited these waters vith the Duke of Edinburgh on board in 1867\. Captain Neville has other ties with die colony too, his wife, formerly Miss Lloyd-Jones, being a Victorian. Captain ■ Neville, while disinclined to Bay much >n the present position of defence matters here, of which he has heard by rumour only, by no means shares the view that the laying up of the gunboats as suggested makes bis post a sinecure. lie takes the view held by most naval men that we must look mainly to the Australian and [ Auxiliary lleets to do our outside sea fight ing in tne event of hostilities occurring, and that as our local vessels are mainly forj harbour defence it makes very little differ ence whether they are laid up or at anchor in Bobson'a Bay. The New Zealand Premier seems decided in his intention to kick against further labour legislation. Inreplyingtoadeputationfromihe Wellington Trades and Labour Council, who pointed out the depression prevailing among boiler-makers, Mr. Seddon said New Zealand waa more of an agricnltural than a manufac turing country, and if there was a glut in the j market of certain artisans, then the latter1 must look for some other sort of employ inent It would not be lair to expect the Government to provide for them. The Government could not be expected to legis late for one class only. At the Thames (New Zealand) a man named Edwin George Boxall has been sentenced to one month's imprisonment for ill-treating a child two years of age. Boxall beat the child severely about its hind part and legs, causing the blood | to flow. He then rubbed the injured parts with painkiller, keeping the child in front of a fire until the bliBters came out | The brute then rubbed kerosene on the parts affected and placed the child in bed, where it had to remain for three week6. He threatened to cut the throat of his wife it she said any thing about the matter. One Andrews, a professed advocate of " murder, incendiarism, and rebellion," was sentenced to the very merciful penalty of five months' imprisonment in Sydney this week. At the time of the late shearers' outrages Andrews circulated pamphlets setting forth that a unionist labourer had a right to shoot down a squatter, and propounding other precious theories of the same kind. In court he was obliging enough to inform the judge I that if the oountry were precipitated into civil war he should feel it his duty to take sides with the working classes, a sentiment which the Bench passed over in silence, probably failing to see that it had anything to do with the matter in hand. 