A SHORT STORY TRANSFORMED. T TAUT II.' j BX EM.A CUEI;VI:II GOODWIN. j iI " Then you ait not iieijuaintecl wita uana; aaiu Dexter, tiisappuiiiieu. A rtliade pasted uvcr tain face. '• No, 1 nai uot acquiiinteU with Cclia Adoiugion. I have not Been her since she waa A cMld," replied ho, in a low tyrie. "IJucyou saw her ihen !" cried l)-xter, with joy HC tais new boud Uotwteu tueui. " You will be interested to know bow lovely she it) now, and wili let) me tulk to you about her, will you not 1 She will ateru nearer to me, and not BO utterly lost, if I may." " Ytp, yea 1" Baid Mr. Eilison, eagerly. " Tell me all you know of lier !" Then he looked searchingly at him, and suddenly held out Ilia hand, and said earnestly, You love her. I will do all in my power to help you unravel tbe mystery that separateayou. Dixter prceaed. faia band warmly, and found, Borne way, a little comfort in the words. As Mr. Ellison did not explain further in regard to his acquaintance with Jerome AddingtOD, Dexter forebore to question him. But after this the talk betweon them was always of Celi'%. Tbe cider man eeemed never I I weary of listening, any more than the younger was of talking. But neither could find a clue to the enigma of her strange decision, " I do not believe tho reason is a real one, though she, poor child. bil:eves it to be," Mr. Ellison eaid many times. ''It is something he has made her think—though what— or why " And here he would fall into a reverie, and a dark frown would come over his face. He advised Dexter, however, to ascertain Mr. Addingtou'd whereabouts, if possible; and, although the young man could see no good which would result if be learned them, since Celia had declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to his father, requesting him to find out where the Addingtons had gone if he oould, or any guide to their present abode. Having despatched this letter, ho grew eo impatient for a reply that be could hardly wait the necaseary interval. As little hope as there seemed in any event lbc fact of knowing just where Celia was would bring her a trifle nearer to him, sincc it was better then nothing to be certain of her whereabouts. Lie was doomed to disappointment, however. His father replied promptly, nnd placed that he bad found and q leetioued'-Mr. Adding ton's lawyer, but that he baid he wits unacquainted with his former clout's present place of residence ; that be had at firat gone to New York, but had afterward moved from that city, since when all business relations had ceased between them. Mr. Hartwick added to his own opinion that the lawyer's manner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington, for some rea- EOD, did not wish it generally known where he had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his friend. " As I thought," the latter remarked, when he had read it. "Jerome Addington fears you, and has taken precautions to prevent your following him, should you wish to do HO. He is determined to keep you and Celia apart. Bit do not be discouraged, my dear boy. We will find him out yet." " But how 2" asked Dexter. Mr. Ellison reflected. "I think I will write to thi3 lawyer," he replied, at length. "It is probable Mr. Adoiegton's instructions related particularly to those who might have any connection with you. If I, a stranger from a distant city, write to him, I may obtain some information." " And if you do asoertain where she ig, whit then V' asked Dexter, wistfully. Mr. Ellteou laid his hand on bis Bhoulder as he responded kindly:— " We will be guided by circumstances. I have a plan which I will disulose when the proper time shall come. Until wc have tried do not despair." His asEured manner made Dexter feel a little hopeful. " How can I ever repay you if you should be the means of giving my darling back to me?" he cried with an outburst of feoling. Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmatical look which Dexter could not fathom. Yet it some way seemed to add to his confidence in his new friend's power. The letter was written at once, and Dexter had just dropped it into a post-offioe box, and was about to cross the street, when his heart suddenly stood still, then beat again in heavy shumpa. i^or, walking slowly along on the opposite side of the street, he saw Mr. Addington and Celia 1 Neither observed him, and Dexter gazed again on that dear face from which the former warm color had gone, and could see how melancholy had changed places with the old mischievousness in her dark eyes. A horse a head in close proximity to his own roused bim to a sense of his environ ments, aud, stopping not to hear the curses of tbe driver, Dexter rushed across the street, and followed on after Celia and Mr. Addington, keeping, however, at a safe and cautious distance. His heart bled at the ravages the past few months had made upon her he loved so well, and notwithstanding tbe air of devotion which was apparent in M;'. Addington, Dexter felt haired toward him as the cause. But he was surprised at catchiag a look of questioning fear upon Celia's face once when she turned it toward Mr. Addington. He had never before seen anything but confidence and affection in her regard. What could it mean 1 Was it a sequence of the mystery ? He followed them until they turned into a side street, then stood at tbe aoruer long enough to mark the house at whioh they entered; after which he hurried back to Mr. Ellison's place of business, and hurriedly and somewhat inoohereutly informed him of what had happened. Mr. Ellison's excitement was as great as his own, but he calmed himself with an effort. "Fortune has favored you f my boy," he said, with a tender lingering upon the last two words. " Now will you trust me and take my advice ?" " Yes," was Dexter's eager reply. " Then go—the sooner the better—and demand of Mr. Addington, as your right, a reason for Celia's abrupt dismissal of the man whom she promised to marry. " I will," said Dexter, firmly. " Good. I will go with you.'' " You surprised. " Yes. I think I may have some influence with Jerome Addington." Dexter felt a strength at this assurance which he had not before, although he understood so little , what , he meant \----- , , That afternoon they both stood together at j the door of the present horue of Celia. An elderly woman answered their ring, whose j faoe indicated suspicion and ill temper, bae i bad been selected to take old Mavgarefs place ; for these very charactenst.es, probably, thou-ht Dexter. She eyed Ibem sullenly ! as she informed them that Mr. Addington. was r:ut. „ I " W e will go in and wa.t until be returns, I said Dexter, quietly, and pushed his way by net•tarough tUe Ua'.f open do.ir. Mr. Ellison , followed, and they both stepped into the j parlor. • Wei!," snarled the woman entering after j them, " perhaps I d better send for a police- ; man. lou cawe iuto the house more like, thieves than honest men. I tell you my master is out, aud I don't know when he will be in." " You can watch us, if you are afraid of our stealing anything," said Dexter. " But we intend to wait here until Mr. Addington returns." " What'a your business ?" f.he demanded. " Oiir business is with ?<lr. Addington," eaid Mr. Ellison, calmly. The woman glared at tliero, muttering something, then fiuuuced out aud left tneru. The two men exchanged a look, but neither I sooke. Dexter leaned again?.t the pinno, and ! Mr. EllieoD, after walking about nervously, | seated himeeli m a low cnair in a uui uci where he happened to stop. He had hardly done co when Mr. Addington stepped in at the door and slopped on the threshold, his face paling as his eyes fell on Daxler. The back of t, iiiigg arm-ohair screened Mr. Elli- Bun from his view. " It is you, then, is it ?" said Mr. Addington, as eoon ay he could recover himself enough to ppeak. Then ho carefully closed the <i«or, am!, Ktaoain;; before it with folded arms, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised hate, as he went on: You have come to persecute my nitce, I suppose. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpless girl! But you will find it is I with whom you will have to deal, not her." " I have not come with the purpose of persecuting any one," returned Dsxter, steadily, and not shrinkiug under the gaze of the other. '' It was accident alone which brought to my knowledge tbe fact of your presence in this city. But I am not saiified to be dismissed as I have been without the lea3t explanation. I know Celia loved me even when Bhe Bent me away. l"'or her sake—to spare her pain—I went. Bat cf you I demand the reason which caused her to do as she did. 1 am not willing to submit without knowing all, b3cause the happiness of my life 13 involved." Mr. Addington regarded him intently without answering, and appeared to be debating within himself. Finally he asked,— " Will you be satisfied and leave us alone if I give you a full explanation ?" " If the facts justify it." As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed gently open. " Do not come in," he cried abruptly, but too late. Celia had seen Dexter, and leaned against the door palo and trembling. There was anguish axd reproach in tbe eyes f-be allowed to rest on those of her lover. He, no less moved, had dilliculty in restraining himself from going to her and clasping her in hiB arms. Mr. Addineton stood irresolute, gnawing his fingers. No one noticed Ellison, who still remained conccaled behind tbe chair in his accidental seclusion. Celia was the first to break the siience. " It was cruel to us both to come, Dsxter," said she, pitsouely. " I told you there was no hope. Ah ! why will you make it so hard— eo hard?' Iler voice broke and she burBt into tears. At this Mr. Addington said sternly,— " You Bee, young man, the misery your presence causes. That this scene may not be repeated, I will accede to your demand. Cdlia, dear, he came to iusist upon knowing everything, and 1 now think it best that he should." HiB tone changed to gentleness aa lie addressed her. Endeavoring to suppress her sobs, she replied,— "You wished the secret kept, and so, too did I. But I—I think he has a right to know." At this Mr. Addington turned again to Dexter. " It is a painful disclosure," he commenced with a harsh, grating sound in his tone; " I yield to its being drawn froui me that she need be no longer troubled by your solicitations. To be brief, my brother's wife, Culm's mother, died a victim to hereditary insanity, which lor generations hud never failed in ics prey. In a sane imefva! bufure her death she made me promise thai h?r daughter should never marry, but chat the turse mi^ht end with her. You know now why I tried to guard her by strict exclusion from the possibility of a love affair. 1 ' Dexter stood mute with horror. He saw that Celia was right -, that the barrier between them was indeed i:uptt?.sabl<j; but worse even than Ehac was the i!Kiu;;ht of such a fate hanging like a Huspemiid sword above the head of the womuu he loved. He forgot Mr. Ellison. auu everything except that reznors6< lees hand of destiny. " You understand now, Dsxter, how wrong we were to love," said tbe plaintive voice oi Celia. Her faoe was hidden in her handkerchief. A stillness followed the words. " Why have you told her this story, Jerome Addington i" It was a strange voice to two there tiiat broke the silence,arid Celia looked upscartled to see a gray head rising behind iha large arm-chair. She gave a cry of surprise aud fright, but surely she had no reason to fear the look she met, which was kind almost to tenderness, and protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr. Ellison's presence, looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the tffn.ct of this sudden apparition of an unsuspected fourih in the interview was strangely marked, lie started back, and then, as his eyes searched the face, recognition came into bis own, and he stared at him appalled, as if be had seen a ghost. 1 see you remember _ _ me, although _ it is j many yeaJ 6 s; ncu Wc have met", "and D l have . changed much since then, : ' baid Mr. Ellison, | quietly. "I had not intended to plav the listener here, bus, aa it eo happened 1. took advantage of the < ircumstancHS. Had you faithfully discharged your trust, you would have had no reason to iear me as you do now." Mr. Addington bad lost every partiole of eelf-possession. He cbat a feuitul glance around, and his eyes were full of auguish as they rested on the wondering C«Iia. " I thought you were doa^i long ago, Amos Ellison," he stammered. " Wiiy have you come to interfere now? liamtmber your promise." When Ju'r happiness is at stake, that promise is nothing,' wus the decided reply ; and Mr. Ellison came and stood in the centre of ' room. " Was not the B;ierilice all for her welfare?" he continued. " You have made it necessary that she t-hould know the truth now. Why you have done as you have, I do not know, unless it is for some reason so monstrous that I shrink from believing it." Mr. Addington's bead dropped, and the perppiration started out of his temples. Mr. Ellison turned from him to Celia, and continued ia a different tone,— "My child, will you try and think as kindly as possible of the revelations I have to make to you ? Bo prepared for a great surprise. I must first say a few worris about myuelf. I have all my life been an unfortunate man. I grew discouraged finally, aud after my dear wife died, rather than allow my child to be involved in the f»tc which seemed mine, 1 gave her to anothsr—p. rich roan who could lescue her from the life of toil Mje would have had with me, and give her the advantages I knew well I myself never CJUM obtain for her. My own feelings I put a^ide for her sake, and bore patiently the sorrow of hei lose. Celia, vou are tuat child, and I am your father." Celia cast a bewildered glance around, and then something in her heart responded to the t in Eii iB011' d ev E8, and ahe went to jj,^, j a n l p I a ; , u h a v e e c u l e t o m e . m y f ath cr " she said gently Mr Ellison's face was trau-fi^ured as he out hifJ arais rouni , )ur. Something oi the look wa3 rt. flectea in Dester*, who now seemed to Bee a glorious gleam of light breakir,;; through tho clouds. All the truth dawned upon him, it had not yet upou Ce!ia. , d(J not itQ , ee how it aU { „ flai(lj attor mommi of sil^ee. " You tre my fBther_ tbell you must be mv uncle's W liber'" Sae , oobed it3(, uirin^Iv at Mr. Addington, but he did not k ol. J. la!1C;J .. D;) you uodernUrJ, dear/' said Mr. '^^ >n. Mr. Ad;liu_'ion ia " " Stop !" commanded Mr. Addington. Toe pupils of his eyes dilated so that the whole eye seemed black. " L-et me be the one to tell her. That right 1 will have. Celia have I ever b?eu anything hut kind to you ?"' " Never —never, dear uncl-j,"' replied the astonished girl. " Tnen for the sake of the affection which ha« evr-r exi-ted between us, you can perhaps try an:l forgive the wton^ L havs done yo^i — yes, for I have done you wrong. Lisreu, Celia. Many years ago, when I wad coinparitivelv a young man, I was deoeived aud betrayed by the woman I loved. Tuis caused me to nete ana aeapise tbe wbole Bex. let 1 needed affeotion, and I took a fancy to take some child and bring her up to be true and sinoere, as I believed other women were not. Chance thraw me in the way of your father, Celia, a struggling, half frantic man, and yon became mine. " As years went on, you grew dearer and dearer to me, as a child of my own might have been. My love was pure and honest then. But when you came back from school, and I saw you in the beauty of your womanhood, and knew you to be all 1 had hoped, my ideal woman, then, Celia, I remembered I was not your uncle, and loved you with a different love." At these words Celia shrank back close to her father, and covered her face with her bands. She comprehended now the looks of his which of late had surprised and frightened her, and in her outraged feelings forgot for tbe moment the Bhadow which his revelation had romoved. " I loved you, Celia, with the passionate love cf a man wbo might have bad the right had not you believed him to be your uncle," went on Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Dexter with horror. " In my jealousy, I kept you seclud d, as I thought, from the chance of any lover, and I was already planning to win you to regard me in a different light from what you did, when I discovered in one ter- rible moment that my precautions had been in vain, and you loved. In my agony I resolved to separata you from him at aU hazards, and I did. I meant, when your lanoy for him had gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell you the truth—that my brother's wife died insane, but was not your mother, and that I loved you." Involuntarily, Celia raised her eye?, shining with the gladness of the few words which had momentarily blotted out all the others, to those of her lover, that responded with the same joy. Then Bhe remembered Mr. Addington. A shadow crossed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, then she said, falteringly.— " Uncle—let me call you uncle ptill, for I can never think of you otherwise—for the sake of all that has been, I forgive you the suffering that you have caused, and—and— pity you." " My punishment ia severe," he returned huskily. " Some time the remembrance of those words will comfort me, but now I can only remember that I have lost you. That is penance enough for a thousand heavier sins than mine. Try and think of me as I was. I leave you to those who have the tight I have forfeited." Giving her a last look so full of wretchedness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of the room and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyes as she gazed after him. "I have no uncle now," she murmured sadly. Then she threw her arms around Mr. Ellison's neck. "But I have found a father!" "And I—am I nothing?" asked Dpxter. " You are my son now," said Mr. Ellison, and placed Celia's hand in his. She smiled through her tears, and her face flushed as it had not lor many a day, as Dexter took her from her father's arms and drew her to his heart. The clouds which hung over tbem passed away, and the bright sun was shining. ( Concluded.') Several deaf persons in a Massachusetts rural community are circulating a petition praying the Legislasure to give them a hear- Parson—" Where's your pa, Johnny t" JUHJIKY-" Well, I ain't goin' to lieabout it. He's been experimentin' with one of these yere parachute things like the man dropped out'n the balloon with the other day : and last time be tried usin' ma's umbrel' and coine down in the well. I ain't got the courage to go an' see if he's got hold of the han.lle. Geelong mamma—" You can't toast that cheese, Dot, it's too old." LITTLE DOT—" Well, it don't know muck if it is old." " Don't know much ?" "No; jest as soon as it begins to feel the fire it jumps right into it." " Yes," said a convalescent and classic patient, " even the Greeks suffered with the ill-I-a-1." " Possibly," remarked the doctor, " asyour complaint was rather odd-I-see." Nothing will put murder into a man's heart quieter than to unsuccessfully try to open a refactory car- window for a pretty girl, and have a man about two sizes bigger thau he is, step across and open it almost without an effort. If you must do as the Romans do when you are in Rome, you should do as the Milliners do when you are in Milan. "My dear" said a husband, gently rousimr his wife—the lady was dangerously ill— *' Mrs. DeHobson called a little while ago and left her love aud sympathy for you. She seemed deeply nfiected. " John." said the sick lady in a very weak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed hei eyes. " what did she have on ?" " Papa, what does E pluribus unum mean?" It means ' one of many,' my son." " Well, papa, as you have many children, ain't. Ian E nluribus unum?" Mother—" Who has been drinking tbe milk ? Tell the truth now 1" JOHN—It was me. I wanted to see if it was sour." MOTHER—" Well, what if it WK!" JOHN—*'\vhy I wouldn't have drank it, then." 