SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of "Lady Andley'a Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XI. THE HASTEE OF DrSCOMBE. Mrs. Wornook's frank revelation of her girliah love and self-sacrifice lifted a burden from Allan's heart and mind. He had been interested in her, and attracted towards her from that rammer noontide when he etndied ber thoughtful face in the village Church, and when be lingered among the villagers' graves tohearher play. His sympathy had grown with every hour he spent in her society, and he had been deeply grateful for the friendship whioh had so cordially included him and the girl he loved. It had been very painful to him to believe that this tweet-mannered woman belonged to the fallen ones of the earth, that her graoes were the grace* of a Magdalen, moat painful to think that she was no fitting companion for the girl who had so readily responded to her friendly advances. The olond was lifted now, and he felt ashamed of all his past doubts and suspicions. He respected Mrs. Wornook for her refusal to meet his father in the beaten way of friend- . ship. He was touched by the devotion whioh had brought ber creeping to bis windows under the aovur of night to look upon the face of her beloved. He resolved that he would do all that in him lay to atone for the wrong his thoughts had done her, that he would be to her, indeed, asaseoondsoo, and that he would cultivate hereon'* friendship in a brotherly spirit. He stopped in theoorridoron the mnrning after that interview to study the porttaitof the young man whose likeneea to himself had now resolved itself into a psychological mystery, and he could but see that it was a likeness of the mind rather than of the fleah, a resemblance in character and expression far more ' than in aotu&l; lineaments. "He is vastly my superior in looks," ihought Allan, as he etndied the lines of that baldly limned faoe. "He has his mother's finely chiselled features, his mother's delicate ool&v;'ring. There is a shade of effeminacy, other wise the face would be almost faultless. And U' mistake this face for that! Absurd!" mubteiod Allan, oatohing the reflection of his sunburnt forehead and strongly marked nose . and chin in the Venetian glass that hang at right angfr* with the picture. He heard the organ while the footman paused with his hand on the door, waiting to announce the visitor. The simple music, tha weaker touoh, told him that the pupil was playing. " Please don't atop, he cried as he went in. " I want to hear if the pupil is worthy of her mistress." Mrs. Wornock came to meet him, and* Suzette went on playing, with only a smile and a nod to her sweetheart. "She is getting on capitally. She is an enthusiast about music,"announced Mi.-«. Wornock. "How dated you are looking this morning." * " I have good sews. My son is on his way home." " I oongratulate yon." " He is coming home for his long leave. I •hall have bim for nearly a year." "How happy yon shall be. 1 have just been studying his portrait." , " You are so like hiiu." "Oh, only a rough copy—a charcoal sketch an- coarse paper—nothing to boast of," said Allan, with a curious laugh. He was watohing Suzette, to see if she were interested in the expeoted arrival. She played on, her eyes intent alternately upon the page of musio in front of her and upon the stops which aha was learning to use. There was no \- stumbling in the notes, or halting in the time. She played the simplelegato passageBsmoothly and carefully, and seemed to pay no heed to < their talk. Allan would have been less than human, perhaps, if his first thought oa hearing of Geoffrey's return had not been of the influence he might exercise upon Suzette—whether in him she would recognise the superior and more attractive personality. "No," he thought, ashamed of that jealous fear whioh was so quick to foresee a rival. "Suzette has given me her heart, and it must be my own fault if I oan'i keep it. Women are our superiors, at least in this, that they are not so easily caught by the modelling of a face, or the rich bott»s of a oomplexion. And shall I think so msanly of my sweet Suzette as to suppose thai my happiness _ is in danger because some one more attractive than myself appears upon the soene? When we spend oar first season in .London as man and wife, she -will have to rati the gauntlet of all the agree- able men in town, soldiers and eailorB, aotors and painters, fnjfenuouB young adorers, and hoary-headed flaitterers. The whole army of Satan that malce'th war upon innocence and beauty. No, I nm not afraid. She has a fine brain and a noble heart. She is not the kind of woman to jilt a lover or betray a husband, I am safe in loving ber." He had need to <aa •mforb himself, for the hour of trial was nearer titan he thought. He went to Diecttmbe before luncheon on the morning after he had heard of Geoffrey's return. He went erpeoting to find Suzette at the organ, and to hear the latter part of the lesson. He was not a <SDnnois«eur, but he loved mono well enough to love to hear his sweetheart play and tn be able to distinguish every shade of improvement in her performance. To-day, however, the. organ was silent ; the youth who blew the bellows was chasing a wasp in the oorridor, Mid the room into whioh Allan was ushered was tempty. " Tha ladies are in the* garden, sir," said the footman. "Shall I tell my mistress that you are here?" "No, thanks, IH ga> and look for the ladies." The autumn morning was bright and mild, and one of the Frenoh windows was open. Allan harried out to tW»> garden, and looked down the oyprus avenue. The long perspective of smooth-shaven la<ro was empty. There was no one loitering by tht fountain. They were in the summer-house—the classic temple where Mrs. Wornock had stink into unoon tciousness at the sound of his father's name, where he had lived through the most embarrassing experience of his life. He oould distinguish Mrs. Wornook's black fovn and Suzett»'s terracotta frock—aoloth frock from the Salisbury tailor wbioh he had greatly admired. But there was another figure that puzzled him—an unfamiiliar figure in grey —a man's figure. Never had the grass walk seemed so long or the temple so remote. Yes, that third figure was decidedly masculine. There was no optioal delusion as 40 the sex of the stranger. There was ao petticoat hidden behind the marble tabl3. As he drew nfiarer he saw that the intruder was a_ young man, sitting in a lounging attitude, with his arms resting on the table and bis shoulders leaning forwards to bring him nearer to the two ladies seated onposite. 'He felt that it -would be undignified to run, but he walked so fast in his eagerness to discover the identity of the interloper that he was in an undignified perspiration when he arrived. " Allan, poor Allan, how you havelteenronaing!" exclaimed Suzette. *'I wfcs vexed with myself for losing the whole of your organ lesson," said Allan, shaking bands with Mrs. Wornock, and gazing at the stranger as at a ghost. Yea, it was Geoffrey Wornock. Even his hurried refleutions during that hurried walk had told Allan that it must be he, and none other. No one else would be admitted to the familiarity of the garden and snmmer-house. Mrs. Wornock had no oasual visitors, no intimate friends, exoept Suzette and himself. " There has been no organ lesson this morning, Allan," Mrs. Wornook told him, her faoe radiant with happiness. '' Suzette and I have been surprised out of all sober occupations and ideas. This son of mine took it into his head to come home nearly a fortnight before I expeoted him. He arrived as suddenly as if he had dropped from the skies. He did not even telegraph to be met at the station." " A telegram would have taken the edge off the surprise, mother," said the man in jrrey, standing up tall and straight, but slenderly built. Allan felt himself a coarse gladiatorial sort of person beside this elegant aad refined-looking young man. Nor was there anything effeminate about that graceful figure to which an enviousoritiooould takeexoeption. Soldiering had given that air of manliness which can oo-extBt with a thread-paper figure and a girlish waist. "Geoffrey, this is Allan, of whom you know Bomuoh." "They tell me that you and I are very much alike, Mr. Carew,"eaid Geoffrey, with a pleasant laugh, "and my mother tells me that you and I are to take kindly to eaoh other, and in fact she expects to see ub by way of being adopted brothers—I don't quite know what that means—whether we are to ride eaoh other's horses, and make free with eaoh others guns, or go halves in a yacht or a racehorse V " I want you to like eaoh other—to be real friends," said Mrs. Wornock, earnestly. " Then don't say another word about it, mother. Friendship under that kind of protecting influence rarely comes to any good; but I am quite prepared to like Mr. Carew on his own acoount, and I hope he may be able to like me on the same poor grounds." He had an airy way of dismissing the subject which settbem all at their ease, and steered them away from the rocks and shoals of sentiment. Mrs. Wornock who had been on the verge of weeping, smiled again, and led Geoffrey off to look at the gardens and all the improvements whioh had been effected during his three years' absence. leaving the lovers to foi.'ow or not as they pleased. The lovers stayed in the summer-house, , feeling that mother and son would like to be alone, and mother and son strolled on side by side, looking like brother and sister. "My dearest," said Mrs. Wornook tenderly, slipping her arm through her son's direotly they were teally alone, and out of sight, in the old quadrangular garden, walled round by dense hedges of clipped ilex, a garden laid out in a geometrical pattern, and with narrow gravel paths intersecting the flowerbeds. The glory of all gardens was over. Th6te were only a few lingering dahlias, and prim asters lifting up their gaudy disos to the sun, and beds of marigolds of different shades, from pale yellow to deepest orange. " Mv dearest, how glad I am to have you. I begin to live again now you have come home." " And I am very glad to be at home, mother," answered hereon, smiling down upon ber, fondly, protectingly, but with that light tone which marked all he said. " But it seems to me you have been very much alive while I have been away with this" young man of yours who is almost an adopted son." " My heart went out to him, Geoffrey, because of his likeness to you." " A dangerous precedent. You might meet half-a-dozen such likenesses in a London season. It will hardly do for your heart to go out to them all. You would be coming home with a large family—by adoption." " There is no fear of that. I don't go into society, and I don't think if I did I should meet any one like Allan Carew." Geoffrey could but note the tenderness in her tone as she spoke Allan's name. " And who is this double of mine, mother? and what iB he, and how does he come to be engaged to that dainty, dark-eyed girl?" " You like Suzette?" "Yes, I like her. She is a nice, winning thing—not startlingly pretty, but altogether niae. I like the wav that dark silky hair of hers breaks up into tiny curls about her fore' head—and she has fine eyes" "India has made you critical, Geoffrey." " Not India, but a native disposition, mother, deareat. In India we have often to put up with second best in the way of beauty, faded carnations, tired eyes, hollow cheeks, but the young women have generally pienty to say for themselves. They can talk, and tibey can dance. They are educated for the marriage market before they are sent out." His mother laughed, but bung on to his arm admiringly. In her opinion whatever he said was either wise or witty. All his imperti nenoes were graceful. His ignoranoe was better than other people's knowledge. "You have not neglected your violin, hope, Geoffrey ?" "No, mother. My good little Strad has been my friend and comrade in many a quiet hour while the other fellows were playing cards or telling stale stories. I shall be very glad to play the old De Beriot duets again. Your fingers have not lost their ounning, I know. "I have played a greet deal while you were away. I have had nothing else to think about." "Exoept Allan Carew." " He has not made much difference. He comes and goes - as he likes—especially when Suzette is here. I sit at my organ or piano and let them wander about aad amuse them salves." " What an indulgent chaperon." "I knew what the end must be, Geoffrey. I knew from the first that they were in love with eaoh other. At ieast I knew from the very first that he was in love with her." " You were not so sura about the lady?" "A girl is too shy to let her feelings be read easily, but I oould see the liked his society. They used to ramble about the garden together like children. They were too happy not to be in love." " Does being in love mean happiness, mother? Don't you think there is a middle state between indifference and passion—a cordial, comfortable, sympathetic friendship which is far happier than love. It has no cold fits of doubt, no hot fits of jealousy. From your account of these young people I question if they were ever really in love. Your Carew looks essentially commonplace, don't give him oredit for muoh imagination." " You will understand bv-and-by, dearest," The mother was looking up at the newly regained son, admiring him, and beginning to fancy that she had done bim an injustice in thinking that Allan resembled him. He was muoh handsomer than Allan, and there was something picturesque and romantic in his countenance and bearing which appealed to a woman's fancy, a look as of the Lovelaces and Dorsets of old, the courtiers and soldiers who oould write a love song on the eve of a bloody battle, or dance a minuet at midnight and fight a duel at dawn. His manner to his mother was playful and protecting He had not the air of thinking her the wisest of women, but no one oould doubt that he loved her. The summer-house was empty when they went back to it, and there was a pencilled note on the marble table addressed to Mrs. Wornook. Allan is going to see me home in time to give father his tiffin, and I think you and Mr. Wornook will like to have the day to yourselves. I shall oome for my organ lesson to-morrow at 11, unless you tell me to stop away. "Ever, dear Mrs. Wornook, your own "Suzette." "Pretty tactful soul* Of course we want to be alone," said Geoffrey, reading the note oyer hiB mother's shoulder. " First you shall give me the best lunoh that Disoombecan provide, and then we will drive round and look at everything. And we wil^rdevote the even ing to De Beriot. I must go up to town by an early train to-morrow,'" "Running away from me eo soon. Geoffrey ?" " Now, mother, it's base ingratitude to say that. I've hardly given myself breathing time since I landed at Brindisi, because I wanted to push home to you, first of the very first. I shall only be in London a day or two. I want to see what kind of horses are being cold at Tatteraall's, and I may run down to look at the Belhus hunters. Remember, I haven't a horse to ride." " There are your old hunters, Geoffrey." _" Three dear old crocks. Admirable as pensioners, not to carry eleven stone to hounds. No, mother, I'm afraid there's nothing in your stables that will be good for more than cover-hack." Mrs. Worcock sighed faintly in the midst of her bliss. She had a womanly horror of hunting and all jts perils, and in her heart of hearts was always on the side of the fox ; but she knew that without hunting and shooting Disoombe Manor would very soon pall upon her son, dillettante and Jack-of-ali-tra.deB though he was. Musio alone—passionately as he loved it—would not keep him oontented. Allan and Suzette strolled home nnder the bright blue sky. These late days in October were the Indian summer of the year, a season in which it was a joy to live, especially in the landwhere the smoke curlingupwards here and there in silvery wreaths from wood fires only suggested homeliness and warmth, not filth and fog. They sauntered slowly through the rustic lanes, and their talk was naturally of the new arrival, " Is he the kind of young man you expeoted him to be ?" asked Suzette. There waB no occasion to be more epecifio in one's mention of him. There oould be but one young man in their thoughts to-day. "I don't know that I had formed any expectation ahout him." Oh, Allan, that can't be true! Yoa must have thoughts about him, after everybody telling you of the likeness. Remember what you told me in our very first dance—how dreadfully bored you had been about bim, and how glad you were that I didn't know him ?" " My being bored—and I was horribly—was no reason why my imagination should dwell upon h<m. If I thought of him at all, I thought of him just as .he is—the image of h'.s portrait by MillaiB—and a very good looking and well set-up young man — so much better looking than my humble self that I wonder at any one's seeing a likeness between the two faces." 'Is he better looking, Allan? I know I like your face best." ' I am glad of that, since you will have to put up with my face for a life-long companion." Allan, how grumpily you said that." Did I, Suzie? I'm afraid I'm a brute. I am beginning to find out disagreeable depths in my character." She looked at him with a puzz 1 ed air—so sweetly innocent, eo free from any backward reaching thoucht, that made him happy again. He took up the little hand hanging loose at her side and kissed it. Let us drop in upsn Aunt Mornington, and a»k her for lunch," he said as they came within sight of Marsh House. " I don't feel like parting with you just yet, Suzie." "Quite impossible. I muBt be at home for father's tiffin." Iforgot that sacred institution. Well, Suzie, do you think it'n oossible the 'iennial might a«k me to chare that important meal if he saw me banging about? We could go to the links afterward?, eo that vou miir li t ha va tha pleasure of seeing how wildly I can beat the air?" Suzie laughed her assent to this proposition, and General Vincent overtaking them five minutes afterwards on his usual back sustained an Anglo-Indian's reputation for hospitality by immediately inviting Allan to "unchaon. CHAPTER XII. FATE INTESVENES. The return of Geoffrey Worucck made no essential difference in the lives of ttm lovers. Suzette continued her organ practice ; Allan continued his visits to the Manor House ; and Suzette and Allan were muoh oftener Mrs. Wornook's companions than ber only son, whose restless temper did cot allow*of his remaining long in r.nv one place, and for whom monotony of any kind was intolerable. He stayed in London for a week buying horses, and having brought home a string of four, every one supposed to be matohless, he began hunting with the vigour of a man whose appetite for that British sport had been only sharpened by pfeper chases and polo in the tropics. Not content with the South carurn, be travelled up and down the line, hunted with the Vine from Basingstoke, and with the H. H. from Winchester. He was up and away in the grey November mornings after a 7 o'clock breakfast, and seldom home in time for an S o'olock dinner. On the days when there was no hunting to be had he Hung himself into the delights of the musio room with all the ardour of a musical fanatic, and Allan and Suzette were content to listen in meek astonishment to ps; formanceB which wore far above the drawing room amateur, although marked by certain imperfections and carelessness which seemed inevitable in a player whose ardour was too fitful for the drudgery of daily practice. These musical days were the bright spots in Mrs. Wornock'e existence, the chief bond of union between mother and son; as if music were the only spell which could hold this volitile spirit within the circle of domestic love. " I like my mother to accompany me," said Geoffrey. " I have played with some prodigious swells, but none of them has had ber sympathetic touoh, her instantaneous comprehension of my spontaneities. They expeoted me to be faultily faultless, instead of which play De Beriot as Chopin used to play Chopin, indulging every caprice as to time." Goffrey was occasionally present when one of the organ lessons was in progress. He was interested, but not so much to as to sit still and listen. He carried Allan off to. the billiard-room or the stable before the lesson was half over. " What & nappy little family we are," h' said laughingly one day, as he and Allan were strolling stable wards. " My mother is almost as fond of your fiancee as if she were her daughter." " Your mother is a very amiable woman as well as a gifted woman." "Gifted? Yes, that's the word. She is all enthusiasm. There have b89c no spiritualists or supernatural people here lately, I suppose?' "No." "I'm glad of that. My poor mother loseB her h°»d when that kind of people are in the way. She is ready to believe in their nonsense. She wants to believe. She wants to see visions and to dream dreams. She has seoluded herself from the world of tha living, and she would give half her fortune if she oould bring the dead into her drawinc-room, Poor dear mother! Sow many wotry hours she has spent waiting for materializations that bave n^ver materialized. I have never been able to convince ber that all her spiritualistic friends are pretenders and comedians. She tells ine she knows that some are charlatans , but she believes that their theories are based upon eternal truths. Sberebukea my scepticism with an appeal to the Witch of Endor. I dare not shock her by confessing that I have my doubtB even about the Witohi of Endor." So had a way of making light of his mother's fancies and eccentricities which had in its gaiety no touch of disrespect. Gaiety was the chief characteristic of his tempera ment, as it was with Suzette. He brought new element of mirthfulneas into the life at Disoombe Manor; but with this happy tear perament there was the drawback of sn eager desire for change and movement which disturbed the atmosphere of a house whose chief charm to Allan's mind had been its sober quiet, its atmosphere of old-world peace. Allan studied this young man's character closely, studied him aad thought of him much more than bo wanted to think of him, and vainly struggled against any uneasy feeling that in every superiority of this new acquaintance there lurked a danger to his own happiness. "He is handsomer than I am," mused Allan, m one of his despondent moods. " He has a gayer temper—SuzettB's own temper— which sees all things in the happiest light). I sit and watch them, listen to them, and feel myself worlds away from them both ; and yet if she were free to- morrow he could never lore her as I lore ber. There, at least, I am the superior. He has no such power of concentration as I have. To his frivolous nature no woman could ever be all in all." These despondent moods wete luckily not of long duration. Oa Suzetto's part there had not been the faintest ei^n of wavering; and Allan felt ashamed of the jealous fears which fell over and anon like a black cloud across the sunny prospect of his life. However valiantly he might struggle against that lurking jealousy, there were occasions upon which he could not master it, aad his daruest hours were those during which he sat in the muricroom at Discombe, and heard Suzette and Geoffrey playing concertante duets for violin and piano. It seemed to him as the violinist bent over the pretty dark head, to turn a leaf, or to explain a passage in the piano scote, that for these two there was a language which he knew not, a language in which mind Bpoko to mind, and perhaps heart to heart. Who could keep the heart altogether out of the question when that most eloquent of all lan- guages was making its impiseionpd appeal. Every lonp-dtawn legato chord upon the Strad, 6very delicate diminuendo of the sifrbing striegs, the tremulous bow so lisbtiy held in the long lissom fingers, sounded litce an avowal. " I love you, I love you, Hove you," sobbed the violin ; "how oan you care for that dumb, senselesB brute vonder, when I am telling my love in heavenliest sounds, in strains that tbrill along every nerve, and tremble at the door of your heart? How can you care for that dumb dog, or care how you hurt him by your inconstancy?" Possessed by these evil fancieE, Allan started up from hie seat in a remote window, and befcau to pace the room in the midst of a de Beriot sonata, to which Suzette had been promoted after a good deal of practice in less brilliant music. " What's the matter, old fellow ?" asked Geoffrey, noting that impatient promenade— " was I out of tune ?" "No, you were only too muoh in tune." " How do you mean ? I don't understand " " Is it likely you can understand me—or I you?" cried Allan, impetuously. "You have a language whioh I have net, a sense which is lacking in me. You and Suzette are in a paradise whose gate I can't open. Diu'c think me an envious, churlish kind of fellow, if I sometimes grudge you your happiness.' 1 " But, my dear Allan, you are fond of music —you like liateniDji " No, I dou't. I tiave had too much listening, too much of being out of it. Put on your hat, Suzette, pnd come for a walk. I am tired to death of your de Beriot." Mrs. Wornock was sitting a little way from the piano, reading. She looked up wonderingly at this outburst. Never before bad Allan been guilty of such rnu?h speech in ber presence. Never before had he spoken with such rude authority to Suzette. "If our music has not the good fortune to please you, I woild suggest that there are several rooms in this house where you would not hear it," said Geoffrey l&yine; down his fiddle. AH the brightness had faded from his countenance, leaving it very pale. Suzette looked from one to the other with an expression of piteous distress. The two yosng men stood looking at each othe^ Allan flushed and fiery, Geoffrey's pallid face fixed and stern, with sn an^er which wasatron^erthnn the occasion warranted. They were sufficiently alike to make any ill-will between them seem like a brother's quarrel. "You are very good, but I would rather be out of doors. Are you coming, Husette ?" "Not till I have finished the sonata,"she answered quietly with a look whioh reproved his rudeness, and theD began to play. Geoffrey took up his fiddly and the performance was resumed as if nothing had happened. Mrs. Wornock rose and wnt to Allan. " Will you come for a stroii with me, Al-'sn ?" she asked, taking up the warm Indian shawl which lav on a chair near the window. "It is not too coid for the garden." He could not refuse such an invitation as this, though it tortured bim to leave those two alone at the piano. He opened the window, wrapped Mrs. Wornock in the shawl, and followed her to the lawn. "Allan, why were you angry just now?" she asked. "Why? Perhaps I had batter toll you the truth. I am miserable when I see the woman I love interested and enthralled by an art in which your son is a master, and of which I hardly know the ABC. I ask myself if she can care for a creature so inferior as I am—if she can fail to perceive his superiority." "Jealous, Allan ! Oh, I ciu so sorry. It was I who proposed that they shoald play duets. It was not Geoffrey's idea. I thought it would encourage Suzette to go on prac ising. You don't know the delipht a pianist feels in acconpanying a violin—" "I think I can imagine it. Suzette takes very kindly to the concertanto practice." "She has improved so much since I first knew her. She has such a talent for music. It never oocurred to you that you could object." ' It never occurred to yoa that I could bo jealnna fool. You might just as well eay that, for no doubt vou think it." " Yes=, I think you are foolish to be jealous. Suzftte is as true as steel; and I don\ belisve Geoffrey has the slightest inclination to fall in love with her." " Not at this moment perhaps; but who knows what tender feeliugs those dulcet strains may bring. However. Suzette, will be leaving the neighbourhood, I hops, in a f6W d&5'£." " Leaving us, you hope '.'' " Yes. My mother has written to invite her to Fecdyke. She is to see the White Farm, and get acquainted with all our Suffolk neighbours, whodeclare themselves dying to see her, while I am shooting my father's phea«ants." " You are both going away then ? I shall miss you sadly." " You will have Geoffrey." " One day out of six, perhaps. He will be hunting or shooting all the rest of the week." " We .-hall not be away very long. I don't suppose General Vincent will spare us hia daughter for more than « fortnight or three weeks.; 1 Suzette told me nothing about the invitation." "She has not received the letter yet. The post had not come in when she had left home. I met the postman on my way here, and read my letters as I came along. De Beriot has been too absorbing to allow of my tailing Suzette about my mother's letter to me. Shall we go back? Unless that sonata is interminable it must have come to an end before now. Mrs. Wornock turned immediately. She saw Allan's uneasiness, and sympathised with him. They went back to the music-room, where there was only silenoe. Suzette was Btill standing in front of the music-stand, turning the leaves of the offendine sonata. "Good-bye, dear Mrs. Wornock," said Suzette, kissing her friend. " Now, Allan, I am quite ready." Allan and Geoffrey shook hands at parting, but not with the ueual smiling friendliness. " How could you be so dreadfully rude, Allan? " Suzette said with a pained voice, as they walked away from the house. " You were quite hateful." " I know that. I am astounded at my own capacity for hatefulness." " I shall play no more concertante duets, though I have enjoyed them more than anything in the way of music. It was only the most advanced pupils at the Saore Coeur who ever had accompanying lessons—and suoh happiness never fell to lav share." "I should be very Borry to interfere with your—happiness ; but I think, Suzette, if you oared for me half as muoh as I care for you you would understand how it hurts me to see you so completely in sympathy with another man, and happy with a happiness whioh I cannot share." " Why ehould you not share our happiness, Allan? Ycu art fond of music, I know." " Fond of music—yes; but I am not a musician. I cannot make musio as thatyoungman can. I cannot speak to you as he speaks to you, in that language which is his and yours, and not mice. I am standing outside your world. I feel myself thrust far off from you, while he is so near." " Aliau I" cried Suzette, with a smile that was a pale shadow of her eld sportivenesB, "can you actually be jealous ?" " I'm afraid I can." " Jealous about a man who is nothing to ce except my dear friend's son. You know how fond I am of Mrs. Wornook—the only real friend I have made since I left the ood vent—and you ought to understand that 3 like hereon for her sake. And I have been pleased to tnka my part in the mueio they both love. But that is all over now. I will not allow myself to be misconstrued by you, Allan. There shall be no more duet9." They wore still in Mrs. Wo mock's domain, in a wooded drive where the leafless branches overarched the way, and the scene was lonely enough and sheltered enough to allow of Allan taking his sweetheart to his breast and kissing her in a rapture of penitent love, "My darling, forgive me! If l did not know the pneelessness of my treasure, should not be so full of unworthy fears. ( A"e wen'c stop the duets for ever, Suzie. I must get accustomed to the idea of a gifted wife, who has moy talents whioh I have not. But I hope your musical studies at Disoombe may be suspended for a month or so. When you go home you will find a letter from my mother in vitine you to Fendyke. She is very fond of yon already, and she wants to know more of you, so that you may really be to her the daughter she ha« been wishing for ever since I was born. You will go, won't you, Suzatte, if tha good General will spare yoa: and I think he will?" "Are you to be there too?" " Yes, I am to be there; but you shall not see too much of me. Ours is a shootingoounty, and I shall be expected to be tramping with my gun nearly every day. I think you will like Foadyke. The house is a fine old house, aad the neighbourhood is pretty after a fashion, just as some parts of Holland end Belgium are pretty—sleepy, contented, prosperous, useful." He walked home with her and stayed to luncheon, so as to secure General Vincent's consent upon the spot. This was obtained without difficulty. The General, having had to dispense with his daughter for at least three-f aurths of her existence, was not dependentupon her for society, though he liked to see the bright young face smiling at him aoross the table at his luncheon and his dinner, and he liked to be played to sleep after dinner, or to have Suzette as a listener when he was in the mood for talking. The greater part of his life was spent out of doors —hunting, shsoting, fishing, golfing—so that he could afford to bs amiable upon this occasion. "Yes, yes, Snzette, accept the invitation, by all mians. The change will do you good. Lady Enily is a most estimable person, and it is onlv right that you should become better acquainted with her." "I am very fond of her already," said Suzette. "Then I am really to go, Allan? Lady Emily suggests Saturday—three days from now." \Veli, yon are rpady, I suppose," said her father. " You have the frocks and things that are necessarv." " Yes, father, I think I have frocks enough, unless yon are dreadfullv fashionable in Suffolk, Allan." The less said about our fashion the batter. If yot»have a stout cloth skirt short enough to kef>p clear of our mud, that is all you need trouble about. I suppose I shall be allowed to escort. Suzette, General ?" "Wfll, ves, I don't see any objection to your taking care of her on the journey ; but I have very lax notions of etiquette. I must ask Mrs. Mornintrton. Suzie will take her maid, of course; and Suzie's maid is a regular dragon." Allan walked homeward, with a light step and alight heart. The idea of having Suzette a^ a visitor in his own home, growing every day nearer and dearer to hiB parents, was rapture. No more ooncertantedusts, no more -ng-drawn sobbinrs and sighinge on the Stradivarius J He would have his eweetheart all to himself, to pace the level meadow oaths and saunter by the modes river and loiter and linger by rustic mills and bridges which Constable may have pain'ed. And in that at nosphereof homely peacefulnees he might draw his sweetheart closer to his heart, win ber morn completely than he had won h«r yet, and pprsnade her to consent to a nearer date for their marriage than that far-off summer of the nomine year. He counted much on hnrne:n6upacee, on his mothers warm-hearted affaction for the newly adopted daughter. A telegram, sir," «aid the servant who opennd the donr, startling him from a happy day-dream. "It came nearly an hour aeo." Allan tore op9n the envelops and glanced carelessly at the message, expecting some trivai communication. " Your father is dangerously ill. Come at once. I am writing to postpone Miss Vincent's visit.—Emily Carew." 