.'Ifi-'lss. O. .MAR ABII.. . .. - \--ByVidi- - -- The. evening; shadows were deepening as Jim Southern turned in on the trail that led 'franithe creek to his home, but the duskiness did :i6t??`trouble::him ias he loped-gaily along, foi his broncho mare was very sure of foot. He had bee. trailing beef for some time and making a good thing of it.,his fat three year-olds going easily from thirty to thirty fiv'edollars. And now, with a nice roll of greenbacks stowed- safely away, he was-naturally anxious. to rejoin his wife. : - -,. . The big cattlemian ?as'a fine .speimen of his kind, althougbhhe did not `wear long hair ;.for -:few men, could .'stay. with him' when work was doing, either in the corall or open, 'and- rumour accounted him the best' rider aind shot for a loig wiiy round.. l i: Why Nelly Raybold, with? 'her refined temperament, -had .married a person'i of Southern's:calibre puzzled people not a little; but someone professing, :to be in the know attritute.d'it to fear. Everyone knew, that previous to.:his:mar riage the.young ranchman had been a'haird case, and his name had. been connected , with what is known in stock circles as the fry ingpan brand,. and even worse, :.::'i But. notwithstanding this, his ,einemies admitted, ' Whatever Southern may be, he's mighty'-good to his wife.'-- And they-were right -: : .... Now, as he spurred ahead in the gather ing gloom, he was thinkinig of lierr-his aggres sive features considerahly softened, and his keen eyes wearing a tender light rather foreign to them -. . ' She'll be a bit surprised when the wag gon comines in to-morrow; and all the pretty things .I've been and bought are spread out,' he muttered. 'Ah ! you're very : human after all, Nellie, spite of that angel face of yours, biut ~T don't-think you'll ever'fathom the depth of Jim Southern's love for you its infinite. - A bright light was -hburning in the front room -of the ranich house, and when he had given his horse to one. of the. men, and . was walking down the garden path, he could see his wife sitting by the window talking to a man with whom she seemed intimate. '`Don't 'know him,' he said to himself after a slight pause. When he crept for ward with Indian stealth until he had gained the window, for something in - the stranger's pose disturbed him sorely. Yet he loathed himself the next moment for so doing. -Time passed. Nellie came to the door and saw her visitor away, while her husband, crushed, broken, remained undiscovered, her final words to the stranger ringing in his ears-a death knell to all his happiness, ' Good-bye, Harry ; and God be with- you ! Do not try to see me again, for though you, and you alone, possess any love, he is my hus band to whom I will remain true. - Harry Summer, supposed to be dead, had come Weat to find his love;.and now that he knew the truth, was, like an honest man, gone. It was very hard to bear. . Nellie--his Nellie-not love him I Perhaps it was a terrible dream f - Alas.! no, for there -she stood, her soft white attire forming a nebula about her, while her sad eyes endeavoured to -pierce the darkniess through which the retreating man was hurrying.- - Then she went in, and Jim had seen the last of her for years. -h. +It was a nine days'-wonder of the:rangeT the strange disappearince of jim-:Sothern and the departure of his sad-eyed ife for the East. The ranche was sold, and it got about that a large sum ,@f money in her name lay un touched at the bank of Hillsburgh. . Maybe they would not have wondered could they have read the letter she received from the absent one. A manly letter it was, couched in terms of unutterable tendeiness; but there was a suggestion of broken- heartedness between the lines that caused her-many a sleepless night, for though it conveyed no reproach, she knew that his life was wreckid. Al. Tuttle, sheriff of Clinton, Arizona, was furiopu; he stood beneath the veradidfh of'- the El Dorado^saloon aiid 'ground hlis teeth. : . 'You say he crossed the bunch (mob) last night!' he savagely inquired, of- his 5t -a-Vs, a swarthy Mexican. ' Si Senor, ..I leave him this side. +? Now, Al. Tuttle was sa very small man,· and he carried but one, arm ?(the other he had lost over a poker game onithe.' Oana din') ; hbut he posesss~ld the heart of a lioni as an offiet. . -" 'The efore, the. news that the notoridus rustler, 'Cheyenne Jim,- was once agairn attempting to outivit him made him mad. i 'I want thet man, an' I want him bad, an' I'm goin' ter havehim,' he said. 'But how - 'On the Mesa, senor,'put in the Mexican rolling a--eigarette nonchalanitly. ' He will onlyhave one or two men as a blind, and.I can show0ou a trail through thle canto 'B'gosh, you're right, Tony!' said the sheriff, aloud; but under his breath- he branded the traitorous greaser-as a!GPod for saken coyote. - - . . 'Quick's the game, then,' he continued 'I miust get a po~se together ; ::and -then, brash as:you are, IMr:OCliiryenner Jim, i'l give you a tighter clip for it than you ever had before-. To think was to' act with 'the sheriff, so that in a-few minutes.:he: was loping aboht town forming his crowd.::. , ' Oh, come off; Tuttl; e ! You don't mA~ n to sa thiit;'0heyenne' tishoied trail aaiii f ejaculated a fine-lookin rauchminw,?h I ad Sjust ridden in. - S' Jest what I do, Mr Finch an? her'e sI 'diamond ' horses among +'enk?a wi?at dyOu say to thati, - i 'Some of my horses! Are yJo sure.:k B} Jove! I'm with yo. -Jint isgetting too bold'atbo~ther. 1-'.e ialays-:all6wid:that we owe him some leeway in consideration of .his conduct during the last Apache.husines-, but this sort of, thing must' be stopped at once. -' Quite ik'rect, host' biboke- in a hird featured / iwboy froni: the ?rear:odfth little gathering. ' Ch yenmui are gettin' j et a leetle too brash,--'e are. lie :war amighty qiitetloii as thet ingel-facee wife o' his stayed out ter ther renche; But arter she went East there ain't no end ter his jinks. -- 'Look here, sherr'f, thar's Saddler and Benson an' ' Acorn Billy ' down ter Jonsin's, an' 'Bar. H. Bob' over to ter ther Corner;' let's get 'em an' we'll pull out . Takin'g Broncho Jack's advise the sheriff soon made up his little band, ; and =:ten minutes later a dozen. well-armed h'orsenieni were upon the trail of Arizona's' most -daring horse thief A bajidof some forty horses were trotting steadily across the San Gabriel Mesa (table land), followed. by two well- mounted men,; who anxiously scanned the surrounding coun try as they rode. Both were simply dressed in the prevail ing cowboy style-wide Stetson hat grey flannel shirt, with loose neckerchief, and the inevitable chapps (leathern overalls), .but* they were too heavily armed for mere' horse tiraders. The double rows of gleaming cartridges in each libelt, - ea-vy army revolvers aniid 'new Winchester rifles :slung neatly.:at thigh and saddle bow, were to say. the least of it, sus picious even in an Indian country.! - The elder was a big, broad-shouldered fellow, with a strong, heavy-bearded face that might have' belonged: t a :successful statesman or the biggest desperado unhung, so': marvellous were -its contradictioins ; for while the jew'and mouth indicated bulldog ishness, the forehead and eyes, when in re pose, were' 'those of a refined': yet forceful' gentleman;- -- - . 'He was mounted upon a' hard-looking .bay broncho, apparently fall of life and action, but kept well in check by a cruel iMexican bit. His. compaliion, a`; lithi? girlish', youth, looked like" a child beside' iiiiu: but the dark, gleaming eyes and resolute mount told tales. : =-Folks: seldom' mistook: ' Baby Dan ' twice, They'had'been- riding slowly and silently up a short rise, when suddenly :the. boy threw'his arms forward; saying--' You can see the path all right now,. Oap. ' Its there right enough, Dan,' replied'the other; ' but' we're a mighty long way' from it, and there's a tile' abouti a cup and a lip, you know .? SoehowI don't half cotton it` to that greaser, Tonlio he'd'sell us to Tuttle for a pint of mescal:. ' " Far ?away, in'i f?abluish -haze,'rose the shadowy.° buttresses :ithat ` guarded' the entrai'ce to the pass, and b'eyond themn?"like ang'els' wings, the twin peaks of San Felipe. Barely two miles ahead the mese -itself abruptly ended, and, stretched from the foot of its rugged wall to the hazy confines of a shimmering mirage, the brown mesquite covered plain unrolled its dreary expanse.' To the left, however, the table- land fell rapidly away towards the river bluffs, which eternally echoed the sullen voicing of the turbulent stream that laved their base ; but to the right it was bounded-by anapparently impassable, ravine.: The man addressed as ' cap.' knew his position quite well, but hlie seemed far from easy.: 'Once clear of •this mesas, we can bid "all creation defiance,', he saiid, jingling his spurs irritably, , ' Some of the boys'll meetusi at the spring, and it's but a jump from there over the lines; still-- - What's that, Dan 4 Tuttle, by: all that's holy.! Head 'em off boy !. Ride like the devil! ' Copperhead couliee-give 'en blazes I - h :....n t . But Dan had seen the horsemen; just_ breasting the-mesa edge, and he diove home the steel with an oath' as bruta?rl as it was Like a meteor his little :roan sped forward; clearing the stiff mesquite bush and prickly cactii with bouids that wild livd e shamed an antelope.. ?- ' -?:: . ' : Snap! -snap.l snapi Dan's :iata (laso)i hissed, and cut against the 'terrified leaders, and with afearfulrush' they:turned off 0o wards the water. SBut it was futile. - . -:1: ::: -With' a brutal oath the Baby'. drew rein and unslung his repeater. - . - \- Such caln resolve in one so- young was absolutely appalling. .. ( His nostrils quivered with?strange emt. ion, but lis-'eyes 'glearmied .with'the ieadly hate of a ?Cotched ratt- Inki. He would die game.: i .' It's a case, cap.' he yelleds as aball tore through his hat. - :::: ::;: -' Not yet; follow me 1' ;?tieked - the rustler.captain, racing up like a - iwhirwiid. Then;, the boy closed in, they swept,-neck and neck, toward the river. . There was a shuddl'ing ' lplun: , amnid shots and imprecations. from the pursuers; then a terrible scramble upon the other side, under raking fire, and still the leatler re mained unhurt. -But Baby. Dan-had been struck hard.; - • IHe reeled ini the saddle, dropped out, :nd pitchdd over the ledge into the swirling cur rent, - '' - I t was all over in a few moments th: vengeful :shooting and- confuised jumble of boulders,' wire grass and cactus, . SThe captain was alone. - : 'It" hiad beein a close call : - :,, ; He acknowledged it when he caught his breatli: rI':his cheek was badl? tSo rn, and the cantle of his saddle had been rippedi fairly away, while more than one hole id his loose shirt attested the good'mna~irkwaship of the+?~sriffs .party. : . : ' No sane man will try that crossing after' me,' said the fugitive- to himiself,:- with a: queer, distorted smile. But he was niis 'tiken. One" mman did aitteip;it, thiugh' it was a fatal step, and th shei-itf doi ed him self by it-; for.:the horse-thief raisied his:~iifle. iti fullyfa thousand yards,. tbolok deliberate aim and fiSred. - - - , --. - , Bloodl; for blood !' - he. c'ried? ind Al utztlj's earbhfy se-vice was over.: - - At Clinton that night a reward as posted for the capture, alive or dead, of one James, alias '0hey'nne,"'Soutiern ; add'iiat a week later the follovIing?,disi?atch ippeared in the -:Hillsburgh Desizocnit'.-z- : . 'Souher, :gang broken up': at',last. Oheyenne dead. . r 'A Clin'ton E.~ T. correspondent reports that on Friday last Sheriff Sadler,; with a strong posse, surprised, and, after a desperate affiray, routed a band of ottlaws under Captain' Sothern.- The latter fought like ademon, aid managed to escap -for a time; : --. ": . . biit'is'supposed to have been drowned while crossing the river. Arizona-is well rid of him. Strange to say, he had realised an enormous sum upon his Mexican mine pro perty less than a month ago, and 'his strange action.in taking the trail again is universally condemned. ,Everyone in this neighbourhood liked Mr Noel,, of Marabilla. -He was a good boss always, and a: genial;, friend at times, but there was 'evidently a latent sorrow of some kind that often seemied to lay heavy upon him. Good Mrs Harding, his house- keeper,:! a. student of human nature.' by the way, often heaved a sigh over it, for though he would spend weeks together in Sydney and .Mel bourne, the 'habitual melancholy remained. The manager of &Marabilla; averred, that there must be a woman in the' cas, and as, h'i was something of a lady's man . himself, perhaps his 'opinion held weight ; but the real truth of the matter was that Mr Noel, like many another of us, was haunted iby strange shapes that ever and anon flitted nioiselessly across' the great chasm of the' p~ast i and one of them, ;:a hite-faced, blood spattered ghost, in the vestments of a ':rude plainsman, he- would have given all ?his wealth to exorcise. ' There came a `day at. last, though, when folks fouind the boss with a sweet 'smile' on his 'face, and -wbndered. that, in a terrible death,,he' wore ,?iti t which nothing: in ;life had ever brought him. " Swinging :along in a', quick :canter one bright. morig, hecam e suddenly across a little camp in some scrub hard by a sp~ring, at which he h-adintended to water'his' horse: And on the, shaft of -the tilted. dray,,which fled its centre, sat a woman, with a child ,in her lap, Long:'ago the squatter had -learned the value of self-control, and it was well, :for the sweet eyes that met his i:res those of his wife. .She,' however,` knew him' iot,' .pvery diffeirent:. was' this. eminently `'respectable;', smooth-facel I.old gentleman, '-.in. imarked: colonial attire, :from the. dashing frontiers man she had known. .There was no bitterness in Noel's heart, only: a dull, g;inding regret, after the: first shock of surprise.: 'Of coiurseshe thought'him dead, and.' had married her former -lover.;? but why here,. poor and homeless:?-'1 ? Presently he fell:. into conversation ;with her, not fearing recognition, and,: by ,.the exercise: of great tact, became auditor of her simple tale. - .. ,Poor little Nellie ! She. had never-used the money-he had left her,. never known, :in. her carking poverty, that she was wealthy. Aud"I very much doubt if she would have used ithad she know. Sui~~e had been very unsuccessful lately, and t1iyhad taken to the bush, after fruit less endeavours to obtain .-:'footholds iii the Perhaps Mr Noel could suggest something, or even give her' husbaind work ? 'Pity you left America, Mrs Summer,' said the squatter.' ' ; ? .' Anyhow, I'll -waite and see.'yobur: hus band ,and if possible give' him a chance. Jim Sothern, alias Noel, of Marabilla, looked'. very hard as he skail this, but. the strong: man's heart was nearly .breaking. \--- Time and separation would never.. weaken his devouring love for her.: ... .. ,: Nellie, not knowing h: thoht him,thougt i, just then, austere and hard. : : '. B~.ind: yI with a packet of lollies he had put in- his- pocket: for a boundary. man's youngsters, the squatter coaxed the child :to his :knee.-"- : \- 'Come here,- little blue eyes,' he' said and when she had nestled there, that strange, sweet smile dawned., ...... ·' ' Shoe? was his own. .He knew that by what the unconsciouds mother had told him, and as he sait t~alkiin? there a fierce volcano was burning: ' i'tin him. ':wa :i- t h::. .. ,WhV ' should he not :hurst the door of his shadow-p~rison, and pressing those rosebud lips, claim them as his L . - . \- Why'int ?? '- .:·- :. ': ' Never a quiver betrayed his emotion. .. .Hs sat upon the old,- ciacked bdox, and ran his hind 'among Dot's golden curls, his heart crying-- 'Mine! mine! miiie !'" But his' lips were sealed, and Nellie never dreamied the truth., . ' : .. -.: . 'Summer c:ame at last-a handsbome,: love. able?i: sort 'of fellow, with a suggestion of' latent power ahout him--and for some .time the party talked of the future. -.Then the "squatter rode slowly, homeward. Good Mrs Harling often speaks of thsjt day- how the boss came in with the strange, far away-look, and 'was seen with a bit, of p:archmen??i'his'hand veriy like a will how ?he and thie mianagerheld a's·ong.consoiati'na ; 'and how: the latter retired . with tears in hi \- Of ciousise t must al have referied to dear;Mrs Suinmers and Miss Dot, the old y adyalways concludes. SI thipnk that the dear gentleman had ' presentiment. Theboss -was-restless.. -...... He wiett iit'on; 'i t " verandah and ::lit a cigar,;bui?mall. tono purpose. .i , There senied no soothing influence in the" fragrait weed for once. - '-H tramped upland down,'thinkingiof his wife and child out there across the plain, and in a way, rejoicing that on the morrow they 'w?ould' -:e at the upper station enjoyidi?cbm fort and plenty. - Long ago he had executed a will in favour of Nellie'and her children, 'should ?he have any, and it pleased himn to think thati in case of his decease, Marabilla would be hdrs. Truly his position was a strange oie. ' By heaven !' he muttered. ' I can nevr stand it-to see her and the little one so near and yet so far; to feel this ho?Frible pain at my heart, and yet remain silent, is: beyond the power of, man. Oh, Nllie Presently the squatter ceased his walkl: and stared in a bewildered shion at the western horizon. '' ' -' 'Then a sharp exclamation .rok fro him, and he dashed headlbng t stablis What meant, th, .strange?- dulLglo beyond Summer's camp? - --' - i' A tall horse stood in the nearest box,:and whinnied at his master's approach; and he threw on a side-saddle and bridle, and led the beast out before the men. could, answer his cry. .. ' Follow me.! :Bush fire I Four. miles ! Bring spare horses. : "Then they :h ad' a ?light: smash, as the. thoroutghb'red jumped .:short at t::h ar'd fence. But the gallant beast'never faltered. The blood of 'his !sires carried 'Haro' thhrougi that furious burst. Never horse made better: running. A". white'faced figure appeared in ?the track.: It .was Summer, who had; been.over. tl ai fencer's camp. 'He s~ys' ieshall never forget the heroic confidence that rang.in the;, squatter's words, as he flashed past-' Go back ;,' I . will-save them. ;Through the 7.l 1,'. t'the swish of, tall grass,' and into ,the Daltoni-:slip,' i. o its crashing` saplings; sped the gallant &chesnut;, but not without' a fall, for' the; spang of brokin wir iittestedd another' reckless. ju? p. On i! on! Lighit into th e;withering miialls: "iMany a time: his rider-liad said of him, SHero would face hell itself for ;I Andd now the horse was jnstifying that opinion, :for, 'with the hot" air right in his nostris;, h?e still raced forward: 'Softly from. Noel's lips ,fell a prayer-= rough ý:and uncouth in construction; ;maybe, but pdrhaps as . ear nest;-as' heart-spoken 'as any that ever left the lips of ian. - T h en ` . "! -" She knew that he had kissed her.' She had eesen the passionate ligit in his eyes. as he handed Dot ?to?iher, crying Head :traight. oit for: the open ! Good-bye, Nell, dear! Good-bye ! And she: recognised lhim': with a little shriek,',which he answered, with a smile, as Hero plunged homeward.:': There was no escape fori..him' Already.. the 'vaours filled his lungs, and the fire was upon him.-p Something glittered .momentarily. A metallic report rang high. above the roar of the element. The' bob?sshad. chosen: A'- plain marble shaft rises upon the spot 'where he :fell,' and is often visited, by. the ladies of-Maiabilla.' Mr Summer has made a good master, and ,his wife and little one are well beloved of all. Her'ro has, in these dayh, a little paddock' to himself, and often in, the' quiet evenings men who knew of that terrible ride speak in reverent tones of Marabilla's old boss. I :;+ _____________ 