City and Suburbs. The chamber of the Trades-hall Coun- cil for a time on Friday evening, 2nd inst., looked like a boot shop. A deputation from the Bootmakers' Union was ushered in with portmanteaus full of samples of the work turned out by the co- operative society started by the opera- tives now out on strike from Mr. Hugh Thompson's factory at Collingwood. It having been found that all the per- sons who should have paid the income tax were not assessed prior to the 20th May, the date on which the assessments were supposed to have been completed, the commissioner of taxes has issued a notification stating that the tax payable on assessments made after that date, and up to the 1st inst., is to be paid by the 19th inst. Mr. Allison D. Smith has lodged a notice in the Supreme Court that he intends to apply to the Full Court at its sittings next month for a new trial in the libel action which he brought to recover £15,000 from Mr. David Syme, proprietor of the " Age'' newspaper. The grounds on which the new trial is to be applied for are that the verdict was against evidence on the 21 questions on which the defendant succeeded; that the find- ings of the jury was against the weight of evidence; that the damages awarded by the jury on the four questions on which the plaintiff was successful were in- sufficient and that the answers of the jury on the questions submitted to them by the judge were inconsistent. Early on Friday afternoon, 2nd inst., a fire ocourred at the Kew Asylum, which destroyed an idiot's cottage, slightly damaged a warder's cottage, and for a time threatened with destruction several other cottages. Fortunately the wind was favourable, or the damage done, amounting probably to about £500 or more, would have been considerably magnified. The water supply of the institution was found defective. Tenders are about to be invited for the future supplies of Victorian coal to the Railway department. The commissioners are in hopes that the increasing competi- tion among the local companies will be the means of their obtaining the coal at a cheaper rate than formerly, and that the loss of revenue entailed in the concession in freights which has been made will thereby be compensated. The entries for the Royal Agricultural Society's show this year are very much more numerous than usual, especially in machinery and sheep. The increase in machinery is principally observable in dairying utensils. Official returns in connection with the coal mining industry of the colony showed a continued increase in the output. The quantity mined for the quarter ended June, 1895, totalled 51,688, valued at £29,115. This is an increase of 7804 tons on the quantity raised for the same quarter of 1894, and more by 6642 tons than the output for the March quarter of the present year. In future all pennies and half-pennies coined at the Royal Mint will have for the obverse impression the effigy of the Queen with the inscription " Victoria Dei Gra. Britt. Regina, Fid. Def. Ind. Imp." instead of the present inscription, which is "Victoria D.G. Britt. F.D." The reverse impression will be the same figure of Britannia as on the bronze coins now in use. After hearing the evidence given in support of the charge of alleged miscon- duct preferred against Mr. J. Bolger, one of the officers of the Public Works de- partment, in connection with the removal from the strong-room of certain docu- ments relating to the contract between the Board of Land and Works and Mr. James Downie for the erection of the female prison at Pentridge, the Public Service Board has announced that the charge has not been sustained. An anonymous communication to the Commissioner of Customs forwarding " conscience money " is a little more ex- plicit than such messages are as a rule, It is to the following effect:—" Dear Sir,—A friend of mine made me a present of a few yards of English tweed on which duty had not been paid. I en- close postal notes for 16s. being 40 per cent, on the said tweed.—Yours, etc., 'WE.'' A monument which has been erected in the Melbourne General Cemetery to the memory of Mr. William B. Satchell, of Albert Park, was unveiled on Monday. Mr. Satchell, it will be remembered, gal- lantly jumped from the end of the South Melbourne pier, on a dark night, in January, 1894, to attempt to rescue a young woman who had thrown herself into the water, and lost his life in the attempt. The top of the monument is of polished bluestone, and it stands on a rough bluestone foundation, whilst a panel of marble let into the upper portion proclaims the circumstances under which Mr. Satchell lost his life. Very keen interest was taken in sporting circles on Monday in the V.R.C. committee election. The election re- sulted in the return of Messrs. Miller, Croker, Madden, Leonard, Paterson, and Menzies. The hall and wreckage of the burnt ship Hilaria were sold on Monday at auction as she now lies at the town pier, Port Melbourne. The biddings com- menced at the modest figure of £25, and the vessel, with all attached, was finally knocked down for £275 to Mr. Michael Walshe, of the Sailors' Home, Spencer- street. The sale was on behalf of all conoerned, and the wreck has to be within 14 days. At a meeting of the council of the Chamber of Commerce on the 2nd inst. the question of the position of the port of Melbourne in relation to the new policy of New South Wales was brought under consideration. During the discussion which ensued it was generally conceded that something more than the reductions now being made in the tariff was necessary for the purpose of restoring the port to its former position as the dis- tributing centre of Australia. In order that fuller consideration should be given to this very important question, it was ultimately resolved to adjourn the dis- cussion until the the next meeting of the council. The premises of Mr. James Boland, storekeeper, of 671 Campbell-parade, Richmond, were broken into on Saturday morning last. Tea and sugar to the value of £17 were removed. Considerable indignation was ex- pressed on Monday night at the meeting of the Fitzroy Council over a letter re- ceived from the Treasurer intimating that no provision had been made on the Estimates for the year 1895-6 for the maintenance of the Edinburgh Gardens. Eventually, on the motion of the mayor (Councillor Burrell), the council decided to communicate with the other munici- palities concerned, and invite them to join in a combined protest to the Premier on the subject. The Boroondara Shire Council decided on Monday night to raise the annual rate from 1s. to 1s. 3d. in the £1. The police on Monday conveyed to the gaol hospital, for medical examination, a young man named Frank Moloney, who had been arrested between 3 and 4 a.m. on the premises of Mr. H. O. Davis, Mulberry-street, Richmond. Mr. Davis confronted him with a revolver, and the intruder then walked quietly to the police station. He said he had just come down from Gippsland, and that he had entered Mr. Davis' house for " shelter." As the prisoner showed signs of mental aberration, the Bench remanded him for medical examination. At the annual meeting of the members of the Victoria Racing Club, which was held at Menzies' Hotel on Monday after- noon, a majority voted for the totalisator. The curator of the estates of deceased persons has obtained rules to administer the estates of the following deceased persons:—Augustus Reuben Brainerd, Sydney Hotel, William-street, Melbourne, died 24th July, 1895, £155 14s. 9d.; Jane Clara Coomber, No. 148 Fergie-street, North Fitzroy, died 1st September, 1893, £91 12s. 9d.; Lydia Moore, Bridport-street, Albert Park, died 24th July, 1895, £72 12s. 4d.; Robert Rickinson, Baddaginnie, died 18th July, 1895, £50; James Wilkinson, Devenish, died 15th July, 1895, £94 10s. ; Mary Willett, Kew Lunatic Asylum, died 29th March, 1895, £42. According to a return of the Mines department, the amount of dividends paid by mining companies carrying on operations in Victoria during the-quarter ending 30th June last was £105,218, be- ing a decrease of £19,588 compared with the corresponding quarter of 1894. In the following districts these were the decreases stated:—Ballarat, £17,617; Bendigo, £5317; and Beechworth, £3426, while there were increases in the undermentioned districts of the sums given :—Castlemaine, £2190; Mary- borough, £3094; Gippsland, £1020; and Ararat, £523. The total dividends for the first half of 1895 were £194,025. John Connor, a diver, residing at 22 Market-street, South Melbourne, fell in a fit at the Western Market, William- street shortly before noon on Saturday, and died whilst being placed in a cab for removal to the Melbourne Hospital. The deceased was 43 years of age, and a married man with a wife and four children. The Governor in Council has sanctioned a regulation passed by the Metropolitan Fire Brigades Board empowering it to provide a fund for the payment of com- pensation in cases of accidents to mem- bers of the brigades under its control, or, where death ensues therefrom, to their wives and families. A heavy fall in the Railway revenue for last week is recorded, the receipts being £87,881, as compared with £46,656 in the corresponding week of 1894. A deliberate attempt was made on Monday morning to burn down the stable of Mr. Philip Meyer, baker, of 107 Victoria-street, Fitzroy. Fortunately, it did not succeed, owing to its timely discovery. Speaking of the " ghost scare " at the Prahran Council meeting on Monday, Councillor John Turner said if a short bill could be passed through both Houses at the one sitting, giving magistrates power to flog persons who masqueraded to frighten women and children, there would not be many " ghosts " about. Such persons required severe treatment meted out to them. A comparative statement has been prepared by the inspector of drills to the Mines department as to the relative cost of boring with diamonds and calyx cutters in basalt at Tourello. With diamonds it appears the cost of boring 100 feet averaged 6s. 6d. per foot, while the calyx did tbe work for 3s. The inspector states that the results of the test exceeded expectations. The dead body of a newly born female child was found in Leslie-street, Elstern- wick about 6 o'clock on Monday night, wrappod in the bodices of two dresses, one black and one white, and enclosed in a brown paper bag. Information was given to the police, and Constable Matthews conveyed the body to the morgue. There were no external marks of violence on the body. The fifth ordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Commercial Bank, Limited, was held on Monday, Mr. James Service, M.L.C., presiding. The report and balance-sheet showed a net profit of £5048 6s. 2d. for the half-year ended 30th June last, which, added to the amount brought forward from the previous half-year, left a disposable balance of £28,449 4s. 6d. at the credit of the profit and loss account. It was proposed to carry this amount forward to the next half-year's business. The question of the re-appointment of Professor M. Hall as the holder of the chair of music at the Melbourne University and as director of the Con- servatorium was discussed at a meeting of the council of the University on Tues- day. This officer has hitherto been re- munerated at £1000 a year; but it was reported to the council that, whilst those in charge of the funds for the mainten- ance of the chair of music had been able barely to pay this sum annually for the last five years, owing to the de- creased interest likely to be obtainable in the immediate future, it was doubtful whether more than £800 a year could be realised. In the circumstances it was resolved Mr. Hall be re-appointed for an indefinite period, on good behaviour, and paid the interest on £20,000 odd which is invested to the credit of the chair, less per cent, of the total amount, which should be applied to defraying expenses. According to a return laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, the Railway department during the first six months of 1895 gave employment to 2031 men in constructing and regrading lines and casual work generally in the engineering branches. Of this number 1351 men were labourers engaged in day work, and there were 580 other labourers employed on piecework. The Public Works department gave employment during that period to 438 men, and the Mines department to 108. The new scheme of compromise or arrangement between the Standard Bank and its creditors, which was agreed to at two public meetings held in Melbourne on the 1st inst., was accepted by the Chief Justice on Tuesday. The details of the sensational burglary committed at the establishment of Mr. Abraham Smith, pawnbroker, Elizabeth street early on the morning of the 8th ult., were laid before Judge Chomley and a jury of twelve in the Melbourne Court of General Sessions on Tuesday, when a well-dressed man named Samuel Isaacs was presented on a charge of shop break- ing and receiving. Accused, who was formerly a billiard marker at the Palace Hotel, stated that he found the goods tied up in a handkerchief some twenty minutes before arrest. The jury, after twenty minutes' retirement, found prisoner guilty of receiving, and he was remanded for sentence. An inspector of meters in the employ of the Metropolitan Board of Works named Michael Sullivan was committed for trial on Tuesday at the Hawthorn Polioe Court on a charge of stealing a water-meter. PARAMO is a splendid medicine for com- plaints ot liver and kidneys. MARUPA cures asthma, coughs, and all bronchial affections. NATMATA prevents and cures diarrhœa vomiting, and general sickness. KARANA is a most excellent tonic, giving splendid tone to (he stomach. IF you suffer from any of these complaints kindly give these medicines a trial, and note the great benefit to yourself. The nineteenth annual show of the Victorian Dog and Poultry Society was opened on Wednesday in the Exhibition Building, and will be continued till to-night. A pitiful case of destitution was brought to light on Tuesday by Plain-clothes Constable Booth, who was making some inquiries in Kelvin-place, off Cardigan- sgtreet, Carlton. He had occasion to enter a hovel occupied by on old woman named Mary Bolam. The woman, who is 70 years of age, was lying on a worn- straw mattress, her only covering being a few dirty rags and the remains of what had at one time been a blanket. The only furniture in the place was a table and a broken iron bedstead. Booth thought it would be an act of charity to arrest the woman on a charge of vagrancy, but he had to request one of the neighbours to give the required clothing before he could convey her to the local watchhouse. Later on she was brought before the Carlton Court and re- mended (sic) for a week. In the meantime an effort will be made to get her into the home of the Little Sisters of the Poor. Mr. Louis Striet, who describes himself as a gentleman, and who resides at 127 Station-street, Carlton, has sworn criminal summonses against Patrick Hewitt and Henry Middleton, hotel- brokers, of 315 Collins-street, charging them with having robbed him of 101 sovereigns on the 1st inst. The sum- monses are made returnable at the City Court on the 18th inst. A heated discussion took place at the meeting of the Port Melbourne Council on Tuesday night, on the recommenda- of the public works committee that no action be taken in the matter of the reduction of the duty on sanitary ware as recommended by the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works. The re- commendation of the committee was upheld. At its meeting on Monday night the Coburg Council decided tb accede to the request of the Ballarat City Council to urge their Parliamentary representatives to oppose the bill conferring certain electoral rights on defaulting ratepayers. The Railway Commissioners,visited the South Yarra station on Tuesday, and found the accommodation on the Chapel- street side of the line in such a state of disrepair that they determined to have it rebuilt in brick at an estimated cost of about £600. The booking-office is to be removed nearer the centre of the plat- form, so as to do away with the necessity of two entrances. The buildings on the western or Melbourne platform side will merely be put in repair and repainted. 