tyeaMntrietf ¥anet'e4 i -*i^c 1 DELIGHTFUL CUAWGE. 1 Crashed Tragedian : ' I am going into the ! jeart 0f tho wilderness to camp out for the 1 -noxt three weeks.' Incmiring Friend : ' Going into tho wlder BCBS in January ? Why, man, do you realise ilinfc vou'll he eaten up alive by flies and ^Crashed Tragedian : ' My dear boy, you do not Becm to comprehend that after six months experience of pestering critics a siege of mosquitoes and flies wonld be sweet relief. . AN OLD ACQUAINTANCE. A Scotch magistrate, who is by profession a uawnbroker, experiences rather awkward things now and then. The other day an old ?woman came into the police court and asked the occupant of the bench if he would sign ibis ' bit affidavit' — sho having lost a pawn tisket. The bailio reddened, and told her to «o and get a witness. The old woman was Don-plused for a moment, but she soon recovered and said pawkily ? 'You micht sign it, bailie ; he wants it oot for the Qncen's Birthday. It's yon waist coat, yon ken.' The implied acquaintance of the magistaat© irith ' yon waistcoat' was too much for the gravity of the court. THS END OF THIS DAT. There is a quiet bour whan day ia done And the blue eky i» darkened, gray and cold And atfirs come forth unto their nightly watch When the old Bights my eyes once more behold. There is a dream that oft and oft recurs Of perfect d«ya that never have been j-ot _ When we shall do the things that make life sweet ; I dream this dream agHin — igain forget. nOBfO.v's CHOICE. A lawyer was defending a burglar. The burglar's wife was in the witness box, and tho prosecuting attorney was conducting a vigo rous cross-examination. 'Madam, you are the wife of this man ?' 'Yes.' 'Yon knew he was a burglar when you married him ?' 'Yes.' ' How did you come to marry such a man ?' 'Well,' the witness said sarcastically, ' I iras getting old, and I had to choose between a lawyer and a burglar.' The cross-examination ended there. A QUICK CUKE. The other evening an immense crowd got jammed in tho theatre lobby and some women grew hysterical. 'Oh, I shall faint!' exclaimed a stout ? blonde, looking piteously at her escort. Men on all sides glanced at her sympatheti cally, and those nearer made a frantic effort to give the stout blonde more room. Her es cort looked into her face tenderly. 'I am going to faint!' she cried, and she got ready to fall gracefully into his arms. 'Well, faint!' shouted a robnstlady at her elbow. 'For heaven's sake, faint and be I done with it, for the rest of us want to get I' J ^ _ Some people glanced at her indignantly, and others tittered ; but the stout blonde who was about to faint braced up suddenly and con cluded she wouldn't. No snifE of salt could havo done the business qu'ickor or more satis factorily. SETTLING A KNOTTY QUESTION. A lady heard a tremendous racket in the Iritchen, and upon investigation found her two boys, Jim and Bob, engaged in a rough and tumble fight. 'What do you mean by all this noise?' cxclaimed the indignant mother. ' Stop kicking each other, and let go each other's hair. Jim, take your thumb out of Bob's ear. What are you quarrelling about ?' The bovs separated and Bob exclaimed : 'We are quarrelling about which is the best behaved boy. Jim says he is the best behaved boy, and I say he is a liar.' Here the two clinched again, and the lady had to pour cold water on them to get thom apart. The question as to which is the most quiet orderly boy has not yet been decided. A SHOOTING STAB. From Ariadne's crown Something came flushing down, Over the distant town, Over the river Bad sleeping farms ; The planetB above teemed to wink As they watched the traveller sink ; And motherly Earth, I think, H»y have folded a little lost star in her arms. THE ENGINES WERE ALL ltlGHT. The captain of a Cunard liner found that liis ship was not doing the speed he consi dered she ought to. He, went down to the duel engineer, a hard and dry Scot, and an amateur violinist. The captain knocked at the door; but the Scotch reel played on a fiddle was the only answer to his summons, so he burst the door open. 'Mr. Mac,' he thundered, 'what aro you about ? I am not at all satisfied with your engines ? we go like snails, sir.' Mr. Mac made a flourish with his bow, and aftor a jolly crescendo said : 'Sir, my engines should hae been in Liver pool three days ago. It's your slow old ship that's at faut !' WHY MEN DRINK. _ Food Crank Doctor : ' Bread is tho staff of life? Nonsense. If you eat it when it is fresh you will die of indigestion. If you cat it when it is stale you will die of disease germs that have lodged in it. In short, there is nothing so fatal to life as bread.' Patient : ' Then you advise me to eat something else ?' Food Crank Doctor : ' My dear follow, Bcionce has little to offer you in the way of advice. Everything else is as deleterious as bread, and, of course, to eat nothing at all ?will result in death by starvation.' Patient: 'Great Scott! Then the only tiling for mo to do is to take to drink.' A PARABLE. One went east nnd one went west Across the wild sea-fonm, And bjfch were on the selfsame quest. Now one there was who eared for naught, So stayed at home : lot ot the three twas only he Who reached the goal — by him unsought. CONCLUSIVE PROOF. Mother : ' I sent yon my photograph. Don t you think it is a good likeness ?' . Married Daughter : « Well, I should say it m. It is so life-like that when my husband saw it ho turned as pale as a ghost.' before and after. Husband ('whose wife has been reproving ™ f°r smoking in hor presence) : You often used to say before wo wore married, ' Oh fcreorge, I do so lovo tho odour of a eood cigar.' fa''' Wife : Yes, that sort of thing is part of a young lady's capital. NIOHT. In tho still and sweet of thd night, O the wakening ont of droams, Ere ever a line of light; Through the gate of the morning streams ! — With never a roof above That the sweep of our joyance mare, Only the Bky, and the love Of the brotherly infinite stars ! In tho still and sweet of the night, 0 the voicing of wondrous things From the druid firs on the height, And tho lipa of the lowland springs ! — From sibylline tongues that tell The truths that the af-es teach, Loosed from the day's deep spell Into soft articulate spcech ! In the still and sweet of the night, 0 the sense of soul-release — From the passions and pains that blight In the dewy halms ot peace ! The brooding rapture of re?t, Free from the fret and feud, Close to the earth's warm breast In her loving Mother-mood ! A SUBJECT OF DOUBT. Tramcar Driver : ' Me and mj off horse has been working for the company for twelve ycarB now.' Passenger: 'That so? The company must think a great deal of you both ?' ' Well I dnnno. Last week tho two of ns were taken sick, and they got a doctor for the horse and docked me a day's wages. Get up there now, Betsy !' WHERE IS FAIRT-LAND f Sages have never seen its summitsgleaming. Nor heard its rivers flow ; Lovors and posts and joung children dreaming — These are the ones that know. 