RELIGIOUS NEWS. St. Peteu's Oatbedbal. — In memoriam services to tbe late Rev. Francis Williums were held in St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday. In the morning proper Psalms (xxxix. aud xu.) were ohauted ana appropriate lessons road. The sermon was preached by Canon Poole, who took as bis text ' Mark tbe perfect won and behold the upright' (Psalm xxxvii. 'j&). Ue referred to bis intimate acquaintance with tbe deoeased, extending over a period of twenty-seven years, and dwelt on bow bttuced his powers and ability for the prosperity aud btmuiit of St. Peter's College. After he retired the deceased gentleman was put on the Board cf Governors, as his advice and counsel ?were found to be so helpful. By the Standing Committee of Synod Mr. Williams waa looked up to as a man of right judgment aud round wisdom, and when Buthop Kennion appointed him his ohaplain the wholo Diooese showed its approval. The anthem ' Happy and blest are they' (Mendelssohn) was sung, and after the bless* ing bad been pronounced tbe ' Dead March' was played. Morning prayer was followed by plain celebration of Holy Communion. The ucual service, with the special anthem 'Brother, thou art gone before' (Sullivan), was held in the evening. The Precentor (the Rev. \V. S. Milne) preached from tbe text ' Be ye also ready' (St. Luke xiL 40). During tbe course of bis remarks be pointed out bow the prayer-book reoommuided one to often re ceive tho Holy Communion as the means of being always in readiness to die. St. Petkb's Collegians' Association.— The annual Churoh service in oonnection with St. Peter's Collegians' Association was held in the Collage Cuapel on Sunday evening, BUhop Harmer preaohing. The service took the farta uf an in memoriam to the late Rev. Francis Williams, formerly Head Master of St. Peter's College. Dr. Harmer took as his text— 'Keep innooeuoy, and take beed uuto the thiug that is right, for that shall bring a m&n; psaca at the last' (Psalms xxxvii. 33). H* said that to many of them there the dead spoke with a tenfold power as they pictured the well-remembered form of the late Rov. ilr. William* leading the sacred admini strations of that ohapel or heard bis voice again upraised with oharao'terutio clearness in reading or in exhortation. But he spoke now not in words of encouragement or of warning, but by the moro eloquent example of a com pleted life on earth rendered up to Him who made it, to be received into that oluser relation with bis Master m tbe paradise of God. And if he might) venture to express iu onesentenoa the utterance whioh that completed life appeared to him to frame, it was to be found in the injunotion of tbe psalmist— 'Keep innocenoy, and take head to the thing that is right, for that shall bring a man peace at tho last.' It had been well said ' Greater than anything else is eduoation.' Vastly greater than any question about how many facts and sciences the teasher might have taught his pupil, there must always be the other question into what pr.sence be bad introduced him and before what standard be had made his pupil stand, for in the answers to these questions were in volved all the deepest issues of the pupil's charaoter and life. He who had passed away from among them set up with an unfaltering hand tbe standard of innocency and right. In the simplicity of his own life and habits, in the singlemindedness of his character, in his scorn of taking advantage of another's igno rance fur bis personal aggrandisement, in tbe anxiety 'which shrank from all publioity,' in bis quiet obedience to the eall of duty, in bis striot attention to the ordinary avocations of life ha was indeed an example to the boys he taught. Refusing to ask whether aota were popular or expedient or profitable, he insisted oa asking whetbor each aot was right. St. Peter's Sohool could well olaim to nave led tho v*n in endowing South Australia with great and noble sons. As one looked at the list of honour* insoribed in tha school room again and again one found names whioh had reached the front rank ia tho aunals of the oolony, and it was a glorious ambition for every boy to determine that, God helping him, he would climb the ladder ot honour and leave his mark in the history of bis generation. Success, however, was thi privilege of the few, but all could live a life of stainless purity and of unswerving reositude. He concluded by eloquently ex horting tbe boys that they would so act that there would be no dark spot in their lives upon which scandal could fa'nd feeding plaoe, and then whether their career was brilliant or commonplace they would have dowered tbe city and colony with the onoeless gift of one more citizen of uprightness, of integrity, and of honour. St. Pacl'8 Chcecb.— A confirmation ser vioe wm beld at St. Paul's by Bishop Harmev on Sunday morning, when tbe Church was oronded to its utmost capacity. After a pro ceMional hymn the Bishop gave a short but impressive address to the candidates, exhort ing them U- ramamber »b» twofold moaning of the rita of confirmation. Firstly, tbat of themselves confirming the vows of their baptism ; and, secondly, being confirmed by the Holy Ghost and mado full mem bers of Christ's Churoh. The Reotor, Rev. J. Suntor, B. A... then presented nineteen oandiaates, 12 males and 7 females. After these bad been confirmed tbe Bishop gave a second address, in whioh he pointed out tbat the confirmed were not proof against tempta tions, but only given more strength to fight agaiust them. Ha compared tbe elements of air, light, and food as baing symbolized in the Obristian'6 life by prayer, the Bible, and the Holy Co -amuaion. He urged them to attend tbe sacrament of the Holy Communion regu larly and with due preparation. The address was attentively listened to throughout. In tbe eveniug the Reotor preaohed to a large congregation on 'Liberty,' this sermon being thu third of a tema on kindred subjects. The solo 'If with all your hearts' (Elijah) was effectively sung by Mr. T. Wilkinson, followed by .Mocfarren'e setting of 'Tbo Lord in my shepherd,' sung by toe ohoir. Mr. \7ilkinnon, who has taken an active part ia the Churoh work both as a member of the choir and a lay reader, is leaving the colony for Weatnrn Australia, and after the service be was presented with an address, signed by the Rector, Warden*, and roeinbors of the ohoir, expressing regret at bis departure and wishing him godspeed. At tbe conclusion of the Htrvioe the ' Dead March' was jilayed, aa a token of re« pect to tD9 memory 0/ the Jate Rev. Francis Williams. Gicls' Fbiendlt Society.— On Thursday eveniug the members of the St. John's Branch of the Girls' Friendly Society held a very enjoyable social in St. John s Sohoolroom. Occasion was taken to bid 'Good-bye' to Mrs. Poole, who is severing her connection with the Society on account of leaving for Ballarat at an early date. Music, songs, and games wero indulged in, and Canon Poole kindly contributed a humorous reading. 'Before adjonrning to tbe supper-room, Mrs. St. Bsrbe-MiJler and Mies Webrstedt, auto oiatee, on behalf of themselves and the mem bers of tbe Sooiety, presented Mrs. Poole with a very handsome set of fruit knives and forks, and bread fork, the former lady reading an affeotionate letter of farewell signed by all the members. Gjanon Poole thanked the Society on behalf 01 bis wife for tbe handsome present, and alluded in foeliug terms to their approaching departure. He knew that their thoughts would vrry often wander back to the happy times they bad spent in Adelaide, and be could promise tbat whenever any of them should visit Ballarat tbat the most hearty and warmest welromo would be extended to them by nil members of bis family. Memorial Service.— A memorial service was held on Sunday morning at tbe North Adelaide Baptist Churoh in connection with tbe deaths of Mra. T. Good and Mrs. E. S. Wigg. The Cburoh was filled, and nearly every one proseut wore tbo gsrb of mourning. The service w*i conducted by the pastor, tbe Rev. Edwin H. EUis. Tbe anthem 'Vital ?park' was rendered by the ohoir, and was followed by a sermon from Rev. xiv. 13. After dilating on the text tbe preacher said Mm. T. Good had bean a member of the Church for fifteen yearn, and wa- lov«d by all who knew ber ; her gentleness and kindness endeared her to many, and she would be sadly missed by others besides those in tbe home circle. Mr*. Tu 3. Wigg had been oonneoted with the Cburoh thirty-seveu years, having joined in tho early days when tbe Church rn*t on Lffevre-torrace, the site of tbe old -? ? ' ' - - now b«ing occupied by tbe bou»- in whioh Mr*. Wigg lived so long ; she b».. . . . * ouiet, useful, God-honouring life. Professor I've* officiated at tbe organ, and at the close of tbe service played the 'Dead Maroh.' Patsiotic Goldmikers.— Writos the Mur~ chiton Tima of July IS:— 'A rumour was circulated in Cue on Thursday night tba: war had beon declared between England and Russia, and immediately Austin ? street swarmed like an anthilL The whole affair was, of course, a canard, but it stirred the manly bosoms of our population to a state of reazy. The Mavor received the following patriotio off-.f :— * Earing as ow youd ad news that a wor a4 broke out bet weed Uinslaud aad Rhujsi», I most respeckfully beg to off»r my services as a recruit, thinking as ow you would enlist a regimint from tbe Cue. Me and my mates is all out of work and etoney, iring spent our last quid to buy a miner's wright with whioh to prospeck this beautiful sountry ; and bein binglub to the baokbone we would ail the hopnortumity of leaving this lalubnous spot and fighting for our Queen and country at tbe lowest rate of wages. Let us call our r*gim»nt the 'Cue Foisioker*' Brigade.' Oping you will list meatonit.— zcur umble wrvant, Paddy McOohkeb, miner'e rite 1 11C04. ' ' 