H THE I HOUSE OF RI1M0N. ^^1 ? *- H A Story of the 'Black Country' of H South Staffordshire. ? By I JBANIB GWYNNE BETTANY, H ( Author of ? .'Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies,' &c.; ? CHAPTER XII. H Over a week had passed, and Mr. H Backbit observed this fact to Mr. Rini H mou iu his dining-rooni, seated upon H the table, Ms hat upon his head the I Kions way before, his hands thrust H deep into his iiockets, his eyes terribly H i)ioo(L=liot. He next gave it as his . ^H opini'^11 titat Kizzy had f alien into one ^H of tliose worked-out mines, and ex ^H pressed his intention, should this turn ^H out to be the case, of -throwing his ^H uncle's body after her. Then recol ^H leering that he had during tJie week ^H exhausted all possible epithets upon ^H jii'. Itiminon, he began to rain abuse ^H inpon the colliery proprietors of the ^H neighborhood. 'It's disgraceful,' he ^| said, 'the way they leave these pits, ^H -vrittout so much as a fence around *^H Tiern. let alone bricking them over; ^H tbouirh the place is swarming with ^H children. It gives me the horrors to ^H wilt across the Old Park on a dkrk ^H niglit: 1 always expect the next step to ^H lead me inro one of these infernal holes. ^H And they go and undermine the whole ^H distrieL and then move farther off, and ^H let the bind for building purposes, ^H though the houses sink and fall, and ^H fliey know it.' ^H -'Well, I'm not a colliery proprietor,' ^H Kplit-il his uncle. ^H -if you're not, you buy the land,' re ^H jorted his nephew, 'and build cottages ^H on it.' ^H ?'Well,' said Mr. Rimmon, savagely, ^H 'it's right enough on population ^H grounds. The neighborhood's oyer ^H crowded enough; it's better for those ^H *iio are left, if a house falls and kills ^H i few. I suppose.' ^H 'Very fine philosophy,' responded his ^H Kpliew 'with a sneer. 'But nature ^H mil carry off your mother soon eno'ugh, ^H at all events, without your putting her ^H in one of those cursed houses.' Then ^^B nauming to his abuse, of the colliery ^B jffoprietors,- he said, 'They always put ^H off repairing their machinery, too, and ^H eot«t buy a new rope till the old one ^H has broken and dropped a cage full of ^H jhnman beings down the pit. But I ^H suppose you'll say- that's right on popu ^H Jadon grounds.' ^M 'The men are as careless as the nias ^H ters,' rejoined Mr. Rimruon, bridling. ^M They continually light their pipes at ^fl tbeir lamps, though they know an ex ^H plosion may foilow.' ^H The time when this conversation was ^M lieiDg held was about 3 in the after ^B wou. The two had been out all the ^H Bioniing, and were now waiting for ^H Sarah to bring them some refreshment. ^H Tie clouds came over very heavy, and ^H a-fluek fog caone on. They were com ^m pelted to light the gas. Just then ^M Sarah entered with a tray of refresh ^U ments, and as she stood in the door ^m iraj- a sound like the ci-ash of a hun ^M dred thunders rang through the air. ^M Sarah lei her tray falL crying- at the ^B same time, 'It's an explosion,' and pre ^H dpitaiely fled. ^M The two thus left together with the ^M Trr«c-k of their lunch, gazed at each ^H other with eleyated eyebrows. Neither ^1 spoke for a moment, -till Mr. Hackbit ^H removed his hat slowly, scratched his ^H iead deliberately, and curtly ejaeulat ? ed, i(The devil !' ^H This opened his companion's lips, . ^m who said, 'You may depend it's an ex | ^H ptosion at Troworth Mine, for Hedgely ; ^M refused to have the patent lamps there. ? ^H :Werd better go.' ^m 'How many do you suppose were in ^M ffie.nime at this time?' asked Hackbit ? ^M 'Three or four hundred.' WM 'Look here/' said the lawyer, 'if ?? Eizzy is anyw^here in the neighbor ^B hood this will bring her out; for never ^B a.; man is burnt in the pits but she goes . ^m to see if she can do anything.' ^M WMle they talked, an endless tramp . ^m iras heard in the road outside, and ^H fond wailing. \- H Iroworth^Hill Coal Mines are situat r H ed on the opposite side of the town of ' ^M Jnmley to that on which Mr. Rimmon H liv«d; and Hackbit and his uncle fol H Jmved the direction of the tramping . ^m feat across the Old Park, through the i. ^M ffiaeputable, dirty li'ttle crowded town, d ^M Ttiiffih had nearly always its pestilence ^ H asTthe summer came round, as it had t ^M always 3ts pestilence, summer -and win l| H ter, of vice and profanity. Neither e H ^ Rimmon nor Mr. Hackbit coiild be id ?? sain to notice these £acts much, as they % H hau iKrth been hrought up in the neigh ^ ? foorhood; and what we are accustomed d ^M to does not shock us. H Tie shops in the town appeared de H swied, and the bhickened snow bore ? Sie mark&TOf; moltitud.es of feet. H Before they Teached the spot, they \- H sasv lights moving, and their tiiroats a? H 1s8re filled wia smoke and sulphury s, H fapor. At last iiey got close to the *? H 'Wailing crowd, consisting chiefly of sl H women whose imebands were in the it- ? ntoe-^too often their sons also. H feiyers and oathsjnhigled strangely in \- ? fieir conversation, wMch Tvas disjoint a,- ^| *^. and chiefly at the screaming pitch. __ H Gauds of hot smoke -were vomited or ^1 fenn the pit's month. Hackbit and w ? tenm'on forced their way through the \- H Women to get near a group of gentle & ?? men who were^close to the pit's mouth. _^ H ftoy were the proprietors, together ^ H Jfitn the engineer. a- H 'Can you acooTint for this, Mj\ Mur ~ H HiKkT' asked Mr. Rimmon of the near id. ? fist of these gentlemen. . c I 'It^3 tl1^ lamps, I expect,' he replied. go ? ^e should have had the Davys in sl. 5 ? fe^days.' ? Had any of the men come up before m ? &is; occurred?' -continued Mr. Rimmon. ? 'Every soul is down that -went down ? &ismorning.;' ? 'How long do you think it will, be ? before any one can venture down the I ^?' H 'It would be death to any-'One who ? iWent down yet' ? ThLs convJensation^ : wfls.*extreinely =dif- ? nculi. to carry on, owing 4o *hei«ttrieks ? tf the women, wiio called incessantly, 6 I ?9an't T-ra °-o anythink to save 'em?' ** ? Tsn't there a man among you?' I «*&?? Murdock tried to speak to them, I a ^y i^^sed^at him as theauthor-of * ^M ™^r misery, and demanded thefe irus ? hands and sons and fatSiers at Iris I ^fds,- with threats and entreaties. H i^f wman, fren^ed, tried to throw H k self dowi1 the^pit, and'was dragged '? «^ck by main .force. m H 'AJiT' shrieked a woman's voice I *0Te an the rest, 'I kn6w,*here'd toe ? wis to- day;.tforxUda'±-my4»oor masterfs id H ffi com^ home to one at 7 this monir 3\. I ^S. him as has always toeen for years a ? 'Pwa the pit*with iiim.' ? ilnrdock -was again-asked; when some ? wie would be seat down the pit to the ? fc^Ue' He **&&£& calmly that he f. H ^^ would go as soon as, lie could, ? ™w at present it would be sheer mad ' ? ^ t0 attemPt; *t ' - ? Mnac aaer,4io- ar4iie crowd iwateined, refusing to stir. Rmimon and Haekbit had been away for some time, and had; retairned again. About 10 o'clock smoke was stul issuing from, the mouth of the pit, and the clamor for relatives was -still going ©o. Murdock with his companions 'continued in consultation. It was Hackbit who addressed him this time, ''Do you think an effort oaq be made now?' he asked, in a voice quite sober. 'I shall go down with the first cage.' . A cry of ''brave man' was .heard in a woman's voice, clear and silvery. It sounded like a music bell amid all that tumult. Hackbit's eyes wandered round the torchlit crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Rimmon was; looking for the owner of the voice, too. but had not caught sight of her, for she had hidden herself immediately. Haekbit's quick ^eye had followed her, however, and he dashed after her at once. 'Oh, cousin,' he exclaimed, in a re proachful tone, 'why have you made us all so miserable?' The girl hung her head. 'T cr1^ went to hide my own misery,' she j said gently. 'I didn't: tLsiiik auybo.iy cared.' 'I care very much,' responded Hack bit. 'Believe me, cousin, I feel more for you than words can express. I will do anything, suffer anything to bring back happiness to you;' and the hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovely eyes, that had grown so pa thetic since he last beheld them, and looked larger and darker for the dark circles that now surrounded them. How pinched her little face had grown! Even Hackbit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. 'Whose baby have you got?' he asked. 'It belongs to that poor woman down there,' replied Kizzy, indicating with ?her finger. 'She fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would have been trampled to death.' 'Is there nobody the child can be given up to?' asked Hackbit. 'I don't know.' 'Perhaps the mother will come to,' suggested Hackbit. Mr. Rimmon was seeking nis nephew in the crowd, and at List perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for. mortified it was, he recognised his daughter, and went up to her. She was safe then; and what a scan dal it all wTas, her disappearance, and her turning up like this, more like a ghost than a living girl! Still, there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as he said, 'Kizzy, my child!' And truly he was alarmed enough when he saw the change that had come over her in little more than a week. TJae round plump face had grown so point ed and meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hoEow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. 'Come home with thy father, child,' said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of un deceiving his daughter. 'Let us look for the child's mother,' said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely set round one object, of interest. It was the figure of a young girl who could scarcely be 20 from her looks. One of the numerous doctors upon the spot was examining her as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon remarked that her trouble was over, at any rate; she was dead. \- 'Has this poor girl no relatives, no one who would take charge of the baby?' asked Mi: Rimmon of the by standers. 'She has neither kith nor kin, nei ther has her poor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, worse luck, at the bottom of the mine.' 'Come home with me, Kizzy,' said Mr. Rimmon again. ' I will^try and be kind to you;' and he made no objec tion to her carrying the baby with her. As they passed through Jumley town the numerous low public houses blazed out upon the darkness., and were deal ing out their vile liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their grief; vile traps, catching the miser- j able, and heaping anguish upon them i under the guise of comfort. The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with an unna tural light, making the darkness of -the j Old Park, to be traversed afterwards, doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times disliking this place, disliked it exces sively to-night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pits. This did not pre vent his offering to carry the baby, but Kizzy would not give it up. It was asleep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tone. 'Above all, cross her in nothing.' Unnecessary advice, however, for Mr. Rimmon was not -disposed to cross ner. -At the end of the Old Park Hackbit left his uncle and cousin, and retraced' his steps. He was soon again in the place of his antipathy, and carefully noted each step he took. He had got about half-way across, when a rum bling sound, followed by a crash, start led him. It was one of the threat ened houses giving way.. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As Hackbit passed through tne town he was much tempted to enter one of the public-houses, but he resisted the ?temptation. 'Hang it all,' he ?thought, 'let me go into the jaws of death sober.' When he reached the pit's mouth a cage was waiting to be lowered. 'Wait for me,' he cried. Murdock was in the cage. 'Don't you go, for God's sake,' Haekbit said. 'You are needed to right the wrongs.' There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery on the- part of Hackbit No Black Country man is a coward. All are alike ready in these emergen cies. There is never a cry for volun teers. There was a lull in the crowd as the cage was lowered-andvthose few -brave men descended to rescue -some fewj if possible, of the hundreds shut up in that fiery prison. ; .A wnite-chokered young gentleman -of some three-and-twenty years, with a very wide-brimmed clerical hat, ven tured to make a remark to some wo men in Ms- neighborhood, about ^sub mitting themselves to the- will of Pro vidence. . 'Shut thy ? mouth,' cried one of the women, 'or we'll chuck thee down th' pit' They looked go much like carrying .out-ifte threat that the curate moved away as fest.as-ne-coiild with any dig nity. Some jeens were thrown after him, and one of the women eaid, ' 'J&s;« always -the same gate. We mun»be patient, when wages is eo low as we havener enow to eat If our children die of th' fever, orom lads i' the? ex plosion, it's the visitation of God. On, if s the-plague o' parsons is the worst plague the Lord ever cent us— curse' them.' These words fell on the ear of, an, elderly gentlemen, who was standing; by, -hoping to be of use -to somebody; And lie said to the woman who had. spoken, very gently, and with much JjltteEQees— ? '? .j ? 'We clergy are great blunderers, I. fear; but, believe me, we would do toetter if we knew how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night' 'Ah! if all th' parsons was like you, we wouldner curse them,' replied. the woman. There seemed to be something hap pening at the pit's mouth now. The crowd moved as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion, and the rope flew over the pulley. 'Stand back,' cried the police. The mouth ! of the pit was filled by an object rising., j It was the cage. The torches revealed \ Hackbit and another,, each with a black burden in his arms. The charr ed masses they carried were human beings. Blankets were held Vfy the four comers, in readiness, and the poor wretches were placed in them and carried to the waggons. The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, it surged so powerfully to . wards the bodies, in order, if possible, to recognise them; but they'' were un recognisable. 'The fire's still burning in the north cutting,' said Hackbit 'We daren't go near there.' The signal was given -to lower, and down went those brave men again. After the fourth descent they were so exhausted that new volunteers came forward. In the course of the night some thirty bodies, six of which were just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XIII. In the meantime Kizzy and her fa ther and the little orphan baby had readied the dismal house. The door was opened by Mns. Rim mon herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her daughter. She woke the baby, and it began to wall piteous ly. Mrs. Rimmon was not at all sur prised to see the baby. She was ac customed to her daughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and strays. It was Kizzy she was surprised to see. When Kizzy had been placed in her father's chair she smiled faintly, and asked that the baby might be fed. Mrs.^ Rimmon busied herself in taking off Jier daughter's shoes and stockings; they were soaking wet. She then pro ceeded to put the little white feet into a hot bath, and Sarah, having fed the baby and placed it in an improvised bassinette, brought some tea for her young mistress in an incredibly short time. Kizzy tried to raise her head from the chair, but could not; so Sarah rai sed her and gave her'the tea. A kind of fog gathered on the girl's mind, and she seemed to be ip a different place, with different people; yet she frequent ly recurred to the oaby, and asked piteously that it might be looked after. 'It's fast asleep like a little angel,' said Sarah, 'in a clothes basket by the kitchen 'fire.' Kizzy closed her eyes on hearing this, and remained white and motion less. 'Don't you think we had better send for the doctor?' suggested Mrs. Rim mon in a frightened whisper. 'We could get no doctor if we sent,' replied her husband. 'You know they are all busy at the pit. Hadn't I better carry her up to befd?' While they were debating this ques tion there was a sound of wheels. They stopped opposite the house, 'and there was a ring at the door. Sarah hurried to it, in no good humor; she was afraid the baby might wake. Standing before her at the door, whom should she see but Mr. 'Saltring, with a red muffler at his neck, rivalling his red whiskers, and behind him crept Jubal. 'Good heart alive, girl,' said Mr. Saltring to Sarah, who stood still, not offering to ask him in, ' you are Sarah, aren't you? You addressed your letter all wrong, and it has only come to us to-night.' 'Oh, come in, sir,' said Sarah, who had now recovered herself; 'she's come back to- night sir, and she looks awfuL' Mr. Saltring presented himself with out ceremony before Mr. Rimmon, whose breath was nearly taken away by the sudden appearance. These i gentlemen had never met before, ! though they knew each other by repu tation. .. ! 'We've posted all the way,' said Mr. Saltring; 'we only heard to-night ! of your misfortune.' [ 'It was very good of you,' responded j Mr. Rimmon, coldly. 'You see,' said Mr. Saltring, a little quenched, by this frigidity, 'the poor boy couldn't rest, so I brought him.' Jubal had kept carefully in the shadow of Mr. Saltring all this time, but at these words he ventured to make himself visible. He instantly caught sight of the deathly face of his sister, and cried. 'Oh, Mr. -Saltring, do look at Kizzy.' Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the door,' which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him. 'Good heart alive, man,' he exclaimed, addressing Mr. Rimmon. 'Lord have mercy on us all for a pack of fools!' While Mr. Rimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this re mark, Mr. Saltring had unbuttoned his ponderous overcoat and taken out a flask of brandy, and was applying it to Keziah's lips. 'On my soul, I never saw such a lovely creature - in my life,' he ex claimed. 'My daughter's a teetotaller,' gasp ed Mr. Rimmon. « 'Rubbish!' said Mr. Saltring, contin uing to give the brandy. The girl's eyes opened, and Mr. Salt ring said, in a coaxing tone, ''There, there; that's -better, pretty dear.' Her velvet eyes fastened on Mm for a mo ment, and a faint smile nickered on her face-and went out. Mr. Saltring was thinking, *'How is it possible such a girl can ever have been, born in Jumley?' Jubal was standing near quite boldly now. He did not feel so much afraid when Mr. Saltring1 was in the house. Kizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up from his Impaling position, pushed the table out of the way, and hoisted the great sofa towards the fire. Mr. Simmon's face was stony as he watched these proceedings. 'Now,. if we had some pillows and blankets,' suggested Mr. Saltring fc- Mrs. Rimmon; and- while she- went to feteh ithem he emptied the coal-box on the fire. Kizzy was speedily made comfortable on the sofa. It must have been nearly 2 o'clock In the- morning; but this was not the only {household up in Jumley. No one went to bed in . explosion, tamest even of 'Itiose-not concerned; and, as & proof of this, the ndoor next opened to admit the head of Miss Dorcas Rimmon, who, having theard' that Kizzy /had been found, had come up to verify the fact (To be continued.) Ear, Noise, and Throat.— Dr. P. Stanich, Aural Surgeon of Imperial and Boyal University, Clinic Vienna and Halle, .A-S. Germany, attends poor Tuesdays and 'Fri days -at 461 Pitt-st, Christ Church, Sydney. 