"ALL MEN ARE LIARS." DT JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTHOR OF MAndrsw Falrfax," "Isamiel PengeIly,' &o.;, bo. Pubashed by special arrangement with aessrs. Ward, Lock # Bowden, Litd r[AI sIHTS aEn?Svn.] CHAPTER XVL crnRRE.T MORAITrt. "Be not righteous overmuch: . Be not overmuch wicked, neither be thou foolish"-SoLoeos. The Colonel looked at his son-in-law for a few seconds, as though he were in doubt how to proceed; then he said loudly "Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy; I came to tell you-came to rettle things. This is a very bad state of affairs; I don't like it, I have said so to Isabella dozens of times. I should like to be alone for a few minutes with you." "Gentlemen." I said. "there is another room at our dieposal. if you will be good .enough to follU ae SIEW 'you, thank you, you?g-Dq iel. that r? Roberts and Mr-Mr Ilford; so sorry to trouble you. I hope to see you again in a few minutes ; especially do I want to have a chat with Edgenmbe." ' As it happened, however, neither of us saw the Colonel any more that night; but Stephen told me what had taken place. '' 1--I came with my daughter s-that is -consent," began the Colonel "Yes," said Stephen; " why hsas she not answered my letters !' "Oh, young people will be young people. Why, even o'd fellows like I am get a bit huffy now and then, when we don't get our own way-ha, ha I' and the Colonellaughol uneasily. Stephen did not reply, but waited. "Isabella is a Tempest," went on the Colonel, "and she has a temper; all the Tempests have, I'm glad of it. Well, Stephen Temple. she didn't like your nonsense, neither did I. And although my girl is breaking her heart for you, she th'nus you haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you must make some some-that Is-concessions." What concessions!" "Just like a lawyer. Stephen Temple, you nail me right-down to one point. Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and and-you can be now- easily." " Yes howr' "'wel my friend Edgonmbe has weathered the storm, and has brought his ship safely into harbour. L'n't that poetical -eh ! Well, he's a rich man again. to all intents and purposes, and no doubt will give you a good allowanc'. After, all, Im almost glad you acted a you did. and I ve said sinoe,' Stephen Temple was wise after all;' it wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those-those-pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. Bat now It's all over. You can have a good allow ance again; and when that is arranged, you -you can take your wife to your heart once more, and-and be-be happy. Come now, what do you say!" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man; he could hardly understand how he could talk so. "Am Ito understand, then, that if my uncle will give me a good allowance, Isabella will consent to come back to me!' SYes, dear boy. We want to see you happy, both Edgonmbe and L Edgonmbe promise an allowance when-when we parted some months ago, and I know bhe is willing to renew his offer now everything is settled. Come now, say js, and I'll order , a bowl of punch on the strength of it." "And is this the only condition on which i Isabella will come back to me'!" "Why, of course. You couldn t expect Isabella, a Tempest. and the wife of a Temple,"--here the Colonel expanded his chest-" to go into lodgings and slave like the daughter of any Dick. Tom, or Harry. No, Stephen Temple; family is family, and blood is blood. Irabella Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy her eame; she must live like a lady wherever abe goes. I am a poor man; bat, thank God. I're taught her the rights of a lady." " Which is most worthy the rank of a lady!' asked Stephen; "to live in com partive luxury on money to which she as no right, or to live in comparative poverty on money honestly earned '" "What do you mean!' asked the Colonel " What right have I to an allowance from my uncle!" asked Stephen. "'He has not paid his creditors more than a third of what be owed them." " The whole matter has been settled at a cors of law; the law bas passed judg ment," replied the Colones, "and thus Edgcumbe is free." *'The law has nothing to do with it. Whatever the law says, he owes this money ; It does not belong to him, but his creditors." -'I respect the majesty of the law." replied the ColoneL '"True, I don't like these bankruptcy prooeedioge; they are are-well, infra dig.; but the affair is over; and what your uncle has now, is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants you. Let us settle things amicably." "I do want my wife," said Stephen; but if she will come under no other con. ditions than these, I must remain as I am." "Do you mean to say you will not take this money ?' "Certainly not." The Colonel turned purple. "Refuse a thousand a year " he gasped. "Certainly, if it is not my own, and does not come to me fairly." "Yon-you blackgnard r' he cried. "You marry my daughter, you take her away from home, you low-lived scouandrel, hea you discard her." "? don't,"replied Stephen; "Iwillonly tooa gsy welcome her back, if she will come a -* yife should" "A Tempapanome back to lodgings sucb as you can give hte~" shouted the Colonel ; "never! Apretty sense ofhonour you've get, to marry a wife and then expect her father to keep her." "You know it is a lie," said Stephen. " Ever sinee sheJeft, I have sent her, as you know, every farthing I could scrape to gether." I' "A paltry trifle i" "It all I had," sa'd Stephen: "an~d certainly no~t too ma'l a sum for you to accept. Cole, Colonel, don't make me think worse of you than I think already. Have some sense of honour I" " You say this to me I" gasped the COJlonel; "but you shallsuffer for it. Bt Ill no longer breathe such polluted air." A little later Stephen callea as back ag in, and I knew from his pale, blhnched fIa how keenly he had been seUffering. ie neversaid anything thatnight, however, and shortly after both his uncle and IllWford took their leave. "' Lok here, Stephen," said Ilford. taeorr S they left; "don't make your life mers miserable than you can help. 1l ke the best of this dirty world, my lad. Ge into society and drink what pleasures it has. Give up these foolish ide als of youre, accept frats, and make the best of them." "Thank you," said Slephen; and then hbe held out his hand to his uncle. "I sball give you no advice." sa'd Luke; "you know what I think, and what I will g~Ladly do for you ;" and I couldn't help seeing a look of re?l affection ahinieg out ot the cynic's eyer. For some time after this I thought I saw a slight change for the better in my friend. That is, he looked happier. He seemed to forget his dark, gloomy forebodings, and was ,more like his old eel'. Daring the time I had li ed in Batterea, I had become acquainted with several welt to-do families living at Wandsworth .Common, and I was often in' its 1 to houses at ,Cl-pham Common, I had s:okeu about Stephen to people I knew and had so inter. eeeel them in him that. on one or two occasions when they had invited me to their houses, an invitation had also come for my friend. Up to this time ho had refused them; -but when one day=-'bout a fortnight after his uncle's visit-I ehowed him a letter, containing an invitation to a gatheriog at a house at Clapham Common -both fir myself and him, he told me he would be very glad to accompany me. Aoonrdingly, on the evening in question, we started for Clapham Common. On cur way I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Qaoen's Road. She was an old woman nearly seventy years of age, and was troubled a great deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancinog, it was very cold, and I had told her that if she expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we entered the room which she occunpied-for Stephen went with me-we found her sitting beside the ghost of a fire, having sold, as she told me, an article of furniture to buy coals. "Iwa 'bliged to do it," she explained, "and 'twas 'ard; you see, 'twas bought by my 'nsband afore ee died. Poor Bill, no didn't think 'twould come to this I B?tI'm a-goin' to start to- morrow, I am. Two of my old customers hen kept some things for me; so now, please God, I'll rub on all right till next witer." "'What do you do for a living? " asked Stephen. " I'm a laundress," replied the woman. "Ye see, I'm not strong enough to go out a-nhirin' like I used to, and I takes 'ome washin', and I does it as I'm able. I've got a good bit behind wt' my rent while rye bin poorly, and you know washin' is had for the bronchitis. Ye see, what with 'the steam. and the heat indoors, .and then a-takin' back the things in the cold, 'tis ter'ole tryin', tor'ble ; but summer is comin' on now, so I don't mind." "And how much do you owe for rent !" asked Stephen. "*I owe four weeks," replied the o'd woman, "and that at five shillin' a week do make a pound." "` And how much can you earn when you are in full work ?" * Oh. sometimes Imake asmuch as twelve shbiilin', bhut it do seldom got to more'n ten." "Then how will you manage to pay your back rent?' " Oh, Ill have to do it by littles, I will. My landlord hev bin patient with me, 'cause I've bin 'ere so long and paid so reg'ia'. I can do all right in the summer. It's the winter I dread so." " And how old are you ?" "I wer sixty-nine last Chrislmas. You see, rm not so spry as I was, and my jointa a3he a goodish bit; but I'm goin' to try and keep out of the big house as long as I can." " A most respectable old woman,' I said to Stephen when we left the house a few minutes later. " S3ber and industrious." ' Are there many like her " he asked. "Oh, yes, many. Battersea is crowded with laundry peopl'." "And are they all as badly off as she '" " Most old people are worse. You see. she's sober and saving," "`Savinog' he exclaimed. "God have mercy upon them I It seems to me that those who drink and drown their care are best off." Little more was said about the question just then, and, soon after, we reached the bonse of Mrs Augustus Price. This lady's house was exceeding popular, and that for many reaEons. Fre.t of all, Mrs Augustus Price was very popular. Mr Augustus Price, who had been, when in the flesh, an egg and butter merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. She had set up an establishment at Kensington, and tried to be a leader in fashionablesociety; butt omehowashe filed. It is true that her money gained her admia slon to many. desirable houses; but she did not climb to the position she wanted. She therefore removed to Clspham Common, whore, although the people were not so highly connected as those in Kensington, f she established herself as agqeen of a cartain order. Mrs Price, who was about thirty five years of ege, prided herself upon having many unconventional idea "I'm original, or I'm nothing," she often said; and so ehe sought to maintain herreputation by making her house a veadeeeous for people holding all shades of opinions. And such is the power of gold, accompanied by an amount of beauty, shrewdness, and audacity, that she accomplished what she desired. `' I'm a woman of open mind," she said. "What are opinions? A matter of tempera ment, edcastion, and saociations. All aorta of opinions shall be represented at my house." And, true to her word, all sorts of opinions were represented there. Tae High Cnurch vicar and the Radioal Dissenting oarson met there ; and, although each hated the other's ways like poison. they pocketed their dislike and accepted Mrs P,iee's in citation, not caring to mak? l an enemy of a lady who gave such delightful dinners, and whose cheques were so acceptable. The Scocial't also sat at her table, providing he were sufficiently respectable, as well as the rigid Conservative. Theosophists, atheists, agnostics, frocked curates, and believers in all sorts of New Jerusalems received Mrs Price's invitations. ' Let them be.lever, well educated, well dressed, and-respectable," Mrs Price would say, "and the more curious their opinions the better. They give life, interest; they are like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Mrs Augustus Price's gatherings, then, were of a cosmopolitan nature; and, as I expected, when Stephen and I arrived, her house was full of people holding very diverse opinions. Stephen immediately made a good impres. sion on our hostess. She saw in an instant that he was clever ,and his fine, interesting facer added to what I bad said to her con cerning him, won her interest immediately. "You've been asked in a most unoon ventional way, Mr Edgoumbe," she said; Sbut then I'm an unconventiona woman In fact, I hate what's supposed to be proper. Scyou'll find people here holding all sorts, of views, but mostly they are people of - brains. In fact, whatever else I can dis pene with, I cannot dispense with-brain,. Money I care little about, social position doesn'ttrouble me, but brains-I adore 1 So I try and make my gatherings feasts of reason. There'll be little or no danolong. and that kindof thing ; but conversation on art, soience, literature, and-religion--all sorts of it, you know." I felt the speech to be load, and not in best of taste; bht Mrs Price was a fine looklrg woman, and she smiled very sweetly on Stephen, who seemed to appreciate her welcome. Certainly there was no restraint at Mrs Price's house. The peop'e were chatting very freely, and the conversation was not of a nature which one too often finds in polite gatherings. Society small talk as at a disconot. As our hostess had said, the people had brains. and thus mausio, pictures, politics, and books were discussed with a greal deal of cleverneso, I was glad, too, to see that my friend was apprecia:ed in the circle. For my own part I was never a gifted talker, and I wondered why hlr Price cared to have me; but I soon saw that Stephen would become afavourite. Before long I noticed him in earnest con versation with a young lady, whom I cennot describe better than by saying she wao straw-coleured. Her hair was straw olcured, includiog her eyelashes and eye brows, her skin was etraw- coloured, and the trimmings of her dress were straw-colonred -in fact, that was the chief characteristic about her appearance, "I never go into ordinary saciety during Lent," she said, " and of course we are io the middle of Lont now. I wouldn't go to a tl e itre or to a dance for the world during Lunt, you know, although I adore theatrec and danoes, as a general thing. But, of course, irs Price's evenings are differtnt; they are so serious. so intellctual, yen know, and we talk on all subjects seriously." "Are you a Catholic 1" "A Catholic, but not a Roman Catholic I belong to the Anglican Cnurch, St Herr 31agdalene's, you know. It's deliphtfull) high, of course. I hate low churches." "And you doo't call th's £cieg into ordinary society ?' "Oh deer, no, Of ouroe, I wcnldn't come here ona Fridayj bhaevenou cilrte, the Rev. Mr Cross, is here to:nIght.: and I believe our vicar, the Rlev. Canon Tovely. is coming presently, so you see I'm quite safe.'. " Oh, yes, quite safe," said Stephen with a smile. . - SIsn't it delightful to see such trust and faith.in our spiritual pastors and masters Mr Elgcnmbe ?' said some one close to him. Stephen turned and saw a man about fifty, with blear eyes and an iron and grey moustache, who had been introduced to him as Mr Hunter. "Dlightfunl, indeed," responded Stephen ' Not that I am guilty of such trust and faith myself,' laughed the man, with a leer; " but I appreciate it in those who do, especially in Miss Coolie ;" and he bowed to the atraw.coloured young lady. "I'm a Ead rake myself," he went on; "but perhaps I'll be converted at she eleventh hour-ha, ha I - Before he could reply, aloud voice arrested his attention, and it was the voice of a woman. "The great thing needed." she said, "is that our social laws be reformed. For my own part I m a Socialist, and I'm proud of being one. Surely it cannot be right that three millions of people should be left un certain of the absolute necessities of life, while hereditary landlords revel in wealth they have never earned." "Oh," said Mr Hunter, "our fair friend, Miss Dart, is at it again." " I have just been reading reports on the dwellings of the poor, and the condition of things is terrible, terrible in the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a dozen people living in one small room. This must be remedied." " What would you suggest ?" asked some one. " Would it not be well if you- set an example by apending a few thousands on model cottages? You might immortalize yourself at the same time." *No, indeed,' said Miss Dart. ' What is wanted, and what lies at the root of the evil, is the fact that the ground is not sufficiently taxed. Nay, I am, after all, dealing superficially. What is wanted is that landlordism shall be destroyed. Land. lords who have a clear right to the land to be oompensated, of course." ' Mise Dart is a stockbroker's daughter," said the Rev. Mr Coss to Stephen; " she is a Scclalist and a Dissenter. Her father made money by being sharper on the Ex change than other people, and by taking advantage of other men's weakness and ignorance." Dinner was announced, and Stephen sat next to Miss Dart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion. "Of course you are a Socialist, Mr E lg umbe ?" she said questioningly, after soup had been served. "I hardly know." replied Stephen. "You see, Socialism is a subj-et with serious issues. How do you define it " "Oh, the land bring nationalized; rail roads, coal-mines, gas-works, and all those things made the propertyofthe people ; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of the'Commons paid. I should insist on payment of members, or how can we have proper representation, Mr E lganmbe Everybody happy, and just a lovely time to. gather." "It is a beautiful pioture, no doubt," said Stephen, "only there is the fact of human nature that comes in." "Oa, I trust the people. Im a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on the working man. Mr Edgoumbe-perfectly dote on him. We had one speaking at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendidly. Oh, yes, I love the woraing man; don't you, Mr Eigcumbe!" "I'm afraid I'm behind the times, Miss Dart; but -I'm glad to see you so enthusiastic; " and he gave her a look which was not lacking in admiration. She was certainly rather handsome. She was not tall. but well formed, and finely developed. Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fascinating. She was handsomely dressed too, and on her finge a fsahed costly rings, while on her neak hang a diamond neolaoes. "I am glad I have met one so fall of sympathy towards the poor. It so happens I am interested in a poor old woman j lst at present. No doubt you will be able to go and see her;" and he related the incident which I have described in the early part of this chapter. "No, Mr Elgcumbe, no." she said; " that is not my way of working. For my own part I don't think much of individual help. Clothing societies and soup kitchens are mere palliatives; they don't go to the root of the matter. And nothing can be done until we destroy the present system of things." "And meanwhile the starving must remain starving ? " " Well, you see, we must work in our own way, musn'twe, MrEdgcumbe ? Of course yo are in favour of the abolition of capital punishment?" Stephen shrugged his shoulders; he was getting a little weary of Mies Dart. Before he could reply, however, his attention was diverted by a conversation which was being carried on at another part of the table. CHAPTER XVII. UeCONVENTIONAL SOCIEcTY. "The man who worships in the temple of knowledge must carry his arms with him as our Pauritan forefathers had to do when they gathered in their first rude meeting housee."-OLrvea WENDELL HOLoMES. "Yes," said a gentleman, who I after. wards learnt was a leader-writer for one of the daily papers, and whose voice had attracted Stephen's attention, "there is no doubt about women having their rights. I hope the men will be getting theirs soon." " Men have always had their rights, but women are being emancipated at last," re sponded Miss Dart. "Even young girls to. day are taking an interest in serious things." "Taking an interest, my dear young lady-taking an interest; they are among the most important factors of our times." ' And perfectly right," " On, doubtless. The world has suffered too long for the want of their experienc and ilfloence, far too long. But things are mnending; theyare taking the place of the old folks altog.ther. Time was when they were a little patronised. There were books specially written for young girls, and op proved by the older folks; now, as was suggested in a leader in the Doily - the other day, the young girls ought to sample the libraries and pick out the books not fit for the old folks to read. An really the suggestion is worth considering Woy ehould the old folks' morals be eon dangered by the books which our g;rls wr te and read to day! You see, these old folks mostly believe in the sacredness of marriage, and snch old-fashioned ideas. Why, then, should beoko be placed in their hands dealing with these questions: Of course, girls should be versed in the seamy side of things, and should grapple with marriage relations, improvement of marriage laws, and so on. They should study the life of those heroines who believe in making divorce easy, or, better still, do away with the marriage ceremony altogether. And of course the old folks should have such books kept out of their way; they would endanger their old-fashioned codes." Stephen was attracted by the half bantering, holf-cynical tone of the speaker, and was a little astonished that the speech caused no surprise ; but then he refloected on the words of his hostess. She hated uncon: ventiality, "For my part," said Miss Dart, "I do not see why thoughtful women should be tied down to old codes of morality. We must think out own thoughts, and adapt oursel-ves to the times in which we live. If our codes are higher than those gone before, surely the old ones should die ont. ' "' Hear, hear," said a man whom I had not seen before-a man who Mlrs. Price as sured me pretended to believe in all creeds, so far as they agreed with his own inalina tions, and who prided himself opon being called a latitud;norian. "I munt agree with our fair friend Miss Dart. Every age must work out its own system; every country must be guided by what it deems best, re 4ardless ot tradition. flsides, what is the use of gleseing over matters (qesations are in the air, and they ap talked Sbcut, and I know of no better place to properly discuss them than in novels. For my part I regard the realistic sohool of novelists as being a. great boon in our time." "Meanwhile," said Mr Holland, the leader-writer, " I think the old folks ought t. be considered. And so I hope that a few writers of the Dickens and Sir Walter Scott order, who take no delight in so-called modern problems, will be allowed to write for these dear, ignorant old people. 0 course the mental pabulum of our young people, especially our young girls,.mast be highblbly spiced, as they can't be expected to erj ,y good old love stories; but I do plead for the mothers and fathers, who in spite of the spirit of the ago, enjoy old-fashioned, healthy romances." "Isn't ir Holland old-fashionedf" said Miss Dart to Stephen; " that is, he seems to be; but no one really knows what his views are." Stephen answered her as briefly as possible and then turned to Mr Ho land. "Don't you think," he said, "that the kind of literature issued is altogether a matter of supply and demand ." "I suppose so. The cry is for realism. The critics laugh at books not rea.iatio; the modern young lady throws aside the books not realistic. Aund so-called realism generally means dirt." " And the publishers ?" "The publshers produca that which will sell. They e bnusiness men, and they re sp nd to the call of the novel-read ng public, which consists mostly of women-young women." "Then the call of young women is for dirt ?" "Delightfully frank," said Mrs Prico; " but I do like frankness." "But cruelly correct," said Mr Holland. " We move forward, you see," said M'rs Price. "This is a troth-loving age, and we will have truth at whatever cost. Cer tain things exist, whether we know them or not. How can they be removed noless they are brought to light I" "Excuse me," said Stephen, "but do realistic writers describe ocstaiu phases of life for the purpose of reforming them Are they not spoken of as neoessary accompani ments of our existene, and the natural out come of our natures ' ""Yes;" replied Mr Holland, "the modern society novel is delightfully free from moral purpose. You see, moral pur pose is inimicol to art, and the moment a writer condescends to point a moral he is regarded as a bore. Oh, you know we must have art, whatever becomes of morale. Art, as interpreted by a certain olique, is the god worshipped in literary coteries, my dear friends;"' and Mr Holland's grey eyes twinkled; "If ever you write a novel that is to be sucoessful, you must bow the knee to the critics' ideas of ARTP." " Aund moralse " suggested Stephen. " My dear air, who troubles about morals ? Did not Mr Berryman tell us just now that morals were but mere questimns of taste, age, education, and nationality-mere trifles, in fact; but art-of course art as popularly understood, never changes." A sally of laughter was the response to this speech, but I saw by Stephen's face that he saw no reason to laugh. His in. tense nature, which had been darkened by his experiences, was deeply moved by this talk. " And what kind of a moral condition does this prove ? what of the general condition of the people whose tastes lie in this direo tion?" he asked. I saw a general shrug of the shoulders, and then Mr Ho'land replied "Legis is a bad thing, Mr Edgenmbe; never trouble with logic. Don't you see where it will lead you ?' The emnversation w.s becoming more and more painfully interesting to Stephen. To many who eat at the tahle the questions dis oussedmeantnothing. True, anything s'lghtly novel was interesting to them, especially if it had a tendency to destroy existing codes; but as far as the deep, vital issues were -mons0and, thern was little hout indifference: Indeed, I am inclined to think that the or. dinary diner-out, to whom such questions give the necessary relish to an evening's gathering, never troubles himself deeply. "~it us have things as highly fl evored as we can," is his cry; but he has no idea how his statements affect sensitive, earnest men and women. For my own part I knew that Stephen was going through an ordeal, and I felt almost sorry that I had been the means of bringing him to this house. However, I could do nothing but wait and see what would follow." "However," went on Mr Holland, "things will be all right shortly. The women claim now that it is their work to reform that quintessence of iniquity called man. She ays-and by 'she' I mean the emancipated woman-that she is in the mnjarity. In the past, men have made our sootal codes, but in the future they will be made by women. In the past men have governed the women; in the future women will govern the men. Ah, thoere will be glorious times ! Once let women's views, as expressed in society novels, become fac tors in our legislation, and the milennium will come. 1 hope I may not live to see that day, much as I admire the fair sex : but then, you see, I am an old fashioned man." "For my own part," said Stephen, a flash mantling his face, " Itrut, and I am trying to believe, that you are mistaken. I re member I had a mother; and if I lost faith in the purity of womanhood-life would be -different." "Mr Edgcumbe, hold fast to your be liefs," said Mr Holland. 'I too, remember t'at I had a mother,-and I enshrine my ideal." " We are getting quite sentimental," said Miss Dart. 'Quite," said Mr Hunter: "only on fortunately idea's were born in Utopia, and I suspect our mothers were like creatures to the fair sex of to-day, only-more humdrum. No doubt a pink of propriety looks nice in a picture, but she's awfully slow and unin teresting. For my own part, I'm glad there is a little wickedness in the world it gives zst. and so'nsthing to talk about." There was a hideous leer on the man's face as he spoke, which betokened him to be what he was-a libertine at heart; but his spch went unchallenged, save for a feeble rcjoinder from the curate, to which scant respect was paid. That gentleman left immodlale'y afterwards, however, p!ead lug an engagement; but I saw that he had ben very uncomforsable through the dinner, and seemed altogether out of his element. The talk of the men over their wine reed not be related here; at the same time I saw that it affected Stephen. The subhject was the frailty of women, instanced by certain ?otreeses and well-known names in certaio poasss of society, Nothing brutally plain was said, but by prurient suggestions ond innuendo these men expressed their ideas o meerning morality. Stephen said nothieg, but I saw how keenly he listened, especially as Mr Hunter sneered at those men who " helieved in the sex." When we joined the ladies, several of tbhem were chatting, while Mliss Coolie, the etraw-coloured young lady, sang a song. "I suppose yeu know that Miss Coolie is to be married shortly 1" said Miss Dart to Stephen, who took a seat by herside. "No; who is the happy manu" " Mr Hunter." " Mr Hunter I" "Yes; are you surprised! Ha's a very good catch." "lut she told me she was a communicant at some High Church near here. She gave me the impression that she was a very rliglo?ue young lady. That wnouldn't go to a theatre or a dance during Lent, and so on. "Oh, yes, she's very religious, Orthodox, you know. I'm religious myself, only not I ke her. I take a great interest in modern tlhought, and I belong to the broad school which believes in destroying the creeds. I 'xpect I subscribe to the broad-tblhnking Unitarian school, the tendency of which is towards agnosticism. That seems the drift of all thoughtiful people now-a-days. But ,i s Coolie is very orthodox, and very high. Coes to ea,ly Sacrament and all that, yon tnow, and fasts on the proper days, and Is q?ite a CI poh devoteo.r " Ilut Mr Hunter is-is-.-- " "No, he'; not quite a saint, is he '" , "But Miss Coolie doesn't know that that--" "Of course she knows, everybody knows; but then he's a good oatoh, and it is re* garded as quite the thing." And then, as Miss Coolie stopped singing, the conversation drifted into other obannelr. (To be continued.) 