BAKING EVIDENCE. [A Complete 'Talk.] I, ' Good morning, Mrs. Joliffo ! Was your roBt disturbed again last night by the ghostly visitant which appears to make free of ray housp without the formality of an invita tion ?' ' Oh, Mr, Talbot, don't make a joko of it I resDonded tbo plump housekeeper, whose broad features, ordinarily expressive of noth ' ing but the most careless good humour, now wore a preternatural solemnity. ' Such sights aro terrible warnings to us poor ignor ant human creatures. I have been a servant in your family for more twenty years, and I am very anxious for you, sir, because'— sho drew closer and lowered her tones to a whis per; — ' because it was seen to enter your room.' Mr. Talbot laughed. ' For so stout and comfortable a person, my dear Mvs.^ J oliffo, you have a most remarkable imagination. Don't- worry about me or Mrs. Talbot. Tho ghost has given us no trouble.' ' I am not 4)110 only one who has seen tho Bpirit .sir,' said Mrs. ? Joliffo, in the same mysterious tone. '.Sarah, tho maid, saw it, too.' ' No doubt,' retorted Mr. Talbot, patting the expansive shoulder of the worthy house keeper. ' No doubt at all, Mrs. Joliffe, Bince she saw it through your eyes.' ... Laughing again with huge appreciation of his own small joke, Mr. Talbot pursued his way along the passage of tho rambling old mansion, with the measured and sedate tread of a portly, well-to-do citizen who feels him self respectable and Tespected and at peace with tho world at largo, until he reached the sitting-room, where he knew ho should find ,his wife. ' Joliffo has seen the ghost again,' ho Baid, taking possession of an easy chair, and bestowing a beaming smile on the partner of his bosom, whose somewhat acrid features nnntrontnd into a frown. 'I wondor at your taking notioe of such folly,' she responded, without raising her head from the work she was engaged on. ' If there is any foundation for it at all, it iB some trick of that precious cousin of yours to cover his nefarious designs.,' ' You aro unjust to poor Jerome,' retorted Mr. Talbot, his face darkening with a look of vexation. 'You will never do him justice beoauso our girl loves him and because I have consented to their union. Really, I do not understand why you objeot to him, Martha. Ho has no fortune, but ho is bright, clevor, energetic, certain to make his way in the world, and woll worthy of the confidence I have reposed in him.' ' Ah !' ejaculated his wife, snipping a thread viciously, ' confidence, indeed ! And what, about the monoy you have missed of late ? Remember, only you, myself and Jerome liavo the combination of tho safe.' ? ' It is true,' responded the old man, with a troubled air ; ' I cannot understand it. But I am firmly convincod of Jerome's honesty.' 'And you will marry our daughter to a ' thief — you needn't wince, I say ho is a thief — merely because she is taken by his. handsomo face, when sho might make a match with tho wealthiest and highest in the land P' ' Yes, and live a miserable, loveless lifo in payment,' retorted Mr. Talbot, ? ' Say no moro, Martha ; you have made me very un happy with your suspicions, but I shall not decide against Jerome until I have some tangible proof.' ' You will have proof onough boforo long,' answorod his wife. 'Ho will convict him self, novor fear.' On tho following morning thoro was re nowed agitation among the servants in tho Talbot mansion. The ghost had beon seen again, this timo by no loss than three persons. And, thoro was agitation upstairs as well, for Mr. Talbot's watoh, not only valuable in intrinsic worth but as an hoirloom, had been stolon from boneath his very pillow. II. Bessio !' 'Joromo!' The two young peoplo walkod arm-in-arm along the winding paths of tho gardon, feeling tho swpot inlluonoo of tho early morn as moro oxprossivo of tho emotions of thoir young lioarts than words oould have boon. For many minutes thoy paeod onward, silent for mere fullnoBS of joy in oaoh other's presonoo. Then tho young man said playfully : ' Darling, I hoar tho ghost was rampant again last night.' ' I know you do not boliovo in suoli non sonao, dear, replied ? Bessio, gravely, ' but there is some thief in our houso, Joromo. It must bo ono of tho servants, for thoro is no ovidonoo of any ono breaking in,' 'Was anything again stolon last night P' askod tlio young man, 'My father's watoli,' answorod Bossie, ' You know how lio valuod it ; but see ! mamma, is calling us from tho window. Lot us go in I' ' Your mamma is not tho most kindly dis posed toward mo,' said Joromo, as tliov walkod toward tho Iioubo, ' But I oan t blamo hor, pot, sinoo I am to rob hor of so doar a troasuro aB my Bessio,' Tho lovors tmuBod to oxohango a kiss and thon nntored tlio mansion togotnor. 'Mr, Talbot would lllco to boo you In tho oflico, sir,' saicl tho sorvant who admittod thom.l , Tho young pooplo passed along tho hall to Mr, Talbot's odlco, whioh was upon tlio ground lloor, Tharo thoy found tho old gon man and, what was an unusual oiroumatanoo, hiswifo, ' tloromo, said Mr, Talbot', with a shamo faoad air, ' I must ask you lio pardon mo for indulging my wifo in n whim, most injurious to you, my buy, as I liavo boon trying to por Huado hor, But sho, is obstinato, In short, ahom 1— woll, I may as woll out with it— sho boliovos that you nro tho porson who stolo my watoli, ' ? 'Sir!' ' Oh, mpa I' ' Don't minlako mo, Joromo, ' orlocl tlio old mem, in doop dlstrosp - ' I'd sooner tlHuk tho doyll himself luul stolon it than you, my lad, But sho is a woman and must lio unltollodi I liava your desk key, whioh I took from its usual plaao oil tho wall, but I liavo volYivhuicl from opening your desk until you should bo prosont,' I ' Do wci at onob, sir,' said Jovomo, proudly, ' and God forglvo you, madam, for your sus picions,' .?I'll' old man insovtod tho koy Into tlio look with a shaking hand, and prtmoulily pnlioil onon 1,1 10 drawor, As ho tu'rnod nvor, ono ultor another, tlio IiiihIiiuhh papers and dotm« niontii with ?wMuh tho desk waa omunuod, lilsi face gradually brightened ; then suddenly paled and darkened, as ho drew from beneath a package of letters in a far corner the watch and chain. ' Oh, Jerome I My son, my son !' groaned the old man, the tears filling his eyes as ho held up tho damning evidence of tho theft, God knows I would have given you ten snch rather than this bad happened,' ' Do you, can you, believe mo guilty of such a paltry crime ?' cried Jerome, Talbot turned his faco away, hiding tho grief which he could not overcome. ' Bessie, my darling,' exclaimed tho dis tracted young man, ' yon, surely do not, you cannot think mo capable of ? the deed of ft common thief P' Tho girl looked at him with a face of agony, and motioned him to depart. 'Well,' he said, drawing himself to his full height, and, glancing scornfully from one to tho other of thoso in the room, 'you accuse me of a mean, low, potty theft. More than that, snch a blundering imbecile as would shame the veriest tyro .in roguery. You, Mrs, Talbot, have always been my enemy, and I expect no sympathy from you. But you, Bessio'— tho girl hid hor face in her handker chief. Tho young man drew a long breath, and, smiling bitterly, continued : ' You, too ? So bo it. Mr. Talbot, hero I stand. Call in your policemen. Why do you hesitate? Am I so desperate a criminal that your hang- dogs are afraid to arrest a gentleman P' 'Oh, Jerome, Jerome ! cried Talbot, in deop grief. 'You know that I had no thought of giving you up to the law. No, I will supply' you with tho means of establishing yourself in some other city, where no hint of your fault can como. Will you accept P' ' Nothing, sir, interrupted the young man, haughtily, 'except your permission to get together my few personal belongings, which I shall ask you to take the trouble to look over before I go, lest it may bo supposed I have takon some portion of the family silver.' There was so much of dignity and command in his tone and air that Talbot, his wifo and Bessie passed out of tho room, abashed and unablo to utter a word. Even Bessie, who turned about to extend her hand in farewell and pardon, shrank torrified from the angry crleam of his eves. III. In the Talbot mansion thoro were at least two watchers that night, two hapless ones from whose eyes sleep was banished, and upon whose hearts care laid its heavy hand. Ono was Jerome, who had remained at his desk writing letters and otherwise preparing for his exodus on the following day. Tho other was Bessio Talbot, who had passed hours weoping bitterly, until tho fount of tears it self seemed to have gone dry, and she could' only pace hor chambor, wishing in lier misery that death might como to hor release. Jerome, her Joromo, guilty of bo paltry a deed ! He had not boon kept in ignorance of tho thofts of various sums of money from tho safe, of whioh, as she know, only hor father, mother and Joromo had tho combination. Hitherto sho had boon stung to anger by her mother's insinuations against Jerome. But now, oh now ! ? Utterly worn out with tho violence of her' suffering, she had dropped into a chair and buried her burning face in her hands,, hor slender frame shaking with dry sobs, when tho creaking of a door at tlio furthor end of tho passage caused her to raise her head and liston intently. Soft stops came along the corridor, pausing now and again, ns if tlio midnight prowler were not quite suro of the way. Bessio hastily turned down the light, and, oponiug hor door, slipped noisolossly into tho hall. Sho was not at all superstitious, and had laughod at the fears of tho sorvants; but for a momont, as sho saw a tall, white-robed figure advanoing toward hor, with a cautious, gliding stop, Bho folt a ohill oreep over hor flesh, and a woakoning in her limbs, as if she must fall. It was for but. a momont, however ; thon, with renewed courage, sho watohod tho progress of tlio ghostly shape as it came onward, pausing at length at a door whioh Bho know to bo that of Jeromo's chambor. Tho figure appeared to bond, as if to listen for any sound within j thon oponod tho door, and silontly ontorod. Hardly conscious of what sho was doing, Bossio spod along tho hall in hor stockinged feot, and pushed opon tho door, whioh had boon loft -ajar. Thoro was a light 111 tho room upon a table, beforo whioh sat Joromo, writing. As the figure ontpred, I10 half aroso, ancf thon sank back, gazing at liis woird visitor as if striolcon dumb, 1 Tho whito-olad shape movod into the ohambor with tho rogular, stolid progress of an automaton. As tho light foil full upon tho faoo of tho mysterious visitant, Joromo and Bessio recognised at tho samo momont tho lookod and insensible foaturos t of Mrs. Talbot; Hor oyes woro olosod, and yet slio appoarod to movo , with porfoot facility, In hor hand sho carried a casket, whioh hor daughter know contained hor jowols, Sho wont straight to Joromo's doslc, a drawer of whioh stood opon, thrust tho caskot within turnod tho koy, and, aftor a momont of apparont roileotion, hung tho koy in its noous tomod plaoo. ' Thoro,' sifjliod tho sloopwalkor, for such it was now ovidont sho was to both watoliors, !' I10 shall not marry my daughter, I have tho money, too, whioh I took from tho safo, Tho moro proof tho bettor.' Slio took a paakago of bank notes from hor broast, and, walking to tho bod, put thom bonoath tho pillow. 'Now,' Bho murmured in tho samo hushod voice, ' lot ub boo what my husband will say to that I' ' Oh Martha j my poor wifo I' Tho words woro uttered in a groan of intonso sorrow, arid both Bosnia and tlio young man saw Mr, I1albot, in his draining gown, Btanding 111 tho doorway, Mr, .l.albotl Bossio I' oxalaimod Joromo, ' Thon von havo soon it all P You .lcnaw tho truth P' ( ' Yus, Joromo I' sobbed Bossio, running to mm, ' My doar aliusod Joromo I How aould I over havo doubted you P' ' And J, my sou,' said Talbot, in a broken yoioo, u if you can forglvo mo, my lad—' i ' Say not anotlior word,' replied Joromo, . -Ui'V wibli it warning. gostui'o, ' lot us earo for hor, Sooj sho is beginning to awltko,' '' What a di'aaui I' muttorod tho somnam bulist, staring wildly about hor, 'I am ashamed of myself, for I thought I was hiding money and jowols in Jerome's room, so that ho should bo eanviotod of robbery, and ho provont him from marrying our girl, I object to tho' marrlago, of course, but suoii a dvoum I Why, wluiro am I P Wliali does this uiaauP Huubtuul I BobbIoI Joromo |,' ? 'Hush!' said Talbot, soothingly, passing his arm about hor and leading her from tho room. ' You have dreamed, my dear', a bad dream, but it is over now. Come, and I will tell you all about it, Jerome, unpack your trunk, lad, Bessie, go to bed. To-morrow we'll settle the date of tho wedding, children. Will that serve as my apology P As for your' mother — eh — well — I think she will take her exercise in the daytime hereafter. Ha, ha !' 