Sermgn for Sunday. Knock. ' By Late Rev.: 0. H. .Spuroeon. Kuo'olc, and it shall ho opened unto you.— Matt. .V Vii. 3. . Mr. Bunyan, in his " Pilgrim's Progress," 8ays, "Now over tho gate tbiore wns written, " Knock, and it shall bo-open unto you.' " His ingenious allegory is ' nlwuys us truthfully in structive us it is delightfully attractive. I con cluded thutthis should be my toxt It it be tnougnt worthy of boing written over the gate at tlio entering in of tho way of "life, it must Have a great claim upon the attention of those who havo not yot started for glory, hut are anxious to do so. May God .-the Holy Ghost instruot and quicken thom whilo wo hoar, tho Lord from within His palace, saying, " Knook, 'and it shall be opened unto you." 1\. First, then, dear- friend, whoever you are, if you are desirous of entering into otomal life, I would oxppund to you tlio inscription ovor the gate, by saying first that the door of meroy may appear to jrou to bo olosad against you. That is implied iu tho text, " Knook, and it shall bo oponed unto you." If to your oonsoiousncss the door stood wide open, there would be no need of knocking ; hut sinoo, in voire appre hension it is closed against you, it is for you to sook admission iu tho proper way by knocking. To a largo extent this apprehension is the result of yoar own fears. You think the gate is closed bocauso you fool it ought to be so ; you fool that if God dealt withyou os you would deal with yonr follow men, Ho would ho so offended with you as to shut tho door of His favour once for all. You remember how guilty yoa havo boon, how often you have refused the Divine call, and how you havo gono oil from ovil to ovil, und therefore you fool that tho Master of tho house hus already , risen up and shut to tile door. ' You fear lest, liko the obatmato ones in Noah's day, you will find the door of tho ark olosed, and yoursolf shut out iu tho general destruction, aiii lietli at the door and blooks it. Your desponding feelings fasten up the gate of grace in your judgment. Yot it is not so The gate is not burred and boltod as you think it to ho ; though it may be spoken of as olosed iu u certain sense, yot in another sense it is novor shut. In uny chso ,it opens very freely ; its binges nro not rusted, neither do any holts secure, it. Tho Lord is glad to opon tho gate to ovory seeking soul. It is closed far more in your apprehension than as a matter of faot ; for tho sm which shuls it is removed so far as tho believing Hinner is con cerned. Had you but faith enough you would outer in at this present momont; and if you did onoc onter in, yon would nover ho put out again, for it is written, " Him that coiucth 'to Me I will iu no wise cust out." Ono thiug wo should remember whon wo foar that tho door is olosed against, us — namely, that it is not an fast closed us tho door of our hearts has beon. You know tho famous picture of "The Light of tho World." It sooms to mo to ho ono of the finest sermons tho eyo iuib ovor looked upon. There stands tho Ever- Blessed, knocking ut tho door of the soul, hut tho liiuges tire rusted, and tho door itsolf is fast bolted, and wild briars and all kinds of creeping plants running up the door provo that it is long siuco it wus moved. You all know wliut it moans ; how oontinnanco of sin makes it hnrdor to yield to tho knook of Christ, and how evil habits creeping up ono after another, hold tho soul so fast that it cannot open to the sacred knocking. Jesus lias licon knocking at some of your hearts over sinoo you were ohildreu ; and still Ho knocks. I hear His blessed hand upon tho door at this moment; do you not hear it ? Will you not open ? Ho has knocked long, and yet He knocks again. Lot ma ware you that tho door can ho closed and kept shut by unbelief. Ho that bolieveth entoreth into Christ when ho believoth : ho that cometh iu by the door shall ho saved, and shall go in and out and find pusture ; so our Lord says in tho tontliof John. "Ho that believoth in Him htith pvorlasting lifo "—there is no question about that ; hut wo read on the other hand, " So then thoy could not enter in hooauso of unbelief." Forty years tho tribes were in tho wilderness, going towards Caimun, yot thoy novor reached tho promised land because of unbelief. And what if some of yon should bo forty years attending this means of grace ? Coming and going, coming nnd going, hearing sermons, witnessing ordinances, nnd joining with God's pooplo in worship : what if after all tho forty years yon should novor enter in because of unbelief ! Souls, I tell you if you lived oaoh ono of you us long as Mothu- suleh, you oould not enter in unless you believed in Jesus Ohrist. Tho moment you have trusted Him with your whole heart and soul, you uro within tho hlossod portals of tho Father's house, but howover many years you may bo asking, Booking, and knocking, you will novor ontor iu till faith comes, for unbelief keeps up tho chain of tho door. Do you, howover, complain that you should havo to knook? It is tho rulo of tho Most High.' Am I addressing any who havo been earnestly praying for several months ? I can sympathise with yoti, for that was my case, not only for months, hut over, for years: through tho darknoss of my mind, and my cruel misapprehensions of tho Lord. I did nut find peace when first I began to ask for it, although I also sought with inuoh earnestness, going to tlio house of God every timo I could, and reading the Bible daily with a burning desire to lenow tho right wuy. I did not enter into pouco till I had knocked long and heavily. Harki:u, therefore to ono who knows your troublo, and hear from me tho voice of reason. Ought we to oxpcot to enter into the glorious houBe of moroy without knookiug at its door ? It is so with onr own houses ! Can overr straggler carelossly saunter in ? Is it not God's way in the world to give great blessings, but always to make won knock for them ? Unless it can bo said of a man, "Bohold ho praycth ! " how oan thero bo any sort of liopo that ho knows his God, and hits found reconciliation? Tlio prodigal did not come home dumb, neither did ho onter his fathor's house in sullen silence. No, but as soon as lio saw his father, ho oried, "Father, I huvo sinned aguinBt heaven." Thero must be speeoh with God, fur God gives not a silent salvation. 2\. A door implies an opening, What is a door mount for it it is always to bo kept shut ? Tlio wall might as woll havo romuinod without a break. I liuve scon certain Iiouscb and public buildings with tho form nnd appearance of doors wliero thero wore none, tlio sham door way boing made for architectural purposes ; but nothing is a sham iu tho houso of tho Lord. His doors aro meant to opon; thoy were made ou purposo for cntranco ; and so tho blessed Gospol of God is made on puiposo for you to enter into lifo and pouco. It would ho of no uso to knook at a wall, hut you may wisely knock nt a door, for it is arranged for opening. You will miter in ovontuully if you knook on, for tlio Gospel Is good nows for men, and how could it ho good nows if it should so happen that thoy might sincerely eorao to Christ and uBk for mercy, and ho donied it? A dear brother beautifully said in prayer on Monday night ; " Thou, 0 Lord, art porfootly satisfied with the Lord Jesus, and if we are satisfied with Him, Thou art satisfied with us." That is tho Gospel put into a fow words. God is satisfied with Christ, and if you aro satisfied with Christ, God is satisfied with you. This is glad tidings to ovory soul that is willing to uccopt tho atonement mado, nnd tho righteous ness prepared by the Lord Josus. Doar friond, this Gospel must bo meant to bo l-eeoivcd by all siiiuors, or olso it would not have been sent. "But," suitli ono, " I am Buoh a sinner." Just so. You aro tho sort of person for whom tho nows of mercy is intended. A Gospel is not needed, by porfeot mon ; sinless men nood no pardon. No sucrifico is wanted if thore is no guilt ; no atonoment where there ib no transgression. Thoy that aro whole need not a physician, hut thoy that aro sick. This door of hopo, wliioh God has _ prepared, was maanttohean ontranoo into lito, and it was meant to opon to Binnors ; for if it does not opon to sinners it will nover bo open ut all; for wo have all sinned, and so. wo .muBt all bo shut out unless it be of free grace for those who are guilty. . I sin sure this door must opon to thoso who havo xiothing to bring with thom. If you havo .no good works, no morits, no good feelings, nothing to recommend you, he not discouraged, for it is to such that Josus Christ is most , preoiohs, and therefore most accessible, for He loves to give Himself to those who will jprizo Him most. A man will never havo CnriBt while ho has enough of his own ; but he that is consciously naked and poor and miserable is tho inun for Christ's money? he it is that has beon redeomcd by price. You may know tho redeemed man, for he feols his1 bondage, and- owiib that ho must remain there unless Christ's redemption bo applied' for his deliverance. - .Dear friends', tnaf door of hope will. he opened , to you though yoii 'inuy be ignorant and weak, and quite uuublo' to fulfil any high conditions. .... \--.'.v.- - i . ' ' r. .-. Whon tho text says, '! Knock, audit shall bt opened unto you," it toaolies us that tho way of winning admission to the blessing is simple, and suitablo to common people. If I liavo to - enter in by a door which is ivoll secoured, I shall need tools and scienco. I confess I do nofc understand tho art ; you. must soiid for a gentle- ; man who understands picklocks, ' jemmies," and all sorts of burglarious instruments ; but , if I am only told to knock, fool us I am at opening doors, I know how to knook. Any . uneduoatcd man can knook, if that is all that is required of him. . Is thero a porson horo who cannot put words togothor in .prayer P Nover . mind friend, knookiug can bo dono by ono who - is no orator.' Perhaps another ories, "I am no sohotar." -Novel- mind, a man oan knook though ho: may be. no philosophor. A. dumb man - can knook. A blind man can knook. With a palsied hand, a mun may knock. Ho who knows nothing of his hook oan still lift a liammor and lot it fall. Tlio " way to opon heaven's gate is wonderfully simplified, to tlioso who uro lowly enough to - follow tho Holy Spirit's gtiidanco, nnd ask, - seek, and knook bclibvingly. God has not provided a sulvation which can only bo under stood by learned men ; Ho has not prepared a Gospel whioh requires half a dozen folio volumes to describe it : it iB intended for tho ignorant, tho short- wittod, and the dying, as well as for others; andhenco it must he as plain us knocking at a door. This is it — bellovo und live. Seek unto God with all your heart und soul and strength, through Jesus Christ, and tho door of His mercy will certainly open to yqu._ Tlio gate of graco is meant to yield admission to unsoientific peoplo, sinoo it shall ho opened to those who knook. 3\. A knocker is provided, When persons can he admitted by knocking, a knookor is usually placed on tho door ; and if not, wo often see tho words, "No admittance." Now, tho Lord line provided a knookor. What is it ? First of ull, it may he found in the promises of God. If you can ouly quoto a promise appli- . cablo to your condition, and spread it boforo tho Lord in faith, you must obtain the. blessing. Ploading the promiso gives suoh a knook attne gate of ncavou that it must be opened to every seeking soul. Tho groat knookor, however, is the' name of tho Lord Jesus Christ. If a person wore to call upon you iu tho muno of soino dearly beloved son who is far away — if ho brought you duo credentials, aud a lottor saying, "Father, treat tho bearer well for my sake," you would' be sure to show him kiudness : und if tho afore- rniid person was authorised to recoivo a promised amount 111 tho name of your son, would you not hand out the money ? Now, when wo go to God and pleud tho liamo of Christ, it means thut wo plead the authority of Christ ; that wu usk of God as though we wero in Christ's stead, and expect Him to give it to us as if Ho wore giving it to Josus. There is somothing more thau pleading for Christ's sako. I supposo tho apostles at first did pleud with God for Christ's sako ; but Josus says to thom, " Hitherto yo liavo asked nothing iu my name." It is a higher grudo of prayer, and wlieu wo got to pleading Christ's iiuino with, tlio Father, thon do wo gloriously prevail. At a Primitivo Methodist mooting a person was trying to pray, but did not got ou at it, and presently a voice was heard from tho corner of tlio room, "Plead tho blood, brother, ploud tho blood ! " I am not vory fond of suuli interruptions, yot this wus to ba commonded, for it guve tho right note, and sot tho pleader in lus right pluco. Plead the ireoious blood of Josus Christ, and you must bo leavd. "Alas!" says ono, " I see tho knocker, for I know somothing of the promises and of the porson of our Lord, hut how urn I to knook?" With tlio bund of faith. Believo that God will koop liis promiso ; usk him to do so, aud thus knook. Bcliovo thut Josus is worthy, whose name you aro ploading, and so knock in confidence that God will honour the numo of His doar Son. If you aro not in' Christ, my dour hearer, do not givo sleep to your oyes nor slumber to your eyelids till you liavo found Him. If you havo prayod once, go and pray' again ; nnd if you have prayod ten thousand times, yot continuo in prayer. Knook with all your might, with all tho vigour of your spirit; pload as for life;' knook at the door us a man would knock who saw a wolf ready to spring upon him. Knook as onowho found himself ready to dio of cold outsido tho door. Throw your wholo soul into tho work. Say unto tho Lord, ' ' I beseech Thoe have meroy upon me, and have morcy upon mo now. X faint, I die, unless Thou manifest Thy lovo to mo and tako me into Thy house und heart, that I may bo Thine for over." " Knock und it shall ho opened to you." 4\. Next, to you who nro knocking at the gate, a promise is given. ' That is more than having a door before you, and u knookor to knook with. Tlio promise is above the gate in plain words. Read it. You uro growing faint and woary ; read the promiso and grow strong again. " Knook, and it sbull ho opened unto you," Obsorvo how plain and positive it is, with its glorious "shall" burning liko. a, lamp in tlio oontro of it. In letters of love the inscription shines out amidst all the - darkness that surrounds you, and theso aro its words, " It shall ho opened unto you." If you knock at tho door of tho kindest of men you see no suoh promise sot boforo you, and yet you knock,- und knock confidently ; how much more . boldly should you como to tho door of graoe whon it is oxpressly declared, "It shall be opened unto you ! " Whoroforo do you doubt? Do you think He will not koop his word? A God who cannot lio, who was under no ' necessity to promise, freely, out of the greatness of His diviuo nature, whioh is love, says to a poor shiner, "Knock, and it shall ho oponod unto you." Oh, bo sure of this, that He means it ; and till licavon and ourth ahull puss away His word shall stand, and neither you nor any other sinnor thut knocks at His door sliull ho refused - ' admittance. 