CONVEYANCE OF GREASY WOOL TO SYDNEY. The railway commissioners announce that greasy wool consigned from up country t stations to wool-washing establishments situated within 25 miles of Sydney or New castle will be charged the full rates to those stations respectively; but when consigned to washing establishments in the country outside that distance the mileage proportion of the through rate to Sydney or Newcastle, with the addition of 2s Gd per ton, only will be charged; and when the wool is recon signed to Sydney or Newcastle, after having been scoured, only the mileage proportion of the scoured wool rate from the starting point to Sydney or Newcastle will be charged, subject to a minimum rate per ton for the whole distance, which will not be less than the mileage proportion charge for greasy wool from the starting point to the wool-washing establishment added to the rate for scoured wool from the washing establishment to Sydney or Newcastle. If, however, these combined charges amount to more than the through rate for scoured wool from the terminal point of the section of the line over which the wool is carried, then the latter minimum rate will apply. Important to selectors.-A pamphlet on: " Crown lands open, or about to.be declared` open, for selection within the land board district of Cooma," may be seen at the. effice of this paper. Messrs Lazarus and Purcell are the suc cessful tenderers for the work in connection. with the Gundaroo court' house, and com mence work at once. A general meeting of themeinbers of ;the Micalago Cricket Club will be held on- Satur day, September 7. An effort is being made to resuscitate the' Gundaroo Oricket Club. Some of the creameries will . resume. operations next week. The Bungendore footballers play the Wallaroos at Goulburn to-day (Saturday).~ Wanted more town. magistrates. Only two take active interest on the'benoh.':??. Two cases for next Queanbeyan Quarter Seasions.. Special cheap excursions start about tlhe middle of next month. Mr E. Rolfe complained to the Council of s chestnut horse' straying near his door. Several. cldermen knew nothing ofi' the animal, and Ald Beatty:thought it might be the ghost of the chestnut: that died at bMr Rolfe's door a month ago. Ald Harris :" ," My nmotion. means that every individual ratepayer will be sued if lie dots not pay." Ald Beatty "TI do not intend to pay any more rates." Ald Harris: " There seems to' he an imi pression abroad 'that the ratepayers won't pay any more rates." :pa Rain and snow fell in Bungendore on Thursday. Bishop Higgins 'arrived in: town on SFriday. We are requested to' drrw' attention to the drawing of the St.. Albans Distribution, which has been fixed for October 24th. Holiday excursion to Albury show, on Sep bomber 11 and 12. A general meeting of members .of the Queanbeyan Cricket -Club is advertised for Tuesday evening next. 