Evktieg- A €li©s£. Almost every town or village has its haunted houte, an'J tae settlement of Wanda, in India. wa3 no exjeptiou. Hsra a number of English oncers aud their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumour tbat Captain Beauchamp's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extraordinary uciae. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house—not in one place, but in several at once, and then he heard a long-drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room ani aroused him, vowing that the place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers readied the haunted house. AJB there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds, and gave an entertainment. Finally one ot tho men took out a Bmall oval basket having an orifioe in the top, and seating himself near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the bole m the basket . came tho head of the cobra, and when 12 in. or 15 in. above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the measure of the musio. After the snake dance—or the snake "onarmintr," as Europeans are wont to call it —tbe Indian snake-charmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a bole whi:h might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. Seating himself be ore the hole the magician began hiB mournful plaint. For li fteen minutes he kept up tbe noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had tne group gathered about the performer before auiost remarkablenoise came from the bouse. First, there was a sound as of esoaping steam ; then a sonnd of some great body striking the wall and rubbing againat the timbers. Dust in clouds came from the hole, and the * charmer" started baok in terror, overturning 