A SINGLETON MYSTERY. A. PECULIAR oceurrenoe ia reported {rem Singleton where the town is exoited- over the r apposed appearance of -a- ghost. -Some years ago a man named Vickery, who had in his pon session^a large earn of money, is al|eged. to have left Singletor. - one night for his home at Bnlga, and to [ have been seen for the last time when going down to the river uear Faw eett's paddocks. He never reached homo, and his disappearance ap totte present ? moment is Altogether unac counted for. Since Vickery wtnishod there have been rumoars of strange lights .mnd Apparitions about the locality in which he was last eeen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, while walking along the 'road one evening in the gloaming, overtook, as he thought, a personal itaend, and he tapped this supposed friend oil the shoulder, only t>;6iid that his hand met no resistance, bat went throogh something unsubstan tial. The wraith or form, which he tried to tonvhf immediately vanished. Daring the' ikfit month or two it is asserted th&t; strange lights -have been seen hovering aoont in a paddock near the spot, which is said to be haunted, and these lights make their appearance at 8.35 p-tn. On Friday night week a party of eix or seven, including Mr. Playford and his son, and- Mr. Mpran, «mployees jit the railway station, went .to watch "for the light. '? 'At-the hour expected,- a ligh t suddenly made its appearance. in a pnddock nearly opposite the cemetery. When first seen, the light was about the size which "wonld be emitted from a hand lantern, bat different from that in appearance, being this nnd diffused, without a very definite ceiitre. Alter it had travelled within 100 yards or so of the observers, it stopped. ' Tbe watchers then began to approach the light, when a regular " will o'the wisp "chase commenced. As the pnrsners approached the light, whioh had gained considerably in siz^, it began to retreat at a rate exactly regulated to the movements of the followers. Finally, after leading them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished, and "Has seen no more that night. A party of over 100 people, on horse and on loot and in buggies, were out on Wednes day. They watched for a long time, saw nothing, and most of them re turned to town, but a few who remained later assert, however, that they again saw the mysterious light. One tboniand six hundred bottles of ; Ntwhy's Linctns sold in Dutibo in twelve months goes to prove that thi* remedy hat no equal as a cough and cold- oure. Sold in la and 2s bottles by J, H. Foot, U.F.3., Dubbo Refuse all substitutes, Newly"t only,* 