TWENTY WORKS BY TWENTY AUTHORS. No. 15.— The Raven Rock, A STRANGE ADVENTURE ON THE IRISH COAST. BY W. W. F E N N, Author of 'A Dead Lock with a Skeleton Key,' 'The Testimony of Hugh Mer riday, &c.; A COMPLETE STORY. {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.) No map of Ireland gives the name of the spot, it is. too insignificant, but run your eye along the coastline, say from Cork to Galley Head and Cape_ Clear and jou will have an idea of the locality. On one ot tne many precipitous headlands, known as the Raven Rock, dark and frown ing, amidst deep inlets and much resounding caves, stood, forty years ago, the ruins of an erstwhile castle strong-hold. During the great rebellion of 1642-3 it had successfully withstood a siege laid to it by a rebel chief. The sufferings, however, of {the Royalist garrison were direful in the extreme. The legend ran that when starvation stared them in the face a brave girl stole forth under cover of night in the hope of securing provisions, but being captured was ruthlessly hanged next morning in sight of the castle and of course her spirit had naunted the spot ever since. Thus the castle fell into that romantic and picturesque state of ruin in which I discovered it. This I did on a fine September afternoon after a four miles' walk from the town of BaHy-Narack, where business had taken me, and which being now finished gave me a day or two's leisure to enjoy the wild and romantic scenery. The Raven Rock with its crown of battlemented towers formed the western horn of the bay into which I bad merged. A descent through a wild glen beside the rushing stream niakiug its channel to the sea and with a straggling nest of shanties at its mouth had conducted me to the shore. Amongst the croup of peasants gathered round a fishing-boat which had just been beached there stood a man whose dross and appearance proclaimed bim no native. He was watching the unloading of the boat of its freight of fish and looked so completely out of place that I could not fail to observe him. As I did so more closely it struck me I had seen bim before, but where ? I could not tell, but certainly not in that part of the world. He looked like some Jewish dealer in bric-a-brac from Wardour-street and as I had only lately come from London it must have been in that locality that I bad seen him. I wandered away across the sands towards the ruin. Much fascinated by its beauty, 1 sat me down to make a sketeh of it. When this was finished as the tide was out I scrambled round the headland and so opened up another fine picturesque stretch of coast. Still moving forward, for the second time_ I rested and made another sketch of the opposite view of the castle. This occupied a long while, during which the sun had gone down behind me in a sea of glory, and even as I worked the full moon rose out of the east, towards which I ?was looking. Engrossed with the drav.ing, I quite forgot the lapse of time, and it was only the rapid approach of night which at length aroused me to the fact that I was far from home. Returning by the way I had come to my dismay the incoming tide had cut me off. In order to escape from the bight of coast ?where I found myself I must scale the castle cliff itself to regain the other side. Here it ?was not very precipitous, and about half-way up there opened out a flat, deep ledge on the face of the cliff. At its further end was the entrance to what in the twilight looked like a cave, though thickly masked by creepers and underwood, and shut in on either side by walls of crumbling rock. Just before I reached it, however, my foot steps were arrested and my blood turned to ice by a piercing shriek or wail close behind me, but turning round no one was to be seen. Yet it was like a woman's voice, perfectly human, though inexpressibly woird. I stood still, amazed, and I think my heart stood still also, as the next instant the shriek was re peated, now higher up the cliff, just beneath the ruins themselves, which stood out, frown ing, dark, and irregular against the moonlit sky. Ere there was time to think as I stood gazing upwards, with beads bursting out on my forehead, there came across the quiet air a thud wailing cry, and I plainly saw the figure xi tk woman, as dark as the gloom of' the rains from which she emerged, approach the cliff edge immediately above me. Her movements were rapid, and lifting her arms and waving them downwards towards me, as if to forbid my further ascent, she called out in the same high key as her wail — 'Go back! go back ! come not nigh this place ; better to die in the surging sea than to tempt the death which awaits you here '.' However wild and uncivilised this part of the country, however full of superstition and ghostly traditions the people migrhc be, they nad not so far infected me as to arouse the idea that I was in the presence of the supernatural. 'Uncanny and startling as was this apparition, I did not for a moment believe that it was the spirit of the girl supposed to haunt the scene of this her cruel execution. No, it was a woman of flesh and blood. As I questioned the mean ing of her words she passed on, still waving her arms in that forbiddinsr action, and arriv ing at the point of the promontory disappeared as if she had flung herself into the sea. Danger? What danger could there bo? True, I speedily discovered that » further ascent of the cliff was impossible. Steep wall-like rock hemmed me in on all sides save that by which I had come up, and below this the sea had now begun to boil and sluice. Thus all retreat was cat off. I should have to stay where I was till the tide should ebb. Still there was no danger in that. It was a lovely soft night, I was my own master, and after all a walk home in the early morning- wouJd be no serious hardship. I scouted the idea of danger and coiled myself up on some of the drying fern in the hollow of that seeming cave. I lighted a pipe and ere long began to dose. An hour may have elapsed. Then I grew restless and turning was startled by seeing a dim light in the farther depths of this dark cavity. Curiosity and surprise induced me presently to grope my way a few feet into tne cave and then the light was very apparent. It appeared to come through a crack of boarding and another step or two forward brought my groping bands in contact with a small rough door. Immediately peeping through the crack whence the light snoae I beheld a curious spectacle — astonishing under any circum stances, but in this wild, lonely place simply bafiling explanation. The rough door formed the entrance to a low-arched chamber, pro bably one of the dungeons of the castle just above it. But if such a discovery was surpris ing the contents of the vault were still more so. Illuminated by a quaint hanging lamp every thing was plainly revealed. At one side a long table covered with strange-looking jars and bottles ot various colors and shapes, together with a mass of mysterious implements of iron and wood, making altogether something like a combination of the contents of a chemist's laboratory and a carpenter's workshop. To the left of this bench was a stove bright and glowing, and further round the room were other inexplicable arrangements, half like fur nace implements, half like builders' materials — a heap of white dusty stuff and a pile of wood and charcoal. At the moment this extraordi nary sight met my eye (I had only one against the crack) the apartment was untenanted, but in a minute there entered from behind a hanging piece of thick gaudy tapestry an elderly man with long grey hair and beard falling over the upper part of a kind of Eastern rolje, edged with bright cabalistic signs and figures. ,\s he stepped into the room he was followed by a tall masculine woman, dressed in a dark gown with a leather Imlt round her wais-t. Her black hair hung iu wild confusion round her temples and down her back. Her figure was angular, betokening great strength, and her unpre possessing face of deep olive hue. The two began to sj-eak in low tones, but quite audible to my alert senses. ' Look at that retort, Mianie,' said the man ; 'though stay, first tell me what of the Gorgio?' 'I cannot say, father,' the woman answered. 'He is in the hands of Fate. He cannot escape ij/p. overwhelming sea. My warning drove him, doubtless, into the arms of the great green mother.' ' Bah ! you we,re wrong not to have scared him ere he came so close.' * * I should, father, but that I took him to be Vasca.no in the distance — you expect him to night V' '? Aye, aye ; but he would not have shown himself so near so early — the true Roniane know how to use the darkness. Listen, was not that Vascano's whistle? See to it.' The woman disappeared. A little reflection first suggested that these people were gipsies and that I had come upon their illicit whisky still. Many such abound to this day iu various parts of Ireland and fifty years ago were- far more common. Yet gipsies were not common in the Emerald Isle, especially as whisky distillers, and the apparatus scarcely looked like that used for such manufactures. It was sorely puzzling i and extremely exciting. Meanwhile the old man busied himself about his laboratory until at the expiration of some five minutes the woman reappeared from I behind the curtain, accompanied now by — to be j SUre — the very man I liad noticed that after ? noon by the fishing boat, and whose ap 1 pearance so unpleasantly reminded me of Wardour- street. The first words he exchanged with the old grey beard did not roach me, but the two seemed to be acquainted, and he I evinced no surprise at finding himself in so I strange a place. They conversed softly, but at last I heard the old man saying ex citedly — 'You, my son, should not doubt the power of alchemy. You have that blood in your veins which stirred the earliest searchers after the great truths of the universe. You have already reap«3 profit from the transmutation I have effected in gold. The rub)*, the sap phire, and the emerald, which I evolved from my intimate knowledge of their component parts, have likewise told to your advantage. Why, therefore, doubr the agencies of this mighty stone? It is of the first water, be assured. It will stand any test ap plied by the most skilled expert. I defy him to distinguish it from the natural pro duct of the mine. I have worked at the Great Mother works — with the same ingre dients — in the same proportions, even to the one-thousandth part of a grain. Her labora tory and mine are identical. I have wrung the supreme secret from her and by using her methods have produced the same results.' He was holding up to the light an object the size of a pigeon's egg. It sparkled brilliantly on one side and as he turned it to the other showed a rough and blackened surface like coaL The new comer took it and examined it carefully. Then he said, with a sarcastic chuckle and in the unmistakable tones of a vulgar Cockney — ' Looks all right enough so far, but y' know. Father Jacomb, it's no good your coming your hanky-panky talk to me. That's all bosh, so drop it. I know enough of jewellery to know no chemistry or alchemy or any artificial dodges can turn out tbe genuine article. That I know, so, I say, drop it. The point is, will this stone pass muster '! It ain't a real diamond and nothing can't make it one.' 'My son! my son!' interposed the other deprecatingly. 'No, nothing can't make it one, I say. But if it passes that don't matter. The ruby and the others are easy by comparison ; they've done all right I don't deny. But coming the charcoal trick for diamonds is a very different caper. Still, there we are ; we'll try, and this day three months, or thereabouts, you shall hear. But I rather funk it, so I tell you.' ' Have no fear — have no fear,' cried the old man. ' Besides, it is no trick ; it is pure and holy science.' The speakers moved to the othei end of the apartment and for a while I lost their further talk. But I liad heard and seen enough— the secret was out now — this was a spurious jewel factory. In those days the present successful imitations of precious stones had not been reached, and efforts were still made to produce real gems by the aid of alchemy, the philoso pher's stone was still a dream of fanatics, and this Father Jacomb doubtless was one. After » while Mr. Vascano's accent was again audible. 'Yes,' said he, 'as some security I will take charge of those two little bars of gold, and if they resist the test and pass for 18-carat they will cover our risks for a time, though, mind you, we shall still be out of pocket some hundreds if this carbon trick fails. Then there was more muttering and finally I could distinguish the words. '1 must be in Cork by to-morrow night. I am off to the States for a month or six weeks, and I shall pick up the next Cunarder ; she is due at Queenstown about Wednesday morning, but I shall be home again by Christmas or soon after. You see, Jacomb, I shouldn't exactly have paid you this visit so soon after my last 'cept for being able to take you on my way to New York, for I don't relish tiu's kind of tramping job a bit ; it ain't in my line, and I hate this country a'most as bad as I do the Yanks. But then there it is ; my gov'nor makes me do this dirty work, for he has con tracted to supply a diamond as big as a pigeon's egg, as the saying is. by next June. I've got to see what I can pick up from some of your friends t'other side, though for my part this walloper of 3fours seems likely to serve my dad's purpose. However, I'm not master, and now I must be off. Aye, by-the-bye, I had almost forgot — hasn't your Miame noticed a stranger on the sands tiiis afternoon? A young man passed down the village whilst I was ne gotiating some herrings for my supper. You had best keep a sharp look-out, accidents will happens. The natives are as safe as ever — they shun the rivers like a pestilence, for the haunting bogle, as they call it, scares them. None of them have been nigh the place for years, but a stranger, and a Londoner as I take it this youngster was, he won't funk the bogle.' The old man and the woman hers spoke in what I guessed to be Romany. 'Ah I' said Vascano, 'that's Dutch tome and worse. No odds — mind what you're at — don't get blown upon, and now good-night. I must walk across the hills and strike the road to BaHy-Narack before the sun is up. It's bad going after the London pavements. Now let me out, missus.' He turned and came straight towards my spyhole. I shrank aside involuntarily, think ing perhaps he might be coming out that way, but the old man intercepted. _ ' No, no, that's not an exit, but the land has given way there and we had to repair the masonry with boards.' ' Humph !' said Vascano, 'lucky you don't get many visitors in these parts, or they might wriggle their way into your mine, Jacomb,' and there was a rapping and tapping against the boards as if he was testing their strength. It was a relief to hear the voices retreating once more, but when I peeped through the crack again all was in darkness. I would have given worlds to watch the de parting visitor, but I was a prisoner on that ledge. I retreated to the mouth of the cave and was about to step out into the moonlight, when glancing up at tne ruin I saw two figures emerge from its shadow, woman and man. She pointed inland and he went his way, disap pearing over the bills towards the country. Dawn yvas mingling with the silver light and the tide was ebbing fast, so I was able at least to descend to the sand, but there was still too much water to admit of retreat round the headland. Then I bethought me of trying to get out of _ the bay where I was imprisoned by clambering up from the shore at some distance from the castle cliff. This was not difficult and soon I reached high ground away inland. A rough moorland ljefore me, trackless and uncultivated but I knew in which direction to steer for the road to Bally Narack and by the time the misty sun was well above the horizon I had struck it. WhiJst finishing my breakfast at the inn where I was staying and chancing to look out into the street, who should I see mounting an outside car but the very Vascano himself. Ho had evidently come out of the stable vard and was followed by the landlady bidding him civil adieus. Directly the car had driven away I went out and met her. 'Do you know that person ?' I enquired. ' Shure how, sir, I've seen him before. He's a moighty unusual stranger to see in this forlorn country.' ' But do you know who he is V 'Like enough he'll be a man from England.' ' And you've seen him before, you say ?' 'Once agon, maybo in six months, when he travelled just as he's doing now ; took a car just the same.' 'Did he sleep here last night?' ''Deed, and I'd not like to say.' 'But you surely know whether he slept in your house,' I added, looking straight at her. 'Just like enough,' said the buxom, slat ternly, good-looking dame, with that evasion of direct answer so characteristic of the race. Then she laughed and made for the yard in response to a call, so I thought I would keep my own counsel for the present. My intention was to walk by easy stages to Waterford, where a steamer would take me to Milford Haven and home. I had proposed leaving that very day, but I now burned to pay another visit to those mysterious ruins and inspect the place by daylight. Starting early therefore the next day I covered the f our miles in good time and approached the castle as I had left it— from the high land. A great change of weather, however, which had set in the previous night gave it a very different aspect. A strong south -west gale had sprung up and was increasing every minute. Heavy seas wore roaring around the cliff, whilst the wild, ragged clouds streamed in mad haste across the heavens. At length I stood for the first time among the actual ruins. The tempest howled and whistled through them with a sound at one moment like deafening thunder and the next with wailing moans and cries .is if tlie ghosts of a thousand sbipwreTsked mariners were shrieking for help or seeking refuge amidst the crumbling walls. The scene was sublime — awful. I strode out to the extreme verge of the promontory and turning squatted down on some projecting rock. It formed an apology for a shelter, whence it was quite possible to make a rough note of the sceme on a sketching pad. It was a ticklish, corner and nearly overhung the pre cipice, but with steady nerves like mine I feared no danger. Soon engrossed in sketching, I had no eyes or thougbts for anything else. Hence it was a minute perhaps before I was conscious that a sudden pressure against the back of my left shoulder was not due to tha violent wind. But as I half glanced round in that direction life was almost startled out of me at finding an arm and hand striving to shove me off my balance. In tbe instant I looked a tremendous jerk from it all but sent me headlong over the clitf. But I caught at the wrist and then be held the crouching form of a woman close behind me. Happily, however, I retained my grip and was upright in a second, the woman clingiuK fast to mo and struggling violently still to push me over. She had seized the back of my collar with her other hand, but by main strength 1 swung round with her and we both fell in a heap on the turf just beside the rocky projection. 'You infernal fiend,' I exclaimed. 'Let go or I'll choke the life out of you,' and as we again struggled to our feet, she striving to pull me towards the precipice, I recognised the face and masculine form of tbe woman Miame. She shrieked out some imprecation and_ for another minute or so we swayed about in a deadly embrace. She had the strength of a tigress and I know not how the contest might have ended but for my getting my right hand free and striking her a tremendous olow with my clenched fist straight between the eyes. She staggered, and hateful as it seemed thus to assault at woman I followed up my blow with a second, which settled the business, for it was no doubt a life or death struggle. If I had not knocked the senses out of her her murderous intention might bave proved successful. As it was, there she lay, prone and helpless. 'It was a narrow escape,' said the people at the inn, but considered by ail as due to the supernatural. The bogle, and the bogle only, was responsible. Similar catastrophes had happened before, only the victims who sought to pry into her secrets, less lucky than I, had never returned to tell their tale. Now and again the body of one of them had been seen at the foot of the cliffs — only one had been recovered when floating off the headland, for none of the natives dared approach its shore or neighborhood within a mile. Later in the da}' I found the constabulary even taking the same view, but after much persuasion and a full recital of all I had seen and knew of the place the inspector agreed to take two of his men and accompany me to the ruins the first thing the following nioming. That night the storm grew into a hurricane, but morning brought some abatement, other wise we could scarcely faced the elements. The havoc wrought by them was not fully revealed, however, until from the high ground some mile inland at the rear of them we could get a full view of the castle ruins — or rather, what re mained of them. The inspector and his men, with a straggling contingent of a few- of the more courageous of the inhabitants of Bally-Nar«ck, who followed the expedition, broke out into a babel of tongues as they beheld the scene. More than halt the headland of the Raven Rock with a great portion of the walls of the castle had dis appeared, swallowed up_ by the devouring ocean, still roaring in mighty billowe against the remaining bluff. The ledge, the cave, and the adjacent ground had, as it were, been bitten ciean out, together with the spot where I had left the senseless form of that horrible and murderous woman. Nothing remained locally to prove the truth of my story. Some disbelieved it, therefore, or pretended to do so, but many little circumstances convinced me that the people at the inn has more than a suspicion of the existence of that mysterious laboratory. Before I left Bally-Narack news came that the body of an old greybeard, clothed in the remnants of a strangely-adorned robe, had been picked up on the shore some miles from the Haven Rock. I have never visited those parts since, but I indirectly heard that nothing had ever been seen or known of the woman. Her figure was still regarded as that of the bogle, on which elemental disturbances would, of course, fall harmless. At the same time, the tradition seems to have died out — the bogle has disap peared. For many a year after that strange and romantic adventure I kept a sharp look-out for the name of Vascano in the neighborhood of Soho, but I have never met with it since, nor the one bearer of it whom I saw in Ireland. It was only the other day that I hunted up the notes and sketches made all those years ago and embodied them in the above story. I was led to do this by chancing ou the following newspaper paragraph : — ' A curious trial will ere long create a wide spread interest in India. It appears that a certain well-known dealer in jewels resident in the Hill district many years ago supplied an enormous diamond to form the eye of an idol to be set up_ in a Hindoo temple. Quite lately, by some mischance, the idol fell and the con cussion dislodging the precious stone shattered it in two pieces. This proved it to be spurious. The aforesaid dealer who supplied it conse quently will be arraigned for this nefarious outrage on the sacred religion of the people. He is said to bean elderly man of gipsy, or at any rate Egyptian, extraction, and hailing originally from Soho, with which part of the world he still has dealings. It is further asserted that many startling disclosures will be made revealing the existence _ formerly of several wholesale manufactories of false jewels, so cunningly executed as to have defied detection even by experts. Two of these artificial diamond mines, as the manufactories may be called, are said to have been located in America, whilst a third flourished in Ire land.' This paragraph has set me speculating as to whether that eminent dealer will prove to be the once young Vascano. He would now, of course, be an elderly man. I shall keep my eye on the Indian newspapers for an account of the trial. ^^^^^^^_^__^— _ It is nonsense to say a man is inclined to be bald. When a man is becoming bald it is quite against his inclination. 