BRIGHT AND BRIEF. Star!ling Figures: GboB*s. Biaing People-The Mace lomans.-Judy. A horse nifty pull with all hiB might, but never with bis mane. \- «. Waiter, this »teak ie msoh sm*llor than ?the one I had yesterday. How's tbatP" " Ob, it comes fram a smaller ox." When a washerwoman changes her plas« ot residence, one may ask her, "where she hangs ont now " without using slang. Ancient Female : " How much would yon take me for f ' 'Cato Fhotrgraphar s "About foer and twenty, mam." He got the job. Jeskie'a Pain.-Cora t " What did Jessie say wbanhe threw himself ether feet P" Dora: I "'Osch! Marder! That's my favourite j eora!'" I A Lber-l Mind« Big Pat: « Ot isterfere j ?wld no man's opinions, bnt I'm' prepared te jaap os tbs ibes» of aanr man ooBtbrtdiotia' m«u"-Fun. Leap Y wi Basalts : n What did Jack say whan you proposes te himf" Oraest "Hs ; »as too frightened to say anything-s-i sileaoe 1 gav* consent." A podt ask« : " What is warmer than a woman's lovef" We infer that hs sever picked up a newly-coined horseshoe fresh from the forge. Magistrate t "If I let you off this time will you promisnot to oome baok here *ga;n P" Prisoner t "Yes, sir. The faet is, I didn't oome voluntarily thia time." Bight about the Writer : " I think Ling, ford has tho makings of a po t in him." *' Bnt you know the proverb that poets are born, not mide P" " Lingfcrd bas be« bora." -Jody. The History L*e«ont Teacher: "Wheo, did the Thiry Years' War commence f" Pupil t " I don't know, fir, but if yon WI me when it left of I eau reckon op."-Fliegende Blatter. Latest Fashion Í-Blcyoto dinners and sup. pera have been the vegae. Piéfe de resit' tones 1B, of euu-ee, "Cold Wheel." The dish "ta selected beetnse whatever the number ** «heel " is Bare to go round. Punen. On the Cyclist : Vesler : " Who invented bikes and trikes t" Spokes t " Oh, the good eld Chínete, of oourae." Veeler t " Get oat ! Who cays so ?" Spokes $ " Why, ? Tenoysoa! He spoke cf * a cyolo of Cathay,"' .-Fim. Visitor< "I e'p>8e, BOW, your duty ie preventive-stop th» drink traffic, eh P" Ooastgnard i " Only as regards tbs f orrin article, »ir. We h»s no orders to perwent inland drinks when they comes Oar way." (Hint taken).--Moonthine. An Introduction: Mr. Braithwaite : "This is Mr. Nioh jlson, my dear, a bnsinesB friend." Mrs. Braithwaite t " I rather think I have mat Mr. Kioaolson before somewhere or Other." Mr. Nioholtos : " That is not im probable, I hare frequently been there." Judy. Hrs. H. was very sorry that the clergy- man of ber parhh had been competed tp leave; "You see," she said, "the p:or ra-.n fell off bis bioyole. and his doc or has told him tbat for some time be mu<t try an in enmbent pwi'ion. Sa be hat g »no a Tay for Another «uro."-Punek. The French geagripb«1«« çeady to asoept Greenwich aa the international merid- ian if pur geographers will, in tarn, accept the Freanh system of measuring longitude France is ao s ;ldom inolinsd to compromise1 With ns that it is a pity that, in this oase, we are not at all likely to be able to metre half- way.-Moonshine. A Speedy Change : He (about t > propose) : " My dear Elise, I do love yon." She : " Yon know, of osurae, I am poor." He: "Yes, Miss Elise, and J hope you will parmit me to be a brother to yon!''-Humoristische Blotter. lathe Tourist Season: Servant (to hotel manager) i "The old gentleman ia No. 35 fancied be saw a ghost last night." Manager : " All right. It I charge him 10a. extra on his bill be will know he has Bsen ene."-Fliegende Blatter. Netto be Beatsn : Painter A : "I have jost finished a portrait of the professor, and when hi« «ifs o*m* to see it yesterday she ^ Vboaght it was really her husband." Painter B. t Ind ed ! Toa know my piola-o of Heresies t Weil, last week I thought I would teach ap his nose a little, and directly I pnt my brash es it bc eaecssd \"-Hxtmorietisehe Blatter. Caughtt She: "I say, Alfred,Mrs Mallar asked me yesterday ta select soma dress material for ber, and I ohoao a hortiblo ooloar." He : " Hew stupid <f you I" She : ** I wanted to her a bad turn." He : " Well, she told me to day fiat abe propose! giving you a gown for your birthday, and thought it a pretty o »rapliment to ask you to select it yourself." (Teir>-).-Humoristische Blatter. Lodg«r: "I found a tn jibing in my bol room last night, madam, and-'' Landlady (indignantly) :" There aint fuoh a thing in the höu>te. You must bav i b^on^ht it with you." Lodger (conlly) : " I WAS going to say, madam, that I found a sorere;go in my bed- room last r.iítit, and I won't dispute your word as to my having brought it with me, co I'll keep it." Isdlviduil upholding pott : ' Wot wa» the matter with that gent as they took to the 'orspitol *h:le he wasa-dinin at »oar gnt'nor'a roatoorant ike other aigHt, Bil t" Anima'«d Sandwieh : " Ab, that wai a fatal o ate ! You ?<e, *ur gu»'nor gives nine oonr^es and a dessert for tenpenoe fca'pet ny j and thia gent was tba first as ever enooeeJed in working bis w*y eleen through the whole bill pf fare 1 The j itv returned a verdlok of unnatural courses !w 