BAPTISM, AND THE SCRIPTURAL J MODE OF ADMINISTERING IT. I I TO THE EDITOR OF TUB ADVERTISER. Sir.—I no'ice a lengthy effusion by Mr pitman in your last issue, evidently de nned as a criticism on the report of my address of last Sunday evening. I am very sorry that anything in the way of controversy should have sprung up just now. B it this vexed question is sn often presented to the public from a Baptist point of view, and such strong assertions made, that if the other churches remained silent it would be assumed that wo had no defence to make. I feel sure that all lovers of fair play will justify me fur giving our views on the subject. The first point raised by Mr Pitman is concerning the divisions in the Corinthian Church. He snvs : — “ But it did not occur to me that when Paul spoke about baptism he was stating the cause of division, any more than when lie spoke of eniciniion." This sounds very marvellous, when baptism is j expressly mentioned, but I am not aware that the crucifixion was ever tile subject of dispute iti the Corinthian Church. Next we have the quotations from Mr Pitman of being in Christ and info Christ, to which I would add. “ For yc are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in Cod.’' I would ask, is it by virtue of the w.ter or by the work of the Ho'y Spirit, that sve are brought into this spiritual relationship to >iod the Father and Christ the Son ? T hold that it is by the one baptism by the Holy Spirit. If Mr Pitman believes it is hy tile water let him say so, and we will know where he stands. Nex*-, Mr Pitman takes the liberty of saying, " and then if Paul meant to make little of baptism, it tells more against those who sprinkle babies, for they put it first and the Gospel second.” Thus inv principles, arguments and practices are all reversed by a bald assertion hy Mr Pitman. This is very discouraging, as it makes it evident that no amount of evidence is of any avail against boldness of assertion. The fourth point raised is in the form of a play of words over the distinction between bap tismos and bapiisma, and that it was oil that was used in ceremonial purifying,and not water. Surely Mr Pitman is aware that the fact of the element employed to baptize the sacred vessels, Ate., does not affect the form, and it is the form we arc dis cussing. He also asks for the evidence that the divers washings (baptisms) men tioned Hebrews ix, 10, are identical with the sprinkling described in subsequent verses. The continuity of the subject makes it quite plain. Anyone looking at the context impartially cannot fail to sec the connection. But we have the proof brought out in other instances with the greatest possible clearness that baptism (baptizo) is used to express pouring and sprinkling. Take the reasoning of Peter on the day of Pentecost. We first quote the promise of Christ—" For John truly baptized with water ; but ye shall be bap tized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.”—Acts, 1—5. This was •• The promise of the Father.” And Peter tells us that this promise was given through the prophet Joel. And when we turn to Joel, ii, 23—29, we read—*‘I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh . . . and also upon the servants and upon the handmaids I in those days I will pour out my Spirit.” The promised baptism came on the diy of Pentecost, but it was hy pouriuy—they were not dipped, or immersed in the Spirit. This is an unmistakable case in which baptism (baptizoJ is used (contrary to the assertions of Mr Pitman) to mein other forms of application as well aa immersion. But I must once more refer to the teach ings of Paul (I. Corinthians,X, 1—2)—“sou were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud anil in the sea." Mr Pitman says the cloud was above them and the water stood up on each side oi them, and they were immersed in the cloud and in the sea. But we read in the Bible that the children of Israel passed through on dry land. Which is right? It has been said that some people set out with a theory, and if facts contradict the theory it is so much the worse for the facts. In the supposition that the light spray might have been blown over them, Mr Pitman seems to find a difficulty about them passing through on dry land, but finds no difficulty about them being plunged over head and ears in the sea, and still calling it dry land. But why have a controversy over that which is only a symbol of the true baptism? What we all need to teach is the necessity of the baptism by the Holy Spirit, a new birth and conformity to the life and Spirit of Christ. I have no in tention of writing on this subject again. If this does not settle the matter, no amount of evidence aud argument will avail anything. —lours, &o;, D. PORTEtTS. [This letter has been held over for some issues, owing to pressure on our space.— Ed.] 