SPOBTIHG.. By ,'A dock's Ghost.' The three, well-known V leppers,' be'.ong- . ing to Mr Gollau— Norton, Ebor, and ? Busacco— are booked .for a trip to .the oldj country. The coursing matchletwceu the two well- . kociwn greyhounds Bloomer, and Blagtd-ir 1, , wil , it is understood,1 lake place at Maribjr- . nong (Vie ) plumpton, on September 6. T£e grey .gelding Eiridisforde is now first . fnvoriie for the CaulGeld Cup, at 109 to 6, The Admiral being marketable at a point longer. Dulhallo-v, Tullaniore, Launlresi, Newman,. The Possible, Best Bower .Vaoitas, , Fitz-Donovau, The Buooaneer, The -Heroine, A pine, Trenchant, Preston, Taranaki, and Vindication, have been inj»ood request. For. the Derby, 7 to 1 is offered on the field,, with very little to chose betwesn .Auraria, Bob-, Ray and Wallace. The Harvester. is nomi- . ual favorite Jot- the Melbourne Cup. Very little money seems to be going on .him,, but Portsea is being well backed at 103 to 4, and . Delaware has mat with support at the same prioe. Tjte Trjer, Kirkby, Newman, Havoc : Palo Alto and BickBgat*, hara also beau iu n sired for. Tim /Siriveller has changed hands, and )? , \ destinsd 'for India.. ' w ^.A Taranaki has gene into Walter Htokenj^jJMTL botham's stable at F.emington. ~^\ ifr,K. J. MitcheU has .been .appointed; X hiudicapper to. the Mu'.ruuibidgee Tuvf ? V Club, by 4 votes to 3.. I. understand that. * Mr James Price( tin late -handiqappsr, iu timated to the Club at theic autumn, meet-; . jog that he wpuld not adjust the-; weights : any.longer forthe club, and was surprised; to see his named mentioned at the meeting. One thing is certain, . and . that, in, the club , last annual races cleared a nice littla Bum, and it must be remembered that the veteran.' 'was. i he liandicapper at that inMting. The , two moat go-ahead clubs iu.Riyeriua — Nar- andera Aud Coot»mundca— have -MrPriee as „ , -their, weight, adjuster,, which, no doubt,,* is one olt'ue elements ol:their succsml. Jack Hoysted's two representative at the , .CprowaBaoes, Lwdsay and Stewardess,,won , their respective raoes. Creole was sepond in the race won by Lindsay. . That gay de- . csiv-er, Arbices, ran. third in the Selling. R*cb. .Lucy and Clanomanare beipg ? schooled: at the looal heath .for the big feooss. The , latter will, I believe, make at debut ft. the, oomiug Wtcga Race, the former i* nomyiated t at Randwick. . Temora Raaw take pUc» on Friday .-next. . We will be -represented by Snip, Waxworks. audSundot, and.I tully expsot to.see tUe; three Jieralded,as .winner*: Soip;wjll shoji'. I fancy,. that bis form, here the seoond day was all wrong ; Sundot, who . is . not partial to the maobiw, start,, will, no doubt ran, true, andisliould about win,. ? Swordbearor, by Grandmnster fcoraCorito, t will be sent to.hdU nexf month.. The « ' Auslralaslah,' e&ja; : The council of \ ' churches at its last meeting expressed its. :'-Th*Hkfuluea» to. Almighty. God; for. tha. - detoiitof the.Totalisator.KUl' . , : . The M^urs Gibson Bros., the- owners ot ,Daimio,,'haye sent a. qliMne fpr. £18i to. Do.vtnio'.s breeder, Mr John.Burtright.an olct shep'aerd'in.Gip^sland.. Thi Melbnurne Cup winner, Glenloth, has - besn.leMed.by. Mr C. S., Aguow, T«3iuan6»,, fur stud' purpose i.. -: C. Moore'* further application for per-, rausion to ride work on tho couiso lias bee% refused by the V..R, C. oomtbUtsje. Prince Francis of Took recently laid JE1O.O00 to £ 1,090 on a two-year old BMntd -Fjr^Einin a rao»-»t the Cnrrflgh, and lost. yt IHr00^ mire Timidity, which, when in . ifj^Ntlnglit'sstnd at Ingliston foaled two noted horses in Malolo and Beau Brnmmol. \- Mr S. Hordern-.hM repeived word from hit stud farm that Grace' UtoliJig, winner of ttie CanlBeldCup in 1885, has droppfd a filly foal to Nordenfeldt. At his own expensr, J. E. Brewer is malt 'ing arrangements for erecting a tombstone over the grave of bis fellow jockey and friend, Ckarles l*wie. .Sachs, graceful act on the part of the Isiuunplon horseman will lifts as long in the memory of sportsmen as ti» dashing displaysovcr country. 