'REMINISCENCES OF IRELAND.' Tbe Hon. G. McGretror, M.L.C., lectured on Monday evening, October 7, in Molton'e Rooms, Flinders-Btreet, at the monthly meet in? of tha Irish National Fedbration. ou 'Personal ReininincenoM of Ireland. The Hon.J. V. O'Logblin, M.L.C. (President of tbe Federation), ocoupied the chair. Thuro was a good attendance. Mr. MoGrecob, in anabloand interesting address, spoke of the various plaoes in Ireland where, as a boy, he had resided, aud told many bumotoos and quaint legends connected with the historic spots where he had resided. Kildare be bore in most pleasant memory as tho prettiest spot in that beautiful country. Incidents which occurred to himself were graphically told — how be jumped tbe bogholej safely on weekdays, bat in variably fell in on Sandays, and watched fur ghosts and banshees when going borne at night, after lieteninir around tbo peasGreto the yarn!) of one .liintny Heilly, who wm full of the fairy yarn* of tho neigh bourhood. Liu had lived iu tbu North, iu the South, and in the West of Ireland, but there were no countiei whero landlordism carried sway as it did iu Galtvay nud Mayo, and be did not believe that them was anything done to tbo landlords them but what wm deserved. Of all tbn place* he bad Ui-n in on the faoe of tbe earth tln-ro was not n country that could compare with Ireland for either climate or fertility. Hut thero wan no obaute for Ireland to have tbe power to govern herself until the Uoufco of Lords was swept away. Tho bust way for the Australians to help in the cause of Home llule was to show that it was an unqualified suocons in tbo colonies. lit* could speak from personal experience that the social and moral lilo of the people of Ireland was far above that of either Scot land or Kogland. Tbe Irish people wero the most agreeable and sociable on eartb, and although in the past people bad kept up a certain amount of animosity iu tbo North of Ireland, that was now dying out, and they were beginning to see that their best interests lay in unity. (Cheers.) On the motion of Mr. F. J. Whomhias, seoondod by Mr. .1. P. DoUKxr, and sup iwrted by Mr. P. Healt, a hearty vote ol thanks wss accorded to Mr. McGitEGOtt, who, in reply, promised ti-contiuut» bis recollection! at some future date. .. 