MATiEIALISire A GHOST, I ■A CHR3STSSAS EVE ADVENTURE. Bv J. G. O'Doxogiiuk. 14 m.tho beKi“niuK of summer, in the •year IS, o, that the sylvan solitudes of a valley !°fTd(^ -'V° °ftho numerous ranges or spurs •of N orth Gippsland were awakened by a party •of mounted prospector, amongst its primeval Unconsciously picturesque in their unstudied attuudes of graceful negligence, tho bronze faced, resolute-looking gold seekers, sat in their saddles scanning, with critical eyes, the diver sided and pleasing sylvan panorama that en -vironed them. Their protracted examination of the Iand ocapes drd not arise from a love of the beauti aul in Nature ; although tho valley might in disputably be taken as a compendium of one of her many varied displays and beautiful combi nations. Conauuous travelling through Bceuery such -as that which surrounded them, had somewhat •dimmed tho glamor of that exalted feeling ; so diat the lavish display of Nature’s wild gran deur excited but little interest, and called forth fttlo remark from the horsemeu. i.ho geological features of the valley were likewise unheeded. All were intent on a suit a situation on which to erect the tents. A 'Spot was at length chosen, and under the low, spreading branches and umbrageous foliage of a giant eucalyptus tho teuts were pitched, and ■ys9j»iaf.ioBs.i;6t‘fee livening meni»ceBQMaieri.-d Directly in front of tho tents was an expanse of green sward sloping gradually towards the Aloroko River, whose rapid and pelucid waters, eddying and rippling among the boulders that embedded its channel, and the branches and tree trunks that were piled across its course in bewildering confusion at every curve, ran with many windings to join the Mitchell. Lining the river s banks was a tangled mass of vegetation, among which a forest of gum trees, their primeval grandeur as yet unimpaired by tho -selector’s axe, shot upwards, aud in long varied fines stretched away in dim oersnective to the summits of Mounts Butler aud Tomboritha, be tween whose rugged “tors’ the long snowy apex of the Barkly .Range was plainly dis cerned against the deep blue of the evening ■sky. After supper the company gathers for the inevitable smoke and yarn before retiring. On this occasion, however, they do not appear ■to be in a loquacious mood. With grim com placency they sit on tho moss-covered trunk of an old tree, which had beou uprooted by the •-tempest, or repose on the grass, pulling medi tatively tho while clouds of tobacco smoke from between their lips, and watching the curling .and fantastic wreaths gradually disappear in • the quickening shades of night. Brightly gleam the glowing pipes in the twi light. No voice breaks tho stillness. An unusual and oppressive gravity appeals Tto pervade the entire assembly. It may arise from the fact that it is Christmas Eve, and that (memories of other such anniversaries spent •under moro propitious circumstances crowd •upon the mind—anniversaries probably spent with.friends or relations whose familur form -cheery Christmas greeting will never be seen or heard moro. Perhaps, the gravity i3 the out come of enervation, caused by a long journey under a broiling sun. Whatever may have been fhe cause, its effects soon pass off, and personal reminiscences aud adventures of flood and field follow each other in rapid and varying succession. One alone of the party retains an ■uncharacteristic gravity aud cynicism, so much so that his companions remark his silence, and in a bantering way make suggestions as to the “3Tou are all at fault, undoubtedly at fault,” reiterated the silent one, “ One cannot think and sustain a conversation at the same time.” “I was but recalling an adventure that LU I shall roluto '"'oU bare" Ur It is generally recognis exigencies of the present snun?” asked .finances .necessitate bmW grty. ;_ "Ghostly,” was the sepulchral and laconic “ Ghosts! Eubhish!” exclaimed Charley, “ they do not exist, unless-” “This one did,’’ interrupted Jack, as he pro ceeded to drag his long, spare form into a suit able posture fora lengthened talk. ’ “ Oh, well,” replied the sage, somewhat nettled at having his eloquence cut short in such a summary fashion, “ we will not discuss the subject. Fire away.” There is no need for the permission to be repeated twice, for after a few preliminary coughs, Jack at once plunged into the subject. One Christmas time some year3 ago I received an invitation from a friend to spend Christmas T)ay with him and his family. Living, as I did then, five miles from the township of T-, and nearly the same distance fr:m any human habitation, and seldom meeting any person with whom to converse, I readily acquiesced in my friend’s suggestion. Where I resided was a creek, bordered, as is mostly the case, by la goons, which were a resort for many species of wild fowl. Thinking that a pair or so of wild duck would not come amiss to my friend’s wife, I took my gun early on Christmas Eve, and succeeded in shooting a couple, and also a hare. Making these into a portable parcel, I started for the township shortly after dusk. It was one of those nights that one would select for a ramble—when the moon, unimpeded by a cloud, sails majestically and supremely across a firmament of sapphire, thickly spangled by myriad stars. The night was warm and still. The chirp of the locusts and the far-off barking of a dog sounded clear and distinct. From the waterhole hard by came the monotonous, yet rhythmical, chant of the cicada, broken at times by the deep, hoarse croak of seme huge “ bull* frog,” who, floating on the water with out spread legs and inflated body, Btrives, with many spasmodic jerks, to outvoice his adjacent "“sharps.” I had perhaps gone about three parts of the distance when an almost indescribable feeling took possession of me. In other words, I felt by some inscrutable instinct that I was watched. I halted and glanced around. No living thing was to be seen, save the bats that noise lessly flitted past. I glanced upwards. A change had taken place. The sky was no longer clear. Light fleecy “wisps” of cirruB cloud drifted quickly across the heavens, ever and anon obscuring the moon, and causing alternate light and shadow. Shaking off the wncanny feeling that caused me to stop, I ■once more resumed my walk. I had not gone far when a Blight sound '/Startled me. ■ Once more I paused. At this moment the moon shed her silvery .radiance through a rift in the clouds. I glanced ■ tastily around. Something attracted my atteu -fion— something partly hidden by the deep -shade thrown by a gigantic eucalyptus. Some 'ihing motionless and erect, formless and in -distinct, yet shining with an unearthly glow of "translucent light. 1 wub appalled. My frame shook as if with ague. The parcel fell from my 'nerveless grasp. Huge drops of perspiration -coursed each other down my face. I felt as .:weak as a child, and could only gaze at that ^portentous shape. There are times, we are "told, when even the most reckless are struck "with a feeling of awe—when the blood seems to chill and the heart to faint, and all physical -power appears to be gone; when the soul is -startled and the cheeks are blanched, and each .'function appears to be under the influence of tsome indescribable paralysis. .. Such were my feelings at that moment. With alternate sensations of fear, doubt and -bewilderment I continued to gaze at that ghostly figure, standing so grim and silent Then rath the great gum. Long ago I had "reasoned myself out of all belief in ghosts,, goblins or any of the other supernatural appa ritions which man. in hi3 imagination, creates and endows with al the faculties essential to their existence. Yot, so unexpected had been the encounter, that all my former reasoning failed to stand the test so suddenly imposed upou it. It wa3 not long before my normal Belf-pos sesaiou returned, and with it all my former doubts in the existence of ghosts. I stooped to pick up the parcel dropped involuntary at tho first appearance of the mysterious, and on looking again in the direction of my super natural companion, I found that he had vanished. Cautiously approaching the spot where ho so recently stood, I glanced arcund. Xothing was to be seen. Was the spectre, after all, merely an illusion of the senses ? I was suddenly awakened from the reverie into which I had fallen by an unearthly cry, unearthly alike in tone and portent. ^Turning hurriedly in the direction whencethe cry came, I saw the fearful apparition coming directly towards me, gliding seemingly over the ground at an almost incredible speed. My cGurage being now equal to the en counter, I awaited the advent of tho portentous figure with a coolness equalling my previous trepidation. The spectre was clad in a long, white, luminous-like shroud, which descended from neck to heel. Its hands wore those of a skeleton. Its head a blanched and grinning skull, the sightless orbs of which, like those of that fabled animal the cockatrice, shone with a brilliant, unearthly light. My resolute bearing seemed to disconcert j his ■* gliostship,” for ho checked his speed, and ^vhen^nfunTyurct^rwliore1 I stonu, lie ra’feff' his skeleton-like arms above hiB head, gave utterance to a weird cry, and shot oiT at right angles to his previous course. Listening attentively, I could hear the faint crackling of gum leaves, as from the passage of a ponderable body over their surface. Spectres, according to the whimsical and accepted hypothesis, are shod with wool. This one, evidently, was an exception to the general I determined to fathom the vagaries of this moonlight ranger. Grasping the parcel firmly in my hand, I waited a favorable opportunity to give chase. That opportunity soon presented itself. Once more the spectre came hitting towards me. Feigning fear, I crouched down alongside of a tree, and thus lured the figure nearer to my concealment than it would otherwise have approached, .lumping up, I made a rush at the spectre, hut by a graceful movement it eluded my grasp, and darted off, leaving me far iu the rear. With stern pertinacity, I started in pursuit, urged on by the desire-to investigate the source of that incredible pace. After the first burst, the ghostly figure adopted a steady, uniform pace. I followed about a chain distant, running well and gaining speed and confidence in my staying powers at every stride. A peculiar sound now attracted my attention. A remittent hum not unlike the musical vibration of tense wires had becoino audible, .Puzzling over this inexplicable sound I ran on. Suddenly a log fence, surmounted by a bar barousdooking “buckthorn ** wire, extended its sinuous length in the path of the ghost. I quickened my pace. V*rould the figure attempt the jump. My cogitations on this point were abruptly ended by his ghostship turning, and following the course of the fence. A few hundred yards distant I kuew that another fence joined and ran at right augles to the one we were now following. I felt certain that the spectre would not be able to jump the fence and preserve his diaphanous draperies intact. At length we reached the angle formed by he two fences. Cutting a corner I thought to tintercept the spectre. It was a vain manceuvre. With the ease of a kangaroo the object of my pursuit cleared the fence and thus avoided me. The jump, however, h. 3 in some way displaced his anatomy. He no U. . 'T glided over the ground, but adopted a style which appeared a blend of the Irish gig, and the ungainly gait of a wounded?D0ssum. I gave chase. Afow doubles, liiac wui.—-. i v,—-‘■ r'-;;Virii*r approbation o: the most exacting footb(>dji e.itic, ensuear Then with a swing I raised^ the parcel. For an -•'extent it h'in^, li1-'!* ■ sJ^nri1 nf Darrjocles, suspended over the spectre, and then de scended. 1 had a transient vision of a pair of ducks, a luminous body and the whirling lorm of a hare seemingly careering through space, aud then all was a blank. I had materialised the ghost. On recovering my senses from the involuntary oblivion into which they had been so suddenly plunged, I found that I was extended at full length on a dusty road. Jumping to my feet, I looked for the cause of this startling denoue There he was, sitting on a stump, still clad in his diaphanous draperies, swearing like a Van demonian at a piece of wood that had become securely fixed in one of the powerful springs that wore attached to his hoots. At my feet lay a grinning skull, from out of which issued two beams of light. I picked it up. A circular hole, sufficiently large to admit the introduc tion of a small lantern into the cavity of the skull, had been cut through the two bones. A. copper stud connected the lantern with a leather cap which fitted the head, and to which a chin strap was attached. “ Well,” asked my companion, when I had completed my inspection, “what do you think of my get-up f” “Wonderful, especially the springs,” I re “ Yes,” he said, “they are not bad, and but for this stick you would never have overtaken I assisted him to remove the stick, and watched him don his ghostly human helmet. Then giving his draperies a shake to remove the adherent dust, he exclaimed, “ Au revoir, my strong-minded friend, when next you attempt to materialise a ghost, don’t brealr your neck by falling over him.’’ “ One moment. What is your object in masquerading so far from the township ?”. I asked. “ Merely to frighten a holiday party. I trust that I shall be more successful than I have been in your case.” Saying this he glided off. I watched tho flitting form till it was no longer visible, then picking up the contents of the parcel, I resumed my journey and arrived at my destination in due course, and favored my friend with a narration of my adventure. “It is now 12 o’clock,” exclaimed Jack, glancing at his watch, “ so I shall wish you all good night and a Happy Christmas.” 