tomRESSPONDEN CK ? . - ? w *~ ' ? ? ? ? - TOTS AHTI-ASIATIC QUESTION. To THE EBITOK. Sib, — In view of the perfect hornefs nest of criticism my defence of the white 'j noes' has aroused, I naturally feel some 'what embarrassed. The disturbance ipi«ni^fmrtiiVg - with a buzz is still hum ming, and one's head is fairly addled 'with the manner of literary gadflies -which, have been ground out of the local centres of Asiatic corruption. I have 'fittt to deal with somebody calling him ieif' John Smith.' This rather ?-numerous individual challenges my 'Statements concerning' Christy Palmers , ton. Now it really doesn't matter a . button to the argument ^whether Christy Falmerston was speared in the heel or a little higher upon the earns side of bis body, .- os whether he followed Little or vice «rw. Still, I only repeated the tradi tions current about Palmerston in the fax north over most of which I have travelled. If Mr. Smith doubts the accuracy of my statements he can write, say to Mr.' Archie Merton (The Sacred Ibis), or to Mr. G. T. Bates, Editor of the Cairns Argus, -and he will soon be satisfied that 1'almerston was not the poltroon he represents him to have been. Palmerston has nothing to do 'with the dispute anyhow, any more than 'the ghost of Julius Cass&r;'s grand N father. Mr. Musa Khan's diatribe, though often illogical and absurd , and sometimes untruthful, is much -mote, to the point. Mr. Musa Shan sa^s that the Anti- Asiatic 'ieague objects to Mohammedanism inj particular . This is untrue. Our printed manifesto says nothing about Mohammedanism. We object to servile labor of all kinds, and my reason 'for giving1 special prominence to £ne : believers in Islam, is that they' are at 7 present the most unpleasantly conspicu ' -ms and obnoxious of the servile races. 'At the same time I admit that I should regard the establishment of Inlander*, in this country as being 'nothing short of a national calam ity. Mr. Musa Khan goes on to 'say that' Mr. Vosper, the most impor \- tant leader of the league, stated that the negroes and kaffirs of Africa, and the Colored people of America, could be .?Welcomed to this colony, because they t-were either Christians or could be easily converted to Christianity. The white 'people of Armenia or Siberia (Asia) : could not be prevented by any Act of Parliament from coming in here. Of 'course, Europeans were in Mr. Tosper's opinion, Europeans minus \ file Mohammedans in Turkey (Europe).' V How, I said nothing1 of the kind concern Big Kaffirs and other colored tribes. ' 'What I said was, that if being a British ;' subject, were a qualification for entry, 'then we should have to admit the -? Kaffir and Bamto from Africa, the coolie ton) Tti/H&j; the Chinaman from Hong kong, and so on ad nauseam. But I did : not, and do not adu.it that being a sub ?Ject of the British throne is a sufficient i qualification. I said nothing whatever concerning Armenians or Siberians, ex cept in referring to the outrages on the former. If the inhabitants of Siberia or Armenia h ave the same tendency itp lower the Etahdard of our civiiiza itlbn, as the Af^pna or Bohfllas or whatever they really are, then I should be their bitter opponent, -ieven though their Christian sanctity ;rgave every one of them a place in the -fireek Church calendar. As for the '^Furka, I did not refer to them either, ? ifut will now sav that they have never *;been recognised as Europeans. They are intruders, whom the European Great \- Poorer* would unite to drive across the . Boaphorus, if it were not for inter 'national jealousy. I did not Eay that vjEdam teaches its votaries to pollute all J&ie; waters they come across. ,What I did say waa that the Tslumc faith pre Sicnbed ablutions for certain unmen gtipnable reasons, and that the Afghans J& carrying out this behest of the ^Prophet did pollute the water on the ^oldnelds. It was their action pah that respect which led to the '-Point Malcolm tragedy. Their reli rjgion does teach them not to associate Vtriih Christians. The Koran, chap. XL., -jpf ainrj eays : — ' War is enjoined you against the infidels.' (Infidel being f£ha generic title for all non-believing in *T&£ Divine mission of Mohammed.) yEhap. HI. is very emphatic on the point. fZhie verse is as follows 'Otrue believers ^contract not a friendship with any be jgides yourselves ; they (Christian, Jews, i'&c;&y;) will not fail to corrupt you.' And faster in the same chapter. ' Whosoever ifighteth for the religion of God, (Islam) 'whether he be slain or whether he be vic §toricus we will give unto him a great re ^ward. Fight therefore' &c.;, &c.; Chap. RV. is even stronger. ' O true believers 'take net the Jeirs or the Christians fto be your friends ? -whoso taketh JEhemfor his friends, he is surely one of JifeetR.' These words are from the sacred Ttwokof Islam, and the position is this — 'If a Moslem is faithful to a Christian ~&&n; he ia false to his faith ; and, if he l-e true .to his faith he can never be mujht but 'an enemy to us. Is Musa Khan prepared to risk eternal dam nation by way of stowing hi* kindness 'towards any Christian F There are dozens of curses in the Koran levelled iat Christians and the anathemas against /recreant Moslems who profess friend l^ahip for Christians are equally ^numerous and severe. Let Musa t^Chan- beware, therefore, for the |p*rophet has got his eye on him. As feanegards mixed marriages which is the |pkext Important point. This inter irj^arxiage is one of the evils we wish to Kavoid by the exclusion of the Afghan. g^Ehe Moslem will ' associate with ' and jSff.Jove '? after his otra sensual fashion ~r,* Christian ' women and will not pro |jBelytise them because there is no place gi& Paradise for them if they were con gjerted. - But is there any white man in pperth who would like to Bee hiB daughter pcir sister in a -Mohammedan harem ? | Arabi Pasha, the celebrated Egyptian iSexile now in Ceylon, has six wives, of fjpiiQin four are French and two English. l^$fd doubt Arabi ' loves ' them S«d 'associates ' with them and Niiroold do the same for as many gBBire if any of the ' Fair maids psif Perth' chose to offer themselves at ^candidates for a place. But is this the ^w&ate; of society which Mahommedanigm ^ViS;t6 introduce here ? If so, are not SSrese 'mixed marriagee' another and inmost powerful argument for Afghan fyexdusion? I agree with Mr. Musa pKhan that in some respects it would be fetter for the English had they never possessed India. Whether it would be fcftetter for India, however, is another %oestaon. If Mr. Musa Khan knows ^?z^rthing about the History of India, h* j^ptfH agree with me that India is far ^fegfcter governed now than she ever waa llaider Mahommedan rule. The disease %& leprosy is spreading rapidly, as I ^£js-ra frequently asserted. Who knows, ^Indeed, as Mr. MusaKhansaya, whether W&aa; may ^nbt be due to Pnnjaub garbeat and Bengal cotton? In the case i^ the Armenians, they are appealing ^o the Great Powers because the Mo ^KftThr'*^«^p power iiader which they Cine, is weak and impotent, except Pjbr «y3. When we start the horrible -^pitnxsties ofAxmenia on the Afghans here it will be time enough to appeal to that puppet and man of Etraw, entitled the Ameer. There is only one way for the Afghans to escape the frightful persecution to which we subject them— such as refuaiTig to give away o«r land for their marques, and as speaking in plain language about the unutterable evils of their tribe and faith in the man ner customary to free spoken white men — and that is for them to depart hence and leave the country to those who have borne the brunt of its discov ery and development and their legiti mate successors — the white native Aus tralians. — I nTn, 4c., F. C. B. VOSPEE. Cafe de Paris, April 26, 1895. 