The Mystery of Hiss Carew. BrtLE. Stanlev Penn. \- ' Jadr, is it yonr intention to marry Mrs. Winthrop!' 'If she -will do me the honour to accept me — it is.' This point-blank inquiry and decisive reply were exchanged between myself, 1 Wilfrid Hadeley, and my friend. Jack Havtosnl, oue antnmn evening five yeara iagb, as we stood cn the terrace of the hotel atrBurgeuefcock, nrar Lncerne. Bargeuatock,' as perhaps some of my Venders ' are- aware, is a - lofty wooded p'omiwitiiry, whlch jots ont abrapt'y on the east ride Of the lake of Luct-rne. A funicular " rrilway shoots up almost the "shore to the1 summit V of the -clifi which is crowned by a. big white hotel, where my friend and I bad been spending our antnmn holiday. IjVe were both barri eters, bnt I wfm perforce a hard worker/ while Davenant merely, coquetted with the law,' having independent mean. 'Is thereany jnst cause or impediment why I ahonld not marry Mrs. Winthrop I -he -demanded, turning his handsome bronzed face towards me.: - t / No' 1 cadsfe whatever ; she is ah ex cellent match io every sense of the word,' and yun are a lucky man if yon win ."her.:' Bnt there may" be an rim- pediment.' - Her sister, Miss Carew, has__ evidently made up her miod, for reasons best known to herself, that Mrs. Winthrop shall nut marry again if sha can prevent it.' 'Bnt fortunately she can't prevent it.' he interrnpted. ' If Stella — Mrs. Winthrop — loves me, as I hope and believe she does, it is not likely she willgive me up at the bidding of thBt interfering old maid.' ' She wonld be very foolish to do so. Bnt she seems to be in the habit of yielding to hto sister, and even to be a little afraid of her, which surprises me, for Miss Garew does not "jpve one- the impression of "being a particularly strong- willed or strong-minded person.' Not strong-minded certainly,' he acquiesced. In fact it has occurred to me more than ones "that sheds a little bit,' he touched hisforbhead significantly, ' and perhaps that is the reason Mr. Winthrop gives' way to her, not to irritate her by opposition. Haven't yon noticed her aerrods restless manner, and the scared sort of look she has, as if she had once seen a ghost and had never got over it!' I laughed. ' She is sane enough to make . herself uncommonly disagreeable sometimes,' I remarked ; ' but to do her joatice, she seems devoted to her sister, though in a jealous sort of way that mnst be rather trying.' ' Trying ! Stella most be an angel to endure it 1' he exclaimed. ' Poor darling, Her Hie nas not oeen a very bright one hitherto. Married at eighteen to a man old enough to be her father, who kept, her ,sbnt np like a nan, and now, tormented by the tyranny and eurveilUnce of a jealous old-maid sister ! But if she will trust to herself to me, the future shall atone for the paet,' he added, more to himBdf than to me, and returned to his tontemplation of the view. "At a giddy depth below ns lay the Lake of the F»nr Cantons,' calm as a mirror in the evening rtillness, while to right and left, like twin sentinels, rose tiie majestic forms of the Righi and. Monnt PilatuB. The inn had set long ago, bat the golden glow still lingered, and all the air seemed lominona. Dinner was over, and the Biirgecstock guests, among whom Germans . pre dominated, were trooping out on to the terrace to drink coffee and enjoy the cool evening air. Trim, waitresses bustled about, the hotel baud began to play, and presently an electric lamp was strung op to a pole above onr heads, illuminating the terrace d giorrio. ' Here they are at last f Jack ex claimed, after, many expectant glances over his shonlder, and he went forward to meet two ladieB who bad jnst emerged from tho honse. Except in figure and complexion, both bring fair, and both tall and slender, the .sisters were as great a contrast as could "well "be Imagined! Mrs. Winthrop was a fragile, girlish-looking woman of three or fonr-and-twenty, with soft appealing bine eyes, and arched brows, which gave her face a look of innocent suiprise. ft was a face .which, if not: actually heautifhl, waB angularly attrac tive; none, the less . bo, pmkap8, for the suggestion of weakness -in -the pretty, curved -lips and dimpled ririn! ; ' Miss Garew was at least ten years her sister's tKUIUlyttUU IUU&SU-; VVQU wwa miasmas asws- ;age, thanks . to heir . worn features and' pallid Complerion. Her manner was hervons and ahrqpt,'and her eyes— fine browri 'ey;»hich redeenied her face from plainness— had at times, as Jack had remarked, a cariously etertied look, as if the shadow of some" great fear had ptosed over her. : -'How late yon are-!' was my friend's greeting. '-Dinner was ovto half an-hour ago ' He placed a chair for the yonng widow as he -spoke, leaving me to per-- fwmtiiesame offito fbr her sister. 'It took me exactiy half-an-hoor to convince Edith that lt wto tiot too cold to sit out lrof doors,' She_ answered, laughing ; 'and having been ' convinced hgeitmit her will/' dtp -is h»tnrally ' of the a«me opinion 4till.' - - j'The airis chilly/ Miss Catew asaer- ted/aaahe drew rqhnd -her -a"honldere a volaminons gtsywoollen ahawl. . ' "" Yoh .would Jhe mqr.e.8beltered at the other end of -tiie terrac' Jack suggested dbnt'.yon shbve Hisa Corew'a chair over theref'- ! "-'Thank yonj l will stay where I- am/ riterijoineddrily, as ahe>suhsided into jibr aeat, and uodnced the complicated piaBB 'bf -kniUipg without which ahejwas hSUMpS&i;'. '!-.'>! '; " we'rinirihiS'ri e 1 togh bif'h e rs frhrai . -.ieseA 'apljBhe told,- ' tyPi su|s, jfbe"'lshef|motto.» " H|ihtonghl8yrite..f.l«titoairiit:awid »iaMiwMtoll.i!Mt to £dith x. mm ' ' l" 1 , ' I complain. I know jthst she fovea me dearly.' . . ,' He looked at her adoringly. .' ' If it is a merit to love yon,' he began, then I — — 1 She interrnpted him with a tap of her fan. ' Hush 1 this is too public a place for sentiment. How fall the terrace is to night, and how loud those Germans talkf she added, glancing over ber shonlder at a particolarly noisy group near ns, the central figure of which was a stout black-eyed lady, with strongly- marked Jewish features, who was attired with mora splendour than the occasion seemed to warrant. 'Those dolcet tones are not German,' I remarked ; ' it is Mrs. Solomans, the. stock-broker's wife/ The yonng widow changed- her position to have a better view of the Jewses. ' Her diamonds are splendid,' she said softly after a panto. Miss Carew, who had apparently been absorbed in counting stitches, looked np quickly. ' Shocking bad form to wear tbem at a table-d hbU,' she remarked, io her abrupt way. ' And not very safe,' Davenant added, - lowering his voice there is a thief in . the house. The manager tells me that Swithiatiie last fortnight several" go eats have missed small articles of jewellery. But the curiona part of the matter i«/ he continued, 'that the things 'have since been returnid to their owners as mysteriously as they were taken. There is something rather uncanny about it — things vanishing and reappearing as if fay some invisible agency.' 'Yon make me quite nervoos/ Mrs. Winthrop declared, half laughing half serious. ' I hope Are you going, Edith 1' sho broke oflj as Miss Carew began to roil up her knitting. ' Yes, I am cold,' the latter replied, with a shiver. ' You had better, -come indoors too ; it is getting late.' The yonng widow hesitated, bnt meeting her lover's 'pleading' gaze, she answered with nnusnal decision :: /Not. yet ; I will join yon presently.' Her sister seemed about to speak again, hat changed her mind, and walked away in silence. Soon afterwards I also discreetly vanished, leering Davenant to make the most of bis opportunity. An boar later, looking from my window, I saw the two lovers still tete drtetc, apparently nncon- scioos of the fact 'that Miss Catew, grim and ioscru tabieae one of the Fate?, was. watching them irom the steps of the verandah. ! XL ' Well, Jack, am I ton congratulate yen P I asked my frieod the following day, as we were smoking after lunch in a shady nook of the shrubbery. < PjinflToXnlafo ma «n what. P 4 fiA demanded moodily. 'On having woo the fair widow, for i suppose you came to an understanding last night! Surety ehe has hot refused you 1' I added, noticing his gloomy expression. 'She neither refused nor accepted me/ he answered discontentedly. I j could oot get her ti give me a definite answer. She. acknowledged that ehe cared for me, but talked mystcrioosly of au obstacle between us, and when I asked her what it was, began to cry. Of course the ' obstacle' is Miss Carew I — confound her!' he concluded, flicking . the.ash from'fais cigar. ( \-- ' Cheer up ; it'll all come right.!' It told bim consolingly. .'Rather than yon j should be -disappointed. Til marry the _ ' obstacle ' cayeelf.' ?- S 'Thanks, old hoy, that would indeed | be a proof of friendship,' be rejoioed j laughing, as fae rose end stretched bim- ' self. ' How iotoierably hot it is ! I'm going to get en iced soda.' Au revoir V "and he strolled sway. . The heat was indeed overpowering, and seemed 'to increase rather than diminish as the sultry afternoon wore on. Lightly . Clad as I :was, my clothes oppressed me.' My Very ring— a sap phire, in n massive old- fhshioned setting — was an inconvenience. ,1 took it off and plating it ou the rustic table before me, resumed the novel which I had been ' .reading before Davenant joined me. -I But the book was doll, and I' was. drowsy. The distinct voices of the indefatigable lawn-tennis players, and; the muffled plaint of the much-enduring" piano, which reached me ' through an open window, mingled together in a confased and soothing mnrmnr I fell into A doze, and from that into a vbund sleep. I mnst have slept -some time, for when I woke it was getting dusk. Befote. my waking senses : folly . returned,! had a bazy idea that someone or something had been near me In the arbonr; I' even fancied that I had canght sight of a woman'a figure in the act of leaving it, bnt when I roused myself and looked round, no one was visible. A glance at my watch showed me that it was time to dress for dinner, and I was; moving away, when I re membered my ring, and turned to take it from the table. To my surprise and disomy it was no longer there. \- \1 looked under the bench, among the boshes, sod in every nook nod corner of the placerinYain. The mysterious thief had paid me a vimt while I slept, and the ring was gone ! " j T|elt:tbat I had only my own care- lsntos to thtok.for!rer;lo88, but it grak;|ni>|ho less vetotions, for the ?iiig v Valu able ohel''';|L could only hope 'niat it; wonld eventually be re- titadd|jpf''.fillnr' musing Articles bad, been. ' !vC% .' '5-. ' it At'iqnerl relsted.ay lymitarei' 'riiejriiug fwth a chormf|topted.qaeto liqns and ekclamatioto itom oerybne Vnthin hearing. ,, iYoa;thinMtwas Daven ant asked, VrSbo -he »nldmakehlmBelf -heardi'-- right of 'her fign re to «he lt tlm «nv "fhapptoed tofoucf,M I,.npoke,ist . Miss Xforewi ("ho »-»« -wtiiiig trmppritSi; that a- wealthy and well-bred woman would condescend to petty pilfering !' Still that look haunted me. . A sort of chill seemed to have fall-ti upon us; Mrs. Winthrop looked -pale and distnrbed, end I hastened to change the sobjret.' . Theeietereleft the tohlo before dessett, and to Jack's disappointment, did uut appear after dinner. - . Later in the crening : I had occasion to go upstairs to fetch my cigar-cas. I was' approaching my bedroom door when it suddenly opened, end to my -astonishment, Mas Oarew emerged from the apartment. She stopped short on seeing me, and for a moment we etood face to face, looking at each, other in silence. Then, as if taking a resolution, she' said, with a aort of desperste compoinre : I have returned yonr ring, Mr. Mxde- ey.' 1 My ring I' I echoed, ' Then ' the j words escaped me involuntarily, ' then it I teat yon who took it'!' 1 She inclined her head without speak ing, standing before, me like a criminal awaitiog sentence. I gazed at her in perplexity. She could not be in her right mind, I told mys-lf, yet. there was no Bigus of inB«nity about her at this moment. Her face was simply a blank page which told nothing. ' My dear Misa Carew,' ' I said, forcing "a smile, . 'what induced you to do snch a thing! was it meant as a joke !' ' Yon can thiok so it yon like/ she muttered, without- raising ber eyes. Her manner provoked me. I should advi-te yon to give np such "jukes " in future,' I said drily ; ' they are rather a daugerons form of pleasantry, and blight get yon into difficulties.' 'Shall, you — do you intend to de nounce me !' she asked, huskily. ' If anything of the sort occurs again, I shall be compelled to do so,' I re turned ; ' bnt in the meantime I shall keep eilcncsfor yonr sister's sake.' , . Sbeiaised her eyes to my face with s "strange look ; a look that seemed foil of meaning; though' I had - not the clue to: it 'Thank yoo, '-she-said, quietly, and before I could speak . again, she walked pest me down the corridor! III. V Three days passed uneventfully, and brought ns to Thursday evening, when the weekly soiree dansante took plate.' It was held in the large diniug-hail of of the hotel, which made a capital ball--, room. Not being a dancing man, I seldom attended three affairs, and was inclined to grumble when deprived of my natural rest by the noise of revelry in which I did not share. At about ten o'clock I looked in, on my" way upstairs, and fonnd the ball in full swuig. Davenant and Mre. Win- ftisnn relitr1di4 na cea/i ma tr> fno ctfsino of the ' Endymiou Yalse.' They both looked radiantly happy, bnt it struck roe that there was' something feverish in the young widow's gaiety. Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes unnaturally bright, and ber laugh had a half-bysterical ring. She seemed as the Scotch say, ' fey.' Near the curtained "doorway where I stood, a row of. wall-flowers ' and chaperons were seated, among whom were Mise -Carew, and Mre. Sol -mans. The latter, as nsusl was absurdly over dressed, with half the contents of a jeweller's show-cese displayed on her neck and arms. \- As Davenant and bis partner walked past at the conclusion of the vatse, I saw him laughingly direct her attention to the Jewess. The you rig widow looked at her carelessly, glancing over ber shonlder as tbey passed on. Miss Carew also was watching ber stoat neighbour ' with a curious intent look, as if she were appraising the value of . every jewel ehe wore. Presently I retired to my room, bnt. not to Bleep; I felt wakeful and rest less. Before midnight the' music -ceased, there was a sound of footsteps' and' voices in the corridor as the guests dis persed to their different rooms, and I heard Davenant - enter bis, which ad-: joined- my own. Then by degrees, sflenpB settled do wo opon the sleepiog ' house— silence alter apd .complete, f Feeling that if I went to bed t should -not -sleep this - sultry— night, I -took e chair out on to the broad stone balcony, | -Oh which all the rrtejpsjqf tbh trt-floor 'firontopehed! '-The'ibif lobcnpieid by; Mrs. Winthrop and her sister were ' to toe: deft, over . to<p--eBtr»nce, wfiile my right-habd neighbour was Mrs.-Solomaop, whose eonorous snoring reached -me distinctly through her open window. It was a maeical nieht. All the circle of. the heavens glittered with stars, the ; lake and monntains dying in a' tranced stillness beneath. To look op at that , ehiding host in the thrilling silence of a night like this, made one feel lonely and. insignificant; giving one a sense of the immeasurable space.)- which ties above and around this pnny world of oars, the vast spheres of existence apart from onr little life, and never to be explored by us. I rose st last, and retreated to. my room, to sbnt myself in from the wide vagne night and the haunting presence of the etare. I had hardly quitted the balcony,: when my ear canght the sound; pf s light foot-fall approaching along 4t from toe left . As I rirew back into toe shadow- of toe" room, a woman's figure glided past — s tall slender figure —with a. grey woolten shawl thrown -over the head "and ebonlders. She waiked swiftiy bnt Stealthily past my window, her long light -wrapper trailing' rfter jier, apd diaappear«i jn the direc- n;plHre!<$<>fomans'!&pEinbnt;! -thought,-, f in spite"-xf my.. .warning/Miss kCArew js at. her oldtiicke ji«siii7'v.; ; .. -, . ;;; . / , ' .. " What was to ' be done !_ Shonld T follow and - prevent -her from -carrying ont fato A<trpBe> or Aronld it be better to w-fit.tiUnhe emerged, snd-HrWhile T'-still :.hesitatri; there; came - from the on thep»£jfiwBr!! -% , . Je WBS8'«'.. rlfiyftmiBril intojthin: rotiiri«d?hroiilffitobD/:toehA":) ip'robg out of bed, clntching the wrist of the intruder, who stood as if petrified, her head hent low, and her . shawl half covering hsr face At the same moment Davenani'e voice sonnded behind mr. 'What's thb matter! what has hap pened !', he. exclaimed, looking' over my shoulder, ' Hallo/Mre. Bolomsnp, have yon caught the thief f ' Yes, I have caught the thief,' ehe" answered, in a curious tone, glancing towards bim. The mnffl-H) figure made a suddm movement as if io eacipe, bnt Davei.a-it placed himself in ihe way. . JNo, no, madams or madem -isplle,' he said, with- ironical politeneFS, 'yon niart. not leave as till wehsve seen your face,' and before she conld prevent bim, he draw the shawl away. After one glancsat the features which were revealed, he fell back with a gaap of astonishment 1 Good heavens— Stella i' I It was indeed : Mrs. Winthrop who stood there, white and trembling, her face vac'ani with fear. ' Stella 1' he repeated after a moment ; why iare yon here f Is it necesssty to ask that qoesiinn P Mrs. Solomafas .exclaimed, with an angry iaugb: . ' Look ! she has my . nock'et- cass in ber hand at this moment !' She pointed t-i " it with a- fat forefingir. LncWily she dropped! snmethiiig and' woke me, or ' She was interrnpted by the appear ance of Miss C<rew, who -pat ns aside withoot ceremony and entered the room. She was very r pate bnt looked neither < scrpri8ed nor alarmed. There was « composed dignity about her which I naa never, noticed before. ' Is my sister here? she asked qaietly, addressing Mrs. Sulomaae. - J Sbe has been walking in her sleep.' ' 'Edith, I am here, ' Take me away,' nh, take me away, and hide me/ the young widow cried, in a tone of anguish, roBhed to her, "and hiding her face on" her shoulder.' The elder ' woman folded 'her arms, round toe trembling figure with a look of protecting' tenderness which trans figured her face. ; Yes, -(forling,' .come,' she 'said sooth ingly,- 'lam -sorry yonhave beendiaturbed,' she added with a smile, addressing Mrs. Solomans, who stood transfixed. Good night.' .... v Drawing her eister'e arm through ber own, she led the way along the balcony to . the rirtipg-room they occupied4, and turning at ; the . door, beckoned to Davenant and myself to enter. Mrs. -Winthrop threw herself on a conch aod buried her face in her hands, sobbing hysterically. 'In a moment her- lover was on- his knees at her side. ' ' Stella, my darting,' tic began, taking her -hand ; do not distress yonrself. Yon hftVA hurl « Kftil drnam fro f.«i firaof it She started at, his touch, and raised ' herself, confronting him with a face so changed, so wild and haggard, that the words died npon his lips. ' Do not speak to me — do not. touch me,' sbe breathed, shrinking from him. 4 1 am not worthy of your love. lam — what that woman called me jnstnow ' — ber voire sank to a horrid whisper — a thief r r- : He drew back inv-ilonterily. gaping at her' io speechless astonishment. ' What are yon saying !' he exclaimed ; 'you were not -couecious of what. yon were doing.- Yoa were adeep— — ' She shook her bead; ' I was oot asleep— thnugh it . seems oow like adrettn. Edith, will tell yon that-;' She broke off wi'h s cry of pain, putting both hands to her temples. ' My head — my bead,' she moaued, and with a long ehoddering sigh, -fell back insensible. ; Davenant rose slowly,. bis face white to the lips. 4 Is she raving, or is thie horrible thing true T he sked hoarsely turning to Miss Carew. Sbe did not answer bim until she bad laid her sister's nerveless figure npon the conch, and arranged the cushions under her bead.' Then she turned to him' vritb a face almost-M white as his own. It is troe,' -she said quietly; bnt She held op heir hand as be was aboot to speak. 4 You most pity.nut condemn, ber. Sbe is no more to be blamed for this unhappy mania than if it were 'a physical ailment.' 4 Mania f be repeated qoickly -; ah. I understand.' 'Yes; a mania she has had since childhood! Tbe temptatiqn comes upon her as a sadden overmastering impulse. Sbe sets automatically, as if under, the pressure of a' will stronger than her own. and re'aina.ao recollection of: her action. -There are intervals- dariag which the malady seems dormant j and then -again, it. attacks her:— as it has since we came here/ He drew a deep breath and was silent a moment. ' Miss Carew, you " should nave told mo this before,' were his nex words. \- You hive a right to reproach me,' she acknowledged ; 4 but I hoped to find , a means of separating you jrom her with oat' re vesting this miserable secret, wbich it had -been the porpose of my life' lo conceal. . Bot now tbat yon know it/, she ; continqed, . yon understand how impossible iteis.thatx she can be yonr wife; -and ;in mercy to- her you will go . away, 'and never seek to see her again.' : ' But she is yoahgi'ulie msy be cared/ I suggested. :;< \- J 'Never !:Mr. Winthrop had tost hope: when he manfed her-!)for or c-iurse we liad waroed him V hat ali his love ! and care wen in vaio. No— death only can remove the blight which zests npon her "mind ' . , -Da venant tnrned.and looked at the : inanimate figure on the pouch, «o pathetic in its hripleesnres!'- "'flow-csn j leave. her! I'lcyfe i' lf yon ioveiier, do ndt-tprttire ..her. Go before she wafces, and are iber the ipain of , .-) He MjSjaiiist, ra momriit -.trreeolnte, then riopped kedlnBseduain andsgain I tnnttering - nmna imBcnlate wjords : of !:pu«we&i;: jbwSdTiiiiljti ' .too ' / ». # <£? gh ? ftp- 'it Icoall uothnt leel tiuA shewms rnqrafnlfy 