BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE TO TURKEY. THE references made to foreign affairs by Lord SALrsnuRY at the Lord Mayor's banquet were plainer than the usual run of ministerial utterances at that annual function, where Gog and Magog frown upon the guests at the Guildhall. The Minister for Foreign Affairs stated that the relations of her Majesty's Government with the great powers were more peaceful than they had been for a long time past. With regard to the affairs of China, as Britain was ready for war or peace, there was no reason to feel anxiety on the score of her being debarred from the Chinese market. The idea of the existence of a secret treaty be tween Russia and China was vigor ously pooh- poohed, although it is proverbially difficult to prove a nega tive in a matter of this kind. The greatest trouble with which the British Government confessed it had to contend, however, was the condition of Armenia, with the engagements which had been entered into with regard to that country owing to Britain's interests in the treaty of Berlin. The subject of the condition of Armenia was over shadowed by the much greater one of the present state and future prospects of the Turkish Em pire in general. Lord SALsanuar stated that by the latest accounts re ceived from Constantinople the Sultan obstinately refused to give effect to the advice of the Great Powers, of whom the most urgent in representa tion and action is Britain. He warned Sultan ABDUL EH~Dm not to think that consideration of the dangers conse quent on a break-up of the Turkish Empire would prevent Europe from insisting upon the Porte giving effect to the reforms considered necessary by the Great Powers. He admitted that the dismemberment of that country would be attended by circumstances of an appalling character, but a con sideration of that fact would not deter them from doing their duty. His Lordship further expressed his satis faction at the unity displayed by the Powers, and declared that it was their desire to promote peace if there was a possibility of maintaining it. Notwithstanding the complimentary references to the other Great Powers it cannot be forgotten that Britain has a difficult task to perform with Russia and France as parties in this matter. These countries have their own ends to serve in their present relations with the Turks, and these are not parallel with the policy of Britain. It is not at all wonderful that the Czar should consider that he has a superior claim to all others to the position of official assignee, which must be created when the sick man gives up the ghost. The impatience of France at Britain's occupancy of Egypt is something more than a merely jealous sentiment, and recently there have been many more serious controversies between the two countries to increase the strain of the relations between them. Therefore, with regard to Turkish affairs, Britain occupies a very anomalous position to the two other Great. Powers with which she is now supposed to be acting. If they play her false at a critical moment, the responsibility of' set ting right the affairs of Tur key will largely remain in her hands. That would be a gigantic enterprise, even for the country which has frequently undertaken tasks only s.lightly less onerous. If the worst should come to the worst, a British re sident at Constantinople, working through native officials, would not be more extraordinary than the presence of similar officials at the Courts of protected Indian states, and in Egypt. It may be said that such a solution of the Eastern question would be but a merely temporary hanging-up of the matter, and that the great problem whether the Muscovite should reign at Constantinople would still press for a solution. Neverthe ibss it is evident that if the Russians were safely entrenched on boththeEuropean and Asiatic coasts of the Bosphorus their occupation would be but the commencement of fresh trouble. One of the first principles of the Czar's Government is the Russifi cation of the people of provinces con quered by it; and the addition of about 28,000,000 souls to the Rus sian Empire, about half of whom are Mohammedans-without taking into account the states now nominally sub ject to Turkey-would be a Herculean undertaking for years to come even to the great Northern despotism. The appointment of joint controls over countries in which hosts of clash ing interests exist has been frequently tried and ever found wanting. Egypt was a well-known instance of the failure of this mode of administra tion, and Britain was at last forced to take a lone hand in the matter. Samoa is a country where a similarly unsatisfactory condition of affairs prevails, the comparative smallness of the interests involved being the reason why it is tolerated for one day longer. The Turk has for a long time past relied on the rivalries of the Great Powers for the toleration of his most wretched rule. But.with Lord SAISBnunY at the helm, and the British nation at his back, the Sultan has to face a state of affairs which he has not heretofore ex perienced. How close this apparently remote subject is to the British nation is shown by the significant movements of the moneymarketwithin thelastfew weeks. British Consols, which were £107 5s at the end of last month, have now fallen to £105 10s; a drop of 25s having taken place in one week. Colonial stocks have fallen about one half per cent. on an average, and South African and West Australian gold-mining shares have been severely hit. When gilt-edged securities were affected in this manner, it is easy to conjecture how the "wild cats" suffered. A state of affairs prevails in which a precipitate step might lead to the most serious consequences. The subject has been a constant source of trouble for centuries past, and now appears to be approaching a climax. Turkey is the largest and worst slum of the Continent, although from its geographical position it ought to be a pride and pattern both to Europe and Asia. .This corrupt and neglected quarter must, in the first instance, have the public peace preserved therein before the task of cleansing it is undertaken; and therefore the chief question at present to be answered is, What country is to have the appoint ment of a policeman ? 