yHK STOHYTELLEE I My Lady Nobody. By MAARTEN-MAARTENS, Author of ' God's Fool,' &c.; Ghaptee XLIY. — AFRAID. I ' Ursula, you look ghastly,' said Tante Louisa at breakfast next morning, ' and the whole houEe is full of your gaddings about.' ' Ursula,' said the Dowager, spilling her egg, have I told you that Gerard is coming back P' ' Yes, she knows,' interposed the Freule, hastily. 'I can assure you, Ursula, that the servants disapprove.' ' 'The servants!' echoed Ursula, with such immeasurable scorn of the speaker that the latter could not but feel somewhat ashamed. 'No one can afford to brave his servants' opinion,' the Freule rejoined, with nf-perity. ' No, not the bravest. Even Caesar said he was glad to feel sure that all the servants tbougl t well of Copernica. You will find out your mistake too late if once the servants are against you.' 'Everybody is 8gainst mo,' replied Ursula, bitterly. ' Now, Ursula, how unjust that is ! I sm sure, not to speak of my f elf, your dear motl er here has always shown you the' greatest confide jatiou.' 'Ob, certainly; and my father tco !' exclaimed Ursula. ' I was not thinking of them. And the villagers. And the people at the Hemel. They all love me too.' ' It is for the Helmonts' sake, then,' mumbled the Dowager. ' They all love all the Helmonts.' ' They doD't love you, and you know it,' said Freule van Borck,' incisively. ' As fur me, of course I admire those who dare to confront popular hate. 1 Drive over the dogs ! ' That would be my theory. I envy the woman who had the oppor tunity of Raying it. All I advise is — take care.' ' I do,' replied Ursula, 'of them all, as much as my limited means allow. And this is the way they repay me.' ' Ursula, my dear, your charities are all wrong. To give with as mue-h dif crimina* ion as you do, you ought to be able to give much more. Only the very rich can afford to giVe judiciously.'-- ' Aunt Louisa, I believe that is very true,' re plied Ursula, gravely. 'Of course it is. There are lessons, child, which only a gradual tradition ultimately develops. I am a Radical, of course. That is to say, I am an Imperialist. I believe in the Napoleons of histc ry. But, genius apart, it takes half-a-dozen fathers ai-d sons before jou produce enough collective wisdom to float a f∋'.y. And I have always declared jcu were a re nur table woman, Ursula ; but I should lardly say of you, aB your father-in- law once said of some celebrated artist : ' Heredity ? Nonsense. Why, Genius is a whole genealogy.' ' ' Did Theodore say thatf' cried the Dowager. ' Now, I did not remember. But he was always scattering witty th'ngs, in bushels, like pearls before swine.' ' Thank you,' said Louisa, who had not learned in the least to bear with her sister's in firmity.' ' I don't mean — Louisa, you must write that down for me. There is nothing that distresses me more than the thought how incomplete my work will be at the best.' ' Mynheer van Helmont is at king to see the young Mevrouw,' interposed a servant. Ursula, rose hastily. ' Take my warning to heart,' Aunt Louisa called after her — ' about the servants.' ' I am not afraid of servants,' replied Ursula, disappearing through the door. ' Again ! ' said the Baroness. ' He comes here constantly, and at all hours. It is not yet half past 9. Louisa, when he marries Ursula, we can go and live on the farm. Ce sera le cotnble.' 'I tell you,' replied Louisa, coolly, 'that Gerard is going to marry Ursula, and then all will come right.' 'And I tell you,' echoed the Dowager, with an old woman's insistence, V that Gerard is going to marry Helen, sooner or later. I have always known he would.' ' Helen? Helen? Why, she's married already. Really, Cecile, I believe you are going crazy ?' 'I know, I know,' replied the Dowager, in great confusion ?' But her husband might die. Otto died.' ' Pooh !' said Tante Louise, departing. The Dowager also beat a hurried retreat. She sat down in her boudoir, and gathered poor grumpy rheumatic old Plush on to ber lap. ' They'll find it out,' she reflected. 'If only I could hold out till Gerard comes.' And her chin shook. . ' You are come so early,' said Ursula to Theodore, V that I suppose your news is especially disagreeable.' ' If so, it meets with a fitting welcome,' re plied her visitor. 'But you have guessed right. Ursula, you remember my tailing you that the Hemell cottages by the Mill, the worst on the property, must come down ; and you said they couldn't?' ' Tou said they couldn't,' interrupted Ursula. ' Who was to pay for rebuilding' them ?' 'Well, whoever said it said wrong. They could. They have come down of themselves,' ' What ?' . Jjill' ' One of the middle walls has given waypnring the night, and the three cottages ere a wr«®v.' - '? 'Oh, is anyone hurt?' Ursula clenched her hands. 1 ?? ' Only you,' answered Helmont wifli a sneer, not at her. 'All the whole filthy rabble are encamped outside among their household goods, swearing at you.' . , - ! Ursula sat silent for' a moment.' ' They never paid any rent,' she said at last. ' No, of course not.' ' That is something to bs grateful for. Theo dore, I cannot help it. You know I einnot help it. Nor could Otto. How could we make good, in our poverty, the result of half a century's pro fusion and neglect r' ' ' I did not say you could help it. And now we shall have the inspector, and tne hovels will have to be put up again somehow. But how P' ' How repeated Ursula, vaguely. 'Never mind. Wait a little. We shall see.' 'Wait!' exclaimed Theodore. ' Twenty - four hours ! Have you no more diamonds ?' 'No. Theodore, I am beginning to feel that I can fighf. no longer. I owe it to you that you should receive the first warning. I am going to give up.' He turned on her hotly. 'What, frightened already?' he cried. 'Frightened?' she repeated, growbg pale. ' Why frightened?' A sudden light seemed to strike her. ' Oh, you mean because of what they say against me in the village. What do they say against me in the village, Theodore ?'' ' If you know, I needn't tell you,' replied Theodore, pale also under his ruddy glow, un consciously wondering how much had reached her. ' They say that I used dishonourable means to secure my husband. There is not a word of truth in it, Theodore.' ' I know that,' he answered, much relieved. If I didn't know that, I should long ago ? ' He checkel himself, as much from pride as from any gentler feeling. ' Have given it up,' she quietly concluded his sentence. ' You are right. I have been making up my mind. I, too, give over.' 'Mynheer Noks is asking to see Mevrouw,'' said the man-servant, once more ditturbing her, in thg same careless, impersonal voice. Theodore started at the name. ' Do nothing in a hurry,' he pleaded — ' nothing to-day. As a personal favour to myself. I have a right to ask that. Tie villagers will say you are afraid.' '-I promise,' she answered, 'for to-day. I have no right to refuse you. But I am not afraid of villagers.' A moment later she stood opposite the notary. 'I have brought the deed of deposit, Mev rouw,' said that functionary. ' Aud my witnesses are waiting in the hall. Have you the document ready ?' ' No,' replied Ursula. 'My gocd Nolary, I owe you most ample apology, but I' cannot help myself. I have been compelled to abandon the ideajtjfematiQg a will.' Tgpnotary stared at her for a moment, tco angiff to speak. He was a rough man l.y nature', as she had seen, but not devoid of intelligence. At last he burst out 'Then go to ? see ? Rigo letto', Mevrouw, next time you visit at Drum.' Ursula had never been to the opera in her life. Mynheer Mopiut's one attempt to take her having failed. ' I do not understand,' she said, ' but I see you are angry. It is very natural. All I can Bay is, that I ask your forgiveness. I did not know, when I came to your house last night, that I could not leave my money away from my father.' ' But you knew when you left,' said the lawyer, surlily. ' True, but I had not had time to reflect. I see now that I must leave things as they are.' ' I, too, have had time to reflect, and I have come exactly to the opposite conclusion. You will probably survive the Domine : you say that you do not intend to marry again : then the best thing you can do is to draw up a will as you in tended' Ursula looked down at the carpet pattern. '? I am an old friend of the Helmont family,' continued Mynheer Noks. ' I do not deny, Mev rouw, that I was sorry to see this manor pass out of their hands. I should be still more sorry, and so would everyone, to find the Mopius family ruling here.' He hesitated ; then, with an effort : 'Mevrouw,' he said, 'You are, perhaps, the best judge of your own conduct ; but, after your visit last night, you will pardon my calling it strange. I don't know whether you came of your own free choice. I don't know what tragedy is being played here. I don't want to know. But something is happening. I can see that' ' — almofet involuntarily hepointed to Ursula's wounded forehead. 'All I say is, be careful. You acquired all this property by the merest accident. If anyone could have proved that Mynheer Oito lived half an herur longer, there would be no question of any will ef youro.''^ 'What do you mean?' exclaimed Ursula. ' Dj you dare to accuse me ? ' ' I accuse nobody. I only say, be careful. There are strange stories floating in the air, and your strange conduc': can only augment them. It ouly wants an unscrupulous lawyer ? ' I am not afraid of lawyers.' said Ursula, standing calm and queenly. I have humbly bagged your forgiveness, Mynheer Noks ; I can do no more. This interview is at an end.' She swept to thfe window, looking out on the lawn, the near cottages, tbe far-spreading trees. ' I am afraid of myself,' she whispered. Half an hour later the post brought her a letter from Uncle Mopius. . It was a complaining letter, full of the writer s continual ill-health, and all his sufferings and disappointments ; but it had an unexpected wind-up. ' This year, once in a way,' wrote Jacobus, ' I am going to make you a birthday present that you may bo able to keep up the honour of the fimilyin tho face of those beggarly Helmonts, who, I hear, arc abusing you everywhere. I hope you will use it for display. Show the naked braggarts that a wealthy burgher is a better man than they.' n The envelope contained a cheque for -0UU florins. (Continued on page 1124.) As the Manor house carriage, with Ursula and Gerard inside, halted by the cVu'~;li, tlie school children s;in-r l'atriaiic antbems, and the Domino held discourse.— Chapter XLV. Urania stood holding It contemplatively on tlie palm of her outstretched hand. ' He is wrong about the date,' she said to her self. 'My birthday is next month, not that any one except father cares. Bat I will keep the money : it will do to rebuild the cottages.' She wondered if Harriet knew of the gift ; she fancied not. In reality it was entirely due to Harriet's influence. Ursula stood by the writing-table on which lay her dead aunt's faded bit of beadwork : ' No Cross, no Crown.' She recalled her father's in version, of the words. ' Uncle Mopius has mistaken the date,' she said aloud, ' and to-day, of all days in the year, he sends this money. I accept the omen. I will not confess at this moment ; I will not give up. No one shall say that my motive was cither fear or despair. I will fight them all. Chapteb XLV.— THE HOME-COMING OF THE HERO. 'The rebuilding of the cottages was undertaken without delay, and, chiefly to comply with Myn heer Mopius' s injunction, an entertainment was organised by Ursula in honour of her birthday. It was a feast of the usual kind, in the village schoolroom, with dissolving views, and still more rapidly dissolving cakes. The whole village criti cised the various good things provided, especially the patently didactic slides, ana went home replete and grumbling. Furthermore, last year's potato crop having failed, the village demanded provi sions. These also Ursula distributed, especially in the Hemel, as far as the two thousand florins couldpossibly be made to. stretch. Even elasticity has natural limits, and presently dissatisfaction rumbled forth again. That spring, however, remains memorable in the annals of the Hemel. In April its oldest inhabitant died. He had been breaking up all through the winter, and his gradual decline had been watched by every man, woman, and child in the place : for, firstly, he was the only one among them who could be described as 'pretty well off secondly, he was a childish bachelor ; and, thirdly, every household in the hamlet laid claim to some form of connection with ' Uncle Methuselah,' as they called him, though nobody wished him that patriarch's tale of years. Uncle Methuselah having died intestate on the seventh day of April, every able-bodied adult in the Hemel, not to mention the children, stood out side Notary Noks's little office-door on the morn ing of the eighth. There was much jostling and jesting, also some affectation of Borrow by those who considered that laughs should be taken in disproof of relationship. The raggeiest of the ragged troop, fat Yrouw Punter, had actually concealed an onion under her tattered shawl. Her face was so resolutely jovial that she fancied the lachrymose vegetable might prove useful in her interview with the man of law, for she had heard, and devoutly believed, that, if you but held such a thing in your hand, at an emergency, your eyes were certain to overflow. Most of the others shed rivers ad libitum, scorning artificial assistance. ... But Notary Noks put a stop to that. ' Come up in succession,' he said, and those who feel bad take a turn outside.' - A list was made out of eome seventy claimants, and then a period of darkest anxiety and suspicion began for the Hemel. Every day, as it slowly wore itself out, deepened the agonising conviction that 'the judges ' were cutting their slices off the communal tjake. ' Humpy Jack,' who could fluently read words of three syllables, gave voice to the general sentiment. 'A legacy in the lawyer's hands,' he said, 'is just like a lump of, ice on a red-hot stove.' Pessimists shook their heads and expressed an opinion that ' nobody would get nothing.' In a fortnight the excitement reached fever heat. Meanwhile, numerous members of the community regularly viBited— and called upon — Ursula. At last, on a beautiful spring day, full of promise and hope, all the heirs, or their legal re presentatives, obeyed a summons to fetch each man his share. Not a soul but was amazed by the vagaries of V the judges,' and annoyed by their rapacity. The people who received a couple of hundred florins were almost as angry as those who e taxed down on half a dozen silver pieces in a grimy palm. Tet, surely, the queer fractions and subdivisions .should have convinced the uncon vincible. But, after the return of the anxiously expected goldseekers, a general appeasement settled .upon the whole clan. Then followed a brief period of frizzling and frying, of dancing and shotting, and the children's cheeks .were shiny and the . parents' breath was strong. And the voiceB of the singer and the swearer were abundantly heard in the land. Then the flame burnt low, like a dying ' Catherine-wheel,' and fell away. Seven days after the visit to ' the judges ' not a penny of Uncle Methuselah's inheritance was left in the Hemel. On the eighth day several woe -begone faces appeared at the kitchen entrance to the Horst. Not one of these, according to information freely vouchsafed, belonged to 'a cousin' of the patriarch. Horswyk, as always, pulled up its collective nose. ' Can anything good come ontof the Hemel ?'it asked. Besides, Horswyk had other matters to interest it. Scandal about Ursula was busier than ever, and to this was Boon added the all- engrossing topic of 'the Baron's' return. He came back as soon as the chill Dutch summer could feebly be counted on to cherish this hero son of the soil : he came back; .enfolded in wraps . and coverings, with the imprint ofwearying pain on his white but unchangeably handsome face. 'Your rooms are quite ready at the Manor House,' said Ursula, having gone with the Dowager to greet him on his arrival in Amster dam. The Dowager could only sit silent with her hand in his ; it had been her intention to ask him if really he had been wounded, but Bhe had got sufficient answer before the question could be put. ' Thank you,' said Gerard, ' I am going to stay a few days with the Trossarts, and I shall be glad to come and see you from Drum. I am thinking of settling down for the present at the Hague.' Ursula bit' her underlip. The Dowager's pale eyes flashed fire. ' For. the present.' Of course. The best legal advice, she supposed, could be ob tained at the Hague. 'Gerard,' she said, and her eyes . grew soft again as bhe filled them with his presence, ' what is the use of letters that only tell half the truth.' 'It is a fair average,' he answered, gaily. ' Why, even before the introduction of the penny poet man had discovered that the object of Bpeech is to dissemble. A dumb man with expressive eyes wou'd : tell all his secrets. And there has been since the creation of the world no greater multiplier of falsehood than the penny poit.' ' A'man who daren't answer straight is bound to take refuge in nonsense,' replied the Dowager, feeling quite young and clever again. ' I wasn't speaking of the penny post. What you Bay there is so like your father, Gerard. . Don't you remember how he used to declare that the breeding of centuries, after having come triumphant out of the French Revolution, had been killed in 50 years' time by tho railway and the penny post. I have got that down in the Memoir. You remind me bo much of your father, Gerard. I must show you what I have written since you went away.' And then they began to talk of many tender memories, and Ursula left them alone. Gerard had resolved from the first to avoid any thing that could have the appearance of a home coming to Hoswyk. This sentiment Ursula, of course, understood. But there are no more powerless creatures in the world than its rulers, big or little. It was a case of the driver driven. For the population of the whole neighbourhood made up its heavy mind to do honour to 'the Hero,' as everybody seemed agreed to call him. It was an excellent opportunity of protesting against Ursula's government, of glorifying the, ancien regime , and of saluting the national flag ; also it gave a great many nonentities a notable chance of displaying their importance : there would be speeches, and favours, and, best of all, widespread good cheer. Once a committee was formed and subscriptions were gathered, both Gerard and Ursula saw that resistance would be vain. So they gave in, separately and simultane ously, each with the best possible grace, and the Lady of the Manor promised flowers and a colla tion, and invited the gentry for several miles round. Also Bhe drove with the Dowager to in spect the triumphant arches in course of erection at the distant limit of the Commune, on Horswyk village-square, at the Manor House gates. The appointed day dawned white with early heat, rippling over as the sun rose higher into the colour- glories of triumphant June. The splendour of the cloudless morning lay almost like an op pression upon the drowsy pastures and the dusty roads. The washed and smartened crowds by the park gates and near the church shone visibly with heat and happiness. As always at the beginning of every public holiday, ' the temper of the crowd was excellent : ' the local reporter of the Drum Gazette remembered that stereotyped phrase with out requiring to make a note of it. The Manor House carriage with Ursula inside met the train at the market- town station, and, by an irony of fate, she had to drive along the high way seated next to her brother-in-law. It was etill stranger, perhaps, that this should be the single occasion on which she appeared since her widowhood, before all the countryside, in the role of Lady of the Manor. The ' country families ' ? — her cousins by marriage — gathered around her with abundance of malevolent curiosity. Gerard was very . silent and reserved ; she saw how distasteful the whole ceremony was to him. He still looked ill, in dark clothing, with his military cross on his breast. At the first triumphal arch, where a white stone marked the extreme limit of Horswyk, the simple reception commenced. It had been distinctly arranged that only the military hero was to be honoured as such. The Burgomaster's welcoming speech, therefore, was all glory and gunpowder, and could hurt no one, not even Ursula, though she might have drawn her own conclusions, had that been necessary, from the silence which had marked her solitary drive. Loud cries of ' Long live the Baron ! ' now resounded on all sides. They broke out afresh as the carriage halted by the church, where the school children sang a couple of patriotic anthems, and the Domine, wearing his Gross of the Legion of Honour, held a second discourse. The village band, having played a military march, the carriage drove off to the Horst. It was unattended, a sore point with the tenantry, whose proposal to get up a mounted guard of honour had been met by Gerard's un hesitating rebuff. Everybody he cared about (and a good many other people) had assembled to welcome him on the Manor House lawn. The Van Trossarts were there, and the Van Troyens ; and Helen, a fond, though fitful, mother, had brought her baby girl. A big luncheon was served in the house for the guests, and another outside for the members of the committee and the numerous village notables. Ursula sat calculating the cost all through her father's toast, which was necessarily rather a repetition of his speech, a glorification of bravery, secular and religious. Nobody could doubt that Gerard was utterly miserable. Nor could anyone ignore the delight of the Dowager. She stood by her son's side, bowed yet beaming, all through the sweltry afternoon. It was her feast day. She drank in with eagerly upturned countenance the unceasing flow of banal compliments, seeming to derive some personal satisfaction from the clumsy praises of the peasantry. For, after luncheon, while the children's sports were in progress, the returned warrior endured a congratulatory .levee. Farmer after farms came up, red-hot with clumsy good . feeling ; farmer after farmer remarked : ' Now, . Jonker, you've kept up the honour of Horswyk, Bay.' Gerard, rousing himself, found a kind word of recognition aud interest for each. Ursula, as she watched him from afar, saw on the altered features the old smile. Once she drew near to him suddenly, ' How much you must have suffered !' she said. ' I had no idea — I ? .' He looked at her gravely. 'Not as much as you,' he answered. 'I would not have exchanged my fight for yours.' ' Gerard, you do not mean that,' she said, quickly, avoiding his gaze. ' Now that you see the old place again, after all these months, you are glad it is still there, still — ours. You would not willingly now have lost a rood of it. Say so — say so, now.' Her voice grew desperately pleading. Gerard waited before he answered. 'I am glad it is yours,' he said at last, ' as you seem to care. I should not care for it to be mine.' She sprang back as if he had stung her. For the restiof the time she remained with Theodore, trying to believe that she did not observe the 'county people's' impertinences. She felt Helen's eyes upon her constantly, and was sur prised by their benignity. That woman must be a worse woman than Helen van Troyen who can receive, immutable, a little child from God. All through the sultry splendour of that long drawn summer day the peasantry enjoyed them ? Belves in -their own peculiar manner. Towards 5 o'clock a Blate-cofoured bank of cloud began slowly to border the far horizon as if rising to meet the yet lofty sun. One carriage after another emerged from the stable, and the local grandees drove away. Then the people gathered for a final cheer, before melting in groups towards their respective neighbourhoods to finish the evening, many of them — alas— ^with drink. 'Hurrah!' cried the burgomaster, 'for the hero of Acheen ! Hurrah !' ' And now,' said Gerard's clear tones in the ensuing silence, ' a cheer for the giver of this whole entertainment, the Lady of the Manor. Hurrah ! ' . It was a mistake, but Gerard knew nothing of Ursula's unpopularity. His chivalrous impulse met with but feeble response. A strident voice — one of those voices you hear above the crowd — even cried out, though hesitatingly, ' Down with all thieves !' A murmur of approbation from the immediate surrounders saluted the words. Ur sula overheard thein, and, looking up, saw a pair of villainous eyes fixed evilly on hers. ' Who is that man ? Do you know ?' she said, turning to Theodore. ' That man,' he answered, with studied care lessness. 'Oh, nobody. A writer that the notary has lately taken on. His name is Kniff.' ' Stay to dinner,' said Ursula. ' We shall be quite a small party. Immediately ? afterwards Gerard goes back to Drum with the Van Trossarts. I want you to see them to the station.' 'Very well. There is a thunderstorm coming up.' ' Is there ? I don't mind thunderstorms. But this one is several hours off. You will be able to get back in time.' It was about 10 o'clock. The great curtain of deepening blue had crept steadily upwards, sweeping its broad rim, like a mass of cotton wool, across sun and sky, and gradually mingling with night in one unbroken heaviness. The black weight now lay low on the thick, expectant air. The summer evening was pitchy dark and threatening. Inside the Manor House everything was once more quiet, with the numbness that follows on a long day's fatigue. A light glimmered here and there in the big, dim building. In the basement the servants were busy, washing up. From time to time a distant yell of drunken merry making or sheer animal excitement came faintly ringing through the solemn denseness of the trees. Ursula Bat alone in her room, thinking of many things, especially of Gerard's reply to her question regarding the Horst. On her side that question had seemed a supreme appeal. How coldly he had pushed it aside. '1 know not what to do,' ehereflected. 'Ican- not advance or retreat. Merciful Heaven, how he has suffered ! And the suffering has taught him nothing.' The noise from the village beat vaguely against her ear. It was growing louder, coming nearer, but she did not remark it. She looked up as from a trance, when Hephzi bah broke, unannounced, into the room. ' Mevrouw, they are coming ! ' shrieked the waiting-woman, her white face still whiter from terror. ' Save yourself ! Escape by the terrace !' ' Silence. Keep calm,' answered Ursula, long ago accustomed to recognise the poor creature's insanity. ' If you can calm yourself, tell me what - is wrong.' ' There's no time,' burst out Hephzibah, ' for calmness. They are coming — the people, up tho avenue ! They swear they will kill you or burn down the castle ! Save youself .' Save yourself Down by the stables.' Ursula, hearkening, distinguished indeed the fierce roar of an approaching mob. 'Hush,' she said, white to the lips. 'Go upstairs to Freule Louisa. Tell her to reassure the Baroness. Nothing will happen — do you hear me? — if you all keep calm,' she spoke slowly and impressively. ' But if there is to be shrieking and screaming I cannot answer for the conse quences.' Then, brushing past the momentarily paralysed servant, she went out into' the entrance hall. Its white pillars shone dimly in the insufficient lamp light, half hidden behind gay patches of flowers The house had Hot been decorated for the occa sion, but the stands had been refilled and freshened up, and a floral ' Hail to the Hero ! ' of the head gardener's fabrication, still hung unfaded over the great dining-room door. The loud menace of the swiftly approaching dangfr rolled up with increasing distinctness under the lowering heaven'. Ursula could plainly dis tinguish enthusiasm for the rightful Van Helmont and denunciation of the usurper. 'After all, they are right,' she thought, bitterly ; ' they little know how right.' Somehow, the reflection seemed to bring her assurance. She now re membered, without bitterness, all the manifold charities which the usurper, unlike the rightful lords, had constantly dispensed, as bread from her own moutb, to both deserving and undeserving poor. She went out on to the wide steps and stood waiting. Tlie hot air struck her pallid face, aud the clouds seemed to sink yet lower. In another moment the cries all around her struck a yet crueller blow. A dark mass, yelling and drunken, was surging vaguely across the blackness of the lawn— the lowest rabble of the purlieus of Horswyk and all the aristocracy of the Hemel. ' Down with the usurper !' 'Down with the tyrant !' ' We won't have any thieves in Hors wyk !' 'Long live the hero of Acheen!' ' Down with the parson's daughter ! ' And, cruellest of all, ' Down with the light o' love !' For one instant, as those mad words reached her, Ursula shrank back, and a torrent of crimson swept over her cheeks. Juffers, the constable, had supplemented Adeline's stories, telling how, even in her early widowhood, Mevrouw had des pised all decorum. At sight of the single, light- robed figure stand ing there in the dull radiance from the hall, the shrieking, struggling, conglomeration swerved back. There came a lull ; then the wild shouts went up anew. ' As no Helmont's to have it, let's burn down the house !' cried a dominating twang which Ursula recognised. A yell of approval swelled high around the words. The logic of this tribute to the family immediately enchanted everyone : and all the half -grown boys and raw youths in the horde howled with delight at the prospect of so grand a conflagration. The tumult for some time, however, rendered action of any kind impos sible. Then followed the inevitable ebb. ' There is no necessity for burning anything,' said Ursula, in far-reaching tones ; ' the house is full of defenceless women. I am here. What do you want ?' Another roar answered her, and, with re echoing cries of 'Burn!' the mob swayed forward to the steps. Suddenly the fierce note of fury changed to a shrill surprise. Ursula felt a hand upon ner arm. Removing her eyes for the first time from the tur moil in front of her, she saw the little Dowager standing by her side. 'Go in, mamma, go in,' she whispered, hur riedly. But the little Dowager did not remove the hand. 'Hurrah for the old Baroness!' screamed a drink-sodden voice. The response was lost in an uproar of terror as the darkness momentarily vanished, and the whole scene — the massive build ing, the soaring beeches, the upturned distorted faces, the two figures on the threshold — all stood out white for one brilliant instant before the open ing heavenB crashed down the full weight of their pent-up derision in torrents of mingling rain and thunder on the wasp's nest beneath them which men call the world. Mechanically the two women fell back under shelter. The rush of water poured past them like a falling curtain amid the tumult of the elements. The startled and blinded crowd, as flash followed flash, sought an insecure refuge under the great trees of the park, still restrained by that pair of locked and steadfast women from roughly invading 'the house.' The whole place was wrapped as in a whirlpool of contending fire and water. Vaguely the half-sobered drunkard realised that the young Baroness stood inviolable, girdled by God. House and park were black and still in a wide spread drip and shine of water, ?when Theodore van Helmont, drenched to ihe skin, sprang from his flecked and foaming steed and rang softly at a side door. He ran to the corridor, where .Ursula met him, lamp in hand. ' That I Bhould have been too late !' , he gasped. ' -Oh, God forgive me, Ursula, that I should have been too late !' The tears sprang forward as he looked at her, and rained down his cheeks. ' Don't,' she said. ' Tou hurt me.' She had never seen a man shed tears before. ' Of course you were too late. How could you help it ?' He mastered himself with an effort. ' How pale you are !' he .said. '? Well, of course, it is hardly a pleasant ex perience. It was my own fault for encouraging conviviality. It is over now, Theodore. Be com forted ; you could have done - nothing had you been here.' ' I could at least have died first,' he muttered. And he went away without saying good-night. When Hephzibah had carried the alarm to Freule Louisa, the latter had run screaming to °the Dowager. '.'And where is Ursula?' the old lady had asked, gasping and trembling. ' Ursula has gone out to meet them, like the mad creature she is. Dear heaven, we shall all be murdered ! Come away with me. Cecil e, come away .' We can get out at the back and take refuge at the gardener's. Come immediately — come away !' The Dowager rose, tottering, from her easy chaif. ' I am going to Ursula,' she said. ' To Ursula ? Oh, mercy ! Cecile, have you turned crazy too ? Let her get herself killed if she wants to ; what business is it of yours ! Oh, Heaven, I'm so frightened I daren't stay a second longer. Come with me ! Tou, surely, don't care so remarkably for Ursula ?' ' That may be,' replied the Dowager, with one foot already on the stair ; ' but I am going to her now.' (To be continued.) A Fearful Task. There, was no indication of danger or disaster as the midday express steamed out of Jersey City. Some 10 carriages composed the train, and these contained over (500 souls. When the gay, busy city had been left far behind, and all was going merry as a marriage bell, an acci dent of the most unusual character occurred. . As the train dashed forward at lightning speed, and telegraph poles flew past like frighted ghosts, the fireman was engaged recharging the somewhat ex hausted furnace, when a fierce hack draught sud denly shot out, enveloping the advanced cars in flame and smoke. The engine-driver and stoker were driven from their post by the blinding smoke and 'hot cinders, and compelled to take refuge in one of the adjoining cars. The crowded smoking car coupled to the engine was the first to come under the power of the flames. With greedy rapidity, the forked fire licked up the paint, and laid hold upon the dry woodwork of the carriage. It burned fast and furious, and seemed as. if it would destroy the whole train in a very short time. The crackling of burning timber and the thick black smoke that filled every car sent consternation to mauy a heart. Cheeks blanched at the sight, eyes glistened wild' at the glare of the ever- incieasing light, and strong men trembled at the thought of perishing by fire. Tlie train seemed sweeping on to certain destruc tion, and panic and confusion everywhere prevailed. Men and women rushed from one car to another, seeking in vain for a way of escape.. Many and fer vent were the prayers which rose to Heaven for mercy and deliverance. The crucial moment came. When the first shock had passed, the engineer began to realise his re sponsibility, and to think of the lives in peril. The cold sweat broke over him as he remembered that his mate had fouled the spring of the brake, and made it almost impossible for him to bring the train to a stand. Nevertheless, he resolved to risk his life in the attempt to reverse the 'brake and save the human lives under his care. How was the fearful task to be accomplished ? The brave fellow buttoned up his coat, drew in his breath, and nerved himself for a desperate fight with the flames. On quitting his place in the car he retraced his steps over the now almost red-hot tender, creeping forward through the smoke and flame, with how much difficulty and pain no one will ever know. Still the burning .train kept whirling on. The intense agony of the passengers became terribly painful. Everyone seemed paralysed, and -none dared to go forward to help, or to bring back the hero who was now hidden from view. Relief came at last, and not a moment too soon. The suspense was more than flesh and blood could endure. A vibrating sensation ran through the train, and this was followed by'signs of slackening' speed. The heroic soul had reached the brake, flung back ' the lever, and shut off the steam. In a few moments more the train came to a stand, and 600 souls were delivered from the jaws of a terrible death. - As they stood clear ot the burning cars many a heart breathed a grateful ' Thank God, we are. saved !' The liberated passengers lost no time in turning their attention to the hero who had brought them deliverance. The stoker, who had rushed forward to hfs plucky comrade, found the poor fellow dis figured beyond recognition. He had done his duty, and then, when nature had reached the limits of endurance, and in order to lessen the torture of the remorseless flames, he had clambered over into the tender water-tank, from which he was taken in a pitiable and unconscious condition. His clothes were burned from off back, his face and breast had been ploughed by the fire, his limbs were charred almost to a cinder, and shreds of- scorched flesh hung from both hands. Hearts swelled with compassion, and hundreds of eyes wept hot tears of pity and gratitude as they be held the marred form of the Pennsylvania engineer, who had given his life for them. 'Strong arms raised him up tenderly and bore him away to the hospital, where, in spite of skill and nursing, he sank under his sufferings. In a few hours the story of Joseph Seig's deed of self-sacrifice was flashed around the civilised world. Thousands in all ranks of society paused to admire his heroism and loyal devotion to duty. It is to the honour of working men that there are in their ranks, in every land, men equal to such cir cumstances. Every day furnishes evidences that many courageous ones are ready to rise superior to feelings of personal danger for the sake of their fellows. ' ' Long may this be so. Deeds like these, and nobi lity of this kind, never die. Kings and millionaires die, and are forgotten, but devotion like this remains Bunny and green. Such deeds will live in the memory for all time, and unborn generations will be stimulated by their influence. 