The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S lilt: By Una Roe, Author of "The Mysterious Whisper." Chapter VIII.—(Continued). THE BLUE AU8TEALIAN MOUNTAINS. " Now I awake at dawn, and understand. ' Husk, my wild heart, he yet may wait,' I say, And I unbar the door with trembling hand. Only the rose-gold hills that front the day! Only dark leagues on leagues of forest land! Alas! I have grown, asudden, old and gray !" "It is my belief," Minnie replied, "thai Bhe is fretting for her father. She is passionately fond of him, as you know. There may be other causes, but that is certainly one. I think if he were sent for, it would be well perhaps." " All! But you see, he has hardly been a month gone, and busihess will detain him five months longer in New Zealand. He cannot come home now." " His business is not so important as his child's life. Will you not write to him ahd tell him the state of the case P Per haps if you delay, he may come too late. I only offer the suggestion, as you ask my advice." " Thank you; I believe I will follow ybur counsel. Tou told me you were going for;a walk this afternoon. Will you take Edith with you? I will write the letter in the meantime." Minnie and Edith called at Laurel Cot* tage for Eileeii, and then took their way to the' convent, Eileen wishing to pay a visit to the Sisters, to the Kev. Mother in particular, to whom 6he desired to speak of many things. Before they left the con vent they visited the oratory, and Edith was greatly taken with the statues ahd picture, but above all the tabernacle. " What is in thai little house oh th'e altar ?" she inquired in a whisper of Eileen. " Our Lord lives there, Edith, because He. loves us so much that He chooses to be always with us pn earth " "Hid He make Himself so little ? HSp^rl. IflaqjftjHe must,b§ sometimes when nobody comes ^ etoy uith Hnh^", . " Ou£ Lord is so patient arid 'goo(|? Edith. Be,, 4$>es'; noV jminji}., peing here alon& He thinks pi; Wiul along." 4 „ "^nd ' He wafts^ I suppose," s^dEdith; " like the blub Australian mountains—wait-. f' and waibhihg. He hah been waitihg you and mei' EQOen; tb come lid visit' Hini now. I like to' be here, Eileen, to thiiik God loves nie and looks at me. And what is that statue there of the Lady'with aci&wn;?" ^ ff That is Our Blessed Lady,' the Mother. of Out :Lord, andpjir MothORfpr He has givehW.tpjOB fcp,bej>pr toojher^ "Thenis she my ingjJmr tpo, JBilee%?" " Yes; your kind, gootf .he^ye^fy Mother, who. will iake., care of,, you. arid nbjhttiTr for Von aByoiiask of her from hOr Son. Our LowLi* T j. ■ . i Mffii eyes ' fillS4: With' t^S^ shd Viih o&rh; hhr kn&y; afift siud' s6h&^ra§fe Wheh' hhfe" wOh% hStfffi7 at-'Onr Lady hdldiagvoothet aSfttf'erf k&d;#,aad whisiiered to Eileeiii «I to#'So glad, Eileen, toiiavha heivehly Mhthpr. I have" asked. her to send pato home, and to ask her Son OurLordt* mamma and papa happy; and I askedsome otherthipg|!, Eileen, thjhgs fast: ngpseif at hcfiiB, Edithwas nrat t?y her' mother, who toot"her liat'from her, and asked where she had been, and had she enjoyed her walk. Edith shyly related the events of the afternopn,enlarging on the beauties of the oratory, but said nothing, of her prayers and conversation with Eileen. " And so the nuns said that you were pretty and gave you pictures. They were very Jdnd." ' " Tes, mamma,; and one nun, I forgfet her name, an old lady with spectacles, said ; 1 reminded her., so much of a dear, dear little girl wh0ni r t3bie Once knew, and she sfl,id the nuns,called her 'St. Joseph's Lily/ because she was good and nice! Tpey said I was just like her, only that my hair is golden and the other little girl's was, black." Mrs. Hesketh's hand trembled as it lay on Edith's hair, and she drew a long weary sigh. " It is time now to take your tea, Edith," and she left her, yet she had not spoken so kindly to the child for yeai;^. Edith's heart was bounding with hope and, joy—she had an appetite that eveninjg, at least. Mrs. Hesketh had written, her letter. Her good angel had come to her assistance, and she laid1 bare before her husband all her unkindness to Edith and her motive for it. She informed him in this letter that it was himself of whom she had spoken in her amorous soliloquy—that there was a secret connected with the letter she had burnt, but not such as he supposed. She would tell him the history of it when he came home. She explained how she had confided in Lawrence, and showed him how deserving Lawrence was of his esteem and regard. She did not spare herself, but she failed in one point. She. held back from telling him the whole. truth—the history of the past. She wanted, time; she had not courage. One thing she begged of him, to come home at once. This confession was certainly a giant stride in the right direction, yet it lacked an important condition requisite to the obtaining of credence and pardon. It wanted a spirit of contrition, of humility —pride was yet too strong in this woman's soul. The epistle was more a demonstra tion of self- defence and excuse, than a simple, repentant accusation of faults with a plea for pardon. And though Constance resolved to confess that she had once been a Catholic, she had no intention of being reconciled to the church. It was her husband's affection she wanted, her justifi cation in his eyes was her ambition, not her peace with God and her conscience. Hence she erred, and her error brought its bitter fruit. She awaited in the deepest anxiety for his reply. As soon as possible it came. Only, five wordis : " Expect me on the 21st. —M.H." No more. Her anxieties were rather increased than lightened by tbin message, for how would he greet her? What he thought of her long confession was yet to be seen. Or did his love for the child outweigh every other con sideration ? She grew pale and thin like Edith before' he came. She had told the little girl that her father was coming. Edith when she heard this acted, as her mother thought, very strangely. Shte knelt down and said: " Dear Lord and Blessed Lady, I thank you," and then kissed her mother's hand and cried for j°y " What a strange little creature you are, Edith, Who told you to pray to Our 1 Blessed Lady ?" " She is my heavenly Mother, and loves me. You do not hate me now do you, dear mamma ?" " No; I don't hate you, Edith. I was angry "when I said I did. There, do not cry. Let us be good friends henceforth." Edith's, words raised a train of thought in the mother's mind. She was haunted , all the rest of the eyernng by memories of the past—ghosts that would not be laid ; and reflecting on'her own happy childhood, she was struck by the difference, the contrast of her little daughter's lonely lot. She recalled other days,'those blissful days of her own early married .life, when she was fond of Edithwith ayoung mother's passioh ate tenderness, before the demon of jealousy poisoned the well-spring of affection. "Poor little Edith," thought the mother, as she walked to and fro in the moonlit corridor, and a flush of shame glowed on her cheek, and remorse ached at her heart for her thousand, acts of injustice and unkindness to the imiocent child. "She cannot love me, she feats me, shrinks from me, andnO wonder. But see, she idolizes him ; - I undetated her powers of affection. I have never understood her until lately. Oh,. I. hope Bhe' will yet learn to love me—oh, heaven—I hope she may forget the bitter days of her .young life, poor, child. I. will do. my best, as. I have promised Martin, to make. up for the past, to make her forget, andforgiye me. Job. J will male, her my companion as she grows older, perhaps she w$, learp to lpvp ine and be fond of nie sqme d^y.. I: must con.c[u.er this miserable j§ft^ugy-0^<3o4 knows—^ may have had.no nnllcaugg for, it. Lpaay^ve,l»een blind a&^tiirqpgfc a§>e was in my regard;., jfo. hayp,, been, playing at Cf- oss purposes, both, of up, I imagine.,, . Jp'i^/caseEd^is^pt to plame, poor child; hnw.cruel I have been. I ^ . .(CJppsguice' in<^Bd.!in^t&.w^t ah^slid., S^ie f^mdl^era^t^urimig ever f~ * t$ftV "VSR. SL W b ... :rar ^rr^very ratisfaction ss far as mew rs presence. Edith could not love her now, she thought, and was happier by herself, thinking of her father, playing by herself in her own quiet way, free from the ■ shadow of the cruel mother's presence. And she hoped that all would be different when Martin came home. However, one evening (as it happened it was the day before Mr. Hesketh's return) Constance coming into the schoolroom, observed Edith standing at the window looking out. The child wore a wistful, sad look, and stood with her little hands folded before her. She seemed to the mother to look paler than usual, Constance observed that she was growing tall and thin, and such a world of thoughtful wisdom in the face as she had never seen before. The fairy-like frailty and beauty hung about her form and features still. She hardly seemed a child of earth like other children, with her deep silent nature. Of what could she be thinking with that faraway look, gazing out towards the blue hills in the distance P Mrs. Hesketh took her seat at the other end of the room, and watched her for a few moments. Edith's cheeks began to flush now, and her hands twitched nervously. Then she left her post suddenly and was going out of the room when her mother called her, and the tones were kind and gentle: " Edith, come here." And as the child obeyed with half timid, half wonder ing gladness, Constance put her arm around her and drew her to her side. " Tedl me, Edith, what were you thinking of just now. Do not be afraid. I am not angry with you." For Edith was shaking like a leaf. " I was looking at the blue hills, dear mamma, and thinking of papa, and and of you, and I wanted " Here she paused again and changed color. " Yes ? You wanted what—to go away to the blue hills ? I suppose to go faraway with papa for a holiday when he comes home. Was it so ?" Edith shook her head, and went on speaking. " I do not want to go away from home any more—not now. I wanted you to care about me, mamma ; I wanted you not to be angry with me. I look at those hills far away, and they touch the sky, and there is heaven and God, and my other Mother. The hilla are like the walls, I think—and the gateway—and when I die the gates will open in the mountains and I shall go through. That is all 1 was think ing about, mamma., and 1 want you to for give me for anything I have done wrong— I did not mean it, but I have made you sad and angry so many times. I could not help it, dear mamma." Constance for reply drew the child closer to her side and kissed her forehead, and heavy teardropB fell fromhereyes on Edith's cheeks. "It is I who need forgiveness," she murmured to herself. "Edith! Edith 1" she said aloud, " I am never going to be angry with you again, dear, and you shall be my own dear little girl always now. Will you try to love me a little ?" Edith uttered a low cry of joy, and throwing herself passionately on her mother's bosom sobbed as if her heart would break. Their tears fell together. "Oh, my mother, my own dear mother. I dp not love you a little, but very, very much. Oh, I am glad. I am so happy now. Yet papa told me." "Told you what, dearest ?" "That you did care for me, mamma; that mothers always love their little girls, though they do not always show it, he said. Oh, it was long ago, before Eddie went to school." . " I have been very unhappy, Edith, and I have had troubles which you could not understand. I have been harsh to you from mistaken motives.. How we under stand each other better—we will comfort one another. Thank God, I have not lost your love. Hush, Edith, do not sob like that. Will you go and rest in your own little room and I will come again and say good-night ?" For she feared Test the child would suffer from her. emotion, but Edith only clung closer to her. "No; let me stay,with you, mamma. I will not cry any more." And she hurriedly dried her tears and choked down the sobs. Constance took her on her knee,'nhd held her in her arms with the child's head lean ing against her breast till the room grew dark, and the tired, happy child had fallen into a peaceful slumber. When Louisa, the maid, came to putEdithto bed,. Mrs. Hes keth only saidj'^"! wilT atfahd to Miss Edith to-night; Lotuss," and the maid with drew wondering at the Bight Bhe hod seen. Long, long' the. poor mother held her treasure as though to lose her from her armB were to lose her for ever. '.There was a foreboding of impending eril over .the mother's spirit, and her child whs a refuge of distress froih the namelessfears of the future. Later on whCn Edifchwas inbed and Constance was bidding her a last good night, the- little girl hut Up her hatiaahd Stroked her motherYcheek, saying : " Eqor -miimhh.*' It- was-'*' triffiiuj;incident iit ' ldjok: and, touch ' a'nd treaWredit among, her dearest recollections in days when she sorely needed pity. "Well, wonders will never cease. To think of misBus being kind to the poor dear after all!" wan Louisa's remark to her fellow-servant, a successor to Mary Ann Moffat, who. had received her dismissal after the "night of storms." " I don't know how she could ever help being kind to little Edith," said the other. " Such a sweet, affectionate little thing I never met, and so pretty. Do you know, Louisa, I do not think that that child is long for this world P She is too good and fair for it, and she is fading away, I believe." " Tou will see she will soon be well and strong when her father comes home again," returned Louisa. " He is mad fond of her, and she of him. Oh, no; do not say that she will die, Jane. I couldn't bear the thoughts of losing her. She is the sun shine of the house." "Well, let us hope for the best," said the more experienced Jane. (To be continued.) 