A Ghost Story. For some weeks past, it appears, the village of Durweston, near Blandford, Dorset, has been the scene of much excitement, in conse quence of the supposition that one of its cottages is haunted. The cottage is .owned by Viscount Portman, and until recently has been occupied by a widow named Best and three little girls. More than a month since Mrs. Best became puzzled by faint knocking and scratching m various parts ot the house,' and as the days passed there was a repetition of these strange noises, which gradually in creased in sound until they could be heard by the next door neighbour, ? a keeper named Newman. The visitations continued day after day, and the knocking and tapping and scraping the walls came more frequently. The woman became distracted, and with the three girls sought a refuge in her neighbour's house. On Thursday evening last week the strangest occurrence happened. It seems that the woman had taken to answering the knocks of late, and had asked the ' agency' to knock a certain number of timos if 'it' de sired to write something on a slate. The number of knocks stated were given, and it was arranged that a slate, with pencil, should be placed on the bedroom window. The rector and the schoolmaster were present at this time. Mrs. Best and the children went to bed, and the knocking immediately com menced. No writing, however, at first appeared on the slate, and the question was asked if it was necessary for those in the room (the rector and the schoolmaster) to leave ; if so, so many knocks were to be given. The stated number of knocks were given, and it was then agreed that the rector should remain on top of the staircase, provided with a light, and the bedroom door was left open. In the rector's own words, he heard scribbling on the slate immediately follow, and the pencil was dropped after giving four taps. He rushed into the room, and found Mrs. Best and the children still in bed, and not a' sign that they had moved. ^ On going to the slate ho saw distinctly- written, in rather better than a . . schoolboy's handwriting, the words '-Mony,' 'Garden,' and above the former and below, the latter were two naughts. Further questions to the ' agency' elicited the information that the ' niony' was six yards from tho house, and six feet deep in the ground. Tho rector told a reporter that he was prepared to take an oath that no one in tho house wrote the words. It may be added that the indication of ' mony' being | in the garden has not resulted in a search. 