WOMAN'S WORLD. [BY BUTTERFLT.] TO CORRESPONDENTS. EUNICE, Evandale.-1. To bottle green gooseberries-Gathersome gooseberries on a dry morning the day on which they are to be used. They should be fully formed, but quits hard. Take off the tops and stalks without bruising the skins, and reject any that are not quite sound and whole. Put them into dry wide-necked bottles, and place these up to the necks in a sauce pan of cold water. It is well to twist a little hay or straw round each bottle to prevent them touching each other and being broken. Bring the contents of the saucepan slowly to a boil, and then lift it from the fire, and let the bottles remain in it until the gooseber. ries are sufficiently scalded. In order to ascertain when this is the case look at one of the bottles, and when the fruit has risen from the bottom it is done enough. Pour boiling water on the fruit. Cork and seal seourely. Place them on their sides in a ccol. dry place, and before using pour off the greater part of the water. 2. Budding is performed when the plants from which the buds are taken and the stocks are in a state of active growth. It is chiefly used for increasing stone fruits, the orange and the rose; though nearly all plants may be budded that can be propogated by grafting. The way to perform the operation can be more easily learned from a single practical lesson than from the most elaborate description. Buls will " take" on shoots of two or three years' growth, but those of the current year are best. It should only be attempted when the stock abounds in sap, so that the bark "runs" freely. The stork is first cleared of shoots and prickles that may be in the way ; then the shoot containing the buds, which must be fully formed, is taken in the left hand; the blades of the leaves cut off, leaving the stalks ; then the bud is cut out by introducing a very sharp knife, either above or below the bud, though the cleanest cut is made from above, about half an inch from the bud, and pawed down. wards to an inch below it, taking off a thin sbield.like piece, which may be inserted in the stock in that condition, though profees'onal budders generally take out the small pie3e of wood that was out out with the bark; this is the most difficult part of the opcration to perform property, as there is danger of snapping out the centre of the bud itself, which would render it useless; the bud being held, cut upwards, by its upper end bctween the thumb and forefinger of the left hand; the piece of wood being gently raised from the bark is caught by the right thumbnail and sharply wrenched out. The bud is then held between the lips till the stock is prepared; the proper position on the shoot to be budded is as near the base as possible, and imme diately below a leaf; an incision is made across the shoot, through the bark, and from that another is made downwards, an inch or more in length, the edges of the bark are gently raised by the point or sharp baft of the knife, the lower end of the shield slipped into the opening, and gently pressed down by the remains of the leaf-stalk to the bottom of the cut; the top of the'shield is then out off oven with the crosscut, and the whole bound round with a ligature of bash, worsted, or candle wick cotton. When from the swelling of the shoot it begins to be compressed by the tie, that must be loosened, and in a week or two at erwards finally removed. It is not desirable that, in the case of fruit trees, the buds should start into growth before the following season, but roses, and similar things, may be allowed to produce shoots the same season; therefore, when it is seen that the bud has started into growth, the stock may be headed back, and the young shoot encouraged by soaking the ground with water in dry weather. 8\. Have had no experience wiih such birds, should fancy fresh meat chopped very small in moderate quantities the best food. Water in moderation would hardly hurt them. MoNA (Sheffield).-As your hair has a ten dency to become rough, dry, and brittle, and to split at the ends, the occasional use of a little nut or olive oil will be of service. The oil should be we'l rubbed into the scalp with the fingers, and not merely brushed over the surface of the hair itself. MATRoN (Beaconsfield).-A child should never be allowed to be frightened, for it may lead to fits, or the child may grow up timid and wavering. Nurses should nover tell him a tale of goblins or ghosts, or the little fellow will wake in the nights, having dreamt he has seen a ghcst or some object that the silly nurse has beeu describing to him the day previcusly. E.N, (Huon).-When a child burns him self the air should at oncebe excluded. Make a pasts with common kitchen whiting, p'ace this on the burn, and renew as it dries. Another methcd is to lay over the burn ve-t rags, or copiously dust the part with flour. M.-Many people preserve eggs by smear ing them over wt;h butter and then packing closely in a itt. The fo'lowing is said to be a good method :-To four gallons of boiling water add half a peck of new lime, stirring it some little time. When cId remove any hard lumps by a coarse sieve, add lOoz of salt and 30s cream of tartar, and mix the whole thoroughly. The mix ture is then to ba leo stand tb) temper for a fortnight before uce. The eggs are to be packed as closely as p:s sible, and to be closely covered up. Thus trea'e3, if put in when newly laid, at nine months after they will eat quite as good as though laid only six days before, thcugh of course not quite likd noew laid. 