THE SECOND NATIONAL SYNOD OF AUSTRALIA. PUBLIC SESSION AT ST. MARY'S. OPENING ADDRESS BY BISHOP GALLAGHER. The prelates and priests summoned to the second National Synod of Australia held the first private Congregations at St. Patrick's College, Manly, on Saturday afternoon. The Bishop's first met at 3.30, with the Cardinal- Archbishop presiding. At this meeting the officials of the Synod were appointed, and the decrees of their appointment were duly signed ; also the committees were elected, the order of procedure and the rule of life during the Synod were sanctioned, and the usual formal decrees were ordered. There was a general Congregation with all the members of the Synod present at 5 o'clock. CONSTITUTION OF THE COUNCIL. PROVINCE OF SYDNEY.—The Most Eminent and Most Rev. Patrick Francis Cardinal Moran, Arch- bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan, etc., consecrated Bishop of Olba, and coadjutor to the Bishop of Ossory, 5th March, 1872 ; succeeded to the See of Ossory, 18th August, 187 ; translated to the Archi- episcopal See of Sydney, 21st March, 1884 ; created Cardinal Priest of the Holy Roman Church, of the title of St. Susanna, on the 27th July, 1885. Right Rev. James Murray, D.D., Bishop of Mait- land, consecrated 14th November, 1865. Right Rev. William Lanigan, D.D., Bishop of Goulburn, consecrated 9th June. 1867. Right Rev. Elzear Torreggiani, D.D., O.S.F.C., Bishop of Armidale, consecrated 25th March, 1879. Right Rev. Joseph Patrick Byrne, D.D., Bishop of Bathurst, consecrated 9th August. 1885. Right Rev. John Dunne, D.D., Bishop of Wil- cannia, consecrated 14th August, 1887. Right Rev. Jeremiah J. Doyle, Bishop of Graf- ton, consecrated 28th August, 1887. Right Rev. Joseph Higgins, D.D., Titular Bishop of Antifelle, Bishop- Auxiliary to Cardinal Moran, consecrated 3lst March, 1889. Right Rev. John Gallagher, D.D., Coadjutor of Goulburn, consecrated July 8, 1895. Province of Melbourne. — The Most Rev. Thomas Joseph Carr, D.D., Archbishop of Mel- bourne, Metropolitan, consecrated Bishop of Galway, Ireland, 26th August, 1883 ; appointed to Mel- bourne 29th September, 1886. Right Rev. Martin Crane, D.D., O.S.A., Bishop of Sandhurst, consecrated 21st September, 1874. Right Rev. James Moore, D.D., Bishop of Balla- rat, consecrated 27th April, 1884. Right Rev. James Francis Corbett, D.D., Bishop of Sale, consecrated, 25th August, 1887. Right Rev. Stephen Reville, D.D., O.S.A., Titu- lar Bishop of Ceramis and Coadjutor of Sandhurst, consecrated Palm Sunday, 1885. Province of Tasmania — The Most Rev. Daniel Murphy, D.D., Archbishop of Hobart, consecrated 11th October, 1846. Right Rev. Patrick Delaney, D.D., Titular Bishop of Laranda, Coadjutor of Hobart, consecrated 10th December, 1893. Province of Adelaide.— The Most Rev. John O'Reily, D.D., consecrated Bishop of Port Augusta 1st May, 1888; translated to the Archiepiscopal See of Adelaide, 1895. Right Rev. Rudesindo Salvado, D.D., O.S.B., Titular Bishop of Adrana, Abbot Nullius of New Norcia, consecrated 15th August, 1849. Right Rev. Matthew Gibney, D.D., Bishop of Perth, consecrated 23rd January, 1887. Very Rev. Anthony Strele, S. J., Administrator of Port Victoria and Palmerston. Province of Brisbane.— The Most Rev. Robert Dunne, D.D., Archbishop of Brisbane, Metropoli- tan, consecrated 18th June, 1882. Right Rev. John Cani, .D.D., Bishop of Rock- hampton, consecrated 21st May, 1882. Right Rev. John Hutchinson, D.D., O.S.A., Titular Bishop of Maximianopolis, and Vicar Apostolic of Cooktown, consecrated 28th August. 1887. All the prelates and dignitaries except the Vener- able Bishop of Sandhurst, Dr. Crane, were present. Theologians and Delegate Priests. — The fol- lowing are the representatives elected by the clergy: —Diocese of Sydney, Right Rev. Monsignor O Brien, Rector of St. John's College ; Diocese of Armidale, Very Rev. Dean O'Connor ; Diocese of Bathurst, Very Rev. Dean O'Donovan ; Diocese of Goulburn, Very Rev. M. Slattery ; Diocese of Maitland, Very Rev. P. Corcoran ; Diocese of Grafton, Very Rev. P. Doyle. Archdiocese of Melbourne, Very Rev. James O'Connell Diocese of Ballarat, Very Rev. M. Shanahan ; Diocese of Sale, Very Rev. M. Verlin; Diocese of Sandhurst, Very Rev. Dr. Slyvester Barry. Archdiocese of Adelaide, Very Rev. William T. O'Neill ; Diocese of Perth, Very Rev. Dr.Bourke, V.G. ; Diocese of Port Augusta, Very Rev.. John H. Norton. Archdiocese of Brisbane, Very Rev. John O'Reilly; Diocese of Rockhampton, Very Rev. William M. Walsh. Archdiocese of Hobart : Very Rev. P. Hennebery. Bishops' Theologians. — The Very Rev. Dr. Car- roll, V.G., and the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J., Rector of St. Ignatius' College, Riverview (to the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney) ; Very Rev. James Byrne, C.M., St. Stanislaus' College, (to the Bishop of Bathurst) ; Very Rev. James Kennedy (to the Bishop of Goulburn), Very. Rev. Dean O'Keeffe (to the Coadjutor-Bishop of Goul- burn), Very Rev. C. O'Connell, S.J., St. Ignatius' College, Sydney (to the Bishop of Grafton), the Very Rev. P. Hand, V.G. (to the Bishop of Mait- land) ; Very Rev. Dr. Treacey, V.G. (to the Bishop of Wilcannia) ; Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna (to the Archbishop of Melbourne), Monsignor O'Dowd (to the Bishop of Ballarat), Very Rev. Eugene Davey (to the Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst), Very Rev. Dean Beechinor (to the Archbishop of Hobart), Very Rev. John O'Mahony (to the Coadjutor- Bishop of Hobart), Very Rev. P. LeRennetel, S.M., Sydney (to the Archbishop of Adelaide) ; Very Rev. P. Gibney (to the Bishop of Perth), Very Rev. H, Brady (to the Bishop of New Norcia, W. A.), Very Rev. T. O'Farrell, Superior of the Redemptorists, Ballarat (to the Vicar- Apostolic of Cooktown). Heads of Religious Orders. — Very Rev. A Aubrey, Superior of the Marists ; Very Rev. T Kenny, Superior of the Jesuits; Very Rev. P. B, Kennedy, Superior of the Franciscans ; Very Rev. Peter Treand, Superior of, the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart ; Very Rev. Vincent Grogan, Superior of the Passionists ; Very Rev. William Plunkett, the Redemptorists,; Very Rev. Prior Kelly, the Carmelites; Very Rev. M. Maher, Superior of the Vincentians. Officers of the Council.— The officers of the council are :— Court of Reference, the Bishops of Ballarat, Bathurst, and Cooktown ; the Promotor Synodi; the Bishop of Maitland ; the secretary, the Coadjutor-Bishop of Hobart ; assistant. Secretaries, the Very Rev. Archpriest Sheehy (Sydney). and Archdeacon Russell (Adelaide); chancellor, Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran ; prothonotary, Right Rev. Mon- signor Higney ; masters of ceremonies, Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, Very Rev. P. V. Dwyer, and Rev. H. M'Dermott ; the aeconoaeni synodalis, the Bishop of Sale and the Very Rev. Monsignor Verdon (Rector of St. Patrick's, Manly) ; the cubicularies synodalis, the Rev. Professor Hayden (St. Patrick's College, Manly), AT ST. MARY'S. The prelates and other members of the Synod were conveyed from Manly to the city by special steamer on Sunday morning. By 10 o'clock all were assembled at St. Mary's. All the rooms were thrown open for the necessary robing, the prelates using the Cardinal's apartments on the first floor. About half -past 10 the, masters of the ceremonies announced to the Cardinal that everyone was in readiness. THE PROCESSION. The Cardinal, as President, blessed the incense in the thurible, and while all the others knelt intoned the first verse of the hymn 'Veni Creator Spiritus,' and then knelt till the conclusion of the first strophe. The procession then moved forward in the following order : — Two Manly ecclesiastical students as acolytes, and the Very Rev. P. B.Kennedy, O.S.F., carrying the cross of the regular clergy of the diocese. The processional cross of the church borne by a subdeacon. vested without maniple, followed by the clergy of all orders, all dressed in surplice, soutane, and cap. The assistant secretaries of the Council followed. The President's Cross borne by a sub-deacon in vestments between acolyte's. Dignitaries of the second order of clergy. Promoters of the Council, Procurators of absent prelates, Provincials of religious orders, with red copes. Bishops, in the order of promotion, wearing red copes, and plain cloth of gold mitres, attended by chaplains and mitre-bearers. President's crosier -bearer in red cope. The President Vested in amice, alb, cincture, pec- toral cross, stole, red cope and rich mitre, between the assistants in vestments and followed by his own personal attendants. The prelates and dignitaries walked in the fol- lowing order :— Bishop Delany and Bishop Gallagher. Bishop Reville and Bishop Higgins. Bishop Dunne and Bishop Doyle. Bishop Hutchinson and Bishop Byrne. Bishop Moore and Bishop Gibney. Bishop Cani and Bishop Torreggiani. Bishop Murray and Bishop Lanigan. Archbishop O'Reily and Bishop Salvado. Archbishop Murphy and Archbishop Dunne. Archbishop Carr. Monsignor Rigney and Monsignor O'Brien. Archpriest Sheehy and Archdeacon Russell. His Eminence the Cardinal, attended by the Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel and the Very Rev . Dean Beechinor. The Papal Knights walked at the rear of the procession. The procession moved 'with stately step and slow' through the presbytery prounds, up the avenue leading to College-street, and then passing along the street, entered the Cathedral by the prin- cipal western door. No one was allowed in the presbytery grounds, but over 2000 people wit- nessed the procession in College-street. The road- way was blocked, and the portion of Hyde Park facing St. Mary's was filled with respectful spec- tators. IN THE CATHEDRAL. The public ceremonies were announced to com- mence at a quarter to eleven, but as early as half past nine it was a matter of difficulty to get a seat. When the ecclesiastical pageant entered the congre- gation could not have numbered less than 4000. Mr. J. A. Delany, the conductor of the choir, had been anxiously waiting from his point of vantage the appearance of the first processional cross. Imme- diately the head of the procession passed from the bright sunshine of a beautiful November morning into the softer light of the cathedral, the chorus, organ, and orchestra burst forth in the 'Ecce Sacerdos Magnus.' His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, the celebrant of the Pontifical High Mass, at the same moment entered the cathedral through the sacristy door, attended by the ministers of the Mass, Rev. W. Heydon and P. J. Walshe (deacon and sub-deacon), and Very Rev. D. Verlin, of the Diocese of Sale (assistant priest). The immense congregation rose with the music, and all remained standing till the priests and prelates had taken their places, according to dignity, on the sanctuary. A more imposing spectacle has never been witnessed in the history of St. Mary's, rich as it is in its records of splendid ceremonies. During the Plenary Council of 1885 the pillars of the sanctuary were gorgeously draped with scarlet and yellow. On Sunday the decorations were less elaborate, but artistically more striking. The Gothic columns, noble in their ' rude and com- manding massiveness,' were on this occasion ' un- profaned by the touch' of the modern decorator, and were free from the trappings of lace and embroideries. So, too, the snow-white high altar and reredos, with their chaste and delicate carvings, were allowed to form just the proper contrast to the magnificence of the great northern window — '"Diamonded with panes of quaint device, Innumberable of stains and splendid dyes, As are the tiger moth's deep damask wings ; With thousand sacred heraldries, And radiant saints and dim emblazonings." There were, however, many beautiful flowers judi- ciously used in the general adornment of the sanc- tuary, and the steps and sides were made most picturesque by the tall white lilies ; and the palms and ferns of freshest green most tastefully ar- ranged by the ladies of the altar society. Among the clerics present, other than those men- tioned in the list of Council representatives, were the Very Dean Healy, P.P. (Balmain East), the Very Rev. Father Merg, M.S.H. (Randwick), Rev. T. O'Reilly, P,P, (Parramatta), the Very Rev, P. Slattery,- O.S.F., Very Rev. Dean Slattery, P.P. (Newtown), Rev. M. P. Malone, Rev. Father Hyland, Rev. Father Dowling, Rev. Father O'Brien, Rev. Father Kerwick, Rev. Father Patrick, C.P., the Very Rev. A. Sturzo, S. J., Rev. Father Brennan, S.J., Very Rev. Father Muraire, S.M., Rev. J. P. Moynagh (P.P. Balmain West), Rev. J. Collins (P.P. Mount Carmel), Rev. James Whyte (St. Benedict's), Rev. T. Long (Lewisham), Rev. P. M'Intyre, Rev. Father M'Grath, S.J., Rev. C. Conway, and Fathers J. Carroll (Administrator), B. Carey, and T. Phelan, of the Cathedral staff, The Papal Knights occupying places within the sanctuary were Marquess Jennings wearing his decorations as Commendatore of St. Gregory the Great, Knight of the Grand Cross of Pius and the Star of Commander of SS. Michael and George; the Hon, John Hughes, K.S.G., M.L.C. ; the Hon, T. Dalton, E.C.S.G., M.L.C. ; Dr. John Donovan, K.C.S.G., Q.C. ; and T. M. Slattery, K.C.S.G. The Hon. John Toohey, K.C.S.G., M.L.C, the other Papal Knight, had on the previous day at- ended the obsequies of his brother, the late James Toohey, and his absence from the Cathedral festival was easily accounted for. Among prominent Catholics occupying places in the front benches were Sir William Patrick Manning, K.C.S.G., ex- Mayor of Sydney ; the Hon. Daniel O'Connor, M.L.C. ; and Mr. Carroll, M.P. The ceremonies were conducted by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (Private Secretary to the Car- dinal), the Very Rev. P. V. Dwyer (President of the Sacred Heart College, West Maitland), and the Rev. Reginald Bridge (St. Patrick's College, Manly). BISHOP GALLAGHER'S DISCOURSE " ON COUNCILS. " "And Jesus coming spoke to them saying :— All power is given to me in Heaven and one earth ; going therefore teach ye all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold I am with you all days even to the con- summation of the world.' (Matthew xviii. 18-19, sic.) Most Eminent Cardinal-Archbishop, Venerable Fathers, Beloved Brethren of the clergy and of the laity,— For the second time inside ten years the Episcopate of Australia are assembled together in Plenary Council in this Mother Church of the Metropolitan City of this Southern World, At the desire of our illustrious Pontiff, Leo XIII., under the presidency of you, Most Eminent Apostolic Delegate, they have come together to draw up those decrees and to devise those means, which, after mature deliberation, their united wisdom and experience, assisted by the Holy Ghost, deem most suited for the true progress our great country — the preservation and diffusion of faith, the improve- ment of morals, the interests of religion, the greater glory of God, the salvation of immortal souls. THE PRIESTHOOD FOUNDED BY OUR LORD. When Our Divine Lord instituted the Christian priesthood to be the Light of the world and, the salt of the earth, to go forth and instruct the nations, He furnished it with those aids and appliances which, amid the incessant variations of Human thought and restless wanderings of the human mind, were most fitted to assure the success of its ministry. Not only did He place at its head a supreme pastor in the person of St. Peter and constitute him the rock on which he was to build His Church, and give him power to bind and loose the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, the care of His whole flock, both pastors and people : not only did He invest His episcopate — successors of the other apostles — with power to instruct and govern different por- tions of the universal Church, " to take heed to themselves and to the whole flock wherein the Holy Ghost placed them bishops, to rule the Church of God which He purchased with His blood," but He wished that, as circumstances demanded, these pastors should come together to deliberate on the interests of the Universal Church or on the require- ments and needs of a country, a province, or a diocese. THE OBJECT OF COUNCILS. Hence those august assemblies in every age and in every Christian land — from that first Council of Jerusalem, which, with St. Peter at its head, buried the Synagogue with honour, to that of the Vatican which, under the presidency of St. Peter's suc- cessor, defined the existence of God and the infalli- bility of the Pope — those venerable synods whose aim has ever been to maintain revealed truth, to condemn heresy, to uphold uniformity and sanctity of discipline, to relieve the poor, to battle for the oppressed, to advance the cause of science and of knowledge, to elevate mankind. Of these councils there are four principal classes. A general or ecumenical council is that which, convoked, pre- sided over, and approved by the Supreme Pontiff, possesses that authority of rule and infallibility of teaching with which Our Lord invested the Uni- versal Church. They were not indeed regarded as necessary, for the hierarchy which He founded, composed of bishops, priests, and subordinate ministers, re-echoing the voice of St. Peter's suc- cessor, was fully competent, through its ordinary action, and general influence, and governing power, to settle all controversies and stay and suppress all abuses which might arise, whether from hu- man frailty or the malice of wicked men lying in wait to deceive. But in view of the perverse, the refractory, the rebellious ; for the wavering, the doubting, the imperfect ; the authoritative decision of the chief pastors thus assembled in General Council had a salutary and controlling influence. What was thus decided by many, after mutual counsel, was deemed conclusive. ' He who hears you, hears me ;' ' He that will not hear the Church, let him be as the heathen and the publican.' Their number — nineteen — corresponds with the centuries of the Christian era. When a Bishop, surrounded by his clergy and aided by their consultative voice, publishes the decrees of a Pro- vincial or Plenary Synod, and proclaims those laws and statutes which seem most conducive to the moral and spiritual interests of the clergy and laity entrusted to his care, it is called a Diocesan Synod or Council. And these, the canons say, should be held every year. THEIR SPECIAL USES. The Suffragan Bishops duly assembled under the presidency of their Metropolitan for the correction of abuses ; the settling of controversies ; the adjust- ing of ecclesiastical discipline by prudent applica- tion of the Church's Common Law, to special circumstances of time and place, constitute a Pro- vincial Council. In fine, when all the Archbishops and Bishops of a country or nation, or people bound together by sameness of language, of customs, insti- tutions, and laws, meet under a Delegate especially appointed by the Holy See, having in view to trans- mit sound doctrine ; to keep intact and pure in their dioceses the deposit of Faith ; to increase the honour of Divine Worship ; to fortify the order and discipline of the clergy ; to promote and strengthen everywhere by a happy progress holiness of morals, mutual charity, virtue, religion, and piety — we have a Plenary or National Synod. Such is the assembly in whose first public session we are privi- eged to take a part to- day. THEIR HISTORY. The history of these Councils is the history of the Christian Faith— of the triumph of religious liberty over despotism, of truth over error; of Catholic civiliziation over the corruptions of the Pagan, and over the barbarism and brutal force of the mediaeval world. For example, hardly had peace, after three centuries of persecution, been given to the Church by the conversion of the Imperial Family, when Arius strove to sever her unity of Faith by denying the Divinity of Our Lord. The council of Nicea, convoked by and presided over by a delegate of the holy Pontiff, Sylvester I., helped by the protection and honoured by the presence of the great Emperor Constantine, composed in large part of those prelates 'whose scars' — to use the words of La Bruyer' — ' left upon them by the vio- lence of persecution, added a new right to sit in the first great Council of the Universal Church,' pro- claimed the great central dogma of the Christian faith, the divinity of Our Lord, provided for the new wants and further development of the Church made free, and elevated the Cross — that sacred sym- bol of our Redeemer's love — above the Eagles of the Capitol. Holy Church, triumphant over the first Great effort of heresy and rationalism, marched on amid many defeats and splendid victories, in her glorious course of enlightenment, of beneficence, of civilization, of progress. Another century passed away. Another formidable heresy arose. Nestorius denied the divine Maternity of Our Lady ; asserted that Mary was not Mother of God — Oeotokos — and like the heresiarchs of every age carped at the honour and devotion which up till that time had been paid her by the faithful. To condemn this heresy, the Council of Ephesus was convened, and an august assembly assuredly it was — suffice it to say the one personality in Our Saviour, the divine Maternity of His Virgin Mother, was proclaimed an article of faith. The prayer ' Hail Mary,' used probably by the faithful from the hour of her As- sumption, was authorized to be added daily to that which Our Lord Himself had taught. And, in a word, the love and reverence and devotion of Chris- ians to Mary Mother of God, to Mary the Immaeu- late One, to Mary our tainted nature's solitary boast, was placed on a firm and lasting pedestal, from which not all the malice of heresy, not all the efforts of the devil and the world have for fifteen hundred years been able to displace it. Councils — the very word is blended with the first glories of the Christian name— while binding us more closely to the centre of unity, they are at the same time the surest bulwark against bureaucracy and centralization, an element and a guarantee of liberty and of nationality to the Catholic world. In them no mere personal influence can finally prevail. Theories and parti-pris must submit to examination and control. Calculations and diplomacy are baffled. But the assistance promised by Jesus Christ to His Apostles always issues in the triumph of tradition, of law, of sound doctrine, of obedience, and of faith. THEIR WORLD-WIDE INFLUENCE. What country in the world, again, that has not some city made immortal by the holding of a council ? What region in the earth that is not blessed with the results of their learned and pious labours? What University that does not owe to them some foundation of theology, of philosophy, of science, some Greek or Hebrew chair ? What disease of the body, politic or social, for which a remedy has not been found by some council of Holy Church ? The councils of Northern Africa in conjunction with the great Plenary Synod of Allies cleared Africa of schism and heresy, repelled, if they did not suppress, the sects of Donatists of Pelagians, of Manichaeans, and restored its ancient and flourishing Sees to vigorous life, to a healthy condition of discipline and of morals. From the Council of Clermont, in the very middle of the dark ages, sprang that great movement of heroism directed by faith, which stemmed the tide o£ Moslem conquest and ultimately saved Europe from the despotism and stagnation and sensuality of the East. The Councils of Lyons, of Chalons, and especially of Toledo in Spain, gave its death-blow to slavery, provided for the ransom of the prisoner and the wants of the poor, battled successfully with the barbarism and heresies of the Goths and Visigoths, laid the foundations of a holy Christian civilization on the ruins of the old pagan institutions, and furnished their model of procedure and principles of liberty to the first deliberative and constitutional assemblies of the Western nations. The Council of Trent flows into the daily life of indivi- duals and of people not merely by the fulness and accuracy of its doctrinal decrees, but by the revival of studies, the establishment of seminaries, the renovation of discipline, the in- crease and fervour of religious orders and insti- tutes of piety, the grand missionary spirit which, springing from its bosom, still carries the evange- lizers of peace with the glad tidings of Salvation to the limits of the world. And, in short — not to mul- tiply examples— even in our own times, the great Plenary Councils of Baltimore in America, by the number, learning, piety, unanimity, and wisdom of their Bishops, by their prudent adaptation of the Common Law of the Church to all requirements of the highest civilization which the world has seen, raise up the wondrous Church of their country to be the chief glory of Catholicism in the nineteenth century, while they fill the breasts of us their younger brethren of Australia with mingled feel- ings of affection, of admiration, and despair. ' Oh that this method of holding Synods '—exclaims St. Charles Borromeo, echoing the words of the Illustrious Pontiff Urban V., ' as practised by those most holy men and delivered to posterity for the saving of the Church— oh, that it had been as constantly retained and as piously followed to the present time ! What a grief to reflect that in pro- portion as the prelates grew remiss and these Synods ceased to be upheld, vices pushed forth apace, in- devotion spread among the people, the aforesaid liberty was lessened, and Divine worship was neglected. THEIR NECESSITY. How long had Councils ceased to be held in Ger- many, when, the new teachers, taking advantage of the relaxation of discipline and decay of faith, car- ried off one-half of its people into a negation of the supernatural and revolt and schism ? In England civil discord and the calamities of the times preven- ted the convocation of their ancient Councils Faith was weakened ; piety grew cold ; discipline was relaxed ; no organized and effective resistance could be presented to that legion of errors which, brought from abroad under the guidance of despotic rulers, invaded the land ; and then that severance from the centre of unity, which all good men so sincerely deplore. In France again, the throne, jealous of the dange- rous proximity of freedom, as developed in those illustrious Councils which, during the Catholic ages, made France the chief instrument in accom- plishing the designs of God (Gesta Dei per Frances), forbade their canonical assembling for a century and a half. But Liberty at the great Revolution — Liberty, in spite of all the crimes committed in Thy name, I love Thee still— revenged herself for the out- rage by the total and final extinction, not of reli- gion, but of the monarchy — not of the altar, but of the Throne. In later days wiser counsels prevailed with her statesmen. Synods were allowed to be held, and soon the eldest daughter of the Church, freed from her fetters, comes forth in all the vigour and beauty of her pristine loveliness, grasps her ancient sceptre — to rule, to instruct, to bless Her own people restored to God ; to send out her mis- sionaries as of old for the enlightenment and salva- tion of the pagan world. Such, my dear brethren, are some of the historical associations suggested by this great synod whose first public session we hold to-day. AN AUSTRALIAN LESSON IN FAITH AND UNITY. This morning you have seen our Holy Mother in something of Her external splendour coming forth like " the king's daughter in golden vesture sur- rounded with variety." You have heard the rust- ling of her variegated garments, as Her prelates passed in gorgeous procession. You have heard the glorious music that almost shook those massive walls and wafted to the Throne of God the profes- sion of faith of the young Chureh of Australia that '' Credo in unam Sanctum Catholicum et Apostoli- cam Ecclesiam' which for fifteen centuries, from the Council of Nicea to this second Council of Sydney, has in the grand old Latin tongue ex- pressed the unchanging faith of her children. Bishops, venerable for their years, their learning, their piety, their great good works so nobly done, from Derwent in the South to Carpentaria in the North, from our Indian to our Pacific shore, are here, not merely to contribute their matured experi- ence, but themselves, of different schools of thought and nations and tongues, to illustrate the unity in variety of our Holy Faith. Aiding them with advice are theologians, skilled in sacred science and conversant through much practice with its bearing on all the burning questions of the age ; and priests bronzed with the heat and bent with the labours of the day, whom, their fellow-workers have chosen to represent them in this great ecclesiastical senate of the Southern world. OLD ORDERS IN A NEW LAND. Hardly an Order in the Church that is not with us to-day. St. Benedict is still here to remind us of the long centuries during which he taught, and worked, and prayed — made the barren places of mind and soil to blossom as the rose. The sons of Mount Carmel and of St. Augustine, heirs of an illustrious past, are here to still witness for an un- believing age the immortal glories of sacrifice, and penitence, and prayer. St. Ignatius is here also, sidere mutato mens eadem, rivalling in this new world the achievements of the old, in zeal, in learn- ing, in science, in power, with his triumphant heel on the neck of his writhing foe, but that the meek and gentle St. Paul, so tender of heart with his Sister of Charity, and M. Olier, is by his side to remind him of the weakness and the wants of man — to speak only of mercy and of love. St. Liguori is amongst us to warn us that in works of God's glory and for the salvation of souls we should never allow one moment to be lost ; St. Francis, to prove by word and deed that now, as in the middle ages, holy poverty is the nearest and safest passage to the affections of the people — that those wounds, which he in estatic vision saw were for men — for the great masses of the suffering sad humanity, and not for the chosen few ; that, in a word, amongst the breakers of the 19th century, as in the stormy ocean of the 13th, the Rock of Ages is the hearts of the poor. Here, too, is St. Paul of the Cross, to whom our Holy Father looks with affectionate regard as one of the chief instruments in that which all good men have so much at heart — the reunion under one head and one shepherd of the Anglo-Saxon world — while, in fine, the three youngest daughters of reli- gion, the Marists, the Oblates of Mary, and the Fathers of the Sacred Heart, all in the vigour and freshness of youth, rival each other in holy emula- tion for the affections of Australia, and for the empire, at least in the domain of Faith and of Christian civilization, of the islands of the ocean. ALL MARCHING UNDER ONE STANDARD. And all, whether of recent institution or tracing back their origin to the twilight of Christian his- tory — men of the age, striving to correct its mistakes but cheered by its hopes, marching in the very van of its progress, blessing its achievements of science, and its victories over the forces of nature, their feel- ings in touch with its noblest resolves and their hearts in thorough sympathy with its loftiest aspira- tions — no fossils they, no mummies taken from an Egyptian museum ; no ghosts of a vanished past brooding gloomily by the doors of sepulchres which will never be opened; but aglow with all the health- ful vigour of young life, with breasts heaving and panting for the fray, counting their hosts and well acquainted with the tactics of the enemy, yearning to enter the lists in every form of glorious but pacific struggle — as did their predecessors of every age — for truth, for virtue, for justice, for religion, and for God. ' God wills it' — the cry of the crusaders is theirs to-day, against every enemy that with ambitious aim would raise impious war against the throne and monarchy of God — that would out- rage the name or trample on the Cross of Jesus. And so you have seen the high company thus com- posed move on, amid the silent awe of reverent multitudes, under the protecting flag of our free and noble institutions — on into the holy place, and with august rites and sublime sacrifice inaugurate the great act which has brought us together. THIS COUNCIL OF OURS. The second Plenary Council of the young Church of Australasia. Our Bishops meet together to pro- mote those varied objects which are connected with the spiritual interests and more extended influence and usefulness of the Church. With politics as such they have nothing to do. With the strife's of factions and of parties they have no concern. Their kingdom is not of this world. They desire no temporal power — no secular station. They meddle not with Caesar nor with the things of Caesar. They obey him in his place, but they are independent of him. Their strength is in God, and their rule is over the souls of men. To inform the brute mass of our material civilisation with the soul— -the vivifying principle of faith and grace to fertilize the works of the hands of men with the dews of Heaven— to keep unbroken the mysterious golden chain that binds the hearts of men to the throne of the Eternal. This is their mission. For this they have been sent. Envoys of Him to whom all power hath been given in Heaven and in earth, they must grudge no sacrifice, spare no labours in accomplishing their mission of salvation and of truth. THE ONE GREAT OBJECT. With on heart, therefore, and one soul, they come together, intent on one great object, that of tend- ing the Vineyard— of beautifying the temple of God — of proclaiming His truth and holiness — of binding men together while here on earth in unity and peace, and saving their immortal souls in the king- dom beyond the grave. Absorbed by this one thought they will soar above the region of clouds and storms into the pure atmosphere of God, where there is no contention or controversy aroused by human passions; and there, enlightened by the Holy Ghost, seek only how greater glory may be given to God on high, and on earth greater peace and good-will for men. The special object of this second Plenary Council is to consolidate the work so well begun in our first Council of 1885, to secure the more more complete execution of its decrees, to promote uniformity and holiness of discipline by bringing variations (if such exist) back to the standard of general usage, to improve and extend our system of parochial schools, to confirm the faith and increase the fervour by quickening the zeal of our people, to infuse fresh sap and life into every branch and fibre of the Heavenly vine which our great predecessors planted in the generous soil of our beloved country. THE FUTURE OF THE FAITH IN AUSTRALIA. I, at least personally (for I, who am in every sense minimus Apostolorum, should not make myself the spokesman of my brethren), have no fear regarding the future progress of our holy faith in my adopted land, if only we, the human instruments of her power, are true to our high vocation. The Catholic Church is no stranger here. Here future empire was houselled for our holy faith on that Pentecost day when De Quiros, gallant son of chiva- rous Spain, regarding her receding moun- tains from afar, gave her that beautiful name of which her children are so greatly proud — ' Aus- tralia of the Holy Ghost.' The Sacrifice of the Mass was the first act of Christian worship offered to God from her primaeval forest. Her hymn ' Vexilla Regis prodeunt ' was the first through which the free air of Australia was moulded into harmony — the Holy Cross was the first standard of Western civization planted on her virgin soil. And while that glorious constellation — type of empire which Cor- stantine saw in the heavens — ' In hoc signo vinces' — which the hand of the Eternal has planted in our Southern skies, looks down upon a free and en- lightened people, never shall the Cross — symbol by pre-eminence of our Catholic Faith — the sacred emblem of a Redeemer's love, be trampled on or treated with scorn by any true son or daughter of Australia. They have faults, but these faults are balanced by splendid virtues. ' AUSTRALIAN CHARACTERISTICS. They are open to conviction ; they admire sacri- fice ; they appreciate the worth and dignity of genuine labour for God and souls as well as for secular things. With them, enthusiasm for noble causes is never lost. Though eager in the pursuit of wealth, though fond of pleasure, though full of the spirit of enterprise and physical energy, yet none more ready than Australians to admit that not by wealth, not by luxury, not by intellect nor highest development of material resources, but by the soul — And by the soul Only, the nations shall be great and free. Sure guidance for loving obedience seems to me to be the prime want of their nature. To visit the fatherless and widows in their tribulations ; and to keep oneself unspotted from this world, is the reli- gion clean and undefiled which makes most power- ful appeal to their hearts. In a word, they have splendid qualities of soul, which, enlightened by the teachings and sanctified by the graces, and lifted up to higher levels by the sublime motives and im- mortal hopes of religion, will soon make our Aus- tralian Church cope in holy emulation with the most illustrious hierarchies of the ancient world, and raise our federated commonwealth into a nation great even among the greatest that exist upon the earth. PRAY FOR US AND FOR OUR COUNTRY. I would ask you, then, my dear brethren, and through you all the faithful people entrusted to their care, to pray during the continuance of the Council for their prelates and pastors assembled to- gether in solemn Synod. Unless God guard the house they labour in vain who guard it. The light and strength bestowed upon the Pontiffs are for the good of the people, like those rains of Hermon which, saith the Psalmist, from the upper rooms of Heaven fall upon the mountain-tops that fertile harvests may adorn the valleys. We have all, both clergy and. laity, been redeemed by the same blood of Jesus Christ. We are all in the same bark of Peter, cheered by the hope of the same hea- venly inheritance, steering for the same eternal shore. As our spiritual and everlasting interests are the same, we should be actuated by the same zeal for the interests and advancement of religion. Pray therefore the Giver of every blessing and every perfect gift— the Father of Lights— that the Holy Ghost coming down as on the day of Pentecost may enlighten their understandings and strengthen their hearts — ' what in them is dark, illumine, what is low, raise and support,' that after mature delibera- tion they may decree what seems good to them and to the Holy Ghost ; and with prudence, fortitude, and zeal act out in their lives that which they have decreed. Pray for our great country, that the spirit of Wisdom and justice may direct her statesmen, that the laws framed by our Government may tend to the preservation of peace—the promotion of na- tional happiness, the increase of industry, sobriety, and useful knowledge, and perpetuate to us the blessings of equal liberty— that, in a word, by the just admixture of well-ordered freedom with firm authority, the greatest happiness of the greatest number may continue long to flourish under what has, I think, well been called, in spite of all its de- ficiencies, the best- balanced constitution that exists in the world. PRAY FOR OUR SEPARATED BRETHREN. Let us pray also, in the spirit of our illustrious Pontiff Leo XIII. , for our separated brethren, that, victorious over prejudices which it is hard to con- quer, they may have the light to see that which is good and true, and may have the courage to em- brace it— that kindly light may lead them on — that, won by a subtler logic than that of controversy or polemical warfare— the unity of Faith, the beauty of holiness, the generosity of sacrifice, the subordi- nation of temporal to eternal interests which they see amongst us Catholics — they may one after another be gathered into the one body and one fold under the one head and one Shepherd, Jesus Christ, who is over all the Church. A UNITED PRAYER FOR PEACE AND PROGRESS. Let all of us, Bishops, priests, and people, offer a united prayer to the Throne of Mercy that the con- gregation of the faithful in this new and prosperous and happy land — enlightened, consolidated, ex- tended by the labours of this great Council, profess- ing the same doctrine, receiving the same sacra- ments, subject to their lawful pastors under one visible head on earth, safe amid the darkness guided by a light which cannot lead astray, giving glory to God on high, and living at peace with men, may pursue its tranquil and majestic march through the ages to its glorious and immortal destiny. — Amen. THE MUSIC. The music was worthy of the occasion. As on the opening day of the Council in 1885, Gounod's St. Cecilia Messe Solennelle was the work selected, and Mr. J. A. Delany got together a great choir of over 130 voices. Mr. Delany himself conducted, and M. Auguste Wiegand, City Organist, at the invitation of the Cardinal- Archbishop, occupied the organ seat for the occasion. In addition to M. Wiegand's powerful aid the choir had the support of an orchestra of picked musi- cians led by the veteran Mr. W. Rice, who has played at all our Catholic festivals for the past quarter of a century. Mr. Delany on Sunday evi- dently strove for solemnity and delicacy of effect as opposed to robust but colourless interpretation of the great French master's music, and his success was undeniable. The singing of the Credo in particular was exceedingly fine. Mrs. Tierney (relieving Mrs. F. J. Riley), Miss Stafford, Miss Devitt, Mr. James Hinchy, Mr. T. Vaughan Dinnis, and Mr. D. Clancy were the soloists. At the Offertory, Mrs. Tierney, whose voice rang through the Cathedral, sang brilliantly the ' Tu ad Liberandum ' from Graun's 'Te Deum,' M. Wiegand accompanying on the organ. This is, we believe, the first time any portion of the 'classic' Te Deum has been heard at St. Mary's. At the Graduale, M. Wiegand played most expres- sively with the orchestra, the Offertorium written by Gounod for the St. Cecilia Mass. This was the first performance of the Offertorium in Sydney. At the conclusion of the Synod ceremonies the choir with organ and orchestra sang with thrilling effect the ' Hallelujah ' from Handel's ' Messiah,' THE SYNOD OPENED. After Mass the Synod was publicly opened and the formal decrees were read. The ceremonies were brought to a close at 2 o'clock. The prelates, offi- cials and priests left the Cathedral in the same pro- cessional order as they entered. This closing pro- cession, which passed round the northern end of the Cathedral, was within St. Mary's grounds. By 3 o'clock the Cardinal and all the members of the Synod were on their way to St. Patrick's College, Manly. Reference must be made to the excellent arrange- ments and the perfect order preserved in the Cathe- dral. Father J. Carroll, the Administrator, had most loyal help from the church- wardens, Messrs. E. O'Farrell, John O'Connell, Downey, Devitt, D. M'Grath, Kearey, Tooher, M'Caffrey, Murphy, D. M'Grath, and James O'Connell. IN THE EVENING. In the evening at the cathedral his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins presided at the vespers and officiated at Benediction of the most Blessed Sacra- ment. The sermon on Devotion to the Blessed Virgin was preached by his Lordship the Right Rev. , Dr. Gibney, Bishop of Perth. The Rev. J. Car- roll (Administrator) and the Rev. B. Carey were the assisting priests at Benediction. The Cathedral was completely filled, and Mr. D. Clancy sang the principal solo in the choir. TWO MORE PUBLIC SESSIONS. The proceedings of the Synod may be thus classi- fied : — 1. Public Sessions. 2. General Congrega- tions. 3. Private Congregations. 4. Committees. The Public Sessions are held in the cathedral, and are open to all the faithful. There are to be two more of these solemn public sessions :— On Sunday, the 24th, for the commemoration of our deceased prelates. On Sunday, the 1st December, for the promulga- tion of Decrees and the close of the Synod. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, Archbis- hop of Adelaide, is to deliver the second public dis- course on Sunday morning 24th inst. The third discourse, on the morning of the last public session, will be by his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne. THE PRACTICAL WORK. The private sessions which commenced on Satur- day will conclude on Saturday, November 30. The Archbishops and Bishops, with the officials of the Synod, form the Private Congregations. All these meetings are held at St. Patrick's College, Manly, and the matters submitted to the Synod are freely and fully discussed. The committees were in working order at Manly on Monday. The object of the committees in which the elected clerics took part is to draft or reduce to proper form the special matters assigned to them. When the committee have fully drafted a series of decrees on any subject proposed to them, such de- crees are handed to the secretary of the Synod, to be submitted to the Bishops, in the Private Congre- gation, \---------------------------------------------------------------- 