? (Mr ColtUBU- i One morning Arthur Heywood received a strange letter. It was frotn his maiden aunt, Mîbb Maod Hey wood. v CdMe at once,' it said. 'I am going to die, and I want to leave yon say Property. It teems light to Bee yon ifiret. Arthur had never met hig Aunt Maod, who lived by herself in « hand «orne country rèsidencfe. §hè bad inherited it from her mother, while the tjoya—he» "brotliera—^-were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the eldest, and all he had ever said of his aiater Maud was that something ghe.batj. _dpne in early youth had made them all angry, and that they never fiaw each other, and, for his part, he never desired to do so And now, when Arthur Hey wood was quite alone in the wojld, ibis annt had written to him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lemps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, sud held out fund to him. v : ^ yonr lalnM; but not fid Stern. Selim was stern" to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Wsll, she must have had a hard life of it, unless he was kinder to her than to his sister. 'There, don't speak. 1,-ehall say nothing bnt what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait 1 a few months. My heart is affected, I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, bat it will be as I «y:' * Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate iB valuable, and above all I hate hypocrisy. I have made my will in your favour. Stay until the last.' With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty-y ear-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been a school-boy. It was a large room at thé end of a long passage, veiy.h&ndspmely; furnished, bnt at the same, time very gloomy. - Arthur felt «uriously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to "bed at once. A night lamp stood on the mantle-piece ; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill in the night; bat he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. ' It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies,' he said. * I shall sleep it ofF.' And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghoBt-seer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright eiyes, who wore a curiots sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of Bomè grey Btuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed, to be a nnrse or a servant of Bome sort, and it was Arthur's impression that his aunt was ill. ' Have you come to call me ?' he asked. The woman came a little nearer. 4 Yes, J replied a voice, which made his blood ruo cold ; ' that woman is joying ' My aunt ?' ejaculated Arthur. * Your aunt,' replied the figure. 4 If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her hung.' 'This is a lunatic,' thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed nest under the circumstances, but the rfoman was gone. -He went , to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep .«gain, wondering why imagination should play such freaks-on him. However, this dream, ïf dream it were, was repeated three times. Each time the strangQ. dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Sey wood hang, and declared that if it were not done it would soon be too late. His aottt -was not a woman to whom ttf repeat such a dream, even bad ehp been in strong health. There was no one else to epea*k to. . Bnt the thing seemed so curions that Arthar «iaôe =8 -record of it in a sort of diary he was -in <tbe habit of 'keeping, followïBg iit by some reflections upon dreams. • At last, 'however, he was awakened, not by c. ^host, shut 'by a rap on his door. His aaot was -flying—a servant had come for him. When he reached her room sbe was insensible. She never spoke to 3iim again. He could not tm^nn Jber io&s;, -for^be was .almost mstk dt Tcèpéct <poBBi\»le to<hér memory. The faaerti <Kde1l8igefy.attended, ratber from cnrioBpty than -any other feeling, for Miso Heywood had entertained no one, and visited oo •one in the neighborhood - and in due conase x>f tisae the will wag read. It left, «yarythingio Arthur Heywood, only son of feer âeee&eed; brother, ! Selim Heywood, ®ad with bot one proviso : The garret «honld remain as it was, fastened by bolt «ad lock and bar never to be ope&ed; «n Any pretext whatever. ' I do aoi choose-to say why,' wrate the testator. 1 Unless my nepliew wiU ; agree to ibis, h« cannot inherit. I fihsll^eave s codicil to be read, <n case thhtiks refnseg. directing«disposition to be.jeade cf the hong^'' Bflt Arthar baSi no besitetiofti in agr^ing jbo this whim Of tig dead «ont, who, d&aWIeag;, bad oonsigoed to £be garret so^kg treasures of tier yoath m&teh; ëhe did xiot wish to destroy. Acd be took possœâian of the efitite, and eoon married and fhrongbt iome a wife, Yeart Jaronght tUem a family, and still tha genet, remained closed. A garret ii • great lâ8B to « bonsekeeper ; but whenever Mrs Gey wood made thia remark, her liaBb»i4 wonld reply that ' the estate w«ald be a greater ûae.' : ' WTio witi «TêT koMr Mhe JfffM fxrgK 1 WitDKtares 7* > A codicil n^ilfitb I b*T0 De^er Been remams^ Artbnr would knows what might hs épîj. «Wht> f jnore than peep throuJ^*|tht£ej£afe;%f this Blncbeard ? B^chwœà>ef^ ^ . inyefctry was greater, hewever, to the children, and \rhen the eldest boy w&8 tea years old it lied occurred to him that nothing could be so delightful M to peep into that garret, in which mi™ht ^jùàâenall sorts çj wonderfrl treaBores. A^eopne dlpy, iymeanp -of Ai. ladder some frnit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the jaloping roof, and reached «tie Iflormer «{inflow. Perched on the mllj hi peeped-In ; but at ihè I tnoment the ladder"siipped w He remained | on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, rah to hie assistance. However, though the child had crept np the sloping roof, the men' contd ? iot reach' ^im,'" "and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening .of the garret door, one^6f them bade :the ?hild remain where he was nntii he camp, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all about her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The gan-et was a Vara place, hung with old garments apd smelling hideously. In one dark -corner lay what -isoked like to pu^^^^to^^^^wad^^Wn ' the room was the work of a moment. - It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the time. When he returned he fonad the long sealed garret door opened, heard his wife's story amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonished. The skeleton upon ihe bed wore a grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight black hair of the woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explanation be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. The codicil had been enveloppd and Beaîed by Miss Maud who alone knew the contents. It contained these words ' This paper will only be opened if the garret is opened also. In that case my secret will be known to those who are of my own age, for there was znnch excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well known in the neighbourhood, and but for letters which I wrote myself and exhibited to curions folk, the truth might have been suspected at the tima. ' ' Jane came to live with me as housekeeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. ' I was betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Bnpert hated him. He placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in snch a way that my engagement was broken off Bnd my life embit tered. My lover left me with scorn, believing a false—tale, and married another. On3 "day I discovered Jane Jarvelle's treachery. Ï went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There we had a scene, .and there I murdered her. I 6 tab be 3 her to the heart. She lived only long enough to shriek : ' I will haunt the house till you are hung for this !' '.She has done it. I have aeen her. But I shall not be done. -The secret is all mr own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a. Jbody, and gathered new oneB about' me. I told people Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. ' My brother, Rupert, cross-qnestioned me, and made great search for Jaue Jarvelle ; the others were never good to me. Oars was an unkindly race ; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. ' Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted 'by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows, and assured of future punishment, what has my life been ? Again I say—pity me, and pray for me. 