THE SPIRIT OF THE CAVE HOUSES. “ No, senor, I will not go with you, neither will my people go with you. It is not good to go to the rock houses. Spirits have their walking place there— spirits of white men. The ghosts of our own people arc not good, but the spirits of white men arc devils.” That was the encouragement I received on setting out for my first summer's ethnological work among the cliff dwell ings of New Mexico. It was the old headman of the pueblo, Ziacoto, who refused in this stately way to lend me any guides for the trip, and when he saw I was determined to go anyhow, dismissed mo with the cheerful warning: “ When you are dead, let not your mother’s spirit reproach me !” I tried to find out how long the cliff dwellings were supposed to have been haunted, but the old fellow was uncom* rnunicativc, “How can I tell?” he an swered. “ Spirits live long. It is most likely they have been there many years. I myself have not seen them, but it is said that always evil spirits dwelt in the rock houses, and within a year they have walked. My people have seen them and died. It is not good to go there.” Of course I did not care anything for Old Yellow Jacket’s ghosts. 1 had heard often of the lost silver mine of the Tewan, and I supposed that this was one of the ways the Indians tried of keeping strangers out of the mountains, and pro bably had told the same thing so often, they had become to believe it themselves. But wo set out for the cave dwellings, nevertheless, with an outfit of six, though none but the packers know anything at all about the location of the dwellings, and they only by herosay. It was said that this sot of cave-houses had never been visited by white men, and by the time wc got to them, I was well inclined to believe it. They wore two days’ travel up the main canon of the Santa Cruz into the very heart of the mountains, and then another full day’s crawl up through a little black box canou, narrow as a knife-blade and dark as a squaw's pocket, with only a Ihiu blue line overhead where the sky came, aud where you could almost see the stars in day-time. Once out of the canon, with the roar of the stream below still in our ears, we found ourselves almost in the middle of a big saucer- shaped mesa, surrounded on three sides with mountains, and dropping off' sheer on the other to the valley of the Rio Grande. A good-sized mountain torrent, swelled with the melting of the snow, cut across the plain and dropped into the crack in the earth out of which we had just crawled, and five miles away, cutting diagonally across the mesa, was a thick pine forest, and rising out of the centre of that, pink in the light of the sunset, and all the more vivid against the green of the forest beneath it, rose the long, straight wall of the cliff where wo knew, wo should find the ca\o dwellings. And, sure enough, next morning, when wo trotted up through the cool green of the pine woods fresh with the smell of the dew still on it, there wore the caves, hundreds and hundreds of them, carved out of the soft tufa clifT that, on close in spection, was yellow instead of pink. The top of the cliff was eighty or a hun dred feet high, a shear outcrop of volcanic ash and pumice. But the straight wall in which the caves were cut was only the upper forty or fifty feet of it, the base being buried in a broken mass of talus, sloping down at an angle of forty degrees] to the river that swept down along the foot of the slope like a mill race. We put in a good day’s work at the rook-houses, which did not look as though they had ever been touched by a white man. Casey ran a base lino for bis survey, and nearly dropped his rod man off the cliff doing it, for it was ter ribly steep in places. By night there had come up a regular mountain thunderstorm, and for our own convenience we had moved into one of the rock houses and stabled the mules in another. It was as comfortable a camp as one could want in a storm, no possi bility of the rain getting to us, while, perched as wo were high up the cliff, tho prospect out over the level top of tho great pine forest was magnificent—tho black and grey masses of clouds rolling down over the green of tho woods, aud tho river far down below us plunging over the rocks and spouting up in white spray around tho bond of the cliff*. Tho wind howled and the rain came down straight and thick as telegraph wire, breaking into mist whero it hit tho rooks and pitting tho swift moving current of tho midstream. Tho thunder kept on booming liko mountain batteries in the hills behind up, and rolled aud rattled liko tho crash of avalanches down tho slope. Night had fallen, and tho only light outside was tho lightning, that lit up tho top of tho forest, and tho mountains beyond with a pale, slaty 1 light, and turned tho round doorway of [ tho cave into tho mouth of a groat camera I obscure, Bat wo wero dry and comfortable, Tho I fire throw up big, fanciful silhouttos of tho party on tho walls, while tho smell of tho frying bacon sot tho coyotes to bowl ing mournfully outside, os though Fray | Antonio and tho hell-hounds wore out for a midnight foray sure enough. Wo | did not mind tho storm —rather enjoyed it, in fact—ate, smoked and told stories, and finally, when tho conversation had i flogged, old,Salts,ono of tho packers,turned to the other, a young man, with the remark: “Say, Rich, this must be pretty close to the place where you and Oorelli hod your walk around with the Novajos last spring—ain’t il?” It wns a good draw for a story, but | Rich only growled something about it being “too damned close,” and then I curled down on bis blankets again and looked uncomfortable. Salts tried to draw him a little further, but seeing ho would not talk and as the boys wanted the story, himself told of how Rich, the past spring, had come near getting picked off by a roving party of Navajos, Rich was in the cavalry at Wingate at the time, and was close chums with Lon Corelli, a young half-breed, the two being , like brothers, except that they were in love with the same girl down in El Paso, The two had been sent down to Archu- I letta on courier duty by themselves, \ though old Colonel Douglas knew the Indians wore restless, and Rich came back alone, nearly dead, and looking like a ghost, to tell how, on the way back to the fort, they bad had a two day's chase with a war party, and how Lon had been shot out of his saddle near the top of the Archuletta Pass, and Rich himself had only got back after having Ins horse killed and wandering for two days in the bills without anything to oat, A search ing party hud been sent out after the Indians had been rounded up ; but though they searched the Rio Chico from the spot where Rich had seen the body go tumbling down the cliff into the river down stream nearly to where the .stream came out by the cave-cliffs, they could find no trace of it. This experience soured Rich on the service, and when his time was out, ho did not re-enlist, but married the girl he and Corelli had been jointly in love with and joined our outfit as a packer. The storm got worse instead of better, but that did not trouble us, and the boys finally rolled up in their blankets. Rich, who was evidently uncomfortable stirred up by the recollection of Salt’s story, but who had not said a word the whole time, gob up and spread his blankets on the far side of the fire from the door, and though it was really not cold, wrapped himself up, head and ears, and lay there like a log. The ■ other fellows were smoking cigarettes, Mexican fashion, inside their blankets j but gradually the puffs of smoke died down and the fire flickered and waned, I must have been asleep, for I had a sort of half nightmare sensation of there being someone beside ourselves in the cave. There seemed to be a cold, damp draught directly off the water, and the embers of the fire shone a pale»blue phosphorescent tint. There wa* not light enough for shadows, but I was dimly conscious that something, not someone was moving and searching among us for something that it could not find, I felt all the weak helplessness of nightmare and the same oppressive terror of some thing that was going on within my presence, but beyond my power to con trol. I could feel the skin draw tight around my forehead, and there was that pricking sensation about the scalp, a lifting of the hair, that legacy of some far off savage ancestor when man had more traits in common with the brutes. I could no more move than if a great weight had been on my chest, and there was a rumbling sound us of water in my ears. Then, with a feeling of indefinable horror, I saw the blankets about Rich begin to unroll, not as though he wore throwing 'them oil', but with a creeping amceboidal motion, us though endowed with a life of their own. Then Rich himself began to rise, a sort of mechanical motion like a figure coming up through the trap of a theatre. The pale light of the embers throw his face into ghastly linvs and wrinkles, and on it there was stamped the samedumb terror that I could feel upon my own. And still there persisted that feeling of another presence in the cave, though there was nothing definite in the moving shadows. On-’Rich’s face there wns a look of piteous appeal, as he seemed to bo dragged to his feet and drawn, mutely resisting, across the cavo toward the door. I felt that he was being drawn to his deatli, as thoiu'h some horrible fate awaited him on the threshold, but for the life of me I could not move a finger to save him, and the other sleeping figures lay still as death, all unmindful of what was going on. (. The wind howled and the thunder boomed down the hollows of the cliff, and still Rich was dragged slowly, resisting but scarcely struggling, toward the door. The lightning flashes lit up his agonised face like that of a prisoner on the rack, and his shadow writhed in the bright flashes against the wall. I could almost have sworn there were two shadows, but the dumb helplessness of half-sleep con fused mo. There was something unreal and unnatural in it all, and yet, back of the terror of the moment, there seemed to hang a deeper horror of some tragedy that J. could fell but could not under stand. It wns a second “ Damnatian of Faust,” and I a helpless spectator on the edge of the Brocken, gazing in facinated terror at the abyss into, which at any moment I might myself be drawn. But it could not last. The strain was too in tense. The shrinking figure reached the doorway, and 1 was almost prepared to see him struck down by an avenging blast of lightning, like the terrific stage | effect in some great tragedy. But instead | of that the lightning, which though fitful had boon almost unceasing, died out into silent blackness. Only in the centre of the cavo the blue light of the embers seemed to float, like a death firo over an open grave, but gave neither light nor shadows. I lost sight of Rich, there was th o sound of a struggle in the darkness, and then there broke out an agonised yell of pure animal terror. The spell was broken. The half light of the lire —red, warm, and grateful— filled tho cavo again. The boys started from their blankets, guns in hand, and I found myself bounding over Rich,whowas lying insensible in the doorway. I was dripping with cold sweat, and ho wns white and cold as a corpse, with tho blood running from a big cut in his forehead whore ho had fallen against the rock door way. Tho storm had passed over and tho thunder was growling off on tho far side of the Rio Grande, while tho rocks out side wore still wet and dripping with tho rain. But tho moon was breaking through tho clouds and tho air smelled fresh and cool. The boys wanted to know what, was the matter, but 1 hardly knew whether my part in the uncanny scene had been more than a dream, so I told them I did not know, except that I had had tho nightmare and Rich seemed to have been walking in his sleep. But he seemed to be pretty well used up by his fall, and it took a liberal drenching with water and allopathic doses of whisky to put any life into him, Tho next morning ho was half delirious with a high fever, and had to be left in the - cliff house while tho rest of the party went out to work Howard was some thing of a doctor and did tho best he could for him ; and when night came and tho boys had got supper, Rich ate a little something and dropped off to sleep. I had gone to sleep, too, glad ' enough that his case had turned out no I worse than it wap, for there had boon Homethingtrulyawful in the wayhisillnosa had come about, I had not spoken to any one but Ned Howard about the true story of our joint nightmare experience, and ho had only said “Hump!’' and let (ho matter drop. It must have been past midnight when I was waked by the sound of shot? outside, and old Salts shook me, saying: “For God’s sake, Cap, get up! Rich’s loose, and he's gone plumb locoed !” I rolled out of my blankets, and started for the door, but the old packer held ma back, “ Look out," he whispered ; “he’s crazy as a loon, and he’s shorning up tho rock* houses,” As Hooked out another shot sounded ; and, peering from the shelter of the door way, X saw Rich about twenty-five yards away, crouching in an angle of the cliff with a pair of revolvers in his hoods, up* parontly trying to keep oIF some invisible assailant who was hovering in front of him. He was yelling some warning at tho top of his voice, and now and then letting fly a shot. j It was a terribly nerve-trying sight, tho holf-dressed madman there in the moonlight, battling with his invisible foes. It was so sudden, Loo. And" then there recurred to me tho scone in the cave tho night before—the agonised look of terror on the young fellow’s face that till this moment I bad more than half believed was a figment of my own imagination. The madness was, then,nob so sudden, but hud been coining on all that time, perhaps aggravated by the ghostly stories told tho night bvfore about the lire. The thought hod hardly flashed ocross my mind, when ho emptied the last shot from his pistols. Ho snapped them once or twice, hesitated, and then, like a mon driven desperately to bay, threw them at something in front of him,and, dodging as though froin some terrible pursuer, came racing up tho cliff like a hunted jack'rabbit. It was a horrible, broken path, strewn with boulders. On one band rose the straight wall of the cliff, and on the other was the broken slope of the talus running clown fifty feet to the water below. A slip on the edge would mean death. We yelled to the fugitive, but he did not heed us, and bounded along from boulder to boulder on tho very edge of the cliff, sometimes looking back and shaking his fist, and again gotbering himself for a spring, like a mountain sheep, and skimming along at a racing speed where it would bo bard to walk even io day-time. He passed us like a flash and was gone along the terrace, yelling like a madman, now plainly visible in the bright patches of moonlight and again lost in the shadows. Wo followed in hope of bringing him back, but it wos like chasing a night hawk. Tho other boys were also out and joined in the chase. “Did you see it, Cap?” panted old Salts, as we raced along the ledge, with tho wild figure of Rich dancing ahead of us. “ See what 1” I snapped angrily, for I guessed what ho meant, bub did nob want to own it. “ Tho other thing, tho—by God, Gap, I can see it now ; it’s folloriu’ him.” Rut just then the runner stopped and threw up his hands. Tho dill bent at a sharp angle and ran straight across hia path. He was a hundred yards away, but we could sec him double and turn this way and that, seeking a place of escape, springing up and clutching tho smooth face of the dill', like a rat in a water-bucket, trying every direction but to the open path behind him that seemed to bo blocked by some horrible, but, to us, invisible shape. And then, to our horror, he faced towards us, and, with bis back to the cliff, fighting desperately with his bands at something in front of him, he began to edge out along a narrow ledge that run out and overhung tho water. Wo yelled to him with all our strength and redoubled our speed, but he did nob seem to hear, and fighting frantically at some dung that seemed to be grappling at his throat; he staggered back step by step towards tho edge, and then, borne down as though by some powerful antagonist, he sank to his knees on tho very edge of the lock, swayed, and, with a wild scream toppled over backward, clutching at tho air, turning and writhing in his fall, over and down, striking a projecting ledge and bounding off into deep water with a seeth ing ruck of bubbles of foam that swept down and was lost in the current. Wo picked our way down the talus to the water in the faint hope of recovering the body. Salts peered out around the corner of the cliff, stepping on what seemed to bo a log, bub it gave away under his foot and he drew back with an oath. There in the still water formed by the eddy, hobbling up and down where his foot had set it in motion, was a bloated corpse, months old, caught in tho tangle of bushes growing in the slack water. It had apparently been kept only by the ioO'Cold water. The face was horrible and beyond recognition oven in tho bright moonlight, while tho vary , clothes looked bleached and wan from their long immersion. It was a soldier, for it wore tho long, blue overcoat and cavalry boots, but when wo tried to lift it, the cloth came away in handfuls like j wot blotting paper. Saha turned it over with a slick, and as the long, black | matted air came into view, and in tho ear a tiny gold earring, ho exclaimed: “ Lon I Corelli! He’s flouted down stream here and lodged,” “But what’s he doing-hero !” I ex* claimed, half resentfully, as though tho presence of the corpse had something to do with the horrible sccnd wo had just been witnessing. Balts said nothing, but worked his stick as a lever, and tho thing in the water rolled over sluggishly, bringing the broad back to view, and .there, stick ing behind tho shoulder-blade, was a silver-mounted -dirk. The old packer stooped and drew it out and turned it over in the bright moonlight. Then ho pointed •to som« lettering on tho handle and jerked his head towards tho middle of tho river, “ It’s his knife,” ho said. Too Much Liko a Bath.—Neighbor—“ Why arc yon throwing those bars of soup into your pond?” Moan Man— “To keep boys from swimming in it.” ’ Truvors (to office hoy)—“Johnnie, did you lake that ohouuo down to my tailor?” Johnnie _« Yos, sir.” Travers—“ What did ho do when you gavo it to him?” Johnnie—“Ho fainted, sir.” A Modern Applicotion.—Toaohor—“‘Tho race is not always to the swift. 1 Do you understand tho inner moaning of that ?” Bright Boy—“ Sometimes tho front feller's tyres gets punctured,” First Boy—“You’re 'frald lo light, that’a what,” Second Boy—“No, I ain’t, bat if I light you, my mother’ll lick mo.” “How will she find it out, oh?” “She’ll sec tho doctor going to your house.” Mamma —“Who gave you that piece of pie s Willy?” Willy—“ Mrs ' Uiob." “Did you thank her for it?” “No.’m; I thought she would give mo another piece, and 1 was going to thank her all at ooco.” 