THE CRITIC. By 'Sir Fretful Plagiary.' 'Who can nndanntoi brave the Critic's rage ? vl Z°? f?™™* llis ™'M°' in the Critic's p»ge? Parade Ills errora to tUe public era And Mother Grundy'a rage ilef j V The bookies pronounced it 'Hooreyria' after tbe Cup was Hova. ? ♦ ? Things are on the mend financially. Only 106 petition! in bankruptcy were lodged during October. ? ♦ ? Amongst the births during the week I notice a eon lo the ? News ' family on Cup Day. A sort of sports-edition of the'News.' ? ♦ ? Parliament will probably prorogue at the end of the month with the eminentlyunsatis faclory record of nothing accomplished, and little done. ? «. ? ' Drunkenness is a form of insanity, and what the victim requires is cure, and not punishment.' — Judge Murray. O wise, and humane judge ! A new thatch producer is advertised under the title Parkes'e Hair Grower. Hae the old man Gold his secret, or is he running the tonic ' on his own ?' How did tbe woman found drowned in Farm Cove possess herself of the cud of invitation to tbe Irish Australian Conven tion banquet for November 8 ? ? * ? He dreamt the winner several nights, Heard thousands ' Havoc ' screaming, And backed him ; but the scratching pen Played Havoc with his dreaming. ? ♦ ? The Hovas are causing discontent in Madagascar. One Hora caused much content and brought great joy into the hcarte of the metallicians in Melbourne on Tuesday. ? ? ? An American revivalist asserts that sinoe the divided skirt and bloomer rig for women has became the vogue, the number of buttons which drop into the collection boxes has been more than doubled. ? ♦ ? Evangelist Varley says the Lord caused draughts and fires to devastate Now South Wales, so that the ungodly would not have money wherewith to speculate on the Mel bourne Cup, But he omits to explain why this colony waa specially visited for the sins of tbe southerners in whose division the race was run. I don't think Mr. Varley is a full member o£ the Divine Executive. A.nd he may get to know more about drought and fire later on. ' Chicago's medical officer advises people not to kiss without having first ' wiped the lips with carboliBed rosewater and then carefully dried them.' The kiss of the future is to be a distressingly deliberate affair. ? ♦ ? Two million one hundred and sixty-six thousand sovereigns have been coined at Sydney Mint since the beginning of the year, let thousands of people in tbe city have not handled one since the latter part of 1892. As Dr Cornelius Herz is dying, the English Oourts have refused to sanotion his extradi tion to France, where he is wanted in con nection with the Panama Oanal swindles. Death is one of the best friends he ever had in his lift. ? ♦ ? ? A country coach proprietor advertises that his coaches starts ? for the Caves daily, twice 8 week,' He is probably a relative of the citizen who went into Bennett's daring Wednesday and asked the price of a 'three wheeled bicycle.' ? « ? A brewer named Lindsay was drowned in a vat of beer in Melbourne on Tuesday night 'In the beer;' 'Out of the beer;' 'On the bier.' Doubtless some of the 'Weary Willies' of the community envy him the manner of his exit ? ?» Saw potatoes are being retailed at three half-penoe a pound, or £14 a ton in Sydney. Ordinary flour is fetching £7 10s per ton in Adelaide, The Benevolent and Labor Bureau people might bring this i aot under the notice of the Premier, 'Zimmerman's style o£ cyoling has greatly impressed spectators of his work ' says a con temporary. So did Hanlan's style of soulling until he measured, blades with ? Old Bill,1 Then it was discovered that hiB style was not quite up iofin de sieclc form. — : ? ♦ ? ? ?'? . Anraria may be regarded as a sort .of equine federalionist. Bred .by a .Victorian, owned by a South Australian, and ridden by a New South Wales boy, she won Austra lasia's greatest ..horsoVraoc— the one federal institution we possees-itho Melbourne Cup. ? ? *-h~ — - '? A Mexican judge has caused something of a sensation by giving ejjoct to an alleged Divine mandate, and burning a dozen or. so heretics, This was done to avert a threatened ?depression in the land. Somo of our politi cians would find the weather sultry in Mexico, _, ? * ? 'I iron £80 on Auraria,' remarked Mrs Parting! on to a lady j' -lend last Wednesday. 'How did you macige that, my dear?' enquired her friend. 'Well, you eco, a gentleman I know well put a pound on the tcototallor for mo!' Are you listening, 'Henry Varley? ♦ ? ' In reply to an interviewer, Zimmerman, the American cyclist, said he thought the Australian climate would suit him. If it .does not, he ii hard to please, as anytime. during last weak he had opportunities of making a selection out of the four seasons of the year, ? 4 ? l The Sultan has become alarmed at the action of the Young Turkish Party, and has asked for the protection of Great Britain. This will accentuate the position of affairs in Europe, and doubtless occasion some anxiety in the War Office and Parliament of Kew South Wales. ? « ? During the regime of J. Butcher Patterson a woman was hanged in Melbourne, and J. B. retired more or less gracefully from this mundane sphere within twelve months from the date of execution. Last Monday another woman was hanged and — well, I won't pursue the unpleasant parallel any further, ? ? ? ? During the progress of a recent inquest a gitl ot thirteen said Bhe wat in a boatshed with a young man at midnight on Saturday. That young man would do wisely it he leads that portion of the laws of the land bearing directly on what is sometimes referred to in the Criminal Court as 'The ags of consent.' ? ♦ ? The 'Daily Telegraph' mates a great fuss over that gambling saloon in Engine sheet, where the awful game of 'heading 'em ' is alleged to be played, bnt it is dis creetly silent of another alleged gambling den — one of the swell clubs, where more dashing games than 'heading 'em' aie ef nightly occurrence. ? ♦ ? Protettion is coming up in the betting. Busela has been aBked to protect Armenia, and England is appealed to by the Sultan to see to it that his head is not taken off and carried away come night when he is sleeping. If the diplomatists make any blunder in this business the Bear and Lion will be 'in holts ' very early in 1896. ? * ? T He is not half the man he wis this very day last week. His haughty air is gone, and less astertive is his cheek ; On Tuesday loud his laugh was heard, since then he does but weep. The man whose boree was Wallace in the hundred thonsand sweep. ? « ? In the course of a reply by Mr Brnnker to a question hf Mr J, C. Noild, the information was elicited that the work formerly performed by a £470 a year clerk vras now being done and formed 'portion of the duty ' of a junior officer salaried at 10s a day. This 'junior officer,1 it is worthy of remark, has been 17 years in the emice of the State. ? * ? It has transpired that the Ablepbarus Heidi, tha young 'goanner' discovered by Mr MoCooey, is a very old-style lizard, which long eince had a habitation and a name in the land. The Premier 19 diegueted at the association of bis namo with the alleged discovery, and repudiates the godpatcrnal obligations which have been thrust upon him. A group of leases at I O U, Kalgoorlie (WwA.), have been secured for flotation in London {or £100,000. Judging by the way English money is being rushed in, the 'wild cats' must be feasting. When the bottom falls out of the boom, as it must do ere long, London investors will find a quantity of scrip on hand which ther may label 'LO V, unredeemable.' ? « ? The Premier tells me he entered into the etruggle with, the Upper House in order to keep down his weight. Tis his stomach that troubles him. Now, I think that the Head of the Stite should be a man of large views, large presence, large etomacb, and large head. Why should he keep down his stomach? Nay, let us have men about us that are fat, and sleep 0' night?. If he slept 0' days, too, I think t'would make no matter. ..^ - ? « ? ^ One of the morning papors recently credited a letter on ' French Priests in tho New Hebrides ' to Mr. H. Copeland, M.P. The member for Phillip, with characteristic modesty, disclaims the authorship of the erTnsion, and objects to being coinpllmentod on his. intimate knowledged of the move ments of the clergy in the Islands. Bev. Copeland was the writer of the letter. The ex-Minister for Lands does not pose as an authority on religious mailers. ..„- ? « ? The President of the Board of Inquiry into the charge of ill-treatment of a pationt in Molong Hospital has prohibited the publi cation of, the evidence until hie report has been Bent into the Government. I suppose a satisfactory reason for this will bo given in due course. But I do not for one moment suppose that the whole of tho evidence will ever seethe light of day. It is alleged that ' some sensational disclosures ' were made. The names of tho persons to be protected in this matter have not been furnished to tho ProEB. — — ? ♦ At the Quarter Sessions t'other day Judge Murray drew attention to a glaring inetanoe of our method of manufacturing criminals. Two men came before him on a charge o£ bousebreaking. Ono of these mon had been sent to prison previously for habitual drunken ness, tbe other for failing to mninlain his wife. In prison these men, through evil association, became criminals. Now the State has to support them for lengthy terms of imprisonment. And yet the authorities hup themselves with the idea that their 'system* is perfeob ? ♦ ? Business in the hemp market ehonld be improving! On Monday two men wore banged in Brisbane, and a woman waa, Bent out by tho rope route in Melbourne. The same day a Chinaman sent his mate to the pagan Paradise from the southern city, and was charged with murder. On Wednesday Horaoe Lynoh was lynched in Adelaide; and daring tbe week a ooupla of malefactors of our owa growing wera;^; - vet Wujjavs, however, one or two awaiting trial who may be escorted to the border of the undiscovered country by the Sheriffs deputy — Mr Howard. ? ♦ ? The Prime Minister of Madagascar is, ex offieio, Prince Consort ; and tha precast holder of the office, Bainilavony, has had the fortune to marry three Queens. The peculiar custom under which the Prime Minister must marry the ' Queen ia thus explained :— ' The Malagasy are divided into two classes — the Andriana, or nobles, and the Hovas, or com moners,' The ruler of the country is always drawn from the nobles, and the Queen is thus the head of the Andriana and the Prime Minister ie, the head of the Hovas. It it to maintain a balance of power between the two classes that the Prime Minister marries the Queen.' Before starting to work to convert the bookies and the tote-men Evangelist Varley should really look at home among his co religionists. ' Jack the Hipper ' was a religious enthusiast, and is said to bave been a daily worshipper at St. Paul's Cathedral The latest 'Frisco murderer, William Henry Theodore Durrani, the man who mode a wholesale business of outraging and murder ing young females, was the assistant librarian of the Emmanuel Baptist Church Sunday School, San Francises, and was looked upon as quite a model young man. Evangelist Varley should look at home before starting out to convert the Books. . ? —A ? Mr. Thos. Walker, ex-M.P., has another play on the stocks, and advertises for ? talented ladies and gentlemen' willing to pay an entrance fee for the privilege of being permitted to assist in its presentation to a critical and discriminating public The city is full of talented Iadie3 and gentlemen who would doubtless be delighted to share with Thomas the honor and glory and 'gonse' likely to accrue from the enterprise, but the entrance fee clause will be a lion in the track. Few talented people at this season of the year have enough of the wherewithal in their clothes to pay the entrance money for a contest with a slab of ehin steak in a three penny hash depot ? » ? A writer in a contemporary complains of the clause in tbe Public Service Bill, under which State employees who do not pay their debts are liable to be discharged. This is, perhaps, one of the most righteous ordina tions in the measure, and the order of the sack should be promptly conferred on each civil servant trho attempts to evade his obligations to Mb butcher, baker, and other tradesmen. He knows exactly what he is to receive and when ho is to receive it, and if he permits his expenditure to exceed bis income, he is as much a criminal and as unworthy of retaining the confidence of his employers as the underpaid clerk who dives into his master's casbbox and plays up the coin in the Engine-street heading school. ? ♦ ? Judging by the glowing roports in the mining columns of the daily papers a lot of gold still remains unearthed in this colony, and the hundreds of people attracted by the apparent greenness of the far-away hills of Westralia could be, under favorable circum stances, employed earning and distributing the surplus moneys of foreign capitalists which at present are being sunk so largely in the Western settlement What is wanted to induce investment here, apart from the gold finds which exsist, is a reliable information branch at the Mines Department, run on business line;, and conducted by men who know whereof they are likely to be asked about The newspapers are not always reliable, and speculators are not easily pursnaded to rnn round trying to drop their pieces into the gaping months of wild cats. A correspondent sends me what he oalls 'another striking instance of the efficacy of prayer.' He writes: — ? Some years ago I was on the Hill grand stand, Flemington, when the Melbourne Oup Race was being run. Before tbe horse entered the straight X observed a man in an attitude of prayer on one of tbe seats. His eyes were dosed, his folded hands were held aloft towards heaven. He prayed fervently and loudly, and this part of hit supplication I could not help overbearing: 'Shove him along, good Lord, shove him along 1' When the numbers were hoisted I asked the man if the petition had been answered. Be replied in tbe affirmative; the 'him' of his prayer vras Carbine.' ,„., ? ♦ ? Old England is bound to get back on us some way. The London Society for the Pro tection of Animals protest against the ship ment of live cattle from Australia, and urges the suppression of the trade. J. Bull objects to tbe colonies coming in and cutting him out of his own market Next thing he will bo putting a prohibition duty on all products sent from the antipodes. Then poor old Cobdon will climb out of his hole in tho ground, and shaking the dust from his grave clothes, transport his shadowgraph to the Parliament House of New South Walos — the last resort of the Freetraders. And if he does not hurry up that will bo in the hands of the enemy, and in epice alone will his unquiet ghost be able to find a resting place. ? « ? . ??*'? Messrs. Delohery and Smithera (Stipendary Magistrates), havo been granted leave of absence on account of ill-health. The work of. the magistracy must be particularly trying. One or two of them are always in dook for repairs. Newspaper men, on the contrary, are never ill. I know some who have been sitting in the eame chair, wading through ill-written manuscript, and taking tho fangs out of venomous and libellous paragraphs, and writing articlos and dodging duns and bailiffs for joars — tbe eauio old weary round all day — but they never are granted leave of absence on account of ill-health. They work on till they are workod out Then they go homo and go to bod and die. And the incident is oasnally referred to in the newB columns of the papers, and that's all about it No experi enced newspaper man would ever ask for leave of absouo?, eimply because he felt it doming on, to die. It would not be 'lanted. 