Tie Mystery of tie Inn; on, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER . '/ t STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. " . CHAPTER XXVI. FOB THE LABI IUC5. My eyes turnod immediately in tbo di rection of tho secret chamber. Its on- tranoa was olosod, but I know, she was hidden thero aa well as if the door had .been open and I lind soon her. What should I do 1 E or a moment I hositated, then i ruebod from tho room and hastened baok to Ml. Felt. I found him standing with his face to the door, eagerly awaiting my return. "What has hnppenedl" ho asked, im portunately. " Your face is as palo as death." " Beonuso death is . in tlie house. Ma-, darao — " "Ah I" . ' "Lioe not in her bod. nor. is she to be found in her room. There is another piece, however, in which instinct tells mo we shall find her. ana if we do, wo shall find her — dead 1" "In hor daupfhtor's room ? At hor daughter's bodoide ?" , "No ; in the soorot ohamber." He gazed at me with wild and haggard aBpcct. " You aro right," ho hoarsolv assented. " Lot us go ; let us soek hor ; it may not bo too Into." Tho entrance to this hidden room was closed, na I hnva said, and as l had never assisted, nt its opening, I did not know whero to find tho hidden spring bv moans of ivhioh tho panel was moved. Wo had, therefore, toondure minutes of suspense, while Mr. Felt fumbled at the wainscot ing, Tho aandlo I held shook with my agitation, and though I had heard no thing ot the storm before, it seomed now as if ovory gURt which came swooping down upon the house tore its way through my shrinking oonsoiousnoss with a force and menace that ecattorod the last rem nant of self-possession. Not an instant in tho whole terrible day had boen more frightful to me, no. not the moment when I first hoard the sliding of this very panol and the eound of her orawling form np- proaohing mo through tho darkness. The vivid fioahos of lightning that shot ovcry now and then through the cracks of the closely shuttered window, making a vlfoleton ot ita frame-work, added not a ljttlo to my terror, there being no other light in the room save that and tho flickering, almost dying flame, with wliioh I strove to aid Mr. Felt's endou- vors and only succeeded in lighting up his anxious and heavily bedewed fore- hood. "Oh, oh!" was my moan; "this is terrible ! Lot us quit it or go around to my own room, where there is an open door." But ho did not hear me, His efforts had bocomo frautio and he toro at the wainscoting as if ho would forco it open by main strength. " You oannot reach her that way," I doolared. "Perhaps my' hand may be more skilful. ! Lotme try." liut ho only inoroased his efforts. " t am coming, Marah ; I ain coming !" he called, and at once, as if guided by sonio angel's tcuoh, his finger's slipped upon tho spring. Immediately it yieldod and the opening oo eagerly Bought for was made. " Go in," ho gaaped, " go in." And so it was that tho fate whioh had forocd mo against my will, and in despite of such intonee shrinking to pass so fre quently into that hideous spot, whoro death hold its revel and Nemesis awaited its victim, drove mo thither onco again, and, as I now hope, for tho last time. For, thoro upon tho fioor, and almost in tho same spot where wo had found lying the remains of innocent Honors, Urqu- hart, wo saw, aa my premonition had told mo alio should, the outstretched form of tho unhappy being who had usurped hor plnoe in life, and now, in re- .tribution for that aot, had laid hor head jdown upon the Bamo couoh in death. She :Was pulaeloss and quite cold. Upon her ;mouth her left hand lay pressed, as if, |With hor last breath, she sought to absorb tho pure kiss whioh had been left there iby the daughter Bho so much loved. CHAPTER XXVII. A last WOBD. Did Marah Loighton will the coming of hor old lover to my - inn on that fatal night? That ii tho question X asked, when, with tho first, breaking of the morning light, I disoovered lying on the table under an empty phial, a letter ad dressed, not to her husband, not to her ahild, but to him, Mark Felt. I It is a question that will never bo an- 'swercd, but X know that ho comforts himself with the supposition, and allows the trembling hope to pass, at timos, across his troubled spirit, that in the bitterness of thoso last hours somo touoli of tho Divino morcy may liavo moved her soul and mado hor fitter for his momory to dwell upon. i Tho lottcr I afterwards road. It was as follows : ' To tjibMAS Wno Givn Alt., Bors All, I HEAVED Notiiiho but Survnozxa: I atn not worthy to writo you, oven with 'the prospect of death beforo mo. But an infiucnco X do not cars to combat, drives me |to make you, of all msn, tho confidant ot my .roraone. , I X did not poriiih stetson yean ego the Mudeon Rlwr. 1 11 vod to share in and profit iby a crime that boa left on indelible stain upon my life, and an Ineffaceable darkness 'within my soul. Yon know, or soon will know, what that orimo was, and how we prospered in it. Daring aa It wao dreadful, I beard Us fearful details plnnncd by hta lips, without a shudder, because I was mad In thoso days, nmd for wealth, mad for 'power, mod for-adventure. The only mad- .hem X dldnot f«ol was lovo. This I any to comfort a pride that must hnvo bean soroly Wounded in thoao days, as sorely wounded as your heart, Edwin Urauhart could make my eyes thlnooad ray blood run swiftly, but not bo swiftly as to make me break my troth with yott, had ho not sworn to me that through him 1 should gain what moved mo more than any man Is love. How ho was to ac- jConapllih this X could not see in tho begln- jning, and was so little oredulous of his being able to keep bis oaths that I let myself be 'drawn by yoa almost to tho church door, j But I got no further. There in tho crowd :he stood with a command in bis eyes which forbade any further advance, Tboagh I ;comprohendcd nothing then, I Obeyed his Ibokand wont back, for my heart was nou m and it was in. the bopee to Wflofi hi?: wjpkq seemed to point. Later he riA Jthose hopes were.. . HO hid ' mi tyrnOTdvamk VhUAtoftMfc i . y Efnppy. Go -Lucky Inn and its secret cham ber, and he saw, or thought lie saw, how he oonld make mo his without losing tho bene fit of an alliance with Misb Dudloiph, And I thought I Baw also, and entered into hie plans, though thoy comprised crimo and on- tailed liorroro upon mo from which women naturally shrink. I was hard as the nelhcr millstone of whioh tho Biblo speaks, and went detorminerlly on in the path of dlBsi- mulntion and crime which had boen marked out for mo, till we enmo to this inn. Then, owing, perhnps, to my long imprisonment in the dreadful box, I began to feel qualms of physical fear and such harrowing mental forebodings, that more than onoe during that terrible ovcnlng I oame\ncar shouting for rolense. . . But I was hold back by apprehensions ns great as any from whiob a premature release from my pines of biding oould have freed me. I dared not face Honors, and I dared, not snbjeot Edwin Urquhart to tbeconso- quences of a public recognition of onr perfidy, and so I let my opportunity go. by, and became the sharer, ns I was already the instigator, of the unhenid.of crime by which X became, in tho eyes of the world, his : wife. ' What I suffered, during its perpetration no word of mine can oouvey. I cringed to . hor moans ; I shook under tho blow that stifled them. And when all was over, and tho bolts whioh confined mo wero shot baok, and 1 found myself once moro on my feet and in the free air of this most horrible of rooms, I looked about, not for bim, but her, and when I did not see ber or any taken ot her death, I was seized by such an agony of revulsion that I uttered a great and irre- C ressible cry which filled tho house,- and rought more than one Btartlod Inquirer to our door. For retribution and remorse wero nlrendy busy within me, and in tbe lurking shadows about the fire-placo I thought I saw tbo leng and narrow slit made by the half- closed panel standing open between me and the secret place of ber entombment. And though it wns but an optical delusion, the Ennel being renlly closed, it might as well ave been tho truth, for I have never been able to rid myself of tbe sight ot that chi- mcrlcal strip of darkness, with its sugges tions of guilt and death. It haunted my vision ; it ruined my life ; it destroyed my poace. It I shut my eyes at night it opened before mo. If I arrayed -myself in jewels and rich ralmant, and pnused to take but a passing look at myself in tbe gloss, this, horror immediately came between me and my own image, blotting tbe vision of wealth from my eyes ; so that I went into tlio homes of tbe noble or the courts of the king a clouded, miscrablo thing, seeing nothing but that black and narrow slit closing upon youth and beauty and innocence forever and forever and forever. My child came. Ah I that I should have to mention ber hero I I do it in penance , I do it in despnir; since with hor my hcari woke, and for bor that heart is now broken, never to be healed again. O, if the know ledge of ray misery wakens in you one thought that is not of revenge, oast a pity ing eye upon this darling one, left in a hate ful country without friends, without lover, without means. For friends and lover and means will all leave ber with the revelations which tho morning will bring, unless Heaven Is merciful to her innocence as it has been just to my guilt, Bho will have no othor goal before her than that which bas opened its refuge forme. Aa for ber father,. let Heaven deal with him. He gave me thiB darling ohild; so I may not curse him, even if I cannot bless. . Marah. October 23, 1V91. I have seen one bright thing to-day, and that was tho fnint and almost un earthly gleam which shot for a moment from beneath Honoru's falling. lids,, as. I, told hor what lovo was and how tho mar quis only awaited her permission to apoak, to assure her of his boundless af fection, and his undying purposo to be true to her even to tho point of assuming her griefs and taking upon himself the protection of liek innocence. If it had not been for this, I should hnve felts that tho world was too dark to remain in, and life was too horrible to be endurod. November 30, 1791. 1 thought that when Honors Urquhart left my house to bo married to M. De Fontaine in tho ohuroh below the hill, ponce would return to us onco more. But there is r.o peace. This morning another horrible tragedy defiled my door step.. 1 was sitting in the open porch waiting for the mail coach, for it seemed to me that it was about time I received some ' word from Mr. Tumworth. It was yet somo minutes before the time when the rumble of the oonch is usually heard, and I was brooding, aa was natural, over the more than 'terrible ocourronces of the last few weeks, when I heard the clatter of liorseB' hoofs, and looking up nnd down tho road, saw a small party of men ap proaching from the south. As they came nearer, I noticed that one of the riders was white-haired and presumably aged, and was interesting- myself in him, when ho come near enough for mo to rooognue his features, and I peroeived it was no othor than Mr. Tamworth. Rising in perturbation, I glanoedat the men behind and ahrest of him, and saw that ono of theso rodo with lowered heiid .and on oppressed mien, and was just about to give that person, a name in my mind, when the horse he bestrode sud denly roared, bolted, and dashed forward to where 1 sat, flinging his rider at the very threshold of my hoUBO, where he lay senseless as the stone upon whioh his hoad had fallen. For an instant both his companions and myBolf pausod aghast at a sight so tor- rible and bewildering ; then, amid orios from tho road and ono wild shriek from within, I rushed forward, and turning ovor tho head, looked upon the faoo of the fallen man. It was not a new one to mo. Though changed and seamed and white now in death, I recognised it at onco. It Was that of Edwin Urquhart. This noon I took down the sign whioh hoB swung for twenty years over my front door. ' 1 Happy-Go -Lucky is scarcely tiie namo for an inn acoureed by so many horrors. Feebuart 3, 1792. This week I have fulfilled tbe threat of years ago, I liava had the oak parlor and its hideous adjunct torn from my house. Now, perhaps I can sleep. \- habgh 16. News from Honors. The distant rela tive. who 8uoaeaded to tho estates and the title of tlie Marquis de la Roohe-Gnyon has fallen a victim to the gnillotino, Would this have been the fate of Ho- nora's husband had ho forsaken hor and returned home ? There is reason to bo- liovo it. At all events, she finds herself greatly comforted by this news for the sacrifice whioh her husband made to his love, and no longer regrets the oxile to whioh he has been forced to submit for her sake. Wonderful, wonderful Provi dence I I view its workings with rcnowed awo evory day, September 6, 1795. I ha vo.been f rom homo. I have boen . of change, of brightness, of. free and cheerful living, and I oan sottlo down now in this old and fast decaying inn with somothing olso to think about than ruin and fearful retribution. I liavo boon visiting Madame Do Fon- tnine. Sho wished mo to come, I think, that I might see how amply her married lifo had fulfilled tho promise of iter courtship days. Though she and ber noble husband live in peaceful retire ment, and without many of the appurte- naaoec of woaltli, they _ find such re sources of delight in oaoh other's com panionship that it would bo hard for tho most exacting witness of their mutual felicity to wish thum any different fate, or to desire for them any wider field of aooial infiuenoc. ' Tho marquis — I shall always call him thuB— hns found a friend, in Genoral Washington, and though ho is never aeon at the President's receptions, or mingles his voice in the councils of hiB adopted oountry, there are evidences constantly apponring of tho confidence roposod in him by this groat man, whioh oannot but add to the exile's contentment and satis faction. Honors has developed into a grand beauty. Tho melancholy which lior un. happy memories have necessarily infused into her countenance have givon depth to her expression, which wob always sweet and frequently touching. She looks like a queen; but liko a queen who has known not only grief, but love. Thore is nothing of despair in hor glance, rather a lofty hope, and whon her affec tions are touched, or her enthusiasm rousod, sho smiles with such a heavenly brightness in her countenance, :that I think' there is no fairer woman in the world, as I am assured there is none worthier. Ilor husband agrees witli mo in this opinion, and is so happy that she snid to mo one day : "I 6omotime3 wondor how my heart succeeds in holding the joy which Heaven lias seen fit to grant me. In it I rend the fo-giveness of God for tho unutterable sins of my parents ; and although tho shadows will come, und do come, when ever I think upon tho paat, or see a face which, liko yours, recalls memories as bitter as over overwhelmed mi innocent girl in her first youth, I find that, witli ovcry year of Jove and peaceful living, tho darkness grows Icsb, ns if, somewhere in tho boundless heavens, tho morcy of God was muking itself felt in tho heart of her. who once callod herself my mother." And hearing her speak thus, I felt my own breast lose something of the oppres sion which had hitherto weighed it down. And. ns tho days passod, and I ex perienced moro and more of tho true peace that comos with perfect lovo and perfect trust, I found my tears turned to rejoicing, nnd tho story of my regrets into songs of hopo. And bo I havo come back comforted and at rest. If thero are yot ghosts haunting tho old inn, I do not see them, and though . its walls are dismantled, its custom gone, and its renown a thing of the past, I can still sit on its grass-grown doorstep and roam through its fast de caying corridors without discovering any blaokor shadow followincr mo than that of my own figure, bont now with ago, and only held upright by tho firmness of tho little cane with which I strive to give aid to my tottoring nnd uncertain stops. Tho grace of God has fallen ut last 'upon tho Happy-Go-Lucky Inn. . (TIIE END.) Sydney Smith has given us the following recipe for making every day happy : When you rise in tbo morning, form a resolution to make tho day a happy, one to a fellow- creature. It is easily done ; a leit-off gar ment to tho man who needs it, a kind word to tho sorrowful, an encouraging r-xprorsion to the striving, trifles in thamselve? »i light as air, will do it, at least for tho 2-1 floors ; and it yon aro young, depond upon it, it will toll when you arc old, and if you ore old, it will send you gently and happily down tho stream of human time to eternity. By the meat simple and arithmetical sum, look at the reenlt : Yon send one person, only one, happily through the dsy — that is 305 in the course ot the year ; and Buppoaiug you livo only 40 years altar sommsnsisg that ccurec of medicine, you havo made 14,600 human beings happy, at all ovonts for a time. Now, is not this eimplo? It is too short for a sermon, too homely for ethios, too easily aa- campliehed for you to say ; " I wonld if I could." Guests — -It is always "ratlicr" BtaitHng when a guest turns fractione on tbe hands of her entertninors,who in oil likelihood dothoir beet to pleaso. Such a lapse of good manners may bo patioatly ondurod ; but the only pleas ant feature of suoh a visit is tbo day of de parture. People of this cert are not agreeable anywhere ; they are out on the bias and will always be a little askow. But tbe person of average good- nature and intelligence can, by observing several rules, at least avoid being poBitivoly tadious, if not at all times enter taining. 'When cxpeoting to bo mot at the station, be sure and state the day of tho week as well as month, and the train ou whioh you will arrive. Be sure to send the letter soveral days in advance, especially if to tho oountry; it may save you a day of woary waiting at somo out-of-the-way plaoe. One should adjust taste, Bight, smell, eto., to the different conditions of tho homes she visits. It is far from pleasant to feol that our guest has, with tho plummet-lino of her su perior wiudom, fathomed our shallows in do mestic economy or family government, found a disagreeable odor or discovered the "skele ton " in our olosot. Again, make it a point to eat breakfsot with tho family, no matter how early tho hour, though your houtess in sists that you "noed not do it." You have nmplo time for an afternoon nap. Do not follow your friend about while sho is busy with domeatio duties. Ohooao that time for a quiet ramble, or lotter writing in your own room. Do not havo your personal be longings strewn ell ovor it or over the bouse. 8omo visitors who aro very uotional about their apartments whon at homo, still act as though thoy had Bpeoisl lioonuo to keep thoir friends' spare room in a pandomonio state. When leaving, be sure tho room is in perfect order. Do not put your clothes into the family wash unlcBO certain ii will not inaom- mode; evon than always pay tho sorvant, if ono is keptt It in only the ignorant who attempt to entertain their friends tho entixo day; it is very annoying. Leave them awhile eaoh day for their private xoflcotions and duties. A truly polite gnest will try to be equally agreosbla to eaoh member of tho family, and by noticing nemo awkward or shy child may do mnoli tov/ards developing hor. Sho Bhould never oxpaiiato ou her aohes and pains, her domostio infelicities and the liko gloomy topics ; oruponk much of hor rich relatives, how thoy do in tho aity, ber trip to a foreign land, eto. Modesty suggests subjects with a Bmall i. People visiting in the oity should endeavor to drees tastefully, tboagh thoir means may dictate extreme simplicity. It will add materially to their enjoyment as wall as that of their friends. A neat, atylieh travelling suit, a wrapper, for morning, and an afternoon dross, with a oboioo variety hf neok garniture, will make ono presentable in almost any eooiety for a short visit. Those visiting in the country should bo careful not to make a foolish dis play of their finery. Tokens ot love and re membrance, however eimplo, aro always pleasant; end it ib always well to remember tbo servants. Last, if yoa desire yonr Btay to be an agreeable visit rather than a Visitation, do not stay too long, Xukp your depart are . whiHyom.JjiimacjHestiJi-jaoJibttu hx ysn ! dlnxsexaw. ,'_-d 