THE DISAPPEARANCE MR. DERWENT. A MYSTERY. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of “The House hy the Common,” "Wedder* burn’s Will,” “The Westlabea,” &c.; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock 4' Bowden, Ltd. [all bights reserved.] CHAPTER IX. LIZZIE HAS A FRIGHT. Wealth, the political economists tell ns, is the result of labor, abstinence, and risk, Joe Bodger was fulfilling each condition. His labor might almost as well be hard labor; for abstinence, save a few stolen visits to the village inn, he might have been a member of the Blue Ribbon Army ; and as to risk, were not Mrs Cawdrey’s watchful eyeB ever upon him 1 “ What with one blessed thing and another,” he said, with a yawn, “a joker wouldn’t be no worse off on the mill.” This at half-past one o’clock on Saturday morning, as he stood upon a cbair, peering through the hayloft window into the front garden. A quarter of an hour later his at tention became more fixed. He distinctly heard the front door open, and flattening his nose against the pane, risking his neck by standing upon tip-toes, watched until he saw the same stiff, clumsy figure, veiled as closely, her large white hands bare, walk ing back and forth in front of the hall door, j Having formed a theory, he burned to test i it. If she did not quit the garden, he could not effect his purpose; and, judging from paBt experience, it might be some time be fore he fouud another opportunity. Pre sently, ceasing her walk to and fro, she went to the gate, and stood there as if hesitating whether or not to pass through it. . “ That’s all right !” Joe exclaimed. Making up tier mind at laBt, she set forth in the direction of the churchyard ; and, de scending from his perch, Joe struck a match, took a few tools from his tin box, went i downstairs, and stopped outside the draw-; ing-room window. To push back its fastener was the work of a few seconds, and once within the room, ho crept noiselei-Bly toward the door. Easy to force this if it were locked, but not wit-iout leaving traces, and this he felt extremely desirous not to do. His teeth chattered as his cold fingers grasped the handle. The door opened, and with cat-like tre*d Joe stole upstairs, binding the way barred, he retraced hiB steps, and this time approached the door of Owen’s bedroom. Beads of sweat stood upon his forehead, and his kneeB knocked together, aR he stood listening. His next step was full of risk. He felt certain that he should find it empty; but, after all, Joe was but human, his theory might be a mistaken one, and if 0 w« n wero there, his whole game would be inevitably spoiled. Gripping the handle with hiB left hand, his right upon the ‘•jemmy" in his pocket—a handy weapon as well as an in valuable tool—Joe cautiously turned it, and going down upon all-fours, crawled towards the bed with his heart in his month. At its side he stopped, straining his ears to listen. HiB hand trembled as he struck a matoh, shading it so that the light fell upon the bed. It was unoccupied; the clothes had not been disturbed. Upon it lay the black.coat in which Owen had dined. Once safely in bis own room again, he took off his collar, lighted his pipe, and sat down upon the edge of the bed to reflect. What did it all mean 7 Owen’s room empty; the woman prowling about the village! If nobody occupied the upper floor, why all this mystery concerning it 7 Quite conceivably Mrs Cawdrey might convey food and other necessaries upstairs ; yet Joe had been'. Vjjho alert, Sarah also had been observant, from different motives ; and neither had ever seen her pass through the door. Joe was no nearer the solution of the mystery than ever, but of one thing he felt no doubt; there was money in it; there must be money in it—a lot of money. But before he could put the screw on he must see his way a little more clearly. And he determined to stay, and dig in the garden, and clean the boots, and keep his ferret eyes open. The following Monday Florence was alone in the drawing-room when Owen entered, and, after a few casual remarks, inquired about Ann. “ She is much worse,” was the answer. “ She can hardly be left night or day now. Hr. Viret is very anxious.” “ I am sorry,” he said. “ I felt afraid I should n»t hear she was better. You see, it served as an excuse for calling.” “Surely none was necessary, Mr Fair ford !” “ A sop to one’s conscience. It sounds wretchedly weak, yet, nevertheless, it is a fact. I have no business to come.” “ Yet you are here 7” “ One’s very being cries out for a little in dulgence sometimes. Of course, it has to be paid for ; still, one takes the risk." She bade him good-bye, perhaps less cor dially for this last Bpeeoh. He ought not to speak like that. Not that she felt actually annoyed, only it rendered intercouse more difficult. And why had he no business to come to see her 7 And this bemg so, then why did he come? Well, it waB not difficult to gueBs, but she wished the words ittered. Chat evening Ann appeared so much ree that Florence wished to summon Dr. •ef. But the sick woman implored her to ‘Doctoring isn’t any use to me, any re than it was to the dear mistress, Bhe 1\. “ I’m past all that, Miss Floy ; and, nk God, there’s no one here to take yon iv, as they took me from her. It isn’t dying I fear,” she added, presently; ’m not afraid to die ; ODly it’s the pain ves me mad, it does.” Florence yielded so far as not to send for Viret, bnt towards one o’clock Ann be le very restless, and she determined to ay do longer, believing at the moment t the last hour had come. Tow Lizzie, the red-haired housemaid, , born in Rookfield, and had never been ther than ten miles from its church. In t Mr Mogford. senior, had occupied the p’onsible post of grave-digger for a great nber of years. But no amount of famil itv with the village could reconcile her to , expedition to The Laurels at half-past i o’clock in fchp morning which Florence ver, she could pot disobey Miss and leaving a candje burning on ;h6 two carved oak chairs in the opened the door and set forth, rter of an hour later there was a 1 at the bell, and after ronsing the woman of timid temperament, i lest it should be repeated and dis n who now showed a tendency to Bnt to open the door herself, fol Fter a few seconds by the cook en e. To her surprise, she saw Lizzie itep. Rushing frantically into the girl sank down into the unoooupied vered her face with her hands, and i weep hysterically, have not been to Dr. Viret s al exclaimed Florence. ’ ‘ What is the [dn’t go out again to save my own lone Ann’s 1" the girl replied, be r sobs. “0 Lord! I nearly ran atop of her!" “ Ran on the top of whom 7 “ I don’t know, Miss Floy. A great big, foil woman, walking like a ghost or in her sleep.11 Lizzie shivered from head to foot. « She had great white hands—O Lord i— and the face was hid by a veil; and when I •bricked, just give me a look, and walked on, taking no more notice-—" “ For goodness sake,” cried the cook, from the Btaircase, “ do lock the door 1” _ “Not yet,” answered Florence, tryioc hard to speak steadily. “ If—if Ann is not better, I must go myBelf.” But it was a great relief to find Ann asleep on reaching her room, and to bo able to reconcile herself to letting Dr. Viret re main undisturbed till the morning. 