TO-DAY'S TOPICS. Now that the sun goes down rather early, and that it gets pretty dark about the tea hour, strange things are being seen in the rural districts. Thie is not very surprising, for life is frequently very dull in the up country of this colony, and when a man ie proceeding from town on a market day to his residence in the bush any apparent spook or ghostly influence is hailed? as a diversion. And when he has been playing billiards all the afternoon, and negotiated some refresh ment, his optics may discern many things which people who have not been occu pied with these diversions fail to see. It is now stated that a thoroughly truthful citizen of Singleton while pro ceeding home "in the gloaming," tapped a something on the shoulder, thinking that it was a particular friend His hand, howev-r, went through the object, which suddenly vanished. Now lights are being seen around a certain paddock, which is said to be haunted. This field is near the cemetery, a fact which gives that eerie feeling which is necessary to the success of a ghost story. The light is somewhat peculier, it being diffused and thin-very thin indeed. And now the people up Singleton go hunting on foot and in buggies after that strange luminary, for the existence of which no theory has yet been advanced, except that the moon is getting full. The general ideais that the light is connected in some way with the disappearance some years ago of a man who was seen for the last time in the locality. This is one of the events which stir the blood of the inhabitants of the rural dis tries of New South Wales. It is not generally known that a Women's Co-operative Association exists in this colony, its objeot being agriculture, combined with silk onlture. • Apparently the ladies do much work, or at all events inspire others to co operate with them. At Wyee there is a farm on which a good deal has been done, in the face of many diffilulties. The produce grown by the ladies was evidently thought very good by wallabies and bandiceots, but the applica cation of wire fencing and the purchase of a couple of good dogs put an end to the visits of the wanderers from the bush. StrawbErries, oats, peas, and potatoes are cultivated, and it is stated that the holding "looks as well as a Chinaman's garden," which is indeed a high compliment to white people. We know not whether the silk-growing venture will pay. But industry and self-help on the part of either men or women deserve to be recog nised; and we hope that the ladies will be able to make a comfortable livelihood, and show others how that, to many, very diffliult task can be accomplished. There is a good deal of truth in the old saying that out of sight is too often out of mind. Mr. EDDy, Chief Commissioner of Railways, while in this country was a power in the land. His influence may still be felt, for all that is known to the contrary, but at all events it is not apparent. Mr. Esn_ may return to New South Wales, and continue to be the chief official of its railway system. But present appearances certainly do not point to the realisation of this idea The Government are evidently afraid to recommend the payment of a salary of £4000 to Mr. EnnY, and the railway magnate will, it is stated, nob accept another term of office under that amount. Now it is whispered that the Victorian Government waot Mr Ennr as Chief Com missioner of their railways, the profitable conduct of which they have not yet attained unto. Should the gentleman accept the position, and make New South Wales cit up with regard to the Riverina traffic which is nowbeing striven for by the two colonies, the boot would be on the other leg with a venge ance. Newcastle would not object at all to Mr. EnDY going to Victoria. For if' such an arrangement were arrived at the Victorian Government would probably see the necessity for obtaining the best coal at a moderate price, and without inquiring whether it were mined on theirt side of the border ornot. At present, for uec on these railways, only Victorian coals need apply, and a change would be regarded as welcome by Newcastle colliery proprietors. An Edinburgh paper advises British in vestors not to assist the Victorian Govern ment to found a State bank, as such lction would injure, the ezisting banks in that colony. On which, the 8.K Herald re marks that "colonial Governments have not furnished evidence of capacity for more than the special work which ordinarily is supposed to come within the scope of State government." That remark is similar to the sage answer given by a bishop who was asked what an archdeacon's duties were. His Grace answered that an archdeacon was appointed to exercise arch disoonal fuantions. It is further arsued by our Sydney contemporary that for some time past finance has not been a stroag point with the Government of Victoria, and that it ought therefore to refrain from attempting to run a State bank Well, for some time past, finance has not been a strong point with not a few banks both in New South Wales and Vietoria, as their shareholders and depositors well know. Mr. Tuamm has now at all events a good grip of the finances. The out. cry against the 'stablishment of State banks is evidently an Ephesian cry, and, with such large monetary transactions to effect, the State ought to conduct a safe enough bank ing business of its own on a scale larger than that of those which it now manages. According to the testimony of Mr. Joun DAvIus, M.L 0., the Mooreliffe Eye Hos pital is anything but a creditable institution, so far as the buildings in which the Work of healing is carried on are concerned. The surroundings are miserable and filthy, the building is old and dilapidated, and the place is simply walking with vermin. All this, and much mor', was said of it. Yet people come to it ftrm all the colonies, a fact which shows that the work casrred on amid such wretched surroundings is welldone. It is however, very unfair to the patients as well as those who attend them that they should be condemned to stay in a building about which such a bad report is given For the cure of many kinds of eye.trouble cleanliness and healthy. mmouw angs ac . as muck needed •a in other forme of acute disease, and it is therefore high time for a radical alteration to be made in an institution in which such an important and beneficial work is being car ried on. The matter ought to re ceive the attention of the Government, so that a reproach to New South Wales may be wiped away without delay. New Zealand has at last "struck ile," and is to be congratulated accordingly. It is a country rich in mineral products, from pumice stone to kauri gum, as a public orator once stated, although, on the slip being pointed out to him, he barred the gum. From the petroleum bore at Now Plymouth some 160 gallons of oil have been taken, and a number of new companies are engaged in exploit ing the fidld. If it should prove to be something like those in Pennsyl vania or Baku, there will be no occasion for the land of the moa to hide her newly discovered light under a bushel. The oil of New Plymouth will doubtless tend consider ably in the future to calm the troubled waters of Maoriland politics and finance. 