AN INTERESTING STORY. A WESTERN LANDLORD. ———• STOBT BY MABY HAETVELL CATHEKWOOD. tumor. OF " CKAQUE OF DOOM," " OLD CA7EBH X>A?6," ETC., AVD VUM&HOUS; BKMAIIS AND SIOBIBB IN WIDE-AWAKE, LILPPIKCOTL'O, HABPERS', ETC. A YOTJNG village doctor is a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine ease in tho year 1885, or a pair of pill-bags in 1657. But all young doctors are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother. tan was. Instead of bis usual pill-bags, bowevar, he held- & well-stuffed oarpet- saok in his hand aa the hack rambled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in mooulight, whiah threw back a cold, knif«- like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour-mill fell over the hack as it jogged SOTOBS the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-office where the mail bag ought to be delivered. It WAS after 10 o'clock. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his oarpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and weather-hardened being then bumped ahead, over frozen mnd.to the tavern which sppeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for Buoh:timber aa inclosed Millport opened there upon boundless white prairie. In those railroadlesK days Chicago seemed nearly as remote,as China to the inland Iliinoisan. ! Brotherton jumped a glazed mad levee and > mouutea that unpaved path used by the villagers &s; s side walk. ' It led directly across a drug etore porch, upon which he paused,' rapping hard at the door. In time a light ] appeared through. ..the. window, showing candy jars and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork blirost.'thei a: tardy hand .unfastened the door, a man'e voice growling all the time on the other side ; phere and shook hands with his red-Tieaded, f*t partner^ who, actingaa,if tranc^by^p, refastened the door and took up a tin candle-• Btick covered with etalagmitea oi ancient - tauow. I • Layout folks we»? "Yea gu.te w^I. You didn't expect me t 0 » YS- yaCe-d the partner, " I've - i pected you every night. We never inow j when that back will get in any more." j " Ii broke into a slew this side of the Bed i Pump tavern," ea:d Brotherton, " and I j thought for a couple of'hours we'd have to leave it there and, tide tbe horses In," | " You look like you'd been prying a hack outof a /Blew," <j))5grved, 1 h?. partner lowering his candlestick toward Brotherton's muddied and frozen trowsers. " Well, old Vesuvius ia red hot." " Blessed be the devQ that tends her fires," eaid-Bro thai ton. " Now, Doc., now.," remonstrated the redheaded man/nsing the-Western abbreviation, whioh shears away a physician's dignity. He piloted a traok betwixt clustering chairs, left jo&t; as the town loafers were wont to leave them when breaking up daily and sightly court, to a stove at the rear of the store. < Though muddy heel marks and the stains of , many mouths showed unoleansed upon its J cylinder surface, it glowed like a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw off over- i coat, hat and gloves upon a counter and aban ; doned himself to its heat. In a secluded oornor near tne stove appeared cne iciunge-oea whioh his partner had just vacated. A simi- • lar lair in the opposite corner invited the 1 doctor's weary bones, after e jthirty-mile jolt across tho sweep of prairie wind. " It argues,.well for our decency that we retain a little bit of it when we bank about so like dogs, don't it. Baish?" . he —- observed with a laugh, using a village diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all his musings never hit upon. "You're just back from them flesh-pots of luxury the preacher talks about," responded the druggist. " You'd turn up your nose now on oysters cooked in the can arid e't out of tbe .white mortar." ." No, I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. "So if you've got some in ths digging and want a single bite yourself, put on two dans to simmer." " Now, listen to that for extravagance," observed the partner, taking up the candle and going forward in the store. Then he knocked sawdust from^a tin oblong, out the top open with his pocketknife, and reached behind the ipecac jar for a bundle of crackers. Tbe crackers he brought and spread open for Brotherton to munch at, while the can of oysters thawed and then began to leak and sputter upon the stove. "Pepper and salt and a hunk of butter right up there in the white mortar," he suggested. Brotherton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew a little dust ofi its rim. " Don't be so particular," urged Secrist. " I thought it might be tartar emetic," explained the doctor. But you're too good a housekeeper to serve me that , way, Secrist. Just as I come back, too." "Well, now. Doc., tell the truth," orged the fat man, stretching himself in a chair at the other side of the stove and glimmering at bis friend through half shut-eyes. " When you come back -from civil-i-zation to a godforsaken place " like this, don't yon think you're making a fool of yourself ?" '" No, I don't," rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting on the.pounter begide his garments, and his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. ~ • "This ia experience. I like experience, and I -don't 'dike hanging by the eyelids. A man c%n be h^depmg himself here while be would collapse to nothing waiting for practice in a city. It k'nt such a god-forsaken place, either." "A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday jiight. Mud and &lush; up to yonr eyes in winter. Ague all fall." " That suits me," Baid Brotherton. Secrist sneered on : "Preaching only once a month in tbe school-house at early candle-lighting." " There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than you do," laughed tiie doctor. O, I ain't saying the ruffianly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough for. me," ebuckM the druggist. " I'm only wondering how a Mlow of your stamp can stand it," What's happened now?" " Nothing," replied the druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter and got a piece of wrapping psper for the purpi>se of lifting the hat can. " Here; hold your bowl." " Won't you have some yourself, Bush ? The old tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam hath first." " No, I'd rather have some sleep." " You're not going to bunk down without telling me all the news ? " " Ho." said the fat man, slowly. " What news could we scare up, do you reckon, though, in the two weeks you've been' gone?" "Bat yon were gnashing about ruffianly gangs. There haven't been any horse thieveg through?" Seorist uttered & negative giunt, sitting on the side o! his couch. " I was only thinking of old Hiram Dixon." *' No one has killed him ? " " No, responded Seorist, with a dissatisfied snuffle. " I know it's yonr silent, ceaseless petition that somebody will kill him," chuckled the doctor, dipping up his oysters from the white mortar with a broken-handled pewter spoon. " Baishy, these are a comfort in adversity. You better have some." " Everybody says he killed a man onpe,' ? continued Secrist, leaning forward and .resting his arms on his kneee. " Euby Stirling's husb&nd; and him went north together, and Stirling never was seen alive afterwards." " Tea, I've heard yon tell that story a dozen ti$M," firatberton. «p«lyiog himself to his eoup with the zest o>. an nungry man. "JBat .E'iby doosn'fc believe it. Stirling's body was found_whpie and untampered with at a hotel. Heart disease, congestion, a man's. initusH of himself that fools don't know-how to describe with a name. And if you men euspeoted Dixon why didn't you haul him op before tbe courts aud investigate?" " It was talked of," replied Secrist, despondently. " But he hud his explanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." " Eahy's well, is ehe ?" As Brotherton made this inquiry he threw a quick side glance at his partner. " I thought I heard somebody knock," 1 said the druggiBt, turning his head in his palms and listening. The fire whispered. Without the frosty wind swept over village and wood and lost itself in the vastnesa of the prairie. There was a euddon fqueal and Boampering in the wall behind Brotherton. " It's nothing but that old rat," said he. " You'll let that old rat live to see hia children's children' to the last generation, before you'il give him a button." " I wish somebody'd give me a button that'd make me sleep to-night," exclaimed the druggist. " I ain't shut my eyeB since dusk." " You were so drowsy y oa could hardly open the door," declared the doctor. " I was pretendin' to be easy on you, like," explained his partner, painfully. " Jerome, there has something happened since ycu went away." " What ? " exolaimed Brotherton, feeling his temples expand with large pulse beats. " It isn't anything about old Hiram Dixon—or Biiby ? " " Was you in downright earnest about her, Jerome ? " "I intend to marry her, that's all," answered the doctor, antagonism coming tc the front in his face. " Doc., Baby's dead." " She isn't J " exclaimed Brotherton, leaping up. . "Doc., Bhe's dead.* Automatically Brotherton rubbed his finger, through the riogs which his soup bowl made* .„„„„ „„.- , , - . .,. 6 ^ ^ » f™ ,h .™°> bUed ^ b/which Secret could have reached him quicU!y Un IesB ho had* drivm out £ meet SocriBt. a ^ proceeding in recital, grew in volume upon his ear. "Biamfcold HiDizon'fi picture! He would hava put her ia the gro Un d t W el ve hoarder ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Brotherton grated his nails against the wooden counter. " When did she die ? " " A Friday morning five days ago. X said you ought to of been here -all along," nronouncea Becriat impressively, gazing with oqmmieer&tion; at the pallid young man. « They aay it was like this: She was pUving with little Nate and tossing np a ball. When the ball went into the air-she was alive and well, and when it touched the floorshe was a dead woman. Doc, the color didn't go out of her checks .and she stayed warm. They put her between featber beds, and all the other doctors in town tried their beet to hring her to, but it wasn't no use. I don't believe they kuew what it was." ]' '"-She She hasn't been been ? " demanded Brotherton quiokly, coming forward and setting his foot on the pedestal of the etove. _ The boot leather smoked, and he watched it as if his hopes were exhaling in the smoke, "No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early tomorrow forenoon. He say's he kept her '^Ser now th& u anybody ever was kept in Millport." " He won't have a funeral while there's the Bl i S bte8 ' doubt" I •*' No, he won't have any more funeral than b ® 0811 help. He'll just pop her in the ground < an( * done with it. He's helping dig the g 1 ®* 0 . to-night to save expense, and a .nice eajsy job they have of it the way the ground's froze. The women say be got the cheapest oofiin that could be bought," continued Secrist,' dropping his facts like pebbles into Brothertop'fi boiling mind. " Baby's boy will come into his hands now. And by the time that boy is 21 years old, if. Hiratn Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain acquainted with Hiram Dixon. It's most all in land, and easy to trustee out of the hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doo." •« No, you go to bed and sleep," replied the doctor, who having muffled himself, was changing medicines in his pill bags for others on; the shelves. «• I'll go up with you," said the fat man bringiog forth his own garments. " You'll have a tussle with old Qitain. If he'sdug her grave and she isn't dead he'll bury he. • anyhow." The wind blew out of the north like mobile and invisible ice. Secrist tied his red woollen comforter in another , knot under his ohin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as. causeway, and across this they walked siqgly to avoid the rough, frozen mud. A hut of logs, opening by a latch-string, nnd a weather-boarded domicile, with the door at tbe rear, were close neighVours. There were two or three brick houses of some pretensions, inolosed by palings, and a barred asd silent general store, which in daylight divided patronage with one a* Vze other end of the village. On rising ground stood the tavern; a halfcisj, place where tbe traveller might brace himself for the blerft ride northward. How many a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow road in his jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ocean of snow. Then, however, he carried cosy, warm thoughts within his wraps and furs, which kept him exhilarated. To-night the north ifoad was the bleakest track he had ever eeen. Wanderers on the prairie would bo sure to perish; or, should they escape, what comfort could they find in to-morrow, anyhow? Opposite the tavern, across a small ravine, and upon a hill stood the largest house in the town. A road curved around it and crawled down into the dark woods. It was, however, the meanest-looking house in the town, its size only emphasizing its dilapidation. The hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with silver plating certain ancient garments bulging through broken panes, the crazy asbe rattled, and loose, unplanted weather-boarding clapped responsively. Secrist and the dootor, waiting for admia mon before steps on which they dare not stand both at once, heard the wind howling through this hollow mansion as if its vacant chambers were built only for that purocse. Brotherton's chief wish had been to takeBuby outof this place into a home of his own making. She was still so much a little girl that he never realized her widowhood on her maturity. Her ohild seemed a young brother whom he wonld adopt for love of her. It forever puzzled him that a creature like Buby, naturally refined and alive to everything beautiful, should be cast in her lot and bound torthe people who held her. The heredity which gave dark-eyed daughters with childish bands and feet and living souls to jMrs.' Dixon's like could not be accounted for^bymedical science. Mrs. - Dixon was still afoot and let tbe young men into her unfurnished hall. Naked stair-steps and gaunt bannieters, against whioh their shadows \fere thrown by thgi moon, eeemed to welcome ^heig cosgeni&l; ghosts. One disoouraged candle burned in the square room where moBt of the living was done, and where dying was to be consummated; for there in the corner stood the marble-like oblong pE shee^ ^retched over the tops pf qhai^s, eonuealirig what was held beneath them upon the cooling board. Near by, also upheld by two chairs, waited a blaok coffin, bulging near the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong shqdder darted through the doctor at this sight, ^hiph must bave been pa common to him. Tyyo other wcigen were watching with Baby. One of them, the landlady of the tavern, came forward to meet her two bcarden, and shook hands with the doctor. She was payable and portly, and talked in a [ hoarse whisper. Being the dead gitl's Aunt Ruby Ann, she waB there to command. Mrs. Dixon eat down in a remote corner with her sun-bonnet over her eyes. She waa a very thin cteature, having calico garments which hung upon her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on account of this immovable sunbounet, and it W&B; believed she would die without naving ever fully shown her face. She was not deaf, yet when she made one of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people «houted to her in return. The major part of her time was evidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiram Dixon for her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse for this. Aunt Buby Ann put a splint- bottomed chair and the one rocker before a sooted and eaye-like fireplace where some green sticks were weeping uponrusty fire-dogs. The dootor set his pUl-bags and hat npon the splint-bottomed chair, and the landlady nnderstandiog-him, took up the.candle, During their conference her voice never rose above the. hoarse whisper proper to the occasion. Did. you git word 1" she inquired, " Not until Secrist told me, after I got out of the hack." "I am glad you're on band, for he's r'arin* around to bury ber whether or no." She cast a look of contempt at- bar ..sister who could keep a husband in no better subjection than Hiram Dixon waa kept. - " I give her up, and then agin' I go and *'try once more with feathers nnder her nose ftnd a looking glasB neld to her mouth. I can mighty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of that, neither." jSeeing that Brotherton did not lift the corner of the sheet-sarcophagus, Annt Buby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Baby by the yellow tongue of the candle. Shrouds were just passing out of use then, so Baby was clad in- her best dress of thin, black silk, the sleeves flowing away from. her. elbows and leaving her arms protected by muslin undersleevee. A broad' collar of needlework was turned down well towards her Bhoulders and fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and white cameo pin. Her delicate iace was not yet pinched or sunken, its unusual whiteness seeming merely to deepen the darkness of her hoir. The minute blue tracery of her eyelid veins and the network on her temples caught the gaze of one who studied her. A- suggestion of colour like auroral light appeared upon her lips and cheeks. " She looks nat'ral, dira't she, Doo?" whispered the landlady with emphatic hoarseness. " Yes," replied Brptberton, getting down UDOU his knees And applying hia ear to her chest and hear " She didn't ear which nor t'other, but down she tumbled," shouted Mrs. Dixon from ber corner, turning the mouth of her sun- . bonnet upward from a trance of meditation, and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. Brotherton and the landlady held a conference which ended in much trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs. Dixon sat silent, and saw ber daughter's body transferred to a table, with a pail of water beside it, and the doctor's morocco case of instruments glittering beneath the feeble candle light. Secrist poked the fire and kept his face strictly chimney ward. At the table long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard ex* pression, and the quick gesture with which the back of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. " Three doctors has give her up," she shouted, and agiin dropped her sunbonnet mouth, leaving the fact to hit its mark. There was a clock screwed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by ohains. It [had the piteous air of dragging its own viscera, and was altogether such an incomplete clock as the master of such a house might desire; but its iron hands keptpaoe* with time, and they indicated that Brotherton had been experimenting more than an nour when the pat of naked feet became irregularly distinct on the naked stairs, and the sitting-room door was thrown open BO wide as to bump against Mr. Dixon's knees. "What,did you git up for, Nate?" whispered the landlady, meeting -him and lifting bim to sit on the curve of her arm. The child was in a .linsey dress, under which scant draping he cuddled his legs, while he searched the groiip.around the table .with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. " Her and Nate was tossin 4 the ball together md smgin' Lord Lovel," shouted Mrs. Dixon. She bent her sunbonneted head once more and sat motionless, as if waiting to be reloaded. The landlady turned her face from the table and carried Mm around to the doctor. "How do you do, Nate? said Brotherton, taking one of hia ague-tinted claws and kissing it. " I want my maw, wept out Nate, putting op his trembling under-lip.. "Call her," said Brotherton, taking the child, upon his own arm. " Maw, O, maw I" called Nate. "O, I'm afraid upstairs alone. Make her wake, Docker B utterton 1" The young man moved one one of Bubv'a arms. ' " If you can't rouse her, Nate, she's beyond the reach of love and despair. Call her again." "Doc., Doc.I" remonstrated the landlady. " If you set him to takin' on we never will git him peacefied again." " And out of her bosom grew a red, red rose, and out of his'n grew a briar," shouted Mrs. Dixon. Her knees being again threatened by the opening door, she drew herself tegethei as if collapsing. It was an old man who came in. He fixijd the glare to blue goggles upon the. table. His iron grey hair met with iron-grey beard upon his cheek- bones and formed a shaggy ourtain reaching his Bhoulders. As if sun, rain end many seasons' wear had not done their worst for his ancient and ill-favoured <^o$hipg, be was freshly glazed with frozen mud stains, and his dark paws were yellowed by clay quite to tbe frayed coat sleeve. Shutting the door so that a responsive shudder ran through the whole house, he demanded at once: " Who's ameddlin' with that corpse?" "The State of Illinois," replied Secrist from the fire-place. " The State of Illinois can get out of my house then," said the old man, wagging his hoary sh^g. I don't keep a medical college.- " Hiram Dixon," spoke out the landlady, ain't you willin' every means Bhould be tried to see if life's left in Baby ?" "I am," said the druggist, "and I'm the oonstable," " You can't bury her to- morrow,Mr Dixon," I'll bury her to-morrow as sure as the sun rises," said old Hiram Dixon. " 4nd I Snowed you couldn't tell a dead woman from a live one." He came forward in his usual stooped and dtiffened posture, and Nate, with one arm around tbe doctor'a neck, watched him fearfully. "I'll bury her to- morrow,and I'll fasten hex up in her coffin now, to keep meddlers out And I'll set on it the rest <5$ the time if nothing else'll do." " Hiram Wson, a» you possessed r •' cried q,\it Ruby's aunt tiet him alone," said the dootor, whitening through his lips," only see that she's moved decently." Keep your dirty, clayey hands ofi, then,' dictated the landlady, " and let Seekers and Doc. Smith's wife and me put her in." " They grew and tbey grew to the churcb steeple top, and there they couldn't get no higher," flouted Mrs. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the ceiling over the heads of her discordant inm£.tea. Whatever emotion she, felt at seeing her daughter's body placed in its lost receptacle was concealed within the muzzle of the sunbonnet and made no explosive escape. tf ; "Now I hope you're satisfied,"' taid Annt Buby Ann to the old man, begriming to weep and wring her nose between her thumb and one finger, when the last crocklLpg fold of Ruby's drapery was straight. ««if they've all, even to Doo. Brotherton, give her up, I s'pose I'll have to." " I'll be satisfied when tne sorews is dm? to place," replied Hiram Dixon, fitting ther lid with-such callous-exactness that aheJalfc herself impelled to add wfth biting censure: I " I believe youtf like tefnave Nate in theny «oo," y -The old man looked, np, andjus;spgS*Mle« in the dim light seemed to flame like wolTi eyes. He waa exasperated to a poji^t tejondj ttis endurance, and Nate's linsey drerf WM: / within-easy reach. One of the boy's:ban f9fef-< j clenched a round of tbe chair which supported Baby's head, as he lifted himself up to look! ! down ather; , , " 111 put bim in,-"'said old Hiram, praSWng the boy, and inBtantly the shingles on tha. roof seemed rent by JgattSa, W^W^jglii £ mother. 'Borne muffled itmnd mbgleff^rafcl the noise he mads, and the dootor being first! to reach him was the first to eee Buby'e opern ey<*. : : : He waa.holding net ohild under ope of ms arms and lifting her tieaSi with the iither, when Mrs. Dixon fired ofi the conclusion of that doggeral hallad with which her mip&h;*a -':'/. been eo heavily charged by Bubj's last rep«« titionofit: j •• Ana tnere tney enH/ined in r trhe lonri fenot for all true covers to admire, 'mizo, 'mire; for all trse lovers to admiro." : TrajlKions of Buby Stirling's trance still linger about Millport. You may yet hear how she tried to move, but <&rald; not; iisif ' •• > Brotherton let Hiram Dixon do bis worst m order to test the effect of a shock, and howha took her away after their marriage, keeping Hiram* Dixon utterly remote from herself and her eon thenceforward. A high school building to-day oocupies the bill where She ,oML frrase Btood,^an& Bnby'a unpleasant stepfather has lain for yearafrostlocked and' grass-bound, in .tbe outgrown grave.y&rd;, .-his .wife—presamably with her. sun bonnet over her eyea^beside him. The railroad and telephone ,eonneot Millport with all the world, and the'^oWn ean hardly be> / lieve euoh tales told ofjts early youth. > 