CONCERT AT KELSO. I For the purpose of raising money to augment tho funds of the Kelso Cricket. Club, a highly successful and enjoyable concert was given to a good audience at that place last night. «The best musical talent was procured for the occasion, and the entertainment wan held in the Con T»A«f .QnVt/\n1rA/im lir.d llPPn kind I V placed at the disposal ;'of the manage ment by Father Flanagan. The prime movers in tho affair were a committee consisting of Mr. Rocklifxe, who proved a capital stage manager, and Messrs J. Rivett, and E. J. McMenamin, both of whom displayed great activity in attend ing to their various duties. The pro gramme presented was composed of popular and attractive numbers, all of which were greatly appre ciated by the audience. Miss Hay ward opened the coucert with an well played overture on the piano, and Mr. C. Coombes came next with a comic song, ' At Trinity Church,' for which he was encored. ' Daddy won't buy me a sweetheart ' was sung by Mis3 Alma Dennis, and Miss Jagoe was well greeted in ' Love's last appeal.' Mr. Tnrroll succeeded in gaining an encore for the 1 Alabama coon,' and this was followed by a sweet rendering of the ' Island of dreams ' by Miss Campbell. ? The vil lage blacksmith' was vigorously sung by Mr. W. H. Hudson, who was recalled. Mr. A. W. Juncker's popular song, 'I was dreaming,' was given by Miss Don nelly with such feeling as to bring forth an enthusiastic applause, and Mr. Kite, whoso appearance was the signal for a round of applanse, also produced an emphatic recall by a fine interpretation of ' The ghost on the brain.' Tho second part commenced with an overture by Miss Hayward. ? The King's Highway ' was given by Mr. C. Y. Naylor with great effect, while ' When We Meet,' in the hands of Miss Donnelly, was a successful rendering. Master Davis danced a sailor's hornpipe in good style to the accompaniment of Miss Mortimor, and the next item, a vocal duet by Messrs .C. V. Naylor and W. H. Hudson, pleased the audience immensely. Mr. C. Combes' ' 'E Dunno Whfii-fi 'fi Ave ' exeited loud anrlause and an encore, and little Miss Dennis was also brought back for a nice rendering of ' Old Mr. Potter.' Mr. Hudson gave ' Speed On,' and Mr. Kite gave the audi ence a treat with one of his favorite songs. L-Jiss Kite acted as accompanist, in which position she exhibited skill and artistic taste. Mis3 Mortimer also nicely played some of the accompani ments. At the conclusion of the con cert, Mr. J. Rivett. on behalf of tho committee, heartily thanked the audience for their attendance and very liberal ap planse, and Father Flanagan for having kindly lent the Convent School for the occasion. He also thanked the per formers for *.heir apsisance, and trusted that the funds of the Kelso Cricket Club would benefit from the entertain ment. As a fitting wind-up to the pro ceedings, a very pleasant dance was held till a late hour. 