CHARLOTTE CORDAY. A memorable woman stands upon the scaffold, not this time in white, but in the red smock of a murderess. It is Charlotte Corday, born d'Armans; and she has killed Marat. If ever murder were justifiable, it was this assassination. The sternest moralist cannot refrain from admiring this high-souled, undaunted girl; for the murder that she commited is elevated far above an ordinary crime. She was impelled neither by lust of gain, nor by jealousy, nor by ordinary hate ; and she only slew a monster in order to save unhappy France from wholesale slaughter. Shortly before his end Marat had screeched a demand for 3,500 victims at Lyons, for 3,000 at Marseilles, for 28,000 at Parie, and for even 300,000 in Brittany and in Calvados. No wonder that Danton, Camille Desmoulins, and Robespierre went to see this extraordinary and most resolute young woman, whose motive had drugged her conscience, and who neither denied her act nor sought to escape its consequences. She was beheaded at 7.30 in the July summer evening. Calm-eyed and composed she went to death, but she turned pale for a moment when first she caught sight of the guillotine. " I killed one man to save a hundred thousand, a villain to save innocents, a savage wild beast, to give repose to my country." Never has murder found so noble an excuse, and she was only twenty-five. After the execution, the manhood of the Jacobin tyrants caused the headsman and his valets "de rechercher sur les restes encore chauds de Charlotte les traces de vice, dont les calomniateurs voulaient la flétrir. On ne constata que la pareté de son corps dans cette profanation de la beauté et de la mort."—The Quarterly Review. GLEANINGS. The Queen never removes from her hand the three rings connected with her courtship and marriage. One is the simple little enamel ring set with a diamond, which Prince Albert gave her when she was quite & child; the other is her betrothal ring, a snake of emeralds ; and the third her wedding ring, a plain, narrow band. A piece of evidence in a Quebec breach of promise case was a cuff with an offer of marriage written on it. One night while the defendant was holding the plaintiff's hand and whispering fervid words, he popped the question in manuscript on the smooth linen of her wrist, she was sentimental or shrewd enough to keep that article out of the wash, and it has proved of practical value. The Queen does not approve of latchkeys. Tho young Princesses of Wales, so the story goes, recently resided at Buckingham Palace, and to avoid the formalities of the Royal entrance they asked to be supplied with latchkeys in order to let themselves out and in by a sidedoor. The matter was laid before the Queen, who sent word to the Princesses that she considered latchkeys out of place at Buckingham Palace. An Australian correspondent of Woman writes:—"I have taken the liberty of forwarding to you for publication (if you think fit) a photo of one of Australia's remarkable women, Mrs. George Smith, of the yacht Skettybelle, who is the wife of a well-known pearlsheller here; she is well known for her courage as a sailor, and handles the schooner in fair weather or foul with great ability; the fleet of pearlshelling boats owned by Mr. Smith has worked between Western Australia, the Gulf of Carpentaria, and Torres Straits, and Mrs. Smith is the first white woman ever seen by the natives along these wild shores, having often been sufficiently courageous to go ashore and witness their weird dances where no trader or missionary has ever set foot as yet. Mrs. Smith not only is capable of successfully handling her husband's yacht, but is also a charming hostess, and when the Australian squadron arrived here in August, 1891, a great deal of the responsibility of the entertainments devolved on her." There is no more determined foe to the new woman movement than Emperor William. He is of the opinion that the mission of the weaker sex is to act as the helpmate to man, to offer to him in all things, and to confine herself to purely domestic duties and occupations. 'All the new-fangled theories with regard to emancipation and equality he regards with the same degree of hostility and aversion as he does socialism and anarchism. No one need be surprised, therefore, to hear that the leaders of the woman's emancipation movement in Berlin have been arrested, brought before Magistrates, and mulcted in heavy fines for being members of an unlawful Society. It seems that in times gone by, when the New Woman was an undetermined element, and the fair sex content to remain subservient to man, a law was enacted prohibiting women and minors from belonging to any political Society, the women being placed thereby on the same intellectual level as children. It is this antiquated statute of the last century that has been resurrected in order to nip in the bud the woman suffrage agitation in Germany. The upper circles in Russia at first looked upon the young Tsarina's expressions of interest in the education of women as a mere passing fad. Now, by her husband's orders, Her Majesty is furnished by the Director- General of Education with periodical reports on the work done in the Empress Maria Institution, whioh was founded by the Dowager Empress for the advancement of female education in Russia. When that important functionary presented his first report in person the young Empress proceeded to cross-examine him closely on the details of the work, and soon discovered that he knew nothing of it. The Director now finds himself in a somewhat awkward position, having made an elaborate report on the present work of a certain educational institution which he has since learnt was abolished more than two years ago. An indignant American woman has been vigorously using her pen to attack the social shame of America—those of New York in particular. She says:—"This is the day of shams. I know a woman who is supposed to entertain lavishly, yet who rarely receives a guest. I call her funotions 'ghost parties,' because they are only the shadows of the substance, the event itself being purely imaginary. Why, that woman has gained her reputation for entertaining, and has received no end of dinner invitations on absolutely nothing at all! I have suspected her tactics for some time, and now I am quite sure that what I assert is, indeed, true—that in nine cases out of ten her dinners are purely imaginary. She has a clever way of finding out who is engaged, to whom, and then she asks people who she knows cannot come to her house, and so scores to her social account, with no other outlay than her crested paper and dainty seal." Mr. Sweater, in his " Precious Stones and Gems,"says:—"A special stone was worn for each month, thus—in January, the hyacinth ; February, amethyst; March, jasper; April, sapphire; May, agate; June, emerald; July, onyx; August, cornelian ; September, ohrysolite; October, beryl; November, topaz; December, ruby." Some years ago the ???? ???? printed a list of the gems which are sacred to the different months and the language of each. It was to this effect— January, garnet, constancy and fidelity in every engagement; February, amethyst, a preventive of violent passions; March, blood-stone, courage, wisdom, and firmness in affliction; April, diamond, faith, innocence, and virginity; May, emerald, discovers false friends and ensures true love; June, agate, long life, health, and prosperity; July, ruby, discovers poisons and corrects evils resulting from mistaken friendship; August, sardonyx, conjugal felicity; September, sapphire, frees from enchantment and denotes repentance; Ootober, opal, denotes hope and sharpens the sight and faith of the possessor : November, topaz, fidelity and friendship, and prevents bad dreams ; December, turquoise, gives success, especially in love. These are very good examples, but others could be found. 