SOLVED BY TIME. A STORY OF THE EUREKA STOCKADE. :BY JAS. CROZIER, B.A. [All Rights Reserved.j ========================= "Thae folk are in a hit of a hurry," sail Malcolm. "Aye," laughed Anderson, "I fancy Ith troopers are out on licence hunting.' " Damn that, I sty, an' wi a big d- , tao; It's too hai?d that the men shoull hae to pay for liber ty to work, anid wha haeo Iwy to pay I Nchbody that has ony right to tal: tI, it money." "And wha.t is the Governmlllent to do 1" "No governn:ei thatt beolongs onythling ilrcetish ran I .r: 4.1y ltniuness to tax wlout pe{ople'e nin to??men?. Why, man, it hilts Iein set!t,,I for us mair thant six htunnecr y'ars ,ye, o I lIn a' out o' my reckoning if: thne I, '?'r 'hiels are the men to stan" iljuslic . " Traps ! traps ! Joe !" were tho shouts nIow heard echling through the long reaches and glades of the iush. Presently a big tall man burst into view, rtuiunr g as fast as his loegs couhl carry him, and riding at full gallop a tloopcr rushes in pursuit. "That's Slhanlaghan," saidl Allderon. " I knew him as sOOll as I caulght sight of hiim. Joe hIas as munch chance of ovorhlauliug him as a streak of sun beam." " le'l, I for one hope he may get off. Eh, tman, but he can use his! ebauks." They had now descended the hill some distance, when they came unexpectedly on a scene which roused all the ire of the old Scotchimrn. There war a little tent raised under one of those gaunt, skeleton. like gums which give such a dreary aspect to the bush. They stand up in their white and ragged nakedness like the columns of ruined and deserted temples, with the remain4 of withered and for -otten garlands fluttering iu the wind. The tent was a shabby concer n, but round it were collected a group of troopers and foot police that weore worthy of attention. The troopers evidently enjoyed their business, aln four or five brawny fellows I'andcuffed together w( re the fruits of their chase. Still they were not con tented. The sergeant I:tl dismounted, and was at the entrance of the tent calling the "d-- d wretches" out that he might see their licences. There were only two imen in the tent, one of them the owner, who was ill, and the other a man who had only comce to ace him, and if possible help him. " Your licence, you infernal scamp," the Pergeant shouted, as one of the men catel out. "llHero it is," said the owner. " Now, I supose I can go back. lt can hardly standY." "Stand, andd be d----dl You will stand heroe as long as I want you. Trooper Lord, ace where that other ghost is. Were the e not two" of you in the tent when I carn ulp P' "That's. my lusiness," said the man, who naturally resented the tone in which he was addressed. "Yohir ,usiness," roared the sergeant. "Then, by 0- , I'll devilish soon make it miine," and he seized the unfortunate fellow by the neck and shook him furiously. Presently Trooper Lord came out with another man. " Sergeant," Paid he, " this man has no lirere lie says he is a servant of Dr. Pirie's." w "'.Uli with him, and on with" tle =dar. bier," shouted the sergeaut' Who 'was a ruffian of the typo then common. " Pirie or no Pirie, he comes with us." " Why, that's Gregory," said Mr. Andrnron, "Jimmie's man" Gregory attempted an explanation Ai am not a digger, and have nothing to do with digLing, sergeant, and why sho'ld you take me 1" "Stop your j.tw, or I'll gag you. I'll show you how we do at Forest Creek." Mr. Andelron and Jock could stand it no longer, and rode forward. "I can assure you, sergeant," said the former, "that what this man states is perfectly correct, He is Dr. Pirio's gloom, and does not dig. lie is, you see, olyu a smnall man, and has no appearance of a digger." ' D)- n Dr. Pirie, and you too ? I havq taken the man because he has no licenrce, and 'll hold him too." " liut what you arp doing is plainly 'a Stow tibt hash. If you don't shut up deuced quick I'll chuck the darbies on you tro. lie shall go, and before lie gets r,:llnd thy mnont will find the use of his i 'l, l, I11 go hail." Tl'e ttopllr leiz" l the poor fellow by t e. cnllar, and draggedl him over to his lhor,,, p oceeeding to tie hiiu to the saddle by a rope carried by these gentry for that litt? po(se. "\Why\' t! is is monstrous," .id Mlr. Andet -on. Joack to.,,: his mull from his pocket and lhadl a i.Iouns pinch. "'I1t ri,' an sure that chleil never hcarl. o' SI .lha ('harta ill his school days." SI:ut I cannot have thoe poor fellow itaglpedl over the country in that way. lie will bIe dead before he goes a mile." "l'.tter lh.tuld a can1'l to Ileetlebub. s c what that fule o' it sergeanit wants in hIto Ies. T'l'I hawbeRs gang a lang road wi' fellows o' hit: st.?aip." " I nuppo e that is th,' best thing to do, I i i. I!:: tith itlie to have to do such a t: ,ing in a ftr .' ,,'intiy.'" . frt ee, ::ry," Jock said with a c1 l.h. "It I; e .~ ew ?:;t o' freedom tIn." 1, . In 1ri ,il ho!! the cadloe to R i :. . J .? ? t ti l: , t' .tb .lt what bail I1t s: 1: ,t. f - t l nta'n itappear ntco i f :, C I i i it.:irr .tht l i'thleo , alnd l £5 n,,t* !!,tý .IItu .it' ' 4 t:?tl. I o i ,t olll'n O de I !: t tt!, !'' i tolll ty in the hergeanc t',ii t o: , , pi or ll'i'0' L: th !l counii onii.oio r ti,' :,e t da.y, ai ,l , I. r Pirio wtac preen t Ito is. tl, t thil t theti tcan was notI , ant i, of laving no licence r.:. il.dtl,si a~n, iut ':, was tfined £5 for a 5.ttlting th, i lic:' in the execution of thi, t duly. l.,:"- iutl t haet beaten a c,i:d of to T, t,, ,pct rode or" at a trot with thtit captives hanlcuffed, ,anti eit ..ed at thoe sIto lpvac as the horses " \ ' 1," si ':, " t!,t y tell't me I'd i'e kf'i g?te 'It''! '.- ift li rei, but that is iair tl.:, Oiny ' ',,:..il ,l moi would alht' ln n, in b , h;b',i t othtul." Mr'. Anidi:. i w.as evi ltie indlignant. lie had Il c, i t .r ,,?li wiit! scanlt ctilllt esy, ptoll'y I,:n i.0 c sa stratnger, and Slrtt !.to a t it twa. enoighi to u l . titt I. , I ,C ,:1;,n ' 1 boil. 4 `2D 41 Honest,thard.working Englishmen were treated like felons, and left at the mercy of a body of police utterly demoralised by the licence given them by their sdperiors. The sluatter was decidldly pushed out of his groove by the incident. He must have read about the high-handed pro. ceedings of the, .lacks.in.office, and his sympathios were decidedly against the victims 1,1" w'a, however, an eminently fair and mist man, and whenl he was brought p.- nally into contact with these wronas SIl;.brdl by a free-spirited, intelligent, an I mran!y people his pro. jutdi?es received a violent shock. " I never could have believed it," he said to his friend as they rode rapidly in the direction of i. allarat, ', I never could have believed it if I `hadn't seen it with my own eyes. It is simply monstrous." "lhoot, mon, it will gio and soon retmely itsl', ouy sometimes the remedy is waiur than the disease Bet I'll no say that things dinna look had. The men winna sthrl for ever being taxed and harriod. An' if they turn against it they may be, beaten, but they'll all win in the end. But whaur does friend Jamie live amang a' these tents and pit holes ?" " O, Jam?es has built a nmausion of his own He is doctoring all and sundry that come to him. The diggers cannot make him out, lie is so careless about money-not the spending of it, but the taking of it. Alice is simply adored by them, and bho says the admiration is not one-sided. You only saw her when she was a little thing. You will be surprised to see what a splendid woman she has become. She is James's right hand." "Aye, aye ! J!idi was always a care ful chap, and got the best o' every thing. It wad he a wonner indeed if hadna found a giid wife. I'm glad o't, an' only wish Tam may foll'n sick a guid example." "Tom knows what he is doing, you may be sure." " And do you think you ken- what 'Iho is doing," Jock asked with a.laugh. ' I don't, you alnd m will hbe; to. look after a' our yotngsters," and both the muen laughed as they dismounted before a large weatherboard house, over. the'gate of which.. was a 'ig platoe with the inscription.on it:' "I)r: Pirie, physician and surgeon;" CIIAPTER XXII. Alice well deserved the high compli. ment passed on her by her uncle. She was really a splendid womanl--the maiden beauty had dleveloped into the charming matron. The matronly honors were only fresh on her brow, but she boreo them with more than the pridu of ai quneen. When the two gentlemen entered Dr. Pirie's she received her uncle with all the expressions of affection. " O, dear uncle I am delighted to see you. How are t1idylall at dear Blythe field 1 Why have you not brot?glit: ome of them with you 1'' "My dear, I have brought iani old friend of yours. Of course you know who he is." "Of course I should, even if I had not known he was not in the colony. I have many strong reasons for not for getting Mr. Malcolmn, even if he were not one of my husband's best friends, and the father of my dear frieind Tom. Welcomie tb Australia, Mr. Malcolm.; weshall do our very Lest to make ;you at home amongst us. I almost envy Blythefield that it has got possession of you first." " Weel, weel, Jamie was no fulo suie eneuch," said the old gentleman, kissing her, ".to think that the wee weepin' lassie that I saw last should. turn out such a queen amang wimmen 1" i "Oh, Mr. Malcolm, you must not renew our acquaintance with such out rageous compliments. But,"-she spoke in a saddened tone, laying her hand' on' his arm-" the wee ' w?eping lassie ' will never forget the goodness and kinduess'of one true stranger friend, But come, I am not going to look back on anything tLba would darken the bright present. Look at my little nest. It is not a duck of a home 1" It was a pretty place indeed, 'ad' beautifully situated. There was a ver. dant clump of watt'es immediately behind the house, forming a background of everlasting green. In the front;"thie ground sloped a little abruptly to the banks of the Yarroweo, and was covered with long green grass not yet touched to, yellow by the ardor of the sun. The view: was glorious, bounded on one side by the moss of Buninyong, and on the other by the "feathered" crest of Warrenheip. It is strange how, even in the savage mind, there is often a vein of poetry which finds expreseion in the names which embody a conception of the beautiful. Whbat words c;ulil describe the crested ioun tain better than Warrenhelip, the hill of the " cmu feathers," or liuninyong, the mountain of "the knee," when the im agination can picture it a mighty giant resting with the kueo drawn up in repose I The Australian aboriginal was a savage, and a low savage, liut even ho caught a glimpse of the great soul in iature. Alice was an aldmirable hostess. Dr. Pirie was not at hom. Ilis plractice was a larges as wellas a lucrative one le hadl begun by toleratiug colonial lifte, and ended by enjoymig it. It was all so differ ent from what he lhadl auticilpated; so .tifferent, too, frorn his old selfish and useless life in Tondln, that he had foundl a fresh zest is existence, a renewal of his youthful ambition, not to become great an?l exaltedl, liut usefull. Andl in this ho was alurirably secondedll by her whom hie hadl chosen as hiis wife,. She was indleed a mat". lie camine in hiomtly after the arrival of his frieunds. Of co's,-. his greeting was cordial in the xtriu'm. IHe hadl a genuiune reu..rdl anol afection for his cousin Jock, whose keen, shrewd, and vigorous mind hil lie thought contrastedl with his orwn ralther epicurean chasrac. tar. "So, Jock," said the doctor, "you have found your way out here, as I thought you were bound to ldo. \lbhero the carrion is there will the eagles be gathlered together." " Why you reprobate, d'ye unesn to say that its any !fter the c.l'riuu I came hero I Or mayelo ye are c. upr'in' tl? wiv' yin o' thlao ig lirds that l abiout that black hill lhevsut. "There are are eose l ie.sts oi the whn than hig birds I ln'it like thi look ot thiinge hir at .u!l ii?' :',,?, aod they will go worse bf~fti they ,U , vihuu better." 20 42 