'Acoun'8 Ghost.' Whtton Races to-day. Dirliagtnn Paint Races on Boxing Day. Fire Brigade Sports t .ke pluco oq Boxing D»y. Pony owners and Bicyclists will basr in mind lhat nominations cl -se for No» Years meeting, with the promoter Mr Fciat on Rat.nrHitv. Jimmy Armstrung, whilst playing cricket on Saturday in the-pwfc met with &u; acci dent. JTe was iu t'ie* outfield, anl while running for *. catch slipped, the ball struck him on the cheek bone infliotiug a nasty wound; which- we are glad to say «s in no way Berious.. ' The Doke of Portland has Nothing in hia' stable likely to play a promiuent part in next three-year-old rjces. Fort's little effort last Siturd&y; hat brought him into prominence for tha Rand 'wiuk^cup?, aud he wi i run well. Mr Forrester has a fair share of bad 't'-.k with hi- horses. Warminisier had to be — ?. shot last week after br-jating his back. Moatyu is going in great form at Fleming ton. G. Stebbin^s has ridden the winner of the Tasmaiiian Da.-bf five times. The race was only established in 1S88. Here is a nice sjriot o{ spot-barred bre iks,- fven for a game of 24.000 up— 311, 315, 329, 33-2. 346, 382, 383, 385, 390, S95, 430, 437, 441, 453, 473, 609 und 610 I Those were mide by the champion, Roberta, ** against his old antagonist, W. J. PeaK, and ' under the circumstaioe? it is oo woader that the latter was defeated even though he did have 9000 start, aad play a good .game into the bargain MrChas. M. T. Hart writes from Adelaide that prize No. }0j, th; Pet Girl fitly, in th* St Mnans lottery, was won by the Dachess of Portland. The filly has been placed in Mr H-rt's hasis, bat he does not kaoir yet what is to lie done with her. Mr 3. Redfearn is breaking in a coupla of twoyRar-oI is, one by Trenton from Maid of Honour, and a full sister to Malvolio. The Victorian jockey T. Darby, was cautioned t,y the T.R.C. stewards f -r hia riding-of Orpheus in tbe Tasmmian Derby. Oa tbe Fountain Ferry traok, Loaisiiile, A. Gardiner, -ib 4th November, -ttads-vaiil* in lmin 42'&5s -c with -a .flying vtart. 'H* had two quadrnple paeinj-msohini* to*elp him. - ? & Prenuh doctor who has been studying the eff- cts of cycling on women Bods the g-neral result most lieieficial. With reginl . to the mental diseip'ine encouraged by the use of the bieycls, be btlieves tint the woman's powers of attcitian and obsarra tioi are awakened in an extmorJinary de gree through cycling. The fallowing bare been selected to repre sent New 'South Wales in the approaching intercolonial cricket matches at Adelaide an I Me'bonrne : — Gregory, Kelly, Donnas, M-Kenzie, Ir-dale. Turner, M'Klbiio, Howell, Walters, Toull. OouW, bewail. Mn^srs B' nee, 'IVott, nod L?vei, who *fleot teams for Victoria. clw»e the eleven on Toes ? - -Uy to meet New: South Wales in Bosini; Day. Toe team is composed of — W. Bruce, . B. M'Leod, C. M'Oad, B. Graham, K. Trnmble, M. Roche. F. Larer, P. I^wia. J. Harry, A. E. Trott, H. Trott. Emer gency — S. Donahoo. At Saadoivo oo Saturday week Pickles won the Flvm/t Handicap,. Eildm bems;. second and iJoonA third. ?- The grey c&tried; Sat 31b, oaf vat second favorus' at 7 to 2 against. 