NEFWS IN BRIEF \------ Two rather lengthy letters are held over The London wool sales still maintain a firm tendency. About 230 head of cattle will be shipped at Sydney on Monday for the English market. Ballarat has been losing some old resi- dents lately. Mr Joe. Leggo, the well- known brewer, died on Wednesday. A miner, named W. Nye, a resident of Steiglitz, was crushed to death by a fall of debris at Egerton on Tuesday. A very bad case of diptheria has been cured at the Hamilton Hospital by the use of anti-toxin. A stonebreeker named John Mack, 60 years of age, resident of Baninyong, fell down and died on the roadside while going to his work. A phonetic seciety to introduce spelling by sound has been started in Melbourne, with Mr Deakin, M.L.A., as its first chair- man. Tenders for leasing a valuable dairy farm at Warrions containing 201 acres will be received by Messrs J. G. Johnstone and Co until Saturday. Mr Harwood, dentist, visits Colac on Saturday, when he may be consulted at Mr Wheeler's, Murray Street, with whom appointments may be made. The growth of oil seeds promises to be one of the leading features of the Bairnsdale district, as upwards of 2500 acres have been guaranteed to be devoted to it next season. The Wealth of Nations mine has been floated in London, capital £200,000. It is reported that the shares were over sub- scribed, and £50,000 is allotted as working capital. The directors of the Broken Hill mine are of opinion that the great fire has been practically smothered. It is probable that work will be resumed to-day. Messrs J. Caldow, Allan McDonald, Andrew McDonald, M. E. McEvitt and G. Richmond have been appointed trustees of the football and recreation reserve at Winchelsea. Wm. Sewell, employed on behalf of Messrs W. W. Greener and Co to watch the premises occupied by the Abrahamses, was detected walking away with a Greener gun, and was arrested. The case against the rider of Cerberus in the last Grand National Steeplechase (Thos. S. Dean) for cruelty to the horse during the race was dismissed at the Flemington Court on Tuesday. A derelict life- buoy has been found on the beach near Warrnambool. Search has been made along the beach for any person that might have been cast ashore, but no one was found. The Warrnambool fire fiend is at work again. On Monday night he attempted to burn down a stationer's shop, when a con- flagration was narrowly averted. As usual, the police are inquiring. In the pigeon shooting contest for £100 a-side, between Mr J. L. Purves, the well- known Q.C., and Mr Clements, of Sydney, the former won, killing 67 birds to his opponent's 60. John Woodford Hyland, alias Professor De Leo Hautmont, charged with supply ing noxious drugs with illegal intent, has been discharged, the jury returning a verdict of acquittal. Clara Jeffrey has been committed for trial for concealment of birth of a child, borne in Prahran, curiously enough in the house next door to that in which Deeming murdered Emily Mather. Mr Rowan, P.M.. dismissed a charge of allowing a drunken man upon licensed premises brought against a Beechworth publican, on the ground that the man had been found in the hotel stable which was not part of the licensed premises. Joe McShane, the captain of the Geelong team, has been disqualified for two Satur- days for " slinging " Stuckey (of Essendon) in the recent match with that team. Several Geelong players were injured, but nothing was said about this. Good progress is being made with the spreading of metal in the township, and it is expected that the whole of the work will be completed to-day. The metal obtain- able has been spread in the most necessi- tuous places, and should help to maintain the roads for some time. Town clerk and Shire secretaries through- out the colony have received a circular from the Minister of Public Works to the effect that it is intended to obtain an Order- in-Council fixing the remuneration to be paid to local municipal auditors at one guinea and a half per day for every day they are actually engaged auditing. We can hardly agree with Mr Baker's action in voting for the higher duties on sugar, which affects the poorer classes to a considerable extent. Mr Baker argues that now is not the time to, reduce duties, but when will the time be. Government raised about £250,000 annually out of the sugar duties, although men are out of em- ployment on all sides. A shocking accident took place at Bruthen on Monday. The victim was a farmer named Preston. While he was engaged in blasting logs with dynamite, a charge of that material prematurely exploded. The result was to literally blow the man into pieces. Fragments of his body were sub- sequently picked up a hundred yards away from the centre of the explosion. A " ghost " is creating widespread terror in the suburbs of Melbourne, many women and children having the wits almost scared out of them. The apparition hops about a few yards on either side of the person he is frightening, and suddenly unfolds a phos- phorised breast with the significant in scriptions "Prepare to meet thy doom" and "I have come for you," etc. An extensive conflagration took place during the small hours of Monday morning in the city of Hamburg. A watchman's lamp by some means set a conflagration going in a spirit warehouse, and despite all the efforts put forth the building and its con- tents were completely destroyed. One of the firemen met with an accident and lost his life. The damage is estimated at a million marks (nearly £50,000). The great outcry raised some months since about the harsh means adopted by the Lands Department in collecting arrears of selectors' rents appears after all to have been nothing but a political "dodge." As a matter of fact the selectors have not been pressed for arrears, and these are larger now than they have ever been, amounting to £658,294 for the year 1894-95. The whole of this money is outstanding. At the Birregurra police court on Wed- nesday, before Dr Hayman and Mr W. Sherren, J.P., W. H. Pengilley proceeded against John Bartlett for £9 8s 2d, balance due on promissory note, and an order was made for the amount with 10s costs, H. Vinning sued J. Leach for the recovery of £3 -4s -4d, goods sold, a verdict being given for the sum claimed with 5s costs, Mr Winter brought in a bill in the Assembly on Wednesday to extend the hours of polling at borough elections from 5 to 7 o'clock. An amendment was moved by the Attorney-General that the bill apply to shires as well, and in this form it was eventually passed. Some of the Conserva- tive members endeavored to make out that it would only benefit the publicans, but it was shown that many, workng men were debarred from voting by the poll closing too early. 