R NI 1 .JJJ- r H - T ^ _ j 1 Ring Ircilcvich h liuse. A Story of Throe Mysterious Cold Pipoes— The Ktiward R o lived by a Dutiful Son. How the Dear Old Mother's Letter louched (tie lleArt of Her Sot* ' •ri- ign—Days ot l'ecoo and plenty That Camo Because a Lad Honored Ilia Mother. One summer morning, a great maDJ years ago, a boy was lying uound asleep on a ben oh in one of tho rooms at Sans-Souci (the country palace of the King ol Prussia) with all his clothes on. Very gay clothos they wt re, from the trim blue jacket, with its embroidoed cuiTi and shining brans buttons, down to ihc t-mart shoec, with their wullpolifhcd t-tvel buckles. But tho poor little fellows face was not as gay as his dress by any meatiH. It looked sadly pale, and as worn und tired as if he had boen up all night. Ho indeed he bad, for tough old King Frederick, who oould work from four in the morning till ten at night without seeming a bit worse, sometimes forgot that his poor little page- boy was not us itrong as hiuiKolf, and would often keep him on duty till Karl fell asleep from sheer fatigue, just as he appeared to have done now. All at once a bell rang sharply in the next room. At that signal the page ought to have jumpod up and gone in to receive his orders for the day, as he had to tho first thing every morning, no matter at what hour he had gone to bed. Hut ho was so fast aslcop that he nover heard it; and tbe bell run;; again etill more sharply without anv answer. Then the door of the inner room opened, and out came a very strange figure indeed. It was a small, lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform coat and u pair of long riding boots, whioh looked as though they had not been cleaned for a month ; and as if ho were not uutidy enough already, be bad smeared the whole front of his coat with a luff, whioh fell off in tlakeB whenever he moved. His faoe might have been carved in stone, so cold and hard did it look ; but in the miditt of it there gleamed an eye BO clear and bright and piercing that it scorned to go right through every one upon whom it rested. But for this commandingglauce one would most likely havo takin him for a beggar, and have wondered what business such a slovenly old fellow oould have in the palace at all. Jiut in reality this queer, shabby little old man was no other than Kii g Krcdt riak of Prussia himself, the greuir>et Gon< ral and statesman iu tbe world, and famous throughout all Europe under the name of ' Frederiok tbe Great." One oould eee by the flash of his eye and the set of his hard old mouth, as be cams striding out, that he was very angry at being kept waiting, and that a terrible scolding awaited the poor little page, who lay sleeping there so peacefully, knowing nothing at all about it. But as the King's eye fell upon tbe lad's nnoonsoious faoe biB mood seemed to obange. " Hum 1" muttered he, with the very ghost of a smile flickering over hie iron face. "How famously the young dug sleeps 1 I only wish I could have such a nap now and then. One can see that he hasn't got to worry himself about governing five millions of men, or carrying cn war against five nations at onoe. Hal what's this?" A orumpled sheet of coarse paper, which seemed to have dropped from Karl's hand, was lying on the floor beside him. The King picked it up, and these were tbe first words that oaught his eyo, written in tbe shaky, straggling hand of a very feeble ' old woman ; " I thank you muob, my dear ohild, for tbe money that you have bo kindly sent me, which has been a great help. Take your old mother's blessing for it, and see that you always do your best to be a worthy and faithful servant to our master, tbe King, whom Uod bless and preserve." As he read that simple mnpsage the soldier-king's grim face softened an no one had ever Been it toften before. Perhaps the memory of his own mother, dead yrarH ago, rose up in his mind once more ; perhaps be was touched by the old woman's prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this had been tbe boy's last thought before be fell asleep. " Were all my subjects like that," ho murmured; " 1 ?hould be tbe luckiest King in Europe. And so he has been saving money from his wages (and poor enough wages they are, I am sure) to Bend to his mother f Well done, my boy; thou art a true Prussian 1" At that moment Karl moved Blightly, as if about to awake. Tbe King noticed it, and a new idea appeared to strike bim, which must have been a droll one from the momentary twinkle tbat lighted up his stern eyes. " Yes, that will be the best way," said he to himself, " and a fine surprise it will be to bim." Stepping baok into the room whence he had issued (whioh certainly had very little " royal luxury" about it, for it was almost as bare as a cattle-shed, with no furniture save a battered deal table and a broken chair). Frederick hunted in the table drawer till he rummaged out a well-worn writing case, from one of the pockets of whioh he took three gold coins. These he slipped into the page's pocket along with the letter, taking great oare not to awake him in doing bo. Then be rang hia bell violently and called out: ! " Karl, oome her6 1" The sharp, stern voice effeotiAlIy roused, our hero, who started up at once, and drewj baok in dismay as he saw Frederick's keen eyes fixed upon bim. " Pardon, your majesty, pardon I" stammered he. " I was—" " Never mind about that just now," interrupted the King. " Come in here and get your orders." As Karl sprang eagerly toward to obey, tbe money, wbioh had been put losely into bis pocket, rolled out again, and fell ringing and ohinking upon tbe floor. " Hello, young man I" oried Frederick, " you ought to be a good deal richer than I am if you oan afford to fling your money about like that." "Oh, sire I" cried the boy, imploringly, " I don't know anything about this money, I don't indeed! Somebody must have meant to ruin me by putting it into my pocket, and then saying that I bad stolen it." " No," said the King, gravely, "that money is God's gift to vou, to help you in assisting ycur mother. Write and tell her that I know all about her, and that I'll take care of her, and you, too." And King Frederiok kept his word. t 