THE PRIEST'S OVERCOAT. ' Hurry on, thin, Molly, asthore, or his riverence will be gone, and we can't get buckled this day," said Paddy Rafferty to a buxom, rosy-cheeked girl trudging beside him. " Shure, thin, Paddy, it's but nine and tin pence we have got, and he'll never marry us for that," "Well, agra, we'll give him the chance any way; and shure enough here we are at the chapel." :The 'lenlered, the man 'looked sheepish, twirling his hat nervously, whilst the girl, now that.the decisive moment had arrived, walked with a free, firm step into the sacristy. ' Father Doherty was just preparing to leave. SHallo,'Muilyl :what do you want?. Paddy, my boy, it'snot thinking of marrying you are? he shouted'in stentorian tones. He was abirlyiman; red faiedand corpulefit. '!Shure. thin, it's just that, and nothing else, .would you believe it your riverence; I hai?l'inme here to get tied to Molly.".'. ' . " .Hu-hun-bumhave you got the money ?" ,'Weil, father, you see, I could only scrape together,nie and.tei'pence: We're poor folk, ytrhonour,t si, so perhaps' you'll do it for ;that'?$ s 1 ý T ..- I - ý - -A. -. .... ' " My fee is a pound, Paddy Rafferty; well you know it, you ruffian. Not apenny leas." "Oh then, lather", here put in Molly, ilain tively, "I pawned ,me only other gofwn for three shillings and sorry a stitch I have, nor Paddy either, except what we have got on us. Shure you won't,be hard on us." "Borrow it'from sonie of :?our-eighb6ours, I will not perfo&r; the' ceremony for a penny less. There'inow, don't cry, there's a good girl, I'll give you a quarter of an hour to raise the money; so be,off with you."... - He seated himseif in a comfortable chair, took out his breviary, and was soon deep in prayer. After.atout twenty minutes the pair returned with radiant faces. . "IIere, father, is the balance," cried 'Molly, as she triumphantly pr&lduced; a bright half sovereign and two dirty coppers. The priest siniled benignly. "Well, well, my children, Iiam very pleased indeed to be the instrument,'inder provideince, ofl" uniting you two in holy matrimony." ' .' SHe went thioigh the ceremony, and when it was over, Molly approached-himtimidly, fingering something nervosuly,'i"Am I mar ried fast and certain now,-father ?" she asked anxiously." ,*' " "As fast as Holy Church can tie you,. my child, even I cannot undo now whatIt-have justdone. You''e Paddy Rafferty's'wifetill death," he answered, benevolently patting her dark hair. , ?: ' , " You're shure, father ?' sh deranded again.' I. . ' - 1 % -P.'f r . , 'ti. ;. S"Certain. rll swear it if you like," jo cosely. "I wish you joy, my children; and now I'll be off., L.- - "Stop a bit, I have something for you, we are imarried safe now, anyhow, and here's the ticket:yer honour." The ghost of a smile curled Molly's full lips, and her black eyes twinkled mischievously as she handed him the paper she had been fiddling with. "What the-what is the meaning of this?" asked Father Doherty, sternly. He turned-to Rafferty for an explanation. "Shure then, father-would you believe it? but Molly her took yre honour's overcoat, and brought it down to Ould Byrne, the pawn broker round the comer, and, by me squl, she popped it'for ter an tupence, and shure there's the ticket for yeruriverence, and ye canget the coat out when you pais thi money.!' ' 