News oí the Churches. ' The health of the Rev. Dr. Gilchrist, o£ St. John's Presbyterian Church, Padding ton, improved considerably during the past week. The "Wyalong. News" says: The friends of the Rev. J. T. Evans will no doubt be pleased to learn that he is progressing splendidly. A new Baptist Church has recently been opened on Petrie Terrace, Brisbane (Q.), the accommodation being for four hun dred adults. .Professor Momerie returned from Tas mania to Sydney last week, and during his; visit the doctor preached at Hobart and Launceston. . . The sum of flOOO was left by the late Mrs.-Talbot, of North Shore, Sydney, to the Presbyterian -Home Missionary fund of New. South Wales. ' Mr. A. P. Cameron, B.A., a son of the Rev; A.'?- Cameron, of Glen Innes; has been licensed by the Presbytery of Sydney as a preacher of the Gospel. M. Faure, the new President of the French Republic, is the first Protestant who has held the position of head of the Government in France. The Rev. J. J. Wilson, Anglican clergy man, residing at Canowindra, in the Dio cese of Bathurst, has been registered for the celebration of marriages. The Presbyterian congregation of Minmi have given a call to the Rev. P. M'Queen, of Armidale, which has been sustained by the Presbytery of the Hunter. Mr. W. Gunn, L.R.C.P., &c;, of the New Hebrides mission, has been ordained by the Edinburgh Free Church Presbytery, while on a visit to Scotland. The Presbyterian congregation of Glen Innes has decided to give a call to the Rev. Alexander Fraser, of Jamestown (S.A.), as successor to the Rev. R. Kay. The Rev. George Stewart, of Tumut, has intimated hs .intention of resigning the Presbyterian charge of that town, with the view of returning to Scotland. The Rev. F. Witherby, who is acting as locum tenens for the Rev. G. F. Rushforth, of Stroud, during his visit to England, has been registered for the celebralon of mar riages. Two young ladies, both natives of Bur rowa, were, professed at. the Convent of Mercy, Bourke-street, Goulburn, on Janu ary 15, Bishop Lanigan' presiding at the ceremony. It has been arranged that the Rev. A. E. Hockey shall continue in charge of Hughendon parish (N.Q.), until Easter, when Canon Edwards will enter upon the incumbency. The Rev. Father Curley is" to carry on the parish work at Wagga Wagga, relin quished with much regret by Dr. Galla gher, who is returning to St. Patrick's College, Goulburn. The committee of the Baptist Union of New South Wales ls appealing to the Bap tist Churches on behalf of the widow of the Rev. W. Chaseling, who died of typhoid recently at Hinton. The Hamilton and Lambton Presbyterian Church has invited the Rev. C. Bell, of South Melbourne (V.), to become its minis ter, the call being sustained by the Pres bytery of the Hunter. Mother Mary Bernard, foundress and for six years superioress of the first Uusuline Monastery in Australia, died recently at Armidale at the age of 71, after a protract ed and painful! illness. At a very successful meeting, held in St.. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Inverell, on January 17, it was determined to con tinue the services of the Rev. John Ed wards as second minister. The Salvationists are jubilant on the return of, the Commissioner from New Zea land. .The-tour, says the "War Cry," has been a triumphant march, from one end of the islands to the other. The Rev. Father Gray, who bás been transferred from Tumut to Narrandera, was on Friday, January . 18, made the re cipient of a presentation by a large circle of his friends and parishioners. The Rev. H. A. Woodd, B.A., of Gundy, has been appointed to the incumbency of St. Paul's, Murrurundi, vacant by the ap pointment of the Rev. F. B. Grigson, to St. James's, Townsville (N.Q.). The Rev. J. Ward, one of the Moravian missionaries, employed by the Presby terian Federal Assembly in the Batavia .River Mission to the aborigines, has died of fever after twelve days' sickness. The Very Rev. Dr. Gallagher, of Wagga, has consented to resume his old position of president of St. Patrick's College, Goul burn, at the request pf Bishop Lanigan and the whole of the diocesan Catholic clergy. The trustees of the late Miss H. H. Gray, of Double Bay, Sydney, who left flÖOO for distribution among charitable in sttutions, have allotted £25 each to the Labor Hom© and the Echo Home for Inebriates. ' The "War Cry" in an article on "Con verts from the South Seas," concludes \vith thesg words, "If the Army purposes commencing work amongst kanakas, the proper starting place, is Queensland, not The Rev. J. MaeNell, evangelist of the Presbyterian Church, Victoria, has re turned for two months from West Aus tralia, and will conduct several short missions, after which he will return to the gold fields. The late Mr. James M'Grath, of Gun dagai, left £500 to St. Patrick's Church, and his sister, Miss M'Grath, of South .Gundagai, has ; added thereto, at the de ceased's request,, another £500, making £1000 for.the church fund. : . Canon Goodman, of Christ Church, Gee long (V.), recently celebrated the fortieth year of his ministry there. All the con temporaries of his settlement are gone, and for several years he has been the oldest clergyman in the district. The > annual diocesan * retreat for the Catholic clergy of Sydney, was commenced in St. Patrick's College, Manly, on Janu ary 21, the Very Rev. Father O'Farrell, C. SS.R., being appointed by the Cardinal Archbishop to conduct the exercises. The Rev. Father Dorrigan, of St. Mary's, South Brisbane (Q.), left recently for a trip to New Zealand, previous to which he was the recipient of an address and purse ofv sovereigns The Rev. Father Hennessy takes his place for the pre sent. ' A series of "regulations for the removal j of trustees," has been submitted by the ; law agent of the Presbyterian General As ! sembly, Mr. J. A. Aitken, to the "Church property, law, and documents: committee," and recommended for adoption by the as sembly. : Mr. W. Wood, secretary of the Presby^ terian Church Property Committee, has recently obtained thé deeds of thirty- nine j churches, thirty-five manses, one school, :and forty cemeteries, in all one hundred :and fifteen from various parts, of New i South Wales. . ' .. The Primate preached at St. Hilda's Church, Katoomba, on Sunday morning, and in the afternoon confirmed a number ! of candidates. The congregations were small in consequence of the bad weather. Dr. Smith has spent several days on the Mountains during the week. The Rev. T. A. Gordon, for many years minister of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Newcastle, has intimated his de sire to resign,, and the church committee has decided to recommend the congrega tion to seek permission in the usual way to call a colleague and successor. The Rev. Father O'Sullivan, who is col lecting for Catholic Missions in Africa, lately visited New Zealand, from which he has received the sum of £530. He is now on a visit to Tasmania, and leaves for Egypt next month, the total subscriptions from Australia amounting to £4000. The Catholic clergy of the Diocese of Sydney were reminded _by the Cardinal's circular of their obligation to offer three masses for each of the four diocesan clergy who died during the past year-the Rev. Fathers Walsh, Buckley, and Kearney, and the Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy. A branch of the Y.M.C.A. was inau gurated at West Maitland on the .evening of January 15, Mr. p. Walker, the general seretáry, Sydney, and Mr. W. Arnott and Mr. Breckenridge, of Newcastle, taking part in the proceedings, which were very , enthusiastic, a strong association being formed. The Rev. G. Maclnnes, convener of the Presbyterian Church Property, Law, and Documents Committee, at the last session of the .committee stated that the Church Property Amending Act had become law, and he laid on the table a copy of the "Government Gazette" of January 2, 1895, in which it was published. From reports to hand, says the "Metho dist," the interchange of pulpits, which took place in Sydney and the suburbs on Sunday week, "was much appreciated,; and can scarcely fail to be productive of good." It should certainly tend to cul tivate feelings of friendship and unity be tween the Methodist bodies. The Very Rev. Father Treacy, Vicar General of the Diocese of Wilcannia, who has been resident at Hay for the past nine years, is about to make a visit to Europe, leaving by the San Francisco steamer - about the middle of February, previous to which he is to be presented with an address and a purse of sover eigns. , Our contemporary, the ."Independent," under the title of a "Round Table Con ference," is publishing a series of papers on "The Church , and Social Questions," the discussion of which will probably ex tend over four issues of that journal. The Rev. J. Fordyce. M.A., of Sydney, and the Rev. J. C. Kirby, of Port Adelaide, contribute: the two papers this month. . A bazaar was ppehed in the Camperdown Town I-iaJl on the afternoon of January 19, in aid pf the funds of the Camper down .Catholic Church, . Cardinal: Moran performing the opening ceremony. Great Interest has been shown by the parish ioners in uniting to clear off the parochial debt, which stood at £1885, and the bazaar has been continued during the current week. In connection with the recent Church of England Sunday School Institute examina tion for the Diocese of Sydney, only 232 scholars entered and these were from 15 schools, the total num ber in the diocese on the roll being 26,469, and the average attendance 18,504. Of those who entered, 146 passed, 25 in the first, 54 in the second, and 67 third class. Commissioner Coombs, of the Salvation Army, was in South Australia last week. After the opening of the new head-quarters in Melbourne, January 24 to 28, he is going to West Australia, commencing at . Albany on February 5. The ether dates are: York, February 7; Southern Cross, February 9 and 10; Coolgardie, 12 and 13; Perth, 16; Fremantle, 17; Perth Town Hali, February 18. The Foreign Missions Committee of the Presbyterian General Assembly of New South Wales has received a letter from the Rev. Dr. j. G. Paton respecting the .SUg^ -frï tho New Hefe rides (sanctioned by the Missionary Com mittee of Victoria), but is asking for full information, which is to be considered by a special committee, and reported on to the General Assembly in March. In the »recent hurricane at Fiji tho church buildings at Suva suffered very severely. The native Fijian Church of the Wesleyan Mission was completely wrecked; St. Andrew's, Presbyterian,, was demolished; St. John's, Melanesian,, was wrecked and scattered a considerable distance; and Holy Trinity, Church of England, had half the roof blown away. It is feared that the native churches throughout the group will have suffered very largely^ The report of one of the examiners in the Church of England Sunday School In stitute Scholars' examination, 1894, Diocese of Sydney, says: "The orthography was rather startling in some papers-for in stance Ghost was spelt 'goast' by one child, and 'gost' by others. More sur prising was thc spelling of Jesus several times in one paper 'Jesuses.' Holy, was spelt by several 'wholly.' One child nearly 13 years wrote the seventh com mandment thus-'Thou shalt not commuter dultry!' " , 