SPORTING. 'Avomt'a Ghost.' ^ the St. Allmos JSstate was submitted to auction at Melbourne on i^Vednesiay, n'id was knocked down, o its former owner, Mr W. Ri.Wilson, for'£24,000. Trenton was put u ider the hammer, last we-k and elicited. $7000, bnt was passed in, and is now under offer privately. Carnage has bctni sold privately, the price pallbein; £2006. It is an interesting fact which has escaped the attention of most-j- -rting men that tho three great three-year-olds. Auraria, W.tcr full, and W llace are all descendants of the imported mare Meleiina. The £!eject«d, who won the principal event at Atbury, is a full brother to Silver Rose. Jack o1 Lantern won Ihi) Warwick Farm Han Heap on Saturday, with Bliss second, and i)ozorO'oa third. On Saturday the Victorian Club Handi cap was won by Tbe Buocaneer, with blata nt - seooiri, and .15 third. The Cyj ing Car ,ival commenced in Syd ney on Satu day The Sydney Wheel Race was won by Harking, Hawley second, and Lynch 3. The Half Mile Championship of Australasia was won by Zimmerman by 40 yards from Parsons, with Iredale third. The champion cut out the h .If mile in lmin. 15 3-58BC8. The first Class Handicap was won by Megson, with Parsons second, aud.Payne third. The Narandera continent were 'out of luck ' at Wagga last week. W. J. Brad don's team only managed te run three seconds, two with snip and one wirh n Broke, the iormer jast getting b-aten by a nose in the Selling Rioe, wnioli wis very hard lock. 3. Hoysted, with Waxworks and May lay, had three Starrs, but did not once get a plaee, the course, I believe, being as hard as flint, did not suit their giing. Jim Beok did not start Sunflr, the ha.idi cappec having too high au opinion of his mare, and he has tiken her to Turn it. The racehors? Stromboli is said to \\--s coming bock from America. Mr W. R. Wilson got the 8t Allans Estate much cheaper this week than when he originally purchased it and began to breed there. Hova's time for the last five furlongs of the Flying Stakes was lmin ljieo, and as Walk i« wa- several lengths behind him when the wa ch was started, what sort of «l m must the colt have pat up. ? Tlie £5303 invested oi the twelve starters in the N.Z Cup b*ate the record (put up on the same event las year) for A single race 'n that colony, by £84S. Auraria was drawn in Tattersa.H's 5a sweep by agreiser na^ied L. Spitz on tho Herald, one of the Union Company'* ooHier boats. Chr'us Moore is going to mate another try for his license. Wallace ran tie last mile and a quarter of thu C.B. Fisher Pla e in Sinia 8«ec. Rvniire, whose services were eagerly sought after at one time, did not get a mount during the V.R.C Afeeting. He must sigh for the days of Cirbine. 