A MIRAGE OF MURDER / I'acific-sircet starts in tho slums, and run Aerobe tie city. Tlie highest number upon it is p,G26, and tlie house with wliish this narrative ,duals is No. 4,313. It stands therefore, exactly thalf-way between the abodes of poverty and .wealth. At (he time of the occurrence herein to ibo related, it was kejit as a lodging and board 5ng-place f<r men by Mrs. Juraes I'rowitt, whose long «xpcn incc hail maile her lscen and •wary. Her {,'uct.t? were of all classes and de •ecriptions, men rising from the lower street (frequently m rating at lier table those who were esccndirg from the gentility of the Avenue. f One Oe'.obir morning a young man applied to her for a rocm. She set her little grey eyes . 'sharply upon Lira, vs was her habit, but saw no'.hmg out of the. commonplace. She always divided her patrons it.to three classes—those coming up from near lhc-B»y,those siuldiig from ;tho Avenue, and the stationaiy middle-class. She shrewdly placed this one among the second?, "jclass, but that made little difference to b(ir. EHe was medium in size, with a frank face and a manm r wliich gave her the impression tliat be knew whst lis was about, aiid was exceedingly .wideawake in doing it He said he was a travelling man could furnish good references and gave hie natnc as Harry Mulford. ! Ely third-flour front is vacant," Mrs. Piowitt said, " but I usually get fifteen dollars ft month for it." . . J. " This is entirely satisfactory/' Mulford • replied. *' The price is nothing to me, •l'hougli I shall not occupy the sown more (ban one night a month But I shall waut it kept teidy for tne, though you-are at liberty to use it any night, provided fou do not receive word of. my «omiug before €is o'clock. I shall pay yon in advance, sending you your money • *bj mail: on the last'of niicli month." He' drew rut h!s purse, countcd 15 dollars upon his knee, «nd sd^ed, " Hi-re 5s the Srst month's rent, provided you IcS m$ have the room." ' I ftlrc. >?rowitfc was too keen to let such a cbsnpo elipt End quickly closed the transcation. Her requirement of references had always been a mero form—often a ruse to get trd of an unpromising "applicant. She .did not. therefore, ank Molford far his, considering his money snffioiea% cido-Keoieiit. 1 " It i? probable," said Mulford, as Ee delivered the asoney and rose to leave, " that I- shall notresppear forrtvcralmonths, and if you, r!o not receive fifteen dollars from me near the: first of any raontb, you wiil be at liherty to let; the room. It is likely'that I may send some' one occasionally to occupy the room, baths! wiU always bring a note from me." ' This piece of luck too good for Mrs.; PrftwHt to keep to herself, 'sad it was sboa a; matter for genersl discission around her tables.'. • A man who could affert pay for a room with-' out occupying it was a rarity at No. 4313, and; Mulford becamn a mysteiy. The fimt month, passed, and the third-floor front was unoccupied, except when Mrs. Prowitt quartered a ( transient. Cn the last day of Sirs caonth a registered letter was delivered to her, from which she drew three crisp live dollar bills and a sots' from Mulford, staling that he would soon send a friend to take possession of the room. But when this and several more mouths passed, without other sign or representative of Mulford than the regular letters inclosing the bills, the rental of the upper chamber a sensation. ! At last, howeVer," one wiy December a'fte3= ooon a little old man appesufeit, rripgiag from Mulford a note which stated hif wish that Mrs. Prowitt would place in his roME, the article that iho besrer would deliver, 'and vC-have the apartment kept rcaiy tor occupancy. The little ol£ man was quite odd. ' He was much Dent a-iid very grey. His ;eft eye was blind; but the light, rrstl&SE; anc winkiicg, together? with his! whole couutennice,made Mrs. Prowitt think he: could toll & great jJea! ;tf set minded. He was, not so inhidpd^ hewever; and her questions; ulicittd inly amaseeient tc which his blindness • lent idle appear&r.ee; o_ c^niAtual winking. 1 The article he brcagiM wa? a Jargs, three-'; fold Japanese screen, highly dccorated rati' gilt birds, reptiles^ sad animals disporting Kilves on a sable gr; uud. After the little eta' man had gone, and Mrs. Prowitt had' set the; screen-in Mulford's room, slie wont down to Ihe! ' tables to express her opinion that, a Japanese] icreen -was. n qu:er article for a young man lio' tend, and the boardirs agreed with her so! Strongly as to repair to the apartment to seeped* it. The scrcen was ordiaary, yet ex traordiuary..; and curiosity pley< d nbest ths barabco frame asj trhimsicnlly «b the golden decorat'cns wftbiu ifc.i ' A satchel, or & triple, or a chair wov£d' havo aroused simple "txpeo'atiot; <tiut »j Japanese screen., Uiougi not 'joe^irimfi, in aj bedroom. guggesceft eoro«hing s< der-ided-y oat: 9l the «cmmonplace thai Mulfcid s aayeirE wasi jiwaitedl with livsly interest. A w&tk; t&wem; * and, thnugb. Mrs. Fjowitt feyt gas] hnmiBg la. the evaiings- iasi fresh water put] gk'uiy inte the prtcOer, hu^g ciean toweSfs! ppon Sis rack, aeither Ha-for? not his appeared. '' j | : For. , twelve days ihc saa taew preparatio3amads; hu» upon the thirtesnii Mulioro's iriewi', ; feme. iJ was baVf-past eigbz She maid' >d»nitt?S him ir. the padouf. At this iiour all; tie listers were sat pursuing ihci? va/.'iou^ Mrenfng pastimes, exccpt 'ohu Bayiftr, wto practising npot bw cianone-s is. his .r^Kor-c-: poor rscix, Hrs. Promtt went ia tlie parkmrtrpectit.g tc gnd b /oang mar. rf ibout, iiulford's age, but saf. was surprised to, tee a gcetlcman of probably 00. He' was, bowe7er, well-prcscrveg and active ard' ysBS <Jrtssc<?. vrry much bewc= limn air« one shs; had ever lodged. There ,ws£ an u.imistakabler Avenue about him that not Mrs. Pro-: jfvitt to ^hicbscg she had seen &im; n^lores and; ^to WOTiJeriiig wberc it had been. He raoxied a; bulging bine-bag of h3ay> ^atsrial; at.d Mst WIIQIS"CeatTBg aiid appessaace were those of a] " jftay^wyeff'Mrs.'Prowitt oiade these obscrva-j MonffdisthictJy, as was her habity bqt later oo-j puxxences indented them in her mind. In re. Jating"exactly how tbo old lawyer entered the' parlour, b^ir he talked, and in describing him, tho always had difficulty putting one fact into, Svord?. i Somobow," she always said, " he made me creep. He sat right in front ot me and he seemed (o be there like any other roan, but j£hiT9"~w&s; something or otlu-r about him that jnwde him srem unreal,a kind of strange shadow pf a rich old man I had sienupontheArt'nuc.His jrplof%too, sounded kind and ui.natural ; something liko an ccbo of a real voice speaking away pff fcomewhere, I tbonght at first that he was pidy-abeotit-ininded, but tlio more I looked at liins the more plainly I saw thattlicre was somtv. jthing-ftbout bim I could not explain, and can't jnw, p He gaye h< r a nolo in Mulfor«l's baud, meie- Jyiiitrcducing him as the friind who de.-iied to »ccupy his room for the night, nnd he would .consider it a favour if Mrs. l'rowitt would make J>im comfortable end li t him have sll he might .wish, f Is there anything you want me particularly to do ?" Mrs. 1'rov.itt ttked him. She has ralways laid j:i eat atiess upon the fact that sho observed everything that occurred that night accurately, and has been unvaiying in her narrative. ; Is there a table in the room ?" the lawyer ssked, nbsently. " Yt*s ; Mr. Blulfjrd requested me to put one fnfor him." i •' That is well. Then all I wish is to be entirely cmdistui Led. I have many papers to ex amine to-:jislit,*" he said, tapping the blue bag j" I am engaged on a matter of vast importance to a wealthy ettat", and I shall ask you to see itliat no on^ is admitted to the loom. lam •feaily to go to work now, if ycu plcuse." ! Mr'. Prow;tt showed him to the third floor front, turned up the light, and before leaving, saw him take from the bag a large bundle of pnprrs, tied with pink lape.r.nd l?y them busily upon the table. He th< n pulled up a chair and pat down. Sho noticed that the Japanese scrcen ptood about three feet fiorn the back of bis chair, and about two feet from the windows. Tho weather being cold, the sashrs were down and locked, and the lower inside shutters drawn and latched. There was a slirer descent from the windows to the pavement, wijh no outside ledge below them, so that it was impossible for anyono to have entered tho room through them. Mrs. Promtt has been unwavering in this statement, as well as in declaring that no one was hidden behind thescrernor elsewhere in the room when Bhe admitted the lawyer. It was only a. few minntes after nine when she left the old . man intently engaged over his papers. On her way downstairs she stopped in Mr. Baylor's ro&ns; io tell him that Mulfoid*s friend hud ccme She did so, she has said, not because they had all looke l for him so long, but because the man had given her a queer feeling of dread that sho could not tliruw off. She naturally wondered what could have brought so rich £. lawyer to her house ; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. Sho told Baylor of this strange impression, and of the fact that, while with the oldlawyer in the room, she had a crcepy notion that she was entirely alone, although he had bren plain to her •iyes. She noticed that he walked vigorously, ?-.ut his steps had bceu surprisingly faint, and the pipers had not rattled when he touk'them from the hag. She was vety nervous. She did not believe L*i ghosts, sk? declared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she hat! ever had in her OJUSC. She was afraid something dreadful might- happen, and sbe asked Baylor fco keep his deer open and to walk up the stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to <Io so, and sho left bim. Mil o'clock she hurried back and said : " Would you mind going with me to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outside the door P ± /'ant to know whether that old man is sleeping. I .see from the pavement outside that he has turnc-d the gas 3ut." " That cannot be," Baylor answered, excitedly. " I walked up the stairs not more that five minutes ago saw bis light shining through the trans:iui.'~ " Saw his Ugh. ?" echoed Mrs. Prowitt, in an awed whisper. "It was jiist about five minutes ago that I looked from ihe pavement outsida and bis windows were dark. Are you sure you saw the light ?" : Yes ; but I could cot hear a sound inside the room." Mr. Eaylor, there is something terrible in the air 'io-r.ight, and £ 'lan't tell wh">. it is. Let as go up there and listen." 'hey ascended to Sfuiford's room. Bright light <pas shining through the transom. Mrs.' Frowite knocked tbres -'lime?, but received no answer Then <he eatled,but the room remainid perfectly silent. *-• 5 wrraid like you to look over the transom,' Mr. Baylor/ 1 stie said. «• There is something ra/cbricixs h-ere.'' Eaylor Drought to tfcs door two chairs that weTa ststrfina r» Oh* hail- and, stepping upon ona ; looked through transom. lie started, and asked Mrs.. Prowitt t« gtt upon the other and look. ?hty saw the oid lawyer stilt sitting at the table vith bundles of Isga] papers before him.' de was too deeply engaged to notice, that his long £rey hair had slipped down oner c.*.a f-H-eHead and aimost overhang his eyes. As they footed frox bis jcacetai face to the draisuects before hirri^ Mrs, Fiowifct started yiolent- 'j, cEiignt Baylor's arm, ant. sa^d : /LOOK at his hands. He is making the motions of writii.g, citfcre is no pen in his hand. He She faltered from fright, and Baylor said: " Heia a Ciadma.'., Mrs. Prowitt." " No he is worse than that. He is nttt a real. %an. Something awfui is going to happen toc,igbt, J did no-, qoiie trust iixui aian Mulford. *rom the s'jart. Why ehousfi he have reateS tiiif rocim and act sccopied it, if everything bad bees right. This is terrible. Look here, j "5id you see tbe screen move P " " No, I did not, but " He etoppsd ^abruptly. For ir^o .hands rose' ifroas fcehiad the ecreen, and s catching eta ex-j feme eate. Yi'^eS st fiom the flout, aod earned) it stealthily iowar.de ths oid man. Tfccy verej Vargt and mrjscular s agly and grimy—suchl har-ds as wouiid delve io the slime >>f j Vf icwer s*-rear.. Witb the cxraplioa of sisl iaodc, the person hehinu t&o; Bci'^ea was 'Aid-; until oi had carried it noiselessiy andj teaitliily, it almost WUCUGII tho -aid man'?! ihajr. Tier* th.? hands stepped it, and stood; t sccuveiy ( an-i instantly a hiaid rase from and it. The terrible fav. fceSd the two cat-j <i&e; watchers motionless- The \\-iieness nnd; .VickedDcs.1 of toe slams was grocn£ int-j each; '^utchei asd 'bioftted features. The fcembie; weaturc 1 joked foe somi- minctw cpon tae oid' iswyee wifth t leer mojoe-r^us triumph.Ther. s -^faorribfefmils T.F saSiaf ic^ion, the OIRU :aised his right ^rtn high ever the screien, iii& iirty iia!bz>-liks band clutcbiag a -jagger. Mr. Frcwstt shrank wi'."b a scream fro«: the.' sigi- ir anfi fd;i to a sitting psstora npum htr, hair ; »riie B&ylor;, arcuce-3 w action, potnrasd! apon ths gias? c? t^e tracsos. aud kicked aj»n tt>~ floor, but t-ix old lawyer ^cnce-' icily ^ writing at is table,-and the jiAsnMln was] stayed fai cfs purpose. Wish a rfyift, 8k^^:; xii stroa-s tbe feifa Ml, and B&yior; saw it sick •ato thr lawywer"-3 breast, sav i'-ini writfe upon tts eSair a.ud fe5 to ir,:; 5oor. H:i ieapeO rrom. the «ha;r ^m? thr^w fcimseif aeaii^ps tie £ni,t t. bus iii wiv'sitooc hi? fsrea. J3e=»> 7ie herd, Mrs. Prowitt" an cned.. The iawysr 'its been murdered. Thf. door is locked upon the inside. Help brsak ?fc; in." | Their Tisited strength at last broks tbe iock, and tbe door swung in. Baylor took one step forward, but stopped upon the sill wjth a startled cry. Tbe room waa dark and aile.?x.' No moan or sound of death-struggling camt'. from the murdered iran under the table. A HLatch, Jlrs. Prowitt," be eoid t " for the love of heaven, let us have a light here !" " There is a match-safe over the wash-siana in the corner," gasped the landlady. For a few moments Baylor gropid the! blackness for a match. At last he struck one, aud the gas pufied up. He shrank back against tbe wall by She door. The room was] entirely deserted : the tablo was bare of legal papers ; the screen stood ic its place near the window; and there was no body of a murdered man npor the !ioor, nor any Uood cr other trace of him. The room was precisely as it had been before tbe lawyer came. In the midst of an animated discussion,*at Mrs. Prowitl's table next morning, of the stiauge crime, one of the boarders, who had dready breakfasted and gone out, rushed back with a paper, which, under display head-isucs, told of the brutal murder of Abel Christiansea, jne of the city's noted lawyers. It detailed how he had been sitting in the study at. his home an the avenue, going over some valuable papers in the matter of a vast estate in litigation. The murderer had entered through a window, had crept upon Mr. Christiansen under cover of a Japanese screen that 6tood behind his chair, and had struck him to the heart with a dagger. Tho assassin, who bad escaped with all tbe papers, was supposed to be one of the heirs to the properly aud one of the most dangerous criminals of the slums. About 10 o'clock on the same morning tbe little old man wLo brought the Japanese screen appeared at No. 4313, saying that Mr. MulforJ had sent him for it. " I don't know that I ought to let you have it," said Mrs. Prowitt. " Why not ? " asked the little old man, with a queer twinkle of his unblinded eye. " There was a terrible murder on the Avenue last night by * man who stabbed 8 lawyer from behind a Japanese screen, and I and one of my lodgers saw the vision of a man come from behind Mr. Mulford's screen and kill a strange old man who had come as Mr. Mulford's friend." " It is certainly remarkable," said the little old man, wmkit-g his blind eye ; " but you certainly won't keep Mr. Mulford's screen just because you paw a vigior " " Go up for it, then, for I won't touch it,"' said Mrs. Prowitt. " 1 will be glad to have t' c terrible, thing out of my house. If I wasn't afraid af it I would not let you have it." Wnen tiie little old man reappeared, carrying the screen. 6be said :— " If I could see how there could be any Connection between this screen and the one on the A. senile I would ke»p you here and send for the police." 5 " I don't see what possible connection theld could be,"' said the little old man, ducking iw head sidewisc and squinting at her quizzically. " If I could 1 wouldn't ask you for the screen. But I will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there is, of course I'll come around and tell you. By the way, he saya you need not keep the room for him any longer." And picking up the screen be briskly waited away. 