A EETUBS" TO NATtJEE. j " Be v. Augustine St. Gregory, "Wire J Helen Mackintosh. Married " " Tear up the wedding-cards I " inter- j xnpted Pris Armstrong- "" It was j ■ infatuation—fanaticism. How colli;! a Boston girl, brought up with every advantage of education, and association, marry a full-blooded Sioux ! I went to the wedding under protest: as Helen's nearest friend, I s-it there under protest; and it required all tnv self-control to! refrain from sariekiug aloud at the ■ words: * If any man can show just cause why they should not lawfully be joined together' " "Xou talk as though he had just arrived from the plains in wampum and war- paint." returned Annie Chesley, Indignantly " I met him at Mrs . Clotting's reception, and thought him ~ — perfectly fascinating. He has the loveliest manners—so gentle and subdued, and, with his soulful dark eyes and melancholy face, he reminded me of Edwin Booth in 'The Iron Chest.' Such an interesting history as be has, too. He lost his father at the battle of the Little Big Horn, and after the flight of the Sitting Bull and his men into Canada, the poor little fellow was found by a missionary and sent to Hampton. Later by means of an old lady's bequest, he was educated for the minis* ry preparatory to gcingasmissionary to bis own people. H you had heard him SJUMK. the last Sunday in Advent, when the collection is taken for the Domestic Mission, you would realise what religion has lone in transforming a savage into a Christian gentleman and clergyman." " Helen was taught from babyhood to save her pennies for the Domestic Mission." said Pris, slowly. " In Lent, her childish secrifices were for the bsnefit of some Indian school. Her cast- off toys were sent to Hampton; her Sunday school class supported an Indian there. Later, she attended all the meetings for the, benefit of the Indians, has been an . active member of the Dakota League, 3nd devoted all her charitable energies—and a Boston girl must have some outlet for philanthropy, as imperatively as for her love of music, books, and art—to collect ing funds and packing barrels of clothing for the Indians. As she stood by the altar, it seemed the culmination of a life long fad, an earnest and religions one, if you wiU, but still merely a fad—in which \- loveborea minor, if not a doubtful, part. There was a delay in getting to the carriage, and I waited. So, not to throw rice, but—but to see Helen once more. Captain Carter, Helen's cousin—he was best man—closed the carriage-door, with a gwv good-bye. - He stood, with un covered head, in the fog and drizzle, and I saw the look upon his free." "They say he has always been in love with Helen." " It "was not that. Insight gave foresight, and on the pavement, in Copley Square, he saw the future, somewhere oh the "Western plains." " Xou are tired, August ? " Helen St. Gregory arose from the piano —the one article of luxury she had per mitted herself—and leaning over the back of her husband's chair, played with his hair. It had been allowed to grow somewbatlong in the last few weeks. He had ]ust returned from a "visit to a settlement, a few miles distant; consist ing of a few wretched, scattered huts. His hand sought his throat and loosened the stiff, clerical bands with an impatience that seemed uncontrollable. " It is stifling here." he said ; " the air of a room makes, me cough." " I will open the window." " Open both windows." "I can not," returned Helen, with some surprise at his imperious tone. " The other window is sealed, hermeti cally, with ]>apicr*m<.ich?, manufactured out of .soaked newspapers, after Prank Carter's recipe." Her husband strode across the room, and with one blow of his clenched fist he broke away the lower part of the sash. " August' How could you—oh, yenr hand is bleeding "" reproach changing to commiseration. She caught up a web of soft linen upon the work-table. - " It is nothing," . said her husband, almost haughtily, drawing himself so quickly away that the linen fell beneath hisfoof The next moment there was an ex clamation from both, for it: was the surplice, with the circle-emblem of immortality embroidered upon its front, that lav there, blood-stained and tramp led. He sank into the chair again," and she, who bad learned in the last few months that there were times when it was best to leave him undisturbed, silently closed the shutters outside the broken window and pinned closely over it the heavy curtains of Mexican blankets. The room was both sitting-room and study. In the corner, a jiric-ditu with a threadbare cushion, testified to the length and frequency of his devotions. Presently Helen looked anxiously up from the altar-cloth she was emhroider XDg " I wish you would not watch me in that covert manner," said her husband, with new irritability. He was tired ; her woman's heart chid her. after that moment of strange and chilled misgiving. It was a long, cold vr ilk to the settlemen*, and the people there were the most degraded of his pastoral charge. They consisted only of old men, women", and children; the young men were cut hunting—a euphemism for having joined certain hostile tribes in the north-west." "I have questioned lately, Helen," he began presently. " whether I have not after all, mistaken my "vocation. The fire has died out of lav utterances, my prayers uo longer ascend as on wings of light bat fMLornshingly back upon my heart. The meaning bus gone out of the Holy Scripture ; its words are as * a tale told by an idiot,' full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.'" . islie spoke gentle, reassuring words, and the strange foreboding vanished from her heart. Long after she had gone to bed,- he was kneeling at the jiris-dieu. In the days that followed, she "noticed that- he was unusually silent:: that the early ; services, the prayers, and fastings became more frequent—the last so rigorous that she begged him to have care lest his health suffer. " "We are commanded," he replied, solemnly, " to ' crucify the old man and utterly abolish the whole body of sin.' " He went about his work like a man in a-dream. The melancholy that had always characterised him had become moodiness, a taciturnity that big wife learned was best left unquestioned. Hie favorite subjects of conversation had formerly related to his work ; now he \- never alluded to it. IDs texts had been \- chosen from the Hew Testament, that upon .which he had most frequently dwelt being: " For their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also may be sanctified through the truth." How his' sermons were drawn from the Old Testa ment, and particularly from those acconnts that dwelt upon vengeance and bloodshed. When he read the lesson telling of the killing of Sisera, there was a repressed force in his utterance, an intensity of dramatic action in the ges tures of his slender hand and flexible wrist, that brought the scene with awful vividness before his listeners. " She smote the nail into his temples— for he was fast asleep and weary. So he died." His personality was merged into that of Jael. and exaltation was exulta tion over the treacherous and savage deed. His manner in speaking of his own people had formerly beeu tinged with sadness. Was it a wild fancy of his wife's that it now held a subtle pride . A dis tinction. too, had evidently grown up het'.veen " these people "—of his flock— and those amongst his childhood had been \- passed. THa walks over the plain became more frequent. Helen bad supposed their j object was the settlement, till an allusion ! to his work there undeceived her. "I have not been there. I walked twenty, thirty miles over the plain," he said, with an excitement that all her efforts at restraint could not allow to pass nn ! noticed. " Listen 1" and the words that fol lowed were strange to Helen. " It is the tongue of my fathers," went on her husband, with solemn pride. " Upon the vast empty plain, there was a sound from heaven as of a mighty rushing wind, and even as the tongues were given to the disciples at the day of Pentecost, v. us Ike language of the warriors given back to me. "With such words did my father speak when he told of his great deeds in the council. 31}" father was a great brave- He did not live amongst the women and children. He was not a squaw-man. ^ He was Black Kettle ! " Bewildereu at this strange outburst, Helen called beseechingly to her hus band. He made no reply. It was morn ing when he arose from the j/rie-iheu. For the next few days, except for an almost unbroken silence, he seemed more like his former self. Late one afternoon word was brought to Helen that a woman had been confined in the settlement and was dying for lack of food and clothing. The circumstances appealed to her with peculiar force. Filling a basket with food and hastily selecting such articles as seemed most needful, she set out on her lonely walk. The door of the hot was ajar. The one room was empty. In her charitable visiting in Boston, a similar experience had often confronted her, and now, as then, an involuntary vexation arose at having been made the dupe of her sympathies. • She made her way to the next- hut, hut, to her surprise, it too was empty. . The village was deserted 1 The last hut stood on the - brow- of "an Incline. In the hollow beyond was 'a strange sight. Shrinking back into the shadow of the hut, petrified withjhorror, she stood watch ing a circle of savage figures, men and women alternating, holding one another by-the hand, revolting slowly around a large tree. A dirge-like chant filled the air, as round and round the dancers went, in the same direction,.with eyes closed and heads bent toward the gronnd. There were young men in the circle. Tr«rt they returned, then, from their " huntin° expedition"? " ° Chained to t he: spot by the mystic spell of the " ghost-dance," her own body swayed to and fro in unison with the dancers. One figure seemed to exercise a par ticular fascination over her. It was that of a young brave, naked to the hip., and with streaks of red and yellow paint across his breast. Darkness had long ago fallen, and fires were gleaming in the hollow. By and bye. one after an other of the dancers fell forward on big face, hut the circle was instantly re formed. The young brave who had held her gaze was prostrate at last, in the kind "of swoon to which the others had suc cumbed. _ . - Suddenly he leaped to his feet. " I have seen the Great Father," he cried," " and lie will not talk to me, he cause I hare married a white woman 1" \- It was the voice of her husband I Half-frozen, blinded, and staggering, she reached her own door at last. She must have wandered many "rimes from the path, for the cold, gray morning light was breaking. She dropped, from force of habit, into the chair by the •work- table. She must darn those stockings of August's. It was the morning for early service. There was a little illuminated hook of devotions in which it was her daily habit to read. "Was she going mad ? The words were revolving in a circle over the jiage. A capital A, in scarlet and gold, bore a fantastic resemblance to the paint bedizenea figure of the dance. 'there was a sound without- The door" was pushed open and a naked savage strode.into the room. She saw his pur pose " August I For the sake of our unborn babel" "What followed may not he told. 