EIGHT-HOUR DAY. By One of the Unemployed ra» SAW several* pro ra cessions last Mon ffij day. One was the [jKJ ordinary labor pro swl cession passing fBaj down George-street, Ui with banners wav I ing and bands play ' ' ing. I was infonn y, ' ed afterwards that «g it was a terribly *l^ poor procession ; but i this remark is sure to be made every year. I have no doubt that in the days of Noah there were some who con sidered his eollee __^ tion of wild beasts quite a second-rate affair. The second procession was in King-street and consisted entirely of cable trams. A few ofcher processions —which were called races— I witnessed on the Association Ground. As I was standing on the steps of the General Post Office, enjoying a free show, like a true-born Britisher, I en tered into conversation with a police man. I always like to establish friend ly relations with the police. One of these days it may be useful to have a friend in the force. 'Do you get Eight-hour Day?' I in quired. 'Sometimes,' he replied— 'when there's peace and quietness.'' 'Do you work eight hours a day?' 'Yes— two spells of four hours each, same as in London. But when there's any excitement you must be prepared to do more — you must submit to the element' I don't know what element he meant. I am not even sure that he said 'ele- ment' But the sentiment is evidently praiseworthy. In the afternoon I arrived at the Championship Sports in time to see the hammer .thrown. 'It looks light enough,' said one man; 'but when you come to shot it' 'If that thing was to slip out of his hands it would kill a fellow,' remarked his friend. A true statement, but slightly obvious. I sometimes wonder whether the competitors ever hear — or, if they hear, whether they regard— the advice gratis which is showered upon them so liber ally by the onlookers, e.g., 'Lift her next time, Fred— swing her higher;' 'Take your time, Bunny — he's six yards behind;' 'Take a reef in.' Sometimes the cries were ironical. 'Now, Moore, put 'more' on.' A racer who was hope lessly lagging in the rear was urged to cut across the grass— which he might safely have done without endangering the chances of the ultimate winner. The hero of the three-mile walking race was asked towards the conclusion of his labors if he could do a long beer, and I seemed to detect a significant twinkle in Ms eye, as though this were a thing that he could do in a highly complete and satisfactory manner. Near me was an inquisitive small child. I have met the inquisitive small child repeatedly— inore often in the trains than anywhere else — and, whe ther it be male or female, rich or poor, ugly or otherwise, it always asks exactly the same questions, and rather enjoys getting no answer, be cause then it has an excuse for re peating them. Here are a few of the questions which this particular speci men of the feminine inquisitive small child fired off like minute guns for the space of several hours: — 'They're going to have a race, ain't they, daddy?' 'One man fell, didn't he, daddy?' 'When they fall on the grass it doesn't hurt them, does it, daddy?' 'What are they going to do that for?' 'What are they clapping their hands for?' 'What are' — divers inanimate objects— 'for?' Daddy, for the most part, declined to be inter viewed; but when he did answer a request for information he either grunt ed, 'Dunno,' or issued the command, 'You watch 'em.' Finding daddy un sympathetic, she fastened on a total stranger, I think, with all the guile lessness of youth, and invited him to choose before every race what was go ing to win, while she made a similar choice. Feminine instinct seemed to lead her to select the one who had the most attractive costume. Perhaps it was the same instinct that caused her to pitch with uneering regularity upon some short-winded competitor, who gave up long before the race was over. But when her favorite, who had been leading, was beaten, and had to retire, she consoled herself with the reflec tion that 'he won first of all.' Later on, when her selections continued to prove the rankest outsiders, she evinced a tendency to change in the middle of the race, and take as her champion the only one who was left with any chance of getting home. She enjoyed her afternoon, and she cer tainly helped me to enjoy mine. In this respect, however, she was by no means equal to two compassion ate women, who stood beMnd me for a short time, and then moved off to find seats under the newly-erected shel ter. I very much regret that I did not follow them and learn more of their wisdom. If they had continued to talk as they did during their stay in my neighborhood I should have gleaned enough material to furnish an entire supplement to the 'Evening News.' At every athletic sports meeting there ought to be a number of compassionate and ill-informed women distributed among the crowd. It is possible to tire of high jumps, long jumps, shot putting, and even of races, wMch de generate into processions. But the' conversation of such women as I have described never palls. They opened fire during the walking race. 'Why, they're walking on their heels!' (with much surprise). 'He's the strongest of the lot— he'll beat them' (during the first lap). 'I suppose they've got to go all round, and then round again, as it's three miles.' 'Crikey, the big one's second— the others are saving their breath.' 'He can give up the ghost' (scornfully). 'What a shame to make them walk so far in those clothes!' 'I suppose it's about a mile round' (during the third lap). Mean time, the pole jump had been started, and served to divert some of their at tention. 'What makes the men knock themselves about by jumping over that high 'pole? There goes another fooj.' (Returning to the walking race.) 'What made that first man give up?'- 'Oh, he was done; he was as white as a copse.' 'I should think they'd run better with boots on.' The rest, is si lence. Towards the close of the proceed ings a loud-voiced merchant went round offering us all '£500 for a shil ling—a house and land for a shilling— a trip round the world for a shilling.' The price seemd very reasonable, and I was surprised that' there were not rabre buyers. Perhaps they were wait ing to see if any reduction would be made on taking a quantity. Obviously it would be better worth while to buy £5090 for 10s than £500 for is. The merchant did not carry any houses and lands about with him; bo it was not possible to judge whether they were desirable residences. There were rows of cheap houses (in the neighborhood of London not Sydney), built upon dis used ponds and other unconventional sites, which would be dear at a shil ling, or at any price. 'Why are our modern houses built in rows?' asked King Priam of Troy in a burlesque, which I witnessed 21 years ago. 'To give a good effect sir, I suppose,' replied the aged Anehises. To which the monarch (who was also author of the burlesque, and stage manager) responded: No, not at aM; the builders all would own, Because they're much, too weak to stand alone. As to the trip round the world, the offer ought to be modified. Any per son desiring to go to Europe and stay there ought to be able to do this on payment of sixpence. Just before I left a bicycle race was diversified by no less than three spills of two bicycles each, the machines seeming to suffer much more than the riders. 'You can't help laugMng at them,' said one of the spectators. But he evidently enjoyed it A maimed athlete Is even a better show than a fallen eabhorse— and that is saying a good deal. ♦ 