OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Politically the last week was a mildly sensational one, but the general outcome is a fizzle. It has simply furnished a now an plication for the truism, "The wind is always blowing about something, but there is nothing in it " In this instance the rate of the wind god, old Eolus, was undertaken by Mr ex-Premier Shiels, member for Normanby, and the very lost that can be said of him is that he was appropriately windy Yautromombcr I told you some weeks back that there were many clements of discontent in our political cauldron seething up for a boil over I said the hour for change was at hand, but not the man, and that Mr Shiels had been spoken of, but was impossible The event has proved the correct nesS of my forecast, and Ina precipitancy has saved the Ministry When the debate on the Railway trust Bill was resumed, Mr Shiels crossed to the labour corner, whose members are in open revolt against it, and led a Rupert like attack on the measure, in which he hacked, slashed, cut, and thrust a good sword and buckler fashion, winding up by proposing that the bill be read that any six months The House was posed Ministers were indignant, and the Opposition was cornered There is a clear majority in the HORse against the bill as it stands, but Prctmei Shiels reduced, with Treasurer Trenwith, Chief Secretary Hancock, Postmaster Prendergast N Co, was a grey horse of a totally different colour A caucus was held at which there was much caw ing and not a little CUBS mg, and it was decided by a clear majority that of two evils it was wise to choose the least Mr binda and colleagues were impossible Better a bad bill than a bad Ministry, and as the numbers were thus against him Mr Shiels, accepting Mr Trenwith suggestion, withdrew the motion The bill, therefore, goes into committee, but for all purposes of practical use fulncsB it is a gone case, as it will come out maimed, mutilated and impotent There is a strong set against the proposed Ernst One member declared the Government would have to go to Heaven to find four men sufficiently competent and trustworthy for the positions That settles it Fancy the chance of a Victorian Government getting to Heaven under any cc editions whatsoever Another fizzle has been with respect to the Electoral Bill, so gaily rushed through the Assembly in a week at the tail end of the session, with its one-man-one-vote and female franchise clauses. I said when it passed that no one here was greatly con- centre!, since its fate in Council was assured. It had even a worse time than I expected. Mr. McCulloch, who had charge of it, seemed ashamed of it and introduced it in such a fashion that it barely escaped rejec- tion without debate. The next night it was bundled out on the voice, and the colony still survives the catastrophe. Talking about a catastrophe, I saw a 17 stone man step on a banana skin in Swanston Street the other day. There was a wild whirl of arms, a lighting projection of heels, and then as that man sat down suddenly on the pavement the back of his head smote the flags with a mighty smile and a resound- ing thwack, that suggested the idea of a 10-ton pile-driver in good going order. There was a rush to raise the fallen, and a cab drew up to take the remains to the morgue ; but the remains had by no means given up the ghost. They first But up, then stood erect, and next proceeded to express an opinion as to the practice of throwing banana skins on the pave- ment, which left me in doubt which to admire most, the thickness of his skull or the vigour of his language. He must have been a sea captain, I think, and as much travelled as R. S. Smythe himself, for he swore in 17 different languages simultaneously. Shimei, the son of Gera, who agreed the Lord's appointed at Bahram, was not in it with that artist. The air actually grew Sulphurous and heavy with the verbal explosions of bliiBphcmie energy, and I could not help thinking what a splendid bullock ' driver or mine manager was spoiled when that man was sent to sea. The whole thing opens up a new idea of the full-I mean the full in Eden, not in Swanston-street. It was not an apple that caused the trouble, but a banana. Evo ula one and threw the skin on the pavement. Aduin trod on it and proceeded to express his opinion on things in general SO freely that the expulsion from Paradise followed as a natural consequence. Lord Brassey is becoming more popular daily, and he certainly does not spare himself in the discharge of vice-regal duty. He is here, there, and everywhere, not only keeping the engagements on the curd but putting in strong hours looking into a city factory, a country creamery, an Indian horse transport, or an English produce carrier, and in every way making himself thoroughly familiar with our industrial capacities and progress, He makes excellent speeches, and gets a deal of sound common sense into them. Just now he is engaged in imitating on a big scale the example of the political candidate, who always kisses the baby-I mean in the flesh, not in the spirit, as understood by gentlemen with an extensive bar practice and on Saturday he entertained at a picnic in the Government House grounds all the sixth form children of Melbourne primary schools, This means that there are five other classes to follow at soft intervals, assuming that His Excellency does not mean to commit a sad tactical blunder, and by the time his Lordship has worked right down through the infant first he will be better able than he now is to realise the size of the contract he has undertaken. Relative to this he was a bit out in his calculation on Saturday. He had counted on an attendance of 2,000, and 4000 turned up and as the miracle of the loaves and fishes did not recur in his favour, there are now a number of schoolboys prepared to endorse Jack Falstaff s remarks as to the value of honour, especially in filling a vacuum in the region of the waistband. We have been making an initial and fairly successful effort to acclimatise the Eisteddfod in Melbourne. When I was a small boy I took a prominent alto part in a Hullah festival. Sir Redmond Barry was present, and was afterwards heard to declare that it was eminently successful in fact, an absolutely perfect Hullah baloo. The Eisteddfod deserves less invidious en- comiums, though bow cognomens such as Kelly, Smith, Ibbs, Robinson, and Monk come to be mixed up with a Welsh bardic institution this deponent sayeth not. But he can testify that the choruses and part-singing went well, and when Miss Gwladys Boyan, dressed in Welsh costume, sang a song in Welsh, which no- body could understand, the applause was rapturous. Nothing goes down with the crowd like the unintelligible, The fortunate or unfortunates, which you will, who pay income tax, are not sleeping well just now. Our railways, which have been steadily losing at the rate of nearly half a million per annum for the last six years, the gross deficit to the end of June last being £2,773,924, have put on a special spurt down hill lately, the falling off for the past three weeks being £30,000 in excess of that for the correspond- ing term last year. Speaking to the general subject in the debate on the Railway Trust Bill, the Premier said : " At the present time our railways are losing to the extent of £1,300 per day. The system is saddled with a large number of non-paying lines, the loss on which, as certified to by the Inquiry Board and admitted by the Commissioners, is £350,000 a year. The consolidated revenue has had already to provide £7,C00,000 to assist the Railway Department, and during the last six years the railways have gone to the bad to the extent of £1,200,000. Year by year the railway deficit is increasing Last year it was about £380,000 and this year it will probably be £450,000." This has to be faced somehow, but the order has gone forth from the labour corner, speaking for the masters of the Ministry, the Railway Service Association, that there is to be no retrenchment in that direction. " But how are we to make up the shortage ? asks the Premier. " Out of an increased income tax" reply the men who don't pay it, and there is a horrible dread that the suggestion will be adopted. We have got a step in advance over the minimum wage question. This was adopted by the Metropolitan Board of Works, and complaints were soon made that only the most vigorous men stood a chance of a job, while the young and old the immature and over-ripe, were out in the cold. The Board has the inestimable advantage of sitting under the chairmanship of Mr. Octogenarian E. G. FitzGibbon, who drawn £1,500 per annum salary. The arrangement of a sliding scale to taper off at both ends uns therefore the simplest thing in life, and henceforth the rates are to be Under 10, per day, 2s. 6d.; over 16 and Under 20, 4s.; over 20 and under 55, 6-1; old buffers over 55, 4s. Souther i in playing Lord Dundreary, used to got great fun out of reading and commenting; upon Poor Richard's Maxims "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." '. Now," was the comment, " That is just supremely ridiculous 1 How can any fellah tell the value of poultry in that promithcuoutb« manner?" So I Bay, how can any fellah tell a man's industrial value in that promiscuous manner ? For instance, Mr FitzGibbon has himself certainly entered upon old buffer hood How much does he consider himself inferior to his juniors? A painful sensation has been caused in the city by the news of the serious illness of Mrs A P Akehurst. You will remember that some short time ago in discussing the Estimates, a furious attack was made upon her husband, the Secretary of the Law Department, by Mr Maloney, member for West Melbourne, the The sites of the House, who charged him with murder in connection with an incident of the Ballarat Riots now over 40 years old Mrs Akehurst was on a visit to England for her health's sake, and the News of the attack came upon her with such a shock that it brought on a stroke of paralysis Leave of absence has been granted Mr Akehurst, and he sailed on Saturday in the hope of seeing his wife again before her death It is, perhaps, right to say again that Mr Maloney s charge has not a leg to stand on, but is protected by privilege Mr J L Dow, who is doing a pilgrimage through the colony as the Age apostle of protection, is having a bad time of it Recently his heels were tripped up by a Portland gentleman, and at V\ Wangaratta on b Saturday night he was subjected to a very severe heckling Mr Dow is a master of verbal fence, but this confounded spreading of freetrade principles is most abominably disconcerting La Belle Therese is having a good run at the Princess, where the Royal Comic Opera Company is still the chief attraction of the city. Florence Young makes a most bewailing Those, and there is no question she has developed into an excellent actress as well as a finished vocalist. She is admirably supported by May Pollard and Juliet Wray, while the fun in the hands of Vernon and Lauri has always the piquant flavour of true Attic suit. I hear that Laura will not go on tour, but that his place will be taken by Elton. You are in luck. Lauri is primus inter parts, but there is only one Ebon, and humour oozes out of every pore of him. He is a feast of fun in himself, and there is not a phase in the whole gamut of laughter, from the apple to the volcanic explosion, but what he can command at pleasure. a 