Sacred Concert. A sAonans concert by local and other amateurs was given in the Academy of l\usic on lChristmas night. It was the first of a series of events arranged for the holidays by the local Manchester Unity lodges of Oddfollows, the object being to raise money in aid of the building funds of the hall. Thias night of the year is not often availed of for gatherings of the kind, as the supposition is that people prefer to spend it quietly within the family circle. This, hIowever, did not apply on this occasion, as there was a very large attendance, the body of the hall.being filled and the dress circlevel llpatronised. An unfortunnato delay tookplace at the ommencement of the concert Timed to start at 8.15, much later than the unsls hour, it was some timne after the half hour before the concert opened. As explained to the audience by Mr. All. Mitchell, hen. secretary, -the delay arose throigh Mr. Massey, the principal accompanist, being unable to get away from thebo Cathedral at an earlier hour. Tihe usual internmission was dispensed with, and even then tihe last item was not reached till a few minutes to 11 o'clock, many of tlhe audience having left in the meastimse, whilst the noise caused by their exit was not by any memas pleasant to those who remanined. Nevertheless, thle programme, whichl had been selected with care and judgment, embraced a number of sacred gems, and the evening produced much of a pleasing lcharacter; but tihe bad management had a depressing effect. Mr. C. Laws opened the concert with Christabel's "Heavenly Rest," an item which his naterally sweet and graceful tenor onabledlhim to render with pleasing effect. The chorus "Adesto Fidelis" was rendered by the comspany, Miss Duncan taking tihe leading solo part. Mr. Alf. MIitchell gave a good interpretation of Paul Rodney's" Calvary," marred only once or twice by a snappish style of vocalization. Hiss Fry sang Snullivan's " The Lost Chord," and thle number, if not so effective as the deeper and broader contralto, was very sweetly given. Mr. R. Lemon gave " Les Rameaux" expressively, but not with his usual volume. Accompanying this solo was a violin obligate by Mr. T. Daniel. The same instru mentalist followed with a highly creditable and pleasing violin solo, Alard's " Faust Fantasio," a lengthy piece which he played from meniory. He produced a good tone and the. various movements were attacled with confidence. His playing gave promise that neater finish and greater firmuess should comne in the fulness of time with well-directed application. He was recalled by the audience, but as there was no time for encores he bowed his ac knowledgments. Mr. W. Befton gave withl judg me'nt " Every Valley shall be Exalted," and MIr. E. Sheekey sang " Eternal Rest," taking Miss Edith MtoeAlisteres place on the programme, her name being down for an "Ave MIaria" by MIaseheroni. Mr. Sheekey was not successful in his effort. Then fol lowed a feat of memory on the part of Mr. Percy H. Monkley, who gave by request a large part of Dickens's " Christmas Carol." The delivery ecosu pied about half-an-hour, and the extracts given in eluded "Scrooge in his Counting IHouse-The visit of MIarley's Ghost - Fizzinig's Ball - Bob Cratchitt's Christmas Dinner. Mr. Monkley, who has already given the whole of the carol before a Goulburn audience, had a difficult tasks to accomplish in maistaining the interest of his hearers for such a lengthy period, hisi performance being sandwiched, as it were, between the two parts of a long concert programme; but he did accomplish it, and he was listened to with rapt attention throughout. He delivered the lines with out any hesitancy, and his interchanging of the voice to suit the various characters was excellent. Mr. W. C. Daniel, of Sydney, was very successful in the solo, " The King of Glory," the modulated passages especially- being given evith delioaoy and softness. The line solo, "lNazareth," fell to MIr. P. A. Rilchardson, whose rendition was applauded. The gem of thie evening was Miss Duncan's solo, "The Star of Bethlehem," the full expressive notes of which were given with rare purity and sweetness. The audience requested an encore, and MIiss Duncan returned and bowed, but the applause continued; and Mr. Holloway, whlo had come forward for the next item, had to retire while Miss Duncan repeated the solo, Mr. Holloway recited "In the Workhouse on Christmas Day" with dramatio force, but in his pauses and accent he made the poetic measure too apparent. Mr. H. Whitohead's solo "The Holy City" was brilliantly given up to a certain point in the last stanzae, when he cracked on the high note. Miss Tiuson's beautifully clear soprano was heard to advantage in "Come Unto Me," and Mr. W. Davidson scored with a capital rendering of "The Toilers." The accompaniments were shared by Messra. Massoy and Tlormaa. 