PUBLIC OPINION. LAND VALUE TAXATION. (to the editor.) Sir,— No valid reason can bo advanced why the nliouatod lands (only ont-fiflh of tbe land of the colony) shonld be singled one and taxed from the General Post-office out wards, of which there are 141,000 holders from the small allotment upwards, .and upon which, "including improvements," thore is. a debt of over £100,000,000, bearing intorcst at tho rate of 84 per cent., amount ing to £8,500,000 per annum. The grave question arises is tbe property worth tho money advancod upon it on ac count of tbe all-round 60 por cent, redaction that has taken place during the last six years? Has tha property, takiug into ac count the roduotion in rentals and low prices obtainod for all kinds of colonial produce during tho last six years, paid the annual interest? The answer is emphatically no, us the records of tha Registrar-Goneral's office will provo. No loss than 85,505 mortgages have beon registered there duriDg the last six years, and 35,808 mortgagee and liens on crops, lira stock and wooi, adding thereto tho un- released mortgages previously effected total ling the gigantic sum of £i 29,000,000, upon which nearly £10,UOOfOUO pur annnm info- rest is paid. That accounts for the in crease in the natnber of mortgages in order to fiud tho money to pey tha difference of ehorlage in interest. By what process of justice at this critical juncture should the State attempt to still further humiliate and depress the pioneers, the antorpriaing colonists, who undoubtedly made this country, and who are financially suffering a lingeting death ? Last year 4207 of them had to sncoumb through failures in crops, and many more are oti the verge 0 i bankruptcy, fighting manfully agaiuet usurers, droughts, floods, peats, vermin, low pricos, ohrinkago in values. Nubody is prepared to assist them. On tbe contrary, tbe singln-taxer, the re- constructor, tho agitator, aad tho revolu tionary experimental legislator arc panting for their substance. The superstrnctnra must be swept away, sa_ that tbe whole fabric will come tumbling down. Four or five years ago the policy of the country was to build np ; nuw it is to pnll down, turning everything upside down ia order to knock everythiog out of joint, in stead cf leaving things as tbey are, and giviDg tho colony a chance to emerge out of the deep depression it is endeavouring to extricate itaelf from. Tbe coumry looks hopefully to the Upper House to nip in the bud a policy that un justly fixes the burden of taxation upon 60,000 male adults out of 360,000, allowing the 300,000 to go scot free. But, unfortu nately for the successful carrying out of that policy, tbe 60,000 aro not in a position to stand tbe strain, bocause tbey era already, through no- fault of their own, taxed up to broaking point. If tbey were disgustingly rich and fib subjects to bleed they niigbs be able to stand imposition for a few years before giv ing up tbe ghost. 1 was always under tha impression that a just Government increased burdens upon pcuplo who were in a posi tion to stand it. I could understand tha justice of an income tax with exemptions up to £100 ii every ninth male adult wera not represented by a civil servant, in whose interests and benefits this country is rua. They are like the loousts of Egypt, oating the country up look, etook and barrel, and increasing, many appoinimenta having been made to value land that has no valno, now unsaleable at any price, mor'-- - gaged beyond redemption, ia order to geb blood out of a stone. What is the country coming 10?— Yours, &c.;, FRO BONO PUBLICO. 