SPORTING,* :- bt ' Avaxra'sanovc!'' ' Another TattersaU'a Club is being formod' in. Sydney. The Sunrise pony Virtue- added' another win to her long list of triumphs on Thurs day at Kensington'. 'when she annexed tho. 14 levant jenaUy, - oai^iog, jput- Jthe- 4i. lur longs in 1 min. 'The lessee is no ^ioubt mak ingJiay wbilo the-auo shines, as- hialeftgeis up this month, as I believe he does not in tend to renew the lease. Capstan is said to. be a promising Grand. National candidate. A Sydney writer *ays Ontario- ia gutting as slow as a 'bus, but he will come in one of these days when everything baulks or falls. The Totilisator is to be tried again in the Victorian Parliament. In New South Wales, Me Willis, M.V., threatens the maohine Cheaterman- has arrived in Melbourne from Sydney, and is now in Mr R. H. Frew's stable. ??' --?-?- J J. E. Brewer- has exchanged the nrare. Rizpah for a oolt by Pero from May Day's dam, Rizpah has arrived at/ Sivar. Pines. ?. Moss Rose was engaged' ^it Mentbne, but she funs in the name of E. Davis, and could not atart after the rider of Sunshower was disqualified. At Ascot (Viotoria) on Tuesday, a ' lady' owner of ponies was disqualified for six months for usine obscene laneuaEe to the aeoretary;. ' ' .:,'.' _._ „ Ted Davis intends appealing to the V.B.C. against the^ix months' disqualification im posed on him by the Mentpns stewards. The local pony, Heatherbell is, Iunder atand, shortly to take- aer departure to one of the ' big smokes.' The Cootamundra Race Club have^ de cided to hold a spring .race .meeting iu Sep tember, and £65 was voted towards the prize money. The programme will include a Hurdle Race of lAsovs, Spring Handicap of 10 eovs, and threa other nnea of 10 sovs each. Mr A. C. Edwards (aaya ' Mascotte' in the Hay -'Grarier')bonglittlie- pick of the Glenmarkie stock submitted to auction in Hay the other day, and it ia to. be hoped that he has got a Glenloth amongst them. Walwa, by Glenmarkie, dropped dead after doing a gallop at Monee Valley on Thursday last. Walwa was chiefly known to fame by his having 5 furlongs in 1 min. OJaecs (the record for the colonies), and 6 furlongs in l'min 14secs (equal, to the Aus tralian record),' iu one afternoon at Maribyr nong. Tullamore, steered by T. Swan, woa the Winter Handicap at Bendigo. tTlAurlnir 1-liA Adulilda f*al r» OintlAI1. IitLH changed hands at £400. In the Hurdle Race at Mentone, Muscovite (who hod made a marvellous recovery from his acoident of hist week) had a very easy task ast him— just as the betting suggested he would— but the rider of Sunshower (says Terlinga in the 'Australasian') who ran second, attracted thenotioaof the stewards,. and E. Davis was awarded six months dis qualification. Preenming that the stewards were satisfied as to the jockey not trying to win, this a ridionlously light aentenoe, but it is aa well to let the publio know that there is anch a thin; aa disqualification held- up as an ? occasional reward for ' saapioioos pra-tioes.' It is bad for a. course when its stewards gain, a reputation for ' winking the other eye.' Speaking of malpractices ins general way, I must say they seem to manage these things better iu England. Stewards in the old country, once they deoide that a hone has been' stopped, do not play with business. They: warn the offenders off without fixing anyliniifbf time, and these parties seldjm trouble the turf again. It ia the only way to make authority felt. Leniency, with the objeet of allowing an offender a ohance to reform, js nearly always thrown away. Tha owner of Sunshower mast be accounted a lucky man. . When Brownlight was diajuali fied fur three years the owner was not present, aud hid no control over his horse. Sult'ho suffered. In the case of Sunahower the Mei tone stewards decided'that as tbe owner was away his horse should not be included in the sentence. Of ooorse it would have been hard on Mr Cummings if he had been robbed of the chance of winning the Maiden Hurdle Raoe with Sunshower ; bnt if it were under stood that as a general rule disqualifications must extend beyond the rider, owners would be more careful when handing the control of a horse over to other pesple, I made a note ot Sunshowers after watching' him at iloonoe Valley, and I am more than ever satisfied tbe sort to over fences. Mr M. H. Devlin has di posed of Don Jnne (lirother to May D.y) to Mr A. C. Edward), of Hay. Ringmaster's brother, Rink, changed hands iu Melbourne daring the week at 230gs., at which price he must bo con sidered cheap. : Aus*«r ha? won six races over 51 furlongs at Moonee Valley. During th« last few years eighteen of the London hospitals hare received £58,850 from Barou d- Hirsch who generously gives all his winnings on the turf to charity. Coorsmin (by Epigram— Eva), who was destroyed in Melbourne last week, C33t Mr Caralake 600 guineas. A football match between the Mechanics and the Union for the Hogan trophy, played in the park on Saturday resulted in a win for tiiA former hv 9 flroals to nil. At the meeting of the local Bioycle Club, j ield at M'Oraoken'B New Junotion Hotel on Wednesday, Mr J. W. Lees, presided. Tbe subscription' fee' not mm; -memoers wot area atfieand aotive members 2s 6d and la per month. It was decWod to call for tenders to lay a track in the park, inside tha oral. Since pony racing was first started. In our midst, protects at outside meetings for horses starting in hack races at races re gistered under pony «nd galloway rules have been frequent, and give, no smMl amount of trouble to all.. parties, cenoerned. The sooner some steps are taken by the people in Sydney, who reap iu the shekels from the country clubs without a smile, to publish in their rules some guide to go by in' these oases, and also that relatiug to jockeys, go that an average person can understand them, the Booner will they earn the thanks rn( tbe majority of ountry racing olubs. As the affair stand's at present, almost every one who takes an interest in pony and haok races,' and all boys who have ridden -hacks at such races, claim to have letters from Mr Clibborn suited to their individual cases. The latest protest, jbbat against Nimrod, who won the double at Whitton, for having taken n?.rt in a haok rapegoiTnp at the polo apbrWinNarahdera.putfla new complexion on the question, and if upheld will affect a few more horses, some of whom, have- ein'oe bad winning braokets.. 