ALI ENGLAND v. SOUTH AUSCRALIA. LAST MfATOC OF THE 1891-5 ENGLISH ELEVEN. FIRST DAY'S PLAY. After n absence from South Auetralia of bmrly nine 'years, your epeelia oorrepondent fond himself in Adelaide on a holiday visit juust at the time that the Englishmen were bout: to play their return match with South Aletrela. Although the test ?intbes have bwell-nigh exhauaereli young Australiane' toriketing enthusiasns - far as this seaeon I conoersned, conslderable interest is.being taken En thil match both beaee of S8outh Anetra lite eplendid win -in the flrt contest, and Ibsebanse the matth coepoludes the fituresof the 1894-8 tour of English crieketer in Austraia. The Adelaide Oval, theaeene of the contest, is plIdaantly stlluated bhn the' north biank ofthe Torreeq tie NorthPrk Lacnd. Theground isnclosedwith a neat palisading, urrounded by splendihade tarees, and liberliy.provtded with pavilions and the usual oonveninccs aof a well-ppointed eioket ground. The playing ogrnnl n large, and on 8at?srday afternoons two club matches are nosually played upon it silenltaneously. When, as on all important eonuelne, theo wicket in pitched in the centre oflthe ground five runs are frequently run out by-the Aatsman while a Seldsmsan is chasing a ball which he stops on the boundary. The sopring boards are very complete. By means oL run?ng tape, manipulated froa the rear of the board, the runs are recorded as soon as made, and in firt.clas matches, the bowling reobrd Is exhibited as well as the batting, so that, at any stge in the innings, the specntators etn learn frem the board, who is.batting, who bowling las a board marked ' bowler' jis placed lgaiest the nIne of the one bowling, and cabngedat the beginning of each over) and the ?xaet progree of the innings. \- The South Aeatralian team was just the same as the one that played in thefirst match, but, to the dissappoiument of many, the genial captain of the English team was too nowell to play, and his place was taken by sapy, humphreve standing out with Stoddart and Pbiipson acting as captain. George eifen of course was elected captain of the South Australian team, and he was fortunate enough to win the toss. "'The side that wins the toes wins the match" was the comment in the pavilion, as achange in the weather seemed likely, but at the close of the first day's play neither the change in the weather nor the issue of the game seemed certain. My comments on the play will be more in the way of notes than a report. The last time I saw English cricketers play on the Adelaide Oval, some time between, fifteen and twenty years. ago, their' opponents numbered eighteen or twenty-two (I forget which), and my impresion is that the local men spent more time in going to and from the wickets than they did in the creases, but now we have changed all that and a South Australian eleven iatreated with respect by the beet eleven that Epngland can send to our shores. Two burly South Australians, whose forms are familiar on nearly every gieat cricket ground in the wbrld, J. J. Lyonses and A. H. Jarvis, started the batting, but their stay at the wickets, much to my disappointment, was short, as the .former,after playilgabouta dozen bellse, retired with 6 to his credit, and a few overs after the latter returned to the pavilion with 5 against .his name. George Gifflen, as usual, came in at the fall of the first wicket, and played one of Sbs cautious and useful innings. He bore the S.brsnt o Richardson's attac during his two houre' occupaney of the wickets, saw five men retire, and the ohanoe with which he was di, missed when he had exnaotly reached his aver age (S1, was the onlyone he gave. Dasrlieg' -wsee merry life, hbut all too short. He plsyed thirteen balsle and scored 15 runa from five • igorons strokees, and was then beaten by a beauty from Richardann, who was bowling splendidly and up to that time had a record of three for 55, but his next wicket cost loim 87 more, as his average at the ead'of the day was four for 122. J. Reedman is s aplendidl bats nia and his innings was a treat to witness. His score of 4G wos mnade from fortytwo balls, and comprised a fi?er, five fours, four thlree, four twos, and one single, an. then hlie had the mnisfortune to be run out. Dyer retired at his third ball from Briggs without scoring, and Blinman played 32 balls for 3 runs, when he o~ffered Peel a catch from Ricnardson wh!ich was accepted. When at330 (;. Giflen retir d with seven wickelts for 137 there were imany who thoeghtthat 150 would co?er the innings. hot until the close of the day Clem Hill and Walter Giffen kept possession bf the creases, and by fine cricket, despite repeated changes of bowling, increased the score to 230 by 515, when the stunomps were drawn, Clem Hill having compiled 63 without gijiog "a ghost of a chance" as a neighbour of msnneremarked : and \WalterGiffen 35 with only one chance,a hotb return to Bdrigge. I am just shabout to start to see the second day's play, an4 am sorry to learn from this mornring's papr that A. H. lTarvia met with an accident when driving homet from the cricket ground, whice, though apparently not very serious, will at any rate prevent him from playing to-day. 