THE GRASSHOPPER'S FEAST. Br Ixion, "Come, put on your hats, and away let us haste ■ To the butterfly's ball and the grasshopper's feast; The "ins and onto" of cricket are as mysterious to womankind—Old, New, or Neither—as procedure of Parliament or the machinery of a steamboat. On the first day of the great match, two rosebud girls, look ing as sweet as the morning dew in pink and white dresses and " angel halo bats," were arguing about the toss. " I'm sure Stoddart won. You can't deceive me." " How vexing you are! Giffen won, I'm certain." The matter was referred to a cricketing friend (a mere male creature), who had very unwillingly to decide that George won the toss. "There, now, what did I tell you?" " I don't believe it a bit, and if Giffen did win he let Stoddart go in because the Aus tralians went in first in Sydney. Now then !" This argument beat the other girl all the way. One of the remarkable things about cricket is that captains seem to be choBen tor their lack of knowledge of the game. There is not a man outside the fence 'who could hot captain a team better than the leader chosen. And these onlookers put their instructions so nicely into a nutshell too. " Take yersel' orf." "Wy doncher pitch 'em hup?" " Give Smith a show, carnt yer ?" " Wy dontcher bowal both hends ?" " Take 'im orf." "Get 'im a heezy chair." "Giv' Butterfingers a sack," and so on. Now, would it not be as well, in order to save these directors shouting their instructions, to the injury of their baritone voices, to have a stand-pipe coming up just behind the middle stump, the other end to be placed where the crowd is thickest round the ground. Every over the captain could put his ear to the pipe, be told exactly what to do, and how to do it Then all would go well—with the other side. Foreigners find cricket most difficult to grasp. They cannot even get a fair hold of the general idea. Frenchmen, for instance, can box, row, race, bicycle, tennis, and shoot fairly well, but le cricket is beyond them. Even Max O'Rell, who knew us and our little games like a book, left it severely alone. A cricket club was once started in Paris, and an English professional of the Tom Emmett school was secured to coach mem bers. The pro. picked up some French words during the time he was getting the ground read}', and with a fine Yort® shire accent explained the game to the first batsman. "11 fo standay oop, mosso, devay before votre stoomps. Cum Bar, prenay gard. Je bowal,and if yer don't swipe it I'll taake yer blessed wicket; oonder stanny, mosso?" The affair ended by the Frenchmen insisting on being fed with a hollow indiarnbber ball. ThiB so disguBted the instructor that he threw up his appoint ment and went home. In explaining the | circumstance afterwards to his mates he used to say, " Whoy, I wonder they didn't ax me to blow boobbles at 'em out of a poipe!" When a great match is going on in thej M.C.C. ground there are some curious sights | to be seen outside. Every tree that commands a view even of a very small portion of the play is full of human boys. Generally some particular branch takes in more than the rest of the tree together, and on this they perch in a row, giving information to their less fortunate mates below and above them. Sometimes the branch gives way. Then there is a crack, followed byv the swishing of leaves, and the ground is strewn with boyB rubbing the places hurt the most. On the rising ground, wherever there is a peep hole to be had between the elms, a long Indian file of onlookers get glimpses of the game. Bits of fiying batsmen, running fields men, with an occasional full- length'portrait of an umpire, are to be had. The principal food of these patient watchers is roars which | tell of a big hit, a bungle, or a wicket. All trifles of information are passed along the line and shared with those above in .the trees. In the line of the scoring-board Is .* favourite spot, and the numbers bang changed is all that is seen of a game lqr those on this vantage ground. On the top of one of the houses in Joliraont a gentleman enjoys the match through a tele scope fixed on a stand. His field must be limited, but, of course, he cannot expect to have everything for nothing in this world, j Maybe he dislikes mixing with his fellowmen, and prefers taking his cricket alone on the housetop. People have odd fancies. The old, Salt, for instance, who took his chair down to the seashore close to.the waves, and sat there all day Jong, bis reason being 'that he couldn't abear anytbinkbetween him and the offing." The M.C.C. ground on January 1 was a sight to be remembered for long years to | come, Even the most ancient cricketing Pistol present (who has never missed dozing through every big match played) woke op occasionally to have a look at it. The reserve fronting the stand was a plateau of straw hats. Along the heavy coping in front of the stand boys were «ifcfcjng in gconps of threes and fonts,or standing,hanging on to the railinglike flies struggling on fly-paper. The stand iteelf was packed, gangways, steps, I and all. fn the ladies'reserve parasols and sunshades were. up, but thejr were held low down touching the bonneta, as if in fear of the gallant "Constant Header" or "A Lover of the Mjudy Game" whisking them off and leaving their owners to the mercy of the freckling and browning sun. Bound the ground was a black ring of hnman beings rising in shelves some 40ft. back, dotted with | white faces and tiny specks of collars and shirts fronts. When a fiver was hit into this the black mass yawed open like an earth | quake and the ball fell in the clear space on ♦he asphalt, Then the gap olosed again as suddenly as it opened, and the red sphere came swiftly out into the field. The changes in a first-class match are almost as complete and sudden as thoBe^ of the experienced politician. Until the divi sion is over you can never tell where he is and where he is not; and until the last ball is bowled it is good business not to have known all the time that our fellows or the other fellows hadn't the ghost of a show. In racing, mining speculation, and cricket there is nothing so uncertain as a " sure thing.". The only certainty in this world is—change. All cricketers have clockwork peculiarities, especially bowlers. When George Giffen starts to trundle he takes his first few steps after the manner cats are popularly supposed to dance oh hot bricks. When he has finished these he makes his run, and while doing so always wets his finger before taking the ball from the left hand. Turner, when he has got to the end of his track, swings his left foot before starting back again to deliver. Trumble bowls with his head on one side, as if he had a stiff neck, or was afraid of shifting his ear in delivering the ball. Richardson has a peculiar crouching run, his feet seeming to fly out at right angleB. Lockwood does a peculiar twinkle with his feet just before delivery. Bruoe stands at his crease as motionless as a white tableau vivant-. Stod dart crouches in an attitude of eager watchfulness, Briggs's antics remind one of Frank Allan, once likrned to an Indian look ing for'a lost trail. If ever the day should come for cricketers to be immortalised in the waxworks—and such small fry as emperors, kings, and queens are already there—their characteristic attitudes must not be for gotten. George Giffen in the act of moisten ing his finger, nnd Hamlet's words beneath him, "Still your finger on your lips, thus4," and Turner, just swinging his right foot, with the motto, " I can turn and turn, and still go on," would be a fine object lesson to the rising generation of cricketers. It seems a great oversight that there is no order of merit for cricketers. There are plenty of crosses and stars for men who have done nothing in comparison with great players at our national game. For ribbon they could have the colours of their blazers, and for title therecouldbe D.C.O.T.B.—"Day commander of the bat or ball," as the case may be. Perhaps the next Governor may see his way to extend the hospitalities of Govern ment-house. There are dinners to hunting men, shooting men, polo men, racing men, and why not cricket men? Nearly every cricketer is a jovial fellow, and can either sing a good song or tell a good story. His Excellency would have a real good time with the wieldere of the willow, and as they would of course, appear in their blazers and their orders, the spectacle would be most brilliant; The "ballet of the bats" in the Princess's pantomime wouldn't be a circumstance to a cricketing dinner when thoroughly going. We hear a good deal and see a good deal of reversal of form on the turf nowadays, but what is that to the mysterions reversals of cricketers' form ? Why, even the most bare faced horses are not in it with some batsmen. What excuse, for instance, can there possibly be for a man who in one innings can't even break bis duck, and in the next romps home, hard held, not out, with 200 to his credit, and going Btrong ? It is a good thing we hare no cricket stewards, or surely there would be a good deal of "carpeting." Of course such pleas as the ball" bumping," being "interfered" with by the wicketkeeper or the " fielders," would be put in. But these excuses do not hold good in racing, unless some miracle evidence in support is vouchsafed, and this is very hard to get and still harder to believe. Of course it would never do to punish a cricketer after the manner of jockeys, and make him "stand down" for a season, because if this were done there would never be mi Australian eleven at all. In the very worst instances a baavyfine,Buchasetoppingaman'sshandygaffs for a month,could be inflicted. In less serious cases he could be condemned to take nothing but water during an innings. For minor offences the torture on the rack might be administered. 