salHl 31,111 j ffi mlhH ll«liaft mlxvlMS gy c r'>. ,-, -,'!'. -?--Va..-- :ft- '""' ' " "i"1'' -f ?:'t-''y- V"... - «j - y r1 ".-' i - ' »- k, . " BY IDJL; DKAHJU - It was two days beiox Christmas, 3K when Iaxrived at Korrlngton Halt . fliaties onon : were a tradition of the . counird and there wan not' a Wtnee la the neighborhood where, owing: to llie geaf; erosltyof Sir Robert and Lady Norring- too, a good piece of beef /and a rabbit or fowl or goose, in addition to a large pudding-, did not afford Christmas fare to the poorest, « >. — Liady Norrington and 1 had beenut school together, and our girl friendship had continued , unchanged , during her active life as mistress of Norrington Hall, and my quiet,- spinsterly exist ence as governess in different families, and my Christinas visit to Norrington was as regular a part of my life as the recurrence of the festival in each year's calendar. " I had my doubts if my friend Lady Norrington was a happy woman. These doubts were" rather a undefined instinct than an outcome of any ascertained fact. I fancied at times I could detect X Cloud of anxiety in her soft blue ayes, itnd a want of interest in" her daily oc cupations whieh suggested some men tal preoccupation. People said Sir Ro bert was a man of morbid character. He .was undoubtedly reserved and un sociable; perhaps the gloom of his dis position cast a shadow over his wife's fife, in spite of her own explanation of her husband's moroseness being the consequence of & liver complaint ac quired when he was in India. I was at Norrington Hall some ten Chris tmases ago, when he returned from his wanderings. He had not com municated with his parents at home for over two years, and they were in doubt If he were alive or not. In his early days he had been very extravagant, and several mortgages had to be effected on the estate to pay off his debts. Then suddenly he had disappeared. "India" being the vague description of his destination. The Christmas gathering at the Hall had still been continued, and among the guests were myself and my friend. Miss Mutiey, between whom and Robert Norrington an early affection had exist ed, and which had beeen formally recog nised by an engagement just before the heir of Norrington Hall had started on his travels. - We were starting to church on the Christmas Day when Robert Norring ton appeared among us. But Robert Norrington was greatly changed and sobered from the careless, dare-devil young man who had left England two years previously. Already, doubtless, die liver complaint had worked its rav ages, affecting alike his character and appearance. He spoke generally of two years of jard and successful work, and brought vsth him the means to pay off the mort gages and to put everything on its old footing of comfort and ease. At the early dinner that afternoon a merry party gathered round the hospitable board. Old Sir James and Da dy Nor rington seemed to have persuaded Fa ther Time to lift ten years from their shoulders. Miss Mutiey blushed again as the past was renewed in the pre sent, and all the other guests were anl- , mated by the happiness which enliven ed our host and hostess. Robert NGrrihgtdn was alone silent and moody; but this might be fatigue, or perhaps even the remembrance of past follies, which, fury like, haunt the mind when quiet and peace dispose it to reflection. An incident occurred at that dinner, which remains impressed on my mem ory, more from its apparent effect on Robert Norrington than from any cir cumstance that openly followed on it. When the pudding was on the table, the butler went round to Robert Nor? rington and whispered something in his ear. The color left the young man's face as he hastily questioned the ser- ' vant in an undertone, then turning to fris father, he requested to be excused for a few minutes as someone had called to see him. This was extraordinary, considering the young man's sudden and unexpect ed home coming; but Robert Norring ton offered no further explanation, and hastily left the room. He was absent about five minutes, end then returned, introducing a friend, for whom a place was made , at the table. ' The friend was an Indian named Rah mud, with keen, sharp, almond-shaped eyes and glittering white teeth, strong ly contrasting with bis black hair, slight moustache, and dark complexion. More over, when he came into the room he seemed to bring with him a subtle per fume, reminding one of the scented In dian woods and Eastern beads. The presence of the stranger complete ly altered the demeanor of Robert Nor- rington. He became lively. almost up roarious; he drank deeply, whereas be fore he had - scarcely touched the wine : In his glass, and k leaked-out in conver sation tba&ams;&ter; he "had neglected: ko see to before leaving India wpul& ne- ' e£esMate hfe acopmpanying Rahmud to / London immediately— 4n fact, they ; v wbUKI "fitfert the niext day, before any-' ... / one Walking to the -station bo Jsoon after Six. Sir James, with whom .;A " Hie vitas of hospitality were" almost as ; - aatrdd as those of religion, protest — the station. Rahmud/ scued inclined to think the propc>sai reanabIe, but \- Robert Norrmgtanwould not hear of I ti$e arrangement. ".//It was /about _five. the next morning: i»ne 'the sertaate heard some : movement In the house, followed short? ly after by the -opening and shutting of the hoiise-door. Two glasses that had been used "for brandy and soda "were ' -found on the diningrObm table when the servants came down, and it was con cluded that, the Indian had carried off tile heir to London. But this supposi tion was contradicted at breakfast time, when Robert Norrington appeared and explained that, after a chat with Rah mud, it had been arranged that the matter of business could, be settled with-: nut hispresence, and that having given full authority to the Indian, Rahmud had set but alone. . Some months later Robert Norrington married my. friend, Miss Mutiey, and WHhin seven years. Sir James having followed Lady Norrington to the grave, Robert Norrington reigned in his stead. But a truce to reminiscences. What I have to tell relates to the present, though, after all, perhaps the brief ketch that I have given of the past may help to explain my narrative. ; On/my arrival at the hall, Lady Nor rington bad carried me off to her bou doir, and ; we settled down to our an nual confidential chat, such as women who have been separated for months love. The tea-things were arranged on a small table, and, shortly after, we were seated in cosy chairs by the bright wood fire, one of the servants brought in the steaming tea-pot. It was a girl, who had been some years at the Hall, and I nodded recognition with some short remark. On looking at the girl I was struck on notaciiigthat she wore a brooch of rare Indian workmanship. As a constant frequenter of museums, I am a fine judge of such matters, and I felt sure the trinket was of considerable value, ajid was curious to know how she became poessed of it. "What a pretty brooch that is you are ! wearing, Emma?" I said. The girl blushed as she replied, "I have just bought it. Mies, of an Indian girl who is travelling about selling jewellery. She was caught in the snow storm, and came Gn to the Hall, as there is no other house for over a mile. All the servants have bought some trifle from her, as she seems in great distress, and she is waiting in the kitchen till the storm is past." Then, looking at her brooch, the girl added. "I have just bought this, and put it in my dress not "to lose it till I could go up stairs." "It is a dreadful evening for a girl to be out in," said Lady Norrington, look ing up from attending to the tea. "She had better wait in the kitchen till the storm holds up; and see, Emma, that she is given something to eat and drink." I concluded I must be mistaken, in my estimate of the value cf the trinket, and the subject passed for the time from my mind. The fire was burning brightly in the grate in my room that night when I retired to rest, but I was tired, and was soon in bed and asleep. My first slum ber must have been short, for when I awoke the room was still well lighted by the bright embers in the grate. I am a light sleeper, and my waking instinct was that something had. aroused me. Such a feeling naturally sharpens the senses, and though I laid quiet, I was distinctly sensible of hearing a sound of crawling on the floor. I raised myself softly in bed, and saw a figure in white, apparently on its hands and knees, creeping on the floor, examining the old wainscoting of the walls, and seemingly from a distinct sniffing sound It emitted seeking out the locale of some smell. \- It must be a dog' that has got into the room, T hoped, but" the strange, weird like outline of the figure forbade this matter-of-fact explanation. Was it a nightmare ? - Was it- — But a creepy sensation of the supernatural deprived me of conjecture, "and I seemed only able to note the movements of my strange companion without the power of reflec tion. . R passed round the fireplace, still In the same crawling posture, and. arriv ing nearly opposite to where, I was sit ting in bed remained for name- time drawing in its breath in audible sniffs. Suddenly it rose to its feet, with Its back towards ma It was a human figure, or a spectre endowed with mor tal presentiment. A long white garment clothed it. It raised its arms, and placing two fingers of one hand on the oaken panelling of the walls, gently tapped on them- with the corresponding fingers of the other hand, much in the way e doctor may sound thecheSt of a patient. I don't know if I moved, caus ing a rustle of the bedclothes, but sud denly the figure faced me. Two bright eyes gleamed on me; a scream came to my lips, but so sudden was the move ment of my assailant that it was stifled ere it could find utterance. A strong, nervous hand was on my mouth, and X was forced back In my bed. I oan re member 'so far, but ho more. I prob ably fainted, or was Tendered nncon- scions; and when I came to myself the fire .was out, the zoom quite dark, and my nerves so shaken I dared not move, and bad not, the strength to scream. : The exhaustion,' following on the ner vous strain, threw me lnjto a deep sleep, and Idid not awake till the sun was shining into my room the next morning. Had it not been for a certain stiffness . thebjdhad rested- to. close my mouth, was so. fender that it gave a reality in my;reG6Uest|6ns. / My .firet kction was tget out of bed to -see if -my purse, and. vaicfa, which I find placed jon' the dressing table, were stiff there. . Yesi they -were sale, and I could detect nothing that had been disr turbed. y . , I then examined the door. It was locked as I had feff It, with the key in- ; side. It was clear that however ipy midnight visitor had found access to my apartment egress could not have been i obtained through the door. | To use a paradox,' the only reasonable conclusion to arrive at Was an unrea- ! sonable one — that some supernatural agency had been at work, or that I had been the victim of some dreadful dream, and that in an imaginary struggle I had struck my face against the bed post. I am very sensitive of ridicule, and above everything pride myself on sound, common sense. I therefore determined to keep my night's experience to my self, and to seek indirectly to avoid sleeping in the same room again. That morning at breakfast I thought Sir Robert seemed less depressed I than usual, and shortly after the meal ! he started off- for London, saying he ; should be back for dinner. j " I had a long chat with Lady Norring- | ton during the course of the day, and learned with surprise that she was har- i assed about money matters. This was i surprising, considering that since Sir Robert's accession a uncle of his had died, and a rich entailed estate, produc ing a clear net income of six thousand a year had been inherited by him. "Our income must be at least twelve thousand a year," said Lady Norring ton, "and yet with what Sir Robert al lows me for household expenses I can scarcely keep free from debt. 1 fear at times my husband must gamble, or back horses for large amounts, or en ter into speculations on the Stock Ex change. Tot none of these explana tions seem satisfactory, fcr in any of these alternatives he would surely be sometimes successful, whereas there seems a constantly increasing drain on our resources." That evening when Sir Robert re turned from, town he appeared a new man. His care was thrown aside, and the change was so noticeable that he explained he had seen his doctor, and had heard the welcome news that he was on the fair road to complete re covery. lie brought down various little Christinas presents for us alL "I know what ycu have got for me. uncle," said a little niece of Lady Nor rington, whose turn to receive her pre sent came last — "an Indian bead neck lace.' I noticed Sir Robert's face turn pale. "Wrong. Polly; it is a little gold bangle," he replied, as he handed her a box from a jeweller's. "What was the cause of your guess?" "Oh, because I can smell that scent those kind of things have, and as no one else had one, I thought it must be reserved for me." A worried look came over Sir Ro bert's face. I noticed the scent the child referred to. and was instantly reminded ; of many years ago when a. similar odor I was noticeable on Rahmud, the Indian, entering the room — no sense like smell" ; possessing so strong a power in calling ! up almost forgotten memories. That evening after dinner as we sat ; round the huge log fire, it was proposed to keep Christmas Eve in the good old- fashioned way of telling ghost or other blood-curdling stories, and on my turn I coming round I described my previous night's adventure, though I concealed j my identity with the sufferer, and shift ed the scene of action to some lone'y eld car t»e on the Rhine. I was surprised to notice the interest Sir Robert took In my story, and when I had finished he closely questioned me as to details. Later on in the evening, when I was looking out some music, he crossed over to me and asked me where I had heard that strange ghost story — or was it a dream that had happened to myself? "Do you know," he added, " '" that the description of the room might fit seve ral of the bedchambers at N or rington ?" T don't know," I answered, "If it -was a dream or & vision — it was very real." . "It was a dream," he rejoined, de cisively- Tt must have been a dream. This old plaoe is haunted with dreams. I have such dreams night after night, but why," he added, meditatively, should such dreams come to you?" Tills conversation did not act as & tonic to my nerves. A certain feeling of pride prevented me, however, confessing to the nervous ness which possessed me. During the day I had persuaded away my fears, but it was now a different thing that night had set In and that my feelings were agitated with the ghostly recitals of the evening, and more especially by the terrible reality which my experi ences had acquired by putting them In to words. My bedroom was to me a terror, and I dreaded loneliness -with the horror of a nervous child. ThEt evening snapdragon and the va rious other festivities which give wel come to Christinas morn delayed our sitting up till long af ter midnight. Yet this, was scarcely any oonsblation to me, as I reflected that |n all probability those occupying the bedroon adjoining -mine would only sleep the sounder; and under the' vainest pretext X managed to carry Lady Norrington with me to my. bedroom. We sat up talking till conversation znlghV be oslecp/ sed at' disturbed.- he would probably berat" less for the remainder of the elffJ retired to a dreesingroom .adjoining tne bedroom, in which a bed waa made up> and in which she occasionally slept dur ing his frequent fits of insomnia, retired trembling to bed, but not to sleep. My ears were constantly on the alert, and though at times I occasionally closed my eyes, it was only almost im mediately to open them again expecting to see some terrifying sight in front of me. Three struck from the clock on my mantelpiece, and the quiet of death seemed to reign at the Hall- I was comforting myself by reflecting that ac cording to all rules and precedents "the hour when graves do give up their dead was past," and was gradually obtain ing more courage when I heard a rust ling in the wainscoting. At .any other time I should have been satisfied with an explanation of rats, but tny quickly pulsating heart and throbbing brain prepared me for the supernatural. I can scarcely explain my sentiments when I heard & distinct scratching at the wall of my room, just where I had seen the figure standing the previous night ; but at present, though the sound was distinctly audible, nothing was vis ible. A creaking noise followed; the fire, which had been flickering and had slightly lighted the room, now died down to an expiring glow, and I could distinguish nothing til I a gain t a white figure, my visitant of the night before, passed In front of. the fire, and. stood bending over my dressing- table. There was a momentary flicker in the grate, which enabled me to see that the whi to-shrouded fcrm had taken my j candlestick, and was retreating to what | j appeared like a dark patch in the wali. I In a moment confidence returned to j iJ me. The act was that of a mortal, j the dark shadow was an opening in the j wall, and I silently glided from my 1 j bed with the intention of pursuit. I j ' groped to the wall — yes, there was a ! panel that slided back, and which had j j not been left quite closed, so I -did not j I need to find the secret spring to open j | I pushed it back, but complete dark- j 1 ness met me — at least, so it seemed at ; I first, though after a lew seconds I was ; conscious that there was a glimmer of j I reflected light from round the corner, i My matches and candle were gone. I What could I do ? Seek aid ? Alarm I the house ? While I hesitated, Fate ! worked out its ends. i j I was still standing irresolute, when j I two sharp pistol reports rang through j the house; and rushing out on the land- j ing, I was soon joined by the trembling j I occupants of the neighboring rocnts.As | t we huddled tgether like a frightened , I herd of deer. repeated screams | | reached us. They came from Lady Nor- j I rington's room, whither we hurried j A dreadful sight met cur view. Lady | | Norrington was bending over the body | I of her husband, who had been stabbed ! to the heart. j "I can, perhaps," T exclaimed, "find a j j solution to this mystery. Come to my j L room." j f Some of the servants and two gentle- j j men who were staying in the hcuse fol- j ! lowed me, while others had hurried to ! i the stables to get ready a trap to fetch 1 j the nearest doctor. i "It is through there the murderer is j i to- be found," I said, pointing to the I' open panel. On examination we found that lead- i ing to the opening in my room was a 1 steep flight of steps, which communi- 1 cated with a narrow passage which ran 1 between the walls of the house. l We first examined the passage, which | we found passed round the intervening bedrooms till it skirted that which had I been Sir Robert's. Probably there was | a panel which opened in the room, though we did not find it that night, and it was not discovered until some years afterwards, when the old Hall was pulled down. The searchers then returned to the steps, which they slowly descended. At the bottom was a large cavern, which in former days had prob ably been used; as a hiding-place. As the lanterns were lowered to the ground a white mass was discovered, which closer inspection proved to be the fig ure ot the Indian girl who had sold jewellery to the servants of Nqrrlngtoa Hall two evenings previously. On lift ing the girl It was discovered that she was dead, two pistol bullets being lodg ed in her body. The two shots fired by Sir Robert in self-defence had thus had deadly effect, but not before she had had time to murder the baronet — and for what reason? An amulet set with costly brilliants of exceptional sire was clasped in one of her dead hands. Was robbery, therefore, the motive that had brought her to her untimely end ? The valuable ornament was of Indian make, and if It had been in Sir Robert's possession, no one knew he owned a trinket the worth of which was valued at over a hundred thousand pounds. When the dead body of the girl had been removed, it was found that she had thrown herself for her last reeling place on a human skeleton which had probably been for yearsrin the cavern, and subsequent investigations sop. tested that these mortal remains were those of the Indian Rahmud, who had visited Norrington Hall the day of Sir Robert's return from India, „ .. . . . , .. .... ... ' - worked wiwtssrars but tbe result of their; d!iebt» was never made public, though I heard pri vately some time after that when the next-of-kin succeeded to the Norrington estates he had caused the costly amu let to be sent back to India; so this seemed to preclude the idea that it was really the- property of the Norringtons and that the Indian girl's crime had been prompted by the Idea of plunder. The matter remained, and has remained a mystery to the public, and maybe is quoted as another example of the in competence of our police. I am privileged in being able to give some details which may partly eluei- date.tfce strange facts which I have re lated. This opportunity occurred to me In the following manner; — I met one day one of the detectives who had been employed by Lady Nor? rington. He had "then retired from the force, and was living In a little cottage close by the seat of a nobleman, where I was engaged as governess and com panion to an only daughter. Chance threw the man in tny way, ; and, perhaps naturally enough, we fell to talking of Sir Robert's death, and I ; expressed my wonder that no explana tion had been forthcoming. "You see, miss," the man answered, 1 "the police in England are not the same as in other countries; so many matters have to be hushed up, and then the ; police get blamed for stupidity. You hear of jewel robberies which baffle the police. Nine cases out of ten it turns out that a son cr friend or even a hus band had taken the valuables; so the hatter has to be hushed up, and the police are put down as incompetent. : Sometimes the lady sells her own jewel? to pay her dressmaker, and then teils I her husband they have been stolen. | When we find out these things we are I told to hush them up, and the public i cries out that we are incompetent." I "Perhaps this is so." I replied; "but I nothing of this kind could have oc- j eurred in the Norrington case." | "Well, you see. miss, we made our inquiries and sent in our report to the family, and it was thought better not to go on with our search. I don't see that I can do much harm in letting you know what we did find our, as Sir Robert has : gone and poor Lady Norrington is ' dead, and the Indian and bis daughter are both gone to their last account. You see. miss, you were one of the actors in the drama, and therefore have a kind of right to know. Well, when the matter was put imo our hands, our first Inquiry was to discover what Sir Robert had done hi India, and hew he had acquired his money. We found that no one of the name of Norrington had been in India; but we Identified Sir Robert with a young man by the name of Morris, who had been employed by ; a rich native named Rahmud in a con- | fidentiai capacity. Ah. miss, I see you I remember the name of Rahmud. It ap- ; p eared that Morris had suddenly left ; his employer, who had almost Imtiie- ; dlately started in his pursuit, having missed, directly Morris had left, a valu- | able amulet, worth in money alone over ; one hundred thousand pounds, but worth to the Rahmucs even more, as this ornament was supposed to be of taiismanic value to their family. | "It appears that on reaching England Morrts become once again Norrington, and after spending some days in Lon don, came on to Norrington Hall at Christmas tide, and that he was shortly after followed by Rahmud, who must f have been, by the way, a sharp fellow ! in following up clues. They were to leave Norrington the next morning. Rahmud was supposed to have done so, though he was never heard of after that time, when he re tired to bed — and that was his body un doubtedly that was found in the cavern. "If the facts had been made public, people might have said that Sir Robert murdered, for same reason or another, Rahmud, and concealed his body in the cavern, and played the little game of the two glasses and. the opening and shutting of the hail-door just to avert suspicion. Perhaps people would have been right; hut mind, I don't express an opinion. "Well, miss, after the disappearance of Rahmud. things seem to have gone on fkirly well at the Hall till this Indian young woman turned up to sell jewel lery to the servants. , We discovered easily enough that she was the daughter of Rahmud, though how she found out Sir Robert offers a little difficulty. Pen- haps her father, on making the dis covery, may have written, though this explanation hardly satisfies me, as there seems no reason for the delay. However, after some years she appears on, the scene, gains over the servants with cheap jewellery, has a chat with the housekeeper, hears from her about Rahmuds visit, is told what roam he occupied, and when she has beeu given some cold provisions, profits by oil the servants being out ot the kitchen to sUp away unpercelvedL It Is naturally concluded she has gone, but In reality. It seems, she found her woy to your tuom-whlch was the one occupied by Rehmud when be slept at Korrington-<- and hides herself under the bed or In tfes wardrobq, waiting to pursue her In "And. we eometb vant -mnirtv., ???;, Xgptetaea by tftefacttrf certain Indian families Uglim k nerfiim. the of trbtch to themselves, and which' Is a family thts Mrt(eCihlWren — b«">febt up" to this particular Mor. and members o£ a family are able to detect trices of it lingering about nooks and corners long after it would be imperceptible to anordi- nary nofee. They ate trained to it like a setter or bloodhound, only like an Indian s power of hearing this sense is carried to an acuteness which seems incredible to us. <: The grl p robahly thus discovered where her father bad disappeared, and striving to ascertain if the panel were hollow, caused you to move and de tected you were awake. You know what followed. Probably she dragged you, and discovered the secret spring again by her marvellous acutenesr of smelling as possibly when Sir Robert pressed the spring he had already killea Ralvmud, and possibly some of the scent which was so strong on the Indian had been transferred to the thumb or finger with which he pressed the spring. i mention this as an explanation of her discovery of the spring, the secret of which was only known to the late baronet, and which, by an old conservative custom of the family, was never trusted to any one by the reigning baronet except to his eldest son. "She probably remained in the cavern all that night and the next day wait ing for the next night to complete her work. You know on the Christmas Eve Sir Robert went to London. We discovered the motive of his journey to be to release from pawn the amulet which on his return from India he had pledged with a wealthy firm of Jews for sixty thousand pounds in order to pay off the mortgages on the estates. It appears for years that he had been cutting down expenses and saving in every possible manner to get together this money. The public may say that a remorse "of conscience prompted him to return the amulet to the Rahmud family. You say he complained of un easy dreams, and that the evening he could effect this purpose he seemed to have taken a fresh lease of life. This fact might support the idea which I have attributed to the public, though for myself. I would not express an opinion. "Now we come to the concluding act. It stands in proof that the amulet was enclosed in a box strongly scented with the particular perfume of the Rah muds. Perhaps this guided the girl to Sir Roberts room; we cannot say what was her particular motive — whether re venge for her father, whether a stronger family duty of regaining the talisman. When, by discovery of the secret panel, she gained admittance to Sir Robert's room, her keen sense told her imme diately that the amulet box was under his pillow. If she would have been content to regain the talisman, who can say ? But Sir Robert was awake, and seizing his revolver, fired twice with deadly aim before she could reach his bedside. Although the wounds were mortal, she yet effected perhaps her double purpose, and managed to stagger back with the talisman to die on her father s remains. That appears to be the true explanation, miss. Of course this is strictly confidential. We don't, care what the public says about our incompetency. In fact, the public don't know it themselves, and we don't want them to. but the wider of the mark they are in their conjectures, the greater is h» service thev are doing us detec- tives."— "Weekly Budget." 