CAMPBELLTOWN. No two places could be found more unlike than the little Scotch seaport of Campbelltown, in the Cantire peninsula, backed by bleak and stony hills, and with the Atlantic breaking, not many miles away, in thunderous foam upon a wild and rocky coast; and the Campbelltown of New South Wales, snugly ensconced amid the green and smiling uplands of South-east Cumberland. So called, it is said, by Governor Macquarie, in compliment to the great Argyleshire clan to which his wife belonged, and founded by him in 1820, the Australian township is described, 15 years later, as "a place of some note, and around it vegetation is particularly active, and agricul- ture seems to possess a firm hold. Bunbury Curran, stocked with a fine race of blunt and independent natives, has become greatly advanced in its path to rural opulence and happiness." In 1858 the railway was opened to Sydney, and a "Directory" for 1893 speaks of the surrounding country as an agricultural and "rising wine- growing district," and the town itself as "one of the oldest in the colony," with a population of 2381\. To call a town only in its seventy-fourth year "old" is to make open confession of the youngness of our state, and to descant upon its antiquities would seem to dwellers in the parent West, used to the sight of cities and vil- lages grown grey in the lapse of centuries, as ludicrous beyond the power of words to convey. Nevertheless, one needs but con- sider the changed aspect of Sydney, rid of its older and homelier buildings, and drawn out in interminable lines of suburban villas, made after prevailing patterns, or at the newer settle- ments springing up, broadcast, throughout the land, and to compare them with Campbelltown, to see that rapidity of progress and the force of altered conditions may separate as effectually as length of years, and confer on the period they have immediately preceded all the interest, and much of the dignity, of age. Here we are brought face to face with the colony as it was in the crudeness of its youth, and while still innocent of art. From the primitive looking "Saint Patrick's Inn" --emblematic of the re- ligious communion once so dominant in the place \--at the lower end of the central thoroughfare, to the yet quainter "Jolly Miller" at the upper, is plainly writ the time when every man was his own architect, and built as seemed right in his own eyes \--with the result that (as in similar settlements) we have the curious series of the long cottage towered over by the high chimney, like a dwarf swaggering under a tall hat; short and disproportioned walls crouch- ing beneath the lofty coverture with jutting eaves; now and again the general effect of a house of cards; or the stout two-storyed tenement, with rows of narrow windows set thick together, and close under the sloping roof, resembling nothing so much as a child's untaught attempt at drawing on a slate, and patented, at a glance, as of the order Macquarie -- a style none could wish perpetuated, and we waft a sigh of gratitude to the memory of Commissioner Bigge, whose inappreciativeness in this respect saved us from a metropolitan cathedral designed to have become a miracle and monument of ugli- ness. But the work of the Highland Viceroy has been enduring, if not elegant. On Campbelltown and its contemporaries he has set his strong sign manual, and we can no more keep him out of them than a recent correspondent of this journal could keep spinnifex out of his descriptive sketches of Western Australia. It is pleasing, as we ramble leisurely through the main and the side streets, to note the marked absence of the ruined huts and hovels which, in the early colonial township, are usually found, cheek by jowl, with the better and more sub- stantial buildings. Even as a plain woman com- mendably strives at her glass to look the best she can, so here, legitimate paint and whitewash, and repairing, have made the most of the sorry architecture, and there is a pervading air of well-to-do-ness corroborative of the prosperity claimed for the district. The new courthouse is a memento of the Centennial Year; but the chief lion is the English Church of St Peter's, near the entrance to the town, and, were a Campbelltonian your cicerone, he would tell you, with pardonable pride, how long it has stood there, and how many memories hover round the old red walls. Celebrating in 1893 its seven- tieth anniversary, St Peter's ranks, along with St Luke's, Liverpool, St James', Sydney, and St Matthew's, Windsor, as one of the "historic churches" of the country, and shares, in com- mon with them, a plain and unadorned exterior. The interior, now much altered and modernised, was originally intended to seat 200 persons. Small though it is it is rich in memorial windows, tablets, fittings,, and communion vessels,--graceful tributes to the departed who have worshipped within it, or been interested in the welfare of the parish. Hard and cold, the utilitarian spirit that would banish such offerings hence easily found the golden mean between the blankness and bareness often insisted on as best befitting the House of God, and the craze for its ornamentation, so apt to glide into forgetfulness of the real object of regard. Three windows, by local donors, severally com- memorate Mrs. Barker, first wife of the Bishop of Sydney, and foundress of the Clergy Daughters' School; Canon Vidal and Canon Stack, both these clergymen having occupied the cure. The first incumbent was the Rev Thomas Reddall, and--a thing rare in Australia though of frequent occurrence in England--his son was among the number of his successors, the list of whom includes the Rev. Mr. Forrest, once head master of King's School, and the Rev. W. B. Clarke, distinguished as a scientist. In the adjoining churchyard the familiar names of Broughton, Riley, and Kendall are amongst those to be read upon the stones, and various are the associations they recall; nor can we pass unnoticed a kerbed and neatly-tended grave, inscribed to Mary Jane Lance, an aboriginal who died at the age of 16 --some poor daughter of the soil, adopted, doubtless, and remembered with affec- tion. A sketch of the church and parsonage taken in 1844 shows the former externally just as it appears to-day; and the latter as a humble verandah cottage, apparently to be classed with those "clerical gunyahs," as they have been aptly termed, too often appropriated in the bygones to the use of Australian provincial clergymen, and to which the Windsor parsonage with its numerous windows, stone paved hall, spacious rooms, and skilled woodwork, forms so honourable an excep- tion. To such of our clergy as hailed from Oxford, Cambridge, or Trinity, and who came hither to minister to bush parishes-- which, although not seldom of unmanageable ex- tent, scarce furnished themselves and their families with the barest necessaries of existance-- their work accepted as bringing in its own reward \--how striking must have seemed the contrast between these mean abodes and the rectories and vicarages of the land they had left behind! The old cottage has now been superseded by a roomy dwelling, built according to present notions of comfort, and where, let us not forget to add, the apostolic injunction to hospitality is followed to the letter. In the Roman Catholic cemetery, placed high on a green hill, is a grave, dated 1837, which none should visit Campbelltown without seeing, for in it lies the mortal part of James Ruse, a native of Cornwall, who came out with the First Fleet in 1788, and whose claim to celebrity is set forth in the concluding lines of his faultily-spelled and rudely-worded epitaph:-- "I sow'd the Forst grain, and now with my Hevenly Father I hope for ever to remain." The agricultural knowledge Ruse appears to have possessed must have been gladly turned to account by Phillip, sorely bested by the difficul- ties attendant on the ill-equipped expedition he commanded, and by the incompetency of colonists almost entirely devoid of the technical skill re- quired to make the desert blossom as the rose, yet despatched by a cold and careless Government to lay the foundations of the long-contemplated settlement. Picture the situation. The band of exiles, bond and free; the sea, unbroken by a friendly sail before them; the savage, untilled land behind; the anxious Governor, nerving his energies to fulfil to the utmost the arduous task entrusted to him; the disaffection in his little camp; the fast-decreasing stores of food, and desparing thoughts of the leagues of ocean stretching between the raw-fledged community and the so-much-needed succour; the joy over the first poor harvest. Nor wonder the modest boast engraven on the tomb of the pioneer farmer. To each the meed of fame deserved. To James Ruse his. To this quiet height no hum of life rises from the town below, nor, descending again into the streets, is the stillness much disturbed. There are no noisy sounds of traffic; there is no press of business in the air; few the vehicles rolling by; few the passengers on the pavement. And we look around and ask, Where are the 2000 inhabitants? Does the fire engine in the station there ever startle them from their repose? Is it because Father Time here "leans so easily on his scythe" that the hands have been removed from yonder public clock? Who buys the tin dishes, and blankets, and rolls of flannel piled up outside this store, or the jampots and drapery displayed within? Has the "reliable tailor" opposite shut up his shop from want of custom? And yet, no sign of poverty around. What is it, this spirit which broods over the average colonial township? Peacefulness, humdrumness, stagna- tion, deadness, or a mingling, maybe, of them all, combined with a something peculiarly its own? Let those who have been residents determine. Quarter Sessions and special occasions bring a break in the normal monotony, and Campbelltown, at least, has experienced one memorable season of excitement, for to it attaches the supreme distinction of possessing the stock ghost of the colony, and the episode created no small stir. The tale has been too often told to require more than the briefest allusion from us--How a townsman named Fisher was secretly murdered for his wealth by a false friend, who spread a report of his having returned to spend his earnings in the home country, conceal- ing, meanwhile, the body in a waterhole; and how someone afterwards passing by the spot was amazed by the appearance of the man supposed to be far on his way to Europe, sitting on a fence and vehemently pointing with his hand to the fatal pool, where, search being made, the remains of the victim were discovered, and the crime finally sheeted home to the perpetrator. A building in the principal street made from the materials of Fisher's old house, and the inn (since converted into a store) whither the person by whom the dead man was seen straightway repaired, to fling himself on a sofa, and ponder the extraordinary circumstance that had just occurred, are pointed out by an authority whose testimony to the main facts of the story cannot be gainsaid. We are not aware whether Mr. Stead and the Psycho- logical Society have lighted on "Fisher's Ghost," but it must ever stand on the long record of visions, spiritual illusions, apparitions, astrals-- call them as you will-- which are more easily authenticated than accounted for. Traditions of the past must be stored up here- abouts in plenty. But how to get at them? Yon ancient, dragging his feet their "slow length along" the accustomed causeway, "old inhabitant" printed on every furrow of his wrinkled visage, and who gives a hearty "good-day" to the tourist stranger, could tell us if he chose. But ordinarily he does not choose. Type of thy class! Pass on unquestioned, friend, nor fear an importunate interviewer. The talis- man that might unlock thy lips is not one in our line to bestow, and even wert thou communica- tively disposed, we should but select from thy repertoire what would suit our purpose and give offence to none. Other residents there are, of a different stamp, not so reticent, and well on in years, who delight in living over again for the interested listener, the days of youth and childhood. The face of the old lady of 80 beams with pleasure as she calls up the morning she made one of a row of little girls who stood out, in their pinafores, to be kissed by Mrs. Macquarie, while the General stood smiling by; or tells of "Parson Marsden," and his kindly, homely ways, and the respect his zealous life had won. A "blunt and independent native," long past the allotted score, but agile as in his teens, and with the remarkable intelligence for which he had been early noted, as alert as ever, can all but remember his own christening at 2 years old, when the senior chaplain gathered together the young children of the neighbourhood and baptised them in a barn, pours forth a copious stream of boyish recollec- tions; recounts the pranks he and his schoolmates played off on a cheery, humorous "Government hand" named "Jerry," and how, agog with mischief, they would assail the blacksmith's forge at which he worked, stating, parenthetically, that nails used then to be sent out in the rough, and finished off here, when needed, by a tradesman called a "nailer," and describes his meeting with a Governor who stopped him on the road, and jocosely catechised him on family and scholastic subjects. Simple memories these, puerile, some may say, to retail them, but it is from such mere trifles that we gain an insight into the manners of days gone by. Still other shades of local life might be filled in. Barbarous Bun- bury Curran -- whilom a theatrical place of banishment for naughty children -- could supply material for vignettes as charming as were ever drawn of any gracious, gentle, rural English homes. And nowhere may be caught more vivid glimpses of the contrastive social aspects of old-time New South Wales than in this dreamy nook of Cumberland, three and thirty miles from a metropolis throbbing, through all its thousand pulses, with the feverish race life has become to-day. M. 