Br ' AVGVRHaiWST. An ntnotnur Auatialinn hammer throwing record is shM to have been mode by Mr 0. M'Connack ut the nnniial oports gathering nf the Wellington (N.Z.) A.A.C. on March 2, his threw attempts b.ing 104 feet, 106 {net 10 inchea, unJ 10Q feet 10i inches respectively. swam across the Auckland harbor— from Queen's street wharf to the Devonport whurf — ia one hour and three-quarters. Thetiidtunce is eslinmted nt 3J miles, and i'locke is stnled to have ivrni a wager of £25 by swimming the distance- within the liuto stated. ' Le Pdit Journal, Ihe most wMe'y circulated of Paris journals, bus been commenting on the great exoitement owned amnng the Bacilli people in tbo cricket matches in Australia, ami says that French ebiillf'.i-ina are ' generally evoked by a noblor cause than a mere 'game of cricket.' It ndils, 'Tliis sefiii liiirliarons f-port, iu whioh logs uml urine lire broken by :!-« tlozju (ki'c) had clninieil a victim elficwlitre on the very day of the li Bt match, and nn English contemporary coi'iiy n* ports liix duadi as an nliBolutcly uiiiinpjrtaiit nifiter in the very lines tlml follow its | 03 ma of viuto'-y.' The ' Suurfiniin' «uj-k :-' While the istenmur by which Jim Hayes, the well known joukey, left for San Francisco was on its way to Auckland, a sweep was got up on board. ' This Hayes wob fortunate enough to win. Ho was pocketing the sovereigns in great glen when lie was accosted by an old Scotch lady. Enid she, ' LiiMi*', you're o»cr yanjr to be guiublin' with these folk. Tak' care, luddie, that an innoceqt clmp like yer-rl' isna' carried awn' liy it. it wfyi lie a sair tiling to see one sae young and frenh corrupted by the accursed spirit. Come, laiht e, to ma cabin, and ive'd pniy that ye may ba prcsniiveJ from ttiujitati -n. What a fortune that old laily would have been to Jim in his famous libel action ! Clement Hill, tho'boy liatsnyin. played a magoifiuent not out innings for 150 in tbe Ertglisb-Suoth Auntrnliaa match. Hill only attuindl Ilis IStll year on Thqrsday 28, and already IjoMh thein-liviilnal record score for Aus'-rtliH — viz., 3fiO, which was maja for I'rincu Alfr.-d College against St. Peters Culleginte School two 3'ejrs ago. Ilia innings was the best be has ever pluyed, and one of the finest seen on -h« Adelaide ground, tie played Richardson, Peel, mil the other Euglisli bowlers with the gruatesl of ease, uml confirmed the opinion expressed about him two yenrs ngo, tli* lie is the coming champion bats man of Australia. Hill and Darling are both pupils «f George fjiff«n. A b-s uostanditiir thrne ve.tr old brother to D.vi.-iou has gone into J. E. llreivei's stable, CAiillield. Ou Tuesday Hova took passage from Melbourne to Uiindwick. logoiuirV fly ing sou will try hiii hand in xoinc of the w.f .a. events nt the Sydney Cnp meeting. Tlie death is reported from North Queensland of Win wick (a brother to Uosworlb), who won the A.J.C. Cham pagne Stakes in 1883. FoulBham's pair, Mclema and Gaillu'dia, have orrived al liundwick to .-fulfil their A.J.C. tugHgemeuts. Tlia former is left in the Seventh Biennial Stakes, and is also eutered for the two-j'enr- olil hundicaps. According to the ' Manchester Sporting Chronicle.' Tuxedo, the fastest British bred trotting stallion, haB been p-jrehased by en Australian sporlKman for stuJ pur poses Tho price paid to Mr t. Rivett, -if Stockport, for tliis fiinmua little liorse is £400. Tuxedo's most nntablc perfunnance wub nccomplisled at Aintrea in March, 1893, when he trotted three successive heats in 2min. 29aec, 2miu. 27isec, and 2inin. 25l8ec, being only jnat beaten by Rowley who covered the mile in 2inin. 24}scc, which remains the English track record. Chcstcrinan'B rider was hard at him over half a mile from timnn in tbe Rail way Ban Heap on March 30; not that he was anything near beaten thec, but that he is on* of the' lazieHt horaes Bt present raoiog. By Sydnny Cup Diy he will le very well, and ought to be in the first flight by tlie time the winning post is reached, as.he ?will be better suited by the longer journey. 