OUR SYDNEY LETTER. From Ocr Corrsspondxnt. 1 SYDNEY, Wednesday. The ontoeme of tbe partial defeat of the protectionists at tbo general election has been the establishment of a chamber of manufac tures in tbe city, a banquet to inaugurate which waa recently hold at the Hotel Australia. Although an invitation had been sent to eaoh member of tho Ministry, only Mr. Young, Minister for Works, attended. This it in a moasnre satisfactory, as Mr. Young controls a department which, without violating any of tho cherished free-trade ideas' of the Ministry, oan help , in great degree tho truggling industries of the country. It is a coincidence that tbe president of the new obarober is head of the great pipe making firm whioh got its first lift from tho Dibbe Government, and for wbioh act tbe ex-Preraier waa sharply abused by the present Premier end the froe- trade party. But soon after his aoceptanoe of office (and as was alleged with tho intention of placating the Labor party), Mr. Raid eotered into a largo oontraot for pipes with the same firm, and at an advance upon Englieh coat. Mr. Young'e explanation was that the pipes were badly wanted, and that the Government had not gone "free-trade mad." Mr. Young, in responding .for the Ministry, said the Government wae all anxiety to eee manufactures pro perly eatabltahad, and that the local manufac turer should have the fairest of fair play while he held the office of Minleter for Works. A congratulatory message was received from the Yioiorlan Chamber of Manufactures. In plaeing hia taxation and proteotion abolition eohemes before the publio, Mr. Reid boasted that he would make tho big inatitutione suffer, and compel them to disgorge some of their accumu lations. The land tax was specially designed to reaoh the banks and investment companies, whioh are understood to have a good grip of most of tbe pastoral possessions. The banking institutions must contribute largely under Mr. Reid's eohemes, but the bankers are adopting methods for getting tbo " other fellow " to bear a share of the harden. At the commencement of thls month one of the prinoipal banks reduced', tbe ! salaries of its officers by 10 per oent. Another bank has given notice that it will adopt similar measures on let January next, and the same course will probably be followed by tbo rest of tbe banka In succession. During the general eleotion it waa pointed oat that tbe passage of Mr. Raid's taxation schemes would mean a roduotion in wages and loss of employment, but no heed wae given to the ' warning, Tbe electors were promised "free- trade, and they were going to have it." They witl get their " free " trade at a heavy price, and thoueande of artisans, clerks and employes generally who hold permanent billots are begin ning to reftlise that " free-trade" according to Mr. Reid ia considerably worse than the "hate ful Dibbs duties." The " battle of the tariffs " may, however, be said to ba ouly now commeno ing, The Land and Income Tax Assessment, the Land and Income Taxes and the Customs Bills have been sent to the Legislative Council, hut the fate of the measures is doubtful enough to compel the Premier to make tho Customs Duties Bill take effeot upon its passing into law, and not upon 1st October as intended. Mr. Reid's first date for wiping out the tariff wae 30tb June, then 30th September, and now when Parliament will allow him. Much dissatisfaction is expressed at the dis closures made before the Eleotiona and Qualifi cations Committee. In three electorates petitions were presented ogainst the sitting members on tbe grounds of irregularities. In Tumut the sitting member — an old protec tionist — was returned by tbe casting vote of the returning officer. His fret-trade opponent appealed for a recount, which gave the pro tectionist a majority of 9 votes, whioh in the original count had been disallowed as informal. In Iiyistono the free-trade candidate was re turned by lesB than 10 votes. The recountshowed glaring irregularities, hundreds of improper votes having been recorded, the result being that the eleotion has been declared void, and Mr. Wall, who has for years represented the con stituency in the interests of protection, will liave another chance of winning the seat. The conduct of this election was so unsatisfactory that the ohief electoral officer was sent to make inquiries, the result being that tbe returning officer and a number of his subordinates have beon superseded. At Botany, Labor beat Free- trado by 3 votes, and Free-trade appealed, only to increase Labor's majority. The death of Miss Roddall, a native of Campbelltown, Now South Wales, where she was born about 1820, reoallt-a couple of inte resting colonial items. In the time of Goveruor Macquarie the highest olcric&l; rank in the colony was that of principal chaplain, the biahop being Reginald Heber, of Cal cutta, aad amongst the assistant chap laine was Mr. Reddall, father of the lady just departed, whom Governor Macquarie appointed chaplain of the " District of George's River," which now includes the towns of Liver pool and Campbelltown. The records give an account of tbe opening of the oirouit court at the latter town by the first. Chief Justice, Francis Forbes, in 1830. A procession formed at Liverpool of carriages, horsemen, troopers withdrawn sabres, the sheriff and his officers, and the colonial chaplain. Thie historic display Miss Reddall well remembered. Through an interesting lecture delivered in tbe old Exhibition Building in Latrobe-etreet many yearn ago by Mr. (now Sir) Archibald Miohie on Spooks, the Melbourne people were made acquainted with the history of Fisher's Ghost, a legend associated with MiSB Reddall'e native town ; but only recently have the actual facts been made public through Mr. James Nor ton, M.L.C., a son of the solicitor for one of the parties. In 1826 thero lived at Campbelltown a farmer named Frederick Fisher, who was assisted by a friend named Worrall. Fisher contemplated a visit to England, but his neighbors were surprised at his sudden departure on 17th June. 1826. Worrall, who professed to hold an authority from Fisher, began to dispose of tbe property without exciting any suspicion. But several weeks after a neighbor named Farley, alleged to be drunk, was found lying upon a bridge over a creek near Fisher's farm. On being brought to his senses he said that on crossing the bridge he saw Fisher sitting on the rail, and greeted him in a friendly way. The sup posed Fieher glided off the rail and proceeded down tbe ereek, motioning Farley to follow, but the latter was so terrified that bo fainted from fright. Farley's story was net long in reaching the ears of Mr. Norton, sen., who, as Farley wae known as a sober respeotable man, induced tbe AttorneyGeneral, Mr. Saxe Bannister, to investigate the matter. A reward was offered, black trackers were obtained, and starting made from the spot where Farley bad seen tbo apparition, blood marke being found upon tbe bridge, they followed the track of the ghost as pointed out by Farley and coming to a waterhole declared that a scum on the surface was " white man's fat." The spot where Fisber'a body was buried wae discovered and the corpse unearthed. Worrall was tried and exeouted, having confessed the crime, but claimed that Fisher's death was accidentally caused. In the old eemetery at Campbelltown, stands a monument to the memory of a "first fleeter." The inscription is verbatim Sacred to the memory of James Ruse, who de parted this life Sep. 5tb, In the year of Honre Lord, 1837, natef of Cornwell, and arivedin this coleney by the first fleet, aged 77. My mother reread ine tenderly, With me she took much paine, And when I arrived in this colleney I sowd the first grain. And now with my heatedly isluer I hone for ever to remain. This James Ruse was oonvieted at Bodmin, 29th July, 1782, and sentenced to seven yeara' transportation, so that be had served nearly five years before he arrived in New .South Wales with Governor Phillip. He was tbe first emancipated convict who had a grant of land given him, and was the first to grew wheat. 