KERRIGAN'S QUALITY. Br JAXE BARLOW, Author of "Irish Idylls." Pubsished by special arrangement wills Messrs Ward Lock S4 Bowso,, Ltd [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER X (Continued). "Well. Merle," Sir Ben said, "this mys tery about Dion began thus. You know the beginning of it all was some trouble about money matters. I don't suppose you would care for particulars as far as they are concerned." "No, no, never mind about them," said Merle. " I'm not at all sure that I could ex plain the ins and outs of it. I'm no good at things of the kind." said Sir Ben can didly. "But some investments went wrong, so that we lost a good deal, and you did too. I believe it was nobody's fault. Then a sudden emergency arose. Some mortgage was expiring, and the mortgagees came down on my father un expectedly, at any rate he was in imme diate want of five thousand. Well. I had more than that from my mother, and as I had just 'come of age, we settled that I should advance the sum. My father was over in Dublin at that time, and I was up in town with Dion. He and I were neaqly of an age, you know, and I remember how sold he was one day when he found out from his guardian that his money was tied up until he was twenty-five. He wished to realise every penny of it. probably be cause he thought my father might wantit. You know the sort of fellow Dion was; he'd have given his worst enemies the coat off his back if they seemed to be in straits. However. of course. Dion couldn't touch it. By Jove, I recollect he expressed his senti mnents on the subject in very forcible lan guage while we were tramping down (Gower-street in a hail-shower after the interview. "Why did they do that?" said Merle. " It was a great pity." " Oh, hisafather had left it so by will years before. I d.aresty he thought it pru dent, as Dion would have no one but his mother to look after him. Of course it was absurd. If a man can't manage his own affairs before hlie's twenty-five:' said Sir Ben, who hadul not yet attained to that age, " he's never likely to acquire the art. However. my father urgently wanted the money by a certain day. It was all we could do to get the business settled in time. and Dion, who was then just going over to Dublin, was to bring it with him. There was some accursed term examina tion" coining on," he said, meaning the epithet so sincerely that he did not feel as if its strength required any apology, " which I didn't want to miss. so I waited for it. We went to get the money at the Bank in the morning. Awful young asses we were in those days. I believe we thought it rather a magnificent transac tion. We took it in sovereigns: they seemed more substantial, and we figured to ourselves that there might be some difficulty about English notes in Ireland. And in the evening I went to see Dion off at Euston Square with some other fellow. Who was it ?" • Bernard Dunlop ?" Merle suggested, half involuntarily to expedite matters. l'.uses seemed long to her. Sir Ben looked startled. "DDunlop ? Oh, no. But what on earth do you know about Bernard Dunlop ?" *" oh, I used to hear the name some times." said Merle, - that was all." "" Well, we never knew much about him either, but enough to see what an out-and out scoundrel he was; an unconmmonly clever one. too, and liked by everyone in a way. They say hle might have done any thing he pleased, if he had chosen to be moderately respectable, but he distinctly didn't choose. I believe he was really rather no.1. Some people say he even tually went quite off hIis head, and is in an esylum abroad; at any rate, he has dis aipeared off the face of the earth, much to its -dvantage." Merle listened intently to this little lcharacter sketch, and breathed more freely it its conclusion. \- 'There was a tremendous storm that night." Sir Ben continued, " I went down to Oxford, and the carriage windows were threatening to blow in every minute all the way. It was pitch dark besides, and lourii. W~hen the mail-boat came in at Kiugstown next morning, they found Dion's portmanteau and other traps on ioards.all exceptthe small hiud-bag with the ;uoney, which he intended to carry him stelf-there were no signs of him or of it, though he had been seen going on board a.t HolyheuL lie must have somehow imised his footing, or been shoved over in the crowd. The boat was pitching and rolling tremendously, and on a wild night such a thing might happen easily enough srithoutptanybody's being the wiser. It seemed most likely that he stumbled near the gangway at Holyhead, as no one re mesmbers hraving seen him later on. But the certain facts are that he left Holyhead and never arrived at Kingstown, and one knows what that means." Mferle hai for many a day been fighting against this knowledge, how desperately sl:e hal not realised until a few hours ago, when the enemy was marvellously routed isv a few feeble scrawls. Now, as she sat L," the shimmering green water, and bent low enough over it to draw her fingers through it caressingly, she might have been signing mutely to it that she knew Isetter. It was the only utterance that she could give to the aecret which filled her withll wrestling delight and dread. The delight was at this moment uppermost. \- Then they telegraphed over for me," sai Sir Ben. "and you know what I found. [erle, he'd been watching-my father had -for Dion to come that morning. The money had been promised without fail, that he might have it in time for abusiness meeting in the afternoon. I suppose he waited and looked out there, alone in his room at the club, until he knew it was too late. The servants said that he seemed much disaplsinted when they told him the umail was in. He was sitting at the writing tahle when they found him dead. He had begun a letter. I know it by heart: ' Dear Ben. I dare say you are veT wise to change your mind about that investment.' I don't know what the doctors may have called it, but his heart broke there. He -"sassll ilie--not a friend nearhim. He might ,as well have died in the middle of the great Sahara. And the last thought he had in his mind was that I wouldn't trnst him with a little dirty money." MIerle liad turned so white that her face wrould have been a quite sufficient re sponse, but she spoke without looking up. "They should never have let you see it They should have put it out of the way. It was cruel o them." "That is like a girl all over," said Sir Bncu, rather roughly, What is more exas perating than a belated remedy ? " If you can hide apything that's sot pleasant to look at, you think it's all right." His rude sp-ych was a mere mental Ri-the, but adverss criticism coming from that quarter was a new experience to 3Ierle, and hence it thrust itself upon her notice evren no, as something inoppoc tunely disloyal So she replied witha tinge of resentful bitterness, "I may be like a girl as you say, but as for things being all right, I think you'd have to hide away the whole world, and everybody in it ._fter this they were silent, rather aggu.eveily for .sshrt t lu. 1'? , touch Of ill-humor lent a sort of everyl y atmosphere to the far-off, unhappy things which were in the thoughts of each, and made them seem more vividly real and closely present But both were too much preoccupied for quarrelling,.and Sir Ben grTanby sd bysBiptnrokeilsnh in tl best' ing on the master-grief to which he had never before given words. "It was hard lines on me that he should have taken such a thing for granted. Mightn't he have supposed some acci dental delay ? Heaven knows I was never more pleased at anything in my life than at finding that I could be a help to him in the matter. But if he hud believed it, he couldn't have jumped to that conclusion. 'Wise to change your mind;' I often see him writing it, the old governor. And he needn't have thought it of me, by Jore, he needn't." " Perhaps he had been told so," said Merle low and hurriedly, as she might have spoken under the curving white lip of an impending av:ilnclie. " Who was there to tell him such an atrocious lie ?" said Sir Ben. But Merle kept silence as strictly as if her answer would have enveloped them in the rush of the smothering thunder. "Do you know, Merle," he went on, " while I think of it all, I'm sometimes brute almost enough to r.age at Dion for losing his life in doing the errand. I sup pose one's hankering after somebody to blame for our misfortunes could scarcely go much further than that."' " But when you consider it as an acci dent-" Merle began. "Yes, yes," he interrupted, " to be sure I do. When I'm in my right mind. I'm only inclined to knock my own head against a wall for letting a tomfool ex amination keep me from coming over my self." "But Ben, Ben," said Merle sitting up straight and facing him desperately, " what would you think if -- P" " Merle, dear, what it the matter P You. look scared-you look like a . ghost:' he said in much concern. "You'll catch cold waiting here so long. Would you have more shelter, I wonder, on the other side ?" But for all answer a shadow of new fear passed over her face, like a cloud blotting out a cloud. And directly after wards she said in a relieved tone, as if welcoming a respite, "Ah, here's Mr Ker rigan." CHAPTER XI. Kerrigan had not wished his appearance to be observed. Naturally, he being a per son who if fernseed had retained its virtue until his day, would have carried about a supply with him as invariably as the most confirmed snuffer his box of biting dust. Moreover he had accepted the neighbor's sweetheart theory with respect to Miss Merle and Sir Ben, and this now made him all the less willing to break in upon them when they were talking together so appro priately. He viewed the probability that they were "coortin'" with somne interest and complacency, because the arrangement - seemed likely to further a project which had occurred to him in the boat shortly before Paddy M iek's disquieting revela tions. But his anxiety to pass by unper ceived defeated itself, since while glancing furtively over his shoulder to see whether he were noticed, a stumble set a loose stone rolling to his betrayal. So as he had to halt,and would on no account sit down, he compromised the mintter by standing awk wardly against an adjacent rock. "I stepped round to see was there a sign of anything putting out over yonder; there ought to he by now, if they're in tending to do a hand's turn at the fishing to-day at all," he sidd discontentedly; " but like enough they're not. It's getting to look a hit hazy and thick out to sea though, so the others may be running in. Good people are scarce; they're mighty careful of themselves in bad weather." " Well, small blame to them for that," said Sir Bsn," considering the general sea worthiness of their fleet. I suppose Paddy's still tinkering aw ay at the boat ?" " Ay, the young ass, and might as well let it alone. He'll make nothing of it. 1 was telling him he might better stuff his own fool's head in the hole." "I never saw anybody look so discon certed as he did when we were landing here," said Merle wishing to suggest an extenuating feature in Paddy's case. "If he had been handing one out at the bottom of the bay he could scarcely have put on a more apologetic expression." ,f , " Id disconcert him," said Kerrigan with a gloomy grimness. He was annoyed to see no boats coining about, for he misliked the aspect which the weather had begun to assume. "The uncertain shining of an April day," is perllaps especially uncertain over the sea - shouldering crags and fissuring creeks round about Glenore; and signs were just now apparent which to an experienced eye betokened its untimely withdrawal. These signs were not overtly menacing. Air and water were still clear and tranquil; only now and then a waft of dulness would steal across the crystal-grey floor, like a breath dim ming a mirror; and when this had molted off, there followed in its wake a faint heaving motion, not a brisk rippling and bickering roused by a breeze, but a sup pressed shudder, running beneath the sur face to cause a slow swinging and swaying at the margin, as if it were the last trace of some huge, distant eddy. This, con joined with the cobwebby haze which hi had noticed gathering about the mouth of the bay, led Kerrigan to surmise that the present calm was not destined to long duration. He did not care to announce these apprehensions, but they somewhat inconsistently embittered his strictures upon the dilatoriness of the Glenore fisher folk. Prudence is always so liable to be called " out of its name ' when its exercise by others jeopardises our own interest. Glenore the village, far enough away to be only a picturesque scattering of white gleams capped with golden, lay sunning itself serenely in its frame of green and russet and blue. The trees about the Big House were still so thinly leaved as to form softly powdered purple-brown masses, and where they climbed over a sloping ridge, small woodland lawns glinted out among them like jewels held up to the light. Along the shore the little square fields shone like quarrelets of beryl and emerald. There was nothing in their dainty mosaic to suggest that they were the scene of hard struggle and toil, and the centre of hopes piteous alike in fulfil ment and in frustration. But Merle know them at close quarters, with their painfully piled up stone-cairns and patches of labour-bafling swamp. She had seen how persistently the white skele ton crept from under its meagre coverlid, and how the wet moss and rushes would encroach on the "bit of lan'," too straitly bounded without them. And she had heard from sundry anxious-looking joint proprietresses how "Himself was-heart scalded over his pitaty sowin'; .there was two fat deep of wather lyin' between the drills these three weks.". Or thit,." If, plase God, the few oats they'd tried in the cornur where the turnips failed on them, got a chance to ripen at all, they might maybe make out the rint yet, or else it 'ud be a bnd job come Michaelmas." Now, as her eyes rested mournfully upon the flecks of vivid colour which represented the Gallahlers' and Nolans' and Carrolls' hold ings,these and other such scraps of history came into her mind. It was a relief, indeed, to loosen her grasp of aome facts wh.ch she had just been learning. Old Sir. Ben's unfinished letter, for instance, and young Sir Ben's medit:ations thereupon, which seemed scarcely more likely to find an end-these. were new ideas so sharp of edge that her impulse was to drop them as if they had been a shef of naked blades thrust into her uhand. Not that she could take up any but sad thoughts in exchange. The mood left bh this pause in her sorrowful agita tion was one which quickened her sense of world-wide care,and grief, as a fever sharpens the hearing, and the tragic ele menat i her neig'.bors' lot was borne in upon her as she sat with hands clasping knees in the attitude of a weary old crone, and gazed before her with melancholy, dark eyes. It somehow seemed to her a bad omen for their impending interview that Kerrican spoke harshly of these poor Glenore folk, and showed no disppsition to akal@ IUnwIcel for the disadv?ata;eu under which theylaboredl in their farming and fishing, and genera. .onduct of affairs. She wished just then to think of him as a person who would use much patience and forbearanc.e in his daslings with a weaker comrade in adversity, and she found it more diffitult to maintain this view when she heard him express such sentiments as, "Faith, they're a hazy lot. The fish might be leppin' on shore like frogs under their eyes before they'd take the trouble to put out a rag of a net. They'd sooner sit around on the top of the fences like so many crows, and watch the weeds smother ing the crops. That's the sort they are, every mother's son of them." "I wish," she said at last with a flicker of perversity, "I wish that they never had to go out fishing at all. I wish they all had land enough to make their living on, for certainly they do the best they can with the shreds they've got. It's a pity that they should be pushed out into the sea, when there's really plenty of room for them, and everybody else, on shore. Look at those empty fields over there. What use are they to anyone ? Perhaps a few beasts graze on them now and again, and perhaps there is some man who lhkes to think that the property belongs to him. If I had the managing of things he might just put that idea out of his head, because the people who wanted to do something with the land should have it. Why should one man stick his house down in- the middle of a great green park, and let no body live within three miles of him, while half-a-dozen others are huddled together in huts on a patch not the size of his lawn tennis court, and can't feed a goat without trespassing? Why, for any good the oountry,ie to themn, they might as well live on a bit of rock like this, with nothing but water round them. I think that everybody should have as much laud as he actually wanted in the first place, and what was left over would do for parks. It wouldn't matter if they had to be a few sizes smaller. Then there'd be no occasion for the people to go out fishing, unless they chose, and they could get themselves proper hoats too." Kerrigan listened with a certain amount of surprisul dissatisfaction while lMerle propounded her exceedingly crude scheme for showing the gods more just. The amount, however, was strictly limited by his humble estimate of womanukind's capa city for talking sense, and it seemed to him that the simplest form of argumaentum td hlomisnum would meet the present case. ' If they don't choose to come out lshing to-day," he said, "I don't precisely see that we've much chance to get off of this here Inish." He had no sooner spoken than hlie per ceived that he had blundered in presenting an alarming view of the situation to Miss Merle, from whom it was presumnahly right. and undoubtedly expedient, to con ceal any cause for the fears of which she might he supposed inconveniently capable. Sir lien's slightly overdone tone of confi dence in asserting: "Oh, we'll get home fast enough," only made him the more keenly alive to his mistake. It was in his haste to gloss it over by a prompt change of subject that he hit upon Johnny Day's quneer bit of writing as a safe impersonal topic, and forthwith blurted out "Did you get the bit of llsper, bMiss Merle, that I was after sending up to you last night?" "Yes, yes, but I haven't quite finished reading it- yet," said Merle quickly, "I haven't had time-I- " Now that the longed-for opportunity had come, it terrified her utterly. She felt as if she were about to hear some tidings from the other world,an experience which must he awful, even if the news were good, and a great doubt of this gripped hold of her. The misgiving grew all the stronger because at that moment a cloud was drifting over the sun, and a moan of wind swept by, and the water began to lap and gurgle louder in the wet chinks between the rocks." The light, slidden away in silver sheets, and the chilly breath on her face, and the sighing wail that came with it, seomed harbingers of woe. A presentiment warned her that some evil was to befall her onthis ugly little reef, and the fact that- an accident compelled her to meet a crisis of her fate here', foi~shadowed a? calimnitoii? i~ssie. Delay, at which not many minutes before. shie had been chafing bitterly, would nor have come to her as a merciful reprieve, but though a word might have steered the talk away from the fearful theme, she could not utter it. All the presence of mind and nimbleness of wit, which she could have commanded on any trivial em ergency, fled panic-stricken from her at this sore pinch, and left her sitting spell bound by the threshold of a door that at any instant might open on life or death. For Kerrigan was disposed to keep in this harmless conversational track, the rather, perhaps, because the incidents of the morning were more like a bit of his rough colonial life than anything he had experienced since his return to civilisation, and thus carried his thoughts back to the adventurous past. "Tlhat's Johnny Day's letter, or what ever it is," he said to Sir Ben. " I don't know, sir, whether I ever happened to mention him to you-a chap who chummed along with me in one big tramp I had through the bush up beyond Ballarat ?" " Was it the time you were so near coming to grief, and were rescued by a camel corps?" said Sir Ben. "I think I remember you just mentioned it once, but that was alL" Kerrigan's uncertainty had been in truth, so to speak, rhetorical, as he knew well that he had always avoided the sub ject. "So near, only so .near," Merle said to herself, groping for gleams of hope. "That was the time," said Kerrigan. Sand about the worst spell too, that ever put in, what w-ith one thing and anotheer -the lad mostly.' Ay, we'd never haveo ;ot into the hobble we did, only that he vas nomore fit for knocking about in the hush than-well, than you are yourself, or maybe less." "Thanks," said Sir Ben. " You see, lie csmo of gentlefolks," said Kerrigan; "that wais plain enough, though he was stone broke when I ran across him scarce a shoe to his foot and his clothes hanging on and off him like a scarecrow's, between rags and starvation. By jingo, I used to think his people would have felt queer to see the sight he was, supposing he had any belonging to him--the chances are that he had, though he hardly ever said a word about anything of the sort. lie might have dropped out of the sky, or riz up on the ground like a mushroom, for any talk he had back of yesterday or the day before. He'd left some trouble behind him wherever he'd come from, I'll bet." "Got into deep water over here, I dare say," said Sir Ben. "Like enough. He'd have had a better chance, now, if he'd enlisted; and so I used to be telling him, for he was the makings of a fine upstanding man, and he knew how to ride a horse-it was about the only sensible thing he could do worth a cent. But, goodness help him, the notion he had was gold and diamonds. Thought he was going to gather up a great fortune in a couple of weeks or so; once he got to the new mines, they were booming then, up beyond Waimanoura; it's that he was after when I fell in with him. Such things happen now and again, of course; but he made no manner of doubt of it. He was a young chap, to be sure, but he was uncommon hopeful even for that, until he knocked up, by worse luck, just about the ugliest bit of country we came to, with our water running short, and the only .chance the two of us had in the world to push on the smartest we could." "That was a bad job," said Sir Ben. "You may call it so. Bedad! iwhen the last of the hIorses gave in, I'd have bet you anytlhing you could name that we were done for altogether; for I saw it would be the most a strong mns.n could do to clear out of it, tramping all he knew. And sure every iilel Day got over, I could have waliked backlwagds and forwards, and hack again, and have had to wait for himrat the heel of the hunt. So what chagce bad we? Not but what he was always at me to go on ahead on my own hook, and leave him to shift for himself. Hie said he'd do grandly, the cratur; he lo6ked it. I wasn't exactly thinking of leaving him to the vultures. But I remember one bven ing, coming near sunset, he'd lain down dead beat under a thorn-bush, and gone asleep; so Iwent on abit toprospectaround from the next ridge, and see was there a sign of anything at all, which there wasn't. But 'twas further than I thought, and I stopped away something longer than I in tended, and by the time I got hack he'd woke up and missed me. I do believe the lad thought I'd took him at his word, and gone off for good--I'm morally certain he did. Sitting up he was, staring away in front of him, dazed like. I caie up close to him before he saw or heard me, and the sort of look he had on him I've never forgotten. He didn't let on he'd been thinking of anything in partic'lar, but all the while he was fit to cry, he was so grati flied not to be left alone; he was so. Much notion I had, if he'd only known. My soul to the saints, if I believe the devil himself 'ud rest easy in his own place with such a cruel villain's trick on his conscience." "I don't know about the devil," said Sir. Ben; "he must be pretty well case hardened by this time, by all accounts. But you wouldn't, at any rate." "I've recollections enough as it is to make me rest uneasy," said Kerrigan, " when I think of the. trouble there was getting him along.. Many's the time I've had the driving of a nmob of sheep, or cattle, or horses, through places where you must keep them going, fit or. no, if you want to save their lives; and-it's ugly work when?it's .only a matter. olf.brte ! beasts. But . when i?- ?omes to human beings, it's devilment entirely. Lord for give me, the hours I in a manner drove him along, when he wasn't rightly able to set one foot before the other. And I'd be grudging the bits of rests he took when he was fairly done. Those times, he'd often get out that writing paper of his, and set to scrawling something on it; but even that he couldn't do. I don't believe he ever finished it. And as things turned out. I might as well and better have let him be, instead of tormenting him." Kerrigan was more or less thinking aloud, and his thoughts here happened to go on for a short time without words. The hiatus seemed very long to one of his hearers. "It made no differ," he resumed, "for one morning he just dropped down dead off his feet. And that same night the ex ploring party came along and found us found me. As for him, they needn't have come at all, since they didn't come half a dozen hours sooner." " Hard lines, by Jove," said Sir Ben. Merle heard the sound of his voice, but it conveyed no more meaning to her than if it had been the sea and the waves roar. ing. The tense eagerness of her listening had snapped like a strained bowstring. All the words in the world could tell her nothing more than this, which she seemed to have always known, and to heed wonderfully little now. It was several minutes afterwards that she became aware of Sir Ben shaking her by the shoulder. He had spoken to her three times, and was half puzzled and half alarmed by her deaf ness. " Had you gone asleep, Merle ?" he said in a relieved tone when she looked up. "Oh, no, I was-I was watching a little crab running about in the pool here," she said. " Is it time to be going home ?" But before he could answer an interrup tion occurred. Paddy Mack's face in its halo of black hat-brim rose up over the boulders behind them and said, "Mr Kerrigan, sir--och your honour, d'ye know what I'm after doin' ?" (To be Oontinued.) 