€rttmb0. Rain. Bijon. Theatre. A welcome change. " A Wife's Ordeal." 1895 is 231 days old. Corea still unsettled. " Bob the Doctors' Dog." Obit.—W. D. Sanderson. Republican risings in Spain. Splendid rain at Coolgardie. Hospital Board this afternoon. A successor to "Railway Bob.'' Hudson is as humorous as aver. Lacrosse Premiers—University. English mail to-morrow morning. " A Wife's Ordeal" at tbe Theatre. Barometer at 1 o'oloek to-day, 29*59. VV ill tbe Board yield to the Autocrat ? Theatre-goers ought to see the Daores. C. C. K. is coming round to free trade. Last week of present Theatre Company. University lacrosse reoord 117 goals against 7. A crisis in regard to tbe Adelaide Hospital. McCarthyites and Healeyitesin Conference. Adelaide rainfall for forty-eight hours, 0 253. South Mine Accident Fund has reached £1,800. Federal n6w Western Australian mines floated. A striking reverial of form in Saturday's steeple. Hen Convention doted, likewise the canine carnival. George Bates dying at the Destitute Asylum. Someef tho Chinese murderers bave been arrested. Lasker beat Steinitz at the Hastings Chess Congress. Promenade farewell social to Canon Poole to-night. Some big dividends on the Old Course on Saturday. Field Naturalists searching for crohidsoa Saturday. The University lacrosse team has a marvel- Ions record. A perfect faith would lift us 'absolutely above fear. Constant thought will overflow in words unconsciously. Rain very refreshing after Sunday's stifling atmosphere. Mr. Eddy is likely to be re-engaged by New South Wales. Lard Wolssley likelyto succeed the Duke of Cambridge. Lord Wolssley named aa the new Commander-in- Chief. Men must love the truth before they thoroughly believe it. Mr. and Mrs. Hudson's popnlarity isatQl in the ascendant. Tbe Proteotor is cruising with the Naval Reserve on board. Cobden Club rejoicing over Australain free trade tendencies. The Rev. Thomas Ceok, the evangelist, is in Adelaide again. Great Boulder and Lake View mines' water supply replenished. Weep, and you weep alone ; laugh, and the world laughs with yon. Why does not the Hospital Commission make it* final report? Mr. Grayson, jnn., drops his bumptious tone in his last letter. South Australia is losing a prominent theologian aud Freemason. A prize of 1,000 guineas for the best selfpropelled road oarriage. The Ministry is exercising the pruning knife on the Estimates. Why does not tbe Government aocept Dr. Magarey's resignation ? ggWhat has Mr. Homburg to say fer himself over the Hospital affair? The Broken Hill South Directors voted £500 to the Relief Fund. To take away the grievanoes-ef some-people is to make them unhappy. Field Naturalists bad tbeir first excursion of the season on Saturday. The Premier says be never loses his tamper. What, never? Hardly ever 1 Nurses Graham and Hawkins will be ccce more discussed this afternoon. Creditors of tbe Federal Bask reoeive a fourth dividend of one shiHi&g.; " Blame the Premier for stamping the country ! Perish tbe thought!" Pat Glynn wili oppose tbe State Advances Bill at North Adelaide to-night Estimates tacicled by the Ministry with a specially sharpened pruning Ijnife. Canoa Poole is one of ths colonists whom Sooth Australia csai ill affetd to lose. Cardinal Moran says federation must be a subjeot of patriotism eessaten to all. Of all the createdoomforte, God irtbeleBder, you are the borrows*, not the owner. Providence has given us hope and sleep aa a oompensaition for tbe many oares of life. Sun rose at 6.23 a.m., sets at 5.16 p.tn. Moon me at 5,39 a,m., sets at 3.38 p.m. A Ussef eteaoaen caady toeany Australian perishable produce direct to Manchester. An enthusiastic crowd welcomed Mr. and fibs. T. P. Hudson on Saturday evening. " Tommy" never had a more hearty reception than he received on Saturday evening. Three adverse amendments to the Address in reply rejected in the House of Commons. In London there ore 980 oommon lodginghouses, whioh have nearly 60,000 inhabitants. Widow and only daughter of the late Rev W. R. Fletober leave for England this week. We lose the right of complaining sometimes by forbearing it; but we often treble the force. The Premier was rather unreasonable in his references to the Opposition leader at Tanunda. Ooiy by thinking ef the best that can be done oan we find the range of the best that wo oan do. He who gives himself airs of importance exhibits the credentials of impotence. Lavater. It is a pity that the Weeldy Herald, in its oriticism of the Begitter does net always adhere to faots. The Premier aays he ia ready for any emergency now. Does he carry a Colt in his hip pocket 1 Pious Russians do not eat pigeons because o( the sanctity conferred on the dove in the Scriptures. Adelaideans were just beginning to appreciate the Star Concert Company when the season ended. Colonel "Nitrate" North vigorously attaoked the Earl of Fingall over tho Londonderry business. An Irish Amerioan Convention urges the renewal ef physical farce to obtain Ireland's political rights. The Statist urges the new Colonial Secretary to faoilitate fresh trade arrangements with the colonies. When the missionaries pleaded for their lives the meb were told—"You know your orders; kill outright." Charles Cameron says his is a "working Government." Wouldn't "talking Government" be more aeourate ? Chess champion Lasker again beat the exchampion Steinitz—the triumph of youth and genius over age and talent! Mr. W. D. Sanderson, who helped to build the first house in Stratbalbyn, has gone to the house not built with hands. A bright little Sootoh lassie at Rose Park was asked what a slut was, and replied, " Why a hen dog, of course." Faot. Professor Ball says that the aotual momentum of come of the tiniest meteors is equivalent te that of a canon ball. The Duke of Argyle deolares that as a child he positively hated book*; to-day he is one of tbe most well-read men of tbe time. During the last twenty years, 700 missionaries of the eongregation of the Holy Ghost have died in the French Congo. The rain, the rain, the beautiful rain. Slushing tbe roads aud slopping tbe plainj The rain, the rain, the beautiful rain, And I've lent iny new umbrella again. The news of Lasker vanquishing Steinitz is interesting, but the names of the leading players at Hastings would hav6 been pre ferable. Charley says good stiff political blows can be dealt without loss ef temper and without loss of dignity. Dots he practice what he preaches ? They are slates who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak; They are slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, Bather than in silence shrink From tbe truth they needs must think; They are alaves who daie not be In the right with two or three. —Jamet Russell Lowell. 