POEMS BY 'THE OWL 'GSQRGIE'S G3A2TD' MARGE.' A1H— ^ 1 iferching Through -7-o rgbr**- CiiCMirs— By the J'cderation Cfcwir. Ctfonrs (' Faiut Echo Sir llearv t. I Parkv-jOnd Company, Si, Briup llio good oM bugle, hc-ys, we'll sing a merry song— Siiifcr it with a chorus that will wfioop 'cm up along ; Siug it as we always giug it wheu wo waut to coine it Jstro'.ig, Marching tritlj Gcorgio, nh !. tnoiu:s— Enmli Uunali ! lit's turued at lust, Hurrali t llnrrah ! tJiero'e shortly sure to be On the Opposition Benches old Going for Gcorgie, eh! How the OM *Un frizzled whim they Cashed the news u round— Et'ut his crutches throapti the windotv, dashci his hat upon tlie grouiiri, 'Wbeu u-talJdng '? Federation 'his undyiug foe be found, Gentle, joyous George, ah 1 CHOIirs— Humih I Hurrah I OM Harry's up a tree ; Jfurmli ! Hurrah I Their i-o!w'.«rs agra.', Hc'p tic.1 to TetlrratloQ, awl caauot disagree 1 With trils* Coorgic rorgje, ah 1 Yes ; nud there will be a chawing oi some puViic ptoply's is re, When, lii Federation colors, Georgie Porgic utxt ? appear? ; 1 Auu they'll greet Utm with their laughter and a lot ! o: jure anu jeers Marching for Georjic. nh 1 CfcOHUS-Hurroli ! Hurrah! What r-^p tbo i ?luMIre i Hurrah I Hurrah I lu raiiiarueut ! 'twill be : ! 'Holl up, _yc kiUh«1 dinners, the lat^ib act to Of acfi)'batie Georgie, ah !' ' 'Reid will uever Jiddle to the 'Fcderati^r- I Ghost ' (So his fond supporters said, and 'twas their , cousfUiut boa« ) | Bat u politician's promises arc nshci at the | .Mid he wiigplcaout^MGeorpic, ah I CliORl'S — Hurrah ! Hurrah ! He laid upou j tlie lec ; I Hurrah I Hurrah 1 The 'Cluos-Cou- quest ' plea Is reckoned by tlie critics as giiod as; it could bo, ; Aud pretty good for Georgia, fthl 'Twas o graceful teoinercuult. He will not turn in vain ; Be will got his titJo now ; aud 'ji.~ also very plulii That the Federation fiend will be howling round I again r Under jretful, joyous Gcorgic, ah J Cnonus— Hurrahl Hurrah! 'Tis Federatr,' Hurrah i Hurrah I Austral'.* will lie fiec ; But not Australia's people will OTTO llepublic foe Through Gcorgie Porgle Goorgie, ab WHAT HO ! MB. EDDY ? Mr. Eddy, Chief Railway Commis sioner, has decided to renew his engagement with the Government for seven years at £4000 a year. Mr. Eddy's appointment awaits confirmation at the bands oCParliament. 'Vrh&t; ho ! Mr. Eddy, we Ucard you. were ready To scoot. Your trunks you did pack ai&l; Your small cft'ccts e'jick and Announced you were ne'er -coming baok, and llepute . Said— to fill it— you'd token a billet --rv1—' M yOme. They coupled your name, eir^ 'With great Railway fau^tir, Hut you, all the eame, sir, i/onV rti'ttt J .s . ^Vhat lio, Mr. Eddy, we bear you've got ready To staij 1 Your trunks rou've unpacked them, Your tooth-picta nustnckej tbein, ] Your office-boots blacked them, I Aufl tbey, 'jvioe and greasy, will fit you quite easy, And wear yor seven iong years, sir— (Wo chip iu with cheers, Eir, And ulso tome (tars, sir. Just here). ? --jniafc lro 1 Mr. Eddy, you're looting already Quite Wuo ; ?* i No doubt you have troubled. Boiled up'und o'er-bubblcd, At not baring doubled Your screw V ^ ; Perhaps you are grieving ut not quite receiving 1 That job, ' - On which, without stating, We know you were waltiug, And waiting, and waiting To lob 1 What J10 1 Mr. Eddy, that time yon were ready To go I Your passage a-taking. Our country farskjng, 'Twos thought you were making A show. (Ani your chance was so oertaiii, quo could e'ea ' put one's ablrt on £ Ttosama) For tho 801)' Eastern chair, sir, Wo thought you were theiv, dr. We did, we declare, sir, With shame. What ho 1 Mr. Eddy, eomo , io ';as said ho Hb& hoard. 1 That the Sou' Eaet«mi h I'd ro folks, A kind of 'don't-oPiV folk*. Won't baTc you wltu '? » fyi- 1 oiks * Aboard. ! That big vacant chair, 6tr, ' They don't want you there, l!:, Alas 11 Your brains they won * ? r.ua*iV'( You wont have to tra.«-« ^ Had you to eat graw!.-- ^ OrgraaaJ 