$!ulfa*tt'$ $tfluum. THE GHOST OF THE OLD FORT. Some eight years ago, when my regiment was quartered in the Madras Presidency, J made one of a large party to visit the old fort of Seringa pa tain. We were a lively little society, and bad arranged to camp out and. htive a. regular three dayg' picnic in the lovely gardens of Tippoo's summer palace, jtiat outside the fort gates. On the evening of the first day, 1 sauntered oat after dinner for a solitary smoke, abandoning the merry group that hod gathered round our chief com missioner's pretty daughter, and resisting all Lion songs sne *as singing to her banjo. It was a lovely night ; the white tents glistened like silver in the moonlight, the air was fall of the scent of the cork tree blossoms that strewed the garden paths, and as a back the camp, came the rash of the swift waters of the Can-very river as it hurried aloug its rocky bed. I wandered slowly on, and found myself soon inside the fort. Unlike many of the ancient strongholds of India, SeriugpiLant lias been left to crumble to ruin, without the help of the ruthless aa(l improving iuad.eruoujjiti.wr. Occupied for soiiie time ait«:r the tsie^tr Ijy a Kritish garrison, and ikeu u.ijautlatLt*d a.s un healthy, it liib remained as nearly as possible in the state in which it was left ; :he officers' bungalow*, still stand ing, in fairly tTuoW repair; tlie open space before them, which w ,i* uuue the parade ground ; tlie smooth, level pitch, where many a game uf cricket lias lieeu lost be with sleeping, and would awake at sunrise to the souud of the bu^le. From the native bazaar that still exists within the walls, cMine the few signs of life in tho place: a solitary lamp gleamed from the topmurt pinnacle of a Hindoo temple that reared its civern siuiuiiit high above the flat-roofed houses uround, and at intervals the pariah doss barked defiance to their foes in ao adjacent' village. Strolling idly aJong, I came, at the- back of one of the bungalows, upon a curiosity of the place ; a single archway built of bricks, put up, so tradition says, by an enterprising engineer to demonstrate sonic theory of Us own, probably tiow as obsolete and old fasbioned as it was doubtless ouca considered new fangled and daring. I bat dowu on the verandah steps of tbe bungalow ; tlie hous.-, though so long deserted, was still in fair order window-shutters, doors, all fastened and in tact. I had lighted another cigar, and had let my fancy wander off to the designer of the arch, when, close beliintl me in the verandah, ing. 'Mary, you know why I am here; you know I leave this place to-morrow.' I turned quickly, ami looked behind me. I was alone — absolutely itlone ; Ui« little verandah, lighted from ond tc/end by ihe moon beam ?;. was perfectly empty. 1 was rising, in my utter surprise aad bewildermeut. when the same voice spoke again, and a snne thiug kept me powerless in my place. 11 I've got my leave at lasl, and am o(T to Madras to-morrow morning. I cau't go alone, my darling. Vuur hnab.m.1 is away, ami we shall be at sea before his return. Come with A pause aa if for a reply, but none came, E '\lary, answer me. You will come V After all our misery, there is a chance of happiness for us both. Come, an I 1ft us forget everything I'K that we We each as if the speaker ucre siltin' at my side on the steps, ami yei so earnest, so heartfelt uere tlie tones that I tuuutl myself ii.oro \k*' jSwT'i'iiMim-nM1 l'i.'.-' a'I.-» '?. ' .'uim '\» 'a ^Guy, you ,lo l..li,vv I I...-.- v.u ; ' ?? X.,.' it went on, -|ui,-kly, ' l,-..i- „„? 1. th.- , ,,.l. II it be wrung to li.vc v ,,.i with .ill -..i I.. ., I -ni.l above en-rylliini;, I luiv.- »iiui. 1. n-; 1 . im....i change. But to do as you [imp ..-,-. t.i ,1^ :i me so dearly, lion c:m 1 ? You in.'w L.,. a! ? dear, to forjjet.' lV«ton!'h«lral».iui'. '(iod forgive mt, tiiiv, y.'ii i-.av.. .,'1 ,,i\ heart- but it I cannot ^iv.' n.v l.u.l. ,i..l -li. love which should belli-, ,r I,,,.i I , ,„ ,„.,,,! There was a proud tioR in Iheivonla, lint sadness that urou^nt the hot tears to iny eyes : — '? Darling, il is hard for us both, l)u( believe m.-, [ am thinkiDg of yoo. I cinnot take the '».i-ly. You are youug. Such a life as ours -i 'mid blast every ambition, every prospuit or later you uoulil repent.' ' Repent, Mary ! luok at me ; let me see future. What will il be without yon ? Vou with nic'deai ; liaiv couiu^.-.' '' 'Lo'uirMot^ud you 11'ay' 'novel you less. I ilari! uot u-n-ck your lilr. Don't teiupt me— ilon'l tempi me :' ' You will not co.ne !' It was aud hoarsely , almost roughly, uml io a whisper c*mr the [ words:-- i '* (iuy, I cannot.'1 j ' Cannot V That is what your love is heart, to steal away his honour, to wreck his I bappiue&s;, l-m not io izive up one ioui of your owu miserable prejudices, not to face the world. Love ' You don't know what it means : and L, f..ol Dial I am, have wasted my whole heart on you ; have—.' But the strong man s vuict.1 ceased with a great sob, footsteps passed by me, the clang of spurs rau^ oul on tlie *tone sieus* tuid died away on the grass in front of the liotistt, &nd; from the weeping — weeping a* those that have no hope, as only broken hearts weep. At last tbe loug^lrawu aobs grew quieter, and presently light footsteps began pacing up swept over the ua£j. and between tbe quiver ing Blghs cameat intervals half-broken words : ** Oh, my love ! iny love '. To leave me in anger. How ,-hall 1 bear my life without you ? Oh ! God help me I -;od help me r To aud fro went the steps as the piteous tones rose and fell in the Mill uigbr, and I listened to every moan, t-o every long-drawn sob, as a man Laund ha-ud and foot may see a fellow -creature tortured aud he utterly power less. Suddenly all sound ceased, ami 1 became terrible, more unnatural, than all th*t I had heard that night ; my heart l*ea.l lii^li, and with a cry of '? Mary ' on my lips, I sprang up ind rushed at the closed door of the bungalow It gave way as I pushed il, and I eutered the iiyihL. It wlo empty. The rolling shutter Irjug at the window ; through the broken roof patches of light fell on the grey cemented floor, a great veil of cobwebs hung from the black rafters, and as I btepped forward a bat Hew past me into the uight, brash ing its soft wings against my face. I came to myself with a shiver. What did I expect to find ; what could this desorted room tell me of the secret* of the p*st ? I mentally pulled myself together, and leaving the broken doer open, I turned tescilutely and quitted the place. A quarter of an hour later I was just in the camp parrying ^ best I coultl the jesting thaukful to plead a Uxd headache and escape to bed. I uas still bnwding over my ajveutureneit ila,yr aud racbiug my braiti in tlie fulile ^11 the whole of our party decided on a. \'tsit to the ol.l cemetery near the fort, »h-;re lie the ashes of iruny who fought under Colonel Wellesley. What insiinct guided uie I cannot explain, bat while th^ rest of the merry cx epitaphs I fouud my w-*y alont1 to a far corner ot the gruvevard, aud c lie re on j. plaiu 6 Lone wife oE Colonel' Weston, u^Jio died at Seringa 