At a time like the present, when political instinct, roel or artificial, is gradually being stirred and even raised to a warm tomperature, it is not un natural for people to see visions and dream dreams, The spirits having boon thus aroused, what is more simple or natural than that such unusual things as mists, or ghosts of some ]ind or any kind, should ariseo. People start on a political campaign at first like the rail. way train moving out of the station, with almost imperceptible motion, To some the crucial point to be solved at the 'pioseont juncture is the reform of the Legislative Council, not, however, a reform whloh in any sense iToludoe a wrooking of that honorable institution, .but a suffoicnt change to onsure a healthy cirelation of national life, of industrial, progressive, and prosperous development, Whatever interferes with the attainment of this roestrains pro. gross, andwhatever stops it is death to all prosperity in a national sense, We dan thus see that ,if the institution referred 'tq,orms itself into a blookade of the ,eople's interests, instead of giving: 'the final expression to 'the aationi.wihli ..its reform is inevitable, for wthitlflhise all" logialation would " Pa iLai ite' deoidlolbk And f[t thse are people found who plead the cause even of the obstruotivd geptlomen in the tipper ChaOl bor, and r'iso a bogus of disaster as a dotorroent to intorforenco, Then othaer bogies are called up from the vastysu pp of i~"tblo imagine. t'on of;the nationa disaster that is likely to follow.s a resul of sciontifio taxnation applied'to the sourie of wealth, that is'land; Now, it is voaslikely that a large land owner will'not care one straw as to thlio'jstico or injustice of a Stx for ireovonue i? oses ;upon incomos of over £800 per year, and which may or may not ontinua. foLu any number of yaUrs, but vwhoi' it is proposed to malco pioporty in . land contributo to the rovonuo of the country, thnI: the ghost disestor is called up film the brains of. htbo politicnat intriepr, luo)c n?9 ,thU dangled before the public by .th National Association, and the deprecia tion of largo estates whore a land tax is imposed. Of course the Association must deal with largo figures. Take an estate valued at twenty millions, upon which ton millions has boon lent upon mortgage, the imposition of a land tax, it is made to appear, reduces the value of the land by two millions. How can that possibly be, when the very fact of the property being of sufficient value to boar the tax would add to its value ? Possibly such an area may be one of those not municipally incorpo rated, whore all its public works have be6ii carried out by the Government withl no cost to the owners, adding value from time to time, and raising the market price of the land, but returning nothing to the revenue of the country. Is it desirable that such a system of enriching privato individuals it the public expense should continue? Then take the smaller areas. Accord ing to the Association's picture, whore a man owns five hundreds pounds worth of land, or 500 acres -at the upset price or unimproved value, and takes a mort. gage upon it for three hundred pounds to be spent in improvements, what would happen so far as the tax is to be considered, is that deducting £475 oxomption fromn the five hundred pounds worth of property would leave twenty-fivo pounds to be taxed at one penny in the £, or the largo amount of two shillings and a penny-aun amount not worth mentioning. But what says the National Association. It puts the case in a sort of problematical sort of way, thus. It is probable -that the mortgagor or the bank, from the fact tldht a person holding £500 worth of land at the unimproved value, and having to pay two shillings and a penny taxation, will have the amount of security reduced £50, and so running upon those lines, in the end soil up the astate. But ,this is too thin, Thon we come to another class who are to be disastrously affected by taxation, The man who pays £50 per year in taxes, it is said, will be sure to take it out of the wages of his om. ployoos, just as it is being asseorted hat if the owner of land has to pay over so small or over so large a tax on land hie will pass it on to the tonant. Then it is assorted that the proposed direct system of taxation upou land and incomes will squeeze off the capitalist, and so bring disaster to our industrial markets, There is no proof at. all that such will be the case, but still such political; philosophy is so popular just now as a bogio, and. men advocate the sophistry that to call upon real wealth to. contri buto to the expense of governing and defending the country as the most sureo way to its ruination. It is stated.that in freetrade England 68 per cent, of the revenue is derived through the Custom House, while under the proposedd new tariff in this colony only 30 poi cent, would be obtained, mostly from [articles of pure luxury, so there is a bogie again raised because we propose to collect 22 per coent, loss hero than is done in Great Britain, So this dread ful scarecrow of taxation is painted in the most lurid and frightful shapes by those who do not want to be taxed, and instead of malking the now reforms initiate a new era in the life of the in 'dustrial population of the country it is suroharged with popsimistio forbodiu*, troubles, and disasters, Tlio curious feature about those political prophecies is that no such teachers and counsellors arose when the industrial portion of the people of this country were bbing taued from the crown of their heads to the solos of their foot; no political counsellors wore fqrthooming from wealth, monopoly, andleisure to predict a depreciatipn in the value of labour wben the world was to botaxed. The legislators of the day put another ap. peoaranco on the results of the newly imposed taxation, Every industry was to hum into prosperity, But what the people have learnt is that it. didn't, This is one reason for removing the ro* striotions then. ilmposed, and no one can pose as the true worker's friend "who vbtes for their roetention... spite of all thp ghosts and bogies, the measures demanding our sympathy aeil support are frootrado, direct taxation1 and the rpform of ,the. Upper House, so that progresssive.legislaith may be secured, 