PUBLISHED FRIDAY MORNINGS. FRIDA Y. NOVEMBER 8, 1895. THE motion which Cr. Sloss moved ,at the last' meeting. of the Shire Council having for its object. the borrowing of a sum .of £2,00oo, met with no. support whatever from his bro-r ther councillors. .. Notwith standing all the arguments ad , vanced against it, and with due deference to the opinions '?hld by.our worthy representatives, we think.the result, is greatly to: be regretted. .It is matter for no little surprise-:that nbt one of the other eight councillors stood up in the advocacy, of. a proposal which, as Cr. Sloss remarkeid, " .wouci;De be th "sal vation of the district." In the face of the almos`'tottal' with drawal, of Government -aid in the shae of subsidy; and with a;:bank- qverdraft, of, more,,;than £30o0 hanging over their-he?ds on which ý 8- per ,cent. interest has to be paid yearly, our Shire Co uncil.haspeTrforce beeniunder the necessity of discontinuing all works of a substantial or permanent disc&ipitini; i Tihd merely under'taking- :rgent ren = pairs in the most economical ,manner possible an ;orderi,'to keep within the bounds of:,the limited' revenue att their :dis posalI. Ass a consequence; of this there has. beeni a'n almost 'entire, cessation of contract wlrks, and itlose .*ho formerly managed to eke out: a living ,therefroii' are ~now minus their hard-earned incomes from this sotirce.i,'And with what result ? An almost complete stagnation in all branches of business, and w!th no prospects whatever of any improvement: inm the near future uril&ssr; by the iritroduc .iop: and circulationr of outside capital i bdt undeif th 'gloonmy ?p?t'of affairs in regard, to crop failures ,and. high prices for the staple.necessities of like "?fl5iir, -bread,' and meat-our `condition-is likely to drift from ba@d to worse. Now, with the prbposed sum of £,2000 at the disposal of the Council, road making and bridge work could be carried out with the manifold advantages of improving pro= perty, facilitating and encourag irg traffic through our territory which is at present diverted :elsewhere, . affording . employ ment to numbers of long-resi dent ratepayers, arid -generally giving a much-needed impetus to all branches of local business. .These are 'questions which m should" enlist the hearty and ' earnest ;considerations of our "civic ,fathers," and be their paramount 'aim. and object to foster-, and encourage. The matter of the payment of a small interest for the " accom modation". should be one of secondary thpught in compari son to the iunpoubted benefits to be derived, thereby redeem ing the. shirei froni its present:i poverty-stricken . and .folorln condition. During the discus- b sion councillors seemed to place, much'stress on the fact that;be- sides the yearly provision for interest a,'sum .equalto:o 3 per cent, of the loan would "also haye to be set aside to consti tute gýaeh inkingp ffund. This, together, wlthi. predictions of in creased ,taxation, were set up i as.." bogeyrmen" to scare away Cr.-..-Sloss's proposal. "Thevy appeared,to ignore the fact that the amount thus set aside was going. .towards. the repayment of the loan, and thus year by 3 year reducing the -indebtednies? s as well as diminishing the amount .xrof, ,interests 'payable. It was alsok pointed out that the loan, money could not legally be applied towards paying off t the overdraft or the balance due oi.. the pipurchase of the Council Chamberrs. QOite so; but in any case these lia'oilities will require to be defra'ved from the ordinary 'shire revenue at some time or other. "ien, what was thereto prevent thisi being done from that soiurce immediately the loan w..is per feced~ ivhild . the .,borrowed money could be devoted to the carrylng out of the works for wHiali it"'ias intended, and for w thich .he. ordinary. rrevenue would then not be requiredi 1Hdr at:bnrie the heavy interest we are compelled to pay yearly bn' =the doverdraft; ,besides:that on the Council Chambers, could be saved. `Altbgether, from the tenor of 'the speeches. made s against the motion, the inclinai f tion was to raise a " bogey r man" in' some~h' pe 6or form, a and principally the one of ini creased taxation; but wepre dicti now that our aukgust repr sentatives have pronounced their emphatic objection to en e terinmg uppnithe responsibility d ot. a loan with the object of lifting the shire and its residents bout'of the veritable " slough of r despofid;," that a'?,bogey.." of a more. substantial kind will con .e frontus"-'i fact, it is something a like Professor Hosking's ghosts, s it s almost " visible" in our I:midst atzthe present moment. » » 