BREVITIES. It transpires that Kiatnil Pacha was difl missed from the ?Grand iVfzienhip for sup 'porting the Powers' protest against Turkish 'misrule. Another Turkish trouble is looming ahead. The Island of .Crete threatens to rebel against the rejection of reforms passed by the Cretan Assembly. A terrible case o£ incendiarism has oo curredin Mexico, where a school was Bet od fire by a. grenade; Thirty-one bodies have been recovered. Two boys are arrested. The Federal Enabling Bill has been rcada first time in the New South Wales Legisla tive Council. 6 The Victorian League of Wheelmen pro* testa against Zimmerman being allowed to ride for the Australasian Half-mile Cham pionship. It is understood that the Tasmanlan race horse Music has been sold for 700 guineas. Viscount Hampden, the Governordesig nate of New South Wales, is expeeted in Helhburne to-morrow by the Himalaya. in dismissing charge® of criminal assault agalost two Derby mem the Bench -severely censored the girl's father for leaving his daughter unprotected. Among the 'very latest' music hall ' catch ouV1 iB, ' Do buy mo that mamma.' An acUtra by William Jon€s against the Union Bank of Australiato rccov^r £116? alleged overcharge for Ihteroet, etc', was «Ofinn in the Supreme Oout at fiobart yes terday. America (through Major Pangborn and his colleagues) seeks information as to the working of the Tasmanian railways. Port Cygnet is now within measurable distance of the deep water jetty, for which it haB been so long agitating, a tender for ito construction having been accepted. The result of a letter from Mr Back to the General manager of the Cape Government railways is instructions by the latter to his ?officials with a view to opening up a trade . with Tasmania in Umber. The body of Mr John Coustou was buried yesterday morning at the General Cemetery. The cable steamer Sherard Osborn was largely visited ycBterdav. Tasmanian mineral exports for 1894 were : 'T^Sold, £226,466 } silver and lead, £293,013; tin, £202,484 ; and copper, £8000. A case in which ownership of some furni ture^wrifl in dispute occupied the attention of The . Queensland Meat Export Agency Company has reduced its freezing charges by id. General Booth arrived at Bundaberg (Q.), and was welcomed b.v the Major and the largest concourse of people that ever . gathered to ether at Bundaberg. In the evening a great meeting was held, and bondreds were unable to gain admission. Five Polynesians, charged ' with the murder of Joseph Lawtev, were committed for trial at Bundaberg. A. A. Zimmerman, the champion cyclist, was accorded a public reception at Brisbane, there being a large attendance. During the month of October 75,000 sheep and #000 cattle were trucked cn the Queens land Central railways, being the record since the line was built. The serious aspcct of the present season is now being felt throughout the Pambula dis trict. Crops are being acorched off as they appear above the ground. Grass is com pletely withered up, and live stock arc dying in all directions, whilst the inhabi tants of the township and at the mines are running a great risk of typhoid and other dift^ases through the insufficient water fiupply, and bad at that. A diabolical outrage was committed at Pine Creek, Port Darwin, by a Chioaman named Jimmy Ah Fat. Whilst visiting the blacks' camp he 'made advances to a female aboriginal about 12 years of age, and was repelled. He revisited the camp later on, and deliberately threw at the girl a loaded charge of dynamite, which exploded, shattering her right hand and severely wounding her In the head and face. Another lnbra received many severe flesh wounds on the back, A butcher's cart, driven by a lad at Tlngha (N.S.W,), who had picked up five school chUdren« was proceeding to the slaughter house, when the backhand of the harness broke. The horse immediately became un manageable, and after travelling some dis tance the cart capeised. A little girl, named fiuby Saunders, was picked up dead, her neck apparently broken. John Roonev had his skull fractured, and there are but slight hopes of his recovery. The others were Berloasly hurt. In a communication to the Gonlburn clerk of petty sessions, the Attorney-General of New South Wales expresses the opinion that married women living apart from their husbands cannot hold publicans' licenses. While the marriage of Miss Sawyers was being celebrated at St. John's Cburch, Mudgee (N.S.W.), word was received that a boy, aged 9 years, a member of the family, had been drowned at Oakey Creek. It appears that the lad was in a paddock with a laborer. He missed the boy, and on going to search for him fonnd his clothes on the bank of a creek, and saw the body lying at the bottom. Endeavors are being made to promote a conference between representatives of the miners and the colliery owners regarding the present state of the New South Wales coal trade, but they are almost certain to prove abortive, as two or three of the largest companies have already refused to meet the tnen. Meanwhile, however, nothing more is heard of the proposed reductions, and probably they will be quietly dropped for the time being. A mass meeting of miners to demand an increased hewing rate is announced. The case which has come to be known as the Richmond Golf Club scandal was again before the Croydon magistrates, when Mr Bolt, on behalf of the waitress who was dis- j charged from the club, applied that his client and the witnesses might be bound over to prosecute on a charge of libel. The libel arose out of a letter written by Colonel ! Montgomcrie to the mother of the girl, in which he made allegations against the girl's morality. The magistrates eventually de cided to grant the application. Kbama, King of the Bamangwato, is stay ing at a very moderate hotel in Finsburyt (says the London correspondent of the , JAverpool Mercury'). He travels sccond- ; class, carrics an umbrella, and patronises j A lunatic at v Gateshead workhouse attempted to commit suicide, and afterwards managed to escape from his ward, run across the grounds, scale a very high wall, and to get on to the railway. A passenger train was psssing at a rate of between 20 or 30 miles an hour, and the man leaped on to the footboard, afterwards getting through the 'window of the guard's van. The sudden appearance of the lunatic in the van, dreased only in a nightshirt, naturally astonished the guard, but the lunatic was uninjured, end on arriving at Gateshead be was taken into custody and returned to the workhouse by the railway officials. A curious incident during the reccnt en campment of volunteers at Aldershot is worth recording. While engaged in a field day on the Fox Hills .(says the London correspondent of the Birmingham Gazette ), a member of the 1st V.B. Royal Fusiliers -discerned in the soil a medaL After it had been subjected to an amount of cleaning the name of the owner was discovered. He, strange to say, was in camp at the time, and delighted to receive it. He had lost the medal ten years ago during some manoeuvres. Since that time it had been trampled on by horses aid men, and had been the silent witness of many a new field day, whilst the gallant officer has risen to great eminence in .Her Majesty's service. * J Intense exciiemcnt it reported to exist at I t bo village of Colbury, near the New Forest, j owing to the report that a ghost has taken l to indulging in a nightly walk in the vicinity of a local brickyard. The figure is a dark one, and carries an umbrella, and it is stated that it approaches close to people, and then suddenly disappears into thin air. So great an effect has. the story bad upon the villagers that tbey are all afraid to go ont after dusk and the road is entirely deserted. 