FICTION. The Haunted Mill House. A NARRATION OF FACTS UNAIDED BY FICTION. [BY FEDDRALLIEF.] CH &PTE; R IV. Mrs Willet was a plump woman not much over 40, and anyone not knowing her age would certainly not estimate it at more than seven or eight and thirty. There were sereral children living, the eldest being then about 15 years of age, and it was re ported since a change in circumstances had set in; they had had rather a harder time of it than heretofore. But there was another reason f'or this falling off of a mother's natural affection which was not su-pacteI at the time. When a certain moral change sets in it Eom-t'm:s happens that children are in the way, and the change of bearing of the disaffic'ed parent genera:ly falls unhappily on the childr, n. Had these childrmn been older t'hey wvu'd hive been suep:ci.us of the aff ction disp'ayed to wards young O liers, for while she became sharp and impatient in her addresccs to them she was always the ex:ct contrary in her behavicur tower's him. Although Willt hid bean a;pir ntly hard pressed for money previous to his de partu'e, yet the business was centinued by his wife and Olli, r without difficulty. Ia deed it became a joke in the village that "the grass-widow was a better business man than her husband," as she was always ready when the cash was due, and when small farmers would themselves deliver "a turn of wheat" at the mill she would sometimes pay them c?.h down, in order, as she said, to s.,ve her the journey to the weekly c)rn excharge. Affairs went on thus for sone mmnth', the vil lagers meanwhile asking news of tie'r late neighbour. Various replies were given from time to time. He had, it was re ported, arrivel safely at New York,.and and had secures employment wh:le he was looking round for a suitable olening for himself. At another time it was said he had gone out West to look at a water-way which might be utilised for mill ng pur poss. Again, he would e bhack in the Norbth, undecided as to his future actions; and these statements were always given in so cheerful a manner that it was remarked she didn't seem ti grieve much at the separation. During all this time no one seems to have heard her expr as a wish to join him. EBde,v.urs were made to elicit information from the children, and in t'-eir innocent prattl- came a cue to the more eager and inquisitive, who began to whisper there was a reason why the separation sat so lightly on the wife's mind. ' Did mother often kiss them now father was away?" Kiss them enough for both parets. ? ' Oa! yes, and mother kisses Tom too sometimes, when they are by themselves !" This was sufficient to rouse the sleepy intelligence of the natives, and they became more observant. Later on it appears there was evident rea'on for a special scandal, and only one construction could be entertained under the circum stances. Yet presently the yokels rubbed their eyes as though they had boen dream ing; for lo! their n-ighbour hid been about in the business as usual with the exception of a few days withdrawal while 3 she had a bad turn of headache and bil liousness to which she was subject. About twelve months after Willet had left one of the villagers resolved to emigrate, and haying been a customer for some years at the m'll, he made it his business to call and ask whe her he could t ,ke a letter, parcel, or a message to his old friend, ashe would like to look him up on his way to the far West. Mrs Willet was taken by surprise, litle thinking such an event would happen. Apparently she did not wish anyone to call upon h r husband. She didn't want any l.tter or message taken, as the post was available for what was neceasary in that way. Tne man was not to be put off, as he was anxious to see s his old neighbour, although she pl:aded he would not care to be c tiled upon in his altered circumstances; but the man par 1 si.ted, until at la-t she gave him an address which it was sail would be likely to find him, provided he had not made another remove by the time he got there. TIhe rec:pt:on met with at the mil was repeated in the village, and the interpreta tion was that Mrs Willetfeared s:me of the talk of the people in reference to herrele 1 and Olliers would reach his errs and that d he might returs, especially if he heard the us'ness was as thriving a3 ever. d ~Mr Willet had been gore row abuet a year and a haf still nothing wal ever n m'eotcd about following him out. Summer Shad cems again, and the grni.l weather promieei a good harvest; employment was plentiful, and a healthy trne seemed to p.rvade t:ewhole district. Br:ght r faces were teen at the mill house, especially d among the child en, for they had been promised a large party, which meant a real good time for them. A goodly number of children re p:ndcdto their invitations, ar.d a grand time was held. The day passed, but some o, fh3 elder ones remained till lt~r hours, snd i; was ouilte eleven o'clock before the last good-by was said, and the hou:sh Id were left to retire. SUp to the very last Mrs Willet had been r' in the best of spirits, miring in with the Y little ores, directing their play and eeoing Severy wih was satisfied. But a surprise was at haend, and to all appersrnce cx. pected by none in that hou ehold of m rth and enjoymen'.-- surprise which flew over the village and di-triot almost as rq aickly as ekoe rio wires could have sup Splied it. 3 Early labouring m n passing a ress the conmmon before six o'clock the followins m reing were staggered to see the drawn bl nds if the mill hsuse and the window d shutters ciorel nearest the lr.nt entrance; Salthough the wind was blowing freshly the , mill was at 11 and the sails reefed, ro signs 1 of anyone moving except for the smoke which was isuing from a chimney at the \- back. The signs were unmistakable those of death. Even whila they stood looking towards the house, wondering who could have b.ee so suddenly called away, the death tdll from the vil 1.gs befly fell on their cear, the number of the toll signifying the ) victim was a male of fu'l age. Wao L could it be P Not Olliers, forhe was alive and well but yestern ght! No, no. he, for even while they were cogitating he was E?eon cAmig usde:the belt of fir treca from the direction of the sexton's house, where he had been to give notice for the death knell. A vi'lage death is always a memorable event, no uuter who the de parted may be, nor to whih olass he may. belong, for every face e known a: well as the calling he followed; and although the gap may be soon filled up, yeb ~le familisa face is missed, and his removal is discussed antil in course if time a fresh victim falls, and the individualism of the subject is changed, Olliers mode as though he would avoid the wating, villagers, Ibut be fer force must pass u ar to teem; and the dire news must be told sooner or later, and as he cama nearer to them he stopped, and, half ree'ing, leaned against one of the fir trees and waited. O.e of the party approached him, asking in an awed voice, ' ,Who is it ?" CHAPTFR V. In real distress young Olliers could only mutter-" Poor Will.t]' -then seeing more w as expected he presently adde- "We have just had the news;" then appareat'y d eming this suflicient he waved his awe stricken audienco away and moved on towardb the house to cover his feeling , reaching which the door was opined and c'o.ed behind h'm as though his return had been waited for. As Eoon as the report had h'e ome gr nerally known there was much commiseration, Eympathy, and real regret shown and tendered by the villager', (specially as they would be de prived of their walk sf respor:t to their friend's grave. Later on it was rtportod that Willet had taken cold in the early s, ring time through not understanding the sudien changes (f the climate. Wilh-t's cold was f llowed by fever, and missing the comfor t3 of his English home inflamma tory symptoms set in, and after only a few days illness he suc:umnbed. Such was the information given, and the exci'ement was so greit that it seems the question was not then asked as to how the nawa was r c ive . Certainly it did n)t reach then through the village post-,ffice, because the mail was nt receivel there until sight o'clock and was not given out until nine. It might have been supposed to have reached there through a med'um in the town, fcr since Willet had left neither a letter to or from him had passed through the village post, but a let er received in the town the previous day should have reached them long before mid. night, and it must have been an early messenger to have deliv.r d it by five o'clock in the morcing; but the pubolic mind did tot ruminate in th's direction, nor did the question arise in my own mind until others equally important demanded a thoughtful consideration. Mrs Willet was a grass widow no longer, but in her deep mourcing was a very graceful widow indeed, and it was very commonly remarked that her weeds became her. About a mon h after this a letter was received from the emigrant who applied for Willet's whereabouts, saying he had been much disapp rneed at not find'ng his old neighbour at the address given him, indeed he thought th re had Lean a mis take in writing it tut, for although he found a terrace as mentioned in a street off one of the suburtan av nue', yet it was not the street indicated, nor was the number corr at, ard all enquiries f?iled in discovering the name of Willet in any part of the district; perhaps he might have paesed und. r another name and this wou'd account for the hesitancy and confusion display d by Mrs Willet when he enquires for the address. He had left New Ye rk to go up to Nebraska, thoroughly disap pointed. This untoward laster did not cause the talk it might otherwise have done, for the g eater subject cf Willet's death occupied their att ntion still, and the em'grant's nc:n-success was soon forgotten, or but ii tle alluded to. Time went on, so did the mill business and the usual village life. The widow did not long grieve for her departe d. She was very scon quit, herself again, the weeds were diecarded, and she was hardly out of th-m before she was in another husbtaud's arms, marri:d to her quandam apprentice within nine months of that eary morn'ng death toll. Within twelve mootbs of their marriegs they d:cided to give up milling and change their calling. The mill was advertised, negotiations ensued, and thus it was my brother and I became the ne, prop.istors. CHAPTEE VI. I have before stat:d that being very young men, and of course unmarried, it was arranged that our foreman should reside in the house, and our wants should be attended to by his wife, who, having no family, was able to give us the r:qu;site attention with :u inconvenience. We chose our rooms facing the mill and the common, leaving all the rear premises to our foreman and housekeeper. We had been domiciled in our new home for about a:fortoight, had received and returned a number of calls, hadlistened to gcod a deal of telk about our predecessors, as a matter of cource, and hod generally found our way to bed thoroughly tired out, so that we did not need to court sleep which quickly and refreshingly comes to healthy youths such as we were at that time. One night we had retired rather later, yet not quite so fatigued at usual, and lay talking over the events of the day, litt'e dreaming cur first exper'eoce of a ghastly drama was about to b fll us. Our talk carried us close on till midnight before thbe candle peppiag was enacted. We shared the same ri o for the sake of company. Only a few minutes of darkness had elapsed, just time enough for our settling down ere we said our mutual good n;gt, when my brother turred quickly towards me, saying "Did you hear that, A'f. P" I turned my head and distinctly heard the pit-pat of some ore walking on the landing outside our zoom, and, thinking our people were wanting something from be'ow, I remarked "'Tis only Yeatee or his wife on the move." I then turned myself over again and was soon slumber bound. In the morning we mentioned having heard our housekeeper or her hu3band movirg about during the night and were puzz'el at their state xaent that they had not left their room after enteriug and locking the door. Thus we left the matter without solving the mystery. A few nights afterwards we were again belated, and before the xtin guisher was used we again heard the pit pat, pit-pat as before, lthis time continuing as they apparently cms up the sta'rase. My brother, net relishing the uncanny sounds, put out the candle and jumped into bed. Eeirg both wide awake enough this time we listened. RIhe pit-pat; had reachedthelandingandwas crossing the hall towards our own door. Doubtless someone would knock, and we should learn what was wanted and who was the sleep-walker, as we imagined our visitor must be. The pit-pat, pit-pat continued; no knocking had followed, and to cur dismay we heard it actually in our romo, the measured tread crossing along Ietwe:n the foot of the bed and the dressing-table -pit-pat, pit-pat still going, making for the weetern wall, against which stood a chest of drawers, and towards the 1 ft-band corner where there used to he a doorway, now built up and papered over. We concluded the noise must be oused by rats beneath the flooring, creasing towards the ware house into which the door used to open, through which door poor Willet used to go, thus makling a quick jou nay to the mill which was sometimes necessary at night time, as being a post mill, should the wind come up strongly in an opposite direction to which it hai go:e down there was a danger of the mill being tail-winded and being blown over unaless the miller was handy to avoid such an accident. At such a time he would lift the tail ladder by the help of a lever, th n go to the wheel and pu h the mill into the aind. Surm'sing as to the rats we turn d over and slept the sleep (f the unsuspecting. As before we men ijned the occurrence, but cur foreman scouted the idea of rats, sating the joists were laid in a transv, rae direction, and the flooring ian in the direction the noise wcnt; besides rats went wi'h a scuttling round and not a regular pit-pat as we descibed. The noise came so often after this that we began to get used to it, scarcely noticing it, as we never saw any thing, only if we talked the pat.-p't would st-p as thugh waiting till all was quiet, when it would resume its usual routes We did not g) to sleep Eo readily one night after the sound had passed, and were not a little surprised to hear the pit- pat returning the same way as i; cam-, through the walled-up doorway, crossing the room, through the door rcross the hail, down the staircase, gettiog fuinter and less distinct as ;t wena, a2d ire distiactly heard the creak if the lower staircase as though the gruesome thing was finding its way down into the lower and callatic regions. Shortly after this my brother and myself were working on the upper floor of the warehouse at a heap of pollard which was in a corner-:he corner where the doorway used to be before it was closed uo, which connected the bedr.:om with the earehouse. A run hai set in for ground pollard; the wind teing light we were obliged to fall back on our reserve stock. We were not scrry at this, because, should the warm wca her set in, the pollard would as a rule bogin to get warm, and if it heated would cake or go h.rd. In those days offal was sold by moosurement, and heated pollard meant certain loss, as it would lie closer in the bushel and measure out less, so we were measuring is up into bags ready for the t ale. If there were four ar eight bush, is when measured it would go out at this quantity when needed, ard after bagging the probability of its heating was minimised. We had worked well at the heap, were nearing the corner, ahen both of us noticed a dark stain on the floor. My brother said, " What's that Alf. ? " " Why, Ned, it is only some dark red paint splkh d in the mixing." I answered. " No," he rejoined, ' it doesn't look like that, and there's no red paining about the premises." Theo shortly he went on in qu te a startled manner, "Why this is just the corner where. that horrid noise comes to and returns from. I believe something wrong has been going on he e ! " We had" mentioned those noises to our friends. They had laughingly joked us at living in a haunted house, and we had frequently joined in the laugh. Now we added our :.ter news, with my brother's suggestion of something wrong having taken place, when our old friend, the father of a large family cf girls, at whose house we were then chatting, quietly remarked, drawing his 1 ng clay pip:o from his mouth and blow'ng a whiff of ,moke enough to shapa into a good-sized ghost- "I shouldn't wonder, for they were a queer lot come to hear all abou'; them and put things a bit together." We had been in the country about three months when our father inf rmed us that the doctor had recommended a permanent change of air for my mother, a-d he was thikting, if we hod no objection, trat it would be nice for all if they lefo the town for a while and came to reside with us. Under his super vision we two could carry on the mill work and thus save the cost of our foreman. We c'o:ed w,th the suggestion immediately. The change was scon made, to the d:lght of all, especially our sisters, who were younger than ourselves, and who were as charmed with the placo as we had been on our first visit. We had informed our people of the very quear noises, but they traat d it as non senus, and came to us quite unprejudiced; but s-on after they had settled down they began to hear a distinctly different set of alarms on their side of the hou e, some of them mcsb unaccountable even now, as though blows wore being struck and children were scuttling out of reach of them, colliding with a tea-tray or Eome other obstacle in their anx'ety to get away. Then at dead of night we would a.l hear distinctly the thud, thud, as if a b:unt instrument being driven into the earth, which, although we tried our ut.o:t we could not fathom, for while we were in the house the sound appeared as though outside, and to thoso in the house it was so muffled that it could not be looct d. We thought perhaps it might come from the stables, but then all was quiet, while the thud, thud, thud still continued, and a'ways aft:r these sounds would the pit-pat, pit.pat be heard along the well-known track. (To be continueld.) 