? JS j^R^TlYES [?] ' ? i YAHDIfiM^N'SUND. j BY CAtt&IX; lACtB. -r' ?'-'. T PERIOD, -£14 to 1830. ' : THE liAPQUARIE jGANG. \- (JJf FIFTEEN PASTS.) PART XV. | w n»n's clothes, itid asiikeiiitnai posiible, Bi*dj had little doabt that lie would not draw niuch iuspicion. He arranged that if he succeeded lie would send word or; bring it himscic They were to stop at the house u long . as they could ; but if anything occurred to drive them away lie appointed as a rendezvous a certain glen in the mountains some . three miles distant. He had scarcely disappeared in the forest which sur rounded the house when two men rose from behind a log close to which he passed add stared at him. They were in convict dress, and a glance was suf ficient to showthatthey did hot belong lef the free section of the people. Their stealthy a*id 'covert actions, and the evident pains they took to conceal them selves, showed that they feared detec tion. The tiro strange-looking men stared as though it was a ghost and' not a being: of flesh and blood that had 1 gone by and disappeared in the thicket to the left them. ' It enrn't fie he, fiiifiT pne of the tnen spoke, in a awe-smcken voice. The man addressed only gazed after Brady intently, and returned no answer. At last he said— 'I got a regular scar ing, All ; but, now I think of it, Reddy wasn't- near as tall as that fellow. It's some, bolter has got into the house and taken the cluthes off.' The two men who thus spoke were no others than the assigned servants who had so treacherously murdered Reddish and his wife a couple of days previously. They hid left the house with the intention of going to Low . Heads and trying to get off the main land in one of the smuiglcrs' boats that plied in the Straits. Finding that the convict garh was against the plan they had formed they decided to return tn the homesiead, where they knew there was a suit or two of clothes which wouid disguise them sufficiently for their purpoie. They arrived back at the moment that lirady was leaving for Gt-oige Town, and, haunted with the vision of the foully murdered man, they at first thonsht the outlaw chief was Reddish himself. Dressed in the garments of the dead man he bore a striking resemblance to the old settler, and had the convicts been less callous and matter-of-(act*they would not have noticed the dissimilarity in height be tween the two men. The opinion ex pressed by the convict, who had been aaressed as Hill, seemed to be shared by his companion, for the latter re marked — ''That's wot it is, A1C One of them chaps has been around and taken the clothes we want. Hadn't we better fo.ler and ' pot ' him ?' 'riie suggestion to ' pot' the outlaw was apparently not favorably viewed by the person addressed, for he chook his hdad, in a decided fashion, as he re ji'ied — V No. Let's go to the hu' and see if anything is left We might pick up something that would help us. Any way, we'll have, io get some meat, for I'm nearly starving.' They were both in the latter cpndi tion, if one could judge by the wolfish look in their eyes, and, without further words, they both turned towards tne clearing. They had just made halfa dozen steps when tiiey stopped simul taneously as though a second ghost had risen in their way — and indeed they had reason to do so. Just emerging from. the house were three men carry ing an object which the watchers knew hut too well. It was the outlaws taking the body of Reddish to the shallow grave which.they had dug some twenty yards from the house. At first the con victs took the party, who thus per formed the last office for the dead, to' be neighboring settlers, or men sent from the station to do the work. % some means it had been dis covered that a murder was committed, and already the authorities would be in i search of the criminals, who were now so close to the scene of their crime. A few . moment's reflection caused a dif ferent theory, to form in their minds. Th^re were none ot the visible mani festations of constituted authority, and if it were only settlers who were thus : actio' they would be doing an unlawful act' llesides, neither of tbem could, recognise, any of those they saw as j neighbors, and they knew the surround ing settlers well. The. old man bad been..cartied out by two of the outlaws, and when the third' man maide his ap pearance he did much to solve tne rioubts.and surmises in tbe tninds of the erouching . convicts. He still wore cooigpt-dress, and the sight of the de . tested garb suggested the solution. A party of bushrangers had come to the . , house,;ana, fioding what had occurred, de^nuned to .tiitn.it to some account It could easily be seen that the old couple had been murdered by the con : vidt .servants, iience why should die ? latjgr .ron awaiy ? One of them for a reason which the men could notfttbom . had^put Reddish's clothe: oh, and was making in; the direction of George *r T-pfOL. -*TOhat; the motive was con cejneiJI thpm but little, as the house was the object which their minds were fired oh.; They were forestalled in its. : occupanqr, and they .mentally blamed thgr suipr^lity .in not taking what they wapted' in the first' instance. For a few roTnutes they silently regarded the' ljuryingoperations and saw the body of Mrs. ReddisKcarried ont'anS thrown into the: hole. It was Bill who first iwke/tuid a smile of. devilish cunning : iighttdiiplus eril lace as he' said to his , commrign; ... \ ; . . ',?*.1 'don't see .'as how we cah't turn this to'fibkatml, Ait. Let usto tbe ijifftatton #n.d -dl.i the commandant as h liow^JbfeLhouse was attacked by bolters ;; 'sn^^weiot 'cHrar away, but the old 'litis vere wlared. That might get us out :^thei5ess.* .' ? i; The conwct's companion at once /^wjh'e wibdom of the scheme. Both f pfthejfn'wpe In a tight fi*. and it would ;-'6e|-1ayiiiif a trump card if tlier c«uld 1 liide..us murders 1 on touMbetr tydsj.. -jThe fifflre they; regarded thfe: idea the better it seemed, and as it would 'be necessary to take immediate $ctiqn they .resplved to at once start for Launceston and make a statemem to the authorities. Without further loss of time they turned in the direction 'of ihe settlement and reached the outskirts of the town shortly after noon. j Here they were stopped by « con stable, and they asked to be brought to the civil commandant as they had most important news. Brought before that official they narrated in graphic fashion how the house of Reddish had been at tacked the evening previous by several armed men. They had been taken by surprise and could ofter no effectual re sistance, and Reddish and^ his wife were both in the bed upstairs at the time. What become ol them they did not know, but it was more than pro-, bahle they fared ill at the hands of the assailants. They had concealed them selves near the house during the night and saw one ol the bushrangers leave the homestead dressed in the old settler's clothes, and when they left the place there were still three men at it Colonel Balfour was at once com municated with, and when he had heard the story he resolved to send a party of soldiers to tbe place. It was likely enough the assailants would not be there; but whether or not it would be necessary to send a force to the farm. Taking six reliable men, he set out about four o'clock in the afternoon and calculated on reaching the place before nightfall. He knew the locality well, and even at night he would have had little difficulty in reaching it One of the convicts — he called him Bill — ac- companied the expedition, and, as cal culated, they came near the lonely house about sunset As it was possible the outlaws might be in the vicinity caution was neces sary, and, dividing his party into three, the men approached the house from different directions. They could see smoke rising from the turf-built chim ney, and that showed thtt either Red dish and his wife were in the house, or the attackers had not yet gone away. The latter seemed scarcely probable as the men, whoever they might be, must know of the convicts escape and the fact that they would give an alarm. After waiting for a few minutes on the fringe of the bush, it was seen that the outlaws had not gone away, and Balfour decided to wait until dusk and then rush the hut From the manner those in the hut acted they did not appear to expect at tack, and this somewhat puzzled the colonel. As soon as the gathering darkness made objects indistinct the word was given to the soldiers to creep up to the house and at the signal rush in. Balfour himself, who never shirked danger, led the way to the back without the slightest sign that those inside were aware of the near approach of enemies. When the whole of the party had got that far Balfour moved round to the door and simultaneously the men burst in at the ooor and at the aperture that had been made by Brady to effect an entrance. There were three men inside, who were taken completely off their guard, and in an instant they were over powered and secured Indeed, they were too surprised 10 make even an at tempt at resistance. They had been so unsuspecting of danger that they neglected the ordinary precaution of having a watch kept, and they, conse quently, suffered for the omission. Balfour at once recognised one of the captured men as identical with an as sailant at Bartlett's, and he was ex tremely pleased to find that they had thus luckily captured three more of the notorious Brady gang. The chief of diem was still at large, and he seemed to have extraordinary lucV in thus es caping the authorities. The captured men maintained a sullen demeanour and would give the colonel no informa tion as to the whereabouts of Brady. There was no doubt it was the leader who had been seen by the two convicts leaving the place that morning, but whither he had gone was a terrible mystery. Balfour, who was now getting an ex pert in the business of hunting dow/i bushrangers, decided that he would re main in the house for three or four days in the hope that Brady might re turn. It was an off chance, but it was necessary that he should take the pre caution in case of the man's return. He would send the captured bush rangers back to Launceston in the morning and remain behind with two men. Four would be sufficient escort for the prisoners, and a couple of soldiers could be sent back to the house with food for the colonel. This pro gramme was faithfully carried out with what result the reader will shortly see. { We must now return to Brady. He i found little difficulty in making George ' Town, for the day was a fine one and the country favorable for travelling. The settlement irasa small one, and at the time, as now, of little importance. It had been a military station of con siderable strength in the first instance, but Launceston had taken the lead as the principal settlement in the north some years previously. The rather awkward navigation of the Tamar River caused many vessels to still go no further than George Town, and for that reason' it had been selected by the leader of the bushrangers. | At Low Heads, where the Tamar en tetfed the ocean, there was a signal station which sent intelligence to George Town, and it was transmitted by similar means to Launccston. There were several low public-houses at the settlement, small as it was, and to one of these Brady went His appearance created no surprise, and he entered the place as though he were an ordinary customer. There were, several men about the place, and the experienced eyes of the outlaw at once formed an opinion as to who and what they were. At that time there were a peculiar class in Van Dieman's Land who were half-pirate and half bushranger. They Were tolerated by the government, for at times they were very useful to the liuthorilies ; but it was simply winking at crime to act as the authorities did These individuals were called straits men, and, as a rule, .each half-dozen — or sometimes less — possessed a boat, When, a wreck occurred they went out and seized all the booty they could lay their hands on, and if that sort of busi ness 'was dull they not unfrcquently levied a sort .of blackmail on the coast ing craft ofthe north. There were a couple of these fellows In the tap-room which Brady entered, tnd he soon made their acquaintance ' fie had money enough to make him ielf agreeable, and.he spent it in good ?ITect. Gradually he wormed cut of , hem, without exciting undue suspicion, 1 1 a considerable amount ot mipnnation. It was seldom known that a 'straits-1 man' betrayed «the escaped convicts. They invariably sicca with them when1 they had to take sides, and on this oc casion Brady made such progress into the good graces -if his new-found friends that he determined on the bold and risky step of confiding in them. He was an extraordinarily keen reader of character, and he was not mistaken in his judgment of the two men whom he 1 had thus fallen in with. He was not aware at the time that the reward for. his capture, dead or alive, had been in- . creased to £200 or he might not have had the courage to tell the men whohtS , was. It was a risky thing, indeed, tflf do ; but he resolved to stake his all oa it, and, taking his companions into am other room, he soon revealed his idem tity. He had judlged his men rightly/ for the fellows so far from .evincing St desire to betray him at once entered into his scheme. They were quite ready to join in the proposal that Brady made and could get three others of their sort to assist | The whole of them were good sea men, and with the help of Brady and his three companions they would be able to take a ship round the world if necessary. They were sick or the Ute; they were leading, for Governor Aithur was beginning to put the screw on themj and the good old times were passing away. Brady was of opinion that a dozen men would be required to navi gate a vessel such as they would be able to seize successfully ; but his com panions told him that some of the crew of the vessel would be sure to throw in their let with them, and the chief, trouble they would experience would be in the direction of keeping down the number that would wish to go with tbem. Brady felt that in taking tbe men into his secret he had been wise, for tbey soon revealed information to him which was of the greatest importance. There was a whaling vessel of about 500 tons burthen then lying at Launceston, and she was expected down the river at any moment. She would remain a day or two at George Town, and the straits men were acquainted with the crew. The latter were 3 queer lot and ripe for any mischief, so tbat they would fall in with the piratical proposal which would be made to them. Tlie only difficulty in the way was that of Brady's com', panions who had been left at Reddish's farm. As it would be necessary to set sail as soon as the ship was seized, tbey- must be left behind, unless something, was done to obviate such a necessity. - Brady was faithful to his followers, and,' as he would not desert tbem, the straits men agreed to find a secure hid ing-place if Brady would bring them close to the station. They would meet him at a place less than a mile from the barracks and during the night would smuggle the outlaws on to the small boat they kept on the river. It would be necessary to execute the plan at once. Brady was of the same mind as the two smugglers, and he decided to 7,0 back to his comrades at daylight the following morning. He could then get back about dark. He did not doubt the faith of the straitsmen in the least, nor were they likely to prove treacher ous. In the morning he left George Town as quietly as he had entered it With characteristic caution he was care ful in approaching the dead settler's house to guard ajiainst surprise. He fancied that he saw a thin wreath of smoke rising from the chimney as he neared tbe place, and that would indi cate the presence of his companions. He hesitated for a time before going to the hut, and then he approached it stealthily from the back. When he had gone a few yards on the clearing he turned back again for an omen seemed to tell him of coming disaster. He had arranged a signal with his late com rades to discharge a musket and this he decided to do. For a few minutes no thing in the way of an answer was given until another shot was fired from the hut This was the signal agreed on, and yet something misgave him that everything was not right To make sure he decided to make a trial that would be very risky in itself, yet not so liable to end in capture as if he walked to the house. Strolling out into the clearing, he sat down on a log about 80 yards from the house and kept a close watch on the place. For nearly half an- hour he thus sat, and he was now convinced that something was wrong in the hut. He would still further test the point by another ruse, and he then made a show as if to retreat. He had not gone many yards back towards the bush when three shots were fired from the hut at him and several men ran out ofit after him. He had unmasked the enemy in a very unpleasant way, but lie trusted to his fleetness of foot and en durance to get away. He had just reached the edge of the cover when a fourth shot was fired, and the ball passed through his right thigh. It did not touch the bone, but inflicted a very painful wound and affected one of the sinews, as he soon found. He could not run nearly' so fast as previously, and he saw at once that he would have to make a fight of it His pursuers were gaining. ground.and, turning round, he fired at the foremost soldier. The shoi was resultless, and, throwing away the musket, Brady continued his flight H is wound was now beginning to tell on him. He was ftst losing his natural courage, which seemed to leave him with the oozing blood. He still had two pistols, and, turning fot the second time, he fired at the approaching foes, and then as if a nervous fear had seized him he stood stock still and waited for his pursuers to come up. As they sur rounded him he threw down his pistols . and was quickly secured. The famous leader of the Brady gang was thus cap tured almost without a struggle. In due time the trial of the outlaws came off, and, of course they were all sentenced to death. The . part which the two convtcts-took-in the murder of the Reddishs' was also cleared up ; but the authorities, in view of the way they had been instrumental in effecting the capture of the gang, did not execute but sentthem to Norfolk Island. D 40 (the end.) 