I SIMM IDYL. It had been a blazing hot day, and it was a warm still night at Sandridgo. Tho water Leaved lazily against the ragged apelogy of a beach, and a warm haze liuog about the unpicturesque collection of old marine stores that uttered the eliinglc. Far out on the Bmootli sea the flashlight from the light-ship sprang up every now and then, and the red eye of a steamer glistened from the end of the pier. Tha air about High-street was full of half sounds — tbe drowsy murmur of the sea against the rafters of the jetties, the dis tant moan of a hawser straining against a buoy, the regular blasphemy of a knot of sailors and long-shore men standing at th® corner. From the interior of the Spangled Star wine shop came the sounds i of revelry, and the beat of dancers' feet ; aud a cracked concertina, in the hands of an unknown master, and from some in visible spot, was playing ' Annie Laurie ' with perfectly frightful pathos, consider ing all the surroundings. How she had originally drifted there no one knew ; why she stayed tbere seemed perfectly plain to the regular and casual frequenters of the Spangled Star. At any rate no one had ever questioned her on tbe subject or suggested that the sur roundings were unsuitable. On the con trary, they looked upon her as an indis pensable fixture of tbe place. Sailors and men from the wharves and the rough miscellaneous patrons of the shop greeted her familiarly as Kate, and for each one she had his Christian name and a ready answer for his heavy gallantry and coarse jest. And then when she passed into the inner room with her tray fall of glasses of liquor, stopping at the dingy little tables to give the drinkers their orders, she was as free and bold as the boldest ef them. The Dutch skipper, with bis brandy face and hippopotamus pleasantry, could not raise the suspicion of a blush on her cheek ; the waterside wit — none of the most delicate, you may be sure — of the hard swearing, drinking, reckless assem blage was discharged in volleys for her benefit and received as a matter of course, Vet that night, when she went back to her uttle Btation behind tue counter in the front shop there was no gaiety in her face, and the heavy eyes looked wistfully out over the bay, and | presently there came that indescribable change into her face, the forerunner ef woman's tears, and a pendulous drop of water hung on her eyelash and trickled down her rough cheek. She dashed it away with tbe back of her hand, that hand coarse and beringed, but another took its place, and yet another, and she was crying now in great uncontrollable gusts, silently, bul as if something were being torn from her very heart. But she dried her eyes . resolutely and opened the door at the back of the counter that led to the living rooms, calling sharply for Maggie. Presently Maggie appeared, a slatternly, untidy slip of a girl, and her mistress bade her in the lsud grating voice that in which she was^ accnetomed to give her orders to keep the' shop, and she herself passed through the door and np the creaking stairs that led to her bedroom above. * ♦ » Eate Connolly tried to laugh and brazen herself out of it sll ; but it was no use. She looked at her face 8 dozen times in the glass, and told herself that sh6 was old and coarge. And she went back over her broken life, and called up a thousand low incidents and degrading scenes— and she tried to laugh it away with a cynical harsh laugh. Love ! And for her! How she has scorned the name of it {or a . dozen yeare past, jested and jibed at its -? '? ? ? mention, turned it, with the da' . panions of her garish life, into nuicule. And she had fancied herself so secure, too, in her raillery of all things pare and fiacred — case-hardened sinoe that gleain of wild haupiness had come to her yeare ago and died away like the flash of a sunbeam on a winter's day. And now, well over thirty, with the -wrinkles of ill-spent days and nights set indelibly on her face, begrimed with the very coarsest dust of life — now to feel it again stronger, sweeter. But had she not told him all this a hundred times, and he had said with his comical foreign accent, 'Acli, it is ofer — all ofer. With me it will be different.' And then once more she called all her cynicism to her aid and tried to laugh it down, but the ice about her heart was thawed aud she was helpless. She had thrown herself upon the bed as she fought with the ghosts of the past, but now she arose hurriedly and went to tbe little safe that stood in one oorner of the room. 'Unlocking it, she took a small canvas bag and carefully counted out the contents. Then she placed the forty golden sovereigns back again, slipped on her hat and jacket, and a moment afterwards was in the street, now almost silent. At the oorner of tho pier whero it joins the railway line, a tall figure stepped from behind a pile of timbers as Kate passed, and took her in his arms. She trembled and would have drawn back, but he held her fast, Then she yielded, but the recol lections that had besieged her iu her bed room thronged back on her, and she told him tremblingly, as if afraid that lie would take her at her word, how unworthy she was. But he looked at her with his boyiBh face and round grave eyes, and said simply, ' It is all ofer ; come,' leading her by the band on to the pier. Site followed him unresisting now, till they oame to where stairs descend to the staging under the pier, and he led her gently down. . The stage was level with the water, and the rafters of the pier looked in the moon light like - long oorridor extending sea wards. She wondered, but did not speak, even when a third figure joined them silently. Tbe men stood with their heads bared ; but she clung tight to his arm as the stranger commenced tp read in clear tones from a book he h61d in his hand. Sbo looked np when he had finished, trembling and in awe ; but Olai smiled at her confi dently and said, ' Come now.' Then lie led her up the stairs, and at the top she turned to look at the figure on the stage below and then at the single band of gold on her third finger. As she turned, a flood of moonlight fell on her face. It was almost beautiful ; the storms and stains of a dezen years had been washed out in those few moments. - ? ? ? That night at the Spangled Star, when Kate did not return, the guests ' took charge,' and* tho Uttle shop was closed next day. 