THE NOVELIST. DEKING.* BT A. L. K. H. CHAPTER II. John Derins having ordered his man to drive the dogcart to the hotel at which lie was in the hal.it of putting up on his rare visits to Charminster, walked rapidly down the road which led to the busiest part of the town With no distinct purpose, however be knew ..either where he was going nor what he intended doing. To his hrst shock of bewilderment had succeeded a storm of disturbed feeling. From the moment that Margaret Hearne had uttered the familiar name lie had not a doubt as to the identiti es the woman she spoke of. But how un tuirly the girl judge I him ! Without an atom of truth bevond the unsupported word of a vagrant, Margaret had evidently made up her mm.l that he was the typical heartless monster of fiction, and entertained no belief that even if the main part of this woman 8 story were true, he might yet be more sinned against than sinning. During had led a lonely life, and of late had, with more courageous clear- sightedness than-fortunately, perhaps-is given to most invalids, been accustomed to admit that the judgment of his lellows could not affect him long. Moreover, he tVIt, with most men who are conscious of more than the average intel lectual strength, babituil contempt for the parsing opinion of others. Sis circum stances and character alike disposed him to stand aloof from his kind, thanktul that he was not called upon to give them anything, and rejoicing that lie wanted nothing from them, least of all their approval. This ha >it or mind ma le him resent the more keenly that he coul i not conceal from him se f his irritation at the contempt shown by Margaret Hearue as she repeated the woman's story. With a shrug of th* shoulders Denng told himself he must sub.nit 10 be misjudged. It was not a nice story. No wonder that a voung girl shrank in disdain from the chief actor in the squalid drama. Ee could ex plain to no one, certainly to no inexperienced woman, prepared to take the harshest view of such things, how much was there that could justly plead fcr pity if not lor extenua tion. Had he not always recognised that no one who had not sinned and suffered in some similar way could understand ? He must be satisfied that his conscience told him his p nalty was so great because he had acted better and not worse than most men would have done under thj circumstances. That was cold comfort now that he was once more face to face with the past. He had hoped this ghost was laid, never to walk again until he was beyond the reach of human contempt. But it seemed that even the dregs ot lite were to hold their full share of bitterness. The condolence of the vulgar, the condemnation of the undetected, and the contempt 01 the innocent would represent his social relations with his neighbours when ewryone knew. But need everyone know? It was surrly impossible tor a joung girl to keep to herself a scandal about the new owner of Skelton. Yet it showed kindly consideration, as well as pluck, that Margaret should have sought an interview with him wuhout consul ting others. But the people at the hospital would talk, there would be a scene, paragraphs in the county papers. He stopped, remembering that, thougn he knew in wnich direction the hospital lay, he must ask ihe way to it. This reminded him that it was eight years since he left Charminster. Time had altered him much, and constant illness more. It was wry unlikelj that any ot the present staff at the hospital would know him by sight, though his name might betray him. He ne d not advertise bis shame if this were indeed his wile, and if it were Bome woman personating Kitty in the hope of being brought off to avoid scandal, he would not put iresh weapons into me hands ot a black mailer. How could it be Kitty herself? His solicitors wouid ha\e warned him if the wetk*y allowance paid to her in Cape town had not b en drawn. If there bad not been time tor such a warning to reach him, Dering thought he knew his wnes habits too well to suppose it pos sible that she could have had the resolution or foresight to scrape together enough money to take her to England. It must be some im postor. some woman who had learnt enough about Kitty to guess how much pain the mere report of her presence in England would cause him, and too little of him to know how vain was ihe ho,>e that he would pay for silence. The i'lea revived his spirits. Having inquired hia way from a pas9er-by, he stepped briskly out, and oon reached the iron railing surrounding ihe hospital. The numbers of people going to and fro on the garden paths beiwer n the gate and the entrance showed that it wa- a day on which visitors were admitted. To ihe porter who challenged him inside the i or he said he had lately come to live in the . eighbourhood, and would like to go round the hospital, but would trouble no one to go with him. He asked * few questions such as might occur to a philanthropic stran/.r, and ascertained the position of the female wards. Then, partly to conceal his r. al purpose, partly in fear that the result of his visit should belie the hopes with which he had been buoying himself, be firet went down the long corridor 0*1 to which the men's wards opened, and fjltned into the first one. '1 he long, light, airy urith its rows of beds at equal distances, the flowers on the table, the noiseless and business-like movements of the sisters on d«ty, the atmosphere of order and resigna tion, calmed and strengthened bim. 1 hecon va esoent looked up froui their books or dcaughU-hoards to see if the new arrival were an expected friend, and then continued their various occupations. Dering felt more at ease, for it seemed no one thought his pre sence unusual. The monition of death con veyed by the screens round one or two hods continuing cases dangerous or despaired of braced liini to face his disagreeable ordeal. Lite could not threaten him,at any rate, with many more such trials, lie thought, as he went slowly round, that a friendless, lonely man might do worse than come to die in the paying wards of a hospital. When he emerged again into the corridor he walked quickly back and crossed to the female side, determined to go through the wards at once and learn the worst. But at the first door he hesitated and decided to begin at the top Hoor. Hastily retracing his steps, he climbed the interminable stairs to the second story. He walked boldly into the first ward, trying to look as if he had some definite business there. Again, many heads were raised to vi>»w the new-comer. From none of them came any sound of recognition. The women had more friends to come and see them than the men in the other wing. She would have no visitor, thought Deering, as he went round carefully scrutinising the faoe and th'e occupant of each bed that had no watcher beside it None of them bore the slightest resemblance to the woman who had a right to his name. . Thus he examined three wards, and his eyes'' failing to see the faced he dreaded, his spirits rose again. He would surely know Kitty anywhere. The five years that bad elapsed since he had seen her could not have wrought an alteration which would deceive him. It mnst be an impostor. He went downstairs and entered another ward, fearing less to hear his name shrieked by the well-known voice. He reached the furthest corner; where, bounded by un occupied beds, stood one screened off, con taining a woman with her face half hidden in the pillowB, one arm thrown out on the coverlet His heart seemed to stop. The patient turned a little, exposing more of her face. It was Kitty. Though the hair was cut short, the eyes closed, the cheeks flushed and bloated, the lips twitching un naturally in uneasy sleep, he could not mis take her. A moment he Btood powerless, pitying horror at the fearful change conflict ing in him with terror lest she should wake and scream his name. Then he moved softly away, and when he was out of Bight of the bed, debated what he should do. He most get it over at once, before he left. Poor Kitty ! She had come to this at last, lie Dad known oil along that something of the kind was inevitable, but it was horrible to haw it brought there under one's eyes. He turned ami saw the sister going towards Kitty's bed with some nourishment in a cup. Then he stepped softly un and took her chair. "I can't tike anymore, nurse. I can't and won't." "Kitty, open your eyes," said Poring, gently taking her hand. "Jack! You here !" she exclaimed. "Ah! I remember now," adding with triumphant malice, " I thought you'd come." Then she saw his set face, and realising its meaning, went on in wheedling tones, "Aren't you glad to see me, Jack? Are you never going to forgive me? But my! you are changed ! Have you been ill too? I've been bad, very bad, and I want you to take care of me now you've pot a home of your own. Your uncle's dead, ain't he? Take me out of this hole, Jack, there's a good sort. You can't have your wife in a common hospital." " It wasn't by my wish that you came here," Deringanswered. "I left you in a comfortable borne and with kind friends at Capetown. What did you tell me yourself ? That yon bated the sea, and didn't care about coming to England. If you had only warned me ; but to come like this " " Well, I got sick ot the place," Kitty ad mitted ; "and thoBe. Taylors you left me with weren't ao particular after your back was turned. They used your- money to feather their own nest, as the saying is, and behaved pretty mean to me. I don't believe Taylor was sober, neither ; and Mrs. Taylor and he dressed that child of hers out in silk and satin, and Jeep' me. short. I didn't see why I should put up with that. Then one day I see in: the paper that your uncle was dead, and that you'd come into a heap of money " "Ah! that was it 1" Dering interrupted. " Well, I can tell yon that you have made a very great mistake. My income is not much more than it was, and there's the place to keep up. Now, listen to me, Kitty !" He tightened hiB hold of the hand he held, and looked fixedly at her to keep her atten tion. . - "The doctors don't give me many months to live, and I mast live those in peace. I uan't and won't have you with me. I tried that too long, and you kpow how it ended. Sot you shall ohooie. You oan either go back to the Cape as soon as you are sufficiently recovered, or I will place you with some kiwi people in this country (but not in tliis town) who will look after you and keep you from injuring yourself. In either case I will double your allowance. But, remember, you arc not to come near me. I will spend my last days in peuce." Kitty looked at him dully, dazed, it seemed, by his vehemence. "You won't try me again, Jack, and after I've come all these thousands of miles to see you ? I'm ill, I am really, and you can't be so hard as to leave me here." " You are better here than anywhere else," Dering answered. " Don't I know what it would be if you were anywhere in reach of that accursed poison ? I can't keep you from it, but I can put you with people who can. As soon as you are well you shall go for a change to the seaside, and in the meantime if you decide to stay in England I will make inquiries about some good people to send you to. Do they know here who you are V lje looked at the tablet over the bed,* and saw the name Kate Dering. The woman followed his look. " No, they don't, not yet. Leastways when thai-jawing-tady-friend ot yourscame and talked to me a bit, I told her in conGdenoe. I didn't want to disgrace you, Jack. 1 didn't think you'd like your friends to know that your wife was in a pauper hospital at the very door of your own estate. It don't sound nice, do it?" " I don't care how it soundB," said Dering, " you can't be better oil than you are now for the present, and I'll see that you have all you want. I am going now, but you must tell me which it is to be-do you want to Btay here or go back ?" " You'll be sure to double the allowance?" " Yes. I've said so. You know I've never broken faith with' you." " And you won't Rive me another chance, Jack?" " I'll never cease giving yon chanceB, bnt not in my bouse. For your sake as well as mine I am resolved on this." " Well, I'll stay here anyhow." She gave a deep sigh and turned her face sullenly away. Dering picked up his hat and rose. "Good-bye," he said, "I will make arrangements' for you." Re paused, and for a moment stood looking at the averted faoe. " Good-bye, Kitty. I shall not come again." The womaa raised herself in bed to hold him, but gave a cry of pain, and fell back on the pillow with her head to tier tide. The nurse came up, end Dering met her behind the screen. " I've been talking to your patient," he said hurriedly, " but she seems to need your services more than mine." The nurse paid little heed to him, and Derm? walked away. When he got back to Skelton he wrote to his solicitors, instructing them to write to the secretary of the Charminster Hospital. They were to state that a client who was in terested in a patient named Kate Dering was willing to pay for any comforts she might re quire in the hospital, and, on hearing that she was in a fit state to be moved, would arrange to have her sent to the seaside. When he had finished this letter, Deiing thought he would write to Margaret Heu me. lie sat ior some minutes, pen in hand, uiti>r he had written the date at the top of iiie sheet. Then he tore it up, muttering to him self that it could only make matters worse. She must think what she liked, and tell who she liked. It was hopeless to explain. This was just one more annoyance brought ou him by his fatal mistake, and he must hear it as best he might until the " sleep eternal in the eternal night." 