SOUTH AUSTRALIAN NEWSLETTER (FBOU OUR OWN OOBBBBFONDBNTi) ADELAIDE, Tuesday.— Matters political are very, much mixed. In the ordinary course ot Parliamentary procedure, tbe Kingston Ministry should resign after the defeats they have sustained. Since my last letter the Public Salaries Bill has been thrown out in the Council, and the Assembly has refnaod to pass the clause in tbe Amended State Advances Bill which wonld empower the formation of a post office Barings bankt Bumor bas it tbat the Premier would like to resign, but is afraid to go to the country with such an experi ence, Ab the present Opposition could not carry on if they succeeded to the Treasury bencbcB, a dissolution wonld be inevitable. But there's the rub. Those in power don't want a dissolution, and won't resign in consequence, and the opposition want it, but they can't get it j hence the business of the colony Will have to bb carried on by the &ing;&ton; Government until the end of the year, when the Parliament will dissolve through effluxion of time. If through any developments a dissolution should take placc the elections will be confined to male voters, as the newly enfranchised women have not been long enough on the rolls to entitle them to vote. Although the Conservative section were practically left tint in the cold when the elections fdr the Select committee on the tillage settlements were held, they have the satisfaction of knowing that their efforts in getting the Commission appointed are fully justified by the evidence taken. There can be no doubt tbat on tbe whole the affairs of the settlements arc very unsatisfactory, and were more particularly so at tbc start. Men who had nothing in common but their poverty were allowed to form a settlement aud draw upon the Government for tbeir support. This was freely given without adequate oversight and in consequence some of the villagers have overdrawn their account, and none of them can see their way clear to begin repayments within the speci fied time. In several cases tbc bnngling of the inexperienced settlers in connection with the pumping plants has resulted in hundreds of ponnds being thrown away, and valuable time wasted. Wrangling amongBt them selves bas been more tban a diverting pas time with many of them. In one placc it got to stand-up tights. There is one thing that stands out prominently, and that is the Socialistic cry of the land for the people has received a nasty knock. Some of the vil lagers, who were loud of lung before they joined, have entirely changed round. Num bers of eettlerB want the land cat up into 20-acrc blocks. One individual coolly asked for four times that quantity. Although the evidence so far is unpleasant reading, it docs not eo much affect the principle of the settlements as the working. Had they been properly looked after, and the villagers in structed, the result might have-been far dif ferent. The wordy warfare between the Premier and tbc Conservative journal has evidently run its course, as more tbau a week has elapsed since the bellicose Attorney-General opened his vials of wrath aud vituperation on the head of the devoted editor, liis final effort waa more daring and shamefaced than all the others. He was not content with attacking the publication, but went behind tbe scenes and dragged ont the leader writers and put up their names as a target. The pressman's reply on the following morn ing wa6 a contemptuous snub. It had far more effect tban tbeir usual replies, which have been more on a level with the King stonian garbage. If the writer had treated the Premier with contempt in the earlier passages, the war would not have been carried on to Buch an extent. The mythical being who bas charge of the elements has not been carrying out his j duties to the colony '6 advantage. In the; city and suburbs we have had more rain than wc required, and more than many people cared abont; but in some parts ol the colony tbe rainy (lie) season has not averaged an inch. If the drought should break np in a week or so the prospccts of the harvest will be brighter, but if not, in many placeB the crop will not average more tban a bushel to tbe acre, and there will be a lot of wheat that will not pay for cutting. 1 do not pose as a farmer, therefore 1 can not see why, even with an average of five bushels, which barely pays, the tiltcrs of tbe 6oil continue, year after year, sowing wheat in districts where the return is rarely up to the average, and in a majority of cases con siderably below it. Everybody in this world seems to know how to conduct other people's business better than they do them selves. 1 don't ; so 1 give it up. The great Zimmerman is beaten, and by a youthful Australian There were ten entries for the great race, a five mile scratch, but one half started. Two gave up early in the race, aud the odd man got so far behind that he didn't count. There were only two fairly in it, and it was a great go. Parsons led most of the way, and when he passed the line in the same position the enthusiasm was intense. Cheers came from thousands of throats. Half the people tried to knock the skin off their hands, and hats innumerable were toseed into the air. The gronnd was fairly rushed, and the plucky little winner —who, by the way, is only 20 years of age, aud of slight build — was quickly hoisted shoulder high, and escorted by an applaud ing crowd to the dressing-room. Tbe friends of the world's champion aver that their man was not fit. Be tbat as it may, he pulled off the Half-mile Scratch in fastest time for Adelaide, and saved himself for the Five mile, whereas Parsons went right through the afternoon. When I was vegetating in the rural dis tricts of our dear little isle, and setting a store of juvenile pride on the possession of a few rabbits, 1 little thought that the then unoffending bunny would develop into an alarming pest. Such, however, is the case in Lhc northern part of this colony. Owing to tbe drought in New South Wales tbe rabbitB have made a raid in myriads on tho quiet township of Cockburn in search of water. At first the incident was almost un noticed, but when the ground near the dams was covcrcd by the rodents and thousands were pressing on behind, the inhabitants thoaght it time to take action. A goodly contingent, armed with improvised dubs, sallied out, and in a short time had slaughtered about 26,000. It made a gap, but not a clearance, and now a petition has been sent to the Government for assistance. Should rain fall before the help is given it will Lh- a serious matter, as the jKDssibiliticB of an epidemic arising from thousands of decomposing rabbits arc not remote. For some time pa6t lhc streets of our suburbs have been fairly free from children after sundowu in consequence of a rnmor tbat a ghost, designated as 'Spring-heeled Jack,' was in the habit of taking bis evening walk. No authentic account was received, but many people rigged up yarns about the n--c;urnal visitor. One story was that a ser vant girl was guing hoin«j alone tprobably had a quarrel with one of her numerous fol lowtiiti), when she fell in with another '? mash' who offered to escort her, which she gladly accepted. On arrival at the gate the '? inasb,' in saving good uight, threw open his coat, and displayed the words ' Prepare to mtet thy doom' emblazoned in letters of tire on his manly chest. With a whoop and a tremendous bound he dejiartcd in search of another victim, while the slavey resorted to the feminine tactics of fainting, in which condition she was found by her mistress. Many other yarns of a similar nature arc about, but nobody can be found who even knows the people who are allcgedjto have seen the weird visitor. However, every cloud has a silver lining. Whether there is u ghost or not, the rumors have had a bene ficial effect io keeping children indoors ut. night, iuBtead of plying hide and seek in the dark between the cabs nnd trams in the streets. In these days of free education, enlighten- ment of the masse*, and all that sort of thing, it is astonishing to hear that in some parts of this colony the people believe in witchcraft. 1 was in the Angaston district last week, and a resident told mc a story which seemed incrcdiblc, but which he asserted was an absolute fact. A widow hod the misfortune to have two cows die within a short time of each other. The explanation given by her neighbor of the cauec of death was not believed. The animals were bewitched. Her view was supported by an old bag who was noted for witchery, and she instructed the widow in the event of another cow dying to take tbe carcase into a field and burn it ,* the Urst person who passed would be tbe one who did the witchery business. The third cbewcr of the cud pegged out in due course, aud the funeral pyre was duly lighted. The tire attracted the attention of a resident, who proceeded to the sccne to ascertain the cause, and was very near finding ont to hiB coat, 