GOLDEN LOVE. [BY FRANCES FirZGIBBON.] CHAPTER IV. THE MENei EVENING, ' The inmate* of Government House .eat round the tea-table one eultry evening a few days before Christmas. Mrs. Reid presided at the head of the table, her nephew, Lanoelof Russell, at the foot', the governess and the new ring-neck, Gerald Blake, on either side. It was a very pleasant party to look upon. The squatter's wife was aoomely matron, dark and rosy, still young and pleasant looking. The Manager as fine a looking young man as one oouLd wish to see, with a handsome bronzed faoe, large olear blue eyes, and a heavy light-brown moustache. The gover ness, whom we have already described, looked partioularly attractive in her eoft white dress, with a spray of wattle-blosBOm fastened in her dark hair, and another in the bosom of her dress, with a oouple of fresh green ferns ; and the new ring-neck, Gerald Blake—an ordinary kind of young man, about twenty-two years of age, good hearted, good natured, honest, pas sionately fond of atbletios, especially orioket, and an fait in all the current slang of the period. He was tall, and slight, and fair, and very boyish, both in faoe and manner. He was full of delight at the noveltyof everything around him—every thing amusedand interested him, and, of course, it goes without saying that he had not been twenty-four hours on the station before he was bead over ears in love with Graoe Athelstone. "Let's see," said Mr. Russell, who bad finished his tea and was leaning baok in his ohair, whioh was dangerously poised on its two hind legs. " This is Thureday, isn't it ?" "Yes,Bir," answered young Blake. "Then we shall not be honoured with your company this evening, Miss Athelstone? "How's that, sir? Has Miss Athelstone engaged a box for the opera this evening?" The mild irony of the question caused a general smile to go round the table. An opera box—three bUD°red miles from civilization, civilization, oi course, meaning the metro polis ! The young gentleman bad not quite grown accustomed to the Saturday afternoon's mustering, or dolt breaking, or oattle brand ing, or whatever happened te be "on the boards," to use his own expression. His Saturday afternoons before ooming to Winoola were every one, without fail, passed on the Adelaide Oval " barracking" the "Norwoods" or an intercolonial "eleven." " Miss Athelstone has instituted a working men's olub, which meets every Thursday even ing," answered the Manager. Gerald Blake looked enquiringly at the young lady. " Have you. Miss Athelstone ?" "No, Mr. Blake. I regret to eay Mr. Russell is misleading you," she ssid with a smile at the Manager. " 1 have not instituted a olub or anything of the kind. I read to the men for a oouple of hours every Thursday evening, and at their own request. They come down and sit very orderly and quietly in the little summer-house at the bottom of the garden." " Do you really ? How awfully good of you, Miss Athelstone," exolaimed the lad. "Are the readiuga restricted to the kitohen people ?" " Yes." "I think not, Mr. Blake," and the stnile that acoorapanied the refusal took away the unpleasantness of a request denied. " Does dally Braes come down to listen !" "Who, Mr. Blake?" " Oh, I beg your pardon. Miss Athelstone, but that woman up at the kitcheD, Mrs. Jarvis, or Jarvie, or whatever her name is, always puts me in mind of Sally Brass. Does she come to the readings ?" " Yes, sometimes." " What are you reading to them, now, Miss AthelBtone?" asked Mrs, Reid. " Wo are following the adventures of 'Oliver Twist* at present." "Do they like it?" " Yes, immensely. Mr. Bulloclcy is enrap tured with the Artful Dodger, I was quite alarmed for bis safety the other evening. I was reading the part where Tom Bates is before the Magistrate. Do you remember it, Mr. KusBell?" " Yes, perfeotly. There are chapters of that book and ' Martin Chuzzlewit' I can repeat by heart." "Theolimaxof Mr. Bullooky's amusement was reached when we came to where the Dodger addresses the pompous Magistrate as 'Was y'u redrosain' yerself to me, iny man?'" The reminder raissd a general laugh, for all remembered it. "Does Dickens never raise a laugh out of Gentlemen Jaok?" asked young Blako, who who was not slow in learning the station nick names. "' Gentleman .Taok,' whoever he may be, haB not yet attended our readings," answered the governess. " By-the-way, what's his proper name, sir," ho asked, turning to the " boss." "Whose? 'Gentleman JackV I really don'tknow." The proper names and tbehistoriesof themen under him was a matter of perfect indifference to Liinoelot .Russell.. " Well, they will be waiting for me. I must go; au revoiV; and with a smile and a slight inclination of the head Grace Athelstone left the room; and all the brightness seemed to go out with her. Lancelot Russell jerked baok bis chair end neat and stood at the long open window, half hidden by the cream-lace curtains, and watched the tall white figure >s it passed down the path between the tons Of vines till:, it disappeared into' a little' arbour on the left, of the path 'almost at . the bottom of tbe. garden. The little summer-house was a per feot- blaze of. ooloor—for the Creepers that oovered , it— honeysuckle," cacti, Sturt-pea, . vines, and passion-flower were in full bloom. - When there was to bis mind nothing left'' that was worth looking at Lancelot Russell strode out on to the verandah and walked up and down with an impatience that whs empha sized in every step he took. ■ "It's perfeotly maddening, he said to him self as he strode up and down, "to think of bet wasting her sweet society on those rough . boors," forgetting in bis selfish love the in fluence her "sweet Booiety" might have on the poor "boors." " We was afraid y'u wasn't oomin', miss," said Bullocky as Grace Atbelstone took the seat reserved for her at the end of the little deal-table in the summer-bouBe, whore werf seated some dozen men. "I am a little late," she answered plea santly, after a general "Good evening' to them, and a special one for Maok, who was t favourite. "Been pretty warm to-day, miss,* observed Bullocky, who was always ready to talk ; indeed, he would often invent questioni simply for the pleasure of having her sweet, serious eyes turned on him while she an swered him. She would be as friendly and talk as pleasantly to these rough-mannered men ai though they were gentlemen, without in the slightest way endangering her standing amongst thairi, or stepping an iuoh from her native dignity, wbicli proved her to be a true lady, needing no artifioial or affeoted stiffness to bolster up a dignified exterior. She treated, them with the eame oourtesy and politeness that she would have used bad they been in he; own station of life, showing them that they oould be gentlemen, even though they wore moleskin trousers and ate off tin plates. She took them for gentlemen, treated them as such, and they oould do no more-than to act up to what she believed them to be, and pay her back in her own gracious coin, and it oame naturally to them to do so. Therewas note man on the station, even the roughest among them, to whom profanity oame as naturally bb breathing, who would have offended her by so much as an insolent look. For to inBult her would be to insult what was best and purest in them selves. And who is there amongst us, no matter how rude and sinful, does not possess in us something pure nud good ? " Before we begin,1' she said, as she took the book Mack liauded lior, "I would like to askyouif you have settled ony thing about what we spoke of last Thursday," and she looked round with a smile. Three or four of them moved uneasily, their seats; Bullocky scratched his head, Cockney grinned, and Mack stooped down to fasten his bootlace; but no one spoke. " Well?" Bhe said after a moment. " Ain't you fellas got nothing to say ?" said a tall old man who stood back in the corner. Bullooky then ventured." We ain't able to do much, iniss, but," and here he paused, and fumbled awkwardly in bis pocket. "Fetch it oat, old man,", urged one of the men who was growing impatient. Presently Mr. Bullooky produced a sheet of notepaper folded orookediy, and laid it on the table, first smoothing the creases out of it on his knee. Miss Athelstone took the paper, whioh smelt strongly of toboooO, and glanced over it, while twelve pairs of eyes watohed hee faoe. Presently she locked up with a very pleased expression. "I think lb is very good," she said. "We shall have a very pleasant evening I am sure." The men looked at one another in meaning silence for a moment, each waioing for the other to speak. Then Bullocky ventured again— " We don't think it quite complete, miss." "What? The programme!" asked Miss Athelstone. "Yes," said Mr. Harris. "There's some* think else we'd like to have on it." "Certainly," she said readily. "Put on it whatever you like," and she handed book the paper, without a suspicion of what was meant. But Mr. Bullooky did not offer to take it. She was puzzled, and seeing it, the tall old man in the ourner spoke up again— " They want you to pub down yer own name on it, miss—for a song or somewhat." "Oh," rhB said, "I understand. Very well, if I may, and taking a little ivory handled pencil from her pooket she wrote "G. Athelstone—song." A murmur of some thing like thanks or approval went round among the men. The paper was a programme ot an enter tainment that was to take plaoe one night during the week after Christmas. All the men had pat down their names for someitem— song, leading, or recitation. One man's name bad opposite to it—"Violin solo," another two were braoketed together for "Duet, fluto and oornet." Miss Athelstone was more than surprised at the oontents of the paper. She had merely suggested on the last evening they had met here that it would be a good idea to have eome kind of an entertainment to wind up tbb day, which was to be kept ae a holi day. The folks from the next station (Penlid do'ck) were coming to Winoola to spend Christmas Day, and there had been arrange ments made for a grand oricket match between the men belonging to both stations. All, each in his and her own way, were looking forward to the2Gthof December with agreat deal of plea sure. "Don't you think it'a too long, ma'am?" asked a red-whiskered man who bad been silent till now, "No,"shereplied. "There's not as item on it too much." ft was written out iu a hand that showed some acquaintance with a pen, which surprised tbe young lady not a little, and the spelling was perfectly correct. She would have liked to bave known who had drawn up the pro gramme, but would not ask. But ehe had a very shrewd suspicion that it was the work of the tall foxy shearer in the corner. "This day week will be Christmas Day.'* she said, " as of course you all know. Mr. Russell thinks it would be as well to have the cricket match early, before it gets too hot." "That's just what we was sayin', miss,'' said the bullockdriver; "and we was 'opin' he'd agree." "Well," ehe said again, " is that all you'd like to say about the programme? I think every one is represented." "Yes, mum, all but Gentleman Jack," said one of the men. " And who is Gentleman Jaolc?" ehe asked. Bullocky volunteered the information that "Gentleman Jack was a bloke the boss engaged about eighteen months ago as a sort of overseer. . lie didn't belong on the station, but lived in an 'at on a distant part of the ruu, and cooked hiB own tucker ; but he oame into the Btation about-oncea month for rations, and stayed a couple of daye." \- "I think I heard you uayfcewas in this : '"evMkSng*''" '* ; ^ *m—an' I told 'im about the reading btttho didn't 'angbn." fie don't take to the weemon." 1 41 Shall we begin-now ? ' There wee instant silence,' The men settled : themselves haok tn the benches with their oyes fixed on the fair young reader, and prepared to spend the next two hours—whioh were the pleasantest time of the whole week to them. Indeed, these readings were the only pleasure they had to look forward to from week's end to week's end, except, perhaps, an occasional gams of orioket or quoits of a Sunday after, noon after thoy had finished their week's washing. The clear voice of the reader flowed on for an hour, only interrupted now and then by a laugh from the inen at some of the Dodger's artful tricks or oomical sayings. Suddenly a figure stood in the doorway, and threw a dark shadow aoross the table and the book. The men looked up with quick impa tience at the interruption, for the reader's voioo had suddenly oeased. It was only Gentleman Jack after all, but what was the matter with him ? He was grasping the framework of the doorway on either side of him as if tor support, ana his faoe, as he bent slightly forward, was drawn and grey, as though be had been etruck with sudden pain. A low cry from the reader turned all eyes towards her. If the men were surprised at the strange alteration in the faoe of Gentleman Jack the astonishment was doubled when they looked at Miss Athelstone. She was standing with olasped hands, and a faoe as white as death, gazing with startled frightened eyeB at the figure in the doorway, as if he were a ghost. The men looked from one to the other, and then at each other, then finally slipped out of the little house one by one, till Gentleman Jack and the governess were left alone, still staring at one another. j.nere was somecmng cney couia not under stand, bub the instinct which led them to leave the scene of the mystery told them that this sudden and evidently unexpected meeting wqa something they had no right to look upon. And so they iyenb b&olc; wonderingly to tboir huts, cheated out of an hour of their eipeoted pleasure. After the first startled cry had escaped ber Grace Athelstone stood and gazed at what she half believed to be the ghost of Arthur St. John; but as he came towards her she stretched out both hands to him with a strange little ory that waB half a laugh. He took the two trembling hands in bis and stood in front of her for a few seoonds speechless, overpowered with the Budden ruBh of emotion. She looked up into his face, so moved, yetso dearly familiar. The suddenness of the meeting was too much for both of them. " Arthur!" she said, with the same little nervous ory. " My God ! Miss Athelstone 1 Is it you ?" he exclaimed hoarsely in the deep voioe that thrilled through and through her. Oh, what a world of questions was contained in the "Is it you.'" It meant "Is it you that they all talk eo muah about ? You I bear spoken of as the 'Boss's young lady V 'our young lady,' 'the governess';' You, whom I've fancied to be hundreds of miles away? You, whom I've enshrined in my heart all these years?" "Where did you oome from?" she asked with trembling lips. "I didn't come from auywhere. I live here." "Where?" "/livehere too,"shesaid 6imply. He still held ber hands in a grasp that caused her actual physical pain as she stood before him, trembling in every limb. "And I never to have known it," lie said sadly. "And I—but—but you don't really live on the station, or—I'd surely have seen you, or heard" 3he stopped increduously, scarcely able even yet to believe her eyes or eare. " Haven't you heard of Gentleman Jack?" "Yes! Oh! But it wasn't you? Wa» it you they meant? And it was you.' Oh, Arthur ! it was you who were sick away out j in that lonely hut with no one but the blacks to look after you. I remember feeling sosorry, and I saw them bringing you in—and I didn't know! I didn't know !" She bent her head, but the hot tears fell on the clasped handB. " Had I known it was you who sent me the orangee and offered to come and read to me, I"—he began with a tenderness he could not suppress She intsrupted with " Why didn't I know?" 8he suddenly withdrew her hands, and sat down on the bench, every nerve trembling, and he stood by her, longing to take her in his arme, and paur out the love that was con suming him. " How long have you been here ?" he asked more quietly, looking down at her. " Twelve months," she said without looking up. "Twelve months !" he repeated. " And you?" she naked. " I don't know," he said. "It seems years tome." "Where have you been ever since you left home—at Lead's Hill?" " Everywhere, till I oame here," lie said. " And the others—where are they?" He briefly told her about the rest of the family, looking hungrily down on her fake as she looked up at hira—the dear pale face that was bo constantly before his mind. A heavy step was heard in the garden, on the gravelled path. He bent down and putting a band on her shoulder looked searobingly into her face, and said in a low voice— "They say you are going to marry Mr. Russell. Is it so ?" "No!" she said simply, looking straight into his eyes. "He is ooming," ho said. "Good-by." " Arthur!" The cry was wrung from her in spite of herself. Tt was the poor human heart that cried out for the food that had been, as it were, held to its lips—for which it had been famishing—only to have it snatched away again. He turned quickly to her, hesitated a senond, then put. his arms round her, and held her to him for one wild moment, and pressing bis lips to her forehead, he quickly and gently plaoed her on the chair, stepped out the back entrance, and was gone. The sound of his footsteps had hardly ocesod when the tall form of the Manager filled the doorway. " What, gone already !" he said in surprise. " I came down to see them about — good heavens! Mibb Athelstone, what's tbomatter ? Are you ill?" ' "No." She gavo a strange little laugh. "Iam quite Veil—thanks, and the next moment she slipped on to the floor at hiB feet. Qo lifted her tenderly up, his heart beating fast with anxiety and love, and held her up in bis arms. " Water t Blake, quiok 1" he said as that young gentleman made hia appearance only to rush away again in searoh of Mrs. Reid and restoratives. In a very few minutes all three were bending anxiously over the unooneoious girl. A ssoond »pplioatio«i- o{ coldwater restored Heir, and sitting up she gazedround In bewilderment. « ■ "Are you betfeer,now?" asked the young Manager.-bending-tenderly -oyer hery The tone of nia voioe and the olasp of hie arm round her shoulders soon reoalled her Mat tered senses, and with" the oolonr oreeping baok into the white cheeks she moved out of his embrace. " 1 am all right, now, thank you,"ehe said, looking with quick enquiry into eaoh of their faces. "What oameover you, Miss Atheistone— were you tired ?" OBked Gerald Blake. "I—I don't know," she said nervously; but the eyes were full of tears. " It was the heat," said the squatter's wife decidedly, wishing to give her time to recover herself, for Bhe could see the girl was trem bling, " I always said this place was only fit for biaoks. It's enough to,kill any one," she .added severely; then turning to hsr nephew she said, "Was she ill—like this when you found her?" "She was sitting here, looking like a beau tiful ghost, and when I asked ber if she were ill she assured me she was quite well, and to prove the faob she fainted." The girl's lips began to tremble again, "You'd better oome up to the house, my dear," said Airs. Reid, kindly. "Can you manage it ?" Young Blake sprang forward. "Let me help you, Miss Atheistone," be said eagerly, and ho drew her hand through hie arm, but she seamed so unsteady that Lancelot Ruseell had to support heron the other side. Her sudden indisposition was fortunately accredited to the unusually hot day and the fatigue of reading so long. The next evening found her the same as usual, only a trifle pale; j 