A Woman's Face. CHAPTER VIII. IF tlie morning light improved Alma Cros niont, it certainly did more for Lady Kil donan ; it transformed lier. Every bril liant tint of her skin, the silvery sheen of lier yellow hair, the lustre of her blue eyes, and of the even teeth which she showed every oiher minute in light-hearted laugh ter, gained a new and more dazzling radi ance iu the brightness of the sud. She was kneeling on the floor, playing with two bf the dogs lilw a merry child ; and as she sprang up on the entrauce of the mistress of the house, the retriever bounded and placed his fore-paws against her waist in the belief that her quick movement was only a ruse of the game. She was dressed as plainly as a man, in a tailor-made gown of dark-brown cloth, a hat to match, with a single straight feather, and an outer gar ment reaching almost to her feet, cut like a man's overcoat, and lined with dark sable. The coat was unbuttoned and thrown open, displaying the curves of a tall, slight figure iu a perfectly- fitting dress. Iler right haud from wbii:h- she had drawn the glove while playing with the dogs, was white and slim, the left was oovered with a dogskin riding glove. " Down, down, down, Lancor I*' she said, as she came forward brimming over with smiles. " You're a very nice and important person, but you can't expeofc to monopolize all one's nttmtiou. Oh, Mrs. Orosmont, where do y< u get these heart-breaking dres ses from ?" she cried, her tone suddenly changing to mock plaintiveness as she shook bands with Alma, and surveyed the ruby coloured morning gown that lady wore, with hearty admiration, "You always look like a picture but it's really too hard to bear one's husbaud always saying, ' Why don't you dross like Mrs. Orosmont ? He insistB that you make your Crocks youraelf. That's what a man always thinks if it isn't covered with little bits of fringe, aud buttons and bows-isn't it, Uncle Hugh ?" As she turned to shake hands with Uncle Hugh, who WHS S:nilin;! upon her with the iudulgttnt maimer which- was J he far'best ? departure from phsolute adoration "that any map^vad tlie heart to show to her. think you make your own frocks," he said, shaking his head. I don't believe you know one end of the needle from the other." '. That is an insult. Will you withdraw it if I give you a kiss ?" " Certainly." " There then." She kissed him merrily on the forohead, and as she did so she appeared to notice for the first time the presence of a fourth person. Alma began to introduce tho young doctor, but Lady Kildonan held out her hind, and looked at him with aroh demureness. " Dr. Armathwaite has met me before, unluckily," she said, with a mischievous laugh. "''You won't soon forget thediscrim ina ion I showed on our first meeting, will yon ?" " I shall never forget any incident con necteJ with you," said he, bowing. «. I am sure that is meant to be a very pretty speech ; but as about half tho things X d i are not much to my credit, I fervently hopa you will not keep your word." Then she turned to Alma, and drawing that lady's arm in her owu, led her to the Bofa, I've called at this unearthly hour to ask you something," she said, with pretty serious ness, passing her own soft fingers caressingly over the other lady's unwilling hand. " I've just met Mr. Orosmont in the village, and he tells me you are getting quite ill and de pressed because you never go out. And so I've come to ask you to let mo take you hack to The Crags with me to luncheon. We've got a few people there now, and though I can't plead that they're highly in ' teresting, still you'll have the satisfaction of giving them pleasure, for they've all heard a great deal about you, and are very anxious to know you. Now, do say you'll come, please. Your husbaud is coming to lunch with us, as you know ; aud if also these gentlemen will only honour us with their society, we shall he awfully pleased to have them." "Thank you, Lady Kildonan," said Alma, with coldness which could not fail to seem ungracious after the effusive warmth of the invitation. " It is very good of you to think of me, but I have a very great deal to do to-day, and cannot avail myself of your kindness. "Oh, don't be so disagreeable," cried Lady Kildonan, pouting like a spoilt child. " You never will come and see me. You are ae formal as if we were two old dowag ers. I wish you wouldn't be so dignified. You remind me of what I ought to b6 with J those regal airs of yours." " My position is not the same as yours. If it were, I should not require regal airs either." She tried to say this playfully, but Ar mathwaite, who know more of the situation than anybody guessed, detected a heart jrung break iu her voice which brought a lump in his throat. .Lady Kildonan, who seemed bent on conciliating the other lady, tried a different tone, and spoke again with a plaintive note in her voice too. " Your position.is, at any rate, a much happier one than mine," she said, looking straight in front of her, with child-like blue eyes, in a distracting manner. " You have not got a husband who thinks of nothing else but his books, and looks at you as if he thought it a pity you were not bound- in half-calf 1" She turned her eyes languidly in the direc tion of the gentlemen, and seeiug a smile on their faces, she fell to laughing outright Jierself, " Nobody will believe I'm unhappy ,* and ?really perhaps things might be worse," she -said good-bumouredly. " Only the way in which you guile about with mournful eyes gaius everybody's sympathy, and make3 me eeem vulgar and bouncing." » Wonld you cave for the appearance of -uuhappiness at the price of being unhappy, then ?" ask^d A'ma, gravely. " I'm n«t quite sure that I could be un haopy. Nothing: seems worth the while. I cnii be cro-s when anybody thwarts me, but. I suppose you won't, allow that that is the same thing ?" ^ A certain bright archness in her manner aluumed the geutlemen, but seemed ty have a .Jifferent effect upon lier fellow-woman. "It is a question of temperament," said Alma, quietly, " ami perhaps also of climate. This lakc-country diesn't agree with me, and I am going away shortly for change of air." Armatliwaite, who was talking to Mr. Crosmont, but with eyes and earn on (bo nlert, 6aw a fierce light like a iltish struck from steel, dart out of Lady Kildonan's handsome blue eyes. For a moment she made no answer ; thon, with a bright laugh, sho sprang up to go. " Well, I kuow it is of no use for me to say anything to you. You goatle women wiih low voices and downcast oyos always will have your own way. But if ouly I could do anything to make the country en durable to you it would make both my hus band and mo so happy. I know it is dull for you to live cast up ou a hill like this wheu you have been used to lota of society and admiration in the town, and you have not the resources of a thorough-bred rustic like me. But whenever you lilce to come up to The Crags, wo will welcome you like the flowers iu May.'" I Without meeting her eyes, sho shook hands with Alma, who answered quietly : "Thank you, I am sure you will." Lady Lildonan then turned to tho gentle men. " Uncle Hugh, I know it is of no use to ask you to come to luncheon withont your . little one.' I am disappointed of my prey for to d iy at any rate. Dr. Armath waite," she held out her hand to him, " you told me la^t uight that you had not five minutes to spare iu Moreaide. As I see you have found some attraction sufficiently strong to make yon change your mind I still hope to see you at The Crags in a day or two." Armathwaite started, and stammered as he answered. For indeed Glasgow and his appointment there had been thrust out of his mind by the incidents of the night and morning. Thank you a hundred times," said he. " But at this very moment I ought to be on i my way'north. I was dotained by an acci dent, and then by tho kind hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. Crosmont. I was just going to ask for ti Bradehaw." Again his eyes felt impelled to meet those of Mrs. Orosmout, who said iu a soft voico : " Aud Dr. Peele ?" " You are going to see Dr. Peele ?" broke in Lady Kildouan, brightly. " Then I can do you a service after all. I am going to Brauksome now ; I will be able (o drive you to the doctor's. Now, no excuses ; I am in a benevolent mood this morning, and I ab solutely must oblige somebody, either with their will or against it-. Go and put on your ulster, and hey presto 1 we'll be gone, for I've kept my poor ponies waiting too long, and I can see that I've worn out Mr. Crosmont's patience." Armathwaite thanked her, made a cour teons speech tb his hostess, and wont into tho hall in search of his overcoat. A ser vant had taken it away on the preceding evening to shake tho snow off, aud as he looked for it among the coais which wore hanging on the stand, one of the maids, a dark-eyed, bright- looking girl called Agnes, oame rushing like a tornado down the pas sage to inform him that she would fetch it, and returned in a few moments, all smiles and friendly giggles, with the overcoat on her arm. Agnes was a coquette of renown, aud would always contrivo to be noticed by any man, high or low, who pleased her fancy. She helped liim on with his coat, aud teok the opportunity to compliment him on his couroge in sleeping in the haunted room. "Well, Nanny and I-Nanny is the other housemaid, sir-we said we wouldn't have slept in that room, no, not if it wore ever so !" This rather vague assertion was empha sized ah though it clinched tho question. " Why, you're not afraid of ghosts Burely 1" "Oh, well, I don't know but what I might snap my fingers at them in sny other house; but in this one sees such funny things some times that I'm sure it's enough to make anybody turn in his grave, or oven come out of it, to see the goings on 1" " Agnes, delighted to have a chance of pouring forth such chatter as could not fail, she felt, to bo interesting, was arranging his coat collar withgroatpains when another and shriller voice from the passage behind them made her start. Both she and Armathwaite turned, and found themselves confronted by Nanny, who was a tall and buxom blonde with a face like an overblown baby, and silky fair hair that curled in little natural tendrils round her pretty head. She held her arms a-kimbo, and her infantile features expressed much indignation. "For shame, Agnes," she said hotly, but in a subdued tone for her words to travel very little further than the person she was addressing, " to talk ill of your own mis tress, and she as kind a lady as over lived, and you a pretty one to talk, indeed! And a nice thing of you to be prating to strang ers, and you just the first person who might be caught tripping yourself one of these days. Aud not even knowing whether it mayn't be all right, which I'm sure it is, too, and no business of yours if it wasn't. Tolling tales on your own bread-and-butter, you serpent's tooth, you !" Poor Nanny's well-meant if rather am biguous eloquence had the one good effect of tnrniug her companion'? tongue from the dangerous Biibjoot; for Agnes, while ex pressing her scorn of the interuption with ejaculations of wounded pride, seemed really ashamed of herself, and withdrew without further gossip. But on the other hand it roused Armathwaite to a maddening' pitch of anxiety, for it strengthened his be lief that there was some mystery about the treatment of Mrs. Crosmont which, if he was to be of auy service to her, he must manage to solve. The two maids had scarcely disappeared, whispering, down the passage,when the drawing-room door opened, and the ladies came out, followed by Uncle Hugh, who accompanied Lady Kildonan to the ga'e, and helped her into the sleigh. Armathwaite got in beside hei', and noticed, as he did so, the figure and walk of the groom, who was a little slim lad of seven teen or eigl:teen. This inspection caused him to decide that, although it was Ned CroRmont who had been driving when the lady drop pal her haudkerchief on the pre ceding evening, it was this youug man who had taken his place when th<? sleigh stopped at old Pegay's cottnge. Lady Kildonan was clever enough to perceive tlio look of cari osity in ber companion's eyes. «You look as if you liad discovered a secret," sbe said, laughing, as she look the reins and tbo ponies began to descend tbo bill. " Doctors are men to bo trusted, we all know, so I don't mind confessing that if X havo to drive a long way after dusk, and want a more muscnlar protector than poor little Martin could prove in an emergency, 1 get Nud Crosmont to meet me at Peggy a cottage, and he borrows Martin's coa,t aud goes with me, vrbilo the lad toasts bis toes over a jug of beer till wo oomo back again. You see, in a place like this, all the neigh bours would bo agap if poor Nod were rec ognised driving me about, although wove been playfellows ever since wo wota mites iu the nursery." "But surely it's a great risk. It would be so much worse if wo were recognised iu in spito of everything." "No fear of clmt. I'm independent of any arm but my own as loug as daylight lasts, j and look at tho pace my little ponies go!" " Then that lad-how can you dare trast to his discretion ?" She turned ber head and made tbo young doctor meet ber eyes, which were sparkling with the serene consciousness of triumphant beauty. " How can I ? Ah, as you are not a woman, I'm afraid I cau't explain it to you." . There was somethiug that jarrea upou him in this bold avowal of her condescend ing to use the power of ber brilliant beauty to cajole a servaut into silence; but at the same moment that upward gaze through the golden-brown lashes of her eyes set the tide In his own blooJ running fast. You reallycouldn't bo hard on a woman for getting by a look the obedience that money wouldnt't buy. Sbe seomed to read a trace of disap proval in bis silence, and wheu she^ spoke again it was with some moving passion in ber voice. _ " It is so easy to be hard on a woman, and say she ought to be as open as tbo day in every little thing, and never deceive her husband about so much as the price of a scrap of ribbon ; aud of course it would bo much better aud pleasanter too if one could do like that. But if you are maried to a dear old Sobersides of a Scotchman-I dou't want to complaiu of him, for he's a very good, kind old thing as long as one keops off the bawbees, and doesn't touch upon religion, and likes an evening spent iu silent contemplation of the opposite wall why, you must find some vent to your pent up vitality, if it's only in taking a sleigh drive to the other end of the estate, with a poor dash of romance iu it in the shape of au old sweetheart disguised iu a coat that doesn't belong to him 1 There, there, now I've made my confession. Look grave over it if you like 1" If Armathwaite had not remembered the neglected wife who Bufifoivd by these escap ades, be could scarcely have folfc inclined to look graye at all, so piteous evem^ iu imagination was the picture of this beautiful, brilliant woman tied to a dry-aa-dust Scotch man thirty years her senior. But what on earth did sbe marry him for? Tho interest be naturally felt in this and kindred ques tions made him rather glad than otherwise wheu, after a drive of about half-an-hour, Lady Kildonan, pointing with her whip to a hariJ6ome modern, warm-looking, rod-brick house, built in the Tador_ style, standing half-way up a steep hill which they had just begun to asceud at a gallop, said .. "That, oh, stranger, is the piraLe's lair! By which I mean only that instead of taking you direct to Braukeome, I have brought yon round the lake to The Crags to lun cheon. And it i3 of no use to try to protest, beoause tho deed is done. Armathwaite didn't protest much ; bat he wondered where bis wits could have been for his suspicious not to have been aroused by the fact that they had cime through the outskirts of the village ofMero side and driven round the heid of the lako instead of along the eas; side of it, according to the direction given him at the hotel the night before. Just before tho sleigh reached tbe gates, an elderly woman came quickly out of the red-brick lodge, and throwing them wide open, stood smiling at the ap proach of ber mistress. Lady Ivildonau stopped and spoke to her in the moat win ning manner. .' Well, Mrs. Wheeler, and what has be come of Tommy ? We don't generally see yon at the gate on washing morning." " I wanted to ask, my lady, whether his lordship is any better to-day. Mrs. Flint says he'a been ailing for the last month, ever since that night.he was took so bad ; and that his eyes seem queerer than ever." Mrs.Wheeler was a sharp featured woman, with au upturned, inquisitive nose, intelli gent eyes, and quiet, pleasant manner. She looked her mistress straight in the face with a frank aud kindly smile as sbe spoke. Lady Kildonan answered her iu her usual bright voice, but with tbe least little touch of restiveuess' at the earnestuess of theso inquiries. "Oh, yes, he's all right, thank you. People who stay indoors as much as be does are always rather inclined to exagger ate their ailments, you know. As for his sight, of course it never has been very good, and sitting up reading half the night doesn't improve it. But he has made no complaints lately." " Complaints 1 No, he never would com plain if he were ever so bad, He's too afraid of worriting your ladyship. I'm glad to hear he's no worse, indeed, ray lady." And as her mistress wished her good morning and drove on, she shut the gates and retreated into tbe cottage. " I think that is such a disagreeable wo man," said Lady Kildonan with some ir ritation, as the sleigh wound round tho curves of the suow-covered drive, between wide white lawns dotted with guarled oaks and shaggy, black-fingered ceda£s. " She'B an old servant-of course yoa could guess that from her impertinence. _ I hate old servants. I would have pensioned^ ber off the premises loug ago; but Lord Kildonun, who has a sympathy for fossils, and who besides has a national aversion to pension ing anybody who still has an hour's work left in his old bone*, has installed her here." " She seem j a civil sort of body, and not so very old," suggested Armathwaite, who had been rather favourably impressed by the woman. " 01), civil in the ai<jre don.v mainior, yes. Sho Jo9sn't daro to tell mo straight to iuy face that I ought to sit in hoc! all day mak ing poulticos for my littsband-which ho'd be perfectly certain to eat iu a fit of absence of mind-or reading to him in language he don't understand, lilco Milton's daughters. Selfish old wretch Milton must have been : I feel gbidho only got five pounds for " Para dise lost 1" And I wonder, by tho by, wbothor Archibald would get five pounds for all the learned treatises he's always writing: I suppose there must bo somo other people in tho world who like their literaturo dry. If he'd only turn out to bo a genius one would not mind so much !" Sho didn't scorn to mind much now, for al ready sho was in high good humor again, laughing at the thought of tho sensation sho would croatc among the guests she had loft to amuso themselves tho whole morning without her, by hor reappearance " with - er-well," and she looked at him with a saucy, bewitching uplook of her child-like blue eyes, " with a very presentable hostago from tho savage tribes of the prairie." ' "Lord Kildonan doesn't quite shut you I up without any socioty, thou," said Arraath ' waite, who hadjmagined from hor represen tations that hor daring sleigh drives were tho only rosourcc from a perpetual tete-a tete. She burst into a ringing laugh as she an swered : ' Society I Oh, no, when I tell liim I | want society, ho sends out invitations to a bevy of assorted bores ; and when I say I am dying for lack of oxcitemont, ho goes ' over to Liverpool aud brings me back a baga telle board 1 Luckily ho took an old aunt of | mine aud the fixtures when-my marriago brought him to this house, and she's been a great success, cheap, never out of order, and a treasure who takes into her own hands all fie trouble of the i iio'.s whom my I hnsband invites as companions for ine. 1 Shall I describe thom to you or will yon wait to bo dazzled by their united effulgence without any preparations ?" " I would much rather hear your degcrip ! tion." " Well then, first comes Lady Greydon, with samples of bur marrigcable daughters, 1 two hideous girls, and a third who has by I some chancy missed tho family squint, and who is iu consequenco»to bo considered a beauty before wliom Venus jales. You must be very careful, for if you meet Lady Greydon in the hall before you have been introduced to her, you will certainly give I her your hat and ask her tho way to the drawing-room. Sho is extremely Low (Jimrob, and very particular, so that the I giils are mi-serable and silenS before hor, | an 1 in->u£f<;rably indiscrete ehattnrboxes as j soon as she goes out of the room. Th.in I there is Sydney Mason, wIjj was christ ened Samuel, but who slipped into a diffor | ent name and an effeminate manner as soon I as his father, who was a drysaller, or a bill siiclfer, or one of those things you begin with half a crown and end with half a mil i lion-dropped the outer skin of trade and developed the wings of the millionaire, that'u quite a poetical hit, isn't it. " Charming. If you were to re-write your husband's treaties with all that flow of popular imagery, there would be a great future for those works." *' I feel sure of it myself. Then there's a plain young man named Sooth, who is I said to be very clever »n I rather fast, though ho hasn't shown the cloven foot in either iustauce yet. But he can make lots of things out of an orangu, and I can't find out any reison for my husband's asking him here. 01 course he and Sydney profess to ' be in love with me ; perhaps my huscaud considers that excitement enough. You shall judge when you see them. Look I we ' are coming to wy favourite view." Instead of driving straight up to tho house, sbe.had takau a road |o tne right and made a tour ofthe park, brushing under boughs bent over with tho weight of the which sometimes discharged their load on | the occupants of tho sleigh : an accident which Lady Kildonan bore with undisturbed good-humour, on one occasion requesting | the doctor to take her handkerchief out of her coat-pockct and wipe the snow from her hat with it. He obeyed very j carefully, and she held bar face to him with perfect nonchalance. A little rivu | let of inelted snow was trickling down slow ly from her forehead. He wiped the pretty cheelc rather awkwardly, for she was so very beautiful, and yet was so straightforward and simple, that the ac I tion perturbed him, and made him stiff j and shy. Seen quite close, her skin, ' one of those thick white skins which appear | quite delicate and yet are the hardiest, affected by neither sun nor wind nor cold 1 to any unbecoming roughness, was bright j as satin and soft as velvet, while a cer tain languishing droop of the outer cor ! ners of her eyelids proved at close quar ters quite an intoxicating charm. But Lady Kildonan herself appeared to know j none of these things. She thanked him simply and briefly, and pointed with her j whip to a view which certainly merited her ecstatic praises. They were on ground higher than j the house, the tall red chimneys and ga ! bles of which rose to the left above the ' bare trees from which the bright sun was dislodging the snow in a glittering shower. On the right the hill still rose above them ; growing bare of trees towards the top, but picturesque and majestic in outline. Below them the ground slopes away, and gaps had been made in the plantation, so that peeps and stretches of the grey lake were visible, and the roofs and chimneys of Mereside on the opposite shore. In the flood of bright morning light Armath waite, who had keen eyesight, even fan cied that he could distinguish the square built, ivy- mantled housa which had been I the scene of his adventures during the night. He strained his eyes in the en | deavour to "be sure ofthis, and Lady Kildonan noticed the direction of them. "You can see Ned Crosmont's house from here;" she said, watching him. "What a pretty woman Mrs. Crosmont is, isn't she ?" " Ye-es, I suppose she is," "answered Armatliwaite, who was not naif enough to be led astray by a woman's praise into the enthusiasm over another woman's beauty. " And more interesting than pretty," " Yes, a little too interesting poor Ned has found her. I understand that some allowances must be made for the poor lit tie woman, as she comes of an eccentric family. But it is a pity she doesn't put her fancy and originality into novels or poems, or something of that sort, for a fanciful and original wife becomes rather trying sometimes. I am sorry for old Ned. I have always been fond of poor Ned," she continued frankly, turning to look into the young doctor's face with a smile. "If they had let me think I would have married him once. But Papa wouldn't hear of it. lie had great notions about rights and duties of property, and other things I didn't care a straw about, so he ferreted out a steady-going gentle man of his own age, who might be sup posed to look well after the family acres, and I was thrown in to close the contract. And so Ned married somehody else, and I'm dreadfully afraid he isn't happy, though to do him justice he never tells me scf." She told it very prettily, with just a note or a glance now and then, to suggest a deeper feeling of'sadness or regret than those betrayed by the words themselves. Armathvvaite was touched. No man could have listened to her, watched her, and not felt that it was au infamous thing that these dazzling charms of youth, beauty, and brightness should have been wasted on an avaricious and- insensible man too old to please, and too much ab sorbed in his books to value her. But she was too happy by nature to indulge in sentiment long. With-a flourish of her long whip and an encouraging word toher ponies she drove on again, and sweeping round the lower side of the park at a gallop, she pulled up before the door of the house in a very masterly style of coachmanship, flung the reins to the groom and sprang to the ground as lightly as a bird, almost before Armathwaite had time to hold out his hand to help her. " And now," she said, " for the euchan ted palace of fogeydom, and a peep into realms of dullness," Sheran up the steps with a laugh, and introduced him to the house with a deep curtsey. Armathwaite followed, full of interest and curiosity. TO BE CONTINUED. 