The £reat Cricket Match. Stray Thoughts. No. II. Melbourne, March G. [Br POINT. ] Whatever may be the issue of this great game, and at the moment of writing it trembles in the balance, the Englishmen have no reason to be ashamed of the part they have already played in the struggle. They went in against a heavy score, for 414 is a heavy score though it may not be a huge one, and actually got to within 29 of it. Three or four errors in the field gave them the odd 85 runs, but it is very seldom that a man makes 1201ike McLaren did without giving a chance or two. It is a oiroumstanoe that the great stand ot the Englishmen's innings was made by the oldest aud the youneest members o£ the team—Peel and McLaren. I doubt whether Bobby Peel in all his thirteen years' career ever played a more valuable innings, and it was the more weloome to him because his last four inning in the test matoheB realed 0—0 and 0—0. The genuine hardworking little Yorkshireman surely deserved a favourable turn of Fortune's wheel. He made his score when runs were wanted and when he wanted the runB. For once in a way George Giifen was not able to get him into his toils as quickly as usual. The way George tackles there lefthanders reminds one of the battles we read of between a cobra and a panther. The cobra winds itself round its victim, which after a few frantic efforts to escape gives up the ghost. This is often the way with Peel and Ford when they faoe George. The first ball at them begins the coiling process, very soon they do not know how to combat the pressure put upon them, and the end invariably comes with some weak stroke, as though the batsman were thoroughly inert. Anything more masterly than MoLaren's batting cannot well foe imagined. For orispness and neatness his etrokee, whether they were leg hits or wristy cover hits or finest of late cuts, were psrfeotiy executed. And he did not appear to the least advantage when cn Monday our champion bowler set a trap for him. With a man standing on the point at square leg, and another no further away at mid- on, and with another at ordinary midon, many an elder batsman might have forgiven if he had lost his head. McLaren, however, played every one of those accurately pitched balle with amazing coolness, and aotually got several of them past the jealously guarded points. When George Giifen sets this trap, the batsman, in his endeavour to avoid it, either lets go and is caught at longon or gently returns the drooping ball to^ the bowler. McLaren never . once tried a big hit, but twice he sent the ball back to George Giffen, and there he found the weak point in the lines which hemmed him in, for George had strangely slippery hands. While admiring the nerve and skill of the yonng batBman, for whem this trap was set, the bowler who tempted him into it must not be overlooked. 