Humour of Modern Advertising. 1 In the pleasing and subtle art of modern ad vertising brevity is moro often the soul of ambiguity than of wit. The advertisement sheet of the ordinary newspaper is, perhaps, the last place some folk would think of scanning in search of humour, but it is to be found there pretty fre quently, nevertheless, and the artless uncon sciousness of its most sparkling expressions renders it all the more piquant and delicious to its intelligent discoverer. The subjoined authentic examples will serve to substantiate the foregoing theory. A provincial journal is responsible for the following comprehensive 'ad.' : — 'Man seeks situation as bedstead, box, packing case, rough carpentry, or warehouse; 17 years' character.' This accommodating personage must bo one of ample ? dimensions, and as tough as a boarding-house steak to cheerfully fulfil such a startling variety of functions for soventeen years, and complacently ask for more. Such physical prowess compels our admiration. The Surrey Leader recently regaled its readers with the following hazy statement : — ' Young man, aged 20, wants situation in a gentleman's garden, where he can improve himself inBide and out; leaving through death and good character. State wages.' We can quite understand how death would compel this youth to vacate his former situa tion, but what a ' good character' had to do with it is rather puzzling. His ardent desire for improvement ' inside and out' casts some slight reflection upon his good character, but does him great credit. Perhaps his vague suggestion as to ' improvement' may have some remote connection with food and cloth ing. If really dead, however, he must yearn to roam tlio gentleman's garden in tho capa city of ghost, though he could hardly expect to draw wages for so doing. Tho next advertisement we quote possesses a bland and cruel veracity peculiar to itself. It appeared recently in a London ' daily,' nnrl no ? ? 'Wanted, competent person to undertake the sale of a new patent medicine. It will be found most r»rcStab!s to tho The italics are our own. Comment is super fluous. The humour may be gruesome, but it's there. A smart provincial periodical lately ventured to -publish the following : — 'For sale, a bull- terrier, two years old; will eat anything. Very fond of children.' There is a fearless and picturesque descrip tion of canine voracity, but it is not calculated to prove very alluring to the family man, who would scarcely care to avail him self of a house guard at such a cost. The anxiety of the advertiser to rid himself of such a brute is very reasonable under the cir stances. Its insatiable hunger for child-flesh may have instigated a few premature juvenile interments in his neighbourhood. We appre ciate the owner's wisdom, but decline to bid. Those blue-spectacled grumblers who are constantly croaking about the excessively high rentals of the metropolis are invited to to peruse the following ' ad.,' from a recent copy of the Echo : — ' Front parlour (furnished), bed-sitting-room 5 piano; suit two friends; Is a week; bicycle accommodation.' 1 Considering the advantages offered by the advertiser, no reasonable person can con scientiously affirm that the remuneration re quired is exorbitant. Any ' two friends,' o fn,\\. Jjucov-oav-u -« lUVUiLlD, W1UU U1LLU 1AJ' gether, and, for the sum of sixpence each per week, enjoy the comforts of these desirable ' diggings.' After such a munificent offer as the above, let no one assert that London lodgings, are expensive. One of the most respectable morning papers recently printed the following ambiguous advertisement relating to an hotel in Southern Europe : — juTeijr uiTiuzeu auvaubu^o xuuuu at buis norei* Lawn tennis, orchestra, French cooks, fresh eggs, milk, etc., supplied daily from the hotel farm.' Agriculture im Southern Europe must have reached a high pitch of perfection indeed, to enable it to produce such a startling variety of ' civilized advantages' — from orchestras and French cooks to lawn tennis and fresh eggs. Truly this is a wonderful state of things — though it sorely taxes our powers of belief. But the advertisement says that it is really so, therefore we must accept the state ment. But we yearn to behold that farm ?with our own eyes, nevertheless ! 