CURRENT NEWS. Tue only business at the Court of Petty sessions to-day it the hearing of the chargo of insulting behaviour against the two men who were arrested at the sports gttherint* on Friday- last, and who were admitted to bail. The old man who wis found on the Cressy nwwl on 31onday evening was brought before Mr. M'Crae.J.P.,yesterday morning, aud charged with drunkenness at the instance of Constable Qainu. He expressed his regret and promised not to "Send again if dealt leniently with, and as it was the first occasion upon which ho had j fallen into the hands of llio police, he was discharged. In the list of presents received by Mr. and Mrs. John Phelan oil the ooevsinu of their wedding, which was supplied to us la:;t week and which appearod in Satur day's issue, the following were omitted : —Mrs. Phelan, suite of furniture; Miss I'helau, mirror ; Sir. C. Phelan, chest of drawers ; Mr. L. Phelan, cariwt ; Mrs. Cameron, Buiiinyong, washing coppor; Mrs. Crowe, Koroit, handsome wall or nament ; Miss A. Xeylon, dressing jacket. ALTnorotl when interviewed by the re spective deputations in regard to sever ance the Minister of Public Works de cided upon constituting a new Shire of territory embraced in tho county of Hey tesbury, there is a strong disposition on the [wrt of those residing in the northern parishes of the proposed shire not to allow themselves to be included without another etfort. It is thought that an over whelming majority of the ratepayers ie~ sidiiig in tho parishes mentioned are in favour of remaining with the Shire of Ham]>dcii, and it is stated that the Minis ter has been written to as to the steps ne cecaary to give effect to their wishes. No reply has yet been received, but the whole matter will probably he discussed at a meeting of the Anti-Severance League to be held on Saturday afternoon next when any further action intended will be initiated. If uotbing be dona in this direction the ratepayers of the parishes in question express their deter mination to vote) solidly for representa tives from amongst themselves at the Council labia, » aa U. ensure that the rates, of which tbay will pay the greater portion, will Iw spent where they are raised. Tail following are the truckings from the railway station:—Tuesday—l truck potatoes from F. Lovett to Glaufonl, Cook «t Co., Melbourne; 2 tons skins, Permewan, Wright * Co. to Denny*, Lsseellas, Austin * Co., Melbourne. Wednesday—2 Uhjs butter from Camper down Butter Factory to C. W. Gray el- Co., Melbourne; 1 ton cheese from Permewan Wright aad Co. to Melbourne office; 1 truck calves, various owners, to Ettawshank, gsfjaatcm 4 Mann, Msi boara*. With a view to furthering the work of the National Lilielal League, Mr. Win. Scott, tho secretary, mi Monday paid a visit to Toning, where ho was j.iined by the president, Mr. Stuart Reid. They met a number of gentlemen who were in' sympathy with tho objects of tho league, and an inspection was made of the electoral rolls. A list Has prepared of over 30 gentlemen whose names were not oq tho roll, and post cards were for warded to them asking them to register their names before the Ist June. Mr. Scott then proceeded to Mortlike where on Tuesday he met a number .if the local residents, with whom the rolls were in , spected and a list prepared of eligible electors whoso names were not on. These were communicated with yesterday and requested to register without delay. Tiieuk was only a small attendance at the Mechanics' Hall on Tuesday evening to witness the performance of Crawford and Stowo's "World of Novelties." In the first part of the entertainment the members of tho company formed a circle, with Messrs. Crawford and Stowu as corner men. A number of vocal items were rendered in a way that elicited tho approval of the audience, and wero inter spersed with the humon.ua pleasantries from the comers. The second |>art of the .programme was of the usual variety character, and tho performance was brought to a closo by a farce entitled "The Ghost in the Pawnshop," which created roars.of laughter. ...'■ * TnE first of the series of charity enter tainments promoted by Mr. .Backhouse,' during tho winter evenings, takes place in the Temperance Hall this- evening. The lecturette, which will be delivered by Mr. Backhouse, is entitled "A Half-hour's Ghat on Roman Story," aud it will bo fol lowed by an entertaining musical pro gramme. As tho proceeds will bo devo ted to the local Ladies' Charitable Fund there should bo a good attendance. Two little episodes in connection with a recent hunt at Honsteigh Park, 'near Hamilton, are told by "Sound "-in the " Spectator "as follows :—'.' A somewhat nasty fall was experienced by Mr. .Tarrett. If it were simply a nasty" fall, .it would scarcely be worth mentioning, as " nasty falls" are not so very uncommon, but it was what afterwards happened tliat was amusing. Mr. J arret persevered, not only in that run but in another that after wards took place,, and successfully cleared every obstacle. Subsequently, when askel how" he had enjoyed the runs, he was puzzled - and. in fact.f declared he knew nothing at all of what bad occurred, neither about the fall or the long 'gallops that followed. Auotherepisode furnished considerable, I do not Bay pleasurablo, ex citement to Mr. Moynan, who, accom panied by Mr. E. Thnrnley, and driving a pair of spirited horses, was returning from a professional visit to one of the distant parts of the Shire, when he fell in with the hunt, and consented to allow the dead carcase of the fox to be tied to the back axle of his buggy, in order to pre serve the skin. Unfortunately the tying was not so securely done as it might have beeri, and one end of the carcase dropping dragged along the ground and across tho aniseed trail.- Quickly, the hounds on arriving at this point of contact detected tho real from tho spurious bait and with a joyful burst of music, scampered off after the buggy that by this time, fortu tiately, had gone a good distance. Look ing back, Mr. Moynan perceived that the pack wasjn full cry after him, guessed at the caose, and in less time than it takes to write about it had "severed the con nection," and driven on out of danger. Had he not done so and the hounds had attacked the fox under tho buggy, no driver would have' been able to bold that tiair of horses in. 1 believe it is not my friend's intention to allow his buggy to be so utilised in the future." , <• The attention of ratepayers is again directed to tho Shire notice requesting payment of outstanding general rates to qualify ratepayer.* for tho voters' lists. Tho rate collector, Mr. J. B. Phillips, will be in attendance at the Shire Office from tho 3rd to 10th of June for tho pur pose of receiving rates. As the Parlia mentary rolls are compiled from the votera' lists, Mr. Phillips desires any changes of ownership or occupancy to bo notified to him without delay, in order that tho new lists may be made as accu rate as possible. It -is the intention of the committee of the Polwarth and South Grctirille Agri cultural and Pastoral Society to include in their programme of the show to be held on the 14th of November next, at Colac, valuable prizes for the best collec tion of Beech iorext wood blocks, half polished and half in natural state, fancy pieces and walking sticks fully polished, to bo judged by one of the leading timber experts in Victoria. The Hon. J. H. Connor has otfered a s;>ecial prize of £2 2s to supplement tho second prize, and I several other gentlemen (&*ys tho "Re former") have promised to assist in mak ing the prizes worthy of competition. The insolvency of James Pekin of Cam- perdown, farmer, was yesterday filed at Colac. The causes, of insolvency are set down as failure of crops and pressure of creditors. The liabilities are £115 9s 6d and the assets, £11 10s leaving a deficiency of £103 9s 6d. The assignee is Mr. J. C. Johnstone and the solicitor for the insolvent Mr. T. W. Hancock. In the course of the examination of Mr. Win. Luplau before the Banking Commission on Tuesday, that gentleman gave some interesting information in re gard to dairying in Denmark, of which country he is a native. After referring to the banking system of the country Mr. Luplau stated that money needed fir plant or inachinery,HUch as is required for creameries.was borrowed from tho savings hanks at from 3J to 4i per cent. Cream eries were erected by "companies in whw-h every shareholder had to be the owner of at least one cow, the ruling principle be ing "one cow one share." In ISSt-85 tho fanners tried to establish creameries on the Victorian plan, but soon found it necessary to revert to their former system. Their experience wvs that the milk should lie within the factory oue hour after it was drawn from tho cow, aud the carting of it long distances, as in this colony, was utterly condemned. In Denmark 150,000 families milked 900,000 cows por annum. A farm there could not l>e let for a shorter term than 50 years. It was nut until IfeViO, when a text book giving agricultural and scientific knowledge was sown broad cast among the people, that the Danish export trade in butter was made a success. Tho exports jumped from £1,000,000 worth in 1800 to between £5,000,009 and £0.000,000 in later years. Denmark was about a sixth of the size of Victoria, and 80 per ceut. of it waa under cultivation. Che land there was worth on the average £30 an acre, and there wero very few large Landed proprietora. The average rate of wages for agricultural labor waa £30 per annum, with board and lodgings. Ik the last issue of the "Government Gaaette," it is uotitWd that the lease of Chadotte Gsrvie for 43 acres in the parish of Couriejong, has been transferred to Percy Spargo, of Tandarook, and that ths application of Luke Nelson far a lease of 33 acres in the parish of Timboon has been (ranted. A cleasmo sale of cattle will be con ducted at Hamilton, by Mean. R. SUpyltoo Brae at Co., on Thursday, 6th June, the day following ths opening meeting of the Hamilton Hunt Club. About 1188 head are already listed for the sale, aud include a number of good tinea. details of which appear iv another column. Mb. M. Brennan, Noorat, invites ten am for cktviiaf and Urning off hUstt ttobar in a paaUock at Marida Yallock. TnE Caruperdowu Football Club is now about to commence tho work of the season and the members and intending members are «ic-ire«l t.. t'irn up to practice. The first match of the season will Iw played on Saturday week, when the CoWcn Club will visit Camperdowii. Messrs. T. P. nnd E. Slanifold have each donated £1 to tho club. At Mr. John Thornton's sale at the yards on Saturday next the cattle offered will include fat bullocks, Rpringinglioifers and cows, ami youn; cattle. A line of fat merino wethers will also 1)0 forward, in addition to pigs and sundries. Sir Henry Parkes celebrated his' Both birthday on Monday. It costs 89 per cent of the Samoan revenue to collect it. There aro upwards of 200 Hindoos in the Lisuiore district of New South Wales. The last consignment of frozen hares from Melbourne are selling at 2s each in London. The Mercantile Bank, which is in liqui dation, has up to the present paid 5s lOd in tho pound. The S.iuioarw are settling their land disputes by battle instead of going to the Supreme Court. The collections for the Melbourne Hospital last"week— self-denial week- amounted to £2503 2s 2jd. The TFull Court of New South Walesde rided'una'n'imously. that payment of mem bers in that colonywas legal. Xionl Roseberry is toattend the compli mentary dinner to bo given to Lord Hopc toun by.the citixena of Edinburgh. . .Mr, Moretoii Frewenhas been lecturing on bi- nietnllixm in Broken Hill, where a Bi-metallic League has been formed. - The report tliat an exploring expedition had. succeeded in reaching the North Pole has turned out to have been a hoax. The directors of tho John Woods Lead Company, Stawell, have declared a third dividend of Is per share, or £1250 in the aggregate. Several holdings around Dal by, Queens land, have bad to be abandoned owing to tho large increase in the number of walla bies in the district. The sugar planters in the northern dis tricts of New South Wales threaten that if the sugar duty is abolished they will petition for separation. The controversy between Judge Moles worth and the Cabinet is getting warm. His Honour has been called upon for another explanation. A Sydney, naturalist has discovered that the Fortoscue fish found in the har bor has several sets of poison fangs almost j identical with those of venomous ser- : pents.. ! After next month each householder in Samoa will be obliged under heavy penalty to hang up four buckets and an axe in a conspicuous part of his building f.ir use in case of 6 re. " Edward H. Martin, who was arrested at the instance of the Abrahams Bros, on a charge of blackmailing, his initiated an action against them for £1000 damages for false imprisonment. In Madagascar a dissatisfied husband has only to irive his wife a piece of money aud say,. "Madam, I thank you," and acording to the laws of Madagascar, he is divorced straight away^ Three youths at Bendigo have been committed for trial on a charge of stealing 24 cattle from a farmer. There are a number of other charges of the same kind to be brought against them. The Rev., Dr. Joseph Parker, the eminent .congregational preacher, de livered a sermon on Sunday in which ho urged England to go to war with' Turkey over, the Armenian atrocities. A family at Ballaii aent 180 pairs of trapped rabbits to market, and when the sales were made the consignors received 24 two-penny stamps as the net result This was equal to Old per pair. A petitioner in a divorce case in Sydney alleged that her husband used to interrupt tho reading i J the Bible at family prayers in order to call her vile tunics aud threaten her with corporal punishment The Suproiuo Court of the United States has dismissed the appeal for the release of Debs and other strike leaders sentenced to terms of imprisonment in connection, with the recent great railway strike. ■" v ,""'.■■''•".- :■•' . Thus." Jeffrey, a retired grocer, who was staying at the Sir Walter' Scott Hotel in Melbourne, whilo-intoxicated tried to swallow a piece of corned beef 2 inches square. The meat stack in his throat aud be was choked. The three men—Alex. Lumsden, junr., T. Rowan, and W. Pulham—caught net ting in the H .pkiaa wero each fined £5, with £1 Is. costs. They were also each fined £1, with 7s. costs, for having fish under 4oz. in weight in their possession. A bootmaker named Thomvs Cocking, who was on a spree, went to sleep on tho Murchison railway bridge. Tho driver of tho Rushworth train noticed tho man, but could not pull up until tho greater part of tho train had iias-sud over him. When the train was st.pi M.-d it was fnuud that he had escaped with only a slight scratch on the lock. Mr. E. 11. Lascelles has offered to form a company to construct a line of railway from Birchip to Miuanro, tho Government to have the right to take it over at tho original cost in fire years time. Tho rise in wheat ho thinks, has altered the pros pects of the mallee, and he exjiects that a much larger area will be put under eulti- ' vation. The Standing Committee of Railways recommends in its report that the districts lieliefited by the construction of a new railway should not only be rated to pay for tlio land required for the line, hut also to make good annually, should any defi ciency occur, tho amount required to pay the working expenses and interest on the cost of construction of such railway. An allegation that councillors were in terested in some of the contracts let by tho Gevloug West Town Council, pro voked a stormy sceno at a meeting of that body on Tuesday evening Tho council, with the exception of the two members said to have aorked on contracts, was formed into a committoo to investigate the charges. 