SQUIBS AND CRACKERS. (Br " The Rocket.") Rumors of tremendously exciting libel lawsuits, not unconnected with certain rooent alleged untruthful newspaper sen sations, have reached me. In fact, they have been reaching me every time I strolled round town for the last month. I am only a poor weak creature like the rost, and cannot help asking "why don't it come off P" Times are dull, dorn dull, in the newspaper line, and will be until Parlia ment opens, and wo could have done with a few writs for a million or 60. Somo of tho wealthy dailioB, tho Ghost, for instance, could afford a big action, and we miserable scribos might make a bit out of the details. But the whole concern is a lamontablo failure. Tho libel is advertised as a lie, the horsowhippings do not come off, and tho writs (oil, the writs !) still hang fire. By the way, liorBowhipping is a game that two can alwayR play at. An editor is a fool who allows himself to be boaten when his assailant has legal remedies at his dis posal. I hnve dono a little " dangerous " . editing myself, and, like one or two other colonial scribes, I hnve an awkward habit of keeping company with " something loaded." How would ono of theso offended and offensive vindicators of per sonal Press wrongs look in the prosence of a revolver ? Yet every pressman has a right to protect his person from physical injury, and if in so doing ho were to drill a hole throngh an attempting hoise- whippor — who could liavo gone to law — would n reasonable jury convict him ? Personally I would prefer to take tho chances of a cowhide manipulated by an amnteur than the chances of a lawsuit . manipulated by a clever barrrister; but all newspaper mon don't feel that way. , Many of them are physically weak and nervous. Apart from that, I hold tlmt no citizen, no mattor how rich, should be allowed to beat another because that other —perhaps through a mistaken idea of duty — happens to havo offended him. mo The numbor of coses of "malpraetico" which have recently come to light discloses a state of things that tho " good" pooplo ought to look into. Victims of tho abortionist's unlawful art are culled from the ranks of the respectably married as well as from the list of tho " unfortuuate." It indicates a growing dislike on tho part of our women to bocomo mothers- This dis like, taking everything into consideration, is a bit too unnatural to last. It has no doubt been bred and fostered by tho same evil genius that induces modern women to form themselves into organised bands of political bushrangers for tho purpose of forcibly wresting tho franchise from tho Legislature. « « Tho timo-paymont systoui fills me right np to the chin with admiration and wonder. The extension of this system until it overflows nearly every department in our daily lifo has been gradually accom plished. You can now buy almost any thing for a small doposit. The latest com modity included in the list is false teeth. So if /our grinders give out and you aro reduced to the lamentable necessity of chewing with your gums — which were meant for kindlier uses — you can go to the time-payment dontist and order a full sot, paying a cash deposit of say half-o-sov. down and taking the rest out at so much a week. "What would happen in the event of yonr failing in yonr weekly payments I am at a loss to imagine. If the dentist wanted to seizo yonr teeth on a writ of ca sa or something, I suppose he would have to spy his opportunity and sneak away with them whilo you were asleep. He could tako them out of the. bedroom tumbler and bo within the law ; but it is questionable how Chief Justice Darloy or one of his brother judges would look at the case if he were to try and forcibly | prize them out of your mouth while you were at the theatre, or in the street, or at a reception at Government House or some where. He might put tho bailiff in the . house, and then again he mightn't bo any bettor off by that course of action.. On tho . whole, I guess it is better to take legal . advice bofore getting a set of artificial molars on time payment. « 9 A Melbourne judgo 1ms refused to ira- . prison a man for debt. It happened thnt the debt was not costs of Court, or olse it might, havo boen otborwiso with tiie . offender. Occasionally a New South Wales , justice declines to jug a man for debt; very occasionally, though, and then only . some justices. At tho present time there are in Darlinghurst Gaol between 60 and 70 . men whom somo intelligent, humapp, and extraordinarily wise beak lias pat . there because they have been guilty of . having no money to meet maintenance orders made by magistrates in favor of tho jugged ones wives. For years the cruelty , and injustice of-this law has been pointed out, without avail. When B. E. O'Connor was Minister for Justice, ho promised, under pressure, to have the law amended, 'but since then nothing has been dono, and every week some wanton or foolish , or epiteful woman gets a man sent to gaol as a common felon, because he happens to be. ill or out of work. All in the name of Justice! Justice? Bah! 