WESLEYAN. To. an overflowing congregation in the Wesleyan Church last night, tho Rev. R. Dyson delivered a sermon entitled, ' Lessons from tho Life of the lata Governor, Tho servjeo was oharaoteriscd by earnestness, and tho pulpit was eu- | tirely draped in black. At tho conclusion of the sermon, the, choir aud orchestra gave a most impresBivo rendering of ' The Dead March in Saul,' and when the sorvice ended, the whole congrega tion sang a verse of tho ' Nationol Anthem.' The Rev. Mr. Dyson chose as his text Job, Chap. 14, Verse 10: 'But man dieth and wasteth away ; yea, man givoth up tho Ghost and where is he 7 The preaoher said two great facts were everywhere apparent — life and death. Nature presented to us these two solemn facts. W herever we turned we saw life, In the grass, the trees and the flowers, and death in the past remained in what was once living creatures. Man was no exception to this law, which seemed to run through all nature. From time immemorial not one man out of the long reign of kings, emperors and governors had ever escaped death, which levelled all distinctions, recognised no differences, and placed peer and peasant upon the same equality. Could they learn any lessons from the life of tho illustrious governor whose career had bo suddenly closed 7 Although we lived in a country whose history was only in the course ef making, we should not forget that wo inherited tho traditions of that great Empire from which we sprang, and though we might severfroin her we could not break the bonds that joined us to her heroic past, as the future greatness of this country would owe everything to the men who made England great. Proceeding, the preacher said the death of the late Governor had caused widespread sorrow. The late Sir Robert Duff bad not been a genius ; hence, the lessons to be drawn from fiis life would be more valu able to ordinary men and women. His had been a busy life, and he had always been faithful in the discharge of duty. The preacher gave a history of the late Governor's career, from his earliest days to his appointment as Governor of New South Wales, and gave several instances ot nis industry and patriotism. .tie nad been no time server or man pleaser, but had adhered to his convictions on all occasions ; and amongst other evidences of his steadfast adherence to principle was his refusal to sanction the appoint ments to the Legislative Council, of the ex-Premier. Principle might not com manded popularity, but it commanded respect. The need of our country at the present time was men of principle who would not barter their consciences for money, placo and power ; a man like the late Governor who spent .his life in the interest of his country and died at his post. The tenure of office had been too short to secure him a hold upon the people, but the enconiums of the press and public men showed the high regard in which he bad been held by his inti mate acquainances, and would lead us to believe he had been a devout man. The excellences of his character, and bis faithful discharge of duty had se cured for him an earthly immor tality, and in the centuries to come when the history of Australia was writton the name of Sir Robert Duff would live in the annals of New South Wales as one who had nobly fulfilled his position of Governor of this colony. His death warned us that death was no respecter of persons ; and the preacher solemnly asked his congre gation, were they spending their-lives in the trust of tho Lord Jesus Christ, so to be prepared for that great end when it came. Sir Robert Duff's death had discovered that. It was mourned by all ranks and conditions of men ; and sympa thy from all classes of the community was expressed for Lady Duff, who had borne her bereavement with admirable fortitude. In conclusion, the preacher dwelt on the fact that though all other great monarchs must die, the King of Kings and Lord of Lords would live for ever in the great Kingdom that was for ever extending its mighty influence, and whose name would stand for ever, as a changeless name of love. 