THE PIRATE TEN t A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. Br W. CLARK BUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Frozen Pirate,' 'The Death Ship/' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' && Published by special arrangement with the author. . All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVIL— (Continued.) The commander stood beside the body ol Trollope gazing down at the dead face. He lay sideways. The wound was hidden, and Boldock Baw a handsome gentleman lying in death. ,He lay a very fine figure of a map, and Boldock thought that he at some time in. his life had met him. ' I may recall you some of these days,' mused the commander with the velocity of thought standing for a minute beside the body. 'That you were a gentle man is certain, no doubt an officer iu the army. A base end, an ignoble end ! What did you dp with those qualities with which you might have made a respectable, even a shining figure upon this brief stage? God forgive us all. Why did the Dane kill this man ?' He lifted his wide straw hat to wipe the sweat from his streaming face, then turned from the body, calling to a couple of hands to carry it to a foremost cuddy cabin. Trivett came up to him. 'A sharp business,' said tho commander, ' and far bloodier than I wanted.' ' It couldn't be helped, sir.' 'No. They fought like true children of Satan.' 'Like Englishmen, sir,' said Trivett 'Get buckets and swabs for these decks,' the commander shouted. 'Been hurt, Trivett V' ' Bit of a thump over the back of the head, . sir ; nothing to talk of.' 'We have three men wounded,' said the. commander. 'One man's badly hurt in tho mouth. The mate of this barque will report other injuries. I believe we have come off pretty lightly. The rogues were liandsomely armed, but shot wildly or their. first discharge should have dropped more than three of us. Is Miss Mansel on deck ?J ' She's right aft near the wheel, sir.' 'The fellows are in irons?' ' They are, sir.' 'Well, get the decks washed down, Trivett, and — stay.'' lie rushed to the side and looked ? over. 'Just bo !' he shouted, ' Trivett, we must get that longboat aboard. Keep all shaking aloft till the boat has been fetched and stowed.' He then went on to the poop. The little combat had been fierce and long, long at least for numbers so unequal The sun was high, the wind small, the sea floated before the faint northerly wind in a breast of shivering satin down to where the dim pearly square of the brig's canvas took the eye. The barque had been held to the wind during the struggle, and . the longboat lay about a quarter of a mile dis tant on her quarter. Miss Mansel stood beside the wheel watching her. When Bol- . dock approached* she turned and seeing him, ran to meet him. ' Are you hurt f she cried. ' Not tp.the extent of a hair of my head, my dear,1? he answered. 1 j ' How the wretches fired ! It was a perfect 6torm of shooting. I listened in the cuddy shivering. If oneball had hit you. . .' ,! ' It is pleasant to be thought of in this way. It is a novel sensation to me. There's beea nobody to think of ine, fair or foul, since my mother died.' ' That's altered,' said Miss Mansel. She was about to ask after the prisoners; some men -came along to enter the quarter boat which lay floating iu the water alongside and interrupted her. One was Harry the Dane. He looked with a Beared though brilliant gaze at the commander and tumbled quickly into the mizzen chains before the read Boldock did not address him. He called to one of the others. ' Any of you men injured ?' 'None of us here, sir. There's a man dead in the f ok'ele. ' Ha !' groaned Boldock. The seamen dropped over the side. ' It was that scoundrel Dane who killed your friend Trollope, Margaret' ' ' Ib Trollope dead f she exclaimed. 'Killed by a dirty little mutinous foreigner in absolute disobedience to my orders. I wilj see how he is to be punished for it. I doubb if there is any law that under the circum* stances will enable me to get at the BCOundreW 'Captain Trollope dead !', murmured th» , girl, 'Are others of them killed t' ft? 'All unhurt in iron3 in tbe steerage.' * They Btood watching the men bringing the longboat to the ship, and they talked of the; light, and Miss Mansel :asked the commander if he saw the look on Caldwell's face when he wkwher? ; ? 'It was not a favorable moment for ouser-. vatiori,' said the commander. ' I tripped him on a sudden rather easilv, I thought, and fell with him and on him. He carries the aspect of a wicked character. The handkerchief con victs him as one of them. I should like to know who was the other.' ' It is like a dream,' said the girl. Yet I could swear that the other was Mr. Davehire.' ? Mr. Matthews rose upon the ladder and came in his slow walk along the poop. He looked pale and hollow as though just out of a hospital. 'Sorry to say there's a hand dead in the fok'sle, and the others seem in a bad way. I've done what I could for them.' 'The villains should have surrendered and saved this loss of life,' cried the commander, stamping his foot. ' As Icaiue along,' continued Mr. Matthews, *- your bo'sun told me that one of the pri soners had gone mad. I put my head over the hatch to listen and heard the voice of Mr. Caldwell shouting. It mainly concerned you, Miss Mansel. 'You, and the man Masters. D'ye remember him ? The worm-eaten, rather good-looking chap, that was believed to have lost his heart to you.' ' I'd rather not hear such things,' said the commander stiffly, whilst Miss MansePs cheeks began to glow. ' What is that dreadful Caldweil saying ?' said the girl. ' Oh, he was shouting and shouting, and all I could collect was — but he swears so — 'I never would have shot you, you wretched idiot, -if I'd known she was alive. Why in the name of brimstone did you challenge me for a dead woman, as you thought her? There's Da venire here will tell you we did it in the interest of -£he gang, for your sake, you—' hero he began to shout and rave again, but it was all to the same effect. He's gone mad and is talking to the ghost of Mr. Masters, and I never heard the others speak a word.' 'Caldwell's assistant then Was the giant!' said the commander. 'I have all along said it,' exclaimed Miss Mansel, and she appeared to watch the pro ceedings of the two boats. 'What's our programme now, sir?' said Mr. Matthews with a slow gaze of fatigue and „ horror at the distant brig. ' Up helm for that craft there as soon as ever you like,' answered the commander, ' and a straight course for the island, where I hops we shall find the gold. Refresh your self first, pray, and Mr. Matthews, let the hands have a bumper all round. Get that boat stowed as Smartly as the men are able to do it ; and Margaret, come below, my dear, and help me to find the materials for a glass of grog.' Postscript. The story of the issue of this daring and long memorable enterprise may be entrusted to Miss Mansel, who sent a copious account of the whole of tiie transactions on board the ships ' Queen' and ' Wellesley' to her aunt, Miss Julia Home, Richmond, Surrey. Dating frpm Sydney, N.S.W., after six sheets of close writing she proceeds thus : — 'When this dreadful fight was ended, Robert, who was kindly permitted by Mr. Matthews to remain in command of the barque until the island was reached, ordered the vessel to be steered for the brig, which was still in sight like a little piece of paper at the end of the sea. Sail was made (I cannot help express ing myself in the language of nautical men) and we very soon overtook her. We then sailed in company through the night. 'Robert did not at all like the idea of ieaving the ' Queen' (meaning me) for the brig, but he had ultimately to shift his quarters, for duty is duty at sea, aud I would not consent to live in a stuffy little cabin when I had got a beautiful airy bedroom and a large drawing and dining room and noble esplanade, as it might be, all to myself. He is an honest dear fellow, but when I get to know him more in timately I shall entreat him never to talk to jne in the language of love. You cannot be lieve what a ragout his face makes of senti ment. Indeed he is no beauty, but he is a gentleman and a man of courage and piety and a sailor, and I would not exchange him for the handsomest man in the army. Besides I cannot forget that I am a beggarly governess without any prospects here or at home, and I do think myself wonderfully lucky and greatly obliged to the villains 'who would have drowned me. 'Though Mr. Caldwell ceased to make a noise there could be no doubt he had gone out of his mind. Robert went down into the steerage, which in our ship was a little com ' partment under the cuddy deck where there happened to be no wool ; you gained it by a manhole' and a short up-and-down ladder; he descended into this steerage, where the prisoners lay helpless in irons. They had been regaled, however, with beef and beer.- In: deed the rascals wanted refreshments. They had spent the night in an open boat and they bad been fighting like demons, as Robert would say— why do'demons fight 5 He tried to coax some intelligence about the gold out of them, and they in return sought tobribe him. . ' ' Give us' that longboat and our liberty,' said the giant Davenire. 'Give us meat and drink for a fortnight, give us a chance in short to escape the horrors to which I sup pose you mean to carry us, and I swear by my hearts blood to tell you where the gold is, and you shall be deceived, bo help me God, in nothing.' 'Such a proposal, of course, could not be listened to. Robert, looking at him in his stern way — and he can look very terrifying, I assure you, when vexed by his men, or when things go wrong— said— . ,,.- ? ... ' ' 'You are .one, of the persons who tried to murder Miss Mansel. There sits the other .man,' said he, pointing to Caldwell, who was squatting in a dark, corner, scarcely visible, sometimes mumbling and sometimes chuckling, but clearly giving no heed, to Tyhat was passing. 'God has visited' him, jmd his punishment is hard enough. The young lady whom you gagged and threw overboard has consented to be my wife, and I shall not lose sight of you when we get ashore, Mr. Davenire.' ' * The huge man made no reply,' Robert said. The rest kept silence and Robert came ftway. . i ' We were off the island early next morning. . When I awoke and came on deck I beheld a beautiful scone of bright green land, most sweet and refreshing to the sight after long 'days of blue-.water. It lay out upon what is called the port beam. Soon afterwards both vessels anchored. Robert from the poop of the Queen incessantly viewed the land through a glass, but toldnie he could see no sign of the men. ? ? ''Depend upon it,' said he, 'they are in hiding. The boat left the island yesterday on a piratical cruise; that is, with the idea, since they had lost the barque, of falling in with a small vessel suitable to their purpose, seizing her, and sending her people adrift. lA)ok how well they are armed. ? : ' I suggested that if the three men were not on the island they might have been killed in quarrels. ''We shall soon find that out,' he ex claimed. 'Before he went ashore he entered the steerage to exhort the prisoners to tell him where the gold was hidden ; he said that a con fession would be of great use to them, whilst their silence could simply signify nothing but the inconvenience of detention, for he was de termined not to leave the island without the nuggets. 'Davenire asked if the island was in sight, and being answered enquired if the comniander had been ashore. This was all he said. He grinned fiercely at the others, Robert told me, who were as dumb an dogs. Quite as likely as not that wretch of a giant was hoping and thinking that the nuggets would not be found, that something would befall to free him, so that he could return to the island in due course properly equipped, and possess himself of the whole of the gold. Surely he or the others would have confessed the hiding-place but for some such wild dream. 'Caldwell had been taken out of the steerage and put into the cabin into which Trollope's body was conveyed. I think I told you that the remains of that miserable man were buried in the evening. Oaldwell was now gloomily and dangerously mad, and needed a sentinel with a truncheon. He was safe enough, however, with irons on his feet and handcuffs on his hands, and in this dreadful degrading condition Robert told me he lay in a bunk cursing his watchman, blab bing secrets of horror and blood, and grimacing with the face of Satan at the upper deck. 'Well, very soon after the ships were anchored the longboat — that historic longboat — was lowered into the water and eight men and Robert entered her. I confess I cried when Robert went I knew there were but three men — if three — if any. Yet supposing three, they had the means of lulling, without pausing to reload their weapons, eighteen people. There went but nine, and my heart sank and my tears flowed when I thought that Robert might be shot. 'The south side of the island had been exactly described by the Dane. A curve of land formed a small harbor. I noticed a fine stretch of white sand which ludicrously enough painted a visio n of Ramsgate, and I daresay the humors of that town were not unrepre sented in that island if Mr. Burns was one of the gentlemen who were ashore, for besides being continuously under the influence of bottled beer he was a person of vulgar but very sprightly wit. 'The boat went ashore at eleven o'clock in the morning. It was very fine weather. Indeed we Were most fortunate in this respect throughout. The ships lay with their topsails beating in pulsesof light and shade as they lightly rolled upon the smooth undulations. Many birds glanced like showers of broken glass over the island and some drew near on arched wings with coarse shrieks. They were evidently not used to being disturbed by visitors. William was in the longboat. Robert had refused the services of Harry, pronouncing him a con temptible little murderer, unfit to oppose men in a fair fight. '1 watched the boat through an opera glass as she grounded upon the beach and two men were left in charge of her. This reduced the strength of the commander's little company, but of course it was necessary that the boat should be watched. Likewise there was the chance of her being seized by the three men rushing down upon her. But that was a risk not to be Beriously apprehended. What use could they make of her? The brig's boat would fetch Robert and his party, who would immediately give chase to the robbers. - I should add that the boat was without niast or sail, for these things the commander did not require to go ashore with. 'Well, I watched Robert and his six men march along the white sand. Robert trudged with a cutlass in his grasp. The others were armed with the like weapons as well as muskets and pistols, and they entered a little valley, or, as I might say, a sort of hollow in the wood, that was very thick upon this part of the island, and disappeared. 'Then for two hours we could get no news either by eye or ear. Impatience became a torment. I longed and yet dreaded to hear the crackling of firearms that I might know matters had been brought to a head. At about 1 o'clock, feeling a little faint, I went into the cuddy to get some wine and cake. When I got back to the poop I saw a dark line on the beach, and when I looked through the glass I counted a procession of ten men. My heart beat bo hard that I could scarcely see. How ever, I was not mistaken. I looked again. They were ten men, and I distinguished Robert, but not the test, as they trudged to the boat. = ' Forgetting myself I shrieked in my excite ment to Mr. .Matthews, who was busy with some shipboard work— ' ' They have got the men.' ''Then,' says he, 'They'll have got the gold, ' striking his leg hard in a manner of mar velling. ' I had not thought of that; but was it sa? Had those three men shown Robert tho place where the chests were concealed ? The island was a dot of Land to look at, but a great tomb for a few chests, and it those men chose to keep the secret of the gold who was to say but that we might stop a whole year hunting and probing, and then sail away in the end without the nugeets? 'When the boat drew close I saw Cavendish, Johnson, and Burn among tho crowd which filled her. They jumped into the chains (as the platform on the ship's side is called) and climbed over the bulwarks, the seamen in the boat coming quickly after them. ' I had observed that the three gentlemen stared hard at the barque whilst the boat ap proached, but I don't think they clearly knew, who I was until they were on board, and then they stood as men petrified. They were white with astonishment. Never could ink convey their varying expressions of dismay and incre dulity, but chiefly amazement profound and thrilling. Johnson spoke to the commander, and they both looked at me. Johnson then whispered to' Cavendish.- Burn stood a little apart. 'Cavendish looked the wickedest man you could imagine with his mean little eyes and sinister fawning expression and his chin un shorn and his hair wild as the win3 that had. blown it.' The other, Mr. Peter Johnson, I had always rather admired for his intelligent eyes ; he was black bearded and a little bald. Oh, aunt! Such respectable men you would have thought to figure in so audacious, I may say murderous, a business ! I heard Robert say, ' I shall not put you in irons, but, gentle men, this is your road, and down there you will find a few of ypur old friends, 'and in a moment in obedience to a gesture some seamen laid hold of Mr. Cavendish and Mr. Johnson and walked them out of my sight to the hatch under the break of the poop. ' Mr. Burn was left standing just -where he had sprung from the rail and where the sight of me had nailed him. Robert said 'Step this way,' and Burn followed the commander into the cuddy. I gussed by this treatment that he had turned informer and was heartily glad and relieved to believe it. I looked through the skylight and saw them talking to gether at the cabin table, and presently the commander pulled out a pocket-book, on a blank page of which Burn made a sketch. I heard the unfortunate man ask Robert for a glass of beer and the commander fetched a bottle and a glass from the pantry, and after Burn had drank he began to cry, and then he spoke of Mi-. Masters. He said that he had loved Masters and abhorred Caldwell for his murder (as he called it). Neither he nor Masters had the least suspicion that Caldwell and Davenire, with the knowledge of the others, had brutally gagged and thrown me into the sea. He and his friend, I overheard him say, were never in close sympathy with the gang. Masters died in the desire to avenge my murder, and had he shot Caldwell he would have stood up a minute later to the giant Davenire. ' I had never suspected any particular par tiality for me in Mr. Masters. He had been a very handsome man. He had the handsomest profile of any that ever I saw in human face. Any woman would have been proud to have reclaimed such a person. I was much affected and stepped away from the skylight that Roljert Bhould not know I was listening, tor judging by his looks I thought he did not relish this passage of Mr. Burn's discourse. 'Presently 1 heard his voice distinct and loud under the skylight. ' ' I trust you have not deceived me ? ' ' I swear by heaven I have not,' answered Burn, in his bubbling voice full of tears and beer. ' ' You will enter that cabin and stay there. You are, of course, Hiy prisoner. But your behavior has been very different from that of the rest, and when I have got the gold back into this ship you 6hall not be deceived in my promise of good usage.' 'The commander came out of the cuddy, and looking up spied me. He kissed his hand and exclaimed in his deep intoning voice (which habit I shall hope one day to correct), 'I am now off for the chests, Margaret; I have full particulars and you may look for me in an hour or two.'. ' He then called for a boat's crew and went ashore. Sure enough about half an hour after his company of men had landed I saw them coming out of the wood on to the beach, loaded with the chests. They brought some chests to the boat and went back for more, aud when all the chests were together— a goodly heap — they loaded the boat and palled to the ship. ' I can't tell whether the sailors realised the value of this recovered treasure or whether it was that the realisation of its value awed them, but I recollect that those chests were swung on board in silence. No cheers, no demonstration of delight. But why should I have expected this? The sailors were not interested. They were not going to benefit probably by the value of a pennyweight of the precious stuff. In truth I believe every British sailor to be a buccaneer at heart, and. suspect that the men regretted on the whole that the robbers of the Queen had not been successful. ' For my part, though I had been thinking a great deal about the gold, I found my mind dwelling more upon Mr. Masters than upon the chests as they came over the ship's side. TEe commander stood in the waist attending the shipment. I never shall forget whilst life lasts his face of delight. Deep were his smiles as the chests were handed up. It was indeed a wonderful recovery, and all brought about by their trying to drown me. 'Within three hours of the time when Mr. Burn gave the commander the information about the gold the chests were safe in their former locker amongst the wool nailed up securely under theeye of the commander and the hatches battened down. When the order, to make sail was given Mr. Matthews, the mate of the Queen, came up to the commander and was so affeetecl, poor man, that he could scarcely speak. He extended his hand and Rotert silently pressed it. ' ' We owe this magnificent result first to you, Miss Mansel,' said he, ' and .very much to you next, sir !' ' ' It is a true, glorious haul for us all,' said the commander, ' and shall make us both richer if not better men, sir.' ' He then left us to hail the brig ; the little vessel was quite close at the time. The com mander roared out, 'I suppose you know, Hardy, that we have recovered the chests ? ' Mr. Hardy made a sailor's motion of con gratulatory joy with his hand as he stood upon tho brig's taffwiil, tho queerest figure of a mariner you can picture, his flowing trousers for ever shivering in the breeze as. though his legs were under some ceaseless uncontrollable influence of hornpipe. ' 'I will. dine on board this ship,' shouted Robert, 'and be with you beforo sundown.' And bo turned his great red, dear old face round the sea to find out how the weather pro mised. 'He told Mr. Matthews and me the story of his going ashore and getting the men and the nuggets. He found the wood very thick and walked with great anxiety, fearing that they might be shot at by the men in concealment. The grass was tall and their tread soundless. There was no dry bush or brushwood to crackle. After they had gone a few hundred yards in a green twilight of wood they arrived suddenly at an open space of sunshine and grass, in the midst of which was a tent It was a little tent shaped like a house and contrived out of spars and spare sails. At the entrance stood Mr. Burn, who yelled when he saw the commander and his men, then let his arms fall and Btood like one thunderstruck, deprived of speech by a stroke. The others were inside, asleep. Robert noticed plenty of bottles and some glasses and the remains of a meal. All three were secured, two. of them scarcely awake when they were seized. The commander asked them to tell him where the gold was. Cavendish, grinned hide ously ; the three fellows kept obstinately silent. They began to look at one another, however, when Robert told him that the longboat was captured' and Trollope dead and the balance of the gang in irons aboard the Queen, which, withrtfie Wellesley, lay out of sight upon the sea -beyond -the trees. Still they would not speak ; but as they marched down to the beach, Burn, who walked behind his two associates, signed to the commander and softly addressed him, and Robert gathered that he would be willing to make a clean breast of it when he was alone. 'They found the chests in the place where Mr. Burn had told them to look. They were in a cleft or fissure at the foot of a hill facing east, so bountifully and luxuriously concealed by the wild growths of thatepot of land that it was wonderful they should have lighted upon it. Robert told me he might have explored the island in vain for months. The eighteen cases were there intact. Burn assured the commander they had not been opened since the day when they had been removed from the ship's hold. They had proposed indeed to open one that contained dust with the idea of buying a small vessel, but fell out over this, as indeed they quarrelled about nearly every thing, and the longboat sailed away as Rol-ert had cleverly concluded on a piratical mission to seize. ' Well, before I close this letter, which I am sure you would not wish shorter, I must give you a few interesting items of news which the commander picked up from the traitor Burn, who talked very freely, being evidently hope ful that Robert would intercede for him. He said that it was well known that a great pur chase of cargo of gold was to be consigned from the diggings by the ship Queen. Trollope met him one day in Sydney and asked him if he was willing to join a gang who meant to sail as passengers in the ship and seize her at sea ? He went with Trollope to the house of one Moses Jacobs who, it seems, found the capital for this enterprise and there met Davenire, Caldwell, and others. They wanted a company of ten. Some believed they could not do with less and so he introduced Masters. The brigantine that was to rendez vous at the island was commanded by Jacobs's brother-in-law. This man was brought in here dead of paralysis a fortnight ago. He lived till the vessel entered Sydney Harbor, eo he had his wish and was buried by the side of his child. 'On our arrival we heard that Jacobs, for whom, as you may suppose, enquiries were im mediately made, baa vanished shortly after the brigantino anchored. He has not yet been found. He is the worst of the culprits, but his loss is heavy. Robert calculated that he could not have put less than two thousand five hundred pounds into this venture. This without any other security than the arrival of the brigantine at the island. This on the chance of the men rising and successfully seizing the ship and navigating her to the island. This on the chance of Saunders re maining loyal. I do not think that the people of the nation to which Mr. Jacobs belongs are commonly great lovers of such loose, insecure speculations as this. And yet you do hear of njoneylendU's advancing large sums on notes of hand at crushing rates of interest and then use lessly sueiiiR the persons to whom the balance ?was advanced. 'Robert and I have been made much of here ; Robert is the hero of the hour. Hun dreds go down to the waterside to look at the Queen whbb, by the way, Mr. Matthews will command on her voyage home. I cannot yet tell what the award will be, but as the value of the treasure is very great, it is generally thought that twenty thousand pounds will be divided in sums proportioned to rating and so forth, among the people who were engaged in the work. How much do / deserve ? But for me the gang would have got off clear with the gold, letting Jacobs in and themselves dis persing in various countries. ' It is not yet known hoiv Davenire and his crew will be dealt with. It is believed that all of them, excepting Burn and another, will be sent to Norfolk island. That other is Mr. Dike Caldwell, who is out of his ^nind and promises to be incurably insane. The rest are sure to get a life sentence ; indeed, as Robert says, it may end in the gallows, for though all the boats of the Queen have been accounted for, a lady, Mrs. Peacock, died in one of them, and it is to be seen whether they cannot hang the men for causing her death. ' My hand aches now, and I have no time to write more by ibis mail.' [The End.] 