fflllTHlMfi. ' a ADSTEEIH STOBY. ' CHAPTER I. 'Jlie Coasias. Cadets, uot at' Woolwich or Sandhurst (such triitf not tbeir good fortune), 'but cadets o£ old %u I now impoverished houses — of houses V;i-i«-u still keot up their ancient state. They iv-cie uotb handsome, well-grown, wall-bred, hut utterly unfitted by their education ior anything iu the world, or to b[-cak more tiulv ior anything iu auy world but their owu/Keilhcrot them had place or provision oi auy kind; uuvl both had been Uae-1 to luxury fwui tbeir youth up. They wort cousius— Edward Hornby and Lionel liorton. tidward w;is a lav^e, load, fiai,.,, jnan. vmv vicious, very handsome. a terrible bully, a splendid rider, u line shot. &s; bravo as a lion, and uu treacherous us a Ic0[&r4.; ?. Lionel was cast in a pentler ana more femiuine mouid to all appearance ; not (juite eotalJ, vcr'aftl* ^ven more hun-home, aud ot pleating. pin'al iSianneiB. Home ?what idle cvou iu the lew thing* he had to (io»*but a mo.it amiaula and excellent youn^ tieliow,dU-gustod bis liie.aud knowing ftiimaolf lit for higuer things. ; They hid a third ami mutual cousin, faliahtiy younger, a yvuug lady. Her iaaiiJy w:;s as poor ai weje either of theirs, hut she iv.u»rieli. ^hc was duwdied with a beauty L woudeiful tbat people iu the world U:£au jo upcafc oi it even now, b^iore the was out; aud to this beauty ber f-thtr and mother iuuked, in purt t to rcbtore the fnllvn fortunes of liieir house, ior tuey were heirless, aud ibe wns the lafefc of Llir; Joof9' old line. ' * Mie.badbeen 6ecn by few, but had been fay uiueh ia the compxuy ot her cousina. Inevitably, but with ainjiiilar infelicity, :»u-e twu uubappy young men fell deeply ia love with her, and more uniortuu:Uc!y Htill. tiie rotarnod the love of the more gonllc Loucl. Jt was in thc autumn, at one of! iH-ir dphtpidated old country houses, tbat Ibitlook place. l.dward brote the iicrc^st hors^a for her iiniu&enicnt; ; t\yam tne broad coi-1 river in Isov^uib^r bccause siie was ou the other side, and that he might have the happincij or walking' home beside her in his dripping clothes in Vhe biting wind, ttut hhe did not care for him. Bbe waa far too rciined a 'cieatqrp to bp won by mere exhibitions of brute strength which any pri7.e-fit!hter could burpasa. Wheu he did not frighten her, he diseased her j elie disliked him. and he say it. IJonel was a perfect j;entlcmaa, and, tboi:'a inot a close tcholar, had read some uliat And he haa a gentle, playful manner. too, and a pleasant, -jmei way ot Raying humorous things, and al^ujciher eueh a very charming person that the gave him the preference irom the lirst, and urew to love hisa deeply before etic had any idea tint tuch was the ease, lie was only her cousin. ' she waB at first very carcCul in h-r behaviour to the two to bhow no marked preference for either. Uut each of them before long saw perfectly weli how the mat ter stood. The old people, of course, guessed uothitif? of it; if they ijad. it wuuid ouly bave given them a temporary uneasiness. Lionel was rouⅈ from Uis lethargy of life by the newly-found love, aud he lornicJa fichcme— a foolish lover's scheme. UM she will be conetaut for a year or two, 1 will win & position ior her. There is, at all events, India,' Alae, poor youth 1 he should have known that be would got no marcr to thc moos by yoing to India than he wuuld to bis touein Alice. As tho autumn drew toward* a c'oso, she Wan to relax a little in the exiu-cee care with which she bad kept the balauce between them, and somewhat to unbend towards Lionel. Kdward, hating with a deep and deadly hatred, watched them eloooly, and saw the growiug hope in Lionel's eyes. Mhe fool will not be long before he bl'tyks.' Lionel was not lon^ bcToro be spoke. lie iound her alone, llad bo uot beeu nervous, had he hut looked a little more at her tacc, he would. Ijave eeen that ei.e was verjr ancry, and wou/-? not have bpuken. Jo Lis great t-Ljuishment she repelled him with extreme - aL;;ur. ! Lefore there was auy time lo ask for an Cipluuation. the father and mulher entered, Ike father livid with rage. _ ; ' Then ujy watohiug ii- rewarded,' said thc : o'd ge&ilema;&; ' 1 was nut deceived. Vi etched Liouel, how have you abated my j:oatiiir.ace aud v.oiateti my hospitality i Liouel, you have traded on your familiarity j as a cousin in a base and cowardly way.' ' My lord,' said Lionel.1' »ur.y 1 bqallowcd , to teliyou what has just pa^ed beloro I Jeavc j your bou^e for ever/ 1 have just proposed i to my eouisin.' ' \ '' This is mighty weil,' said the old map, j ''W-ond.'OU'i v.-eil, my yuun;4 lady.' ^ , '1'0 -ou hc.ir me, my lor-5,' Eaid Lionel ; ! '? I'wish you to blame the right person. 1 urn | alone to blame. My cousin Jus rejected me j with fcjrn. J*'or heaven's sake understand that in your r.n^cr.' ' KppbiiW,' he said, 'You ara a gentle* man. Wo one is more sorjy thau mysell that ibis bss hap/jened tbron^h my carclessives'. bat my daughter, you SwO, knows her duty.' ClUmii 3L A S'acl a&d; Its Coassoueuces. When the old gentleman lei t the two cousins alone together, jMico turned and tpoke to idonel, 4kl eannot believe you utterly lost to all honour. Head this letter and clear yourself. If you choose, you can write to me in explanation. We have eeen each other for thc last time.' She tossed a letter towards him, but it fell close to where r.hc was staudiug. JSdvvard picked the IctUr up and read it. Thc pas ta^u which concerned him was this 1 Your auuet coupin, I.iooel, was dining nt thoni'.tjs of tho 14Uth lu»l niRht., aud used your name ip u pciiuduloualy public manner; Jig loaded you in tbe very coarsest toriuf, mid t-)iok»s you' ub bis Jiuneeti. My brothor told im* ibis tbie merniui:, 1 hoped that your cousin hud been drunk, but Georgey says ho was perfectly tioter» Yourfi ever JovingJy, CLAUA bUAl)A7.UN.' Clara lirabazon was an intimato friend of Alice's. Uer hroiher, tho 'Gcorgcy' of this fetter, v.'as a pleasant, kind young cornet of diM^ooiis. 1 Tiiav iii; ^ioje way Lionel was ccrliun. Itwap Edward who had got the icul lie written ; it was Julward who had get tl;u old people to v/alcb. ' llut the blow had rome through (ieorKo Eraba^ou ; he must b::ve r.u explanation from him, and the K'iu.Ie thing would come out. T.'c ivi-o tc a peremptory letter to thc comet, liluting that he hu-l «^--n making nnfotmdeJ . »i^rt.ions with regard to him, aud demaudmg : T a jHtblicapology. Alas ! the letter which he wrote in his indignation was a little lob psr trsptory for that regiment aud for those tiirc*. George lirabazon was advised, which ordered^ by bis brother oflieers, «':r» cted, 1 ftar, by the coloncl, to send a man . :.ionel for an explanation. i be fatal step was taken; no arrange- I w&s; posfiibJenow« And bo i hey met, j I'm: kindly Lionel and the mciry, popular j *? ':ng cornet, Lionel said moBt solemnly to ! « dying day that he never meant to bit thc j \- met, but only fired nervously towards him, 'h' fldmc vague instinct ol self- defence, i'^wevcr tbat may lie, and I believo it, the J .yunt after he fired, the poor young man, ?Mer staring round liim for one moment, v.-.th a gha&tly; look of horror, fell down in a 1.. up upoifihe grass — dead. l.ionel'fi horror and remorse were terrible t 1 witnesB. Thc habits of reserve and re- i . JircLsioh. in which people of his order were ? 'un educated gave way utterly. IJe lost, -h.» belf-posscssion of an jSnglish gentleman, aul raved and imprecated corses upon him* fieif &o; fioicely that tho officers who Btood , around began to get more scared at him than they were at the solemn and beautiful corpse which lay at tbeir feet. ? But there was the necessity of flight, even in those days; and when Liouol appeared at midnight beside the bed q£ £Ma startled father, he was calm, though ho loaked 0ve or sis years older. His father had a plan for him, and they talked it over for ti\c mptrow. Uis .father wa6 poor, and he sincerely re gretted that he had no provision or career to ofi'er his son, worthy of a gentleman, in this country. But'^nauy gentlemen were doing ?well ? in New South Wales, at thc Wool gx;owing. Did he think that bp could bring his mind to entertain such an idea I ' You tell me that England lias grown hatetul to you after these miserable occur icaees, my poor boy. Try to forget tUetn in business.' 41 1 would gladly go,' he said- 'but we have no money.' ' 1 wiil lead you live thousand pounds of your mother's, bearing interest. If you succeed, you eaa pay her again ; i £ you lose it all, why it will bu gone, and you. will have nothing left but our love and oar blessing. Those you will always have. You have been a good son to us, and God bless you.' CHAPTER III. Liojial Mests His Gcusia And so he eailed ; and thc world went on and J'orgob him utterly. His coixsin Alice married a young nobleman of va.^t wealth, the Marquis of (jrauton, in btr iir&t; season, and became one of the lirst ladies in the land. Iu Australia year glides infoyear, and one almost indistinguishable eeasou jLttdes' iuto auo tiier, aud time, divided and unmarked by events, i;oia oa with (i^ual pace. .Xen years bad gone over Lionel'* head, utid 3jc was a steady, rich, scclaie magistrate of threeand thivty before he could believe Bacfaatliing possible. He was wealthy even for the wealthy community in which he lived, A very pleasant place was hi3 solitary Btuilon. The time. did cot go unpleasantly with him. fie had his booiis, carefully added to year after year ; and. what is more, ho read thenj. He had his newspapers and tuaeaziatia in those days three months after date, lie bad expeditions to bydney, even at tbat time growing to be a beautiful place; and long rideq over plain and througu forest, after hie buslines. Last, and not -least, iic had big sporting, lie got to be the gieatesfc sports man oi those parts. . lie vegetated on here in bis Australian home, with bis 'accumulating wealth, with his books, his business, and hia sport^nd there was but little to disturb liim. Old memories were getting very dim ; and the moat painful pari6 of tbcra, with the dark exception of his most unhappy duel, were getting so mellowed by time as to be almost plea-ant. fc'o when he, after five veara' vegetation, goi the intelligence that his cousin, tue lionotablc lidwurd Hornby, had coiuc into thc colony, and 3aad been made inspector of po.ice for the eoutberu dim rict (Victoria was a mere dimrict then, though central now), lie did nut care vei'y much. ]t was ali over a&d; done with so many years ago, and the bun had gone to sleep with her last light upon the peaceful eastern hiile so ofteu. in ttuit land of unsellable melancholy peace caiJed Australia, thc sett ing of thc sun — a peaceful event everywhere — ia more peaceful, more calm, possibly more beautiful, thau in any other country in tbe world. Once see for yourself those dim, lonely, long- drawn, piainft of grey grass, and see thc sunlight die on thc solitary wooded peak which stands out from them 20 miles away, and then you will know what 1 meau. i Lioucl had ncen this awful sunset spue tacle every day ior live years, and lig'b&id;, ' ?? Who am 1 that tbe sun £houid go down on my wrat'u 7' j He bad met Edward Hornby at sessions, ; with an open blow urtd open haud,r two years alter he had heard of his being in the colony as police inspector, which was seven years after bis own arrival, when tic was getting to be a wealthy and well-to-do' uian. The meeting on his pdrt was cordial, And on that of his cousin's apparently 50. But he was very much fctruefc by hia cousin's ap pearance. lie did not look dis&ipatcd; ; all his nerve and vitality were left, but there wus a wild, liercc, bandit-look about t iao uian ? lot which be cculd not in any way account. He ai-kcd the hcai stipendiary magistrate abjul him in coniidence. This olricer was a very dear friend of %ifi. and tltey had a mutual icspcct for one another. 'Jt is an awful Bbame,' feaid tne stipen diary magistrate to Lionel; 'the Home Government sei res Ud shamefully. 'X*hi6 is a Home appointment. Tuis man. this cousin of yhuib, my dear Lionel, U a desperate man ; he baa been kicked out ol almost ercty biliiard-i-oom from Brussels io Naples. Jjiit his cousin and your cousin, Lady Alice ? , married Lord Graaton ; and so, when Europe is too hot to hold him, he is foisted on ua as police inspector, ,Jt is to.*- mon strous. We are not strong enough to east the old country off, but tbe time will come when wc shall' be. You are making your fortune, yoy have your position, you 'will go homi and go into larliament. Oo, for Heaven's sake, tell the assembled liritish nation that we arc tick already of having ill reputed cadets thrust upon us in iesponsible positions. JJo. for heaven'* sake, man, tell j them that we are forced to stand it now, but that the time will come when we will stand it no longer.' i Lionel saw but little of his cousin after | this. When Kdward. as inspector of police, came his way, he was always abscafc from I the licnch,\ The last time—save t«vo— lie ever saw him was at a faney ball at Govern- ; ment House. Edwa?d waa dieted as a 1 bandit, and Lionel was obliged {o agree that he looked thc part to perfection. CHAPIEll iv. j Kura's, 'iliB Buskr&agar-; ? It was about the eighth year of his calm ! sojourn in these quiet solitudes that theie | came a noiso or report from thc north } dim and vague at first, and clouded with a. mist ! of incidents and anecdotes which thc younger folks took to be original, but which ths older hands recognised as mere repeti tions of old stories. Hut, in spile of tbie surrounding mist of o|d stories rcprocl uccd, | the noise or report began to shape itself iuto iorm, and at last cryitallisetL itself into j ctrtaiuVy- I There was a great gang of bushrangers j abroad ; by rumour more numerous, tnore bold, more cunning, and mote icrqcl than I any which bad appeared on the ponlixicqti One b^d to go to the legend s of the neigh- 1 bpuriDg island of Van Hieman's La/ad' to j match them' for strength and for ferocity. | There w;is little doubt about tbeir leader :i ht* bad been pc--& several times, and could be Bworn to by a hundred 'mouths— ijo lesp a jierson than Mike Howe, tbe baby-killer of Van Dicm.Ws Land. This was not true : Howe never wont into the but& on the mainlaud, as far as I can gath«v But tbat awful name was stiiUcient to cause a papip among the outlying settler*, ami many of the outlying squatters (conntry gentlemen) removed their books and their wives and went to Sydney,' leaving ex convict overseers to make the beet bargain tbey could with thc terrible bandit. A fearful bandit ho was. 'The foulest, fellset, and fiercest with which the land had ever been plagued. lhe three types of bushrangers which come most naturally to one's memory ate those represented by Miko^Howe, Kocky Wiielnn, and Slelville. Michael Howe was a handsome dovil— a man beside whom IS&na; Sahib appears only as an enraged patriot -with i a personal grievance, lie tool: the cliild : from thc mother's breast, and beat ij,B bn|U6 out against a tree. ? llocky W he lan was a feller devil even than this— a murderer from sheer love of seeing his victim die. Melville was different 'to cither of them, aud by far thc most remarkable. A Bmaliisb man, thc son of a Scotch clergyman, o£ tbof most intense vitality, with a courage of the most transcendent order. A man utterly without fear ; not, as far as 1 know, citfcer cruel or nnclean, bat a man whose whole soul was, £or &o; reason whateyej, in utter ! rebellion against order, I^w, society ; nay, I fear, against Gild hijnsel^i ^he tpan could never h^ve abed bjood, or be' qrould have begn hanged withoiit mercy, was never hanged, for there never was anything against him worse than highway robbery. ^ was uader sentence for something like thirty years, when, in one of his mad attempts to escape from the hirtk, he gof The three types of p^shrangers which I have roughly: eketchod o^f^erd fljl of fhpm well represented in thjs npw bapait leader. As cruel as Howpj as brutal as Whelan, as irrepressible fierce and restless ^s Melville. Marks was iiis name; Vw/^11 m^-wltha large black beari. His who^e history became perfectly well* known afterwards. He ' was a manufac turer's son at Bradford or LeedB, and^ mad dened by sojne disappointment in love, took 1 to every kind of evil coarse, and having . euded in forgery, was transported. He hpa ' become for some time apparently respectable i in Van Hicman's Land, wnefe he was free ; but the devil, which he had originally invited, came for another visit, aud stayed. Tbe man went to tbe bush, with pevpn new devils in his company. The history of (he man, and thc mau's person even, were, be it remembered, as well known to *the criminal population as thaj) of Governor Gipps. He was one of the 4i uncatchable ' class of bush* rangers. His gang was ' broken up ' several times, and many of them captured and hanged ; but no man ever laid hands on him. He exhibited some qf the qualities of a Garibaldi (if 1 dare use tbat sacred and loved name on such an occasaion) in hiB guerilla warfare. Although a big w-ia, and aa ' expensive man to horse,' he always rode tbe finest cattle iu the colony, far finer than it was possible for any o£ his pursuers to ride. No iiue weiglit-eprrying horses wpfp p.ife from him. Five hundred pounds' worth of horse ilesh, in tbe person of one horse, might be neighing In your paddock at eunset, and at sunrise the slip-rails would be down and the horse gone. And, again, the man was such a dead shot with a pistol that few policemen ol: uny rank dared ride top near bim. AJarks beltl the colony in terror, and got mora audacious day after day. Terror gave place to mad, though powerless, exasperation alter tbe following incidents Captain Thompson, of the 50th, one of the most popular men in the whole colony, a man respected aud beloved by thp Governor, tbe military, tbe colonists, -and the convicts alike, once more succeeded in breaking up this man's gang ; but in hunting tbe well mounted leader himself, he got separated from his party. These two men had evi dently met face to face in the bush, and with thc saddest consequences. Captain Thomp son, being followed by some of his victorious party, icanf-itnd dead in lh-:buah^ bceidv his \ dead horxe,*hot through the hingt. From this time that iicrce and fearful bully, the Honorable Edward Hornby, pub- 1 lic)y devoted himself to the especial task of riding down this bushranger and .'hooting bim. -( A task well suited to him,' mused ; Lionel, one wet night, over his lonely tire ; ; ' be has done little good in this world as yet, though as much as 1, perhaps. God utilises alt his creatures, sooner or later.' j Jiut the t( sensation ' in tbe colony about the death of Captain Thompson was mild to i thc sensation which followed the capture of Inspector thc Honorable Edward Hornby, J.K. by the bushrangers. There was no doubt of the fact; the Honorable Edward had ridden too far, and had been too bold ; and they bad ?ot him, and, iv^iat is more, meant to keep him. They let tbeir inten tions be knowu to thc Government by sending into the Goulburn Police Station a wicked looking little old shepherd, with one eye, and lame, wbo stated their terms as these : I £.500 dow/it and a fret; pardon for all, or \ We'll do to ^itiiu an ire wH'ant. to da to 0—, 1 ?i/tce hod i'u light h'm be/ore he icax dead.' chapter v. i Eoscued and KaasomecL There was a general cackle and ehriot | throughout thc colony. The Monitor, in its i leader, pointed out that here was a& active ' police magistrate, a scion of the British aristocracy, in thc full possession of health , and strength, set on by a gang of rulfians in , broad daylight, and held to ransom. ' Lionel, who, in spite of oblivion, strongly disliked his cousin, rode to town and urged , action on the Colonial Secretary aud the Governor. He told t^icm at once that they j need never ask the Council for the inouey ; ; that he would pay che sum five times over , out of his own pocket to release his cousin. He urged tbem to action on tbat basis, but j the Governor and thc Colonial Secretary , ' hung in the wind,-' and allowed a great j hesitation in ' going about.' j I 'Jic is perfectly safe,' said his Excel-, j lency ; *' you yourselt, lay dear Lionel, 1 would never play out a solitary trump | without a single court card in your hand. The bushrangers have gat a poor hand and ' one trump; they will never play it until | they are forced.' i ' And tbe Secretary said in thc ante-room, ' 'Wc will try to deal with them for you, 1 only the free-pardon business must be j 1 dropped. 3 know how fond you are of your cousin, and how deeply attached your coUsiix is to you. I have heard bim speak of yon. 1 perfectly well know tbe rclatious between yoi?, fiad pep bow {.'onerously and b*gh: uiindeily you ate acting. But 1 wish your cousin was a more respectable man. Wc may get bim 'back, but' the devil himself will never put his accounts right- You really must wait.' 11 Arc his accounts seriously wrong ?' asked Lionel. « Over four hundred pounds,' answered the Secretary, sadly. ' He will Yoec his appointment, I fear i; and he so brutal, so wild, and bo fierce that he is getting unfit fpr qecp nt ippciefcy. My dear Lipn?l, 1 $tq sorry to eay so to yop, bnt your couBip a lf Noftr, I'll tell yon what I'll' do *v^h you/1 &afd; Lionel to tt}e Colonjfil Bepfpt^fy (frjme Minister), 'lf you will get him back, 1 will pay his ransom and set his accounts right. Will you do the other half for me, and give these pardotis ?' ui hqfie&tly; dop't think that we will. You heard tpe Governor say that he was quits fifrfp.' Oj*p ' Jii* ^ Bkcpllency err? Go along 1 goalpiigtM lly-ah4?by Edward Hornby came back to town, ragged pn4 fppt⪯, in a red ehi?t..and inoleskig trqpsers, and resnined his position aa police-inspector. His cftUBin, Lionel, through thc instrumentalily of the Colonial Sepretaryj h^d his' afiairfi put right, and in Bucb a way $bat Bd^rd 'neve; knew who had done it. All that Kdward ever Baid about the matter was that the bnshrangera were kind tp him, and that ho had escaped, bat /ivas never eafe ifiitil he got near town. PHAPTBE VL She Lifer Waras Lionel. Lionel went back to his station. His people were glad to pee him again, and there seemed to be np r&berve; about any of them, save one—the man he called the murderer ; tbe man who had tried to shoot his colonel at Gibraltar. 4 This man wa? reserved, This mauls expression was interrogatory, and tbe . interrogation was, 41 How much do you I know ?' 1 am sorry to eay that he liked this rufiian. This mau watched Lionel about i everywhere, in the wool-s'ned, in the sheep- , yardd, in the stable, and bis look alwayB said : one thing — ' How much do you knjw?'-' j At last they spoke, to^e sheep were lost - in the scrubby ranges, the bunting grounds j of Lionel, after a gale from the south-west, ? apd Lionel took this nmu with him oa \ horseback. When tjjiey were alone together, ! Lionel eaid u You have something to say j to me, Jordan. I have been it in your eyes for daye.' And Jordan said-— u 1 have nothing to ask of you save one thing — how much do you know 1' 'About what J' ' Well, you are a gentleman, and would not have me murdered ; and there is no one to hear us but tbe parrots, and tiny won|t peach, though tbey can ta.k. About this bushranger, ciptaia ?' ?sHc m aliye and well, Beyond that I know nothing of him.' 'Tbat will do. Don't Bay a word more. But mind this, governor,— I am the only real old liabd you have round you ; and I went near death lor a girl once, and I would go near death for you. If you know anything more than you have chosen tn tell me, don't let it out among those twopenny dyfakers and prigs up at home. There ia orders among convicts, 1 teliyou. Thc bigger thc sentence, thc higher the station. You haven't got more than a fieven»ycar man among the lot of us, except me, and I'm a lifer. A man wbo has his eeven penn'orth, or his fourteen penn'orth, unless he accumulates in the colony, is only u^ed by such men as me as a ticket-porter. We make 'em fctch, and we make 'em carry, bnt in a business like this we never trust 'ecu — don't you.' '.In *a- business like this?' said Lionel ; ' what do you mean ?*' *'Tfcat is no odd, 4 of yours. Only if you know anything, don't you talk. 11 re know, and you are free from us. Go Marks is alive and well, is be V ?'As far as 1 know,' said Lionel. *'I wish yon would speak out.' I 11 Ho you see that there ant's neat?' said ! the tiofi vict.' ! ?' 1 see it.4-*. 1 ' The day I want to be tied naked on tbat ant's neat is ths day 1'iL speak out/' said the convict; 'notbsr'orc. 'But if Marks pomes near us I'll follow you. You are a queer lot, you e well g. You are a queerer lot ibpn us. What the dicken6 would become of you with our temptations I don't knoy^j' «. ' CHALM'&Xl; vh. Tlie Eushraagsr Saoois a trooper. It appeared, however, tuatth^ bushranger was either dead or moat suddenly and un accountably quiescent. l'or rivp months no outrage W4S reputed from any quarter. At the end of that time Inspector Hornby received intelligence of Markg ^sing in hiding in the mountains in tbe south, and, getting' le^ve, started immediately sn pur suit. He wats not, however, quipk enough to catch him. He made the vprmin boltj how ever ; ior tfvo days qfter his arrival in tho^e parts Marks re-a.ppeared, fUty miles tq the tiouth of him, and eacked a station. Inspector Hornby was almost immediately Bpeii on the spot, but M.aiks was again top quick for him. A few days after, another citation was eacked (' stuck up,' as they called it), twenty miluB further to the louth, and within fifteen miles of Lionel's. He hud no women about the place, and could eabilyhave ridden into town and let Jordan, the convict, make teriu* for him, but he would not. He determined to stick to his post as a magistrate, and do his duty firmly. He rode always armed with his carbine, on his well-trained young horse, and when armed and mounted thus he was a very ior midable adversary for any two or three men. Jordan always rode with him now, /also | armed. I A week passed, and nothing snore was i heard. Inspector Hornby arrived one nigijt at bis cousin's station. He was shaved per fectly smooth, and showed every line iu his , powerful, coarse., and violent face most un- ? pleasantly. Not an agreeable-looking man : at all. They bad not met since his cap- : [ tivity, &&d; he thanked Lionel in a manly, i straightforward way for his exertionB j towards his release ; of other obligations to him he knett 7 nothing. He went away smooth ebora in 'IHa ?moroTng, in spite of ! Lionel's remoniEranoes on bis danger, alone, | and rode off Into the bosh towards tha 1 -mountain* . . j At m(d-d%y there came a yonng mounted policeman, 'a stranger io that part of the country, asking to be guided in a certain direotion. The way lay through some very abrupt, rempte. and densely-timbered gullies, on tne old Vuntfug-ground, which had struck Lionet as a very likely place for tbe haunt of the bushrangers. He communicated this to the trooper, and having dined with him, setout with hipi on horseback, accompanied by Jordan. ' Lionel had, of couree, his carbine —Jordan, pistolp. The ranges in which these galltes were situated were densely wooded, except in one or two placeB, where, onatpur which Hanked one of the little 'glens, thcr$ would be,au open, lofty place, of a few acres, free from timber, and 'Just now blazing with flowers, With theBe exceptions thc forest was dense. Coming to the most suspicious gully, and feeling themselves tolerably strong; they de» termined to give it some sort of a cursory ex amination. The trooper was to go on one side and ihey two on the other. There was no sign of tbe enemy whatever. The trooper rode round the upper end of the gully, with his sword dangline and hie carbine on his knee, and very soon was pushing on through the dense scrub on the opposite ridge, about 300 yardt* from them. . They bad gone about a quarter of a mile in this order, when something terrible, sudden, and unforeseen occurred* From among some dense acacia boshes there came a little flame of fire and a puff of smoke. By the time the report reached tUem, even at that short distance, the poor trooper wan lying motionless o)i thv ground, and his horse had started madly o2 homeward with an empty saddle. They were well concealed, aqd Lionel felt Jordan's hand on his arm. *' Be perfectly still,' he whispered, «'and watch.' There appeared irom behind the bushes the murderer of the trooper— a very tall man with a great black beard, dressed in a red fihirt. a cabbage-tree hat (like a sailor's i straw hat), breeched and booted, most j beautifully mounted, and carrying a pi&tol; j ready for use in his hands. ; ' That is Marks,' whispered Jordan in an ezcited manner ; 41 can* t you bowl him over ?' 'htot from here,' said Lionel, in a whisper; ' it is SOQ yards off, and my car bine is npt rilled.' '*4 Watch him for a moment.' said the cou vict, and then folipw me.' ' CHAPTER VIII. Lionel Shoots tie Buslw&ager.; The bushranger came out into the sun light, and gulled up his burse to look for one instant at (he body of the murdered trooper ; then he turned Ins hor&e; to the right down the glen, and rode oa at a foot pace through the aromatic shrubbery, which brushed as high as piskncea, looking round him defiantly, yet cautiously. The olher two tnrned their horses' head? thc same way as his, and kept parallel to' him on the opposite ridge, but behind it, out of sight, and trotting. At a particular point, among some thick green scrub, Jordan laid bis hand on Lionel's arfch and turned his horse's head. Lionel saw that this was the place to wait for thsir man, uow coming down the guily on the op posite ridge. The gully narrowed here, and it was evident from the rocks that thc bush ranger must come into the bottom, or even cross towards tbem ; and on the opposite side was one of those bald, healthy, tiowery spaces which I bave noticed before. Up nil around the 'forest rose sombre and silent. They waittd but a few minutss when Marks emerged from the denser forest, riding at a foot pac,; and loading a pistol ; little dreaming, poor wretch, of -the fate before him. Lionel was determined to orrpst this man in one way or another. Five minutes before, just after he had seen him murder the trooper, he would have shot hini down like a dc;. But hie1 temper had a little cooled, even in tbat short time, and he was no assassin- He got his carbine ready, his reins over his left arm, and waited. Tbe bushranger came slowly on among the tfowers. which reached to his knee, gaudy with his red shirt under the blazing snu in the open. His horse tupaed down a cattle track under thc rocks towards them. A vivid, gaudy figure, even among the gaudy llotvdrs— a figure never forgotten by Lionel to the day of his death. ' He is near enough now,' said the con vict, in a ficrce whisper. 'Fire.' ' Fool 1' hissed out thc convict Lionel did not mind. He role quietly into the open, and, with his reins over his left arm, and his carbine at the ' present,' &a;?d, in a voice which ran? through the peaceful summer forest—' Stand, in the King's name 1' Thp answer was only an ill-aimed pistol shot* The bushian^er hurriedly spurred his horse onwards : bat Lionel had covered him with his inexoraule and unerring carbiue. Under these circumstances he felt it his duty to society to take human life ; and, keeping hn foresight moving to correspond with the undulations of the horse, be fired, and raised a ghost which was ngver to be laid again. The bushranger pitched heavilv forwaidW his horse s neck, and then fell off on the left side, the side nc^re?t to Lionel, the ri^ht leg hanging on the saddle for one moment, 'until the last spasm had kicked the foot clear of the right stirrup ; then the man toppled headlong over, and lay perfectly Btill, as still as bis iuuocent victim had laid uot ten minutes befpre, aud was lying even now. What the Sjtaok Seⅈ H#. Lionel's prapticp turkeys apd jkau* garoos had served Itfig in good ptead. He had ridden the earth of a foul ana cruel fien4- It vas xaigbty 'Pelt Bnt the old unutterable horror whTob bp bad felt After killipg poor Cornet Br^zon in hip p&foftp-; nate duel was' strong upon him nowi $nd he shivered as thongh jp &n; ague fiti ' ' By G— I' he said, tupping to bis gom panipn, ' I hfivc killed pnothor mail.'1'1 **You meant to, didn't yon?' said his' convict friend. ; 4-Noi nol no) a hundred thousand times 1 No,' ) call God to witness that 1 would give my pwn life twenty times, ajid fifty years of 1 purgatory, to bring tbat ppor corpse lyjng | there to life again. It -v^s the Jiuntjiig , instinct. I nev^r me^nt it- I yilljewear— r-' ; ' Swear at me, if yon wapt to swear/' e%id | the convict ; ''.but stop that particular MM J of holse just now. You have sbot Marks, . the bushranger, haven't you, and earned tbe thanks of both Houses of the Legislature ?' ? With white, dry lips, Lionel said 'Yes.' ! ' Is your nerve sutticiently good to go and havealopkat him?' *' I am not afraid of corpses,' said Lionel. ' 1 only fear the ghosts which their memory raise aronnd one.' « i onght to see plenty of ghosts then/' said the convict, ' if the memory of all that I have seen, and all that I have heard, is to return in the form of ghosts. But it don't.' ' I speak of what yon luxzc done,' said Lionel ; 'have yon eter killed a man?' ' Why, no. bnt stop this talk. We are in awful trouble. Perhaps 1 am to blame. { Confound you, you know you have done right. What are yo'a afraid of? l'ou will find it necessary to keep this business dark, for your own sake, for your own entirely. I wish to point out to yoa tbpt you want at this moment every bit of intelligence and nerve of whiph you are possessed. Leave the horses to graze and follow me.' When, a little iater, the convict had re moved the artificial black beard from the Head of the corpse,' the' face which Lionel saw staring with open eyes out from among tbe orchids ' was the facc of hia cousin Edward » I CHAPTER X. Lionel aad Alice 2£oet Ag&itL.; | So the whole thing went past ; only Ipav . ing a fresh remorse in the heart pf a very noble and good man. Young stili, but I getting grey. Meanwhile, ' Cousin Alipe ' had perfectly played hex rola as Lady Gran ton. Ope supposes that in a - marriage of arrangement like hers, the woman is not alwayB over head and cars in love with the man. In ber case it was cqrtainly eo. She had been very lately fond of Lipnel, and with all the assistance of a strong will and a very fateful training, could not always for get him, even when she bad changed her name. Not that she loved him still, 6he I only kept a memory of him which grew dimmer day by day, and preserved a feeling I pf tender kindness for him to the end. I Lord Granton probably knew that their marriage was one of arrangement, and that it was dimly possible that there might pos sibly be some one else, who, under other cir cumstances, might bave been preferred to himself. He determined that hiB imaginary rival, if snch a person existed, should have no chance against him. He was clever, handsome, and wealthy, even for England, and he gave all these things to her, and to the task of winning her wnolly to himself. There was no resisting the frank, noble generosity of tbe man. 6he got to love him better th^a all the world besiaes. She was one of the first leaders of Society, and ha-} been so for some 10 years— was, in fact. 29, in the full rgjiance of her splendid beauty ; caressed in England, courted! and flattered by the highest in Europe as wife of the English extraneous Minister— when she gave a party^— more sslect and exclusive than she had ever done before — a gold-plate dinner party ; and when everything was leady pbe sat in the drawing-room with her husbahd,looking alittle anxious. ' It is a strange story,' said he ; 'yoa should certainly let hini know the truth. But why did you ask him to-night, of all nights? He will be thc only person not in ofUce in the room ?' t* He was in the Colonial Government. He is an Australian statesman, they say. The Secretary foy She Colonies will know him. And, another thing, 1 wished to be v^ry ostentatious and grand before Am ?' ' I see.' Lady Granton, however, was a little uneasy at every announcement. At last. 'Mr. liorton !' Tall, as handsome as ever, very brown in complexion, and slightly grey in 'hair, though in age only Mo; a remarkable mau even among the remarkable men present. Such was Lionel as she 'saw him a^ain after so Ions. Of coarse every one knew him, and knew who he was. He was only, after all, in bis own order again. He was very charming. Australians were more so in those days than now, and he was a little lion even there. CHAPTER XI. 21is Oliaia of C&vaags.; It was late in the evening before Lady 1 Granton got him to herself. She began thus 'Come and 6il near me, we are quite alone here ; Lord Granton and myself have been talking over a very old matter tp-day, and he is of opinion that I should speak to you frankly ahd honestly about it ; we are older than we were, and possibly wiser ; do yon remember a oertoin painful parting which we had, .Cousin Lionel V* He bowed h$ fiandsome, grizzled head in r?P^ 'Aj£p$ letter, which I gave you as an pxcuse for & very rude dipmtapal ? ' Another bow.' 'So far, then. Ho you remember the Witer of tbat letter, Clara Brabaeon 7 ' ' I remember her welL' 'Forgive me for giving you pain, dear conpin. Believe me that comfort got for pelleting untruths is not worth having. Po yon know wliat became of Clara Bra* b»zon f ' ' No cousin.1' 4 ' Must 1 tell the whole sad story, then ? After— after— — ' ' Alter 1 murdered her brother— yes.' After tbat unhappy duel, thc truth about which was carefully conceahd from ftw by my parent#, she got into a state of morbid despair, and soon went into a decline. She sent for me when she was dying, and i went to her. She had a confession to make. She told me she w$s her brother's murderer. She had Ipved onr mutual cousin Edward with , all the fierceness of her nature and her race, and he had discovered it, at the same time that she discovered, or thought she had dis- - covered, that his heart was set in another j direction. You under* and me, cousin pioneU' 1 11 1 do, perfectly/' j ' These two unhappy people maddened j themselves, and one another against you and me ; she againet me, he against you ; be set i my parents to watch us ; she. at his instiga tion, wrote that letter pbont your nee of my ! name in a mess-room, and she confessed to ? me on her deathbed that it was a falsehood from beginning to end.' ^ That was the letter which led to the ' duel/' eaid Lionel, calmly. j -'lt was; .id ward,* oor cousin, was the cause of the death of poor young Brabazon by bis, influence ovef that very foolish and I unfortunate woman ; according to the j wicked laws of society as they now exist, ; yoa had no other choice ; I hold yon blame- 1 less ; Kdward, with his wicked machinations, I was the cause of poor Brabazon's death.' How little did she dream that the band which bad shot down poor Brabazon had also so terribly avenged his death. Lionel saw it now for the first time ; bnt he 6at per fectly mute. ' Here is Lord Granton,' said she ; *' we need not drop our conversation ; he has per- i haps a moment to join ue ; no, that ? Neapolitan ambassador has caught him .; my dear cousin, 1 gave' you an answer oil that unhappy morning, I fear, curtly, and in anger. I wish you to understand that under any circumstances that answer could have been no other than it was. We. yon know, are not free agents. I knew tJuit before I was fifteen. 1 never could have given yon any other answer but the one I did give you ; only I gave it roughly and rudely, under the impression that you bad been playing with my name. Ho you forgive me 44 What I have to forgive, my dear couBin. has been forgiven years ago. If it were otherwise, it is not for a man like me, with the mark of Cain upon my face, shut out from the pale of humanity— and I dread the hope of mercy— to forgive. Carlisle says | ' Thou fool, who told thee that thou, ; wart to be happy ?' I'll drag along my chain, cousin ; 1 will try to get nearer to | God.' chapteb xil Tte Secret Kept. L^dy Granton was inexpressibly distressed. Her innocent band was red with this dread ful business about yonng Brabazon, for it was she who had shown Lionel the letter, and she knew it. Hers was a fine and rare nature/ and time, training, and the world ? had never deadened her conscience to the fact that the laws of that society which! was her atmosphere, almost her jreligion, were, on the subject of duelling, brutal, barbarous, and Unchristian. 'With the deadly remorse of a very noble nature', shown suddenly to her, she felt it more kefenly than ever. But what could she say ? Uis not dc rbjuenr to show emotion in Society, more particnlarly in a room full of ambassadors. ' 'T am sorry for yon, cousin,' was all that she allowed herself to say ; ** God has been so good to me. I am so happy with my hus band and my children, and my wealth and iniiuencc, that I can onty pray, as 1 do, dear Lionel, that 1 may bs worthy of tbem.' ' I pray much also,' said Lionel quietly ; ' sometimes for deatb.' u We iniglit change this conversation,' said Lady Uranton; 'and if you please we will never resume it. Go to God, Lionel, go to God.' ' I have been; but He has not heard me.' ' $ot answered you yet, 1 suppose you mean. Who are you tnat you' should be answered immediately i Go again, and a.-ain, and again. Now this conversation must be changed once more. Let us talk of our mutual cousin, Edward. He is in Aus tralia, is he not ? How is he getting on7' 11 He is dead.' '* Dead! How did he die?'1 ' He was killed.' 'Killed 1 How dreadful. How was he killed.'' ' He was shot'- 44 Shot 1 Who shot bim paid Lionel, calmly; but the French ambassador was bearing down on tbem, and there was a sudden ioulevemthtent in his judgment, so he went on with a sen tence which he had n?ver thought of utter ing—' am not prepared to say who shot him, but I have the Very best reasons for believing that he was shot.' And he carried tfce terrible secret, so nearly let slip, to bis grave tvith bim. ' u Lady Granton was calmly smiling the next moment. ' «'My cousin My. Lionel Horton, Monsieur G— — - My consta ts Australian statesman* Monsieur G — — . ^key . are beginning already, those audadons Aus tralians, to talk of a ptate down the^e, under onr feeCi mor/. powerful than the original; unexpandable mother coaotry. Will yon take this Australian In hand and convert f. bim from his audacity ?' And, looking at the Australian statesman* M. G ? found himself wondering what bad caused that statesman to expatriate himself in the first instance, and whether that expatriation was voluntary or Involun tary. ror Lfonel looked so old, so worn, and eo strange, that he puzzled good, honest M. : G — completely. Lipnel's father died at last, and he came ? into such barren honors as were left to that .? battered and worn-out old line. He clnn^ to his father, and bra father to htm— lo thi very last. JHb magnificent and always accumulating Australian property put the . .old house on its legs again for a time. He I never married, nor will marry, and the title j dies with htm. Lord Poole will die with the ; deep' regrpts of the poor,, and of all his friends, but bo will die with Ws dread «cret / close locked in his heart, as mute as a fox* 'i 