[?] GALDWELL AT SPRINGFIELD. Etere's the spot; Jjook around yob. Above on the height Lay the Hessians encamped. By the church. 6B the right ,;? . , Stood the gaunt Jersey farmers. And here ran a wall — ?.'.?.??. : .; You may dig anywhere and. you will tarn up a ball. ? Nothing more; Grasses spring; waters itin, flowers blow ' Pretty much as they did ninety-three years ago. Nothing more did I Bay ? Stay one mo ment ; you've heard Of Caldwell, the parson who once preached the word Down at Springfield P What ! No ?. Coino, that's bad. Why he had All the Jerseya aflame. And they gave him the name Of the ' rebel high piiest.' He Btuck in tneir gorge, . For he loved the Lord God— and he hated King* George ! He had cause, you might say, when the Hessians that day . . . . Marched up with, Kny phaueen ,they stopped on their way ' At the ' Farms,' where his wife, with a child in her arms, Sat alone in the house. How it happened none knew But God— and one of the hireling crew Who fired the shot. Enough ! There she lay. ??.,'.? . And Caldwell, the chaplain, her husband, away! Did he preach— did he pray P Think of him as you stand ; '' By the old church to-day; think of him and that band ? '? Of military cowboys ! See the smoke and the. heat ; Of that reckless advance— of that strug gling retreat ! i . ; ; Keep the ghost of that wife foully slain in your view-— , And what could you— what should you, what would you do? Why, just as he did I They were left in the lurch, For want of more wadding. He ran to the church, ? . Broke the door, stripped the pewe, and ran out in the road With his arm fnll of hymn-books and threw down his load ' . At their feet ! Then above all the shouting and Bhots ' Bang his voice: 'Put Watts into 'em, boys; give 'em Watts.' And they did. That is all. Grasses spring, flowers, blow, , Pretty much as they did ninety- three years ago : You may dig anywhere and you'll turn up a ball, But not always a hero like this— and that's all. — 'Bret Hartb. The Victorian Public Works Department has struck out the arbitration clause in its contracts,, and now the Inspector- General is to be sole arbitrator. BThe department took this course out of disgusb at the arbitrators in the Downie case awarding the contractor ^816,000. The contractors want the clause reinstated. 