BWIHEB FOO A WITCH. STORY OE THE CRIME. A HORRIBLE AEFAIR. Eight men were recently sentenced to terms of imprisonment varying from six months to twenty years for the murder of a woman named Cooper, whom they burned tc death, under the delusion that thev vie re destroying a with. The fol lowing particulars of the cri mo are taken from ciicLoudon "‘Times”:— A shocking occurrence, recalling the bar barities practised in the Huddle Ages upon prisoners charged with witchcraft, has taken place at baity vadhon, a village situate on the elopes of Slievenamaa, in the county Tippe rary. It would be incredible if the account n>5 saix-.vtiiv.sl by the sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men and a woman are charged with causing the death of a woman 27 years of age, named Bridget Oleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing her, as she was suffering from nervous excite ment and mild bronchitis, to drink noxious potions prepared for her by u herbalist, aud then seizing her und roasting her under the supposition that she was a witoh. Her husband called on her to say, in the name of God, that she was not his wife. She was held over a fire to make Iter say this. These proceedings were repeated on the fol lowing uight, when the husband knocked her down, stripped off ail her clothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set fire to her with a burning stick from tho hearth. While she was burning to death there were present six of tho male prisoners and two women, all re latives of the deceased. Some of them re monstrated with tho husband, bnt did noth ing more. He told them that it was not his wife he was burning but a witoh, and that she would disappear up the chimney. During the process of tho protracted and terrible tortures described by a witness as having been inflicted on the unfortunate woman, some of tho party repeated the words, “ Como home, Bridget Boland” (the maiden naino of the victim), in the belief, ap parently, that they were doing what was necessary to bring back tho real Bridget Boland who had boen carried off by the “good people,” tlio fairies,and that ii was a super stitious counterfeit they were cruelly killing. The savago orgie3 were formed in the honse of the woman's father. The dead body of tho victim, with tho stomach burnt through, was found buried in a ditch after a week. The fallowing is taken from the evidence at the magisterial investigation at Clon William Simp3oc, a caretaker, stated that on the night of the tragedy he went to the house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met Mrs Bourke and hor daughter Kate. They went together to the house, aud on reaching it heard shouts, apparently in men's voices, oi “Take it, you old-, or I’ll kill you.” He eonld not seo in through tho window, hut the door opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. Colonel Evanson: Was there anything that led to the door being opened ? 1’he witneaa : They were obliged to open the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. Continuing his evidence, he said that he and the two women went in, and they heard shouts of “ Away she go; away Bhe go.” He then saw a number of men holding Mrs Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, James Keunedy and Wm. Kennedy. Mrs Ctoary'a husband was stand ing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked Mrs Cleary, “ Are you Bridget Boland, wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost? ” She eaid, in reply, “ Yes, I am." The question was repented sevoral times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. There were herbs iu the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into his wife’s month, and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, “Are you (he daughter of Pat Boland? Answer, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.” Sho did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once. Questioned as to what these people were ali in the house together, for wit ness said ho believed “ they were driving out the witch," und the door was open for the purpose.. When she would not answer the question some one, he believed John Bunn, said “Make down a good fire, and we’ll make her answer." There was a fire burning at this time in the kitchen. She was then carried in front of the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, WillianiJKennedy, and her husband, and was again asked the same questions. Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the time. The body was bsnt, and forced in on tho grate, and her itips rested on it. The other persons in the room made no sign of disapproval. Iu reply to her father, who* asked her, “ Are you the daughter of Pat rick Boland, wife of Michael Cleary ? An swer me in the name of God.” She said, “ I am, dada.” They were then satisfied they had tueir own. What do you mean by that ?—That they had Mrs Cleary, end not a witch. Then what had they got before?—They bolieved they, had a witch. They shook her when she was in tho bed, saying, “Away | with you. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God.” The same men took her oil the fire when she had answered satisfac torily. She was thon pat into bed, and they asked her questions, and sho reoognised all in the room. Some of those in the room then tried to console her. At 6 o’clock in the morning Cleary went for the priest. The Eev. C. P. Ryan was next examined, and stated that he attended the deoea3ed woman previous to her death, and gave her the last rites of the Church. On the Satur day following her death he saw Cleary, in the church in Drangan. He was behaving like a madman, tearing his hair,-and appeared to be suffering from remorse. He asked witness if he thought he would ever be forgiven. Dunn, who was along with Cloary, told witness that they had burned her to death and buried her, and that he had been asking Cleory all the morning to give .her Christian hnrial. Had he known there was any such thing as witchcraft or foul play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had communicated with the police, and told them to have tbnir eye on Cleary. Ou Tuesday Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witness William Simpson,generally confirmed his story. When the woman was oariied to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that “ A11 the ques tions should be answered before midnight,” which she understood to mean that the witch could not be driven away later than mid midnight. She saw nothing in reference to a hot poker, hat there was a mark as of a bum on the forohead of the deoessed. She knew where the ‘'fairy ring” was at dCylenagranagli Port, but was never there. She heard Cleary tell her nusbanil on the Sunday following the murder that hie wifo was at Kylenagranagh, that they would go for her, that aha would he on a grey horse, sad that they would have to Tit the corde that bound her oa the horse. She did not know .whether they went. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in tho strongest terms in Cloneen Chapel, and called upon those of his hearers who knsw anything of tho affair to communicate with e authori'.isi. 