Toctjmtwal FLOWER Show.—The Flower Show at Tocumwal was held under favorable circumstances yeuterday, und wai a pronounced success. The detailed results liave not yet come to hand, but will be published in our next issue. Aguictjltuual Society.—Farm ers and the public are reminded that the annual meeting of the Berrigan Agricultural and Horticultural Association -will be held this evening at 8 p.m. at the Federal Hotel; when the Balance Sheet will be submittal and new officers elected. Entries for tiie ; special prizes for farms close with, the Seor«3- tary ot the Aproo-ATji OiEice this evening. Det Weather.—The weather continues dry and warm, and a break is eagerly looked for by those farmers whose late crops are maturing too rapidly. The lieat ranges up to 90 degrees, which is unpleasant for the time of year; especially when aote'ompanied by dry Winds such as tare lately prevailed. Absent.—Owing to the absence of Mr J. Valentine, Presbyterian Minister, who is present at the opening cercmonies of the Corowa Church, there will be no afternoon service at Berrigan on Sunday next. Mr Valentine expects to be back in time to fulfil his engagements on the 10th inst. Death of Sib James Patterson.—Sir James Patterson, leader of the Opposition in the Victorian Legislative Assembly and the ex-premier of that colony, died on Wednesday evening. Sir James took part in the reception of Lord Brassey last Friday, but since then was obliged to take to his bed. Only during the last few days has his illness been thought serioui. Great regret will be experienced throughout the colony at the loss of one of its ablest statesmen. Postal Ibeb q-ulabities. — Complaints have reached us that our subscribers in the Tocumwal and Finley districts did not get their papers till late this week. We desire to point out that this office was in no way to blame in the matter; the papers were posted as usual by 3 a.m. on Friday morning, but but were not forwarded by the 7 a.m. mail to Tocumwal. They were also overlooked when making up the mailbag for Fiuley on Saturday, and consequently did not leave the Berrigan Post Office till Monday afternoon, when they were sent via Jerilderie. We were not even aware of the delinquency till yesterday, and iti justice to ourselves and employees make this explanation, and will endeavor to prevent a repetition of the occurreuce. Opbx-Axr CoyCEBT.—On Monday evening next, providing the weather keeps fine, the Berrigan Brass Band will hold an openair moonlight concert at the Green Hills. If the evening is bright and line, the innovation is likely to be highly appreciated, A collection will be made on behalf of the Band during the evening. Mr Sawlc, tlie Concertina artist, will play selections, and a few dances will be held after the Band's performance. SpooSs attd Spook- eaising.—The talented Spiritualist aud exposer of the Mellon ghosts, Mr Ernest Hosking, contemplat giving one of his Seances at Berrigan on the l.Mh inst. These uncanny exliibil ions are wonderfully clcyer, and Mr Hosking would draw like a magnet in Berrigan. Mail Tbotbbs Accepted.—The following tenders have been accepted for the conveyance of "mails in* this district:—Jerilderie and Berrigan, £37, W. Davidson. Berrigan and Mulwala, £47, W. Davidson. Berrigan and Cobram, £33 15s, W. Davidson. Berrigan nnii Corowa, £119, J. P. Kennedy. Berrigan and Fiuley, £43 10s; W. Davidson. Berrigan and Tocumwal, £37 10s, Jas. Burbury. Raebit-iktested Abea.—The provisions of tlie Babbit Act of 1890 relating to the comnul-ory destruction of the rodents by ers and occupiers, have been applied to a portion of this district. A proclamation in Friday^ Gazette sets forth "the duty of every owner and of any ©ccupier of any private hinds I* suppress and destroy br Ja w- ful means, and at his own cost, all rabbits which iriny from time fo time be upoTi' such laud* or upon any roads bounding «f interacting the some, or any part thereof, shall, on and from and after 1st November, 1895 be simultaneously commenced, continued and performed by every such occupier, and by every such owner of lands situated within thevboundaries ^jeeififed," which: arenas foiioWs:—That part of the colony of New Soiitli Wales, comprised within the parishes of Clcur Hill and Gunanibil, in the seunty of Ura»Hv ilia parishes of Warmatta, Coreen West and Wangamong, a bo portions 88, 89 SO, 91, 92, 97, 98 and 101 parish of Gereldeiy I and portion ^J^ishWansutaboCTa.fcountv re&o;^ia&a; astricitt o£5*». I w d 