COLLEGE JACK. tYNors's < i/.' /•/;/•' noes < •//. / ri'/iA'.s (Cnpvn rn-'fr.) />'// CJ/'T.I/.Y /., / ci /•; — > — < Ill the wild nnil crumby luctnresip-e region of till! cust const dt Vim 1 helium's luind, nt the foot of tho I'itigiil lbuiges mill on the Imnks of tlic llone\suclde Creek, is situated tilt! j'lfUf.illit huiiiestriV't of ,b>hn Ivhvinls one of the oldest mid most prosperous se!tiers in that country dm in;; the \t• kr ISI'.h The story opens on the night of tin- i f M.iv. Mrs. Kdwnnls and her three sons »IT nhsent, leaving Murv, tin ir only daughter, unil her father alone nt the homestead. In the evening about dusk jMiiry I'hlwiiril.s observes her fntlior home (it n furious pneo evidently under s:roug excitement. On dismounting ho hastily conveys to his daughter the at art liiitf intelligence th lit h notorious rliiuiieter, known as College •)ark, toget her w it h two other Hssignccl servants, who have heen work leg on a farm owned by the " Harrows" at Kuliiinuth, have escaped, taking to the hi'sli, after first attacking the homestead, limi del ing old .Mr. JJarrows and attempting the life of the son, I young Tom, who, by the way, is engaged i to Alary Kitwnriis. .During the night the tlnee outlaws make a most detei mined attack upon Kdwnrds's homestead, fatally wouiuiieg the old man in their first volh y. Mary heroically holds theiu at hay single handed and makes hei escape on horsehackmider coverof the darkness just as College Jack, whos." real name is Taileton. and his remaining companion, Jim Mi\ner, force an entrance hy breaking in the front dour. M arv reaches a pluco of safety and immediately returns accompanied by four of the neighhot ing aettlers only to (itut the hi mesti atl in tlami s. With ditliculty the tiro is extinguished and the remains of her father rescued. A few days after her father lias been laid to rest, the sad intelligence of the death of Mrs. Kdwards is brought by her brothei s, w ho at once form a strong party Boleniulv vledged to revenge the death of their parents. Headed by John Kdwards. who is supported bv a constable named Aliles (iritliu, a noted bushranger hunter, the paity follow the tracks of the fugitives for several days, through the rough and almost inaccessible fastnesses, in the diri et ion of Mount Nicholas. On reaching a chasm in the mountains the pursuers are suddenly attacked and a desperate encounter takes place in which Tom ]iarrows is slain on one side and M inner on the other. During the tight a strange apparition appears for a moment upon the rocks opposite Vekoning the brothers. To their horror and consternation they recognise in it the wellknown figure of their sister, Maiy, evidently in the power of College Jack. The pursuit is continued with renewed vigor leading in the direction of the sea coast, which is reached on the morning of the following <lny. From tti > summit of a high e.litl overlooking the ocean a Miinll boat i« observed making straight- out to re« in which is seated Tarleton anil Marv. The latter upon seeing them wavi s her hands and gives utterance to a strange, hysterical laugh As the boat disapnears in the closing darkness. The horrible snflerings expei ienceil by Mary Kdwards lias culminated in the loss of reason. In her madness she imagines Taileton to lie her lover and becomes a willing instrument in his hands. Kor three days and nights the outlaw desperately plies the oars ; the girl meanwhile sitting mutely with eves fixed upon him that puree )ii« inmost soul. At la-t he is driver to the verge of madness from thirst and the hoirors of the situation, and, si i/.ing his companion, he throws her overboard. At dawn of the fourth day he is rescued 1 y the " Juno,'' hound for Hobart Town and at once inlists the sympathies of the doctor, whom he ricognist s »s a fellow student, and the captain. 'J'liev .-outlive by a ruse to give the impression on board that the lesc.ued man, in a lit of delirium, jumps overboard the object, being to evade enquiries from the authorities as to his identity ; meanwhile the outlaw remains in the cabin. CUAITKR XII. " I low you must have suffered, Tarleton !" said Dr. Ransome, in a sympathetic tone. " Suffered ! Yes. Vet mv nipmy on the ocean, perishing with thirst with water all around--clyin» in a solitude which was awful, I tell you -amidst all that, my sufferings were not as "reat as during my bondage on the island. If I had my choice to-day I would take the former. I don't wonder now winconvicts commit suicide or some mottal crime in order to ^et hamied. If I have to give myself tip to the authori- ties and escape the scaffold, I will surely do one or the other—kill myself or someone else," said the convict in a lugubrious tone, calculated to inspire sympathy. The fact was John Taileton saw a chancc of permanently regaining his liberty. I lis friend, Dr. Ransome. strange to say, had a high opinion of him, and, notwithstanding the damning evidence which was adduced at his friend's murder trial, Ransome would not believe in his guilt. To the last he fought for him, and he was one of the influential friends who assisted to save him from the gallows. By trading on this genuine friendship and a liberal percentage of lies, the more than double-dyed murderer hoped to be able to leave not only Van I Heman's Land but the British Empire itself, and live in safety in some far off land. lie was throwing his last card, and if he lost it his life was to be the forfeit. " You want me to help you, of course,'' began the doctor, musinglv, "and you well know I will if it is possible. There is no doubt it will be a matter of the utmost difficulty. If it were not for the confounded gaping passengers I could easily see my way. They will talk about your rescue when Hobart Town is reached as if it were the enly incident which occurred on the voyage, and everyone will be striving to see you. Out of courtesy the officials could not be denied, though the public could—and yet it is the former whom you most fear. With a discreet crew there would not be so much trouble, especially if the captain worked with us, as he will, I am sure, in this case." " Do you think he will?" interrupted the outlaw, eagerly. " I am sure of it. Wetherall and I are old friends—and, besides, there is a chapter in the history of his family regarding transportation which will cause him to look with a friendly eye on you when I explain the position. But even with his aid how can the job be done. Can you not think of any way out of the trouble?" concluded Doctor Ransome. " I may in an hour or two. So far my brain has been in a whirl, and I could not put two thoughts together. Would it not be as well to speak to the captain first and tell him the truth ? Of course I did not tell him what were really the facts when he spoke. I didn't know then you were on the vessel. Will you tell him all, and perhaps he will have a plan, if he is willing to aid me in this awful plight ?" the fugitive answered. After a few minutes' reflection the doctor agreed it would be best to take the skipper into his confidence, and he undertook to tell him the whole story and give the convict's history as well. Eor that purpose he sought out Wetherall and soon plunged into the subject. The captain was stirpiised, though not astonished, for he had a linking suspicion of the truth. There was a chapter, too, in his own family history, as the doctor had said, which made him tolerant of escaped convicts. A favorite brother had gone wrong at least he was transported, and men were sometimes sent to penal seivitude wlc had do'.vj no wrong - and in an aitemp! to escape In: had been killed. It v-.uwhispered at the time that ( ' iptam Wetherall was not a'together unconcerned in the affair. When the medical orricer Had concluded his narrative the skipper said : " You can rely <m mr, Kansomc. If H is possible to aid your friend I will do so ; but how it can be done does not seem clear just at present. I'll be down in the cabin in an hour." At the appointed time the three men . met as agreed on, and they at once began discussing ,j u. ail(| nf t] ic knotty question. for a time none of them could decide on anything which would avail the fugitive. u There is no place at which I could drop yt u for a couple of weeks and pn k )ou up on the return. Tasman's Peninsula is the only point I go near, and that would be the last place on earth to put you—even if I were able to do so. 1 can depend on a portion of tin; crew at least, but the passengers and two or three of the hands I would not trust. I have been pestered with enquiries all day from the passengers about you. They are all anxious to see you, but I said ymi were not well enough to come on deck." " \\\ hen they speak to you again, captain," interrupted the doctor, say our patient is delirious. I will tell them the same, and they will not be so importunate to see him. That will be your best plan." u Yes. I wiil say that -and by th.ebye I have an idea which may work. l"ne thought of delirium has put it into my head. Our friend will have to be lost again," spoke Wetherall. _"I.ost!" interj.ctcd Ransome, excitedly. " Yes, don't you see ! In his delirium he must jump overboard during the night. There will be a deuce of a com- motion, and I'll make a pretext of saving him if the sea is not too rough. He must then remain a close prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us to Melbourne, or if not thereto Sydney where we can easily smuggle him onshore. In fact it must be done to-night as we will be at Hobart Town within twenty-four hours if all goes well," explained the captain. " How will it be worked, Wetherall ? Must there not be someone to give the alarm, and how can it be done? I don't quite, see my way in the matter," queried the doctor. u Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable object over and take care that one of the men hears the splash. I will run att and ask if there was not a splash, and ot course he will say yes. Then you ah, by-the-bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time, and just after the alarm, or when the man and myself are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is not in the cabin. ' Man overboard of course will be the cry. I will lower a boat if the sea is smooth enough, and the whole thing will be done. I suppose you have told ail enquirers, as I have, that the poor iellow we rescued came from the Tort I'hiliip district," remarked Captain Wetherall. " \ es. I must have given that information to a dozen or more, and everyone on board knows it by this time. It will throw off suspicion to a considerable extent no doubt, and the delirium story should complete it. You have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suppose we will have no difficulty in keeping Tarleton here without the fact being discovered ?" queried the doctor. " Why should we ? Only yourself and I will have access to the cabin, and every time we leave it we must lock the door and take the key with us. The matter of food can easily be arranged between us. I am master here and can do as I please. Besides, the confinement will not be irksome to a man who wants a long rest like our Iriend. It will do him good. At Hobart Town we may lie able to give him an occasional outing during ail evening, so that in four or five days from now lie can count on having a walk- by moonlight. Come on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the delirium ' business,' " added the captain in a gleeful way, for he felt quite interested in the work he was about to undertake. Indeed he considered it was a most meritorious act which, if not rewarded in this world, would be in the next. He had heard and seen so much in connection with the horrors of convictism that nothing would deter him from stretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if it came in his way to do it. Being a law-abiding man himself he would not make any direct attack on the "system," but, as in the present case, without seeking for the job, he was able to do a service for a bondsman, then he was just the person to depend upon. When the two men had left the cabin John Tarleton paced the floor, and there was a look of malignant triumph on his face. u What a blessing it was I didn't bring that mad girl along ! It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would be more than strange if we both jumped over the side of the vessel. Ha '. ha 1 the old skipper is a cute fellow and no mistake, though I should thank him for the interest he is displaying in me. And Tom Ransome, too, turned up trumps just as I expected. He was always a bit of a fool ; but he serves my purpose. I will try and induce the captain to land me at Melbourne. I don't like the idea of Sydney. I know too much about convicts and their careers there. He'll be able to get enough cargo for I'ort Phillip—and besides it will shorten my imprisonment by a week or two. That is aconsidera tion. I wonder what they will say if they make enquiries and find out what lack Tarleton has really done ? Well," and the fellow sat down and mused, "they will not be able to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resurrect me. I have them any way they turn, and after to-night the}' must stick to me through thick and thin. I'll not be ungrateful at all events. What luck I had, to be sure, to fall in with this vessel ! Never dreamt Tom Ransome was at this side of the earth at all. He must have come out immediately after I did. There was a little difference though in our mode of coming. It's all in a lifetime, I suppose." In this way the convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings b-.-ing only broken by the entrance of the captain or the doctor. The latter came frequently, tor it was understood Ids patient was in a lever and deiiiiou-, so he required close attention. When night fell the ship was ju-t rounding, Ta--man's Peninsula and tin* 1 (u ab ceo. I lie captain Stood I los,.- in to the small island at the mth ol Cape Pillar. Had it bet n da\light he would have ventured between tin' t.vo, but with a sailing ve:-sei and in the gloom of night the passage was too rirky, < specially as there was no ;icat reason p. i'hc guant outlines of Cape Pillar could be seen to the north-west as the sun went down, and the rugged island lay just abeam. By eleven'o'clock the skipper thought they would be well under the shelter of the headland, and about that time he would make the attempt to figuratively kill his guest. As the night advanced a slight mist settled over the sea, and this soon drove the passengers below. The weather was becoming thick and soon an intense darkn ess settled upon the ocean. "It is all the better," he told the doctor, in confidence, "as it will prevent all the trouble and danger of launching a boat to attempt rescue. I would not order one to be lowered on a night like this, and if I did the men would refuse to man it, and rightly, too." It the night had been clear and bright it would have been his duty to lower a boat in the event of a man falling or jumping overboard, but in bad weather he would not do so. Besides, in the case of the stranger whom he had just rescued, he would not be justified in jeopardising the lives of his crew in the endeavor to save a madman. So he argued, and it made his position more easy. Dr. Ransome was in the cabin talking to his patient shortly after eleven o'clock, when he heard two distinct knocks over head and he knew their import, doing out he locked the cabin door, and, running up the ladder, was at Captain Wethcrall's side in less than a minute. " My unfortunate patient is not in the cabin, captain. I left him for a few minutes just now and when I returned he was gone. Will you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mind he may harm himself 1" he cried. "Missing!" exclaimed the captain. " Then we are not mistaken, Bill. That splash we heard meant a man overboard. (live the alarm! Ho! all hands here!" and Wetherall gave a stentorian shout which brought the second officer and half-a-dozen seamen, in addition to a couple of hardy passengers, who were braving the weather, to his side. " There is a man overboard, lads, but I don't like to onier you to man a boat. Will any volunteer fox the duty?" " Who is it ?"' came the query. " The poor fellow we picked up yesterday. In his delirium he escaped from the cabin and jumped overboard. Hill and I heard a splash, but we could not make out what it meant until the doctor came up and told us the man was missing," glibly answered the captain. " ^ ell, sir. I'd volunteer in a moment it I thought it was any use, but on a night like this there wouldn't be the ghost of a chance of saving the man and very likely we might get lost, too," returned one of the sailors. His opinion was echoed by the others, and the second mate also urged the futility of attempting a rescue. "We are making good way, sir, and he must be a long way astern by this time," he remarked. " Well, understand I didn't think of ordering you to lower a boat, for on such a night as this I wouldn't do so. If any pleased to volunteer and try a rescue I would not have stood in the way, though it is most improbable you would have succeeded. Perhaps it is as well the poor fellow is gone as the doctor says he might never regain his right senses again," returned the skipper in a solemn tone. He would have been mad to the latest day of his life, and, unless he was watched night and day unremittingly, his life would have been a short one as he had most pronounced suicidal tendencies. I didn't leave him for five minutes this evening but once, and that was when he escaped. A life of that sort would not be a pleasant existence, and could only be spent in a lunatic asylum. As the captain says, it may be a merciful release after all," added the doctor. It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable gentlemen like Ransome and Wetherall could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a ruffian like Tarleton. True they did not know the full extent of his iniquities, and that must be their excuse for the sins of commission of which they were guilty. After all they sinned with a good intention, and Hades was richer by several slabs in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, "Juno," was heading towards the northwest and entering Storm Bay on the run to the Derwent. Small groups of passengers and sailors discussed the tragedy of the previous night, and there were not a few who avowed they saw suicide stamped on the lost man's face when he was drawn up out of the crazy boat in which he was found. "The seal of death was upon him," remarked one superstitious woman, devoutlycrossing herself, " and when you see that it is only a matter of a few days when the spirit goes." She did not take the trouble to explain what the "seal of death" was, or how it could be recognised, but that was only a trifling omission not worth bothering about. Nearly everyone on board were immensely wise after the event, and it appeared they had all foredoomed the rescued man to an early and violent death. The captain and the doctor went amongst the passengers and gossiped with them regarding the sad event, and soon John Tarleton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship was as dead as Julius Caesar. Quite a squabble, indeed, took place between a couple of passengers as to whether or not he was devoured by a shark within a certain time of the jumping overboard, and the captain was called on to decide the matter, which he did to the satisfaction of the man who contended he must have been eaten by a shark. The skipper was of the same opinion, for he explained that the suicide, being almost naked when he went over the side, would quickly attract a man-eater. " A white body always does, and there are plenty of big sharks around Tasman's Peninsula," he concluded. Thus satisfactorily was John Tarleton disposed of. He was not only dead but eaten, and until the great day when the last trump shall sound he would be as nothing. Meanwhile the subjjet of all this ghastly gossip enjoyed himself in the captain's cabin. He really felt life was worth living, for being dead in the abstract lent an added charm to being alive m the concrete. All his debts for instance, both monetary and otherwise, must be wiped out now that he had disappeared in the waters of the Southern Ocean, and to a man with such a load of sin and crime on his shoulders it was pleasing to think he could not be called on to pay the debt, C J 12 (To DL CQ.N'I'I.S'ULD.) 