NOTES & COMMENTS. The Week of Prayer. We are looking and hop ing for great things m connectioa with the prayers of the Church. During this present week many prayers will ascend in public and in private for blessing to rest upon our Churches in this colony. We are glad to know that the old spirit of belief in the efficacy of ^ prayer for both temporal and spiritual blessing is not dead' amongst us. But what we want moat of all is an abundant outflow of Divine blessing on the spiritual life of the Church. Life begins within, and the Church must have life within itself before it can make itself felt as a saving power, acting on the world without. There is scarcely a channel in which human energy is flow ing that does not need purifying. And ..in the Church itself, how much do we need the purifying fires of Pentecost. . And one of the results of prayer, that is of real honest supplication and humilia tion before G-od, is the revelation of need. It is the hungry who seek for food, and the thirsty who cry for drink. And now as ever Grod filleth the hungry with good things, but the rich He sends empty away. Earnest prayer means the destruction of self-satisf action. Oue Christian doctrine of Re- incarna- re-incarnation is widely tion. different from that of :' the Theosophists. And yet we have a doctrine of the reincar nation of Christ in His people. ' I live, ' yet not I, but Christ liveth in me.' That is the Apostolic doctrine of a liv ing Christianity. We read the other day a story which almost seems too good to be true ; but it affords a capital illustration An inspector, examining a large school of deaf and dumb children, wrote on the blackboard, 'Who made you?' One of the lads wrote the answer, '?' Without Him was not any thing made that was made.' 'Upon what do you count for everlasting sal vation ? ' The lad wrote, ' This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all ac ceptation, that Jesus Christ died to save sinners.' Again the inspector wrote, ' But if G-od loves you, why does He permit you to be born deaf and dumb, when your friends can speak and hear Tound about you ? ' And the poor deaf mute wrote, ' Even so, Father, for bo it seemeth good in Thy sight.' And in that reply there was there-incarnation of the Christ of Gethsemane. We hope that our week of prayer will help to re incarnate Christ in our Churches. ' Oar wills are ours, we know not how, Oar wills are ours, to make them Thine.' Many years ago, when The Pope's j)r- puaey published his Letter. Eirenicon, pleading for the union of the three great Churches — the Latin, Greek, and English, he was regarded as an enthu siast, whose propositions provoked an incredulous smile. Union was not then in the air ; its ideas had not been dif fused by the press, and explained and enforced on the platform ; consequently, Dr. Pusey's appeal fell flat, and met with no response from any of the Churches. Since those days things have wonderfully changed, and we have become so familiar with the idea of the Union of the Churches, that the ' Apostolic Letter of Pope Leo. XIII. to the English People,' which was given at St. Peter's, Eome, in April last, scarcely comes as a surprise. 5Tet it is wonderful, that instead of anathemas, and excommunications, His Holiness should use honeyed words to woo, and if possible to win, the stiff-necked race represented by the English people. And it is again equally wonderful that the Times should devote over three columns of its space to publish the authorised translation of the Pope's letter. Fair play is a jewel, and as it is one of the characteristics of the English people, His Holiuess will have abund ant opportunity to publish his love letters, and make known to the world with what a loving heart he ' turns to all in England, to whatever community or institution thuy may belong, de&bfci;,' to recall them to this holy unity.' But the great question is, as to whether the birds will come when they are 'whistled to. We rather fancy that they are too wary, having, with very few exceptions, been trained the other way. We are likewise informed that His Holiness finally Mariolatry. grants to all who piously recite the appended prayer to the Virgin an indul gence of 300 days:— 'To the Blessed Virgin. Prayer for England. — 0 Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of Grod and our most gentle Queen and Mother, look down in mercy upon England, thy ' Dowry,' and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee- By thee it was that Jesus our Saviour and our hope was given unto the world ; au«l He has given . thee to us that we might hope still more. Plead for us thy children, whom thou didst receive and accept at the foot of the Cross. O sorrowful Mother! intercede for our separated brethren, that with us iu the one irue fold they may be united to the Supreme Shepherd, the Vicar of thy Son. Pray for us all, dear Mother, that by faith fruitful in good works we may all de serve to see and praise God, together with thee, in our heavenly home. Amen.' But one of the great stum bling blocks in the way of Union would be this very thing, for the English people generally do not pray to the Virgin Mary. On the contrary, whilst they believe the mother of our Lord to have been the most favoured among women, they neither pray to her, nor offer her Divine honours. They cor dially give unto her the first place among women, but at the same time many well informed English people have an idea that to pray to a dead woman, however excellent she may have been in her life, is at once vain and foolish. Is she omnipresent, that at one and the same time she can hear prayers ad dressed to her in every part of the globe ? Protestants don't pray to dead men, or to dead women either ; and in praying to Christ they pray to One who is alive for evermore, and who is the one Mediator between Grod and man. The A uckland corres A pondent of the S. M. Misrepre- Herald has the following sentation. paragraph in last Friday's issue. Writing of Tongan affairs, ho says : ' The German Trading Company at Tonga, from whom Mr. Baker when Premier obtained a loan, which he advanced to the natives, who paid it into the missionary collections, and which were subsequently forwarded to the headquarters of the Wesleyan Church, Sydney, is seeking to make the Tongan Government responsible for its repayment, and it is reported that a German gunboat will be Bent to Tonga to support the claim.' This was news to us, for we never heard of these or of any other Tongan monies being for warded to the head quarters of the Wesleyan Church in Sydney. The writer was either very ignorant, or he was inspired to write a paragraph like that. And even then, & very little trouble taken to enquire into the affairs of our Church in Tonga would have prevented him making such a gross mis-statement. The fact is that Tonga ia not even a mission station, and the Board of Missions in Sydney has nothing to do with the management of the affairs of our Church there. It is largely managed by Tongans for Tonga, and two native representatives sat in our last Conference to guard their own affairs, and they can raise and spend their own money in the same way as r.'uy- Church cr district in the colony can. We are glad that the Herald sent an interviewer to the Centenary Hall, and that Mr. Bavin speedily en lightened him as to the actual state of affairs iu Tonga. Dr. Salmon, the Provost The of Trinity College, Dub Bpworth ]jnj wh0 i8 an author and Ghost. scholar of great repute, recently gave a lecture in the Alexandra College on ' The dis turbances in the Epworth Parsonage.' The Epworth ghost has already become historic, so that it is almost impossible to read any history of the early life of the Wesleys without hearing about old Jeffrey. Dr. Salmon seeks to account for these various disturbances on purely natural grounds. He had studied the subject, and having considered the possibility of the noises being .made by the servants, and come to the conclu sion that such was not likely, his suspicions were next directed to the young ladies. It struck him as remark able that they had got no letter on the subject from Hetty Wesley, a girl who was the readiest with the peri. He found it hard to imagine that her brother Samuel should not have kept her letter if she had written one to him. The other letters evinced thorough belief on the part of the writers in the spiritual character of the occurrences. It appeared also that Hetty's elder sister was very much astonished at the bravery shown, by Hetty, while the others were terrified by the rapping. And there were other matters also which led him (Dr. Salmon) to the con elusion that it was Hetty who. was re sponsible for producing these dis turbances. So after all these years have passed without a breath of sus picion attaching itself to any of Mr. Wesley's' sisters, the mischief is at last saddled upon poor Hetty Wesley. But Dr. Salmon's theory Dr. Salmon's has not been allowed to Theory- go without challenge. A correspondent of the Christian Advocate (Belfast) who heard the lecture criticises the Provost's ex planation. The facts were. there un challenged, but what about the explana tion ? The idea of the supernatural was discarded by Dr. Salmon, notwith standing Mr. Isaac Taylor's opinioa in favour of that idea. Where, thenr was he to seek for the natural cause ? Was the secret hidden for over 170 years about to be discovered ? In palming the deception upon Hetty Wesley, the writer exclaims, Oh, most lame and impotent conclusion : *' A girl of 19, without any mechanical con trivances especially designed for the purpose, and without auy confederate, to be able to carry on for two months such a varied series of surprising tricks, imposing not only upon timid sisters, but upon the clear-headed and strong minded father and mother 1 Believe it who can ! Dr. Salmon had many young ladies before him, probably equally 'gay and sprightly ' with Hetty Wesley, but will any man in his senses say that any one of them could with success, and without detection, get up for a single day an imitation of the disturbances in the Bp worth Parsonage? Either Hetty Wesley was an amateur conjuror of such ingenuity and Buch fertility of resources as might make Mr. Maskelyne envious, or her father and mother were about as stupid a pair of grown-up children as were ever imposed upon by a weak pretence of magic.' And then comes in the moral difficulty of wilful and continuous deception. So that Dr. Salmon's explanation leaves the diffi culty just about where it was before. 