[?] & A Syc^ey Stor/ m-af To-A\PJ^o y?, By HENRY FLETCHER (Herb. Fletch) (FOE 'THE SUNDAY TIMES.') I CHAP. II.— LOYE IN THE TRAM. Leaving the loungers of the Belmore Coffee Palace to wonder open-mouthed .at the mystery that' confronted them, let us go baek a little in the history of the lady who is now incoherently relating her misfor tnnes to Sergeant Hobbs. ? j Six months before the events related, Sophy Larkin, shopwoman in the ' mantle department of Messrs. Greg and Grogson, was returning homo after her day's work to Newtown by the tram-._ She was hardly seated in the car when she noticed opposite to her a young man very nice looking and still, better dressed-^-quite a ' block ' young man, in fsicti. ? Naturally, Sophv did thef butterfly trick 'with her eyes, drew in' her lips so that her rather large mouth looked smaller, un fastened her gloves and put them on again, her hands being small and shapely. Also she tapped her small feet with her sun shade. These and a dozen other little things she did, as in duty bound. The gentleman was not insensible to these little wiles. Besides, Sophy was a fine girl, and had a shapely figure — as girls in mantle departments mostly have, a good back being so handy to display goods to customers on. He asked her the time, where the tram stopped, had she 'been to see the play, and a hundred other ,?ike questions. So that when Sophy finally alighted it was the most natural thing in the world that the stranger should alight too. And when he walked by her side she forgot to protest, nor was her pace very hurried, or her route the most direct that she took to her home. It followed in quite an every-day manner that she met the pleasant stranger again and half-a-dozen times, and as she knew next to nothing about him, and he about her, it was the most natural thing in the world that they should be engaged to be married. For there is no obstacle so detrimental to the marriage ceremony as a tolerable acquaintance with each other by man and woman. 'When Sophy got her engagement ring ;»he walked to business three inches taller. It was not so much delight at her own prospects as the joyous anticipations she indulged in of the jealousy of her com rades. How heavenly sweet to be able to ? ?whisper to every girl in her department by turns, 'Mind, it's a secret; don't tell anybody else for the world. I'm engaged, and he gave me this ring ! Isn't it just lovely?' ' And who is he ?' enquired Sarah Green, Sophy's latest-date bosom friend, as they knelt together over a box of furs hunting for possible moths. ' Who is he, and 'what is he like ?' ' Mind you don't breathe it to a living soul.' 'Of course I won't; you know me better.' ' Mr. — Robert — Hants, K.G.' ' Really, now I You don't say so ! And what is a K.G.? It is something grand, I'm sure.' ' That is what I asked Robert,' replied Sophy, simply, and he told me it meant 'Kommercial Gent.' You know he is a traveller for Tall Hatte and Co., York street.' A little of the gloss of her capture was taken off by this revelation. Nevertheless, lier ring being very pretty and valuable, Sophy triumphed all the same. The marriage took place very speedily, and will'be found duly recorded under the heading, ' Society Gossip,' in the New town Akgus. The happy pair wont to Melbourne for a fortnight, and then Btarted housekeeping on their own ac count in Darlington. They had hardly settled down when Mr. Hants had to go away for a week ; this was fol lowed by a week of home life, then an absence of a fortnight, and so on for several months, the absences gradually getting longer and the home-stopping shorter. Mrs. .Hants louna nerseii a married, ?woman right enough ; but a fragmentary sort of one — an intermittent, spasmodically married woman so to speak. A species of matrimony by instalments or time payment. ' I wish, lovey,' she said to Robert one day, ' you had not to go away so often. If you could only find employment in town it ?would be so much nicer.' 'Do you really think so much of me, So. ? I should have thought now it was a i pleasant change to get rid of me for a ?while.' 'How do you dare to say so, Robert! You know I love you better than all the world. I am just miserable when you leave me till you come home again. Do try now, there's a love, and see what you can do.' ' I will go down town, So., and see the boss. Perhaps I can talk him over to taking me into the house or giving me the city 'round.' Sophy followed him to the door, hung on Ms neck before she let him go, and then stood watching him from the steps till he had disappeared in a bend in the road. ' We shall see,' said Mr. Hants to him self as he walked briskly to the tram, ' ?what this, fidelity, is worth. She is a very fair sample, I take it, of the average woman. Let us see how the average woman pans out.' Arrived in town, Mr. Hants, instead of going to York-street as he had stated, turned up George-street till he came to the entrance of one of the large arcades. Here he took the stairway leading to the offices above. At the door of one of these offices he took a key from his pocket, turned it in the lock, opened the door and went in. Ten minutes later a gentleman emerged from the same doorway and carefully locked it after himself, but the most critical scrutiny would not have recognised ? a resemblance between him and the gentle man \^ho had just entered. This man was smooth-faced, boyish-looking, his hair and eyebrows a different shade. He appeared narrower in build, perhaps the effect of differently made 'clothing. His carriage and walk differed, and later, when he came to speak, there was quite another tone of voice. This gentleman retraced the steps of Mr. Hants, and an hour after that person's de parture knocked at his door in Darlington. ' Is Mr. Hants at home ?' 'No,' said Sophy, who had answered the summons, 'but I expect him back every minute. Is it anytliiug particular ?' ' Perhaps you are Mrs. Hants ? I am his cousin, Cecil Finly, and I wish to see him.' *'Oh! come in and sit down. I never heard Robert speak of you, but then I know so little of his relations.' Sophy had a sitting-room in her small house sacred to the reception of visitors. It was shiny with new furniture, gaudy with a bright carpet, and made uncomfort able for all ordinary use by a litter of knick-knacks and odds and ends of decora tion. The chief use of this room at this period of her life was that it occupied her time in keeping it dusted. ? It was to this holy of holies that Sophy conducted Mr. Finly. ' What a delightfully pretty room !' said that gentleman, looking about him with an air of admiration. ' You must be very . happy here.'- 'Oh! it's pretty fair,' said Sophy, deprecatingly,- 'but a. house is a great worry, arid then Robert is away so often.' 'If I was Mr. Hants I don't think I should be away often. : Wild horses and tram-motors would1 not dtag me from a home like this,', said Cecil, meaningly, as he looked Sophy fulLih the face. . 'You are trying to flatter, I see; but Robert has to' attend to his business, arid that takes him away. Only now he has gone to . see if the firm will not give him something to do in town.' ' And you have to live here all by your self while ho is flying over the country ? He is a commercial traveller, I think ?' 'Yes, he travels f Or Tall Hatte and Co.' ' ' If I had a pretty wife I should be afraid to leave her alone for weeks together.' ' You are single, -then, -Mr. Finly ?' 'Yes. I have never met my ideal yet, or, rathei*, I should say, ;I have never met my ideal free and unencumbered. What is the good of meeting her if she is married to someone else— your cousin, for in stance?' Sophy did ;not; return an answer to a. question so meaningly put ; she laughed, . . got up and walked about the room, then to the window to see if Robert was coming. ' Do you play the piano ?' asked Cecil, going to that. 'instrument aud opening it. ' I do love music.' ' Just a little,' said Sophy. ' I am only learning.' 'Oh, do play. Iam sure you have got the hands for playing.' After many protests, and as Robert did not come and' his cousin had to be enter tained, Sophy sat down on ' the stool and strummed out a few . simple pieces. This was followed by a song, then several other songs, in her amateurish but not unmusical voice. But Mr. .Finly was blind to all defects ; he applauded with a spontaneous enthusiasm that made Sophy feel that up till then her talents had never been fully appreciated. Still Robert did not come, and this pair were so full of talk and mutual confidences that ' that gentleman was almost for gotten. Teatime came, and Mr. Finly would insist on his cousinly right of helping Sophy to get the meal ready, and laid on the table. He made quite a jolly picnic of the proceeding. Places were laid for three, but only two partook of that repast, Cecil by his patter keeping Sophy in a bubble of glee all the time. Darkness came at last; still no Robert, and Mr. Finly decided to go, Sophy seeing him to tho door, expressing' innumerable, regrets at the non-return of Mr. Hants. She did not hurry him away, nor did she resist so very violently when he asserted his cousinly right of kissing her good-bye. Mr. Finly left the house smiling a sar donic smile to himself. 'I thought as much,' he said as he jumped on the passing tram and was whirled Sydneywards. 'They are all alike if they get the chance.' He was speedily at the arcade, mounted two steps at a time the stairs he had de scended a few hours previously, entered the same room, and a quarter of an hour ' later Mr. Hants appeared m the passage,' locked the door again, and departed. When he returned home he found Sophy radiant with a mild excitement. 'Why did you not come before, dear ?' Your cousin Cecil Finly has been waiting to see you I don't know how long. I ex-' pected you every minute, and did not like to send hiiri away ; but really, I did not know what to do with him.' ' Was ho such a trouble to you then, Sophy ? He. is always thought to be rather a ladies' man.' 'He may be nice, enough for other people, but I want no one but you, Robert, to be amiable to me. And, of course, I had to entertain him ; and there he sat, wait ing, and waiting, and waiting ; I really did not know what to do.' So Sophy rattled on, telling Robert many of the things his cousin Cecil had said, but she did not mention his compli ments to herself, nor did she breathe a word of how he had put his arm round her waist at parting and kissed her good-bye. The following day Mr. Finly called again, and, by a strange coincidence, Robert was again absent. As he had saluted Sophy on leaving her the previous night, it was only cousinly that he should greet her in the same way, and as the time was long waiting for Mr. Hants to return, nothing could be more natural than that he should console Sophy and himself by kissing her again at odd moments. 'I do not think Robert would like it,' protested Sophy when she had been kissed about half ? -a ? dozen times; 'perhaps you had better not wait any longer.' 'Oh, that's all right. Robert is not a jealous sort of man, I'm sure; and, be sides, you need not tell him I called if I do not meet him to-day. I shall be almost glad if I do npt see him.' ' Why is that?' 'Because, if Robert is not of a jealous nature I am.' ' You are stupid ! I'm sure I don't know what you mean,' replied' Sophy, moving about the room briskly with a sparkle in her eye; but not so quickly as to prevent Cecil catching her and explaining in an oscuiutory manner his meaning with greater directness. When Mr. Hants returned that evening he came with bad news. ' I have got to go another journey, So. Right away in the backblocks. I may be absent about a month. It's pretty rough, but beggars must not be choosers. I sup pose that cousin of mine did not call again ?' ' No, he didn't, I'm glad to say,' said Sophy, looking straight in her husband's eyes. ' But this is horrible, dear, you having to go so long.' Could you not take me with you ? You cannot think how lone some it is when you are away. You will find me dead some day when you come home.' 'Do you love me as much as that ?' ' You can't imagine how much I dote on you, lovey ! You are the sweetest, dearest, darlingist, darling that ever was!' And she nestled up to him, kissed him, patted his face, pulled his hair with little tugs, I bit his neck with little bites, and smoothed ' him, cooed over him, like a mother over a ' petted child. ! Mr. Hants muttered under his voice to j himself :? j ' If husbands only knew its advantages they would all find a cousin for their wives. It makes them so much more charming — particularly to the cousins.' ' What are you saying, deary ?' 'That you are the most faithful, de voted little woman that ever breathed, and the man who would not trust you deserves to be kicked.' Early in the morning Mr. Hants departed, though Sophy sobbing on his neck would hardly let him go. ' Now, mind you, write every day, ; Robert, and I shall kiss your photo morn- j ing, noon, and night till you come back. Kiss me again, darling ! Good-bye, good bye, good-bye !' He was gone, she sobbed, even as she closed the door. Then with slow steps she mounted to her room. The sight of her swollen eyes in the mirror arrested her weeping. 'What a sight she looked!' Then, with tho greatest care, she went through the details of her toilet, and when a few hours later she opened the dosr to Mr. Finly her face was gracious with smiles and pearl powder. ' I really think, Cecil ' — she called him Cecil already — 'you had better not call again till Robert comes back. He has gone on a journey that may last a month.' ' And left you here all by yourself, the brute ! Why did lie not take you with him ? But as I have only a short time in Sydney, perhaps I ought to thank aud not blame him for leaving you behind. Why you will mope to death here all by your self. Come out with me and we will go„ to the Gardens. There is : no harm in that, surely ?' Sophy went to the gardens, and after the gardens to a restaurant, where the very nicest little dinner was ordered for two, which being finished, they were just in time for seats at the Comic Opera, then playing, and the entertainment finished, Sophy could hardly go home by herself, and when they got to the silent house in Darlington, Sophy could not suppress the dread she always felt, when left in the house, alone at, night, of those horrid rats. So Cecil stopped. The following day was only a variation of the first. And when a week had passed Cecil was fairly domiciled as Sophy'8 rat scarer in chief. Sophy now loved Cecil with a warmth and ardor she had never shown even in her most abandoned moments to Mr. Hants. Perhaps the feeling of illegality gave a bouquet to a kiss that an authorised salute' could not convey ; perhaps Cecil was more attentive than Robert had ever been ; perhaps — but why bother finding reasons for a woman's actions when she cannot find them for herrelf ? Cecil was seated at the tea-table, Sophy on his knee, and they were eating from the same plate, drinking from the same cup. Male reader, have you ever had a pretty woman sitting on your lap taking alternate bites with you from a slice of bread and butter — bite, bite, bite, till nothing is left between her rosy lips, and yours but on a buttered crumb ? It's.not half bad, is it? Two pair of lips struggled to get the crumb, and somehow it was lost, and the lips had to mutually apologise. '?I fancy sometimes, darling,' — Sophy called him ' darling ' now — that you look like Robert ; you have the same eyes, you speak alike sometimes, and there are moments when your look almost frightens me. I fancy ^ou are Robert, and I tremble all over.' ' I am his cousin, and we were brought up together. It would be strange if there was not some resemblance ; but I fancied you liked me a little the best. I suppose, though, I shall have to take a back seat when Robert comes home ?' ' How can you say such dreadful things ? You know I never really loved anyone but you. Robert is all very well, of course, but now I dread his coming back. Oh, darling, do not leave me ! You are the sweetest, dearest, darlingist boy in all the world !' Cecil thought he had heard something like that before ; but he did not say so. Peace was restored with another slice of bread and butter, another crumb was lost between struggling lips, and so the game went on till the loaf had lost all semblance to its former proportions. Nevertheless, the ghost of Mr. Hants was an impalpable barrier between the lovers. There were times when Sophy sobbed, and though Cecil wiped the tears away he began to weary of this devotion to his predecessor. ' I dare say Robert is having a fine old time of it, if we could only see him,' said Mr. Finly. ' Those commercial men have a wife in every town, and I never heard that Robert was made of alabaster.' ' I'm sure he wouldn't ! How dare you say so ? He is devoted to me, poor fellow. If I only thought he looked at another woman, I'd — I'd ? ' _ ... 'Well, what?' ' Scratch his eyes out !' exclaimed Sophy, with animation. ' But suppose he met a cousin of yours, a nice girl almost as pretty as you ?' ' That's very cruel and nasty of you to say such a thing, I know what you mean, and I'll never, never speak to you again ! ' ' Well, good-bye. I suppose that means that I must go,' said Cecil, taking up his hat. ' I thought you cared for me a little bit.' He turned to the door. Her arms were round his neck before he he had gone three paces. ' You old goose ! As though I meant it. You want to drive me mad. Now sit down like a good boy, or I will kiss you to death.' In this way the little breeze blew over ; but later in the day, in the seclusion of the arcade office, Mr. Finly wrote a certain letter in a back-hand style of writing, and the envelope it was placed in was direoted to ' Mrs. R. HANTS, Darlington.' ' When he called on Sophy next day, she was in a fury of grief and despair. : ' Read that, read that ! ' she said, hand ing him an open letter. Mr. Finly took the sheet of paper, and read it over. 'To Mrs. Hants,— This is to inform you that your so-called husband is a fraud. He is not, and never was, employed by Messrs. Tall Hatte and Co., York-street. He does not travel in the country. If you want to know more about him call and eoejhim, to-day at tbe Belmore Coffee Falaoe, George-street, about 2 o'clock. You will find him there as an old boarder. A Friend.' ' What do you think of it, Cecil ? Isn't it shameful for people to write such things ? I'm sure there is not a word of truth in it ! But what a villain of that Robert to go and tell a poor girl all those lies, to protend he was in the country, and leave me here all alone. I'll have the law of him. I will ! No doubt he has got another wife, and me devoted to him like a silly fool ! Let me only see her ! I'll not leave a hair in her head. The hussy ! What shall I do ? What shall I do ?' ' It's all a pack of lies, no doubt ; but you may. as well go the Coffee Palace, as the letter tells you, and find out if there is any truth in it.' ' No, I declare I won't go. I'll not demean myself to go hunting after him. If he leaves me, he can leave. Good riddance, I say, to bad rubbish. But who would have thought it of him ! If I was only sure it was true, I would follow him to the end of the world to— to — scratch his deceitful face!' Excusing himself, Mr. Finly hurried away, promising to call again in the even ing. '?She'll go right enough,' he said to him self, as he hurried town wards. ' I'll bury the bogie of Mr. Hants — may his soul rest in peace !' These, briefly stated, are the causes that led to Mrs. Hants visiting the Coffee Palace and being a spectator to the unpacking of the trunk by Sergeant Hobbs. (To be Continued. ) BITE FOE BITE. 