THE MYSTERY AT LYNDON CHASE. I. The dark December days of 18- were fast drawing to a close, when, in reaposiee to a briefly-worded statement tliat he would take no refusal, from my oouaia, Si? John, or, as ho was usually styled among hia friends, Jaok Lyadou, I came down from town to join the Christmas pasty at Lyndon Chase. Some five years of the ohangea and ehancea which beset the career of a pri v*te secretary had paaaed sinoe my last Chrietmaa at Lyndon i and some ohanges had visited the old place, too, My unolo, Sir Philip Lyndon, was dead, and hia eldest aon, Ralph, was taking hia last long aleep in the sombre depths of an Afrioan forest A wild, hot-temporod, spendthrift fellow had been this Ralph Lyndon, given to gambling a little and fast living generally, and I had always believed his father had no very great affection for him, However that might have been, on the very day that he came of age, the lad went upatair? after a stormy Eceno in tho library, packed hia portmanteau and ordered the dog.cart round, vowing he would never set foot in tho house again while his father lived ; and tho vow was kept faithfully enough. Yet, perhaps, if Si? Philip's anger had been less bitterly contemptuous, soma tied of reconciliation might have followed There was always much to work tip on ia the very sisoag aud tender attachment be tween Ralph and hia brother, Jaok was a .mere boy of thirteen at tho fame of the bitter quarrel of hia father and older bto ther, bnt he was old enough to fael the consequent separation keenly, and for a long time refasod to be comforted. But as too years of Ralph's self-imposed 6xile wore on, he grow mora reaonoiled; parhapB forgot a littlo; while ho wns studiously taught to regard hia brother as the pro digal eon, and one, moreover, for whom there was no place of repentance. Sime years later nowa had come of Ralph's death, and now, at the time of my story, hia younger brother reigned in hie ?toad, and was keeping up one of the tradi tions of the House of Lyndon in the Christmas party of uncles, aunta, and cou sins of every degree. He was a handsome, Bnnny-tomparad, open-hearted fallow, my oouein Jack, always eeady to lend yon hia horses, dnga, end guns, and to put his same to a bill, or square an aooountjwith pleoBaut filaority. I found the house at Lyndon full to overflowing-a me?r£ party ovot which Lady Lyndon, Jick s stepmother, presided with somewhat stern and unbending sway. I received the heartiest of welcomes from Jack, and waB speedily taken into his con fidence on every oonoeivabla subject, from the eraation of new cottages in tho park dow* to the docking of hia terrier's tail. " To tajl the truth, old fallow, I'm no. commonly glad to get a holiday just now," ha said to mo as we louaged together over my dressing-room fira. " My agest, Hen derson, is a capital fellow: nnaagoa the estate, a«d me, too, admirably j but some how he makes mo work confounded ? hard, won't allow me either time or money for any dissipation; he's been with ma Ave yeara now. I don't mind telling you that affairs were in rather a mess when I came into the estate, what with poor Balph'a gambling debts and my father's experi mental high farming. Henderson haa nearly succeeded in patting them straight; made me out down all my expanses; give up the training stables and betting-book, Why, I have to consult him first if I only J want to buy a new hunter; 'pon my honor I hare." There was always a touch of the spend thrift abont all the Lyndons, and I was privately a little rejoiced to hear of Jaok'a having bo severs a oiieok upon hia youthful extravagances. With hunting, shooting, caspat dances, and tableaux vivants, the short' winter days passed qniokly and pleasantly eaough, and on Christmas Evo another guest appeared, whom Lyndon introduced as his agent, Captain Henderson. Finding ha waa alona and spending a solitary Ohflafcrnaa In a half-flalahed house, Jack had, with hia Ufn%l good uatinro, invited him to join the party at the Chase. He was a tall, rather Jiandaoma follow of flve-and-thirty, or thereabouts, with a dark, curiously impassive face, a hard, jlrmly eet mouth undo? the heavy mone tachea, aad keen, dark eyea, somewhat im penetrable in the steady direotneea of their gaae, a quiet, conrteouH manner and guarded Bpaeoh. Ho had lived abroad some years before Mining to the Chaea, Henderson told us; but tho subjaot of his travels was one oa which he spoke with rather a lack of interest than a studied avoidance of the matter. A good Bhot and crosa-conntry rider, always toady to tot oh a young star how to hold a gun, or pilot a timid maiden in the hunting field, he speedily became a favor ite amongst us ; and Lyndon pressed him to prolong his visit till tho Now Tear. After a little hesitation ho consented. ""ST There was no party at tho Chase on New Year's Eva, Lidy Lyndon having som» kind of prejudice agsiast the frivolity of danoing the Now Yeas in and the Old Tear out; aad the next evening was fixed for the ball. We had spent most of the day in the paddle, and the smoking-room was aoo» deserted, as after midnight mutual con gratulations and good wishes spoken, on« by one the fellowa lounged away to bed i and only Henderson, myself, and young Dick Cheyae, of Badlands, a yonager son of a younger branch of the most illustrious house of Lyndon, were left to finish our oigars over tfce dying fire, Jaok havisg gone out for a final consultation with my Jady over the difficult question of prece dence. It waa a still, moonless night, a heavy, impenetrable blaofcaesa against which the blacker shadows of the troes stood out faintly here and here ; a slight fog rose from the damp earth, but the air was so warm and close we had sot tho window wide open aad sat before it, Henderson lying back in a low chair, l opposite to him. Cheyne atocd on the left, leaning his broai Bhouldera against tho window-frame, his bead thrown back a little as he watched ihe puffa of smoke from his cigar. jThe one window of the smoking-room opsnv.d on to the terracs, which san the whole length of the side of the house; a broad gravel path, with a low atone bilus ' trade, divi4ing it from the slops of turf below j ^t the extreme end of the terrace, and angle of tno house, a high, ivy-covered wall shut out the kitohen gardens and stables from view. We had not spoken for some minutes, and it seemed to me, as I sat watohiog the dnll red glow of tho flro on tho panelled walls, that tho silence without and within was growing a littlo oppressi?e, and I wa? conscious somehow of a desire to shut out the black stillness and heavy air of the night I fearned to speak to Dick. ?* I wish you would shut the window, Cheyne." fie drew his oigar from between hia lips quickly, and with a wwntog geatrore, " Listen," lid said, half under his breath. Then there was a sound of footsteps on the grovel outside-footsteps, certainly, bat Bnoh as I never heard before. Thf long, dragging, heavy tread of four feet ii seemed to m9, slow and ate&ltliy;, but Bf distinct I could hear the rattle of lGoae gravel ats each regular and measured tread. They osme nearsr, and Oheyno d ew himself up and turned hia head towards the pquare of white light whioh shone through the open, unsheltered window into the darkness without. Henderson lifted his half-oloaod eyes. " What ia it P" he asked, indifferently. " I don't know; ft dog, I think," an swered Cheyne, still kooping an earnest gaze on the ground before him. I got up, and stood looking over his Bhoulder. Tug sound was close behind us now, and the something sluak past our feet aa we stood there, and disappeared. " Some brute of a dog prowling about but where the deuce has he gonef" ex claimed Cheyne, still in r.n undertone. He strode out quickly on to the terrace. The window at which we were standing was not more than two feet from the high wall at the end of the terrace, and the angla formed by it and the wall of the house was-with the exception of a few inohes of black shadow-filled with light from out lamps. The very ivy leaves and grey.green twigs of wiatsria on the walle shone out clear and distinct, iut there wae nothing there; and Obey no kickod out among the roots of ivy and oreep3ra, and leaned over the balustrade, peering into the darbnesa below, before he cams baci to me, " I can't make out where it went," he said, half impatiently. " There's no hole in the wall among that ivy, ia there P" " No, I think not. Listen again." turned round sharply, and took a stride baok into the middle of the walk, standing full in the light from the win dow. Tbe myateriona footsteps were ooming baok again, slower and more stealthy they eousded, but no less distinct than before. Henderson had lisen and stood boside mo, His head bent forward a little to listen, his cigar held out oarefu'ly behind him. They came oreepiag on, those horribly alow, dragging steps, and then the shadow glided past oar feet again, and Cheyne wheeled round with a quick exclamation. There was nothing behind him, and every leaf and twig on the torraoe wail hung motionleaa ia the damp, still air; nothing in the light, and the darkneaa was impene trable. " I can't make out where the thing dis appeared to,"he repeated a little exolfcedly, bat speaking in the game low tone ; " I'm oeetain I saw something, didn't you P" " I thought so, but never miud it now ooma ia and shut the window, thera'a a good follow j it's getting cold." He followed me in, glancing baok over his shoulder, and Henderson eat down again, taming a Utile from the light. " It's a most extraordinary thing," pur sued Cheyne; "I'll swear that something went by, bnfc where, in the name of ell that's puEzling, could it have ganeP It couldn't have been a ghost, though I sup. pose this house ia haunted, as all repeat able old mansions oaght to ba. I'll ask Lyndon when ha cornea ia if thia ia the ghoBfc's walk." Henderson lifted his eyea from the floor and glanced at the lad half abseatly, it seemed, from beneath the half-oloaed lida. I started a little and followed hia glance nmasily; Cheyne'a careless words had mora m them than he knew of. " Better not; I wou'dn't say anything at all about it, if I were yon," I answered quickly, " Why not t' Cheyne stated at me. "Baoauae, my dear fellow, thia ia the ohofit's walk, and there ia a tradition xq spaotiBg ife whioh, I auppoae, you don't happen to know," '. No; what ia it P" "Simply this5 whenever footsteps aro heard and a shadowy aomathing is seen on tho terrace out there, the Master of Lya don is doomed to dio within the year." Cheyne laughed scornfully. "What non sense. You don't mean to Bay you believe m aueh rubbish, Lyndon P'' i 1,1 ^n't say auything of the kind, but I know that Jaok believes in it most firmly. He believes he heard it before hia father's death, and that no Lyndon Binoe the foun dation of the world haa ever passed away without this warning of death." , c]*?7°a dragged hia broad Bhoulders doubtfully. «. I shouldn't have thought him eo superstitious," he caid. At that moment Jaok himself came in. " Charlie, my boy, Lady Lyndon and I have earned your undying gratitude," he began, with the gay, oareless laugh that had so infaotioaB a ring about it. "Yoa are the victim of a oonapir&oy; for tho suppression of eaahelors, aotivo operations entrusted to very fair hands j time and place, the ball, room to- morrow night; so preparo to meet your fate like a man, eld fellow. Bat look hero; I reoeived atrlot ordora from Lady Lyndon to break up thia oonelave, so I pro poae that we retire. Henderson, I'm afraid that pulling brflte of mine waa too much for you to-day ; you look tired." Jack had gone up to him, and was sneaking In the low and exceedingly winning tono he sometimes used. Henderson answered, with hia usual grave courtesy, that ho waa & little tired and would go to bed. What was the meaning of the look iu those keen eyeB, aB they rested for a moment on the other's handsome, sunny face} It | haunted me that nghfc with tha peraiatenoy of a vague dim memory, unfolding itself in aomadnsty, forgotten corner of tho brain. i'wonty-fonr houra later, and tho great hall at Lyndon was a blaze of lights, flowers and fine dresses, and I waa man fully submitting to my fata la the person of a gay little heiress of twenty summers, ,j performed hia duties as host with un tiring energy and vigour j SQd I watohflil him onoe, oa ho atood near mo in a pause of the danoo, bending down from his stately height to a Blender little figure at his tdde. his dark eyes glowing a little, his elear, re sonant voice so gay ; auoh strong young life nasfaed into hia handsome faoe and boat in hia steady pulses-it seemed atrange. im possible, that ho should bo doomed. I pulled mysolf up quiekly. It waa ah aurd, worae than absurd, to let the vaguely troubled undercurrents of thought, that had haunted me slnoe morning, gain the upper hand like this. " I tried hard to dismiss aueh thoughts, and yet, somehow, I found myaelf in the smoking-room again an hour after midnight, standing at the open window, and listening for the mysterious footsteps on the terraoe. The lamp on the table was turned down, and 1 did not at drat see that I was not alono, until Henderson, half rising from the depths of his easy oh&ir; beside the window, spoke to me, " Have you oome here to egoapa the heat and glare in the Hall, Mr Lyndon 1 Ton my honour, I found it a little too muoh, I regret to have to oonfebB it, but I believe I am getting too old fer this sort of thing," It was another starless, moonless night only the white ghoatly light of a litt'e sprinkling of snow, which lay here and there in tiny drifta, under the trees and on the gravel paths, gleamed with a faint, pallid whiteness under the leaden sky ; a reatleaa breeze stirred among the nestling ivy leaves and leafless branohes of the creepers on the wall, and oame in at tho open window < Sweeping into thesilenoe oame the sound of voioes, laughter and mnsio from tho ball room, a murmur, whioh rose and fell again with tho sighing of the wind, but failed to drown that other sound I was waiting to hear the soft, stealthy steps on the gravel walk. I had not stood there many minutea be fore they came, dragging elowly past the aloaod windows of the library and drawing room, comiug nearer and nearer-tho sound a little deadened, it seemed, by the hhow until they passed my very feet, and I ewnng out on to the terrace with a Buddeu energy that must infallibly have brought me into sharp oollislon with anything that had been there, Nothing but darkness and silenoe ; and, b&fned; ftgain, I returned to tho window. .Heuderaon's ohair was empty, and I oaught tho sound of the door olosing after him as 1 came in, and took np my station onee more to listen, the vaguely uncomfortable sensa tions of anxiety and foreboding against which I had been struggling all day, return ing on me with fuller force, It waa not new to me, this tradition of the Ghost's Walk, in whioh my unole, Sir Philip, and hia father before him, had be lieved io firmly, and |q whioh Jaok pat u unquestioning a faith; but I bad never speculated on the anbjeot before, and now I found my scepticism loss assured than was altogether ple&aing; to a praotleal, oommon aenBe young fellow of seven-and-twenty. I stood atl'l llateniug and meditating, uneasy oa these points, when the door opened again, and Jaok'ti clear voice came ringing aoroaa the dark spaoe between ua, " Oharllo, la that you ? Now, 'pon my word, thia is too bad ; you have left the prottlest girl in the roam to elt out the . My Queen Waltz,' waiting for her truant cava lier, You are being inquired for on all aides, and here I find you sitting in the smoking' room, It really ia too bad," He had come over to me and laid his hand on my nhaulder lightly, adding a qulak : " What ia the matter 2 You aroaot ill, my boy?" ' "111? no; I only oame for a breath of fresh air." I recovered myself with Bome< thing of an effort, " The rooms were bo oonfoundedly hot, but I'd no idea I had "been hare eo long j better go baok,I auppoae, and down on my kneea before my deserted partner." " I rather think yo« had, but you don't deserve to be forgiven either-and aaioking, too, you barbarian. Listen I what's that ?" Lyndon'a hand rested more heavily on my shoulder for an instant and he came a atep nearer, I would have annwered him, have kept him baok if I could, but something held me silent and powerless, and slowly again, but more distinctly, more heavily fell the sound of thoBa stealthy footsteps on the white, cilent, enow-covered terrace, bringing with them now a 6enae of oppres sion and atrange, unreasoning fear, against which I oould nob even struggle, A moment later, an ugly shadow glided past our foot, and Jaek leaned baok against the window-frame with a half-suppressed groan, " Oharlio," he said under his breath ; " I did not think you were listening for that," " For what ?' I answered sharply, " There is some dog about, tlaat ia all," He took hia hand from my shoulder, went in and sat down in Henderson's chair, turn ing his faoe away from the light. "For pity's sake, Jaek, don't get that absurd notion into your head; can't you hear a sound out thero without laneying it io-ia that? It's ridiculous, mere superstition," I exclaimed, seeing it waa useless to feign ignorance of hia meaning. He interrupted me with an impatient gesture, but not raising his head. "I heard it before, Charlie, when my father died, I oaanot be mistaken aow. It is the warning for another Lyndon, within the year, you know. Well, I auppoae I had counted on as long a life as moat men, I hope you'll have a longer reign than I, old fellow." ?'Jaok, Jaok, if you want me to think you a sane man, .don't talk like that; what wo heard just now is to bo eaBUy aooountod for if anyone took the trouble to go round to the keanela. Oome baok to the Hall, there's ft fellow, and don't talk about dying and my reign like a saporatltioua old woman." I bent dorm to him a little as I spoke, and he turned to me, shaking hia head, but with a faint smile, "You will not ridicule or argue me out of my oonviotlon, Charlie. Do you thiak It ia possible onco to havo heard that and to have forgotten ? I toll you it ia the warning and I am doomed to die withiu the year. Rather advise mo to eet my house in order, old fallow. ' 1 Argument, ridicule, persuasion were of no avail, and I grew rather, desperate at last, and hardly knew what I said in my earnest endeavour to dispel the unhappy fsuoy from hia mind. " Don't eay any more, Charlie j let ua go baok to those people I have to entertain and try to forget it till that duty la done, And don't aay a word of thia to Henderson or any of the other fallows," ha added io a lowor tone, as ha got up and put hia arm throngh mine, "Of oonrae not," I answered, almoat dragging him out of the room in my anxiety to get away. Watohitig tha lad closely, AS I could not help doing while musio, laughter, the sound of happy voices end rythmlo fall of light feet on the polished floor went on hour after hour, I oould almost have fancied he had thrown off the gloomy foreboding which op pressed him so short a time ago, hi the steady, determinate self-control whioh made him join in danoe, jest and laughter with the aame light-hearted gaiety of manner as bofore. Henderson was watching, him, too, and aoma touoh of gravity in the otilm in difference of his keen, dark eyes gave me the impression that he knew aa much of Lyndon'a fatal superstition a* I did. (To bo Continued,). 