A Boy's Prank and Its ,Results. Francis was thoboy's name, and Ada was his sister. Francis was a bright, nmschievous boy. He vas the head of his class in school, but th ghhistris t he was always getting into trouble. Ada, his sister, was quite different, being rather delicate-a very quiet, gentle girl. No brother and sister were ever more unlike, her almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming a striking contrast to his fair hair, gre eyes, and that mischievous look whichnever left his face. Francis liked to frighten his sister, and being fond of reading ghost stories (the more fright. ing the better), he was able to pick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end. This nght the wind was howling around the house, and Francis was telling his sister a most terrifyingghoststory. Whenhe had come to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. i"Now, yousilly thing, I expect you will be seeing a ghost," her brother said. But Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. Even in the atternoon it haunted her. Theschool was nearly a mile oil, but thatday they were let out a little earlier than usual, in order to be home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by the time she washalfwayhome, she hadtostopat aneigh. bor's house for shelter from the storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the raina came in torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It was neasly dark when the storm was over. The water lay in sools on the ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not alL A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been found drownedinit. Since then, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about there. A shewalked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between the branches. The ghost story kept running through Ada's head. She quits eapected to see the tramp's ghost. Trembling with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhcle. i" Oh! If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole." She dare not leave the narrow track, winding A ROUGH I1ESINDER. IIo ad h wanted to milk the cow ones, just to remind him of the time whao he was a boy nthe farm himself. "Judge. in and out among the bashes, She knew no other way. Hark ! what was that noise ? Was not that something? Itmoved. It was not a stamp, was it? She stood still. No,it was onlya shadow. But-something further on, quite white and motionless. The branches moved, and the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a bush. It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. The ghost ! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. For one moment did Ada stand trans fixed; then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away. .But was not the ghost rather small ? Itlaughed. ·To her the laugh was terrible, but in reality It was one she should have known very well. Splash ! she was in the waterhole ! She hadrun right into it in her fright. The ghost's hand fell, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the middle, straggling. Down seo disappeared. A few bnbbles arose. That was all. The ghost saw this, and fung off the shroud. Now it was the ghost no longer-only Francis, Ada's brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. oat the waterhole was a arge one, and he could not find her. He was frightened. What could he do If she was not found at once she would be drowned. He had only meant to frighten her. Had he killed her ? It was regret as much as fear that haunted him. Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out he gave one look around. If she were not saved, and it wereknown he had played ghost, he would getinto trouble ; hung, perhops, he thought. He thought he need not say anything about it. He snatched up the sheet which was now quite wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a pelter. Rolling it up under his arm, he ran home. He had never run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gum trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He had already made up the story he would tell his mother. She was prearing a supper for Ada. "Ada's fallen in the waterhole; she was running hard and fell in. I couldn't get her out." His father and a man off the farm ran off at once, but the waterhole was deep, and dark night had come, for the moon was again clouded. Years ago-for the waterhole was very old a large tree had crashed right into it, and some of its limbs still remained there. At last they got her dead body, and carried it home. Francis, whena bed-time came, was sent to bed. He had wrung the sheet as dry as possible, and put it in his bed. Not a very comfortable bed, nor a very good rest. A damp sheet and a guilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts and waterholes haunted him all night long. In the morning he was told that Ada was dead. The thought of how bad a brother he had been keptrunning through his mind. How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into thewaterhole, they would meet likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no more about it. That day the inouest was held, and the Coroner asked Frce all sorts of questions. This gentleman's sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried, and Franeis cries bitterly. He wanted to tell, and yet was afraid. The next morning he did not get up. He was too sick to leave his bed, and had a ish appearance. In the aeernoon he began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. "Clearly a case of brain fever,"he said. He must he watched very closely, as there no saying what he may do." Francis kept on calling to Ada durin ths night. He believed she was there, heapin li with reproaches. -I The next morning the doctor came again?ad pave Francis a sleoping draught. Soon after he sank into a quiet sleep, an4 is mother, who had been watching all nght, took a shaortrest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, hbe thought, in his delirium, was there but Ada., " Go away, Ada; go away. I did not know you would fall in. I only meant to frighten His mother, who awoke at the first soue,l now started up, wondering. All of a sudden the truth flashed on her mind. He had often tried to frighten his sister. bhe hurried into his room, hut he was not there. She looked out of the window. SHe was running into the scrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over his head. - She ran out, and after him, calling to his father, who was working a little way off. ltothgave chase.. They did not overtake him until be had' reached the fatal water-hole. As he now stood still they slackened their pace. Up out of the water.hole, it seemedto Franeis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him, and bent over the water., hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back long, dark hair from its face. It was Ada l Francis stood still-looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. ie made a start, and fell in bead first, and immediately sank, being unoable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and father rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Francis. He could not find him at oecu, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last find him and thrw him on the bank, he too was dead. 