: THE SOCIETY 'OF : ST.- OSMUND. - Mr. Fred. T. Fitznlaurice (of the ; Depart ment of Public Instruction), Secretary to the N.S.W. branch of the English Ohnrch Union and preparer of the report of the Ministering Children's League, is an h'on. corresponding secretary for New South Wales !of the Society ox or. usmuno.r in uuiy, -roaa, toe T tioiy Eucharist " waB said, in the cffioial- report of the Sooiety,: to have been offered for >the " intention " ot thiB ultra-Romish society at Christ Church, St. James .and St. Stephen, Woollabrs, Sydney. The "intention, " thus so closely connected with the most solemn act of worship in three Sydney. chnrofaeS, is to restore the pre Beformation Sarnm Ritual and Ueejnto the Reformed Church of England.' 'Two of the olergymen thus implicated :are dead, and the third is absent from the colony. . This Society tbne domiciled in Sydney has published "The Honrs or Little Offioe of the Blessed Virgin Mary," " Ceremonial of the Altar " and many other like books of .purely Roman Oatbolio origin. - The former consists of eight services, each commencing with "Hail Mary,"- and is .a translation of the Rpman Catholic Sarnm Service hook. In the Ceremonial of the Altar the priest, after administering Communion to a eiok man-in his honse, is thus enjoined: — "Wash your fingers and let the' sick man drink the abla tions." In another work published by < this semi-secret Society — " Services of Holy Week from the Sarnm Missal on Good 'Friday the Cross is to be worshipped, "0 come and let na worship," the nneovered oross solemnly set on the altar-step with a prieBt seated on either aide. " We venerate Thy Gross, O Lord." " Then the olerks shall proceed to venerate the oroes, .with feet unwashed, be ginning with the seniort'.' They then- sing ito it, "Faithfal OrosB-aboye all other, ":Sweet- est wood, . and sweetest iron." They then shall carry it through the choir, preceded by candle-bearera, and cet it-on the altar, " where it ehall.be venerated by the people.'" Are we to have .this pernicious ceremony in Sydneiy? Shall.the voice of remonstrance be atified in Synod, and are the authorities of the-Churoh to purchase peaoe at any price ? The Society believes in Belies and Holy .Water. It is ordered on Palm Sunday " While the Palms _ are being distributed, .a. shrine 1 'with the rejics shall be made ready, in whioh shall hang in: a. pyx the Host;" " After the sprinkling of Holy Water the 'following lenaon ahall be read." A form of driving the ; evil out .of flo.wera isgiven. I exoroiae thee, | creature' of fiowcrB or' branches -;:in the. -name ! of Gad + ithe, Father Almighty, and! in the1 name of JeanB Christ- + His Son, onr Lord,; .and in the -Power, of .-the + H.oly Ghost ; and I henceforth let all the; strength -of the adver- earyi Kll the'hoat of'tba devil, .every . power of the enemy, . every aasanlt offiendSj be.expelled and utterly driven away from this' creature of rflowere and branches" Hpre'ithe- iflowers and leaves shall;. ;be: sprinkled jwith 'Holy . Water- and oeneed" - . _ In the; service, for. " Manndy Thursday " it ordered that " Maaa shall be aungeolemnly." ; "The snb-deacon hall prepare three HOBta to j be CQDsecrated ; of which twoneball be I reserved till to-morrow, one to be received by the Priest, the other to be placed with the Oroae in the aepnlcbre." " On' thia day the Agnos ia . not said . .. . »nd the oilatock of the holy chrism it Ictssed in place of the ! Pax.!'-". j . .iiq.the-aervioe for Eaater Eve, Holy Fire ia to be blessed. " An Acolyte in eurplice sbail : carry on a wand aniextingntahed candieformed ! of ithree candles twisted Into ione at the hot- torn, but separate above, -in front of the pro cession, after the. bearer .of tbe Holy Water. The;proce8sion shall go through themidat of ithe ohoir-to hlaa the naw fire." '-r v- At this service the Litany oftheiSaintsis tobe.eaidtwice. .; "HolyMary,Pray forus, " . Holy Mother of God, -Pray, -Holy 'Michael, Pray, . Saint Peter, -fPray, — -, \- 8aintr/Linua, Pray, . . | 8qint Sixtu'e, Pray. >>\n . . - -Saint Angnetine, '<Pray, ; AH the Holy Vireina, Pray, - All aintB, Eray".: . , The Pope is; to be prayed for, as Our Father. "Let ne pr»y also for Qur: nioaf blessed Pontiff"- " We therefore pray Tbee,iQ Lord,, that onto na ae:tby Bervante; all cthe olorgy! and most devont. -people,, together, #ith >Opr! iFatheiitherPopti.'''.!-:; ou i n-\ --jdi - ! If any of ;our olergy regaVd ,'the Pop's as Oar Father they; haa: better , oornmuriicate without any delay with Cardinal. Moraa, who willdqabtlesa arrange matters. Aa .It no.w-is, a grievous scandal has been occasioned by the stated offering !of the "Holy Eaoharist" "for the interpretation of the Sooiaty of Saint Oamund." In the words of the London Echo, this Society exiits "To Bomanizs the Anglioan Church not by propagandia from without, but by crafty assaults from within. , . .' . It proves that there is a class of men in the Ohnroh who are doing their best, or their worst, to establish Mariolatry and Saintolatry image worahip id the Chnrch, and who par aionateiy desire to make the English nation onoe more eubjeot to Borne ; .to re vive in the; Reform Ghnroh , the idolatrous worship of the Cross, of Man relics, of the Mass as performed in Roman Catholic churches and of prayers for til:© Pope!" ' Mr. F. T. Fittsmaurioe writes to the S, M. Herald, 29th December, ' to say that he is preparing a report of the. curreht year of ;the' operationsof theMinisteriugOhildren'aLeague in New . South Wales. Its supporters should be clearly informed what connection, tliero exists between it, the English . Church Union and the Society of Sl. Osmund. 