SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BUADDOX. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXXI.— (Continued.) "I am sorry you should blame mo'1 for that ; but what would you have thought of me if I had not told Allan the truth?" "Well, you have sent him away — and he 5s doad, perhaps — dead in the wilderness — of fever, like poor Cecil PalrlngUm." Suzette bowed her head, and wan silent under this reproof. She could feel for tho mother, and was content to bear unmerited blame. She went to the organ, and occu pied herself in putting away the scattered Sheets of music, Willi that, deft neatness ivhich, in her case, was an Instinct. The two mothers sat side by side, and talked, and wept, together. They could but. speculate upon the condition and the whereabouts of the wanderers. Those few words from Zanzibar told them so little. Cecil Patrington's elder brother had writ ten to Lady Emily enclosing a copy of tho message, with a polite hope that her sou would find his way safely homo. There was no passionate grief among his relations at home, for the wanderer who lay in his final haitiug-placn under the great syca more. Long years of absence had weak ened family ties, and the head of the house of Palriugton was a busy country squire, with un increasing family and a diminish ing rent-roll. Suzette put on her hat, and wished Mrs. Wornoek good-bye. She would have left with only a little bend of the head to Lady Emiiv; but that kindly matron had re pented herself of her harshness, and held out her hand with a pathetic look which .went straight to the girl's heart. "Forgive me for what I said just now," she pleaded. "I am almost beside myself with anxiety. You wero not to bkunc. Truth is always best. But my poor Allan was so fond of you, and you and he might Lave been so liappy — if you had only loved ltlm." "1 did love him — once," faltered Suzette. "Bui. later ib seemed as if my love were not enough — not enough for a lifetime." "Ah, but there was someone else — we know, Mrs. AVornook — some one who is like my poor son, but cleverer, handsomer, more fascinating. Tt was Mr. Wornock's return that changed you " "No, no. no!" Suzette protested eagerly. '"If it. had been. 1 might have acted dif ferently. Please don't talk about me and my folly — not to leuow mvsolf or mv own heart. They are both away. God gnuU that, they are well n.nd liappv. and enjov- ing the beauty and the strangeness of that wonderful country. Why should they not bo safe and happy there? Think how many years Mr. Patrington had spent in Africa, before the end came. Why should they not bo as safo as Cameron, Stanley, Trivicr?" Her heart sank even as she argued in this consoling strain, remembering how with Stanley, with Cameron, with Trivior. there were companions left behind. But here, perhaps, tho Fates wero already ap peased. One had fallen bv tho way. Tho sacrifice had been made to the cruel god dess of tho dark land. "Will you come to Beechhurst with me. Suzette?" pleaded Allan's mother. "It would be so kind if you would come and stay with me till to-morrow, i want io no at home again, to be there when Allan's letter comes. There must be a letter soon. It is so lonely at Beochhurst. I think General Vincent could spare you for just one night." Suzette proposed that Lady Emily should dine at Marsh House; but she seemed to take a morbid pleasure in her son's house In spite of Its loneliness, so Suzette drove back to Mutcham with her, took her Ia> tea Willi tho General, and obtained his per mission to dine and sleep at Beochhurst, and did all that could be done by unobtru sive kindness and attention to connote and cheer Allan's mother. CHAPTER XXXII.— ALL IX HONOR. It was nearly a month after Lady Emily's appearance at Diseombe, and there liad been no letter from Geoffrey- Every day Lad increased Mrs. Wornock's anxiety, and in the faeo of an evcr-growirig fear there Lad been a tacit avoidance of all mention of tin; absent son. both on the part of his mother and of Suzette. They had talked of music, of tho gardens, of the poor, and of the latest developments in tlutt science of the supernatural in which Mrs. Wor nock's interest had never abated, arid in which her faith had never been entirely shaken. Ou cc in the midst of discussing the last number of the "Physical Magazine" with Suzette — a sad sceptic — she said quietly: "Whatever has happened, I know he is not dead. I must have seen him. I must Lave known. There would Lave been some sign." Suzette was silent. Not. for worlds would she have dashed a faith which buoyed up the fainting spirit. Yet it needed but some dreadful dream, she reflected, a dead face seen amidst the clouds of sleep, to cJjango this blind confidence Into despair. Jt was in the evening following this con versation that Suzette was sitting at her piano, atouo, in her drawingrooin . playing from memory, and losing herstdf in tho web of a Hungarian nocturne, which was to her like thinking in musio — the com poser's learned sequences and changes of key seeming only a vaguo expression of her own sadness. Her fatbeu was dining out — a man's dinner — a dissipation ho rare ly allowed himself: and Istv/eUe was re lieved from her evening task of playing chess, reading aloud, or listening to tiger stories, which had lost none of their in terest from lamihanty. the fondly loved father being tho hero or every adventure. She was glad to be alone to-night, for her heart was full of dread of the news which the ne.tt African lot.tur might bring. She Lad tried to make light of the leaders death; yet she, too, thought with a shudder of the two young men alone, inexperienced, and one of them, at least, reckless and daring even to folly. That walling Ikuugarian reverie, with its minor modulations, seemed to shape Itselt Into a dream of Africa, the endless jungle, the vastness of . swamp and river, the beau ty and tho tovror ot gigantic waterfalls. Luge walls of water, a river leaping over a precipice ruto a gulf of darkness and snow-white foam. The scenes of which she Lad been vending lately crowded into her mind, and tilled it with aching fears. "Suzette!" A volco called io lior softly from the open window. She looked up, trembling and cold, with an awful tear. His voice — Geof frey's — a spectral voice; the volco of a ghost eallnur to her. the unlveliovrr. lrom the other side of the world— nailing in death, or after death, to the woman the living man hail loved. She rose, with a faint scream, ami rushed to the window, and was ekisped in tin; living Geoffrey's anus, on the threshold, between the garden aud the room. Had she flung herself run his arms in her fear and great surprise? or had ho seized her as she ran to him? She could not tell. She knew only that she was sobbing on ills breuKl. clasped in two uaurit arms, jvlilch held her as in a grasp of iron. "Geoffrey, Geoffrey! Alive aud well! What delight for your poor mother! Was she not wild with happiness?" she asked when ho released her, after a shower of kisses upon forehead and lips, which sho pretended to ignore. She could not begin quarrelling with him in these first moments of delighted sur prise. He followed her into the room, aud she saw his face in the light of the lamp on the piano — worn, wan, haggard, wasted, but with eyes that were full of fire and gladness. "Suzette, Suzette!" ho cried, clasping her hands, and trying to draw her to his heart, again, "it was worth a journey over half the world to lind you! So sweet, so fair! All that my dreams have shown me, night after night, night after night! Ah, love, we have never been parted. Your image has 'never left me." ".Africa has done you no good. You arc us full of wild nonsense as ever," she said, trying to take the situation lightly, yet trembling with emotion, her heart beating loud ami fast, her eyes hardly daring to meet the eyes that dwelt upon her face ao fondly. "Tell me about, your mother. Was she not surprised — happy?" "I hope she will be a little glad. .1 haven't seen her yet." "Not seen — your mother?" "No, child. A man can't have two lode stars, i came straight, from Zanzibar to this house. 1 came home to you, Suzette." "But you will go to the Manor directly? Your poor mother has been so miserable about you. Don't lose a minute in making her happy." "Lose! Those minutest are gold; the most precious minutes of my life. Oh, Suzette, how cruel you wore! Why did you drive mo from you ?" Sho was in his arms again, held closely in l.hoso wasted arms, caught in the coils ot that passionate love, she scarcely knew how. He was taking everything for granted; and she knew not how to resist him. Sho hail no argument to offer against that tri umphant love. "Cruel, cruel, cruel Suzet.te! Two years of exile — two wasted, lonely years — years of fund longing and looking back! Why did you semi mo away? No. I. won't ask. It was all in honor, all in honor. My dourest is made up of honorable scruples, and deli cate sympathies, which this rough nature of mine can't understand. But you loved me, Suzette. You loved me ironi iho hrsi. as 1 loved you. Our hearts wont out to meet each oilier over i lie nndiro of mv violin — Hew out to each other in a burst of melody. A nil we will go on loving each other till tho last breath — the last mini glimmer ol life's brief candle. Ah, love, forgive me if I rave. 1 am beside myself wltn iov." "T think you are a little out of your mind." she faltered. Site let him rave. She accepted the situa tion. Ah. surely, surelv. it was this man she loved. It was this eager spirit which hiul passed, like a breath of fire, between her and Allan; ( li is masterful nature which had possessed itself of her heart, us a mere chattel that must needs be the prize of the strongest. She submitted to the tyranny of a love which would not accept defeat; and presently they sat down side by side in the soft lamp- light, close to the piano, which sho loved only a little less than if it were human. They sat down side by side, Ills arm still round tho shm wai3t, plighted lovers. "Poor Allan!" she sighed, with a remorse ful pang. "Has lie gone down to Suffolk?" "To Suffolk? He is on the Congo— past Stanley Falls, I hope, by this time." "On the Congo! you have left him? Quite alone! Oh, Geoffrey, how could you?" "Why not? He is safe enough. He knows I he country as well as I. 1 left him near Kassongo, where he could get as big a train and as many stores as he wanted: though we have done nowadays with long trains, armies of porters, and a mountainous load of provisions." "What will Lady Ei'aily say? She will be dreadfully unhappy. I could not. have be lieved you ami Alla'.i would pari company — after Mr. Patrington \s death." "Why noi? V'e were both strangers in the land. He knows how to tako care of himself an well as I do." "But two men — companions and friends — surely th.e,y would be safer than one Eng lishman travelling alone?" said Suzette, deeply drrtressed at the thought of what Allan's urjther would suffer when she know that her -son's comrade had left him. "Do you think two men are safer from fever, poisoned arrows, the bursting of a gun, 'the swamping of a canoe? My dear- jiim jus saie mono as no was when lie was one of three. lie had learnt a good deal about the country, and he Icnew how to manage the natives, and he had stores and ammunition, and tho mean or getting plenty more. Don't lot mo son that sweet face clouded. All, my love, my 'Jove, I shall never forgot your -welcoming smile — the light upon your face as you ran to the window. I had always believed in your love — always— even when you wero cruellest; but. to- night f know — 1 know that 1 am the chosen one." Tie let his head sink on her shoulder, and nestled against her like a child at rest near his mother's heart. How could she resist a love so fervent, so resolute — a spirit like Satan's — not to lie changed by place or time. Tr. is t ho lover who will not be denied — the selfish, impetuous, un scrupulous lover who has always the better chance: and, iu a ease like this, it was a foregone conclusion that he who came back first would be the winner. The first strong appeal to the heart, that Lad been tried by absenco and anxiety, the first returning wave of romantic lovev. It was something more than a lover's return. It was the awakening of love from a long sleep that had seemed dull and grev and hopeless as death. "1 thought you would never come hack.'' sighed Suzette, resigning herself to the tyranny of the conqueror, content at. last to be taken by a coup de main. "1 was afraid vou and Allan would be lelt in thai dreadful country. And 1 had to make be lieve to think you us safe as you wore in the next parish. 1 had to be cheerful and full of hopefulness, for your mother's sake. Your poor mother, starting up suddenly. "Oh. Geoffrey, how cruel that we should bo sitting here while she is left in ignor ance of vour return: and she has suffered ;ui agony of fear since she heard of poor Mr. Patrington's death. It is shameful! You must go to hor this Instant." "Must 1, my queen and mistress?" "This iustnnl. 11. will lie a shock to hor — even in the joy ot your return — to six; how thin and haggard you have grown. What suffering yuu must have gone through. ' "Only one kind of suffering — only one inaladv. biizetto. I was si«-k tor love ol you. Love made nio do forced marches; love kept me awake of nights. Impatience was the fever that burnt. In my blood — love and longing for you. Yes, yes. 1 am go ing'." as she put her hand through his arm and led him to tlm window. "J will he at. my mother's feci in hull' ail hour, kneeling to ask lnrr blessing on my be trothal. There will ho a double jov for hor, Suzette, in my home-coming and my happiness. 1 lel'i her a ivstless, unquiet spirit. 1 go hack to her tamed and happy." (To ho eoutiuued.) 