The-PeeP and the Womnia \----- (Published by Speoial Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, & Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER XX.-(Coonefinued.) ' Ah, about six months it wor,' Jim continued. ' About six months ago, me and the mates got back from a spell o' fishing, and we see the light in the ea.rl's room. Very bright and powerful it wor. Well, of coors, we all thought that the earl had come down for a spell, and in the morning me and Bill Poulds there, we ups and goes to the castle to see if any fish was wanted. There be only two on'em up there to look arter the place like Mrs. Smith, a decent old body she is, and her brother, old Joe Craggs, who's but a poor half-witted loon. We went round to the bit o' entrance at the back and straight into the kitchen. Mrs. Smith was not there, and after waiting aboot a bit we goes into her little room, and there she wor sobbing and going on a?rul. I thought in coors ae 'ow the earl had come unaexpected like and found her unprepared, and had been a-giving it to 'er. So I ser: "What's oop, Martha? 'As he been a-going on about summat ?" "Has who bin going on ?" she says, a-looking up surprised like. " Why, the earl," says I. "We seed as he was back by the light in the south tower last night." "There warn't no light," says she, a-shaking all over, and clopping 'er hand to a' soide. "Oh, but there wor," said I; ' Bill and me, and every one on us, we all sawd it as bright as ever could be. When did he coom P" Then she says never another word, but after looking at me for a minute inm a way as makes me shiver to think on, she just falls back'ards, and goes off into one o' them there faints. Lor, wot a job me and Bill 'ad wi' 'er; didn't us, Bill?' The gentleman appealed to with drew his pipe from his moutlh and blew out a cloud of smoke. ' A' reckon we did, Jim,' he assented rigorously. .' Well, arter a undoin' of 'er, and pouring pailfuls of cold water over er, and pulling feathers out o' t' old cock's rtail to burn under 'er nose, and such like means, we got 'er round, but very weak and dazed she seemed. Of coors, directly 'he could speak we asks 'er wot was -p. ' "T' master,' she says, "master!" "Well," says I, "wot aboot 'im ?" "He's dead," she whispered. ' Dead!" cried both on us. "Why a wor 'ere last night, surely. Dead !" ' " Ay, murderedt" she whispered in an awful tone like. ' "Wheer ?" asks Bill, reg'lar akeered. ' "'In Lunnon" she says, "day afore yesterday." 'I couldna seem to believe it, hear ing it so sudden, and I wor all dazed like.'. ' "But t' loight last noight ?" I said to 'er. 'She pointed to the key which hung upon the wall, and a sort o' cold chill ran through me when I sees it, for there was cobwebs all round and go it., .. . -' "That key,'" she says, "ain't been moved from that nail for nigh on two months. It wor't master's orders when he wor 'ere last time that the room wor not to be touched till he eom again." •' " But we all seed t' loight," Isays, "sme and Bill, an' all on 'em." S' She wor white to the very lips, and her voice war all o' a tremble. ' "No one a-been in t' room. If the light were theer, God help us all! 'Twor no earthly hand as lit it."' OHAPTER XXI. LOBD ALOESTON IS PUZZLED. There was a short, silence :among the little group. The stranger alone was looking more thoughtful than im ,pressed. 'The light has been seen often since then ?' he asked,' after a few minutes' meditation. 'Ay, moast noights.' ' And are you sure that there is no other entrance into the room save by the door of which you saw the key?' ' Noa; there bean't no other way in. 'Mrs.-what did you say her name was-the housekeeper? She couldn't 'have anything to do with it, or her brother?' ' We a'seen it when both on um a' been doon 'ere wi' us.' ' It's a strange thing,' the young man remarked thoughtfully. 'I won der whether it's alight now ?' He moved towards the door, and they all trooped after him. Jim Doore, stepping in front of his guest, lifted the rude wooden latch, and a gust of wind came howling in, extin guishing the lamp which he carried in his hand, and causing the few prints and texts which hung about to rattle against the wall. BillFoulds, followed by most of the party, turned back to the fireside with a muttered anathema against the folly of exposing their comfortably-warmed selves to the fury of such a tempest until their time came toego; but Jim Doors and his guest stepped outside, closing the door after them, and stood for a moment 'with the- rain beating in their faces and the gale shrieking about their ears, gazing at the hugo black outline of the ruined castle, high up aboi-I~them. There was no mis ' take abouTithe lights. One, faint and . glimmering, 'low down on the inland side, Jim pointed out as coming from 'Martha's' room; the other, high up in the tower, right on the verge of the cliff, was burning with a steady, bril liant light, and was even casting a long, livid reflection on the bleak, angry sea below. They looked at them steadily for a minute. Then Jim Doore, who was holding the door fast in his hand, pushed it a little way open, and followed by his companions, re-entered the cottage. They moved their chairs and made room for the stranger by the fire, and he stood there warming himself after the brief exposure to the storm, with the dancing firelight lighting up his thoughtful countenance. They looked at him curiously, wondering what he would say now about their mysterious light, and wondering, too, as they had been all along, who he was and why he had come to this out-of-the-way corner of the world. And there was one among their number, a woman, who sat where she had been sitting all the evening, unnoticed and almost unseeni, whose dark eyes never once lbft his face, and from whose cheeks every vestige of colour had fled at his coming. She, too, was wondering and dreading. ''As ta seen t' loight, Jim ?' Foulds inquired, removing his pipe from his mouth out of deference to the stranger, for it was not his custom when speaking. The young man started somewhat, as though the question had broken in upon some train of thought. 'Yes, it's there, right enough,' he answered. 'If it wasn't such a wild night I should feel tempted to go straight away into that room and solve the mystery. But since it has puzzled you all so long it may as well do so for one day longer. To-morrow night I will see into it.' There *was" a stir among the little group. 'Dost a' think that Mrs. Smith'll let a' go into the room ?' Jim Doors asked doubtfully. 'There's never no stranger passes inside o' them walls. God A'mighty!' he exclaimed sud denly, springing.to his feet and stand. ing withhis eyes fastened upon' the stranger's. 'Look at 'ee!' ' What's the matter, Jim ?' cried his partner, also rising to his feet and fol lowing Jim's shaking finger, which was pointed straight at the tall young man, who stood calmly before the fire. 'Look at 'ee, I tell a',' repeated Jim. , ''Tis t' earl's own face!' Every eye was fixed upon the stranger, and suddenly everyone be came conscious of the resemblance everyone, that is to say, except Mrs. Doore, who had possibly known all about it, before, for she never moved a muscle of her face. ' As I don't want you to think me a ghost,' the young man said, smiling slightly, 'perhaps I had better tell you I am Lord Alceston- Earlof Har rowvdean, now, I am sorry to say.' 'T' earl's son!' gasped Jim Doore. ' Exactly.' There was an awestruck silence, which Lord Olanavon broke. 'I can assure you you've no need to look so frightened,' he said pleasantly. 'You've all been very kind to me, and I'm sure I'm very much obliged to you all.' This speech had the effect of setting them all a little more at their ease, but the impossibility of sitting down in the same room with an earl was manifest to all of them. With every description of clumsy but respectable obeisance they dwindled away one by one, while Jim Doore stood by looking helplessly from his wife to his distin guished guest. 'Come, come, Doore; there's no thing to be frightened about,' Lord Alceston said, smiling, when the last of them had departed. 'I'm sure you've all been very kind to me. I might have been up on the cliff now if it hadn't been for you. Look at your wife, now; she's a sensible woman. She doesn't look a bit disturbed. Well, if you won't sit down agarin' for Jim had rigorously declined the chair which his lordship had kicked toward him- 'show me where I'm to shake down for the night and I'll go to bed.' Mrs. Doore silently took up a candle, and opened the inner door, revealing another apartment beyond. 'Thisa way, my lord,' she said quietly. 'I've done my best to make things comfortable, but I'm afraid you'll find it rather rough.' Lord Alceston followed her into the tiny apartment, which, small though it was, was spotlessly clean and neat. 'Nothing could be nicer,' he de clared. ' 'Pon my word,' he added to himself, looking round approvingly, 'that's a very superior woman.' OHAPTER XXII. A NIGHT JOURNEY. Mrs. Doore doubtless was a very superior woman, for it was quite evident that she had learned one hard lesson for the uneducated to acquire- to conceal her feelings. Directly the latch was securely drawn, the dis tinguished visitor safe in his room, a remarkable change took place in- her appearance.' The unnatural calm was gone. She sank into a low chair opposite her husband, her rigid features working with emotion, and her trembling hands stretched wildly out. 'Oh, Jim, Jim, what shall I do ?' \- He looked at her a little astonished. As far as he was concerned he was begiming to feel very much more at ease--in fact his momentary alarm was fast diminishing, and was being succeeded by a sort of vague.elation.? After all, the affair was more likely td turn out tb his advantage than the reverse. The events of the %vening passed slowly before him, while he had been waiting for his wife's re appearance, and on the whole the result was satisfactory. He had neither done nor said anything that would be likely to give offence to the young earl, although a cold shiver passed through his frame when he reflected how many dangers he had unwittingly avoided. They had res cued the young lord from what was undoubtedly a most dangerous situa tion, and they had treated him all the time with the sturdy North Country hospitality which was one of their chief characteristics. When his wife had joined him he had been quite prepared for some mutual congratula tions; now she had come out white as a ghost and trembling in every limb. Jim scratched his head in wohder ment ) n: 'What be amiss, lass ?' he iinquired. She leaned forward and stared at him wildly, as though she had not heard his words. Jim began to feel thoroughly uncomfortable. 'There bean't nothing wrong, lass, surely ?' he said. 'Let me be a few minutes, Jim,' she moaned. 'Oh, what shall I do ? What shall I do?' He lit a pipe as the only possible consolation which lay in his power. It was the best thing he could have done. Presently she rose, and walked softly up and down the room, her husband following .her movements with his eyes, but maintaining an unbroken silence. 'Jim,' she said, suddenly stopping in front of him, 'I've been a good wife to you.' He looked up at her, and was startled at the change in her face. Usually a healthy-looking woman, the ruddy brown with which sea air and sun 'had tanned her cheeks had fled altogether, leaving them ghastly pale, and her dark eyes were literally blazing with some excitement. He nodded slowly. ' A' hast, lass! I've newt to say agen that.' 'Then ask me no questions to-night. Reward me by trusting me now. I must go out-and alone!' ' Go oot-aloan!'' "Yes, Jim; Up to the castle !' He held up his fingers. 'Listen to t' wind,' he said; 'the storm has nae blown itself out yet.' 'Storm or no storm, I must go,' she cried passionately. 'I must see mother.' The thing esuddenly became clear to him. His wife e'vidently feared that in ediie way her mother had disobeyed or was disobeying, orders up at the castle, and wished to warn her of her master's forthcoming visit. ' Had it anything to do with the mysterious light in the south tower?' he won dered; . 'Let Oi take a message,' he said. ' It's no noight for a' to go.' ' I must be my own messenger,' she cried. 'Oh, Jim, for God's sake, let me go ! let me go !' 'She had sunk on' her knees before him, and was clasping his knees. Jim thought no'more of exercising his marital authority. ' A' shall 'go, lass! A' shall go!' he cried. 'Dry thy een! A' shall go!. Coom, and a'll,get 'ee the lantern.' She rose to her feet with a 'sigh 'of relief, and fetched her hat and cloak. Her husband opened the door and handed her the lantern. He did not feel quite at his ease about.this mid night expedition. 'Let a' coom wi' ye, lass, to t' gate. A'li coom no fearther. I don't like thee going aloan.' 'Not a step, Jim!' she cried. 'I'll not be long.' She vanished into the darkness, and Jim, after keeping the door' open for a minute or two, and gazing after her nndecidedly, stepped back into the room, shaking his head. 'I doan't like it,' he muttered, tak ing down his pipe, 'but she mun ha'. her way. She be a woman, and she mun ha'e her way.' Which showed that Jim, rustic though he was, had some claims to ward being considered' a village philosopher. (To be centinued.) 