THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyiie, the conjurer, relates some of bis experiences to a writer iu the 44 English Illustrated Magazine " : — 44 Apart from mere objective illusion," he says, 44 appar- itions exist only iu imagination. The great proof of this is the question of clothes. If spirits appeared like some of the 4 living pic tures,' apparently iu the nude, oue might be in clined to believe in their reality. I believe I was the first to suggest this objection, about 30 years ago. I was 1 aviug a discussion with Mr. Benjamin Coleman, s irnamed, 4 Tiie Father of English Spiritualists,' a very nice, amiable, and credulous old gentleman. He was describing a seance he had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had never seen him in earth-life, but recognised him from a painting. The s irifc appeared in periwig, knee-breeches, am; a jreen coat with gilt but tons. 4 Then,' said 1, 4 this lady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also the spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons ! ' Mr. Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled ex pression. I continued : 4 Do you really believe that there is such a thing as the spirit of a coat?' 4 No.' said he, 4 I can't think that, and I can't account for the appearance of the clothes, but I will ask the spirits.' The old gentleman told me afterwards that he had consulted 4 Katey King upon the subject. Katey King, as you may remember, was a very popular spirit at that time, so much so that she was frequently known to have appeared at several seances at tbe same moment. She was also the spirit who was said to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball's Pond to Lamb's, Conduit-street, and it was the ex posure of this 4 spirit ' which sent poor Robert Bale Oweu to a lunatic asylum. Well, Katey King shirked Mr. Coleman's question for some time, but he persisted in having au answer, aud at last she replied, 4 Why, of course, we materialise the clothes out of particles in tbe atmosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory explanation to the Spiritualists, but even tbe most credulous members of the Society for Psychical Research canuot at present believe iu the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they would at once accept every night mare story as a spiritual visitation. That cun ning old impostor, Mdme. Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by iuveutiug the theory that there is au 4 astral bedy' or counter part to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must be au astral sea-serpent, au astral big gcoseb'. rry — iu fact, aD astral world and a astral universe." 