f. Old Man looked round upon bis neighbours with the nil- of 011c who i- bad been magnanimous under cir cumstauces where magnauimity was ti the last tiling to he expected. L- Tlie Reverend Arthur turned to || Sally, wlio, with •flushing eyes and pointed revolver, still stood at hay. jj* covering Old Man iu a manner which sM evidently caused that worthy a little uneasiness. fM “ Put it down. Sally—put it down,” ^ lie urged gently. “ Them tilings has a •y® way of goin' off when folk ain’t used 1 to ’em. You'd hotter be careful.’' | “ If it do go off,” said Stilly, with the if cheerful directness which was oue of | her most prominent characteristics. ■ ‘'.vott hot your lioots. Old Mau, that it { will hit something.” Old Mau looked uneasy, as he stood out from the group of his friends, and tile torchlight shone on Sally’s sliiuiug revolver. “ If it does go off, Sally,” lie said pacifically, ” I reckon I sha’n’t be able to bet tihout anthill’. It bein’ sorter cold an’ oniadylike to he out at this f,~- time o’ night, mebbe you,d better sling -.'..home agin.. .You mout know as me an’ IkeyTl attend to the remains for friendship’s sake.” “ Ikoy will have enough to do to at tend to his own remains.” retorted the wrathful Sally, “as well as yours, if you don’t stop this foolishness. Now. you just clear out, and get the right man—if you can see straight enough to know him." This ungenerous allusion to a slight obliquity of vision on the part of Old Man touched him 011 the tendercst “ Seein’ as how you're gittin’ real oniadylike an’ personal,” he said gently—“Seein' as how you’re gittin’ real oniadylike an’ personal, Sally an’ ai’nt no consideration for the feelins of them as brought; you up, I ain’t goin’ to have nothin’ more to do with this yor business. 1 resign. I’ve bin a member of the Committee for over forty years, an’ now you comes an’ in sults my grey hairs.” Sally laughed recklessly. “I meant your squint, Old Man,'not your grey hairs. Eh, what ?” The Reverend Arthur had again plucked at her sleeve. “ Don’t bother me t must keep my eye on Old Mau, or he’ll be trying to rush us. He’s as trust Avorlhy as a crocodile.” Tlie leader of the Yigilants came forward irresolutely. “ If you Avasn’t a parsou-he began. Then lie stopped. “ Promise to say nothin’ about this an’ we’ll drop it.” The Reverend Arthur hesitated. “ He’ll promise,” said Sally, cheer fully, “or if he AA’on’t I’ll he answerable for him. Hadn’t you hotter he oil' after .lake “ That’s it,” said Old Mail admir ing]}', and immediate}’ sinking all questions as to his oavu blood-thirsty proclivities. “ Seein’ as Iioav avo’vo settled matters amikcrably I don’t i'oav, Parson, an’ ive’ll go on Avilh j * Baptismal Regeneration ’ an’ smoke ! a pipe over it. Now, hoys, scatter for tlie Bush an’ see if you kin git on the trail of that skunk. I’ll take the land in’ place an’ try to plug him if he ain’t crossed. Good night, Parson. It’s real chilly, Stilly. Your father, bein’ an ..Official, couldn’t stop for the bungin'. kVou’d better go home too an’ study up Wn the importations you’ve, cast on someone as shall ho nameless, though, mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, he kin sec a deal further’n you.” Sally nodded a gay good-night to the men as they tiled through the narrow doorway of the store. Woman-like, site had not thought of the construc tion Avhich the Reverend Arthur might, put upon her intervention on his behalf. Beneath tlie ardent glance of his shining eyes her own drooped as lie sought to possess himself of her hand and thank her. “ I’m goin’ home,” site said abruptly. “Don’t you know better than to ex pect mo to stay here all night talking “ But, Sally, if you hadn't cared for me.” he began. Sally turned upon him Avitli rising and illogical indiguation. “See here, is this anyway 1o talk ? Because I’ve been unladylike enough to save your life,” site said, dropping the revolver on the ground, regardless of consequences, “ you expect me to be in love with you. Men are always so ungrateful, so—so unreasonable.” She gave a sniff and began to cry softly. The Parson picked up tlie revolver. “ That's enough, Stilly. I don’t mean to distress yon.” he said softly. What ever my own fate'may lie I shall think only of your happiness. Always re member that. Don’t you think it would he safer if I took the cartridges out of tltis revolver V Sally began to smile through her tears, tlie rising ghost of laughter in her eyes. “ N-n-uo, I d-d-d-dou’t,” she sobbed. “ It-it-it wasn’t 1-I-l-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-as afraid they’d f-f-liud out I was bluffing them. Old Man, who had lingered behind the others in the doorway, came for ward -reproachfully. “It’s playin’ it low down on a man as has dandled you on his knee to go an’ bluff him like that,” he said ; “ hut I’ll forgive you, Sally, if you take back Avhat you said about iny squintin’. I’m thinkin’ of marriu’ agin an’ it might git: round. A cross-eyed man don’t git no sltoiv noiv adays, specially with, widders.” Sally held out lier hand with a rip pling burst of laughter good to hear. “ I take it till hack, you bloodthirsty old monster,” she said merrily: “but if anything happens to him,” site looked at the Reverend Arthur, who turned red and ivhite beneath her amused glance. “I’ll hold you responsible;” and She fled into the night. Old Mau gazed after lier Avith a sar castic glance. “ Seein’ as how site’s a ivoman,” he said, “she ain’t account able, Pitrsoti, she ain’t accountable. If you ain’t sleepy you’d better come home ivitli me an’-” But the Reverend Arthur laid slipped through the doorway and dis appeared. Though a charitable man, even liis charity had limits, and he .was iu no mood to discuss theological points with one avIio had been clamor ing to hang him a few minutes ago. Old Mau looked after him in an in jured AVtty. “ An’ that’s the man as I’ve wrasHed witli on doctrine till he’s able to floor all them ‘Hill’ folk ! Why, It’s disgustin’ ; that’s Avhat it is, dis he ain’t got no more manners ’n a hog. gustin’ ! You’d expeck better style from a catfish, an’ not be disappointed neither.” He cut himself an ample chaw of tobacco and wandered home through j the grim, grey dawn, brushing against j the wet branches of the pine as they j Rung their resinous fragrance in his face. “ Thar ain’t no fun goin’ nowa days,” he grumbled, disconsolately. *“I was most forgettin’ that felloAV Jake.” His manner brightened, and he ; hurried down to the landing place on the chance of geting a pot-shot at that .Worthy, but in vain. The darkness had mysteriously swallowed' up Chil vey .Take. Only once again was he to revisit the Four Corners—only once again ; but then ills coming would be attended with the majesty and terror of the gaunt king whose name is Death, and who speaks not, neither malm til any sign, but breathes upon us for a little space, until we become as the leaves whirling before the blast, aud are blown and driven hither and thither from out of the Land of Life into the Valley of Darkness aud De spair, aud whence Man cometli not , until the sound of the Last Trump I shall call the sheeted dead from out the tomb. 