LITERATURE A sea stowaway is a person who, above all travellers, is to be pitied. He is generally sick for home and also sea-sick. He has worse accommodation than anyone else on board, and even that is grudged him. His best chance, so far as freedom from detection is concerned, is to be taken for a ghost, when he is left severely alone by his enemies of the forecastle ; but, on the other hand, whatever provision he consumes derogates from his spiritual character and awakens suspicion. If he is found, he is treated with great brutality, and if he is lost no one misses him. —James Payn. The Comte de Paris did not escape from the common fate of his House. He was never able to follow any consistent course. By recognizing the Comte de Chambord he condemned his own godfather, and tacitly confessed that the claim of his own family was irregular. By always asserting his deference for popular choice he condemned the Legitimist theory. By returning to France, and accepting money from the Republic in composition for his property, he acknowledged the Republican Government. Yet he allowed himself to be tempted—or perhaps it would be more accurate to say worried—into openly taking up the place of Pretender.—Saturday Review. A really first-class robbery which, as the phrase goes, will ' catch on' with the public must fulfil two conditions. It must have a carefully-chosen subject and be on a commen- surate scale. Spoons and plate are, from that point of view, played out ; they make only a vulgar crime. Jewellery still holds its own, for it requires a more or less intimate know- ledge of the ways of the aristocracy, if not an actual acquaintance with one of the ladies of the bed- chamber, to make it feasible and safe. A really good haul of necklaces, rings, earrings, and brooches almost ranks with forgery as a gentlemanly crime. Still there are higher flights, Positively the best thing of all—the things that the professional dreams of in his hours of rest —is a good take from the cellars of a bank—for choice, of course, bullion from the Bank of England. But this, under modern conditions, remains in the region of ideals.—Speaker. I have a particular feeling for Sterne's writings, because it was from him that I first obtained the notion of style as a source of pleasure in reading. I again recall the very moment when, as I began to read ' Tristram Shandy,' it flashed across me that a written sentence might be a thing of beauty just as much as a painting, or a piece of sculp- ture, or a scene in nature.—Henry Clulas Merwin. Sterne failed to take either himself or the world seriously ; and that, from our present point of view, is almost an unpardonable fault. If Sterne had formulated his pagan- ism in a system, writing two or three dull, serious volumes about it ; if, instead of flirt- ing with every pretty woman who came in his way, he had simply broken two or three hearts for his own edification, after the manner of Goethe—if such had been his course, we should find it easier to appreciate him.—Atlantic Monthly. In ' Ebb Tide,' one of his latest stories of adventure and crime, Mr Stevenson once more proved his ability to dispense with an ele- ment of fiction which used to be regarded as. almost indispensible to success—the heroine. No other novelist has ever shown so complete an independence of courtship and marriage as ingredients of romance. Women are as rarely to be encountered in his novels as in the pictures of Messonier, and when they do appear it is usually as the merest accessories, in which again the novelist and the artist are in close accord.—Morning Post. The earth and Venus are very nearly equal in size ; so are man and woman. The time of the rotation of the earth and Venus ap- pears very much the same, but it is not ; the earth rotates an hour less ; and it is just a little half-hour that makes the whole differ- ence between man and woman ; in everything she does woman is just a little quicker than man.—Sir E. Sullivan. Fiction is an art, or at least it is of the art of literature. The real end of art is beauty ; the employment of it is, no matter what we say, the highest kind of amusement—if we write good things and noble things, so much the better. But our latter-day Deborahs, write of men decayed, and of women whose sorrows really come from ennui. Presum- ably they want to write a fine and beauti- ful thing ; therefore they are — perhaps unconsciously—prophets of decay.—Saturday Review. As the Victorian hae been the age of coal, that to come may very well prove the age electricity, when our mechanical power, light, and heat will be derived direct from their source, and when there will not be a puff of smoke in the land, or even a jet of steam, except what may proceed from the domestic kettle. And think what that would mean for London.—J. Nisbet, in the Pall Mall Budget. 