iebe m wm. | S5SS*T is said that Lord I &S; Actc^ Sir \JoBn See i' ^ ley's sncces&tr; in the j 4-.-t Wj History cha& at Cam r . * *~^ \sS bridge, is one of the l^' , JL -^^^ most profoundly learn /cLS £3AT_.ed men in Earope, He (?? /' '?» «yt2~~iH a nrominent Boman ?Catholic, having re foeived his education ipaxtly at Osebtt and partly at Munich, under the influence of Dr. Dollingeir, and -was trained to become the leader of the old Catholic party in Eng* land. Lord Actqn is 60 years of age^ and although a peer of only twenty-six yearar standing, hoids a baronetcy that was created two and a half centuries ago. He is a son-in-law of the late Count Areo VaUey, of Munich. When Mr. Gladstone was a boy he was 1 addicted to practical jokes. Quite re cently he confessed as much to Mr. C ? - a leading opponent, when travelling through the Midlands. ' Had you a grand mother residing in Mayfair some seventy five years ago, Mr. C ? 1' inquired the, statesman. ' I think you must have had. There was a lady of your name living next door to us at that time. I recollect the circumstance very well indeed, because I am sorry to say 1 used to be often playing tricks on her coachman. I would peep out of the window when her carriage drove up, and shoot peas from a tin tube at the man as he sat solemnly on the box. I, of course, ?'? [ drew in my head instantly after doing this, and the perplexity of the man, as well as of the footman by his side, was a source of huge enjoyment to me and to a companion who was usually with me at the time.' Sailors are not quite so improvident as tradition represents them. They do not squander all their money at any port their ships may happen to touch at. From a ? return just issued by order of the House of Commons, it seemB that within the past 17 years considera bly over .£2,500,000 sterling out of wages earned by seamen have been transmitted either through the Post Office, local Marine Boards, or Board of Trade offices, to relatives at home. Of that sum .£195,630 was sent between April 1, 1893, and the end of March, 1894. The total * amount paid in . the United Kingdom on money ' orders sent by sailors in 38 years was just .£12,608,690, and over .£355,000 was paid in the 12 months ending March 31, 1894\. The seamen's investments in savings banks amount to something very near 85,000 a year. One or two correspondents have called attention to the amusing blunder made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer in his speech on Friday, when he confused 'Harry Hotspur with Prince Hal. Sir William Harcourt said: 'I sat by and I heard the speech of the right hon. gentleman the member for St. George's with profound interest. I felt myself rather in the posi tion of the moribund King Henry IV. when he caught young Henry Hotspur with, his crown upon his head. He played the part to life — Hotspur all ever.' Mr. Ernest Myers, writing from the Athenaeum Club, says: ' Marlborough is said to have got ail his knowledge of English history from Shakspere. It is plain that Sir William Harcourt (olim 'Historieus') is not open ? to this charge, or he would not have con fused Harry Hotspur with Prince Hal.' E. B.T. writes: 'Will ' Historical* whose letters to 'The Times ' have so often en lightened mankind, kindly mention the occasion when the moribund Henry IV. found young Henry Hotspur with his crown upon his head ? Most of us have hitherto been under the impression that the heir-apparent of the Earl of 'Northum- berland, who bore that nickname, was slain at Shrewsbury some ten years before the King died/'—' Times,' February 15. At last the 'missing link' has turned up. Such, at least, is, the opimon of Pro fessor Dubois, who has, within the last few days, described the skull and leg bone of an extinct 'anthropoid' from Java. The admirers of the late 'Sally' of the Zoo may recollect her comparatively ; massive and furrowed brow, which was , even bald. The present ape, termed by ,' M. Dubois ' Pithecanthropus erectus,' had. a better forehead than even Sally. And „ what is, in a way, more tc the point, the , ape in all probability walked in the erect posture, which* no existing ape does except under extreme provocation. It is lamentable that the ravages of time have destroyed all but these two bones and a stray tooth of the Pithecanthropus ; but we nave the future before us. In the , meantime it is rather hard to decide which we should adopt' of Professor Haeckel's two terms; should this new beast be called an 'ape-like man' or a ?' man-like ape ?' — ' Daily News.' Two estates, the property of Lord Sudeley, are now being offered for sale. ; One (that of Toddington, in Gloucester ? shire) has descended for upwards of 700 ' years in the same family. The line begins with Goda, youngest, daughter of King Ethelred IL This property covers nearly j 7000 acres. The other estate is known as Gregynog, and is near Newtovra, in Mont gomeryshire. It comprises over 18.000 acres. A Roman road can be traced through many portions of the estate, and on one farm stands a stone, upon which is a Koman , inscription, dating, according to some authorities, from a.d. 600. The hills are studded with British and Roman camps. 'Ton may be interested to know,' says Mr. Solomon, the Covent Garden fruiterer, 'that some years ago a really sensational deal in pears was concluded by myself. I bought in Jersey eighteen magnificent pears, each weighing between 41b and Sib, and the finest ever seen in the London , market. These were disposed of in this ' shop at the phenomenal price of 36gs a dozen. One of these pears, finer than its fellows, was borrowed by the property master at Drory Lane, in order that he might model it in plaster for exhibition in the pantomime. Fond of skating and accomplished per former as the Prince Consort always was, he was on one occasion, we are reminded, in imminent danger of losing his life on the ice. There is at Windsor Castle a charming lake near to the JBosary. The Prince was one day skating thereon, and fell in. The ice was in a rotten state, and he was quite unable to scramble ont, till the Queen herself, in the bravest possible manner, managed to sender him sufficient assistance to' enable him to get out. The Prince suffered no evil effects, but the Queen was much affected by the reaction of the fright she had sustained. There will be an excellent opportunity at the end of the hunting 'season for mil f'- libnaires^-home- grown or imported from ' -the States or the Colonies — to jump right 'into popularity with'some of the best sets, for out of sixteen packs who will be lack ing masters only four have been taken up.— London Paper. . A parliamentary paper gives the total number of y convictions for drunkenness in England land Wales in 1893 ;-at vj.53jO72. Of these 10,347 were in Wales. The total ' number, of licence-holders convicted of permitting drunkenness during the same yesr was 918. /' V ,' ?. ? '-.'.'?'? -, Sir Henry Tiehborne has just returned to Monte Carlo from his travels in Somali land, where he killed five lions, five rhino ceroses, two ostriches, a python twenty feet long, and deer, wild boar, and smaller game. . An eminent statistician estimates that during the course of an ordinary life the average man will eat seven four-horse waggon-loads more food than is good for ' him. . To alleviate the : miseries partly caused by overeating, we use annually about .£9,000,000 of drugs and medicines. The demand for 'copy' about murders is no longer what it was. Execution stock is now ' weak.' The public has been edu cated out of that. It puts all its interest into 'aristocratic functions' instead, which are very ?' firm.' — London ' Evening News.' . - Though a strenuous Unionist, the lately deceased Lady Stanley of Alderley re mained on terms of personal friendship with Mr. Gladstone, who was her junior by two years. ' He likes to come to see me,' she used to say, 'to see what he may hope to be like when he's my age.' Mr. Vanderbilt's name reminds the 'Lady' of a funny story which he tells his friends. When he was travelling in Ireland with Mr. Chauncey Depew, he used to go into the homes of the peasants and study their habits. One day he came across a man and his wife, who shared their small cabin with ten children and a large pig. *' Isn't it very unhealthy, living in the house with the pig?' he asked. ' Onhealthy, is it ?' said the proud owner of the animal. ' Shure, the pig has never had a day's illness in his loiie !' In one of the finely laid-«ut city ceme teries in the west of Scotland, a rich citi zen, who was a notorious sceptic and scoffer, had erected a massive mausoleum, on what he was pleased grandiloquently to call ' his ancestral plot.' . , , One day he met a worthy, douce elder of the kirk, a. devout, simple-minded man, com ing away trom the vicinity of the impos ing mass of masonry, and the infidel said: ' Weel, Dan tit, ye've been up seein' that graund erection o' mine ?' ' Deed have I, sir.' ' Gey strong place that, isn't it ? It'll taf a man a' bis time to rise oot o' yon at the Day o' Jeedgement. ' Hech, ma man,' said the elder, ' ye can gie yersel' little fash aboot risin' gin that day comes. They'll tak' the boddam ootxj't tae lat yedoonl' — 'The Humor of the ScotB,' by James Inglis. Some time ago the lovers of gossip were amused by the reproduction of the signa tures of most of our royalties as inscribed on the windows of a railway carriage. A still more curious and more artistic record is preserved in one of the most fashionable restaurants in Vienna. -It consists of a tablecloth on which all the Archdukes of the Empire and many of the reigning Sovereigns of Europe, together with a crowd of literary and artistic celebrities, have amused themselves at various times by inscribing their names in pencil. The wife ot the proprietor, by a happy inspira tion, hit upon the idea of perpetuating these fleeting memorials by the needle. Each signature has been carefully em broidered in various colors, and the his toric trophy now oectipies a place of honor in the principal dining-room, to which it attracts crowds of customers. The biggest advertisement on record was that giving the signatures to a Con 'servative address to th« King, agreed to at a public meeting in London on De cember 23, 1834. 1 he words amounted to nearly 6000, and occupied twenty-four columns of the Tisies. The following story comes from England. Twenty-four men residing in a small town were accustomed to meet once a week in a large room to drink, smoke tobacco, and talk politics. Each member had his own chair. As one of the members; whom we will call Lee, had been ill for some time, his chair remained vacant. When the men met as usual one n.ght inquiries were made for their associate, and ic was announced that he could live but a few hours. This threw a gloom on the company, and all efforts to turn the conversation from the sad subject before them were ineffectual. About mid night the door opened, and the form, in white, of Mr. Lee walked into the room and took his seat in his accustomed chair. There he remained in silence, and in silence was he gazed at. At length he rose and stalked towards the door, which he opened as if living, went out, and closed it after him. Terrified by what had happened, and believing they had seen a ghost, the club men stood not upon the order of their going, but went home in haste. . In the morning inquiry revealed the fact that the sick man had died at about the time of Jiis appeaarnce in the clu broom, and nothing could now be more certain tiian the reality of the apparition. The story spread over the country and created considerable exj cueoient, out was finally forgotten. Years passed. One night a member of the club, a physician, was called to an old nurse who had attended Mr. Lee in his last illness, and to him she made a strange confession. ' On the night of Mr. Lee's death,' she 6aid, ' I lett his room ior something I wanted. On my return, I found the bed without my patient ! He was delirious, and I t eared had thrown himself out of the window. I was so frightened chat I had no power to stir; but, after some time, to my great astonishment, he entered the room, shiver ing, and his teeth chattering, laid, himself down on the bed and diea. Considering my negligence as the cause of his death, I kept this a secret. Although I could have contradicted the story of the ghost, I dared not do it. But I knew by what had happened that it was he, and not bis ghost, who had visited the cluoroom.' An account of a singing black pug is given in the ' Ladies' Kennel Journal.' Nigger's mistress has but to give him the lead and he starts exact jy on her note, and sings a short air, ' with marked cadences.' Then he eats sugar, although his song is in no need „ or sweetening. Nigger's brothers and half-brothers are also warb lers, but their voice is not equal to his. ' You should see.' said his mistress, ' the other dogs when Nigger is singing. When he has done, they sniff him all over to try And find out what happened.4' Plainly these are the musical critics. . 