' Sis ? Sicntteitatf* ! ^ * a *? f ffl EXCELLENT IHYE. / A DETECTIVE STORY. ' i (By Fitzgerald Moll oy. , ? . : CHAPTER II. THE DEAD RIDE FAST. ' I look as if I had seen a ghost, she murmured, sitting down, weak and ex hausted, on a couch to await her Dephew. Meanwhile crowds of railway porters, guards, and friends awaited the arrival at Victoria station of the mail train from Dover. Custom-house officers had al ready taken their places behind the counters on which luggage would pre sently be searched for contrabrand goods ; n goodly row of cabs and han soms lined the outer pathway, beyond these stood private broughams and wag . gonettes with liveried drivers ready to receive the baggago of home-returning families. Through the glass top of the hugs arched roof sunlight was still faint ly perceptible, but was out shone by the white glare of electric lamps that made the station brighter than day. The air was heavy from the smoke and steam of many engines, and noisy from the hum o£ voices rising from numerous plat forms, the ringing of bells, and the sharp short whistles of departing trains. 4 She's late to-night, Bill,' remarked one porter to another. ? ' As nsual,' was the laconic reply. Expectant friends walked backwards and forwards, occasionally casting looks at the white-faced clock, wondering how much longer they may have to wait. ' Here she is,' said the porter who had spoken before. His companion leaned bis body over the platform and looked down the long vista of rails until his eyes caught sight of a light that gradually grew as it rapidly advanced. ' At last,' he said with an air of satis faction. In another second an engine steamed into the station, followed by % long line of carriages, whose brass handles porters grasped, running as the train rolled for ward, ready to. open the doors and as sist passengers with their luggage. A vast number left the train ; most of them having the lemon-colored hue and dis hevelled appearance which mark the vic tims of sea-sickness, a few w'th no trace of fatigue or loss of complexion, trim and smart as when they left the Parisian Boulevard that morning. In a moment all was confusion. Travellers, railway guards, porters, and private servants jostled each other ; lugg age was. being taken before the Customs bouse officials ; cabbies cried out ; the station master shouted directions ; a din of voices in various languages rose, claiming baggage or greeting friends-; the clanging of irons in connecting car riages and the rattle of cab wheels rolling out of the station adding to the general din. Meanwhile a porter in slow gait, a peaked cap on the back of his head, and a lamp in one hand, was searching the carriages for forgotten parcels and um brellas, peering with scrutinizing glance into every compartment, letting the yellow rays of his lantern flash on tho racks and under the, seats, closing tho doors on finishing his examination' He had got half through his work and held pressed under one arm a fair. sized bundle of journals, foreign and English, by the time he came to a first-class carri age, the door of which was shut. Ho opened it slowly and mechanically, mounted the foot-board, and on looking he was surprised to see it was held in its place by having part of a page stuffed under under tho cushion. Hastily snatching it away he lowered the lamp, and his eyes following the direction of its rays, he saw strotchcd under the seat tho still rind rigid figure of a young man. . Involuntarily the porter stepped back in surprise, and with that strange fear atjlheart which tho living feel at being brought suddenly into the presence of tho dead. But in a second he recovered himself, set down the lantern on tho floor, and peering, saw tho outline of a whito face, the iixed eyes of which glis tened in the light as if watching bim. Then, whilst holding his breath, no went down on his knees in the carriage, and strctched forward his tre mulous hands until, with a thrill of horror, they touched the strangor's fore head, now colder than stone. ' There's been foul work here,' ho said, stepping down once more on tho platform. ' Hi, Jack, call a p'liceman,' he shouted to a porter at some distanco. ' Wot's the matter ?' ' Matter, why, murder's the matter or I'm much mistaken.' ?Murder!' cried Jack, his eyes open ing wide with excitement, as ho rushed forward to see forthimself. ' Do as I bid you,' bis mate said, closing tho carriago door and placing liis back against it dotcrminedly. ? In a moment the torrible word' ' mur der,' was echoed through the surging, struggling mass, striking it with terror, and a crowd of horrified, curious, and sonsation -loving peoplo, forgetful of their business, no longer prossed for haste, gathered round tho porter, who still kept guard, rofusing to answer the eager and idlo questions put to him. At last a police sergeant and a detectivo, with little coromony and much vigour, pushed their way through tho excited throng. ' What's this ?' tho former asked, roughly. ? Ho's stark dead, sir,' tho porter re plied, opening the door ; ' an' I left him whero I found him,' The sergeant looked over his shoulder, and seoing a couple of his mon who had just arrived, ordered them to clear tho crowd. Then, followed by tho detective, he entered the carriago, and both going on their knees tlioy rovorently drew tho body from whero it had evidently beon hidden, and lifting it gently placed it on the seat. Tho smell of chloroform was Stifling. Willi a glance they saw that medical aid wus now loo late, for life was quite extinct. Tho body they bent over was that of a young man in the dawn of life in the ful ness of vigour. His face was fair and frank, handsome and noble ; his high, clear forehead surmounted by a mass of curling, bright brown hair ; a slight, light moustache covered his npper lip ; his blue eyes, rouud and large, were wido open, their pupils dilated, their ex pression full of horror ; his even, white teeth |were parted, the tongue slightly protruding ; tbe lips tinged with a pur pta hue ; his arms had apparently been pressed to his sides when unconscious^ ness set in, and so remained ; bis small white hands were clenched until the blue tinged nails almost forced themselves into the flesh. 'It's not suicide,' remarked the ser geant. ' Yoa may take your oath of that,' replied the detective. He lifted the bands of tbe deceased and looked at him critically. There wero no rings upon the fingers ; a glance showed him there was no chain ; arid on searching the pockets neithor wat^h, purse, nor money was found. ' Murdered for his coin?' suggested the sergeant, looking j-itfu!ly at the up turned, white face, with its grey eyes staring with terror into space, as if con scious of a world by men unseen. ' Either that, or his belongings are taken to put us off the track. Wonder who he is, poor chap. Hallo, here's something that'll tell us.' He drew an envelope from the breast pocket, directed to an hotel in Paris, nnd bearing tho name, Charles Forrester. It was already open, and taking out its contents he saw it was headed Lancaster Nate, Kensington, and signed Helen Forrester. In another pocket was found a card {case, beoring the name, Charles Forrester, and the same address. Nothing more was discovered upon him save a memorandum of expenses, the bill of a restaurant dinner, the programme of a theatre, and a pen-knife. Having finished the examination of the deceased, the detective looked round the carriage in search of some clue that might set him on the track of the murderer. The cushions were carefully removed, the carpet taken up, the floor surveyed, but nothing was left which could hint at the perpetrator of a deed that had put out this young life and sent a soul rushing iato eternity. (To be Continued.') 