DISTRICT NEWS. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.] DUNGOG. The local agricultural association has decided to hold its annual exhibition on Wednesday and Thursday nearest the full moon in May next. There was no show this year, and the committee are determined to make that of 1896 as attractive as possible. The revision of the schedule will be commenced next week. The weather continues most favourable ; and our farmers and graziers, who month ago were going about with long faces, are in great heart. We have been favoured with splendid rains during the past week or two, and the country looks simply beautiful : grass is growing abundantly in all directions. The presidents of the local Protection Union (Mr. W. Bennett) informs me that Messrs. W. B. Sharp (Mayor of Newcastle), H. Rushton, and D. Scott (ex-M.P), will visit Dungog on 18th January, and deliver addresses on the national policy. The even tenor of our ways in Dungog has been considerably disturbed recently by some hair- lifting ghost experiences, as related by a party of road men working and camped at Croom Park. Spooks have walked and held commune with the living, death shrieks have been heard, and noises uncanny have been kept up for nights and nights. In consequence of these unearthly complainings and sights unholy, the men had to shift their camp, and one of the number has had his nerves so much upset that he has left the job altogether. The apparition takes the form of a man leading two children. Several parties of townspeople have watched far into the night, armed with revolvers, in order to "lay" the spook, but, singular to relate, outsiders have never been able to catch a glimpse of his ghostship. There was an important meeting of miners held here yesterday, for the purpose of electing a dele- gate for the Dungog division to attend a conference of miners, to be held in Sydney shortly at the invi- tation of the Minister of Mines. Mr. F. W. Gar- stang, warden, presided. The choice of delegate fell to Mr. Walter Bennett, who has had consider- able experience in mining matters, and he will doubtless prove an able exponent of the views and desires of the miners of his division. We are pleased to see our worthy P.M., Mr. Garstang, on the bench again, looking much improved in health after his absence on sick leave, Dec.10. 