SOLVED BY TIME. A STORY OF THE.EUREKA STOCKADE. By J.C. ( James Crozier) CHAPTER XXI. Golden Point. What glowing recollections does the name recall. What visions of wealth, and all that wealth gives. What hopes and fears. What battles and wars - wars and battles with the most stubborn foe man can encounter, nature herself. The story of Ballarat in the early "fifties" is one to thrill the blood almost as much as the story of a stricken field. The martial clamor is only heard in the din of pick and shovel, in the swish, swish of the cradles or the hoarse cries of the toilers ; but the strife was as hard. The teeth were set, the breath held hard, and every spirit bent to his full height. The word "Ballarat" means the "place for reclining on the elbow." Was there ever such a misnomer ? There was no "reclining on the elbow" there. The choice of Britain did not travel over the great ocean to sink into ignoble rest. They were men those pioneers, true sons of the noblest race that has ever yet found footrest on the crust of this old world ; true heroes who have left their mark behind them, marks that will never be obliterated in the history of all time. They stamped the history of Australia with their own character, their own impress. lt will only be when the patient antiquarian of the future will dig down below the surface of things and come to the bed rock, that the true value of the great immigration of the "fifties" willi be adequately appreciated. With our shorter, and prejudiced view, we see only the swarms of stalwart men rushing over the country in fiery haste, tearing the precious metal from the bosom of the earth, and then disappearing like a cloud broken into fragments in the sky. But there was more than that in them, my short-sighted friend. The mullock heaps and yawning holes which you regard with amazement are only the accidents. The strong life, the redundant energy, the fierce determination that conquered these were the realities. Not even the piled-up gold which flowed with generous profusion to the ends of the earth was the reality. The gold is scattered ; nay in a few years will disappear, and leave not a wrack behind. The particles will return again to the great mother, but the soul which animated the men will live for ever, undying and undimmed, and inspire Australian generations of every age. The pioneers of the "fifties" made the track on which the history of this great continent will run. Two old friends of ours were riding towards Ballarat from the direction of Buninyong. One of them was Jock Malcolm, who had, as his son predicted, found his way to Australia when the marvellous stories of gold being scratched from the surface found their way home, and electrified all the ardent and enterprising spirits of Britain. The other was Mr. Anderson, who had not yet come to understand the great social and industrial revolution that was proceeding before his eyes. He thought the whole, structure of society was being completely disorganised, and wondered how the sober operations of society, or the ordinary functions of Government were to be carried on. He was like a respectable old gentleman caught in the whirl of a London crowd, and borne away on its current. Jock very quickly became a constant guest at Blythefield, and a crony of its owner, although two men could hardly be found with opinions and ideas more diametrically contrasted. Still, the contrast contributed to the stability of the friendship, just as the tooth of one wheel in perfect gearing fits the hollow of the other. " So ye didna' let that braw lad of yours, Anderson, try his luck at thae diggings ?" Jock was saying. " No : why should I ? He has plenty to live on without joining all the rabble of the three kingdoms, and making himself ane with it." " Troth, that's no ower complimentary to me, seeing Tam is up to the neck in thae rabble, and is no ready to leave it yet." " Hang you, Malcolm ; you know. well enough what I mean. Your Tom is about the best lad in the whole of Victoria ; but he is not the whole of them, or like the whole of them." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX .. "Aye, and 'there's that callant, Wil loughby.. Heth! The man is a gen tleman ilka inch o' him, 'though he. does dress in corduroys 'and mole skins. , They tell me., he was only a fushionless creator before Tom and James met him. A/n* what d'ye say about Walker, too, and Jones? Ye . canna óá' thém rabble, I'm ov tho opinion.. They a' seem to me to be real decent chiels-every yin o' them. There are, kunners a' the same in Ballaarat, I warrant ye." "Of course, it would be a great pity if there were not. If there were not honest fellows amongst them we should be all harried out of house and home." " "Aye, an' they pay fairly for a' they get. Yon war a guid price ye got for thae wlieeoi sheep tither day, an' yer market was at yer ain door." "Yes; but. you forget there is not an inch of the station they liave not been over and destroyed all the best parts digging for their ^confounded gold. Bother the gold. If I was not a decent Christian mah, I could swear at it all." "Talc' my word for it, a man might as weel swear as think swear words. ; An honest 'damn' relieves the feelings mair than putting a stopper on. Up on ma, conscience, I think ye Irish Scotch are mair stiçkit to the ways o' auld .times than tlje; folk ye left ahint ye. , Still, I'm í fain to confess" it's no a' beer and skittles wi'1 ye. But it maun come > to atf end» and then your turn will come. _ The gold is no like your sheep that*4 gie ye a crap o' wool ilka, year. /But it will leave men ahint it, -man, and you'll no have to go to Lónnen to sell a' your produce." l.i ? \ "Hang it all, I don't Want to make a fortune. I bave erioiigh for myself and those that come after me." "That braw lad, t Bill£, has ither ideas, I'm thinkin'." . . "Now you have touched: on another vexation.- He has ; been- all along partners with Tom and* the others; and the amount of money they have inaide is certainly wonderful. But he brings home his share, and while, the blessed stuff is in the house I never feel at ease. The diggings, you ,will confess yourself, has brought about us a fine collection of all the rowdies, thieves, and cut-throats .'of the colo nies, and, with the ' old hands from Sydney and Van Diemen's Land,; we have a nosegay of them!" "That certainly is the . pity. Thae bushrangers are mair o' Rab Roy than is a'together comfortable. . An uncanny neebur he war, and they're .waur, downright waur." "That villain Douglas is hanging about here with his gang, and he has an old grudge against me. Did Tom tell you how he met him in Heltoff's shanty wnen he was coming up here first?" "Yes; he telPt me the cateran near ly; shot him. I'm ' sair misdoubten " but if Tam falls across him again Maister Douglas will liae a bad time .o't." "jL'ñaf s exactly how. it stands. Douglas hates both Tom and us.. The brute has been hanging about after : a girl who used to live over there near Warrenheip-iShanaghan's sister. You know Shanaghán-that big fel low? By the bye, he saved Tom's life that time Douglas shot at : him. I'm sorry for Shanaghan. He ' isn't a bad fellow, but he; is going to the devil as quick as he can go." "Boozing, 1 suppose." "Yes, boozing. He started with our boys, but after awhile he broke away .without any reason. He always seemed to keep out of the why of Malcolm and the doctor. At any rate, he cut the concern, though' they were getting gold hand over fist. I don't understand it at all. We'used to see Nora, his sister, pretty', fre quently, though not regularly, but she has altogether deserted us. ' But what is this?" They had reached the summit: of a hill from which they commanded a view of all the wide plain stretching north of the two black and gloomy sentinels, Warrenheip . and Bunin yong. It /was not a lovel - plain. Across the long vista the land' rose and fell in gentle undulations," gra . dually drooping to the banks of "the little river, which cut its zig-zag course through the soft strata and gleamed like a streak of silver solidi fied in emerald. But it was not the beauly of the VÍGAV that attracted. There was something more of human interest. There was the camp of the warriors. The white, tents dotted the green landscape almost as far as the. eye could .reach-away beyond the sparkling waters thát crowned the ! verdant slopes. That was then Yullle's Swaonp; it is now Wendou ree. The hum pf life rose to the. ear . -and now a, shout, a wild whoop, *, and the little black ., dots began to hurry, arid scramble and rush about amongst the. mazes of the tents, the canvas throwing up the dark figures like silhouettes. . *, "Thae folk are in a bit of a hurry," said Malcolm. "Aye," laughed Anderson. "I fan cy the ? troopers are out licence hunt ing." . , "Danin that, I say, an' wi a big damn, too. It's too hard that the men should, hae to pay for liberty to work, and ,wha hae they to pay? Naebody that has ony right to tak' their money." "And what is the Government to do?" "No government that belongs ony thing Breetish can hae óny business to tax wi'out people's ain consent. Why, man, it has been settled for us mair than sax hunner years syne, and I'm a' out o' my reckoning if thae digger duels are the men to stan' injustice." . , "Traps! traps! Joe! Joe!" were the shouts now heard echoing through the lQng reaches and glades of the bush. . Presently a big tall man burst into view, running as fast as his legs could carry him, and riding at full gallop a trooper rushes in pur suit. . "That's Shaiiaghan," said Anderson. "I knew him as soon as I caught sight of him. Joe has. as much , chance of overhauling him as a streak of sunbeam." . "Well, I for one hope he may get off. Eh, man, but he can use his shanks." They had now descended the hill some distance, when they came unex pectedly on a scene which roused Hill the ire of the old Scotchman. There was a little tent raised under one of those gaunt, skeleton-like gums which give such a dreary aspect to ; the bush. They stand up in their white and ragged nakedness like the columns of ruined and deserted tem ples, with the remains of withered and forgotten garlands fluttering in the wind. The tent was a shabby concern, but round it were collected a group of troopers and foot police that Avere worthy of attention. The troo pers evidently enjoyed their business, and four or five brawny fellows hand cuffed together were the fruits of their chase. Still they were not con tented. The sergeant had dismount ed, and was at the entrance of the tent calling! the "d- out that he might see their licences. There were only two men in the tent, one of them the owner, who was ill. and the other a man who had only come to see him, and if possible help him. "Your licence, you infernal scamp," the sergeant shouted, as one of the men came out. "Here it is," said the owner. "Now I suppose I can go back. I can hard ly stand." "Stand, and be d-d! You will aband ^ere as long as I want you. Trooper Lord, see where that , other ghost is. Were there not two of you in the tent when I came up?" "That's my business," said the man, who naturally resented the tone in which he was addressed. ?'Youir business,"1 roamed the ser geant "Then, by G-, I'll devilish soon make it mine," and he seized the unfortunate fellow by the neck and shook him furiously. Presently Trooper Lord came, out with another man. "Sergeant," said he, "this man hui: no licence. He says he is a servant of Dr. Pine's." "Up with him, and pu with the dar bies," shouted the sergeant, who was a ruffian of the type then common, "Pirie or no Pirie, he comes with us." "Why, that's Gregory," said Mr, Anderson, "Jimmie's man." Gregory attempted an explanation "I am not a digger, and have nothing to do with digging, sergeant, and why should you take me?" "Stop your jaw, or I'll gag you. I'll show you how we do at Forest Creek." Mr. Anderson and Jock could stand it no longer, and rode forward. "I can assure you, sergeant," said tho former, "that what this man states is perfectly correct. He is Dr. Piric's groom, and does not dig. He is, you see, only a small man, and has no ap pearance of a.digger." "D--n Dr. Pirie, and you too! 1 have taken tho mau because he has no licence, and'I'll hold him too." "But what you are doing is. plainly illegal." "Slow that hash. If you don't shu i tip deuced quick I'll chuck the darbies on you too. He shall go, ánd before' he gets round the mount-will lind the use of his limbs, I'll go bail." 'The trooper seized the poor. fellow by the collar, and dragged bini over to his horse, proceeding to tie lum to the saddle by a rope carried by these gentry for that purpose. "Why this is monstrous," said Mr. Anderson. Jock took his mull from his poc ket, and had a vigorous pinch. "I'm gie an sure that cheil never heard o' Magna Charta in bis school days." "But I cannot have the poor fellow dragged over the country in that way. He will bei dead before he goes a mile." "Better bauld a cah'le to Beelzebub. See what that fule o' a sergeant wants in bawbees. The bawbees gang a. lang road wi' fellows o' his stamp." "I suppose that is the best thing to do', but it is maddening to have to do such a thing in a free country." "A free country," Jock said with a laugh. "It is a new sort o' freedom then." Mr. Anderson did bold the candle to Satan, and asked the sergeant what bail he would take for the man's ap pearance before Commissioner John stone, and £5 was the amount stated. He at once deposited the bail money in the sergeant's hands, and Gregory was released. We must anticipate to tell the result. Gregory appeared before the commissioner the next day, and as Dr. Pirie was present to prove that the man was riot a digger, the charge of having no licence was withdrawn, but he was fined £5 for assaulting the police in the execution of their duty. Gregory might have beaten a child of 10\. The troopers rode off at a trot witli "their captives handcuffed,. and dragged at the same pace as the horses took. . , "Well," said Jock, "they tell't me I'd see strange doin's out here, but that is mair than ony 'sponsible mon would dream o' in a braid Scotland." Mr. Anderson was even more in dignant. He had been treated willi scant courtesy, probably because the sergeant was a stranger, and did not know him. But it was enough to make the blood of any man boil. Hon est, hard-working Englishmen were treated like felons, and were left at. the mercy of a body of police uttérly demoralised by the licence given them by their superiors. The squatter was decidedly pushed out of his groove by the incident. He must have read about the high-handed proceedings of the Jackson-office, but his sympathies were decidedly against the victims. He was, however, an eminently fair and just man, and when be was brought personally intoi contact with these wrongs suffered by a free-spiri ted, intelligent, and manly people his prejudices received a violent shock. . "I never could have believed it," he said to his friend as they rode rapidly in the direction of Ballarat, "I never could have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. It is simply monstrous." "Hoot, mon, it will gie and soon remedy itsel', ony sometimes the re medy is waur than the disease. But I'll no say that things dinna look bad. The men winna stand for ever being taxed and harried. An' if they turn against it they may be beaten, but they'll win in the end. But whaur does friend Jamie live amang a' these tents an' pit boles?" "O, James has built a mansion of bis own. ' He is doctoring all and sun dry that come to him. The diggers cannot make him out, he is so careless about money-not the spending of it, but the taking of it. Alice is simply adored by them,, and she says the ad miration is not one-sided. You only saw her when she was a little thing. You will be surprised to see what a splendid woman she has become. She is James's right hand." "Aye, aye! Jamie was always a careful chap, aaid got the best o' every thing. It wad be a wonner indeed if he badna found a guid wife. I'm glad o't, au' only wish Tam may foll'u sich a guid example." "Tom knows what he is doing, you may be sure." "And do you think you ken what he is doing," Jock asked with a laugh. I dou't you an': me will hae to look after a' bur youngsters," and both the men laughed as they dismounted before a largo weatherboard house, over Hie gate of which was a. big plate, willi the inscription on it: "Dr. Pirie, phy sician and surgeon." To Be Continued. 