Sn Hicmtsllei!. ^ & . j* ? _& ? . «? |M EXCELLENT MAYS, A DETECTIVE STORY. (By Fitzgerald Molloy.) CHAPTER XXXIV. : What op the Night ? \ « Not to-night, Simmons ; I'm too tirecl. They will be quite safe here until morning,' her mistress answered. ; ' Very well, my lady ; I'll leave 'the four cases there,' the maid said, setting them side by side after holding each open, for a second to show that the con tents were properly placed. Lady Forrester took the cases in her hands and opening them looked at the jewels with an expression of sadness. Each held some memory associated with those who were no more ; each was con nected with scenes that had vanished from her life. The candle-light made the gems flash and blaze as if the light and glory of southern suns and seas were imprisoned in their hearts ; they almost dazzled her as her hand moved. Then she shut the lids with a snap. ' To-morrow,' she said. The events of the last few weeks, especially the interview with Hugh and the subsequent scene with Lady Port knockie, had shaken her ; whilst the birthday dinner had been a strain upon her. Though weary she was sleepless. She had not been long in bed when she heard the little clock on a side table strike the half hour in a deep, musical tone, followed by the chimes from a neighbouring church tower. She could scarcely close her eyes. The clear rays of a waning moon made the outside world bright, and though the blinds of the windows were down the room seemed full of light, for it was her desire the curtains should never be drawn, so much did she dread absolute darkness. By degrees her eyelids drooped and her thoughts became confused ; scenes glided into each other without causing her surprise or striking her as being strange. She was sitting at dinner with Cicely, the General, and Hugh, but when sho looked to was4e the latter he had given place to her nephew, Then she was in the theatre with Charles and Emily Oxley, beside her, but when she looked on the stage ' there stood Lady Portknockie, knitting her black brows whilst stating that a gross injustice had been done to hor boy and that Hugh must be sent abroad there to remain for ever. The audience -applauded and declared her decision right; Lady Forrester returned to find Hugh and saw him approach with her diamonds in his hands, and heard him say he would give her these if she allowed him to remain. _Then the knowledge intermittingly Mashing on her that she was really in Hier own house and lying securely in her own bed completely vanished, when all these scenes and characters took fuller possession of her mind and passed and -repassed before her in her dreams. How. long sho slept she could ne.vor afterwards toll. Sho remembered waking suddenly, ail her senses leaping to con sciousness in a second ; her limbs trem bling as if from fright ; a feeling of something h^'ribie, yet undefined po?r Mt8|WpW|- ' For a minute or two sihe only tho rapid beating of IpPlfi&art; vibrating in her ears. She stared before her, but could not see any thing ; the moon had gone down and the room was dark, yet not entiroly black. She began to think she had been waked by some noise outside which had subsided before she was fully aroused ; the shouts of a drunken man, the heavy roll of a cart, or perhaps a fall in the next house, when her ears, now strung to acutest tension, caught a faint sound as if made by a gliding movement at the far end of the room. She did not dare to stir, and wonld 'liave 'withheld her breath if such were possible, from the fear tbat fell upon her, a fear that was all the greater because she was unable to fat hom its cause. There was silence now, sach a silence as can only creep upon the world at such an hour and still the beating of its mighty heart. Then once again the listener became conscious of a gliding motion, the very ghost of a sound that died away almost as soon as it began. Lady Forrester trembled in every joint of her body ; perspiration oozed from her forehead, and it seemed as if her heart stood still, for a new thought, begot ten by silence and darkness, of the small honrs of morning and tho feeling of soli tude, flashed upon her, and for a moment she believed herself in the presence of the dead. She had heard that they who had gone beyond were sometimes drawn back to earth by tho strong love of those who mourned and longed for them. Was it that her boy, who had been so suddenly wrenched from her, had now returned in the watches of the night ? She stared into the gloom beyond, half expecting to see tho white outline of his form emerge from tho donso blackness ; her nerves quivering, her temples throbbing, her heart full of agony and love. ' And as sho looked her ears again caught a sound, this time more distinctly, like that of a footstep stealing over tho velvet pile of the carpet. Sho turned her glance in tho direction from which tho noise proceeded and with suspended breath saw tho dark outline of a figuro cross the window furthest from her. 4 Who's there 7' she whispered, her lips scarcely able to articulate the words, so much did they tremble and so dry was her tongue. There was no adswor ; tho figure had disappeared into the darkness caused by tho v/ril) l-e!v.*»nn the windows. But sho fi.-ed hor eyes on tho spot, eagorly yet foarfdlly, and piedontly saw the same form glide stealthily and noiselessly past the second window and onco more become lost in Bhadow. Lady Forrester was not quite convinced this was no visitor from the other world, God her fear took on acuter form, a senso of her helplessness occurring to her, the knowledge that her diamonds were on the table striking her. For their loss she cared little in comparison with her safety ; for he who came to steal might likewiso murder. Tho word which had such dreadful reminiscences echoed through her heart with dire foreboding. Was she to share the unhappy fato of her nephew being robbod and killed ? ' Cicely, ' she cried aloud, hoping her voice might reach tho girl, whose bed room was on the same landing, though at some distance. 4 Hugh, ' replied a voice, in a clear whisper that sent fresh terror echoing through every corner of her heart. For a second, that seemed an hour, she obeyed, whilst she strove to collect her thoughts and decide upon her actions but the dreadful certainty that the fig ure though unseen was approaching, closer and closer to her in the darkness made her brain reel and paralysed her energy. The knowledge that her voice was powerless to reach the other mem bers of the household, the fear that es cape was impossible and death perhaps imminent, struck down her courage until the footstep sounded close by the head of her bed. Then all her energies seemed sud denly restored, when she sprang up with the intention of escaping if possible; but before she could leave her bed a strong hand was placed upon her throat and she was forced back upon her pil lows. 4 Cicely, Cicely, help, help ! ' she cried out wildly, but before the last words had left her lips a cloth was placed over her mouth with one hand, she being held down firmly by the other, the black figure like the semblance of a terrible fate bending over her. She struggled to wrench herself from the strong grasp, but in vain ; strove to scream with all her might, but no sound escaped her lips ; then she became con scious of a heavy, pungent odour which she was being forced; to inhale. In a second she recognized it as that of chlot roform, the same drug that had been used to take her nephew4s life. Her worst fears were realized, for she, like him, would be secretly murdered. Her last moments on earth had come, and she stood upon the brink of eternity. The thought of her past rose before her ; the promise of her future flashed upon her. Then the bed beneath her, the room around her, the black outline of the murderer, lurched, swayed, and whirled wildly in the stifling air ; a sickening sensation overpowered her, a weight pressed upon her forehead, and she sank swiftly downwards into blackness, obliv ion, and peace. (To be Continued .) 