THE ) WIFE OF URIAH THE HITTlTE. By Louis Tracy. i \ lCofttiux(,€dtj . oL' One Sunday; morning, when Isobel wasjuafc thinking of getting ready for church, tle English-/- mail , arrived. , Trevor had, , giyen instructions that' all mail letters should be be sent to his wife, and: among others, therefore, she received a large official-looking missive addressed to her- husband. From a firm of solicitors, it was very short and very much to the point. It ran:— , . Dear Sir, — We regret to inform you that Mr.' Herbert Trevor, of Trevor Carr, died suddenly on the 4th inst., while ,on, a visit to London. The, deceased gentleman, we have reason to believe, was in this city for the- purpose of making fresh testamentary dispo sitions, but the painfully sudden nature of his death prevented these from being carried out. His will of eight years ago, making you his sole heir, therefore remains intact. We are pleased to be able to state, that the property is a considerable one, producing an annual incomeof over £4,000. As we have for many years acted as your late uncle's agents, we shall glad to be honoured with a con- lindane's of the favour on your part, and meanwhile, until we hear, from you; wo will , take alb necessary steps to proteot your' interests'. It 1b, of course, advisable that'you should come, to England as Boon as possible in order that new arrangements may be duly and! legally entered into. We wired you on the hth in'Bt. but received no reply, and have since; learnt that' the address given was inaccurate. Kindly acknowledge, receipt of this letter and oblige,1 ; Yours faithfully. Wright, Son and Smith. .' Mrs. Trevor, under such conditions, conld hardly he expected to weep at the intelligence. The first impulse waa'to despatch a telegraphio message to Frank, 'to find him as fate and the field service might" dictj" arid then, woman like; she pictured ' to herself their .new life , under '-'these altered circumstances. ., The morning quickly passed, and thoafternbori oreptbfa— still to find Mrs. Trevor en deshabille, for shehad many letters to write; and'alfbortB ofthihgs to think about. The piping of the' canaries in their little room at the end of the vetandah' apprised' her of the faot that in her exoitement .their wants had been 'forgotten. Ashamed"' of her negleot, she fan to look after' herrpete, and was busily engaged' in 'filling, their seed boxes when someone cabtered into the compound, "and hastily disinbiinted. . The door- of « the" rb'om 'where! the. birds were, a bijou drawing-robm opening ipto; the vert»n-' dah, had been taken away, and its place filled by.-a hide 'behind this before Genbral Bateaoh' &ppQ;&re; unusnaldisqniet, for he rode rapidly : up" and downJthe verandah befbre a servant came. Wheiria Kbitmatgar arrived be said : \- Where is tho mem-sahib ''Give her my : salaam's; quick 1 " ! - .i The native Iboked into the large drawing. rooml;_ consulted with the ayah,1 who examined hetTriistreBs's-hedroom ; asked the mall, who eaidthat the mem-sahib Ws' hot in ( . the garden ; ;the coahhman and syce hhd hot'seen her atothe stables; so she had evidently gone Out ; This seemed- to ' annoy- the-' General' con- siderably. " GbnfbUrid its" he mnttered ; " I wiBh I had been the-first-to break the news to her./ Ifc would be a capital Idad-in.1 I exfihot1 some of the women folk have got hold 'of her! by. this time. . Well, it cant be helped," and1 herodeoff. - .Mrs., Trevor, full of the intelligence from <' England, jsmiled in her .retreat at the General's anxiety? tobethe first to letiher know of old Mr. T/evOr'e death. i Of course he had eeen it in.the.mail papers at- the club, andtth'eyibad probably. hnnoqnobd her briBbandVsuooession to the estate. Sheamazed 'the ayah a moment later by calling- for-ber to prepare her clothea for'going to ohurcb., a i, . 8e««ce had compienced- when she-arrived. yoihg .curate' preached" a long and some-, what tedious sermon on ., the- necessity .off aoceptiirg afflictions, -with resignation. To keep, her . thoughts from wandering she picked Eible qnd read a few passages aimlesaly. At Iagtsbe chanced upon the eleventhchapier Lani, M .the . dramatio -epiai.de , i® recorded, unfolded iteelf toi Mb beginning , to bloeh violentlyi thiB obonld be she coofd not. for thelife of tier, telh, The Scriptoral narralive1 is, an unpleasantly direct one. There ia no olroumloculion about the etory. of Darid'a, temptation and fall. One of the wiaett- of mem a mere animal— rhe whoxontrolled othere ungoverned himself—'tia bnt a Borry speoia- ole. Mra. r Trevor closed the book-r«lmost nervously, and the conolnska of ihe sermon. dhtjraqte .heatQntiqp . i;."\hen .she., capote,, outside and called 'the coolies to bring her, "dandyj ' ,a sort of sadan-ohair affected by Anblo- Icdiah Ihdfes1 rkhen : diressed de riguedr, the omnipresent pony beipg then impossible,' she1 wona4ridfthht none of the men oame aha spoko to' her; as was their wont; The with of: thdjBenior. .chaplain approached her hurriedly,, udijMrs. ; Treyor , was vaguely , oonscious , that ther .good lady: Wore a mixed- expression of; agijtat on, and, surprise when 1. greeted ' with - smiling' welcomed "Shall' I heh: you home 1 " said the chap lain's wife. .... " Do, by all meanB," said Mrs. Trevor, " I have had such' eventful'" (" good," she WKS- about to 'say, but. cheoked herself in time)' "news from England to- day, V end she forth with detailed . the particulars of old Mr. Trevor's death, and the altered, condition .of their affairs. Her hearer, ought to have. overflowed with feminine sympathy, and entered eagerly into , the discussion of future plans, but she did nob When they had reached the bouse Mrs; Trevor gave some orders concerning tea, and was about to ask Mra. Goodaere why she ; appeared to be so oppressed, but the latter laid her hands on Isobei's shoulders and said, with difficulty repressing her. tears, " Have yon received no other news to-day ? " , "No," replied Mrs. Trevor, wonderingly. " I thought not ; no one dared to tell you- My dear, dear child, it iB not so bad as it might be, hut there has been a battle on the1 frontier;" Iaobel's face became pale with terror, bnt she spoke with metallio clearness. : " Is Frank dead ? " she said. The other woman realised that the direot truth as the beBt. "No," she answered,, " but he isiniiBing." Little1 as Isobel knew of tribal warfare, she instcmlly'grasped the dread significance of this statement. Frank miasing— lying dead": or dying behind' some rook, or. failed into the hands, of infuriated and cruel border robbers. In a few seconds she passed through the; agony of a human tragedy.. Her wedded happinesH, Frank's departure for tfio campaign and the manner in which' his appointment wqs secured, General Bateaon's subsequent be.- ; haviour, the sudden accession of wealth, and now this .closing;; news, coming bo quickly ' upon 1 the strange tnmnlt of thought in the church.., Oh,, it .was too much to:be borne. Kindly nature came-to.her aid. With a wild ecream ahd an unintelligible utterance which Mrs. Goodaere afterwards imagined to be' Bome'disconnected and hysterical allusion.' th, Scripture, Miohol fell fainting into her friends arms. ' ! - T General Batoson passed a rather Bleepless night, and. was up and in the saddle at an un- : usually early honr. Inaenaibly he turned his pony into the path leading to Mrs. Trevor !s honse, and, when he camo'within sight of the compound he haw; to. his amazement; unmis takable' signs of the departure of. some person. , Servants were hurrying in: and- out, leather portmanteaus-were beidg oarridd by coolks ifi "the direction'of the' Tonga station, and before he .could; inquire from the bearer what the commotion wae about/Mrs. Trevor, white and .ill-looking, entered the verandah. For a ntiomQ|nt the two1 .looked at each othey withbut speakingi Then the General jumped off his' pony, add ad vah'ced to the steps, i " Where are you going ? " he said. '-'TQ/myr'hnsbandi" anBWered Isobel; and ihto those wors. she imparted -each heartfelt anguish, , combined with soorn, for him who (juestioned her that, with the perfeot tact that never failed him, he remained silent. ; She tnrne'd ' and re-entered the .drawing- roomy cbmingbaok a momeqt later with somd- thing in her hand. - " Incrtiy hurry It had forgotten this," she aaid, a -fierce colour lighting up the tear- stained cheeks. , " Take'Jt ! " and she flung theihrpelet into General, Bateaon's iaoe. I He aftqrwards explained'the nasty cat under his'eye as having, bepp caused (by & projecting . brdnqh whilst1 galloping' carelessly. 0,Yet', as' . hej wiped" the1 blood awdyj ' there werh' tears in ' 'his eyeB.:, i: .r n-"/> : Notwithstanding her half-dazed condition, c ; Mrs.; Trevor was vaguely- conations that/ the difficulties of a journey almost impossible,, fbrC a woman seertied to melt away with wonderfal ea«e. After reaching Feshaw.ur she fonnd some people who evidently expected her, and a stSff-Burgedn came with'her during aweary,1 dfik journey. Then, at some time— -but when ' or. where Bhe" ootid r never remember — there rqde;a- small detachment of eowars but of the" bins,' with an English officer risking, his neok ! an.d his horsa'p legs oyer the- stony track as he flew ahead on oatohirig sight of the approach ing cavaloade. All mien in uniform, espebially n in khaki, look alike at a distance, but surely" thiVSne' Waa'-atrMigely i like; Franr— andwhy should he wave' Bis helmet so wildly ands 1 gallop so fiercely ? , If Isobel bad bowed before sorrow she. was even nibre affeottd joyi It'wari fully two daye before-Bhe'courdundbrstand 'thorbrighl' on-. the fcundredthl napbtit only followed npr i the panmlt eo >fa« that he and hje threb meo Wera given up fbrloBt,:and; brjwn dy nwtijh fle,de,i38r8»P bad ofa ijhellui ihe inshumertt cre. ' wWhitfci pohr little1 'WMtec ghost yort did! lock when 1 met yotij0ifoh"' li5 dri«M. " But juBt iarngpne a iweak little woiham like yepffqntrtripgnD'Spch.avCQnhtryt'r) a; ;; ,:i I b!;tWffd.'Werthae;retpfned.if I hpd not hei nook pa be bent over aqd kissed A lucid interval obctirfcd ft&r;, ahd Frahk aJdiwitl wlkogh': "/Yon wonld never hevp got beyond Peehe- wnr, nor would I have met yon ea I did, had1 It not been for that brick, .General -Batepon1' o " What, bad he to do with it ? '-' demanded . Isobel. , : , . ,0 Not noticing the hardness of hear, tpne.her husband answered : . ",pb, he telegraphed orders all along the line about you, arranged, for your prompt departure with suffioient esoort, gave impera tive instructions to the transport conoerning- your ponies and bullocks, and, finally, had speoial messengers .sent in front; to learn the exaot facts, so that you might he .stopped, and brought baok by main force, before you reached really, diffioult country, if it were, all np with. me. ; Yon can hardly, imagine what tronble he took in the matter, because under ordinary; circnmatanoes, don't: you -kaow, the authorities would not have allowed you to- leave Peshawar." \- ? O o , . Major Trevor, who did not retire from the service, was placed on the staff of the Funjaub Frontier Fbrce after returning from1 a short furlough in England, and among the first to congratulate him by letter was General Bate- son, who went on to say : — 'I By the way, Mrs. Trevor damaged a braoelet whilst at Dariabagh, and forgot it in the hurry of her dramatio departure I have taken the liberty to restore it with some alterations— these latter to Berve as a souvenir of her visit to the hills. I am sending it by this poBt, and I hope you will allow me to make Mrs. Trevor this small present. ' It is a slight token of the high esteem in which I hold her and you." _ " He is a really nice fellow," said Frank to his wife as he handed her the .ornament— and she had not the heart to disagree with him. As she clasped the ornament around her .wrist— "just to see how -it would look"— Isobel noticed that under the row' of pearls there:was a birolet of rubies. 