THE HINDtofeSHiGlHOST. (By Nocturnal). Fired with a zeal to rim down the^ ghost at Hindmarsh that had frightened numbers bf people almost to de^hi I determined to try my luck, confident that if pluck was needful I possessed it. Where to find the ghost and how tocatch him sorely but at last I hit upon a plan. I confided my determination to a friend, who promised to put me into the secret of" how to go about the job, and" where I would likely meet with success. Accord ing to agreement I called on him one night, and he made known to me his plans. " Here," said he, is a sword that I used in the New Zealand war many years ago, which proved to be a true friend in time of heed." It was slung to my waist in the orthodox fashion. On my right side he fixed a six-shooter. Insideput some padding to shield my breast in case I might need it, as he expected 1 would have a tough job. Then finally he handed a blunderbuss aiid said, " This will do if you see his lordship at a distance, for you wiU be able to let smack at him and avoid close en counter/5 I was directed to go at mid night down the purlieus of Brompton Park, which T did. I found my way down a deep pugholef The iclay stuck to my boots, and I experienced some difficulty in making an exploration. I floundered into pools of water, but hopes of catchingthe ghost encouraged me to proceed. The croaking of frogs had a weird effecton me, for nowmy courage began to fail -me, and I heartily wished I had not been carried away with so much zeal. I heard that I was as courageous as a liom I almost fainted when ascending the steps of the pughole, but recovered and-determined to go home by way of West Street, Brompton. My heart was light when I came near to Weeks's brickyard, and I was thinking that I had well escaped injury, and would soon be in the arms of Morpheus, when ghosts would not trouble me; Was it a phantom? "Good heavens," I cried, i fancied I saw a tall figure at the ^or Of the office in the brickyard hearthe foad Suddenly there was a flash, ©h, horror ! 1 was not mad. No. Nearer nearer came to me noislessly what! thought was His Satanic Majesty. Oh 1 what agony I was in. My hairlifted,and I lost my hat. I tried my blunderbuss, but it would not go ofE to the ground, andnervously I clutched my sword. A noise I had never heard sounded in my ears. I ?an as I never had before^ until with fear and fright I fell insensible on the tai^pav^ footpath. I had no idea how long I was prone on the ground, but the first words I heard were those of a familiar voice, " What the divil are you doing here wid all these accoutrements." It was the tall Hindmafsh policeman who stood over me, who had also been hunting down the ghost in Weeks's brickyard. He afietTOids explained to me when he first saw me he felt a little fimkey, but as soon as he put his bullseye on me he was convinced I was only mortal. 