BOB MINEHALL'S BEEF. — : ? ♦ ? ; — ~ A Fortune for One. DEATH FOR ANOTHER. (By Paul TwxfobL) O, my good fellow, _ « there's nothing in it j 1^^ I one don't risk money like l^S^w: that — not now-d-days, *tK£/% anyhow. Show me some substantial prospect of a return for my money, and I'll listen to' you . . . you can't, then Vm not on . 7 . No, don't bother ; I've heard enough. I'm Tatter busy just now, and you'll oblige me by clearing out.' - Such were my words to a .gaunt, wild-eyed looking -topti -who had been worrying me to advance him. £100 on an unknown reef. ' What you say is true, but you have for gotten my dream. - You know how wretched I am — half-starved, in rags, and in ill health. I have told you what I have suffered, and how correct my dream proved. As I dreamt of the locality — its formation, the reef, everything but the actual gold — so I found. And mark me, the gold is there^ As an old miner you know that though a .reef may show no gold it may crush welL' ' Yes, but after all it is only a dream, and I /am not rich enough to risk one of my few. hundred pounds upon anything so chimerical. Here's 5s j go and get yourself a good feed and I will see what I can do towards finding a job for you.' . 'No, no, no! I must find the gold in that reef, but I must first get some money. Anyhow, Td sell both body and soul just now for as much as -would provide me with tools and tucker for a month. Look here, Mr. Mullion, I don't want to handle your money — not a penny. Give me an order on a storekeeper tip on the Yulong and get me a railway ticket for Redridge, and I'll walk the rest of the distance. Or, better still, send someone you can trust with me, and you'll never repent, As true as there's a heaven above, the gold is there. Just con sider what I have offered you — half of all we find. Do, do, I beg of you help me !' % I had been ' had ' once before, and had sworn a big oath that nothing mortal should evar drag a sixpenny piece out of my pocket for a mining venture. So I spoke rather roughly to the long, lean, scarecrow who had pleaded so earnestly for 'just one hundred pounds.' In ray heart of hearts I felt keenly for the poor chap, for in days gone by I had been as hard up as he, and almost as sanguine. I had made a little money at mining on some of the earlier gold fields, and like many another, had in vested in a few houses, the rents of which kept me fairly well, and supplied ine with a little spare cash to follow up my hobbies. I should have been considered a fit subject for Gladesville had I even hinted at such a thing as backing a man on the mere strength of a dream. Anyway, I had no such intention, and I tried to forget all about the wild-eyed man's visit; but do what I would, the fellow's earnest, pleading face haunted me, I went into the city next day, half hoping to see my gaunt, hungry-looking visitor of the day before. But he came not, or next day, or the day after. A week elapsed before I saw the man I was so anxious to see. My first impulse was to hail him ; but, reconsidering the matter, I resolved to follow him. He turned down a narrow alley, and entered a small but tidy looking cottage. There was a public-house opposite, which I entered, and called for a snack of bread and cheese and a bottle of beer, -which I took into a small parlor, from the window of which I could sea all that passed in the street, as also -who entered or left the cottage. It was a long watch and I had almost tired of playing the spy -when I saw my man leave the house. I knocked at the door. A tidily dressed woman answered my rap ; she was a nice spoken woman, too, and answered my ques tions briefly but civilly. I discovered that her lodger was an ec centric man who was always talking about a rich gold mine, which he was going to work when he could sell a number of shares in Sydney. Her husband was: not in regu lar work, but they could afford to lodge poor Robert — ' his other name P Oh, it was MinehalL Eobert MinenalL' And as for the bit he ate, that -was not much. I. thanked the pleasant-looking woman., and asked her to be good enough to tell fii-m to call at that address in the morning : ' Mr. Caleb Mullion, 7 Pool-lane, City.' -Next morning I found Robert Mineh«n standing outside my offices. ' I received your note,' he said, ' and here lam. I; hope you have considered the matter more fully. As I stand here, Ms/MuUion, this will prove the best thing you ever went into.' ' Have you asked any one else ?' 'Yes, several persons,, but they have threatened me with the police. They say I am a lunatic ; some even go the length of calling Tno an impostor, but I am neither. Trust me, and you will never have reason to regret it.' I questioned him closely as to the locality, and he described everything so. clearly and fMTr-.iiTrnafsL-n-tnnHy that I Tnnrlft np my mind then and there to rink just a clear hundred on -what might fairly be considered a very doubtful speck. I told Minehall to meet me at the railway station in the ^ morning, and I -would give him a definite answer. I met Minehall at the station. He was delighted to find me prepared for a journey. I took tickets for Kedridge, and we 'were coon on onr way. to our *hidden treasure. True to Ms. words TWinchWH' 'took me straight to the reef. Minehali's old humpy, ?was still standing down in the creek, some 600 yards from the reef, -which -was on a steep slope of a low range. There had evidently been others of the same opinion as my mate — for so I Had to consider Mine hall — for the xeef had been opened up in dozens of places. I examinedjjuartz in all of -them, but couldn't get the ghost of a color, though down near the creek I -washed about half a grain from a dishful of surface stuff. ? ' Neve* atiad those ioloB,' «ald MinphaJl, E- let us stick in here ; this is the place where the gold is, if here at alL' So we cleared out the hole of the mul lock, and sure enough there waB a well defined reef fully 2ft in width. xWe Bank down alongside of it for 3ft. Then we put a shot in the reef , which lifted it clean out from the back wall, but though nicelook ing, streaky quartz, we saw no gold. How ever, we sank another 2ft alongside the reef, but as the rock had hardened it was night before we cleared up the mullock. Next morning, after a fairly good breakfast, we tackled the reef. It was pretty hard, and to save time we put in an 18in shot, which lifted the quartz out nicely. It looked much the same as overnight, but upon breaking it up into smaller pieces I caught sight of gold. One piece of quartz, about a foot square, was fairly covered with scaly gold ; then other pieces were ex amined, and. gold was in all ; and in clear-, ing out the loose stone we found the bottom fairly well speckled. To save stripping we put a lifting shot in the reef and that fairly proved its value — it was a mass of gold — it was really all gold, and poor Bob Minehall sent up a yell that must have been 'heard down at the cluster of houses forming -the township four miles away.. I got him away down to the humpy and prevailed upon him to lie still and rest. Having secured all the loose stone and covered the bottom of the hole with rock and bushes, I turned my attention to Minehall, who was as mad as a March hare. However, I thought a good night's sleep would bring him round, and then if no better in the morning I resolved to remove him to the township, and send to Redxidge for a doctor. I slept heavily all night — and rather late in the morning — and upon opening my eyes Minehali's stretcher appeared tenant less. Arousing myself I found that such ?was the actual fact. . He was nowhere about the hut, and I hurried up to the reef. There, down in our six-foot hole was poor Robert Minehall on his hands and knees, with his face down on the hard bottom — dead, cold, and stiff. I was really sorry for my poor mate ; at the same time in a dilemma. I owed all my wealth to him, while his death rendered me an object of suspicion, ihough as matters turned out nothing unpleasant occurred, for the few people working on Yulong 'reckoned that Bob was a crank,' and so, also, did the sergeant of police. Of course there was a rush, but as I had taken the precaution to mark off. a prospecting claim, my rich find was secure. Hundreds of men camped along the creek, and the reef was traced for a mile ? or so. Several struck gold fairly good, but not one of them equalled that which -was revealed to Bob Minehall in a dream. 