THE MISTRESS OF BURNLEY HALL. MAUGJE MMINGTOE. [?] The MS of the following story, almost in its present form, was given to me. Whatever there is of merit in it, therefore, I cannot claim ; but, as it will pass under my pen, its demerits may freely be laid to my cnatge. Acknowledging the gift gratefully, I present the story to the reader with the confident assurance that it will both amuse and occupy with interest, ooe, if cot more, of his leisure Christmas hours. Chapter L— Uncle Jim. My Uncle Jim, in spite of many eccentrici ties, was one of the good old English squires who are growing fewer and fewer every day ; and, speaking for myself, I had always found in him the qualities of an ideal uncle. He was a rich old bachelor, and l he story of my life, as far as I knew it, was that I had been bora an orphan —no, nut exactly that, but I had bad next to no parents, so soon did they leave me orphaned. I was the only child of Uncle Jim's favourite sister, and he had done bis best to become mother and father, and everything else that was good to me, in his own peculiar fashion. He sent me to a public school where I was duly birched, and that pretty frequently ; I mention this small fact lest you should marvel at the splendid qualities I afterwards manifested, and not ascribe them to their right source— the rod. From school I was seut to Cam bridge, where, with the connivance of the Don, and the assistance of the tradesmen, I wasted a good deal of time and spent a good deal of money, without doing myself, or any body else, an overbnrdensome amount of good. After this he sent me to loaf about on the Continent, which /« called seeing the world and improving my mind, and fondly hoped I was accomplishing both objects, dear old fellow ! Daring tie intervals n'hich occurred between these several interesting stages of my existence, my home was at Burnley Hall, Uncle Jim's residence. He was very regular in bis habits and simple io hi* ways ; never theless, he kept the best of cooks, and never drank any but the best of wines. He saw little or no company, and lived all the year round at Burnley Hall, a quaint old place at Greenwich. It stood on a kind of pier, at the water's edge, so that the windows of the river front looked directly over the water. Aud it had a history, this large rambling old place. The great hall was as big as a tennis-court — that is supposing all tennis courts to be of one size ; and it had long wide passages, filled with eerie sounds at night, especially when the storm winds were rattling the ivy leaves about the casements. It was a lonely place, too, for Greenwich In those days \vaa really a vilL^e, and there wrem no railways, nor telegraphs, nor bicycles, nor any such modern abominations. My uncle had two staunch friends and servants, who shared his solitude — his butler and bis housekeeper ; both had been born and bred on the estate, and had never served any other master. 1 here were other servants, of course ; but no one ever saw them. I believe it was a matter of pride with Mrs. Primly that the housework should appear to be done by magic; and with Simpsou that no one but himself should, under any circumstances, answer the belL It way altogether one of those establish meats wherein e%-ery thing seemed to move on wheels, so noiselessly, yet so perfectly did the household nmehiuery After the process of seeing the world and improving my mind bad been duly got through, as I have already mentioned, staying at Burnley hall, as usual, I one day ventured to broach a very delicate subject to Uncle Jim. The common fate which overtakes most young men had befallen me, namely, I had tallen in love, become engaged, and conceived a natural desire to get married. As Uncle Jim had remained a bachelor, I was doubtful, and at die same time very anxious as to how he would receive the intelligence that I wanted to order uiy own life differently. I did not suppose for one monicut that he would entertain the idea of these sacred bachelor procincts being invaded by ± woman, nor did I dream of asking such a thing ; but, after a while 1 did screw up my eounge sufficiently to tell him of my cujragciniint, and of my wish that it should bu fulfilled. He had never in my life let me know the want of money. He had been too kind to me, if anything ; but he had brought me up to do nothing for my living, and I was entirely dependent upon him. There was no good to be got by beating about the bosh, however, so I made one desperate plunge. ' Uncle Jim,' I said, ' I'm engaged, and I want to get married as soon as possible.' He smiled, sipped a class of port, and said— ' Very well, my boy, when is it to be ?' ' That depends upon you, uncle.' ' Not a bit of it, not a bit,' said the old gentleman placidly, ' arrange your own affairs. I'll make whatever settlement you think necessary, and only impose one con dition—that when you are married yon bring your wife here, but that until then you never mention the subject to me. Now, my boy, name the figure and say no more.' ' But, uncle ? ' ' Not one word. Name the figure.' I knew him too well to trifle with him, and blurted oat, '? Five thousand pounds.' ' Tut, nonsense. That is no use to you.' He drew a sheet of piper from his desk and wrote — ' I agree to accept a bill of £23,000, to be drawn upon me by my nephew James at three months, the money to be held in strict settlement by the trustees of his marriage settlement. '(Signed) James Ady.' My astonished eyes followed his pen, and, as he came to the dash under his signature, I was about to tender profuse thanks, when again he stopped me. ' That settles the matter ; no more, please.' And he returned to his port wine and began to talk politics. All tills was done as quietly as if lie had been giving Simpson a cheque for the week's bills. Ten o'clock came, and with it Simpson and a bedroom candle. My uncle rose, as usual, wished me ' Good night,' and went to bed. Simpson returned in due course, asked me whether I wanted anything else, and what time I wished to be called in the morning. I answered him exactly as I had answered him every night for the last fifteen years, ' Nothing, thank you,' to the first question ; and ' Half-past seveu ' to the second, aud he I was left to my reflections. gratification of our wishes is sometimes diiap pointing. My uncle had been more than kind — he had been overwhelmingly cenerous ; with one dasb of his peu he had swept away the last obstacle to my marriage, aud yet I was conscious of a feeliog of dissatisfaction. He was one of those rare men who never ask questions. As far as my experience went, I never remember to have heard him ask even such simple ones as, ' Where were you yesterday V positively aggressive. 1 should have liksd to have talked to him about Enid, but he would hear nothing. He jusi accepted ray state - my withes, aud there the maiu-r was to end, for the present. 1 was disappointed— I was hurt. Chapter IL— Enid Makes Ui- Her Misn. The next monrioS my uncle is provokiogly as usual. We breakfasted together, hat lie of the preceeding uight. Breakfast over, I drove to town, to the office of my future father-in-law, and allowed him my code's paper. 13.2 both looked upon it and treated it in a business- like manner. He said the paper ought to be stamped, bur that t nib formality might be dispensed with. He then ordered a clerk to write out a bill, directed me to s:gu it, enclosed it with a letter to his solicitor, naming the trustees of the settlement, and instructing them to draw the deeds ; told me he declined to make any settlement, and he needed all his money in the basinets, and added — '*I am sorry Enid is marrying an idle man, bat as you are in a position to maintain her I Again I was hurt and disappointed. Had Enid been a bile of goods he could not have been more unconcerned in making over the possession of her to me. I drove to his prirate residence, Bent away beyond the' threshold. Ere my lover-like grectiajLH'** half over, she whispered breath lessly -X ' What does your uncle say ?' I was in a dilemma. The actual bare truth stuck in my throat. I could not say, ' He is very pleased, darling, and Ioqjb to see you.' That is what I longed to be able to say, but my regard tor truth, or for the possible conse quences of such a falsehood, deprived me of all utterance. At last 1 sumimcred — 'Well, darliug, he says he will settle twenty thousand pounds upon you. That is 'Jferer mind about the roooey,' said Enid, — it is singular how girls differ from married woman in this respect — 'What did be say about me '!' The real truth was, ** Nothing, he does not know who yon are, and doesn't care.' But I what Is a man to do when a girl has her arms round his neck ? ' My uncle says its ail right,' I managed to get out, 'yon see he knows me, dear, and can trust to my taste. This, as may be expected, did not satisfy Enid. ' Bat when is he coming to see me ? When shall you take uie to Burnley, to be introduced, you know ?' I cleared niy throat, and led her to a scat. *' You see, niy darling Uncle Jitn is an old bachelor, he knows nothing about love- making aud that kind of tiling. When we are marrried, «'e shall go there.' The murder was out ! I read ihu luuk of blank disappointment on Euid's face, aud with a nervous attempt to change the con versation, I said, ' I have seen your father this morning.' 'And what did he say?' she cried, catch ing, like the proverbial drowning man, at this Now it was, of course, my cue to make him out to be at least as great a monster at Uncle .Jim, so 1 drew just a little upon my imagination, and replied in a hard voice — ' He says that be dislikes idle men, but that he will tolerate me on account of my money.' She looked at me iccreduously. That my uncle should not care to see her, as it were on approval, bad nettled her considerably ; but that her own father should have been quite as coolly indifferent towards me was more than she could bear. A bright crimson rushed over her face, submerging the kisses I had left there ; she burst into tears, and, before I could Btay her, she was gone. The next few minutes were a blank, then the door opened, and, like a frigate in full sail, in came Mrs. Weatberley. She did uot say 'Good morning,' but, with a fair dash of vinegar in her tones, assailed me at once with the question — ** What have you been doing to Enid \ The poor child is crying her eyes out upstairs, and will tell me nothing.' I told my story, ending with regret that 1 could neither understand nor over -rule my uncle's decision, and the comment that I thought Euid rather foolish to make such a 'She is a sensible girl,' said her mother, *? but not au unreasonable one. A little re flection will soon show her that she is mistaken in supposing your uncle to have any unkind feeling towards hrr.' I hastened to assure lirrtlial liw bad pi ten the greatest proof of kindly fecli. g towards her in the abstract, and that it was only a strange aud incomprehensible whim which made him object to know her personally until she was my wife. She softened towards me, and we went into luncheon. Euid did not appear. A iray was through the ceremony of eat ing vriib a solemnity that was appalling. I am sure that a mule; and hers was full of m.v&tery; and Luncheou over, and the servants withdrawn, we renewed the discussion. By degrees ? excitement over the supposition that a slight . could be in any way iiueiidel to ucr qa u 'liter, ' reaSied yitLn-clS'al 'hen*' in walked M°.' j Wealbcrley, leisurely tlntwiuy off hi-- iiloviis. | After him came Knid, the iriees of u-ara slill ] visible on her clieeLs. Jlr. H'catlicrley ' 'Whit i« the matter now *' he asked in j io'-e. ''iTuowii, 'SnW. You,' sir?™™ 'he '? only sensible mtmlirr of this flni^r trio, perhap- you emi tell me tin1 meanjug of thU thit I fdr your daughter is not 'phased at ' Kot pleased '. \\\ hy, his e^ocrosity is altogether exceptional* Do you want the old man to make love to you as well as the young 'No, papa: I ? , I ? ' ' Ridiculous ! You are engaged to the satisfied to' have him at your fwt. Aod, understand me, I will have no sh illy -si i ally ing, you most make up your mind once and for alL My dear, I think we had better leave the young folke together. Be gave his arm to his spouse, and the two discreetly retired. Euid and I were left alone— and Enid did wake up her mind. Chapter IIL— The State Room. Our honey-moon had lasted a little more than a month, it was time to go home ; and, above all, it was time that Euid should make my ancle's acquaintance. She knew, from my description, every room ia his old bouse, every window that looked out to the river, every nook and corner of the garden ; aud though she had a most unbounded respect for him, tl ere was always a little cloud in her mind between him and herself, a cloud which I knew his kind face, and gcutle, jovial ways would soon dir-sipaU-. I think it ivas on accouut uf this that bhe conceived the odd desire to iiiaUcacuuaintance with the house tirst ; she wanted to become familiar with it, at home in her new home before the ordeal of presentation to him had to be undergone. She wished thie all the more for the somewhat genuine reason that she believed it impossible to accomplish. My uncle never left home, aod was as eore to be fouud in curtain regular places at fixed times as the man in Lhe iuood, or the beadle of the Bank of England. In those dave it was a real cain to me to refuse to gratify any of my young wife's whimsical fancies, and as I was conning the matter over, wishing that It were possible to gratify her in this, it suddenly occurred to me that there was just one day in the year upon w hich my uncle made it hie invariable practice to dine and sleep in London — and that day was Christmas Day. Whatever was the motive that induced him to except this one particular day, I had no doubt that he would not depart from bis usual practice this year. I therefore proposed that we shoald defer oar return until that day, going to Burnley on Christmas Morning, which would give us twenty-four hours in the old place before he arrived on the scene. Enid jumped at the proposition. Simpeoa and Mrs. Primly bad known me from my birth ; indeed, the latter had brought me np and taught me my letters, so I was sure that Enid would receive a hearty welcome from both. i_'o:uplyitig with my uuuk-'ts stipulation to tion ; und ou°t he 23th Enid aud i went quietly down to Burnlev together. Sure enough he was away, expected back to-morrow they told us, so Enid and I took possession. The tears rolled down Mrs. Primly's cheeks as she helped Euid to alight from the carriage. 14 fJod bless you, ma'am. It's many a year since there was a mistress in Burnley Hall. Thauk God, I've lived to *ee this day.' Now, Knid had never contemplated being Mistress of Burnley HalL She had hoped to be a welcome and honoured guest of my uncle from time to time ; but more than this she had uot expected. She turned an inquiring look upon me, to which I replied with a dull stare. Simpson read the expression of our faces, and explained — ' Yee, sir? your uncle has said that Ic, and not you, is to be the visitor here in future. God bless him \ He hopes you will take care of him in his old age.' Enid turned to Mrs. Primly. house, into every room. We came here to-day expecting to tiud uncle away, purposely that I might explore every quaint comer of this dear old place.' Is it not strange what a passion women have for going over houses ? I suppose it is another phase of their proverbial curiosity. I had lived all my life at Burnley, and I do not think I had been into what is called the sUte room more than half a dozt-n time. I followed Knid and Mrs. Primly patiently through the downstairs apartments, and heard the old lady tell the young one all about the pictures, and detail the old legends which cluster round every nook of an Elizabethan mansion. We arrived at last at the sUte bedroom— a vast chamber, with a huge four poster so high that none but au acrobat could -;et into it unaided. The walls were liuo«i with ancient tapestry, the furniture was of oak, and matched the massive fireplace, which, more like a family tomb than anything else, tilled op about half the side of the upper end of the room. Abore the fireplace hung rhe portrait of a lady — and a very striking and beautiful port rait it was. Mrs. Primly, loquacious before, waxed l-ueen Mizabeth had slept here on her way to Tilbury Fort. Dudley, Earl of Leicester, had darkened its doors. Sir Walter Raleigh had gd-Eed upon his shifts from it* iritidows. The 'ilii' maids of houour had admired I lie mpcslry, drJdaudn'fiy y, -am had taken the shine out of it. Having uelivt-ml herself of all ihcse inu-rcatiug pdi-lR'uUra, Mrs. Primly held the Euiil was «oi going to be hurried. This sto.ee main was the wry kernel of tJie nut she had m- desired lu crack, aud its ghostly llavour had especial attractions for her. She in si know how, when, and where the tapestry was made and designed ; who was the hero wds the lover (hat \\\ as climLing iuto the wiudotv on tht southern panel ; who was the pu-et', site asked — ' Whose portrait is that V 'It i»A fanny thing, darling' 1 replied, ' but I never retnetiber teeing that portrait before. No doubt Mrs. Primly Cdn tell you all about it.' Mrs. Pri-ly hesitated and stammered. It was very evident that the longer we lingered, the more uncomfortable the dear old soul grew. At last, being pressed by Enid, she said reluctantly — ' That is the portrait of master's mother, the last Mistress of Burnley HalL' 'Dear me!' said I, 'how very odd! I have never beard my uncle mention his picture'before.' 'Very likely not, sir,' sail Mrs. Primly. 'That curtain bangs over it all the year have sever in your life spent Christinas Day in this house,' this fact bad never struck roe until now. My uncle had always made rather an occasion of taking me to spend Christmas Day with him in London, and I had never suspected him of any ulterior motive in doing eo. I was twenty-eight ; I could look back upon some house This was the first, and I remembered that my presence here on this day was due to my own and Enid's wilful ness. I awoke from my little reray to find Mrs. Primly still standing with the door in her band. Enid made no move to follow her. There seemed to be an uncomfortable silence, which was broken by Enid's young voice penetrating the shadows. 'Mrs. Primly,' she said, 'I think this is the most beautiful room I ever was in, and I want to have it prepared for my own use.'' Mrs. Primly's 'front '* fairly stood -m end. Firmly, bat politely, she said it was quite impossible ; the room had not been slept in for tifty years, she had no sheets big enough for that great bed, a.od the cast room, which was much nicer, had been got ready for us. If Enid really uished for the state room, she could perhaps have it when master re'urned, but now it was not possible. The opposition of t^e worthy old dame only added to the fire of Enid's wish, and at last I was obliged to interpose and tell Mrs. Primly that, if my wife really desired to hare the The housekeeper, for the first time in her life, spoke rudely to me. yon most be prepared to take the conse quences. I wish we had never entered it, aud upon this day of all others.' The dear old lady was greatly upset as she went about her preparations. Enid and I, feeling very much like naughty children, strolled ont into the garden. Chapter IV.— That Chmsmas Kxght. A little garden goes a long way at Christ mas time. Enid and I soon got tired of it, and three o'clock found as in ancle's sanctum with our toes on the fender. When we were thoroughly warmed, Enid decided upon an expedition to her room, and left me alone. Presently there is a knock at tlie door and Mrs. Primly appears. He mauvaize humevr has departed, bat she i* pitiably distressed. She conies close up to me and entreats me to dissuade Enid from Bleeping in the state room. She t*41s me how her grandmother caught a chill that cansed her death, from sleeping in a. room under similar circumstances. She goes on to say that my uncle had never allowed the room to be used since the day when his mother, in articuld moriix, had in insistpd upon being carried into it to die ; and she continues through a maze of coughs, and hints, by which she means to convey to that some awful calamity will surely fill upon me, and my children after me, if Enid's un holy design be persisted in of violating the sanctity of the state room. I knew of old that it was quite useless to argue with Mrs. Primly. I had learnt (even \ in bix weeks) the utter futility of arguing I with one's wife. I was endeavouring to smooth ma tiers between the contending parties, when in cornea Enid, w bo embraces the astonished old housekeeper and exclaims — '* You dear, stapid old thing, why did you I have turned it all out, every bit of it, and put the old things back in their places. Only fancy, Jim, I found all the old china belong ing to the room stuffed away in drawers and closets ; and a lovely embroidered quilt, with a legend all round it in old English letters, and such funny spelling : ? ' ' Sleepe 'neaiti my sj Ikenne folds This lyveloiijrue n- te. With thankes to Godde. arrae thou from ihy bwlde.' It is loo delicious,' she cries, clapping ber hands. 'The room looks exactly as it must have done fifty years ago — with its wood fire flickering on all the jolly old things. Come and bee it' She seized us both in her enthusiastic de light, and whirled us auray. The oak stair found ourselves in the state room. uncomfortable than could be reasonably ex - pected. Enid was enraptured with every thing, and ber delight would have made me this. Mrs. Primly could not speak for u& it had done tifty years ago. member! ^Bedtfuie' arrived. Enidr^thf'ui'in her ptraisteoce, had retired to the btute 100m. Simpson had ciAked his two -jue&tion;&, aud re cuce from bis usual habit, lie paused at the ' Are you realty going to slicp iu the suite ?* Yes, Simpson ; indeed I am. My wife has set her heart upon it, and, of course, I don't care, ' He came a step or two forward. ' Pray don't, sir ; let me entreat you not. I know that you ought not, and so does Mrs. Primly ; but it is aa much as our place ia ' It's too late now, Simpson.' 'No, sir ; not a minute too late,' he said. My masculine readers will sympathise with me when I say that nothing short of authority would induce Enid to relinquish her deter mination, and I shrank from exercising that, all the more tbat I knew it would be useless. I thought myself that this one night would soberly and contentedly take possession of the east room, and Uncle Jim need never be told of this invasion of the state chamber. Simpson did not appear in the least satisfied with this assurance ; but, finding me bent npon gratifying my wife's whim, ne retired. I heard the sigh of resignation with which he closed the door, and cowered more closely over the fire. In a few minutes the door opened again and Enid came in ; she had her dressing-gown on, and her hair wad unbound. She looked a little wild and excited ' Whatever is the matter ?' I cried. 'Nothing, oil nothing; only I could nor stay by myself in tbat big room. I suppose it was the intense oniet that frightened me. I looked out at the river rolling past, till I felt quite scared. But I'm all right now. Come up with me, darling. ' ' Wonld von like to go to the east room V 'Oh, no', I could not think of such a thing.' We went back together. The room was brilliantly lighted by tire and candles, and Enid was ready enough now to laugh a-t ber former fears. Before lying dawn she asked me to draw ' I cannot bear it. Il looks at me so.' It was one of those portraits painted with the eyes of the sitter nxed upon the artist ; one of those pictures that ** walks,' as the old superstition has it. With some trouble I drew the curtain over it, then pat ont the lights and got into bed. Through the Bemi-d&rkness; that filled the room the dead silence seemed almost audible. Hardly had I bet; an to realise its depth than it was broken by a sound, wbich I strained my ears to catch, the sound of the curtain rings over the curtain being drawn back. I lifted myself tjuietly, hoping that Enid was already asleep. The Bickering light from the wood fire showed me the rings moving back along the iron rod, with a grating sound, moved by no visible hand. The curtain was falling aside ; in another second the picture would be uncovered ! A chilly sensation lifted the hair on mv scalp, and yet eves now I will not own to the ghost of a fear. Suddenly Enid started up and seized me by the arm. speechless with terror she pointed to the picture. I tried to persuade myself and her that the curtain was merely obeying the law of gravity, the rod being out of the horizontal ; bat us I spoke the Blow creeping movement of the rings ceased, and the curtain, which aow only hung over half of the picture, was dashed aside with a whirr. I jumped out of bed, and ran forward to the fireplace. The next instant I became conscious of a figure standing before me, between the fire place and the bed ; the figure of a tall, hand some, middle-aged woman, chid in a travelling gown of russet brown, well and even elegantly made, after a by-gone fashion, however. Her hair hung down about her shoulders. And now I saw that hers was the hand which had drawn back the curtain, for she still held it aside. My eyes travelled further, end saw, to their amazement, that the frame of the un covered picture was empty. I glanced again at the woman. Hers was the face with the haunting eyes, which had stared at us from the canvas. While I still gazed spell-bound, she turned to Enid and said, distinctly and firmly— 44 Vonr nn.de Ictiau.pr. and Mn Primlv knows, that on this one night of all the year the bouse is mine : they Bhould have warned yon against intruding upon me. I alone am mistress of Burnley Hall to-nignt. Christmas Day speaks to you love, peace, and gOodwilL To me it tells another story, a story of hatred, revenge, murder !*' She paused, then moved towards the bed. V» ith one bound Knid sprang out, and, rush ing forward, clung to me in terror. I threw her dressing-gown about her, and held her within my arms. She was too frightened to scream ; she stood there as 1 did, with her eyed fixed upen the etrauge apparition, which now stood between us and the door. Keeping her eyes oil the bed, the figure ap proached gradually the end wall. When it ! was reached she turned back the old upestry, and opened a small duer in the panel behind it. Through this door (nine a male figure, of a distinguished mien, aud handsomely clad. He cast his eyes towards the bed, and whis pered to the woman — ' He is fast asleep, he will never waken in this world. There was opium enough in that : ' Is he sure to die ?' she asked. ' If so, I let us leave him where he is.' ' ' No,' returned be, ** it must be supposed 1 ihat he committed suicide. Opan the window. ' She did so. The river flowed darkly past I in the stillness of the night. The man ad vanced to the bed. The curtains hid him for 1 di moment from our view, then he emerged ' ' lj'iaring the body of a. ni^m about sixty, in a deep feiec'p, whose white hair uung down from bis drooping head. The murderer shuddered ? : -u= be gave a violent hoist to his victim. ; 1 There was a loud aplaah in the water below, Lnd the Mistress of Burnley Hall sank down j to the rioor insensible. Her accomplice made ] ? iiu effort to bring her round, she opened her j tyes aud gave vent to a piercing shriek- j There was a loud knocking at the door. ' Tell them he had taken too much wine, and that be has fallen out of the window,' | said tbe man. Then he poshed back the ! tapestry and disappeared. | She cried after him, 'Don't leave me,' and roehed ta wards the door of the room. She vanished ; but. on the threshold, white with terror, and trembling in every limb, stood Mrs. Primly. ' What does it all mean !' I gasped, breath less, with tbe rapid succession of events, real or ghostly. Enid darted from my side. 'He is there — in there, behind the tapestry,' she cried ; ** bnt where is the woman gone? Oh, why did yon not atop her ! We saw them do it — saw them take the old man out of his ' bed and throw bim into the river. Where is Bhe, Mrs. Primly ? surely you saw her pass '.' She walked to and fro, wringing her hands, her eyes flashing wildly, and unceasingly re peating — ' I aaw them do it. They murdered him before oar eyes. I am afraid now ; draw back the tapestry, we can find him yet.' She seized Mrs. Primly's candle, and clutched hold of the arras. Getting in behind it, in nervous haste, she kept it off her with her right hand, in which was the lighted candle, as she searched high and low for tbe door which she had seen opened in the panel We could see the candlelight clearly through the meshes of the threadbare canvas, and, in another moment a sheet of flame borst from the tanestrv. The fire caught instantaneously on the woollen ends at the back, and ran op them as if they had been tinder. The whole wall was afire in a moment. To seize Enid and drag her forth, was my only thought She resisted violently. She seemed to be, indeed sbe was for the time being — mad. By main force I carried her from the burning room, and then from the bouse to tbe lodge at the gate. Mrs. Primly had in tbe meantime given the alarm and roused all the other servants. The old boose lent itself bat too readily to the de vouring element, and it was plain that '«*'h*ng could be done to save a single timber from destruction. In the grey morning's light, all that remained of it was a smoking and blackened nmmi, My mind was too full of anxiety on Enid'e behalf to feel the calamity as I otherwise should have done ; and while listening to her ravings, and eagerly questioning the doctor in attendance, I actually forgot aU about Uncle Jim until his hand grasped mine, and I saw his jovial face drawn ont with the anxiety of sympathy. 'She'll be all right, give her time, aud don't be more anxious than yon can help, my boy.' Then it occurred to me what culprits Enid and I had been, entering his home secretly, and actually burning it to the ground, during bis absence. He bad a right to be angry, and to cast us out from his favour for ever. '* Uncle Jim,' I faltered, ' can yon forgive ' He stopped me at once, nor would be listen to one word. The very crown of all his eccentricities seemed to be that he was actaally relieved that Burnley Hall was no more, and acted towards as as though we had freed him from an incubos. I am willing to believe that it wc« so after the experience of that dreadful Christmas night, concerning some of the events of which I am as much in the dark as ever. Some to whom I have mentioned them say that they must have been dne to a hideous dream. I am willing to believe tbat it was so, and yet I am more of the opinion of Mrs. Priinly, who shook her bead sententionsly and aaid — ' None of us can't see father than tbe length of our nose, and there ain't any of ns can tell what takes place beyond.' I do believe that our natural vision is by But bere I mnst stop, for I feel myself to be treading upon delicate ground, and let the reader account for mv narrative as he wiU. Enid's mind righted itbelf by degrees, but bo confused ever after was her rremory of that strange Christmas night tbat she regarded it as an ugly dream j an opinion I encouraced We found another home, not so much to 1 ei taste, but far more to mine and Uncle JimV, than Burnley Hall. In tbe new mansion Uncle Jim had his own rooms, and was. duly waited upon to the Usi day of his life by Simpson and Mrs. Primly. The sice of the old hall is now occupied by a part of the busy suburb of Greenwich, and I can hardly think that any of its present work -a -day inhabitants have even heard of the last MUtte&s; of Burnley . — Household Magazine. 