MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. Mr. Horace Wheatley, who intro duced his friend Mclntyre to us, has been a popular comedian in England for over 20 years. When a youngster —he was only 13-—he distinguished himself by winning the championship of .Lancashire as a dancer. Two years later he won the dancing championship of England, and his next feat was to defeat the American champion in New York. In 1870 he was at St. James's Hall, London, as performer and partner in a Minstrel Company, and Mr. Wheatley is said to have been one of the pioneers of Irish comedy business in the music halls. For years Mr. Wheatley was engaged in music hall and pantomime work, appearing both in England and in America. The subject of this brief sketch is fond of all descriptions of athletic sports. He is a good oarsman, is or was a sprinter, is a capital swimmer, and as a billiard player is the " boss " man in the thea trical profession. Mr. Wheatley is to reappear in England on August 5. He has made himself a general favorite wherever he has appeared in Australia, and he tells us that he "loves Australia * and its people." Mr. George Callender, representa tive of the Hellers, writing from Kadina on March 26, says that the ' Rosicrucian Psychomancers opened in that town oh the previous evening to a crowded house. The Hellers had been to Kapunda, Angaston, and Balaklava, where good business re . suited, and were at the time of writing making for Port Pirie and Broken Hill. They will open for a season in Adelaide after Easter. "The case of Rebellious Susan," now being played in Sydney by the B. & B. Company, is described as being absolutely the finest comedy that Henry Arthur Jones has written. , We shall see it in Adelaide some time in August. " The New Boy " celebrated its first birthday at the London Vaudeville on February 21. Maggie Moore opens at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, next Saturday in the burlesque, " Little Jack Sheppard." Sydney Referee publishes an in teresting letter which has been received by a Sydney gentleman from Johnny "Widdy O'Brien" Sheridan. Referring to Miss May Yohe he points out that she was a member of the Company that Frank Clark brought from America to Australia. Johnny says he intends some day to return to Australia "to renew my acquaintance with the best fellows, the prettiest girls, and the most critical but withal generous amusement public in the jprtfrld." "Little Gracie Whiteford," he adds, "sends her best love to all Australia." The Widdy says he went " stoney broke" in America, but has good engagements in London. He and Gracie Whiteford are both en gaged for " Little Dick Whittington," which Johnny expects will run for at least a year. Mr. Will E. Chapman is press representative of the Empire of India Exhibition to be produced at Earl's Court, London. Chapman introduced Madame Kate Thayer, the vocalist, to Australian audiences, and he was afterwards on the Register staff, being in fact the originator of the "Crumbs" column in the Evening Journal. Miss Agnes Knights is playing the character of Pauline, in " Called Back," with George Rignold at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney. Miss Yirgie Vivienue was born in Geelong. If Quiz mistakes not the "Pivot" was also the birthplace of " Our Nellie " Stewart. The Holloway Westmacott Com pany are at the Theatre Royal, Newcastle. The " Charley's Aunt" Company are now in Queensland. Miss AnnieTay lor is still dangerously ill in Sydney, and reports say that there is little if any chance of her recovery. Tenor John Fuller has returned to Auckland, and has re-established his popular concerts. Walter Bentley has been giving a grand lecture on " The Passion Play," with limelight effects, in New Zealand. Miss Eisa May (Mrs. Fairclough) is shortly to appear at a West End of London Music Hall. Edward Remenyi's Concert Com pany is on the road, Illinois way. Pauline Stein is one of the soloists. Joseph Jefferson made his first ap pearance when four years old. The Emmett trio—Bob, Kitty, and Lilian—leave America for Australia in June. Mahara's Colored Minstrels leave for Honolulu in March. If any Aus tralian manager wants a snapshot, here it is. Paul Bordman and wife, Little Blossom, were to sail from San Fran cisco for a professional tour of Australia about January 20. J. K. Emmett is on the road in America with " Fritz in a Mad house." The Australian ant eater is one of the attractions at Doris's Museum, New York. Snazelle's stiozzle! The American press calls him Suozzle and Suazelle. Louise Beaudet's company at latest were at Boston playing "The Dragoon's Daughter;" libretto by J. W. Nor cross, jun.; music by Herman Perlet. Polly Holmes has made a big hit in the States with the comic dialect song, " I went home wid Michael, he came back wid me." Madame Melba has been playing the title rdle in Donizetti's " Lucia di Lammermoor" at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York. David Christie Murray is lecturing on " Peace and War" and other sub jects throughout Canada. Peter Robey, for yelling " Fire ! " at the Christmas matinee at the National Theatre, Philadelphia, is now doing two months in the House of Cor rection. A new dramatic song, " While the dance goes on," is a big hit in the States. Other recent successes are— " I don't want to play in your yard," " Mud pie days," " I'm tough, dead tough," " Little Dora Bell," " His last thoughts were of you," and " The newsboy of the town." Harmston & Son's Circus were at Manila (P.I.), December 31—February 24. A steam road roller is introduced in the last act of a piece played at a St. Louis theatre. Warwick Gainor has been succeeded in the Bijou Opera Company (N.Y.) by Mr. Arthur Seaton. Chas. B. Hicks, who managed Hicks's Colored Minstrels through the colonies about four years back, reports good business with the Orioles at Hongkong. Arthur Laurence is supporting E. H. Sothern at Hooley's Theatre, Chicago (111.). " ' Pete' Hughes, of opera manage ment fame, is a conspicuous figure in Queen Street just now, resplendent in all the glories of a gorgeous gold tie, and showing just the eighth of an inch more of that ripe melon spot under the lee of his pot hat than he used to show. Mr. Hughes denies the story about keeping a hotel at St. Kilda one off season. He rusticated in a villa there for three months, and during that time the press boys used to run down from Saturday till Monday. Hence they called 'Pete's' villa the sanatorium, and thus the story about the hotel originated."—Auckland Observer. A new song is entitled " Boomp-a adiddy ! boom! boom!" ^ Mr. Frank Emery is doing1 Well with a dramatic company at the Cam bridge Theatre, Melbourne. Frank came out from London in the sarnie ship with Lord Kintore. He wad under an engagement: as stage manager to Williamson & Musgroye at a salary of £20 per....week j Jpr a certain term of years. His last appearance in Adelaide was with the Sass & Emery Company, when two rather disastrous seasons were played. Frank, who in his day managed two or three English provincial theaia^s, has had bad luck in Australia. *"■' Tommy Hudson may not play a season in Adelaide in May. It is on the cards that he will go right on to Brisbane, where a year or two made himself a firm favorite. ^ Chas. Sfceen ba« been challenging tbe spiritualists of Edinburgh just as be did those of Melbourne and Adelaide. In the Scotch city his challenge had been taken up by one Spencer G. Price when the mail left, and a fight to a finish—ghosts or no ghosts-—was to take place in the local Opera House. _ Time (says an English writer) has not yet affected the freshness of Madame Patti's voice nor spoilt her figure. It was difficult in seeing her and listening to her at the Albert Hall to realise that the songstress before us had attained her fiftieth year. She was simply divine in Elizabeth's Prayer from " Tanrihausbr," showing how Wagner's music can be vocalised, and also in Mozart's "Yoi che sapete." >: Heard in Bundle Street—" What's the use of going to see ' The Hew Boy V I'd sooner go to see € The Hew Girl.'" ? Miss Katherine " Cinderella " Hardy played with Bentley in Hew Zealand, and afterwards went to Westralia^ith Leumane's Opera Company. ■ v j Miss Adelaide Porter is to play the principal part in "Hie Pledermans," to be produced shortly by the Adelaide Operatic Society. 