ELLENBOROUGISTBBEET WESLETAN CHRUCH. Manorosaor..avrcm. In oonnection with, the death of thdfbooe. John Clarke.Foote, .BC., memorial Menioes were condscted is the Ellenboroughsetreet Wosleyan Churoeh usa Sanday last, and.iwere. well attended .In.the afternoon the scholars and teaohers of the South and North Ippwieh and NewtoWn sohooels attended:. at the'? wn churcnmh, where a combinod Snuodayohool.nt morial serviesare hell Amongst the .alge congegastlon,,eoomprisee& for the most partef young peopfe,.weresm~ a past scholars ofethe several ohool rreaeted The Bev.. B. .ftewart presided, and the teacher, otshbe various sehoolt ooupied sepats with hJim oasthe dais a~t the rearof the ahoroh. The congcera lion havng joited insigig that well-kneown hyn? "Therel a in that is-Fairer than Day, devotionalaxemrse were engaged insenl then The Rev. .Smans said that one of'the objeats of ltheetinges to try tpo inflaence the yosngpople.4 Iow.aJ tt God Whom tflhi departed enpeeiotendent had !oved to rosch. With thatend intview,.threeof the the teachers who had. wotied rundedr the late Mr. Foote would giveabrieeadde?ea e ... Mr. Josas Beaa.aeid that, ,as an old em ployee of Meeesw.oribb andFoote, and dn.old' Snday-.ehoolj bond sabsequeotly a tee~er, he co)d psay .thoat.r~ te late Mr Toote w, more than en e iplr?er, a sehoo?-sperintendsot. and a elaess-leader-oloo. He mold hoesomlly pay that their iaeeeend bad beena father to him, and "be had exercised. as'. powed~fl Ainfueneoeor',aeip ver his life. All that bhe (the ,e aker ?d. $o ert ??e. that be hat eo. tso fateim otor eagqoaph trouble, anN Ihis eit deara hnow was to follow hlm esahe hd followed Chrit,. He prayed that God would help'him.to.dose. The ate Mr. Foote we preem y ma of prayer. .He mad 'his Bible and. belle. ,it. Tjapromiee eon hled in (GOdlas Bo.ok Pe no-dead stte to .im.. e treete&-thatey would all try to emuate their &an;??mev then . Mr. C. i4c n ndeivere abo a drepa, etatsnghtab ulfLae or iS~lp tohs ~et in one crner t tip Sfnday.ahnd there were three pe.enareant4enwhnhSe could never o?oget-Meir- Thomas Mattheit, of Briebane.,the laste.Mn oeeph Foote, mdsthe late Mr. J..CLFpote, ifarold rteepieteden tendent. The latter oounselled him he saker) for.n Ryeami - He warned his o of boys a~pit evil.as?giations, and advised them for odin mp wa. 'Indee'd, the in fluence whioh.he exermsed eonuld never die.. In oopiiesion,oe uwld l. ik them l they would. p~oet~. Ifpe agL·hi and. frid rpioe b4epeldtegs e.rjee.h st?.henceorth. . l.eallj.ow bymn " He'e Waiting and Watching for If?i,.h hd been sung, :. .Mfr. W..M.&eA;'m spelse briefy, alluing to the ?ood.geoliti oesea d y Mr. Foote. from whom, he elld, he hbd r?eoelved g~eat n couregement. It wea earnest prayer which enabled Mr.. ooak to leid his teachere and othere arse did. Those who were left did.not need top.ut othtd a.rb-of etera?il morning. The beatliinj, thatthayould do wdiild.be to let the influenoa of his live with them, and lead theni pearer to Christ. The earnest rayer of all should4 be that they mightoontinue e work.bes ? b theirlate superintendent " Shall WeMniltBejondthewlver"was sung, and.the Bev...B. Swrar appealed ti those who hid not.ommenaoed to serve Christ to, do so at once.. Tob:pronounning of the benedictiontermin ated the meeting. A publio memorial sehrviee was held in the chuob. in the etening, and wa conducteB by the Rev..lt. Stewart. The commodious church wa well filled. dfterdevotionialexercises'had been~ngagedsi, the preacher intsmatedthat. the subject of his discourse was Actut.,.24-"- For he waos a good man full of thee aoly Ghost and offaith" Thepreaoheralluded.tothedespatch of larnabas to Antioch, and remarked that ha. was imst the man for the occa sion. Certam men iere required at certain times, and certain times were required for cer tem mene But men full of faith andof the Holy Ghost were the men for all times, and especially for th'ese times. We wanted good men now, for we lived in strange times. He fancied that the future historian would look hack and say what stirring times these were. In a certain sense, we were living in a time of transition-tne old beliefs were being shaken, and that only which wsts true would prevail. We lived in an age when there was much gambling, drunkeuness, lying, stealing, murder, and diidlerence t toone claims of God and of concience. We sa?d we wanted men to cope wilth these thlings. Yes, we wanted good men. For example, we wanted good scientists and good potiucians. Ine Churches should not touch policeis, some said; but he held that the ChurcheCsd uUld tUnoni the questions which politics soucned. 'ue Churches should touch the great moral queastious affeteling the lives the nesith and wesl-beimg-of the people. We wanted good poisticiana in our Legislative Assemblies. Could we say that we always got them ? lad we got them in our own ? Let us read some of t.he things which had been said Ut the Queensland Parlia ment duosig the last three or four weueksd. He alludsd to onome o the sbpeeches delivered dur ing the debate on the Anti-Gambling Bill, Were they Lue men to make laws for a moral and ChrLstian people? Then look at the scenes which someimes took place in P'arliamnnt, which would be blotches on the history of the colony,. We wanted men who were not ruled by seltiihiess. The actions of many of our legislatora showed stat they were there not for purposes of patriotism or with a desire to help thet couniry i, her sore need, but for the benefit ot self. And the tune was coming when the Churches would have to speak (and far more determinedly than they had done in the past), on the great questions aecting the community, so that the people should oe educated and send men to Parliament whe would make just and righteous laws-owan who felt that they were commissioned ly Almighty God to do a special work for the land in which they lived. A solemn responsibility rested upon every Christian to see t?hat good and true men were sent to make the laws for this rising nation. We wanted good preachers who knew the truths in their hearts and) lived l.*em in their lives, and who would preaci. the fvlsdamental doctrines of the Bible. The words of he text which referred to Barnabas could ittiss]y be applied to him who was the subjct of tis memorial service. He had gone from us, bht only for a little while. Mr. Foote had, laboured for the (;urch for forty-three yearsi. Some cthem, perhaps, knew him better thau he did, but yet he wished to refater to some of the prominert traits in the character of their de parted friend. One of his charaeteristics was that he hdea definite religious eaperience. He obtained salvation thrcngh the Lord Jesus Christ by faith. He never leaned on good works for saeation, althogirhis ife was full of sch deeds- Another of his sharacteris. tica was that he was a mn of the book-he Ilieved in the Bible, and wes not trosled by criticism, c alarmed besanse some of the, professors disagreed sanBut the itterpretstion ofn some Greek wed.r Furthermore, he was a mans of faith. Praoer was a real talking to God in his ease. Mceeover, he wan a man with: a consecrated life--he gave hie all to Gods. and he (the spee?ker) believed that that was tse secret of his grea? success, net merely in his temporal affairs, bt in the spiritual inflianee which he exercitsed, and ins the work which he did. Thenotoo, he was a man of a generouasspirit. God blessed him, aed he blessed) others. He believed in doing go?r to the body as well asto the solds. of men, although his great wishl-was to win noosfor Chrisik. He became a-Christian when twenty years of age, and commenced preaching two yearsrn Iher. H sewna reoen mendeasds go to collgp and stodly orf the ministry;, bIt the claims of home (and who could easathem offt ddmanded that h?eshoold go into ceomercial life,, ad he became Cone mercial ltaweller, buht he did not do' as some off those men, did. He went about ac~bbwledging Gd; and preachii?thes Gospel wheeer he could.. In 1860 Mr. Foote came to Ipwich, and besame a member o:the great firis of Cribb and Eouote. He joined-the Wesleyan Chi?rh in its early days in Ipswieh,. and as sau~erintendent forc many years he fostered Go?h work amongst the teachers and seholars. He also becamae a loca? preacher and now hilstname was sesnsd on the plan, sn? the names were placed thie in the order off seniority. mvane could tfel tie influence he wielded in Ipaich and in the BSnday-school and thi'Churoh. He was not ?arrow-mindeds: he did not imagine that saigmnl was centres in the Church:ef which he was a member, and he was ever ready to lend a huping hand to. others whose desire was to Eaadthe Kingdomp hf Christ. God only coouldl maneumre the in floene of thek departed brteher's life All present would dler.their siaioe sympathy to. the widow ehd iepdi of tis labh Mr. Foote. Yet there was nesadness amOnmpsthem. When. some med adied the pulpit oa the church was draped with blask and there was occasion'for ' it:.ht in this instanee it was. not so. If it were draped at all he would y-let it be done in white. In conclusion, he a?ld to those before him to foflow their lae brother as he . (Mr. Pote) had ollowed Christ. 