GOULBUUN ELECTION. ADDRE88 BY DR. HOLLIS,. On Wednesday evening Dr. Hollis, mini,. torialiat, addresetd a crowded meeting in the Academy of Musio. The body of the ball wan packed, and the gallery, whioh according to custom for many years putt, was reserved for Indies, was so crowded that anumber of ladie had to bo accooommodated with seats on thL stage. The mayor presided, and was cup ported by n largo committee for Dr. Hollio, among whom were a number of citlzeno pro minent for years paut In liberal move mouots. The Ohairman oaid that day twelve monthe (Goolburn had honored Dr. Hollis by returning him by a largo majority as its representative. Parliament should in the ordinary courso of events have lasted for another two years, but through the tootice of the upper henouse nine.tonth of the legislation paUsed by the Assembly had been rejected, and the premier inotoad of adopting the praoc tice of previous ministries had preferred to send the question to the people, to decide whether a house which lied been out of touch with the people for years past or the eleotors' repreeontativee were to goverU. (OheerI.) Heneou the dissolution. He would very much like to see one of the member, of the upper house come and test the question here with the doctor, and he was euro the eleclore would give him on emlihatic aonwer in the largo majority the doctor would have. The Speaker of the late Assembly, who was a protectiooist, but who had gained the oenfldnoeo of all aiden of the house by bie straightforword nonduct it the chair, had lately oald that for the pant two hundred and tweoty-five years the ouseo of Lords In England, which repro. sented our upper heeou here, had not dared to interfere with the taxation of the people. Yet hero forty.one of those brilliant legislators, among whom were oome of the ablest men In the colony (therefore he was the more sorry to sue them on the wrong traoh), had taken on thomeolvec to say that it was not the mandate of the people to have dirtoet axation and other legislation of a democratic nature, which had been passed by the peoplo'a represeonta tives by largo majorities. He was cure that it was uuneccenry for him to aok a patient hearing for the candidate, becaueo even if the audieone did not agree with his opinions they would give him that; but that magnifieoont mooting was a clear testimony that the can. didato's views and those of the meeting were at one, (Oheeors.) Dr. Hollis, who met with a most ontnh. eiastio reception, said he had hardly te. peeled some twelvo months ago when the electors had done him the honor of returning him with a largo majority emphaslsing the views ho then advocated, that he would so soon again appear before them, with the record that noan of those vieuw bad boon passed into effect. This barren result is the more regrettable becaueo it had arisen not through any neglect of duty on the part of the people's represountaives. With the ex. eeptiou of a habort two months the Aeasmbly had been continually in session einoe they mot, sitting frequently all night, and on more than one ocoasion the sittings had lasted for thirty hours; but all their energy and assuiduity had boon wested. It had beon found that the oonstltution which he know they all revered, boosaou it had been framed by men of ability and patriotism, was do. footive. A body of man diguiflad with theo nmoe of Legielative Conuntl had taken on themselves to oppose capriciously the will of the 001,000 letolora of Now Bouth Walee, because aither that will affeoted the parsy they represenouted or becansa they choss to take as an Inult what the premier had snid about them. The munchinery of the oonueitu. lion of the upper houseo had showed Itself an absoluto failure. Forty . one men, nomi. nated at various times to that chain. bar by defunct and dlocredited govern. monte to review loegislation, had taoken It upon themnelvoe to oppose the will of the people. He must admit that when thoeu men were apponlatd to the chamber they had some slanddng, booauso it was Impossible to believe that a government would nominate men who were not representative men; but tho governmeants who made thoee appoint. moats had conaeed to command the rerpect of the people, consequently he could not sce how these men conld claim to override the will of the people expressed only a year ago. The ponition was Intolerable, and if it were submitted to by the people they would be no bettor than slaves-perhaps slaves under a free government, but nevorlhelene slaves. They would not ollbmit to It. (Voisoo: No.) Heo now they would not, (A volao: That dependa on the canna.) It does not deserve to be tolorated. HIIo had a strong love for freatrade, but, If ho were a protectionist, he would fifty times rather soon a rootrado policy adopted II it wore the will of the people than lhave pr;oeftion bought by the naaoeifio oc represontative institutions. It was un. patriotic on the part of tho protectionist party in the Assembly that, with the ce. aoption of the Speaker, not one of them had seized the grand opportunity re. aeutly given of showing their love for eprosontatlveo institations. Freetrado and prolection are great princluplen; but com. pared to that of repreoentativeo institutions they are but no yeastrday. (Choero.) Not even the young democrats who represented Argyle and lraldwood in tho last parliament, or that old democrat O'Bullivan ofit Quen. boyan, who has for no long mouthed demo. crnoey that his ronatitueney had bnhoom nauseeted with it and vomited it iack agaln, had rlsen in their sOate to say that ar much as they loved protection they loved their country better, and olalnmed the right of the people's relrosenlati vos to govern the country,. No; the party Intrignod with tll , ipper house to defeat the will of the people, and they are now unwilllinglydragged before their inasters to aner for fo ch llnputriotic con. duct, (Ohore.,) Lot the young demoirat of Argylo ezplain this fatal concpteion of duty, putting party and protooelon before the gountry. It was seated Croeythat plltforanon the provious evening that Mr. Reid had brought on himself wha.t he bad got, and a rimil hbed been drawn of a man travelling along the road on foot weary nod tired meet log a oan riding in a gig, and it was said his policy was not to throw stones at the man and then ask him for a teat, and Mr. eltid was roade out to be that man. (Voice: Not true.) If it wnot not trou hio woold withdraw all ho had raid. (Voices: Every word of it is true.) The road to reform was long and weary and the e!ectror had been travelling along it for some years, and the upper house occupied the gig; but he thouoght the people would want to know to whom the gig belonged, whether it was for their conveoience or whether it belonged to the party represented by the frty.one. It had been a fight of yeoars to vindicate the rights of the people, and thoeo of this colony were not the deecodaunts of tlbse who even dated to dethrone and behead the King to gain their rights, if they did not resist any invasion of them, and even defend them with their blood. ide waon ure they would fight for them. (Voice: WYho will fight f) ie would, it the people did him the honor to return him. (Yes I like you fought for the eight bours' bill.) The mermbor wtho Introdnoed that measure must have well known that it contained a principle-that of sending a man to jail who worked over eight hours-whlch would ensure its defeat. Theoe matters were too reriouns for jesting and there is every evidence of a confliot with the upper hoube, tho end of which no man could prog nosticate; but whatever that end be it was not to be expected that the electors of Now Houth Wales would give way to the fortyuone who dared to ignore their will. There must surely bo some way in the constitution to give expression to the wiahee of the people; but should there not be, it was evidt:ut that there would be a great amount of disorder in the gor. ornment of the country which no man would like to see, but the respoasibility of snch die. order would rent upon those who caused it. His political opinions were unchanged, and if theirs had not varied from what they were twelve months ago they would return him by a largo majority. He had no desire to enti: into details. Hie motto for that campaign was shabort speeches and he hoped a big majority. (OChere.) Lie thought proteotiou was killed at the last election, Its ghost had however, appeared in the Legislative Council (loughter and applause), and it was now pro. posed to clear away this last relio of the doctrine. After rending the speech delivered in that hall on the previous evening, he was convinced that so far as Ooulbnrn wan con corned, protection had no vitality in it. There w?t nothing in that speech which called for no anawor. If at any rate they wished him to deal with the qunetion hoe was prepared to go on. [The candidate here neked for a show of hands an to whether or not he would enter upon a oonsideratiou of the subject, and the vote being decidedly in the negative hepasned on to other subjects.] Referring to bills which had boon sent up Itrm she Ligilativo An. eumbly to the unaoll, ho found a numbor that had received summary treatment. The bill, for example, for the regulation of the hours of work in coal-mince was not even decently considered. Then there followed a bill, which, if carried, would be calculated to throw light on the industrial struggles which in this country had done more injury to the colony than the most severe droughts. This was hardly looked at. Besides these then were the tariff reform and taxation bills, the treatment of which had led to the present crisis. Hoewas not vcry micuh in love with an income tax and war sorry it was bound up with a tax on land. Out of allegiance to the one he felt called upon to support the other, On the anmo principle, when exemptioen were proposed in conecation with the land tax, he and a few othere did all they could to prevent their exemption being given efleot to. Heo thought tho Premier had made a mistake in the proposal, for it wan his balief that the small man had no desire to escape his fair share of taxation no long no the big man bore also his due pro portion. (Applanou.) He regarded Mr. lReid'o proposals respecting the upper honuse An a great reform, although not meeto ing the wisheu of all. In its amended state it would be as good a eample of a second chamber no they could get. In addition to limiting the period for which a man would be entitled to a seat in the Council, the Premier proposed that it the upper house twice refused to give effect to money bills passed by the Aneembly the latter would boempowered to treat measures so circumatanced ns if they had boon approved of. In other matters it was proposed that when an agreement be. twceen the two houses wan not possible the people be called upon to dooldo by means of the referendum. Thuoe in themrolves were greater reforms than any advooated for the last thirty years. Of course there existed, be know, conasiderable differoneo of opinion no to the necetaity of a reound chamber. His experianceu atisfied him that a seound chamber could be made to do good service provided it were in tnoh with the people and serborvient to the Assembly. It hap. poeed at times, and be had aeon ouch cases himself, that measures were rrlhedo through the Assembly. By refunin, for a time to give sanction to measureos f! this nharactur, by modifying the wording of a hasteily drawn up bill, and in uther ways the Councll might rendor useful service. Thie was totally dif farent to the Council having the power, or assuming it, of standing in the way of trinm. phant demooraey and ordering it to stand back. (Applause.) He was gltd thin couflict had arison, as by it the people were called upon to examine the constitution under whioh they live. At a later period tbev would ba asked to consider the larger quoa. tion of federation, and by now dinorvoring any fiats In our own parliament we would fo careful not to have them repeated to the federal parliament. (Applause.) Profiting by the leoson of this deadlook the people would ceo that nothing crept In in their system of government whiah would enthral their ohlldren. (Applaosoe.) tHe would go back--there was no doubt abhnt it-with thin message to the Aasembly anid to the Conuoll. "The electors of Goulbuor out of rospect to the rights of man nod as free voters, by virtue of the duty they owe tuomeolves as ianhoritora of a freeou syotem domond that you so fram the oeonstiution that it will give oefflect to tihe wishes of a freou people. They call upon you to do this in time before any violent rupturchaes doatroyed the seored charm that hedges round our oot atitution. TL'hoy call on you as its delendorn to come to the rosteaoa and make it workable and thus prevent a revolution." (Loud tup ploaus, fitring whioi the a?ndidata reamotd hlia 5e.0). It hlavingli bceen announced thalnt the vandi date wain prepared to answer questelon, lfr. P'. T. urlto asneked Dr. Holile if he balieoed In Iehtrade bIcauseo , in hin opinion, proton. tlon ipreeld on the working olasoan. Dr. nllints: Tnat wan just why Ihe did aobject tIo Iprotitoln; but there was another reason, namely, tlhat proleotlon ecouraged monaopolles. iMr. Iurltk: Now, having admitted that thIe dulles lhould hbn removed boauria oan ?ny that tlhey press on the workers, why not vote on tIe same prtnolpls for outtinj down the high ElczlirE of civil err?attE, cicee they enlo are a Lurde n on the pople? Dr I!ollir: That waE a vcry funny ques. tion. (A voice: " Le?Aer; no fonny thri neEs.") He had elwsys giren it to them trraight, and they would got it ttfright in this inetance; but bhe climed the right of bnewering the qogetion in hit own way. The quetioon ?uninded him of ?oother one which had egitatcd F. certain philosophical society for a long time, nomely,-" iWhy did a dead firh weigh mote than a lirve oone The problem puzzled a good many, till at last a hard-headed sotclhmau bethought himself of ahkiug if it weie n fEct that the decd fish weighedo mo?re thin the lire one, when the bubble hrret. Hie own position in regard to retrenchment wso on B tomewbht like footing. WV.u his quos tioner to eure that he hbd voted a eo?gget;ed? If the records of the honoe were locked up it would be found that he hadl oted retrench ment in 1892 nod 18693. When in 1891 the cry was again raised he oaid that big men who had influence in the houre were allowed to slip through, and he thou delormined that before committing himself to a redoction of any nsltry be would want to be estirfied that tho party rching for retrlnchment knew some thing of the duties attaching to the position of the individual be would retrnch. Tlhat was hie attitude on the occarion of Mr. Miller eaking the boune to curtail the enlary of the clerk of the zeocutive council. He iaked iMr. Miller what he knew of that man'e duties, and all the member for Mou?ro could osy was that the party was a clerk. Till a man asking for rretronhment war in a poullion to offer better reasons for his demnod he declined to follow such a one. He wea prepared to retrench, nod further he wae in a position to insist upon retrenchment, becnne oe bed onever naked n favor of any civil servant; but he obj(cted to a system which allowed of those who had in flenoce behind them eaenping their chare of the effects of retreoohment. Mr. turke: Woas it a taot that Mr. Cook belonged to the government wdich offered lMr. Eddy £4000 a year, gave him a twelvo months' leave of abceneo, end a donation of £1800 towarde his expopenses? Dr. Hollis: Mr. Cool: was a member of the oabinet, and fir. Reid did offer Mr. Eddy £4000 a year, but subject to the content of parliament. Mr. Eddy's oabcnce from the colony showed him that there was no 0nocs city for this extra £1000; yet sooner than ceo the railways return to the old syestem of political patronagt he would be prepared to pay Mr. Eddy £4000 a year. However, as he had said, the way in which the railwayr wore being managed in his absenco caused him (Dr, Hollis) to conclude that before this in. crease was voted he would want to have good reasons addnuced in support of the increace. (Applauto) Mr. Burke: Did you vote for or sanction the part payment to Mr. Eddy of £600, a por tion of the £18001 Dr. Hollio: fla had never done so; in fact he had not the opportunity, no this money had not appeared on the estimates. Mr. Burke : Are you in favor of abolishing the pension system? Dr. Hollis i Except in the eeo of judges he would abolish peneions. Mr. Burho asked the candidate how he reconciled having spoken and voted against the Eight Hoar Bill with his pledges to sup poxt ouch a measure, it being one of the planks of the labor platform no which he was first elected f Dr. Hollie said that when he first appearod before the elooture in 1801 he expressed him self in favor of eight hours in casue to which the principle applied. He had ninco then had an opportunity of applying it to work in onal. mines end had voted for that; but he could not vote for a crude bill which made it p. i.l for a man to work over eight hours. He had never promised anything of the kind and never would. (Heoar, heor). Aeked if he was in favor of the total exlu-. sion of alieons, the candidate 'replied that ihe did not know how his friend would get here if hl were. (Laughter). Mr. Buoobell wished to know if Dr. Hollis woa in favor of the eonsolidated revenue being made a benevolent institution for the civil servieo and the candidato replied " certainly not." Mr. Bushebll: Have you done anything to prevent money from being drawn from that oource to suporannuato civil eorvante P Dr. Hollie: The civil servants on tho sunper. annuation list pay 4 per cent. towards the fund, thin payment being dedouted from thl ir oalaries, and in his opinion many of them would bn gl-d if the practice were aboliuhed. Mr. Bushell: When the Stuart govern. mont went into power £10,000 was voted from the coonolidated revenue, but the country was given to understand that no more would be tnken, Wince than the revenue had been drained to the extlent of £200,000. What had been done by the candidate to prevent thait Dr. Hollit replied that this was a matter a private member could not possibly deal with. Asked for his views on mining on private property he said provided a person gave a reasonable gouarantee to restoro thie surface damage done to land, andi to make good any other injury hoe hould be allowed to mino on private property with the least poseible lot mality. Asked why he would pot tbo whole burden of taxation on lanud, he said that there was a value which acorued to land from no effort on the part of the holder and by reaoon of the expenditure of publio money on works tlnt beotnefittod that land, and this value should be tared as it belonged in reality to the com munity. Mr. Looke : If the land values referred to belonged to the community, why should not the community got tho foll value instead of only a portion as proposed by the land tax? Would the caonndidate insist on the community gotting the fu ll vlue ? Dr. Hollis replied that he was only one of 125\. He could not do this himeelf. Mr. Locko asked the oaudidato if he wonld support a proposal tho effeoot of which would be to give the land valueoo to the community, and Dr. Hollis replied that to be consistent he wonld have to do so. Mr. A. Townoond in propooing a vote of confldence said ther weore some thinge which Dr. Hollit had done sine ine was their repro. aenltativo that ptrhaps they wore not all prepared to endorse; but as a npporlter of the premier and his polioy ill favor of demo. araony he auonsidered the ondidato deserved a continiation of their enpport. Tho motion ano neooonded by Mr. E. Howard and carried on the show of hands. Dr. Hollie in returuing thaouk soaid tlhat he thought it was time inourtiono were mode into the neighbouring electoratoe. Tllhey should not rest ounteut with abig majority in Gonulbrn, Ie moved a vote of thanks to tmhe mayor, who was a mont onellent obairmanu. Mlr. A. Mhltohell In oeuonding the moton soaid he would bo glad of the opportunity affordtd him next weol of ruhbing out Mr oartlts noame. It was n waste of lime fort' iMr. Barrett to come forward, and ho hoptd the rosoult ol the vote on polling day would anneo him not to again cntur the field. The motion was carried with aclamatlion, and tbh mayor having exproaud his thanks thre chboors wore called and given for Dr. Hollis, whol then asked for three more for the premier and free roprosentatiou, hils indila. lion belng warmly responded to, 