THE EASTEE GHOST. w It was & most blossomful Easter morning in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as thoae that lured Persephone to the under world shook their tiny golden goblets in the sunshine. Chinese magnolias, with their smooth, lavender-colored rides, held draughte off sweetness for the breezes to rip.. Yellow jessamine dangled a thousand golden bells from pillar or. tall cedar. , . .. . _ Cecil Lee Vert felt a driicious thrill of joy at the fdlluess of spring and sunshine. He had fasted strenuously ail -Lent, but all the austerities practised by the young rector of St. Lazarus could not keep down the bnoyant physical strength of him. Bat bis asc9ticism helped to build upon him a tool of suoh power that it seemed to one and another of his congregation that he but thought of a needed freform in his world, and, lo, it was accomplished. Oa all the eleotrio currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay hand for good. But there was one thing he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere near an accomplishment ; the Gains household could not be interested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for decoration, hue they were otherwise wholly careless. They were new to the town, having come to iive in an immensely old house, as Alabama hoases go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were charming people; Maebelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. - Cscil had met her and her betrothed walking toward her home in the twilight last evening. Maebelle Held a hand ted of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just a? magnificent and; soulless as thfey. Now with the richness of the morning snd the strength of a fast breaking in him he de termined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long avenue of Magnolia- hall grounds before early services. Under a gold-powdered cedar, rioh with its lustre of infinitesimal nue blcom, he saw the lovers seatad He saw that they were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but half heap were these : "Don't you think, Maebelle, that we might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr — — " " And why, pray ?" interrupted Maebelle's full, sweet tones, " why are we to have any mihister?" " Why, Maebelle, did you over see a wedding without a minister f " X have read of being married by a pro bate judge, or something like that." " But people in our position ! The news mongers, in print . and oat, wouldn't wunt a better morsel ; "Youhavs taught me all this," declared Mkebelle ; "and you wish me now, because cuBtem, fashion . wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing X cannot honor. You go-too far," owed Tom. Tomjwaa only enough of au agubstio to be comfot'm- : able to his clique ; it had never obentred to him to cut ehort his pew rem or refuse an invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Maebelle was bo deep and amoere that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing; not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped boa-mots and sauve little sneteings that made' up pretty mhoh of his Stook-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebeile had proved too apt a pupil. ' But here is Iiee Vert !" exolauned Kskew. I'll ask him tf I am not right." A Mies Maebelle is- right," declared Lee Vert, "Ipurtly guees, _I partly matter of discussion . One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love tail idefend."' ; Tom £Skew looked froteningly out over the lake with its glistening ripple and its islands oflily-pads. V " Why can you ' not enlist with nt ?" admd Lee Vert ; all this celdhtai in the midst of generons warmth and beauty of nature, all tins fiippaney of doubt against his warm zeal, was well-nigh insupportable to him. " "I cannot hriieve so toroibly as teie must to bc witii youj in fche elements of theua. steilt'! said ItaejbeUo. : -%m was moro annoyed than he conld have beltevcd possibte f He. stooped and plucked :one . the, white hyaciaths that, stretched in a wide border before them like an opened i scroll with its woeful ail ai 1 written on the blithe epring-iide. "I find it bud to believe," said Lee Vert after a pause, appropos of nothing, as he reached for a spray of Jessamine, "that these beautitui and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within." Unseen bat potent," murmured Tom. Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Iiee Vert," laughed Maebelle ; and as to you, Tom, you will soon be ready to believe in our ghost?" ' Yes," continued Maebelle, lightly, "since we have moved to this house every member of the family, myself excepted, have either seen a sight or frit — a — something — which was worse." What have they seen?" asked Tom eagerly. " Ob, the usual thing," laughed Maebelle ; ' all white, quite comma il fait.' " Who saw it ? ' Tom bent towards her iu his eagerness. " Dignify our ghost with a personal pro noun, if you please !" " Who saw her?'' " Ah r you think her at once a woman. You are right. But I will begin the story at the beginning," suggested Maebelle, her bright, pleasant faoe-unlike enough a weird story. " It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of eowardioe, came home late frcm a Univer sity data supper a few weeks after our arrival ; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darkness. He stepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he had left on the mantel. No sconer Lad he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame him. Iu the first surge of. fright he braced Himself for ihe defensive, but in an instant he felt ashamed cf his sense muscles — yet a greater terror swept over him. Every separate hair stood on his head. He felt some' pervading presence in the room. He heard the softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even in his flight he managed to strike a match. No one was to bs seen." Did he see nothing ?" Tom's eyes were very eager. " Nothing,'' smiled Maebelle ; ' but if you still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret's story. Fonrnights ago baby Garland was in snch a tantrum as the sweetest babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and cousin Margaret, hearing his orying and- having a marvellous power with babies, started' down the stairs to come to him. " Half-way down stairs- 1 heard her call very excitedly to me, ' Maebelle ! Maebelle ! How could you frighten me so V I heard her say. And as pale as one of these hyacinths she rushed into mother's room. Why, Maebelle ! you in here !' she exclaimed. ' Of course I am,5 I said ; ' 1 have been ia here worrying with baby this hour aud mora. " 'I saw you,' she declared, 'as distinctly as I see you now. Not your face ; that was hidden. But your figure, your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the music-room door, as if you were just about to step into the hall.' "You beckoned to zne so anxiously, co strangely — — ' ' Little Archie, who has never known a touch of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room aod hall. No one was to be seen. " Mother looked startled at the story, just as Tom does now," laughed the fair narrator ; " and she told us that two nights before that she had seen a. white -hand reaching from be hind that very portiere and beckoning to her. Thinking it me, , for it seemed to be the hand and arm of a tail person, she hurried into the" drawing-room, and, though in the twilight she could see every object in the room dis tinctly, she could discover no one. " Aunt Lootie threw np her black hands and lamented aloud, Our ghost would never leave thi3 house !' she cried. " Now," it is truth," continued this unbe lieving teller of ghost teles, that we could not get servants to stay with us when we came here, only old Lootie and Wash, who would leave us for nothing. They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, and saw strange figures even at coon. A strange sunshine ghest ours is, Tom," ehe said, laughing at his eager face ; " it will appear either night .or day as it choose?. We had a small addition made to the old house," and then the servants were ready enough to hire to us ; they said new planks would drive off the spirits. But even new plank has failed to rid us of our haunting woman with the beckoning hand." " Now t shall tell what I myself saw," de clared Tom, the second time I c&me; here to visit this house. It was 2 o'clock at morn- ing, you remember, when my train brought me Here from. Ohafctenooga, ; I expected oidy joe to be up fo receive me, of course, the. hour bring so unearthly. What was my amazement as we drove" up the avenue of magnolias, to see a tati young woman in wtote standing alone at the. front door. There was no light in ail .the house. I wondered, yOu Shotild be up and alone at such an hour. - I had the hackman stop and put me out half way up the avenue. This he was glad to do, for his horses were lifting their heads mid snorting . with suppressed excitement. His own eyes were big as sauoers. Thinking the figure to be you, I arid no word of it tohinij of course. I walked ug the avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sense of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so dull ef indescribable grief - riricktateqireBsion, that it seemed almost a sacrilegeto approaohit. i ""But as I o&me; ae&rer;, the figure floated, with all Ua draperiri' astir, aoxcaa the. broad ga&riy;, doim the lofty flight of steps out 4 luto the garden. But tirnt I did not see the faee I could hares worn it was you. "As I was about to tnrn to follow it I heard Joe's cherry Hello, ' and he fltaff wide the hall door. All well? I asked. Sound as a top, be said. _ "Where are, where te Maabdlet asked. ; ' «' 1 In bed,' said he. . t . "Somehow I couldn't mj a 04 the figure." 4 The voting niihfetinY felpteceB a iftDonica wide opened, undu&iglea; white and redlike the rih mingling In alover 'sheart nf white despair at the truth of sobb hbppi- cesa and regal h ope of desire's perfect fulfil- 'eeemed to him preposterous that a sum wbo professed himself as fall of floubt as (Tom Eskew should con over so credulously suoh impossit>le stories. ".Of course we havearaiaon fl'etre for our ghost," explained Maebelie, lightly. "Aunt Lootia say s her grandmother— who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Aunt Lootie herself was in the old days— told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh and to scoff at anything. In the height of her youth and beauty she was thrown from a horse and received on Injury which she never recovered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootie, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring she would, If . possible, return to warn all sneerers to beware of misbelief of their bettep. " " It is a sad story," said Lee Vert. " If it is true," said Maebelie ; " but she has not, you see, kept her word as for as I am concerned." " She may yet," senteiitiously from Tom. "Y>'hat has come over you, Tom?" queried Maebelie, with a puzzled smile. " If she does or does not appear to you, it should make no difference in your belief, or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelie," said Lee Verf, rising as Ms church bells rang out cheerily. " If I can persuade Maebelie to it, you will marry us, will you nbt?" asked Tom. ''No," answered Lee Vert;" I cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and my holy office." Tom flashed hotly, but Haebblle reached out her strong young baud to grasp Lee Vert's. "You are right," she said ; "and be assured £ will never let Tom ask you unless I become as you are." AU the bells of all the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, add the Maroh sunlight grew brighter and "richer, but Maebelie and Tom safe wrapped each in a new diooDtent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave more to his agnosticism than that school was like to give to him. He saw that he could never make Maebelie accord any show of deference to that great and important society, the Churoh, that anyhow marries and buries us, no matter how ne w-school we grow. The uncomfortable thought of death came to him, a burial without a -service, and A monument bearing thereon sme text of Plato. He couldn't imagine a housefulof children with no one to hear them say their prayers. It was a most excellent arrangement to have a Being who threatened "and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters lor young pieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wife battling with tears with one's . manly doubts. Maebelie, too, was disappointed in Tom. Hew much nobler appeared the young minister, firm, immovable in his convictions, mistaken though, they might he. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day' became a very heaviness of rich gold. 'Sud denly the sWeethess of spring flowers, jessa mine, narcissi, hyacinths, became .deadly in its intensity. Suddenly Maebelie caught sight of a figure floating toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung them selves in an eost&cy; of despair. Maebelie saw, or thought she saw, what no other human being had seen, the face of the thing. It was a face whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet ever- changing angnish. It was a horror of fair ness, of delicacy. ' As the form, light, graceful, beautiful, yet. a very ingpiration of horror, drifted, almost, it seemed, to Maebelie, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she sprang up from the garden seat, her own form palpitating, Her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. A moment ! and, with the blackness of death all about her, she sank into her lover's arms. It was long months before Maebelie could rise from the bod where brain fever prostrated her. In the long night watches, checkered with days of suffering, she learned lesions of deeper import than those of any ghost, or wraith,, or eptll of springtime could teach her. It was Eagtertide again when. Tom, tumbled of his arrogancy, yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at his approaching marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people w ere never explained. "Whether it' was re flection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of white shadows from wind blown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake's ion g ripples and of the toss of milky fountains, or whether fee young minister (eor- rowing in the midst of his lofty exaltation of Lastertide at remembrances of fee flippant talk of two doubters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows) printed unwittingly, in the mind ha thougbtof, the figments of his own fancy : or whether the coming fever of the brain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forerunners; none could say. " h 5 ear did town' experienced a boon." as many other old Southern towns have. T tie lawn abont the Grains' house was cut by opening up of new streets, the lake drained off, lots were sold off. Magnolia wove at gilt-edged prices. ' "The lilies, the rest mnoiias, the Chinese magnolias, -the yellow jessamine, and the mofitof the Hponicas vanished before the rush of pro- ?- 8 a&d; rows of tenement hpuses.--M. ryq» In <ry. Y. gome 'Housekeeper: " Those- eggs you sold- joe were stale, and I asked you for Jresh- « rrn, egs ' ' Smart Groesr's Assistant : Those eggs are fresh, inadame, not ted, and they are laid ;eggfl, niadanie, nt manufactured. Had yclVditfedcifga gently taken froin the nest, yushoultL asked for freshly- ladgge." ' 1 