THE CRITIC. By ' Sir Frstfu.1 Plagiary.' 'Wliocan un-l.imitM brave tlie Critic's rae?? Or noUr umnoviii Jiis mention in ilie Critic's pace? l\ira'i' Ms errors to the publie .-ye, And Alutbor rugo defy V' It has cost the British Government £10,000 to got Jabez Balfour extradite! Kxtraordinary sign to be seen any day iu George-street: 'Children Executed Between 12 and 4.' I may explain that the above ie ai a photographer's. ? 4 ? ? An M.L.A* with some experience of his kind, 63js a man engaged in politics often finds a good deal o£ tbe porcupine in the people he thinks it is hia business to sit upon. London 'Echo' refers to ilr. Keid as the 'juvenile Premier of New South Wales, who has become a distant plague to both their Houses.' Not so javeoi c, either* George is a long way more than seren. A recent Hygienic Congress unearthed the fact that tbere are four times &s; many men who stutter as women with any impediment in their speech. It was not entirely necessary for a Congress to attest tho fact ' In its issue of yesterday the * S.M. Herald1 takes the part of the registry office keeper?. These latter gentry want the Labor Bureau abolished. They advertise, whereas the Bureau does not; hence — several things. ? 4 ? i Headers of 'The Newcomes' and 'Pendennis' do not need to be told what a London fashionable clergyman is like. Thackeray described euch a one long ago — only he called him 'Honeymaa,' not ? Haweis.1 If figures are to be trusted, there are at prc&ent; on the waters of the great deep 5,785 steamers flying, tbe British Hag, 810 the German, 510 the Norwegian, and 503 the Frcnch* These are passenger, mail, and trading boats. ' AU the indications are for fine ^Gather for the Easter holidays,' said Astronomer Euseell to ft ' Daily Tele.1 reporter late on Thursday evening, hence the rainy boisterous weather since. Pity that Astronomers will prophecy before tho event Poor old Abigail! lie has had bad luck all round. Had he been tried beforo Judge Backhouse, instead of Judge Windeyer, he'd have been out with the last batch. 'With 'Windeyer the quality of mercy 5b not strained — it simply is non-esistcnt. I'm told that the North Shore poisoning case will eventuate in another Buttner development If eo, what a blow to believers in circumstantial evidence — to the men who s&y; they are as sure of the prisoner's guilt as if tbey hbd actually seen tbe commission of the awful deed. The editor wrote of 'an evening with Saturn/ An article of the most elegant pattern, When he saw tbe headline as an 'evening with Satan.' The remark which he made was a quite up to date 'un. When the New Woman goes strolling down the street with ber husband's vest on and finds that the boys are laughing becauso the butt ends of three cigars are showing out of the top left-hand pocket, tha is apt to think being a new woman isn't just what it's cracked up to be. Heard at the Zoo. — Lion: What have you got your back up about '? CdrncJ ; WelJ, the elcphaht has his trunk so handy, and the leopard keeps changing his spots — that'e why I've got the hump. lTve got to stop here all the time unless old man Parkes comes to the rescue with gonce enough to keep us going. In paying tribute of honor and respect to the thousand and one fair women who donned the Cross of Geneva the other Saturday, I wish to sink for the nonce the querulousneBs poouliar to the Plagiary family, and more in the manner of my brother knight. Sir Charlos Grandison, pay humble homage to Sydney's fair dauguiers. In view of the fact that inlluenza again threatens to raid tho homes of citizens the following simple cure may be of u&e; later on. It is, however, recommended for men only i — Go to bed M usual, after placing at ha R&55 tall candlo and a bottle of whiskey. Then lie Btill, and think and drink till you see two candles. Then you are cured. It was a juvenile who asked 'Pioase pa, what's a pathologist* ?' He's one who lays out paths my boy/ and pa read dowu the betting list * Emancipated woman, dad/' said Sonny, *tell mo if you can ' What's she 'P The old man rose and said ( * She'e one who'd like to be a man/ Loudon ? Times ' says that tho revenues of tho colonics indicate the approach of a more prosperous period : — Oh may 50m woius prophetic prove groat London's mighty thuuuerer, We Uko yonr tip although you're beenat times a woful Keep en that lino, onr solvency Joliu Bull begiusto doubt it; But why not fl* the date and all old 'Times' while you're about it. ? ? ? 4 ? ? fcome mornings ago I awoke wiLh a very bad boad. A few days after I read in the daily press that certain licensed victuallers had been mulcted in sums of £20 apiece (and costs) for poisoning Her Majesty's lieges with divers wonderful compounds under tho name and stylo of brandy. Then T no ?o» gtr wondered. X had been drinking brandy at ono of those very houses. In spector Leuthall, here's to 'ce! Li Hung Chang, tho Chinese Viceroy, has recovered frooi the wounds inflicted on him by a Japanese Soshiolist named Koyama, roceutly : — la every laud and. every dime where politics are thought Bbout, UDplojeant little troubles are occasionally brought about ,* And LU'.as learnoi that, e'eu in peace, an envoy may not rule tiio ronst. Since he fo nar/owiy cscaped being made a real 'Koyama ghost.' j ITr. R. S. Smyihe's iatest venture, Iter. 1 Haweis, says he will contribute articles to | * Tillotson's Press Syndicate ' under tho title j of 'Touch And Go Papers.' A very good I nam-», too — and appropriate. Moat of our ? distinguished visitors play touch and go with us. Tbey touch us and go with the Ehekole, j and when thoy are gone slang us for all tho ' gonce ' ihey can get, But Itov. Hawois will not do that He is professionally a truthful ^ man. The Rev. Haweis, the latest evangelical servant of tbe Loard, who puts a lot of scrip in his purio by missionisins: in partibits hcvfhcnibits, in modestly referring to provi- ; ous labors in the United States, says that the *Xew York Herald' stated his 'lee wae at , the rate of a pound a Tv.iuuto/ ilis theory is I that tire Church wants reforming — wants, as , it were, bringing up to date. And tlie Bcv. | H. is doing bis SitUe best, lobrjig about that 1 desired roform. In Sir Thomas Buxton the Ssuth Austra lians will have a Governor after their own | hearts. Ho is pious, evangelical, philan- | thropic, and a director of the British East | African Company — an association formed to shoot down niggers on pious, evangelical, and phil&ntbropical; principles. He is also rich, and has a lot of coin invested in banking and biewcry shares. Has ten children and an invalided wife ? altogether tho very man for the Southern eouflle-busters. Prom two papers of even dato: — 'South Australian Register/ April 8: 'At tho Ctiminal Court yesterday, J, C. Ilorrocks was charge! with attempting to poison his wife, Amy, by putting spirits of salts into a cup of coffee, which he gave her to drink. The jury, after a short retirement, brought in a verdict of not guilty, and accused was discharged,' 4 Daily Telegraph/ Sydney, April 8 : 4 George j Dean, oharged with baviug administered, or | causing to be administered, poison to hiB wife, waB fonnd guilty, and ecntonced to death/ I We keep our end well up. | * ^ Her. ATr. Haweis wes doubtful how he 1 would 'take1 with Australian audiences. | Rov. llr. Smythe is more doubtful what he ! will take. Anyhow, R, S. Smythe doesn't often tnakc a uiU-tako, and Rov. 1L H. will not deplete his banking account to any serious extent. Tho rev. gentleman says is name is * Hoarse ' — which his voice isn't. X-etyour mind be at r-?6t, how we'll treat your friend Haweis, Tor we treat strangers well qea matter of cawels. Conld wo ask you, beforo you depart, to discaweia Oo our new and improved patent Law of Divuwcie? The cable brings tbe news from far that on the 'J'aloh river, The British ilag victorious Hies as it will fiy forever: The dusky niggers trooped along in thousands to our dozens ; Young, middle- aged, and ancient, with their unles, brothers, cousins, They charged ' the sturdy British troops; — their blood flowed free as water ; And, as the cable man observes, 4 were beaten with great slaughter.' Four thousand men at Adaland has Umra Khan in plant, But if he hopes to beat our boys we think that Umra Ivbant. I note that the Londonderry Gold ftfine, of which the Earl of Fingall is the colonial adviser, eccms to be flonnderiug along in a 4 hit-oi- a-miss ' sort of * happy-go-lucky ' manner, 'lhis mine is in Wesrralia, where they have a mania for having Hinglish burls for colonial advisers. Here, in Noo South 'Wales, we know letter. Take the Tamworth Gold Mining Company, Limited, as an example. True, the Chairman of the Board of Directors is tho Right Honorable the Earl of Donoughmore, 1C.C.M.G., who may not know much, but as a counterpoise I find on tbe Advisory Local Committee, tho honored name of Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G. Donoughmore and Borrowmore — that mice ought to gee! But what the devil does Sir Henry do on a Tamworth Incal committee ? Where was Sir George ? The news of the cutting out of tho reef in tho Londonderry mine lias not caused any very serious scare on this side of tho Con tinent Not many shares are owned in New South Wales, but the tendency is to buy rather than eell. A shareholder with a fairly large interest informed me yesterday that he placcs no reliance on tho story of tho shoots opening badly, and is disposed to regard the ropovt as one circulated with the object of 'bearing* the stock* Colonel North's offer to guarantee the shareholders does not impress him as anything more than part of a carefully con sidered scheme to get tbe whole mine into two orthicc hands. It was in much the same way the multi-inillioned Colonel got tbe South American property, from which lio takes his title of the Xitrato King. That there is gold, and plenty of it, in West Australia has been proved, and in the hands of a strongly monicd syndicate of two or three tho coat of running it would be cheapened by the employment of the latest machinery. Every woman — or man, for that mailer— values a good complexion and white teeth. Everyone cannot be beautiful, but almost everyone may possess that great aid to beauty— a pure and clear complexion. The most useful and pleasant toilet preparation for cleansing and beautifying the akin, whitening tbe teeth, or purifying tbe breath, is Amykoa Aseptin. Amykoa is in universal use Europe, and has just been introduced to Sydney. Ladies ahoold get one bottle :∈ their chemist as a trial* Price, 1b 6d* 