| CONGREGATIONAL UNION- OF TASMANIA.) ANNUAL MEETING. FIRST DAY* HOBART, Tuesday. The annual session of the Congregational Union and Mission of Tasmania was com menced this afternoon in the school-room attached to the Memorial Church. The Rev. George Clarke took the chair as presi dent for the year, and there was a fairly good attendance of clergy and laity. Tbe business was conducted in committee after bhe session wrr rialv constituted. The report of the ministerial qualifica tions committee was presented. Mr Perry Hart, of New Town, was re ceived as a ministerial member of the Union, and the Rev. A. A. Manns, of West Devon port, was also received provisionally on the usnal certificate arriving from Vic toria. It was agreed that to-morrow Mr Henry Button, secretary of the Northern branch, be granted permission to propose his resolu tion, ' Tbat the constitution of the Union be amended, with a viow to the management of it being vested in one committee with one set of officen,' A memorial was received from the Ladies' Tcmperance tJnion, on the sobjcct of social purity, and this will be discussed at a future stage. 1 he session then adjourned till 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. In the evening the Rev. Geo. Clarke, at Davey-street church, before a large congre- i gation, delivered the following CHAIBUAN'8 ADDBE6B : . Dear brethren,— The past year has been one of great strain on all the churches. We could cxpcct nothing else than that they, a6 well as other institutions, should suffer from tbe commercial depression of the time; the wonder is that they have not suffered more. Many of our people have, within my own knowledge, risen nobly to the difficulties of the hour determined that, though a greater sacrifice, they will not, if they can help it, give less than before to the support of the Christian ordinance, and othen are not to be blamed if they put less than they would into the treasury of the Lord. We hope that the cloud, if slowly, is yet surely lift* ing, to pass away before long, and to carry with it our present anxiety about the efficient working of our institutions. 1 have to make sorrowful mention of the death of one who gave this union many years of faithful service, our late treasurer, Mr James E. Salier He was a man of devout, but simple, piety, who had our interests much at heart, and though loyal to the Congregational principles, in which he was born and bred, cherished the broadest sympathy with men from every quarter who set themselves to the service of the Lord Jesus Christ. We miss his familiar face from our meeting to-day, but hope and believe tbat he iB promoted to higher service above. He has left ns as a token of his substantial concern in our affairs a liberal bequest. We must find someone to tatp Inn VAStAnt nlfLOA. fttlH 1 trnat- tViaf j anyone who may be solicited by the voice i of the brethren to fill it will let his | modesty give way to the requirements of i I tbe situation, and accept the bnrden of care for Christ's causc and for ours. With all our present difficulties we are happily not troubled with oppressive building debts, and if wc are a somewhat slow people we do not regret that it has been part of our slowness to pay our way and try to save our children from the financial iniquities of tbe fathcre. We have just received by telegram news that the famous man of our body, the Bev. Dr. R. W. Dale, of Birmingham,* has fallen on sleep. You all remember him as the messenger of the Congregational Union of the world to the Church of our order in these colonies eight yean ago. As friend, Christian, preacher, theologian, statesman, he was at least in the front rank of the men of our time, and only two months ago a Bishop of the Anglican Church publicly testified, and many of all denominations can also say, tbat he owed more to the writings of Dr. Dale than to those of any living divine. He was indeed distinguished for all the masculine elements of a noble thinker, for the depth and earnestness of his piety, and for the wisdom of his counsels to his brethren, and in him the person of righteousness and the passion of charity were combined in singular measures. The hearts of God's people go down under the scnBe of irreparable I06B when He takes such a guide and teacher to his rest ; and yet in His goodness He raises successon to the most highly gifted, but for the moment we can only echo the old lament, ' Your fathen, where are they 1 And the prophets, do they live for ever ?' I wish to address you this evening, first on our general mission as Christians, and then on our spccial mission as a commission of Congregational Christians in these colonics. It is quite time that we should look forward and determine our position in both respects, that we mav shaitc our mpumirM tn tho distinct performance of what we con ceive to oe our duty. We have just had grand and impressive meetings of great and Christian brethren in Hobart. The Primi tive Motbodist Conference and the Wcslcyan Methodist Conference have been pleased to make this city the centre of their delibera tions on the business of the year. Our sympathy with them has no reserve. We wish them well in what is common to us all, but we also wish them well in what is spe cial to themselves in carrying out their 07m piety, and ia perfecting tho methods of their own organisations. What noble work they have doue and arc doing for Christ wc know. We have always been on terms of kindness and confidence with their representatives in this colony, and it has | always been a real pleasure to place our pulpiis at their disposal. Differences of polity are of small account in the face of the splendid piety, the vigorous zeal, the world-wide activity, and the saga cious ordering of their communion. Wc are quite at bomc with them, and if all were as they are the muchtalked of union of the churches might be through a large range of interests something more than a pious dream. 1 believe that a closer union of the denominations is quite feasible but for one impediment that wc cannot over come. That impediment is the sacerdotal and sacramental theory of the Christian ministry, with its accordant practice. It creates a dividing gap in our relations that no bridge can span, and that with all our desire for closer unity wc do not know how to cross. 1 make no complaint and mean no offence when I state the simple fact. Wc can in no wise accept the position that our orders and sacraments arc invalid, for then our prcaching would be vain, and our faith also would be vain, and we should be yet in our ecclasiastical ties. Very kindly and I even saintly men sincerely think that wc I arc not authorised to exercise the functions of the sacred ministry, and tho men who thus judge us arc often examples in piety and zeal, learning and labor. Wiille they are carcful to cherish all this is winning and gentle in their personal relations with the members of other churches, but by the logic of their position they cannot, and do not, and will not bold eccele6iastical relations with any but episcopal communions. That their own orders and sacraments are pro nounced by the older churches to be just as invalid as ours soesis to disturb our friends wonderfully little, yet. still, whether they give or withhold official recognition of our standing through a very wide raugc of their ministry, wc heartily wish thein God-speed, while we honor them personally for their love to Christ and their efforts to help on His Kingdom of righteousness, purity and pcacc. I cannot answer lor every manor minister who calls himself a Congregation alist, but 1 am bold to say of us as a body tbat wc are not vague in doctrinc, loose in discipline, and narrow-minded in sym pathy as some good people, who construe ns out ef their own coutcionces, and know next to nothing about our actual ways, fancy wc must be. It is true that we do not make assent to the propositions of an elaborate cre'cd the condition of fellowship in our churches) we do something that in Teality is very much more exacting. Wc require from everyone who wonldjjoiu ub a credit able confession of faith in Jetus Christ aB the Son of God au-1 the Lord and Saviour of men, and of the purpose to follow and obey him. Such meetings as wc have lately seen remind ns tbat we need to give large consider ation to what is common to the faith of all earnest ChriHt.in.nn in order tbat what is special to some may fall into due place and day wc cannot afford to cncumbcr ourselves overmuch with the peculiar details that at best are only of secondary importance. We are bound, as far as we can, to show a united front in the facc of tho enemy. Bear in mind that the speculative uubelief of our time goes down to the very root, not only of Christianity, but of commercial morality and religion, Tbe serious debate of to-day if not ' about the things on which the Churches difl*r, and over which they conten ded among themselves even half a century ago, but it is about the things on which they are agreed. Can anything be more suicidal for ns Christians than to waste in. inter ncdnc strife and petty haggling the energy that is all required to meet the common foe ? Dr. Livingstone tells ns that when he came back to the old country from strong- ! holds of heathenism he was simply dumb founded at the contention of the Churches, and he suggested that a flying visit to the Dark Continent might bring them to their senses. I feel sure that if we were fully alive to the danger from without by which all our Churches ate menaced we should make much less voioe ovcrthlngB on which wc can well agree to differ. Rate these as high as you please, and I do not Say they have all their worth, yet they do not in tbe least discharge ns from tho obligation of oar common mission, nor the duty of trying our utmost to keep the unity of the Bpirit in the bond of peace. What our common mission is I cannot set forth in better words than those with which Doctor Dale has prefaced his TOwnxml of Congregational principles. ' We all,' he says, ' have to asBtst the sanctity and grace of our Lord Jesus Christ against the assault of speculative unbelief. Wc have to preach the GoBpcl to those who never hear it. There are hundreds of millions of heathen men to whom the redemption of the world by Jesus Christ is altogether unknown. There are vast numbers of our own congregation who have drifted beyond the reach of all the ordinary institutions of Christian .in 1 e traction and worship, and, I may add, there are many of our countrymen in these colonics, far away in the bush, and who are crying to Us all to give them and their children the Sunday services that have fallen out of their lives ; there arc tbc hungry to be fed, aud the naked to be clothed ; there are .miserable homes to be made deccnt and healthy ; and last, though by no means least, there are low conceptions of morality in domestic, commercial, and public life which the Church ought to elevate. Selfishness in the Church itself, which ought to be inspired with the chords of Christ ; indolence, which ought to be set on fire by the zeal of Christ for the honor of God and the righteousness and happiness of mankind. That is a fair, though not exhaustive account of the joint and general mission of which we have to take our share, understanding that no body of Chris tians can cover Lhe whole of the enterprise, though all are bound to contribute as much as they can to its accomplishment. Such duties are not distinctive of any denomina tion, they art the paramount duties of all the Churches, and they embrace at least three-fourths of our proper solicitudes, under whatever banner we may severally prefer to work. U is the remaining fourth, and no more, that constitutes our special mission, what is it, and what is it worth ? To the question, What is our special mission in these colonies ? 1 should answer, first, that it is to preserve and perfcct and perform all that belongs to our own polity. We cannot efface ourselves by nun unVmnri and venerable an organisation as that of our Wcsleyan brethren without betraying what for us is surely a most sacred trust. The compara tive smallncss of our numben is no sufficient reason why we should surrender our Church principles, and the rights which we think these principles conserve. We have cer tainly done ounclves less than justice in our returns to the ccusus. Wc know that the statistics as taken arc gravely fallacious. The conditions of emolument are differentia different bodies, largely nominal in some, very real in others. That our position, for inBtancc, is understated there can be no doubt whatever. We have returned our selves at the Bmall figure of 4501, but there is another return of 4486 persons who object to state their religion, and the great majority of these abstainers we may be pretty sure are of the straltest sect of our religion Independents. It is, of course, very decep tive, and the taunt of fewness should not trouble us much. For myself I hold that I am bound to declare my faith to anyone who seriously demands it, be he public or private man, believer or unbeliever, heathen, magistrate, or Christian, statesman or official statistician. The roll of martyrs would be muoh reduced if the early saints had refused to answer the Romans' chal lenge, ' Art thou a Christian ?' 1 confess that I fail ta Bee the force of the scruples that in these colonies prevent so many of our brethren from giving the information which the State desires. However, as it is with the result that by our own act we are placed far lower in the comparative scale than accords with our true position — however, as I say, the question of numbers, and of the weakness which the numben Beem to indi cate, is no reason why we should be carelcss about the polity, or fancy that as Congre gationalists our business is done. Our fathers have suffered much for their polity tlirough many generations. It is true, as cvtry candid student of the New Testament admits, the 6acred record enjoins in the way of command no special constitution of the Christian Church, we may may infer what waB the polity of the Apostolic times. Nevertheless, it declares our preference for the simplicity of the New Testament Churches, and it is admitted on all sides that in our day the Congregational order Is tbe nearest approach to the earliest societies of believers. It is not necessary that 1 should describe our {polity to-night, and still less that I should praise it. It looks Infinitely less imposing than the elaborate regulations 1 of many other systems of discipline and government. It is not favorable to large, all-ruling combinations. It cannot be greatly abused bv disloyal men. It can be efficiently worked by none but genuine Christians, At wont, the harm that is done in any case of misadministration is mischief of a local church, and not of a great and imperial organisation, and we thiuk that our smaller fellowships secure many things that are generally lost in larger societies. Certain we are tuat w wouia oe no gain to Christendom if our churches were extinguished by absorption in a rule of general systems that allow the narrow scope to local and individual action. The first thing in our spccial mission is that we let ourselves to do the very best that we can in tbe working out of our Congregational polity. The sccond thing in our special mission is tbat wc have to work our polity in these colonies under pcacefol conditions, It is not so at all in the old country. There, for three centuries, Congregationalism has, from sad necessity been protesting and militant, and it has had no chance of showing what it can do when it is released from the passion and strain of political conflict. Our fathen have had to light against despotism of all kinds, in Church, State, and society. They never had the opportunity of showing what peaceful Congregationalism can do. That marks the difference between their position and oun; that we should recognise and understand. It is not in the main to our English brethren, but to our brethren^ in Canada and the United States of Amonca, that we must look for precedents under con ditions that are very different from those of the old country. Wc, like our American brethren, arc delivered from moat of the occasions of strife which Prtfef so hardly on our communion iu England. There is no levy here on all denominations for the aggrandisement of one ; no complica tion of vested interest that it wiU take | little lees than revolution to unravel ; there are no heart-burnings between the privi leged and tbe oppressed to be in the least compared with tbe bitterness of opposing parties at home. We are free and equal in the eyes of the law. Our Parliaments arc not tempted to legislate in the interests of any denomination ; the support oi religion is left to the free will of those who care for it ; and we are not compelled to exhaust ourselves in a conflict that, however justi fied by circumstances, is altogether incom patible to the temper of our faith. Now 1 have known people say that with the cessa tion of that conflict, especially on the rela tions of Church and State, our mission as Congregationalista is ended. We have fonght hard and well for certain objcctB, and we bave gained them ; but now we are told our real occupation is gone, and I have known born and bred Congregationalisms who more than half believe them. Tbe'trutb is tbat we arc only now let free, and what wc shall mature is the real problem that we in the colonics are set to solve. It is a very anxious problem, and it will test us as no conflict liirp that of the past could do, Doubtless wc have done with oppression of a certain kind : but, depend upon it, we rimii 6 till have occasion to remember our principles and our history, and to stand as the steadfast and immovable foen of new forms of despotism, whether they come from above or below, whether they oomc from the arrogance of tbe few or the intolerance of tbe many, whether they be the impostures of rulen or the tyranny Of the multitude who would ride roughshod over all rights in the interest of a class, and make the vote of the majority bear down what is opposed to their circle. The gospel' of mere majorities can never be made the gospel of Oongregationalists, if we have a spark of manhood left in us, and we shall soon reduce ourselves to sounding brass and tinkling cymbals if we let anyone believe tbat we take environments for life and the spirit of the age as necessarily synonymous with tbc spirit of Christ. Our glorious In dependent forefathers made many mistakes, they allowed in some things the Hebrew spirit of the Old Testament to dominate the Christian spirit of the New. They preached their principles with an authority I o£ manner that has made them lhe butt of the | frivolous and malignant to the present hour. The hypocrisies and fanaticies of a few have becd made the characteristics of the many. Their true character is slowly emerging from the flood of abuse and wu can see clearly in the main tbat they were stalwart, intelli gent, God- fearing men, who by universal acknowledgment kept the liberties of Eng land from either wxeck or ruin, and were moved by a passion for religiousness in Church, State, society, and through the whole round of commerce between man and man. Wc arc their true ecclesiasti cal descendants, and wc have need to be filled with the same passion for righteousness in all that lica before us. The ethics of the Gospel have, in their earlier days, been greatly depressed, and perhaps it is in this direction tliatall our Churches and church members are in tbc same need of a revival. Wc shall have opportunity enongh to make a long fight In the causc of righteous m n, yet wc must not shame the characteristic heritage of our fathen. As compared with the conflict of our brethren, we haye here to do our work under the existing conditions, yet not to lay aside our arms as useless, Wc are bound by our traditionsand principles to stand forth before all tbc Churches as the champion of justice and liberty, and to fight to tbc j death for free and honest dealing in all 1 the honest relations of man with man. The I third thing pertaining to our special mission I is that we have to ntUisc the sympathy and | service of every individual member lp the interest of the particular church to which he belongs. No matter what outside movement may solicit bis attention, hiB tint duty is to seek to edificate comfort, order, and efficiency of the local society with which he is identified, to make the best that you can of your own church. It lies at the root of our polity that every member of a given church has a voice in the church, and that be is responslbile in his dealing for the welfare and good order of the church. Of coune his solicitudes are not to be con fined to the local interests of his special com munion. He may give time, thought, labor, and money to this or that enterprise j be is to work, but he has no right to do it at the expense of a particular brotherhood which it is his tint object to serve. If you do not | know which is best for the denomina | Hon, you will make no mistake if you ' set younclf to perfcct to the uttermost the I fellowship with which you are identified. I The perfection of the associated brotherhood I nrw-iri tho nPi-fAnHnn nf etwh ♦ and you must be loyal to your own church if you would minister effectively to the churches at large of the same order as your self, Fourthly, wc want an effective con federation of all out churches that shall yet leave them free to manage their own local affairs. In all confederations each must give up some and any, and it need be nothing vital. It is idle to suppose that wc may at the same time do anything that everyone likes and get the advantage of large cohesion. How and on what con ditions wc can bring it about is a very nice and difficult problem ; but all onr churchcs might agree within certain limits to sustain themselves on the judgment and authority of confederate churches of their own order. 1 think wc may learn much by studying tbe proceedings of our American brethren in this direction. It iB too large and difficult a subject for me to discuss in this address. I only take note of it as a matter of great importance. To bring it abont under wise and well-considered con ditions is certainly part of our special mission in these colonics. Fifthly, and now a point on which I wish to lay much stress is this — It Bhonld be characteristic of our body that we do our best to securc the moat in telligent men that wc can to discharge the functions of our ministry, and the most intelligent congregation that wo can gather to appreciate our teaching. An incompe tent ministry is trouble enough to any church. It can only be excused among us by tbe difficalty of meetiog the elementary wants of our country districts, but it is simply ruinous to make it characteristic of onr . ministry as a whole. I do not mean that wc want learning of the mere scholastic sort. A man may have that and yet be a great fool, though mere scholastic learning is a great acquisition if only it is backed by common sense and a knowledge of human nature. There is work in which the Salvation Army beats us all, but there is also work which the Salvation Army is quite powerless to do. Somebody must do it. The difficulties of country work for our ministers are, in some respects, greater than in the towns, and all honor is due to them for the patience, toil, and self-sacrifice with which they try to make the best of the situation. I could Bay more, brethren, but I have said enongh to try j our patienoe to-night. I am sure that the time has come when our beet and wisest 1 men should take thought of our special, as of our general, mission in the colonies. The conditions on which wc have to work out our distinctive polity are plainly different from those of our brethren in the old land. Our problem ia to try what we can do with peaceful Congregationalism, though the battle for righteousness in Church, State, and society has still in larger measure to be fought ; and wc shall be false to our traditions if wc blanch when the storm blows highest. Our churches, as a whole, can best be served by every minis ter and member doing what he can to ele vate the piety, foster the zeal, and perfect the working of his own particular brother hood. Something, I am persuaded, may yet be done to Becure the advantage of a more compact federation than we have yet at tained to, without injuring what is vital to the independence of oar churches. Above all, 1 think it is vital to our permanent existence, as well as to oar vital success, that wc work under intelligence, upon intelligence, and exhibit a piety and zeal that never loses hold of the rational as well as the right ; and so we should be deeply concerned in all that contributes to raiBe the intelligence of the whole com munity. With all that is special to our selves lay to heart the things in which we arc to make common causc with the whole body of Christ's Holy Church, and let ub I give no grudging recognition to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, and set themselves to do His work. Finally, brothen in the ministry, ' take heed unto yonnelves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseen to feed the Church of God which he hath purchased with His own blood.' 'Adorn the doctrines of God our Saviour in all things.' ' For the grace of God hath appeared, bringing salvation to aU men, instructing us to the extent that deny ing ungodliness and worldly lusts we should lire soberly, and religiously, end godly in that present world, looking for the blessed home and appearing of our great God and 6aviour Jesus Christ, who gave Himself for ub that He might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto Himself a people for His own possession, zealouB of good works.*' 