.NEWS OF THE WOKLD. j Mrs. Talmage bequeathed to her husband £33,000. The Prince of "Wales is insured for .£3.260,000. Byron began to write " Childe Harold" when he was 20. Some of the Russian railways have smoking carriages for ladies. England has 360,000 shops which pay an annual rental of £18,900,000. " A ghost," with a coffin lid as a breast plate, has been seen at Hindmarsh. A woman named Hill has died at Narrabri, New South "Wales, after eating a quantity of cold potatoes. A child has been burned to death at Bockhampton, Queensland, through a boy throwing- a lighted match at her. . An old woman named Christie, 80 years of age. has committed suicide by hanging her- ! self at Gulong, N. S. W. The Duke of Marlborough, who succeeded to the title in 1892, is engaged to be married to Miss VanderbOt, daughter of the i American millionaire. SEA SICKNESS. There is nothing lite Wolfe's Schnapps to avoid or alleviate this. It is exhilara ting and strengthening. Buy bottles intact. The carriages of the Underground Rail way are to be fitted with an apparatus by which the name of the next station will be automatically indicated. The largwst pilgrimage ever made to Lourdes took place on Saturday, August 17.' 17,000, persons going from Paris and stations along the line. Lady Habberton, inventor of the divided skit ts. has a new fad. She contends that female servants should wear knickerbockers, as such costume facilitates movements. A London porter, accustomed to eat 3s. worth of cheap jce cream at a sitting satis fied his craving for sweets once too often, and is dead, A prize of 30.000 francs has been offered by a florist in Mayenne. France, to anyone who can produce a plant on which blue roses will bloom. Thif is an age of wonder. Pine drawings, made in London, have been successfully transmitted to Paris by telegraph with the aid of the Gray telaugtoraph. A trial of electrical lights at sea has demonstrated that a white light is far most easily seen, the results of tests with red and green lights being almost identical. Atthe Bordeaux Medical Congress a new serum treatment for consumption was dis cussed. It was stated that out of 83 patients 61 had derived real benefit from the treatment. The Bishop of Coventry. England, who recently got married, made everybody laugh on his return from his honeymoon by preaching a sermon on the topic, "The Penitent's Upturn Bis fire at Conlgardie, W. A., last week. The Age and Courier offices were destroyed among other buildings. Bayley-street was burnt ont. A London thief jumped from a window, and a servant screamed as she saw him running off. A cyclist pursued the robber and ran him into the arms of a policeman. A cyclist was summoned at Clapham for riding on the footpath In defence hp said the road was muddy, and he wished to keep the tires clean. The magistrate advised him to remain indoors during the dirty weather, and fined him 4s. A London clockmaker discharged his assistant. At midnight there was a tre mendous noise in tl'e shop, and the police rushed in. The dismissed employ^ had set all the alarms to strike at that time. The end of the world, announced by the German weather prophet. Dr. Falb, to take place in 189G, has been postponed by the doctor, owing to unexpected obstacles, until November 13, 1899, between 2 and 4 o'clock in the morning. The world's record is claimed by the Dirigo Hose Co.. of Ellsworth, Me., which the other day ran 210 yards to the engine house, then 233 yards with the hose reel, coupled the hose to a hydrant and the nozzle to the hose, all in Imin. 1J sees. By comparing the statistics of English and Scotch universities in a given year it was found that Scotland, with a population of 3,725,000, had 6,500 university students out of a population about six times as great. Premier Kingston has introduced a law reform Bill, which will smash up some of the iron-clad unionism of lawyers, and clients will be given a better chance in their dealings with those conscienceless mortals. There has been a terrible earthquake and volcanic outburst at Yetapau in Hondmas. America. People were killed by rocks, which fell like hail, houses were burnt by lava, and cattle were engulfed in immense streams of the lava. Mvs. Phillips, of NonvAod, put her two year-old son to bed last Saturday evening and then went ont shopping. On her return she found the baby with his arms and head held between the rails of the cot and his legs nearly touching the floor. The boy was quite dead. Lord Bras soy, Governor of Victoria, arrived in his yacht. Sunbeam, at Albany, W.A., on Saturday last. The passage out was- very rough. The. cabins were flooded several times. Lord Brassey was accom panied by Lady Brassey, Mr. H. Han tier, an old friend, and Dr. B,. Martin, medical officer. Lord Justice Lindlev recently explained an auditor's duty by saying, "an auditor does not discharge his duty in merely examining the books. It is his duty to make socfa enquiries as will satisfy him that the books disclose the true position of the company." The Emperor of Germany has gone in for a very tall advertisement. At night his imperial standard at the top of the mainmast of his yacht has reproduced on it, by means of incandescent lamps of various colors, all tLe details of his fla^. The colors, surely, must get slightly " off" when there's a heavy sea on. Mr. Streeter, the well-known jewel mer chant, has a peculiar diamond, which he has named " The Salisbury." It is about an inch and a half long by one inch broad, and in outline resembles Lord Salisbury's head and face. There are faint markings on the stone so placed as to suggest the eye, eyebrow, the line of the ear, the beard, &c.; " Crispi's coat of mail recalls the fact that Bismarck wore a steel shirt for some time | after ho was fired upon in Berlin, many j year3 ago. The joke about him was that he got his linen at the ironmongers. _ ! In the labor dispute in a shipbuilding j yardj at Wallsend-on-Tyne, arbitration being desired by both parties, a black smith in the firm's employ was agreed upon as referee. He decided in favor of i the firm, and the men loyally accepted his 'decision. I An eccentric German lias lift his valu I able property to six nephews and six nieces, 1 on condition that each nephew marries a woman named Antonie, aud each niece marries a mail named Anton. The first child in each family is also to receive one of these names. Two thousand persons wrote claiming1 relationship to a Bermondsey policeman wbo was supposed to have inherited vast estates. The policeman, having given up his position, found the report of his good luck to be a hoax. None of the new-found relations came forward to assist him in bis subsequent trouble. He was finally taken back on. the force. A. wealthy woman came to Kensington from Egypt. She had not been long in London°before she was arrested for being drunk and unable to take care of herself. £2,000 was found in her possession. She was sent to her hotel, but was arrested next day tor drunkenness, when she was fined and advised to go back to Egypt. In Bokhara 300 asses are yearly engaged in cnrryinfi[ piljjnms to the birtiipLic© of Bahareddin, the saint most esteemed after Mohammed, in Turkestan, and it is noted by the faithful that they always gallop towards his grave, and refuse to go at more than a foot pace on their return to Bokhara from the sacred spot. IFour persons were going to Sunday school during a thunderstorm at Warnam bull on Sunday afternoon. They grouped near a telegraph Jjole with their umbrellas up, when a flash of lightning struck the pole. All fonr persons were stiuck down, and more or less burnt and other wise badly injured, but not fatally. An amusing story i |told of an American gentleman who went out rabbit-shooting m very extraordinary knickerbockers. At the close of the day one of his compatriots asked, "Where he had those pants cut?" After a pause, he replied," Well, to tell you the truth, they're not mine at all. My servant bad forgotten to pack up mine so I borrowed these from my wife. They are part of her bicycling costume, and see how handy they've come in." John Wilson, aged 25, has been tried at Sydney for attempting to murder Kelson Hampson by throwing him over the rocks at Iron dove after drugging him. The case for the Crown was that Wilson had induced Hampson to insure bis lite for £500 and assign the policy to him on the promise to pay him <£75. Subsequently he took him to Iron Cove and threw him over the rocks. The case for the defence was that Wilson was insane. Wilson was found quilty and sentenced to death. At 11.30 o'clock yesterday morning Michael Ross, aged 35, of 146 Twentieth street, an' employe of Harris and Maguire, who was digging in a bank on fifty- fourth street, near"Sixth avenue, was seized with cramp3 and died before a doctor could be summoned. He had been partaking freely of ice water for some time before he became ill. Annie Scbieverstein. 14 years old, applied at the Seventeenth precinct station last night for lodgings. She said shelived with her father, John Schieverstein, at Wyona avenue and Eastern parkway, and was afraid to go home, because she had failed to sell a stock of water cresses. The girl was arraigned in the Gates avenue court this morning and committed to the care of A^ent Frank Folk of the Children's Society. Mr.'Folk says that Schieverstein has been arrested several times for ill-treating his wife and children. NOTHING LIKE SOAP Pure soap, good Soap, honest soap Pears soap. "The Boy Stood on the Burning Deck" Some irreverent person has declared that his reason for so doing was that it was too hot to sit down ; but this is a libel. The reason was that the gallant boy would not desert his post. With an implicit obedi ence to his father's commands he stayed upon the burning ship, and went to a glori ous death. But suppose at the last mom ent young Casahianca had oeen saved, what then ? He would certainly have been very much burned, and the best thing for him would have been an immediate appli cation of Hollow-ay's famous Ointment, a certain remedy in all cases of bums, scalds, abscesses, rheumatism, lumbago, sciatica, bronchitis, asthma, sore throat, and the like. Margaret McBonald, 10 years old, the daughter of Charles McDonald of Hay Fourteenth-street and Benson avenue, Bath beach, was seriously if not fatally burned while playing near a bonfire yester day afternoon. It will be several nwks Iv fore slid will he able to leave her bed. The bonfire was in front of Mr Donald house hold. Margaret was t he only one of many children around it. and while putting on more fuel her skirts caught. Immediately I she ran screaming to her housp. The heroic action of the servant ^irl probably saved the girl's life. The servant succeeded in putting out the flames with her hands, and in consequence was very badly burned. Dr. Maigne, of Eighteenth avenue, was ! called in and he attended both patients. CADBUIiTS COCOA. Of the highest degree of puriy."—Hfulih A speoia 1 to the Jfew York Herald from Spring Valley. Ills., says: "Three hundred coal miners have caused great excitement here by offering to go into voluntary slavery, if guaranteed for themselves and families comfortable hoi ses, plenty of fuel, food, and serviceable clothing. They represent the best element among the miners, and ar«* willing to thus serve without a cent of wages. They will sijjn an ironclad con tract. They say that it will prove that the present trouble, which threatens a strike, is not of their seeking. During the last three years they say they have often suffered for the necessaries of life, and that rather than c... -hoir families so suffer any more they will become serfs." A Simple Beeeipt.—How to gradually change the grey colors of the hair to its original color go that it will not be noticed. Why should you look old and careworn P The grey hairs are coming whether you like it or not, and you are looking o«d. There are hundreds using this receipt, and we can positively state that it can be relied upon. How frequent we bear the expres sion ' How grey you are getting,' and it is true. There are many things which cause the color of onr hair to change. It is a wonder many of us have stood the troubles we have without sooner affecting the color of our hair. We are able to write well of Cross's Hair Revivor—it will positively restore hair to its original color. This is not a mere statement but borne out by fact. It is not a dye, but gradually imparts to the hair through the hair cells what nature has lost, thus giving to the hair what is necessary to restore it to its natural color. It is a wonderf 1 discovery, and so simple. Sprinkle it on the hair. Sold by all chemists and stores. Price 2s. 9d. per bottle. Charles Cross, chemist, Malvern Adelaide. A countess, formerly a lady-in-waiting at the Court of Berlin, addressing a gathering of working men at Copenhagen, announced that she intended to sell her mansion near the Danish capital and devote the proceeds to the pcor. She had lived, she said, in the palace of an emperor and in the huts of fishermen, and she had become convinced that the poor man is happier than the millionaire. The world's wheat harvest is estimated by Beerbohm at 299,450,000 quarters, and the probable amount required by importing countries is stated to be 50,500,000 quarters. The master of the Sussex fox hounds has been summoned for hunting with unmuzzled dogs, contrary to the regulations of the County Council. " Old Lang Syne" is of uncertain origin, there being several versions of this deservedly popular soEg. One of the best is by Burns, but only the second and third stanzas are by this poet, the remainder being from the pen of Ramsay. The song is of uncertain antiquity; one version is dated 1716, another is said to date from the 16th century. In New York two girls were recently born joined together at the vertebral column. The children are in good health and can look at each other, and it is not improbable that their life will be preserved. A reporter remarked to the father that a museum would willingly give 40,000 marks tor the exhibition of his children. The doctors think of an operation, but the father would not listen to it. A GOOD CHARACTER. Pears* Soap is pure, delightful, fragranta and refreshing. 