Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. William Henry Barltrop, builder, of the Hamilton, has been adjudicated insolvent. The following have been adjudicated insol- vent :—Christian Frederick Missel, South Bris- bane, boot finisher; Thomas John Bannister, Charleville, carrier, in forma pauperis; John Graham, Breakfast Creek, Brisbane, mariner, in forma pauperis. By inadvertence the wrong initials were pre- fixed to the portrait of the President of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, appearing in our illustrated supple- ment last week. The correct title of the distinguished Queenslander who holds this position is the Hon. A. C. Gregory, C.M.G., M.L.C. Messrs. Grimley and Maxwell, the well-known Queen-street florists, have entered into the seed trade, and are issuing a special catalogue, of which an advance proof has been handed to vus Besides old favourites of the horticulturist the catalogue mentions some novelties which are worth trying. Concise directions for the benefit of beginners in gardening are also given, including a description of Cannel and Son's system of germinating seeds. A fatal accident took place at Paradise gold- field on Friday morning (says the Maryborough Chronicle). It appears that a lad named Arthur Allan, working in the Berrie-Paterson claim, was ooming up the ladder in the shaft when by some means he missed his hold and fell to the bottom. He was brought to the surface alive, but died three hours afterwards. The poor lad was dreadfully injured, his leg being broken in two places, arm broken, bruised all over, and injured internally. He fell on the bucket at the bottom of the shaft from a height of about 50ft. A doctor was sent for, but young Allen died before he arrived. The Registrar of Patents notifies having accepted the undermentioned applications for the grant of letters patent:—E. Frith, of Reigate, Surrey, England, photographic pub- lisher, for "Improvements in the manufacture of covers for books and the like;" C. A. Knight and G. W. Thode, Glasgow, Scotland, engineers, for "Improvements in steam boilers and boiler furnaces;" Georgina Barnes, Albert Park, Melbourne, for "Improved combined book cover and book mark;" C. Tucker, of North Adelaide, South Australia, agent, for "Improvements in apparatus for issuing tickets" (assignee of C. H. Hakendorf, of Port Augusta, South Australia); N. Williamson, of Normanton, Queensland, for "An improved house pier." A meeting of the residents of the Degilbo, Mungore, and Woowoonga Creeks was held in the schoolroom, Biggenden, on the 12th instant, for the purpose of devising some means for the advancement of the welfare of the district. There was a very fair attendance, considering the state of the weather. Mr. Todd was elected to the chair. After a short discussion it was proposed,—"That a progress association be formed." This was unani- mously agreed to, and the association named the Biggenden Progress Association. Mr. Todd was elected president for the meantime, and Mr. S. Simpson secretary. Twenty members joined at the meeting, and many others who were unavoidably detained have promised to become members. Tha next meeting was convened for the 26th instant. The bank clerk out of employment has been given a helping hand by his more fortunate brethren. Although salaries have been cut down in all directions, a fund has been "raised by monthly payments of shillings and half- crowns not easily spared in these days of retrenchment run mad. For the time the donors are confronted by the startling fact that the men to be assisted prefer to starve almost before they will take their brothers' money." After relieving every applicant, a sum of £474 is still available, and subscriptions have been refused until the present credit is consumed. The Bankers' Magazine calls upon those who need help to come forward:—"Let no bank clerk in the colonies suffer want. Let it be widely known that any man in any colony who has ever been in banking service can get help from the Bankers' Institute in Melbourne, not doled out as charity, but given in brotherly fashion." Hard times are wonderful revealers of helpfulness and true manhood. The Council of the Untied Pastoralists' Association is holding its annual meetings in Brisbane during the present week. A petition has been filed for the liquidation of the estate of John Beven Steley, Biggenden, miner. A general meeting of creditors will be held at the office of James Malcolm Stafford, Maryborough, on 4th February. A meeting of the directors of the Gladstone Meat Works will be held in Brisbane on the 5th February for the purpose of considering the plans of the works, which are at present in the hands of the company's engineer in Mel- bourne. After passing the directors the plans will be submitted to the Government. Fair progress has been made with the foundations for the buildings at Gladstone. Mr. Warden Mowbray, of Charters Towers, wired to the Under Secretary for Mines on Tues- day that Francis Jenkins, a miner working at Mills's United, while asoending a ladder yes- terday forenoon from No. 6 to No. 5 level, was struck by an ascending skid, which broke his right leg above the ankle. He sustained a com- pound fracture of the leg, cuts on the head, and injuries to back. His condition was regarded as serious. An inspection of the mine was being made when the wire was despatched. A meeting of creditors in the estate of Camille William Faucher, of Richmond plan- tation, Pimpama, sugar manufacturer, was held at the offices of Messrs. Bouchard and Holland, solicitors, Queen-street. Mr. C. E. Holland was voted to the chair. The statement of affairs showed debts amounting to £1620 15s. 5d., assetss, £96 0s. 7d. The fall in the price of sugar, high price paid for cane, and pressure of creditors were given as the causes of insolvency. It was agreed to liquidate the estate by arrangement and not in insolvency. Mr. G. Gannon was appointed trustee, his remuneration not to be less than £10 10s. The debtor was granted his disoharge forth- with. Concerning Iredale's batting at Adelaide, " Observer," the graphic cricket contributor of the Argus, writes that his "series of fine scores against England mark him as next to Giffen the best bat now in Australia. He did not get anything like the same number of runs behind the wicket as in Sydney, but his off drives along the grass were as perfect strokes as I have ever seen from a driving batsmen. The Englishmen joined the crowd in applauding his performance. That he was not lacking in force was shown by the faot that he hit seventeen fours, and was batting a little over four hours. His skill in placing the ball was also a notable feature of his play. His wicket fell at 847, so that Iredale was in while 803 runs were being made." It will be remembered that, in October last, after the break up of the strike camp in the Winton district, a gang of four men, travelling it was supposed towards the West Australian gold mines, robbed Swan's Hill, on the Mayne River, and a cattle station on the Diamantina. Descriptions of the men were given and war- rants were issued, and Constable Rody Byrne captured two of them near Windorah. They were taken back to Winton and sentenced to imprisonment. One of the two who escaped was supposed to be H. Rickaby, a well-known union leader in the Blackall and Longreach districts, and his description was duly pub- lished in the "Police Gazette." It was supposed, however, that Rickaby and one companion had got clear away. Information was received in Brisbane this week that Rickaby had been arrested at Hungerford, on the South-west border, on a charge of larceny locally committed, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment in Roma Gaol. This was on the 18th December in last year, but the information is only now to hand. Of course, on the com- pletion of the six months' term, Rickaby will be sent to Winton and charged with the Mayne robbery. The Warwick farmers are very much exer- cised about the price offered for their milk by a large creamery in the district. It was announced that no more than 2d. per gallon could be given, and forthwith a semi-strike was declared. Since then common sense has prevailed, and the trouble appears to be tided over. Still the farmer chews the cud of sweet and bitter fancy, writing to the local papers the while. He argues that the creamery proprie- tors ought to be able to pay more—and so on. In reply the gentlemen concerned direct attention to the price of butter and cheese, and issue the following ultimatum :—"If milk is not forthcoming at the prices offered we shall unhesitatingly shut down. There's no alternative. At present we are circulating in the district about £8000 a year for milk, and there is no reason, except indifference and want of knowledge, why this sum should not be increased to £20,000 within a year or so at most." Farmers are proverbially obstinate, but they are unlikely to run their heads against this brick wall. The chairman of the Cairns Divisional Board has a record of progress in the task of making ends meet; but evidently there is a big task still before him or his successor. He said at a recent meeting of the board that for years he had resisted the temptation of sitting in the council, and when at length he found himself there he discovered that his chief duty consisted in wiping off the overdraft. To his regret he found that there was more discussion as to ways and means when £10 was wanted than was required formerly with regard to the expenditure of £500. On taking the chair in 1893 the overdraft stood at £5600, and arrears of rates at £2500; and although the endow- ment had been constantly on the downward Boale the overdraft was now only £4400, and the arrears of rates only £800. Mackay has not done so well. There the bank overdraft has been reduced by only £90, and arrears of rates are £80 more than last year. The revenue would, it is said, have been greater but for the delay in getting a certain by-law approved. Last year £182 was paid in bank interest, besides £648 interest and re- demption on Government loans. This, by the way, is the exact amount of the Government endowment. Seven thousand pounds stands to the credit of the harbour funds of Mackay, and it is said to be absolutely necessary to get something done to the harbour before next sugar season. It is notified in Saturday's "Government Gazette" that Parliament has been farther prorogued until Tuesday, 5th March, 1895. The Postmaster-General (the Hon. Mr. Thynne) and the Under Seoretary Post and Telegraph Department (Mr. McDonnell) left by the mail train for the South on Tuesday, en route to Hobart, where they will attend the Postal Conference. The Railway Commissioners have accepted tenders as follow :—4800 sleepers, J. J. King- ston and G. Conroy; construction of shoots at Roma-street yard, J. W. Mott; supply of 7600 tons of coal, Brydon, Jones, and Co., Peak Downs Copper and Coal Company, Meidemere and Co., and Smith, Jensen, and Co.; construc- tion of cattle trucks for the Central Railway, Burns and Twigg, Rockhampton. While Queensland is troubled with a desire among certain people in the North to separate, South Australia is in distress because she can not see her way to get rid of some of her territory. The Register has an article upon the subject which announces that "South Aus- tralia's White Elephant, whose other name is the Northern Territory, has been ailing for a long time, and now seven members of Parlia- ment have been directed by the Governor to try to ascertain what is the matter with it." The following are the rates at whioh engage- ments have been made during the current week at Marsh's Agency, Brisbane:—Governesses, £60 to £40 per annum; nursery governesses, £30 to £20; married couples, £75 to £50; cooks (male), 40s. to 25s. weekly; cooks (female), 25s. to 14s.; housekeepers, 20s. to 10s.; cook-laundresses, 20s. to 12s.; nurse-needle- women, 15s. to 10s.; house-parlourmaids, 15s. to 10s.; barmaids, 20s. to 12s.; nurse-house- maids, 8s. to 7s.; general servants, 15s. to 8s.; girls to assist, 7s. to 6s.; nursegirls, 5s. to 4s.; useful men, hotels, 20s. to 10s.; grooms and useful, 12s. to 10s.; farm hands, 15s. to 12s.; young grooms, 10s. to 8s.; useful lads, 8s. to 7s.; useful boys, 5s. to 3s. A private letter has been received by a gentle- man in Brisbane from Major-General Owen, late Commandant of the Queensland Defence Force. At the time of writing Major- General Owen had been for several weeks in Japan, and was spending a most enjoyable holiday in the Flowery Land. He had visited Hiroshima, and had been much interested in what he had seen there and elsewhere of the Japanese arsenals, barraoks, drill, soldiery, &c.; At Hiroshima he was fortunate enough to have an interview with Count Ito, Prime Minister of Japan, and to see the Second Division of about 15,000 men, all ready for service, and who might be sent forward to the seat of war at any moment. Major-General Owen has apparently been deeply impressed with what he saw of military matters in Japan. Mr. J. B. Henderson, Hydraulic Engineer, has just received Ministerial sanction to establish a complete system of flood warnings for the Brisbane River watershed, and has left the city for Woodford to inaugurate a system of signalling by means of rockets, flags, telegraphing, and by other means of communication. Marked posts for gauging high floods have already been fixed at various points, and arrangements have been made for boats and for other apparatus required. Mr. Henderson has also been authorised to establish similar systems in con- nection with the Mary, Burnett, and Fitzroy watersheds, and on the Condamine from its sources to St. George. Detailed instructions have been drawn out for the use of members of the Police Force, and for telegraphic officers and others. The opinion which we have so frequently expressed as to the existence of leprosy among the blacks of the Alligator River district (says the Northern Territory Times of the 31st December) has at last been verified beyond the ghost of a doubt. An aboriginal native of that district who came into Palmerston on Saturday last at the suggestion of Mr. P. Cahill (who was buffalo hunting for a couple of years at the Alligators) has been examined by Dr. O'Flaherty and found to be suffering from true leprosy. Mr. Cahill had a shrewd suspicion that the man was a leper, and by a little judicious deceit managed to entice him to come here to be "cured" by the doctor. After the medical officer had satisfied himself as to the nature of the disease the native was conveyed across to the leper camp, to break the monotony and lonesomeness of the solitary Chinaman's existence here. It is now common gossip that when the Government Resident's party was at the Alligator River recently Mr. Oahill pointed out several natives who bore outward and visible signs of leprosy more or less advanced in its terrible progress, and it is expected that the Resident's next report will contain references to the matter. 