THE TRANSIT OF MERCURY. Under this heading a week or so back, the veteran editor of the "Cumberland Times" went into the past somewhat, and compiled what might fairly be termed a concise history of the rise and full in journalism in Parramatta. Of courst: there wore u tew errora, but on the whole the account agrees with factH. Our old friend stnto« that ' two enterprising appron ticee of Mr. fuller wheedled out of that gentle nmn tbe secrets of liis buccohb, and then launched the Auuus in opposition to him.' In the fust place, the original Akous proprietary was composed of four prac tical men, one only of whom was an apprentice of Mr. Fuller. Neither of the two present pioprietors is tho person re ferred to. One of the present proprietors served his apprenticeship under Mr. Ferguson. Some 26 years back, the jovial Garnet Walch edited the "Cumberland Times," and on his staff were Jimmy Chisholm and Lipman Menser. In those dtiya Ihe journalists' hond quurterr, were the White Horse Uolluru, run by Jesso Hack. Maiy u time Iiiib the writer haunted tbe ' Collars ' iu quest of copy — uyo up to midnight on Friday. Sometimes he got tho much -sought for copy, uud sometimes, after hours of ' ghosting,' ho hud to come buck empty handed. When tho mission was fruit less, a conference would be hold, with tho general reBult that the writer would be sent oil' to either Dr. Woolls or tho Rev. G. F. Mucurtlmr, with a sealed note, or porh-.ips with the verbal message, ' Can you oblige us with a leader to-night. Tho editor iu indisposed.' What good old men those two respected gentle mou wore! The answer of the Rev. 1*'. G. was u utereotypt.'d one — ' Very well, my son, I'll come down to tho uilice in five minutes.' True to his promise he would be there to time ; would take po.itts uion of tho editoiiul chair, reel till' a loading article, am! read the proofs, and generally take away the first cofy, at about i o'clock on Saturday morning. Dr. Woolls lived further away, und he would writo off his article in his study, while thu boy sat nodding in a cosy arm 'chair. The writer well remembers John Ferguson's first attempt at leader writing. John used to run a big book shop in Sydney at the time. Garnet was reading proofs when the evening post arrived. Picking up a letter with the Sydney postmark thereon, Garnet ran his eye over the screed contained therein, and re- marked to the writer, who was holding copy, "a leading article from the boss." Garnet finished reading it, and then threw it in the waste-paper basket, remarking, "You'll have to write a lot more articles, old man, before you succeed us a leader writer." That was John's first attempt at leader writing, as an accom- panying note testified . These were the good old days of journalism, and about the only public gatherings that reporters attended were the borough council meeting and all the ban- quets. Other items of news were not sought for, but if persons interested brought them in, they were inserted. Then John came up to manage affairs himself. In those days he was rather a reserved, severe man. He walked with head erect, and bent it to no man. He had been a volunteer - an officer - and held several trophies for rifle shooting. After a time he took his plant to Sydney. Then, when a special article was required, Henry Parkes generally lent a hand, and on more than one occasion has the writer waited at the Club till Mr. Parkes dashed off a political leader. In those days John used to rub shoulders with Walter Cooper, Thatcher, Bunster, Hicks, Stephen, Sherry Moore, and a host of other literary lights. Friday night would come round us usual, and the leader would have to be dashed off. On one occasion, the writer had found Editor John, and demanded the leader, stating that he had orders not to leave without it. John was cor- nered, so he sat down to pen it, when in came the rollicking souls, Moore, Thatcher, Cooper, and several others, and invited John to a neighbouring snuggery. "Can't go for another couple of hours," was the reply, "five columns to be got somehow." "Oh, if that's all the trouble, give us some copy paper," replied the Bohemians, and in less than no time all hands were hard at it, reeling off copy wholesale, one writing a poem, one a special political article, and so on, and in this way some of the best publications of the "Times" were rattled off in less than half an hour. These were the good old days, indeed! 