T0PI6S OF TEE By 'Assaodsus.' Cissy Loftus (Mrs Justin McCarthy) re cently amused herself by ' taking ofi ' Mrs Lily Laugtry. And it is reputed tbat on this being told to the Lily by the usual 'd— d gjod-natnred friend,' she tartly re plied : ' It wonld suit the young lady bettor to try und produce an impersonation of Justin. McCarthy:' It is quite possible that Cissy haa already given that matter her 'most earnest attention' (as tbe menda cious Ministers shy) ; but I am inclined to doubt the yam myself . The retort is alto gether too derned smart for the Langtry to have thought of, for, although the Lily may be light in love, she ib devilish heavy in the matter of intellect. She may be beautiful, but she is not bracing ; in fact, Nature deals somewhat niggardly with the so-called softer sex in these respects, and whenever yon hear of a lady being as brilliant as Apollo, you can lay a thousand to a ?- thrum ' that she is as ugly as Hecate also. If the ' Langtry ' really did make the above stinging remark, however, it was a most improper thing to do. Cissie McCarthy requires no advice concerning her don.cstie affairs ; and, anyway, Mrs Langtry should be perfectly well aware of tne iact that some married ladies devote too much time to producing impersonations of other women's husbands altogether, and this occasionally leads up to a deal of trouble Apparently Sunny New South Wales has more than her ehare of this trouble, too, for during the past week or so Judge Windeyer's daring hands have 'put asunder' about a hundred persons whom God was believed to have ' joined together.' Tbe names of the applicants for divorce ranged lrom the lordly Fitz-UBborne down to the awful one of Bump, and in the case of the last-mentioned, the husband endeavored to secure a Crump) 'stake iu the country' by potting a co-respondent for £2,000, but the best kid plans of men and mice 'oft gang aglee,' and this waB oneof them. - _? . . * ' ? ' « There wan nothing spicy in any of Judge Windeyer'o 'little lot' to attract an andience, but tbe Divorce Court Session just concluded in the Cabbage Garden was aB full of humor ae a goat is full of hair. In one instance, a cabman deposed that be had looked through tbe peep-hole in bis cab and caught the respondent ' kissin' a little tart ' Of course this was so much Choctaw to the judicial innocent on the Bench, and he loudly enquired if the respondent was eating the 'tart,' or 'merely carrying it in a paper bag,' a matter which made the . Court ring with Homeric laughter — especially when the jocular Jehu further observed that the ' tart '-hugger was ' goln' aa near to eatin' her face as any man could go.' * * ? Cab-wails have ears, and cab-roofs have eyes ; and, now that 1 think of it, the giddy gentleman who figured in another domestic drama couldn't have been so very drunk when— while in the act of squeezing another little beauty in a hansom— he shouted out : 'I shay, cabby, how d'yer put «ut tbish blasnted lamp ?' Occasionally we hear of cabbies falling off their perches and spraining their neckr, and in nearly every instance of the kind, an astnte bobby ' shmells av th* mabn's breath,' and a ver dict of ' died drunk ' is carefully returned by the twelve ' good men and true,' who now haunt the Coroner's Court looking for an easy job. I have a shrewd idea, however, that in many of these cases unfortunate cabby had simply glued bis other eye to the peep-hole in the roof of his shandhrydan, and become so utterly flabbergasted at the panorama he eaw that he rolled over and died on the' spot. Cabs must be inconvenient places to court in, particularly if the lady is unwilling to be courted; although, by the way, there is much truth in the saying, that 'a man who threatens to cut your throat and a woman who protests that she'll BCream will neither of them be as good as their wordB.A For a real unpleasant courting place, however, commend me to the refrigerating chamber of a Meat Works Co., and yet in the evidence given in one of the recent Melbourne divorce cases, it was stoutly sworn that a certain lady allowed her burning love to consume her to such an extent that she was actually taken in adultery in the freezing-room con nected with the said company's works. Evidently Love not only laughB at lock smiths, but also at ice-houses, and baker's ovens, and, In fact, I wouldn't be very much surprised now to hear that the giddy little god was capering round in a morgue. The light-comedy feature of the Melbourne Court was furnished by a lady who actually took proceedings against her spiteful spouse because he ' used to take bottles of fleas to bed with him, and uncork them so that they could tease herl' That, 1 submit, takes the cake in the way of pleaB for divorce, and there was some ground, perhaps, for the as sertion made by a solicitor in Court to the eSect tbat the flea-bottling husband was born long after his time, and would have been an invaluable member of the Spanish. Inquisition. It is just possible, however, that this party meant well, and merely in tended to provide his sleeping partner with a little ' wholesome fun,' as Chief Justice Darley would 'say, in the way of dodging and occasionally smashing the phlebotom izing insects that were endeavouring to hold picnic sports upon her tender form. Every one to his taste, of course, but it occurs to me that Sheol can have no tenors for the man who cheerfully undertakes to Bhare one bed with a woman and a Sea. * * ? Mark Twain will soon strike Sydney's sunn; snores, and the funny man on the 'BM. Herald' has received special instruc tions to ' provide some pleasant reading,' in order to do justice to the glad occasion, and at tee same time convey a gentle hint to Mr. Mark that he doesn't hold a monopoly , of AIL tne humor in the world at present. As the 'Herald's' religious editor would say, it is ever desirable to place a slight re straint upon budding genius, and to chasten ambitions thosgbts by the opposition of friendly rivalry. And Mark must be grow ing ambitious in bis old days, lot I notice he bas cultivated a boil on the nape of his aeek —in imitation of Kaiser Wilhelm of Ger many. * « * ' Mark's present trip recalls the fact that after a lapBe ot thirty years, he called round to his native town, and, concealing Mb iden tity, he cornered ofi the oldest i&babitant; and liegan to pump him about the friends of bis (Mark's) boyhood days. That is gene rally an undesirable thing to do, and in Mark's caea it proved particularly unplea sant. After obtaining a heap of informa tion tbat wasn't worth seeming, Mark men tioned, with some emotion, the name of his first darling love. -'Oh, /«?)? ! ' exclaimed the ancient buffer, with brutal frankness. ' She's all right, I reckon. Been married three times ; buried two husbsnds (they do say there wuz tomethin' ' in their gruel'), an' she got divorced from the third, and sow she's agoin' to marry a gouty ole hog-raiser over in Chicago. She was a rsd-hot 'un from tbe sulpbur springs, you bet, and ef ehe don't raise the price o* pork, call me a (rancid) nigger. She's got a youngster in derned near every State on the map.' When Mark recovered from that ' facer ' he thought he would inquire on tbe quiet about himself. ' There was a Jad here named Clemens, I fancy,— ever hear of him 1 ' ' Ob, yes,' returned the veteran with more animation than was absolutely necessary. 'Everybody knew that pooden1 headed ass. He went to h — 1, 01 some where ; eny way he'll never be miBsed, an' if be wasn't hanged, the gallows got badly euchred ont of wot oughtcr to bev been a .sure tiling.' Mark left, a sadder and wiser man, soon after that, but, before be cleared out, be got one piece of information which has a peculiar interest for all here, now that the Fool-killer is shirking his work, and allow ing the practical joking sss to run amok through the land. .Mark asked how a cer Miss B — — had fared, and the remainder of the chat ran thus : — ' That was rather a bad case,' observed the old man. ' She died in the Insane Asylum three years ago. Never was eut of it from the time she went in, and always snffcrin', too. Never got a shred of her mind back.' Commenting on this, Mark says: 'It was a horrible tragedy, indeed. That poor wotuan Bpent thirty-six years in a madhouse, so that some young fools might have a little fun 1 I was a small boy at the time, and saw those giddy young lady friends come tip-toeing into the room where Miss B ? sat reading at midnight. The girl at the head of the practical-joker* wore a calico sheet, to represent a shroud, and had a dough face on her. She crept behind the victim, and touched her on the shoulder ; then the affrighted girl looked up and screamed, and fell into convulsions. Ehe did not recover from the fright, but wnnt mad— and died mad.' * # V Mark does not say that the practical- jokers were ' very sorry ' when they discovered tbe fnll extent of the damage they had done, bnt 1 suppose we can take it for granted that they were. Such people always are ' very sorry '—when sorrow is useless. Iu every town and village ghastly fools can be fonnd, ever ready to play such pranks, and it is high time some punish ment was legalised to bang their folly out of tbeir senseless skulls. Quite recently two cases were reported from Mel bourne, which will serve to illus trate this trouble. In the first in stance, a poor mother was Buddenly told 'just for a lark,' that her spa had been drowned. She fell dbwn'in a fit at once, and I believe her reason has not yet returned. In tbe other case numbers of women and children have been Beared .into kicking, fits by certain chostly appearanceB at South Yarra — as if even a gboBt could stand the Yarra's multitudinous mephitic odours. Luckily, however, some sensible men caught on to a playful young ass, named Stephen Barrington, who had rigged himself out as a combined ghost and devil, and if the captors didn't belt the devil out of Master Stephen they deserve to be scared silly themselves. Pouring molten lead down their shirt-collara' or stewing them !n oil would be fit punish ment for such idiots. Talking of tne insane! there is a good story told which shows that the ruling pas- ' sion remainB strong not only during tbe death of the body, but during the death of the mind as well. A certain bookie went 'balmy' through unloading beer bottles and laying beyond his book, and in time he was weighed into a lunacy asylum as a bad case. One day two of his old friends called to see that he was as well cared for and comfortable as they could wish, and on leaving, one of the pood sorts asked tbeir un fortunate old pal if they could do anything more for him. ''Well, yea,' replied the looney, a9 he began to scribble imaginary wagers in the air with a stump of straw. 'There's ju6t one thing you might do. I'd be real glad if you'd bring me a book and a pencil at once, because 1 must leave this shop in time for the Cup; and. strike me silly, tbe fellows here arc snch a blanky lot of stiff, stark, starin' mugs tbat they'd take any price I offered them about a horse. Why, when I sounded them about investin' on tbe ' Cawfleld ' the other day, pickle me bloomin' ehirt if one chump didn't ask me ? Wot price The SarbV And then he plugged another galoot in the jaw for sayiu' The Barb couldn't rnn any faster than a tin dog, and 'ole Jorrocks would walk in if Tait trained him.' Take it from me, boys, there's a gory fortune to be made up here if I can cop those mugs while they're in the humor.' The chatty chronicles of Truth's special .Barber recall thoughts of a colored coon in a certain Western town, who styled himself a 'toDBorisl artiBt,' and was, beyond doubt, tbe loudest swell in the whole district. In tbe matter of 'gab,' be could tie up one leg and give even Jawbone Neild ten yards and a gruelling in a hundred; and it was said that on his wife being asked if ner loquaciouB spouse ever talked in his sleep, she replied in a dazed sort of way : ' Well, yes ; I suppose he does deep sometimes, but I know he ib talking always.' On one occasion this babbling barber was called into tbe principal hotel to shave and otherwise trim up a lodger who had died peacefully, but suddenly, and tbe landlord, hearing tbe sound of a voice in tbe room where tbe operation was going on, put his car to tbe key-hole of the door and heard our hair- shaving hero gabbling thus to the corpse— ' Nice day, sah (pause). Eazzer suit you, Bah? (Pause). Been having a good ?spell o' weather, sab. Skin's a trifle tender thiB mavrain', sab. Think this Government's going t' last, sah? Ha'r 's gettin' rather thin on top, sah. To' can't beat tbe Non pariel Extract o' Cowcumber fo' dat— little thing ob me own, Bab. Know anythink fo' the Cup, Bah! A little oil, sah 7 Yes Bah. Dttr y on are elr. Next.' After that it was only natural that the unfortunate widow when she arrived and viewed the body shonld sadly observe — 'Poor Jim 1 he must have yiied in great agony to have his teeth set and Ub hands clenched like that I ' ? * * . The Gabble 8hop remains open for 'the despatch of business,' but a cloud of de pression seems to rest on all assembled, and the general proceedings never rose beyond the very mild enthusiasm usually seen at a blackfellow'e funeral. The Premier labors under some leal cause for anxiety, for, putting aside the fact (and it's always an awkward one for Mis') that his Government are now called upon to work, instead of skite.his dwelling-house has been feloniously entered on two occasions recently, and he is in grave dpnbt as to whether the burglars wanted to steal' his budget or his baby. Possibly tbey may have intended, to cnrrj^J the fat little man himself, and boil him down' for blubber or duck-farm fodder, but hecait rub the flattering unction to bis soul that it isn't every politician that is good enough for even tbat. * * ? The most striking appearance presented by the now House is the disappearance of the two Knights— Sir Artful 'Jtary and Sir Gloomy George. Total eclipse haa fallen on both, and their light has gone out as eflec tually as that of a slush-lamp, trod^an on by a wild cow. Bnt yesterday, Sir Ge'»r,-c arose in his wrath, and damned a whole city, while Sir 'Bnry stalked round with the proud air of a man who owned the earth and held a heavy mortgage on- the New Jerusalem as well- Now none so poor as to apnro&ch; either and ask ' (bic) L'l you take, ole man 'shmy Bhout 7' On the contrary, men gather raund from the four corners of the earih and say, ' Lo 1 we are delivered from a erent fear— let us kick the corpse 7' This is sad, of course, but it clearly proves that no man is wholly indispensable, even in the smallest village. I remember readme that away back in the days of Noah, the Al clipper ship, the Mary Ann, was sailing o'er a treacherous sea, when suddenly a terrific Btorm arose. Tbe wind howled like au elec tion riot ; tbe lightnings flashed and the thunder crashed, and it seemed as if the fiends of the air were playing football with bombshellB and kicking goals every second The headlands could not be seen ; the can! tain (Peterkins by name) lost his reckoning and the fair Mary Aan was rushing to bei ruin. « ? * The terrified passengers, seeing the danger, rushed up tbe aft-starboard binnacle quarter poop in wild confusion (I'm quoting from a diseased memory now), and a long-haired hungry-looking party shrieked, 'CapW save the ship 1 I'm the editor of the ? Daily Telephone,1 which bas tuelargeBt circulation of any paper in the world. I'm the most important man alive to-day, and, if I perish there'll be no one competent to advise the Government, and tbe whole blazin' coun. tiy'l! go to ruin, slap I' ' Ob, go to blazes !' shouted the skipper. 'I'll save the vessel for my ouvi suit, if I can— betcber life on that — and you'll come out dry, even though tbe politicians say you noosepapcr fellers arc the cuss of the country.' ' Captain 1' gasped a pompous, podgj saloon passenger, ' save your ship if you can ; but, at all coots, save M f. I'm tbe Prime Minister' o£ Kangarooton. If 1 go down, there'll be no one left to save the country. A crisis will come, ana tbe people will be devoured by fossils '.' ? * ? 'Captain!' groaned another shivering wretch, ' 1 care nothing for my own welfare ; but my 'art bleedB when 1 think of the thou sands of poor souIb depending on me. I'm the Mayor of Mudviile, and a pillar ot toe Church, and President of the Bible Boa;d, and if I am lost, all Mudviile will go to Sheol, even as a chicken goes to corn ! ' * ? ? ' Captain! ' growled another shivering wretch, ' i£ you are a right-thinking man. you'll devote all your energy to saving me, for I am the great suppressor of crime and the mighty upholder of law'n order. So keen is my judicial discrimination that I can tee guilt even in innocence itself, and if I go down, Justice itself goes with me. Tell me, is there any hope of mercy now ? ' '?Oh, shucks ot it.'Vsboutea 1'eterkino. ' All 1 have to do is to keep the Mary Ann off tbe rocks and on top of the waves, and '— Just here the Mary Ann thumped against a rock and took a header to 'the bottom. Every soul on board was drowned, lut tl-i uiily punrngcrt icho were a* much asthnvght about a leevk later were thorn- who died' in ihbi,-fi-dthty tcert.-nmcmbeifd'nvlg tu hi enthusiast ictilly cursed lij tleiir creditors. Speaker Abbott must have looked upon the opening of Parliament as 'a'- particularly dry-hash sort of ceremony, for he was recently installed as Grand Master of the Ancient, Free and Accepted Masons, and the Buperb sbivoo worked up for his hcno- on tbat occasion was one of tbe biggest things I ever saw since I lifted the roof and peeped down at Bclshazzar's big bingie bursting banquet. Amongst other fantastic fooleries, the trumpets Bounded a fanfare, and those most high and mighty demi-godB. the ' Supreme,' the 'Grand,' the'Koval.' and other Lordly Loonies, raised tbeir tin swords on high, and all the Mark Masons, wearing the light blue regalia of their Order, raised tbeir toasting-forks and waggled their fancy breech-cloutB and waved their em broidered napkins as they passed under tbe Arch of Steel, the swords clinking in time with the march played, and the brilliant red and blue calicos and rich bullion fingers and glittering imitation jewels all combining to make about as gorgeous n display as ever a Solomon I Blonder could wish for after a fresh cargo ol ripe missionaries had be?n. cooked and was ready for consumption. ? 0 ? All this love of tinsel and tomfoolery is but another form of the native idiocy which impels our blackfellows to jab fishbones through their snouts and put cockatoo feathers in their hair, and give tacit bodies a few coats of striped paint so as to make themselves look 'boodgerie' mad aa they pass under the High Arch of Shivering Sap lings, their Bpears keeping time to the ' too Poo March' thumped out of 'possum-skins by the woolly-headed gins. Tbe vulgar vanity and ridiculous rubbish connected with Masonic mummeries i! enongh to sicken even the Supreme Grand Goat, and the only secret the Almighty Master of a Lodge has to keep from his wifa is tbe humiliating fact that, at certain times, ha is a tin-pot lunatic at large, and the long eared leader of a lot of other fat, old boitle nosed frumps, who are juBt as mad aa himself. Take it from me, ye sad eyed, soul-woiried wives or Masons, there's no secret in the biggest Lodge on earth that is worth hanging over a backyard fence for five minutes (0 listen to. Nobody heats any pokers or boils any pitch. The Grand Gridiron is never used for any purpose more terrible than that of prilling rump steaks, no log- rolling (except in a political sense) is heard, the eavoury smell occasionally sniffed at an ' installation * comes from roast pork, not roast man, and — listen ladies— 1 have searched every lodge in the land and 1 never vet found even the tail of a billy goat in one of them. If yon find any stray hairs on vour husband's clothes after a late lodge meeting, don't lot him fool you with the excuse that 'it was the goat.1 Place them under a micros'.-ope and you'll find they belong to tho sucnoE .some Bixpenny-bar, and then you can grnl/ youi Most Mighty Grand by his costly cumberbund and get in as much real poke* business as yon please. Nothing is uoblci than the banding together of real white men for the purpose oJ mutual help, but let it stop at that, and don't let Charlatanism, marqnerade in the sacred garb o£ Charity. Farmers, Seedsmen, and Cottawojg should not fail to send for Horton's splendidly got up Seed and Plant Catalogue which may be had gratis npon application to MeBare K. Horton and Co., Haymattet, Sydney. Nest Saturday afternoon at S.30 Mr. E. C. V. Broughtoa, the well-known land sales man of 301 Pitt-street, will submit to auction, on the ground, tho Becond subdivi sion of the popular West Kensington Estate, \orth Botany. This sale should attract a, big crowd of specnlators. The human body is a victim to those dreadful enemies, the Microbes^ and to prevent those treacherousfoeBiioinapproach ing you, there is no better method than to keep yourself clean wd not allow food to decay in your mouth, or the clagging of the 1 pideimai. To prevent these things, one o£ the most leading chemists in Sweden brought out his world-renowned Amykos, which, without doubt, 1b the best toiletrequisite witb whioh to gargle your throat and wash your mouth and face. Amykos is stronglv recom mended as a preveotative of sore throat and bad breath.,' 