f foS IOMY OB FOR LOVE ?< NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., iBUTHOR OF" " THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE," " THE MYSTERY OF A MIL- V LIONAIRE'S GRAVE," "THE-HAUNTED HOUSE AT DUN THEIM;" ' ' , " "A THOUSAND MILES IN A CARAVAN," See., Ac. ALL KIGHT9 BESEKVED. < CHAPTER X,-— (Continued.) So certain were they at first that Sheila was guilty, and so horror- stricken at the unfeeiingness of the crime imputed to her, that their minds were worked up almost to the lynch ing point. Especially wus the female Bex, incensed against her, and that, too, in the direct ratio of its own virtue or vileness, as the case ' might he. If poor Shiela was a. sad sinner at the tea tables of the well-to-do, she was wicked with a wickedness that is unmentionable At the bar of the public round the corner. More than one slatternly Virago, while discussing her red-ruin with an equally slatternly neighbor, was heard to exclaim that hanging was "tar too good for the likes o' she" .—the she being Sheila — and if she, the virago, had. her . will the inhuman murderess should be flogged round the town- at a cart's tail, then flayed alive. But morning worked a revolution, rfnd the red-ruin rum ladies heard to their surprise that not only was Sir 'John Brewer going to defend .Sheila Moore, but. that in doing so. he would be fighting in tlie cause of bis future wife. " What! John Brewer?" the vira goes cried. "John Brewer, the thieves' lawyer, a-goin' to defend her. Then the poor lamb is hinnocent after all." To call the clever solicitor " thieves' lawyer" was not apparently to pay him any. great compliment,- but no harm was meant, quite the extreme indeed. There were men and women Christians, living ,in the gloomiest slums of the city, 'Who would nave risked their lives at- any hour of the day or night to do John Brewer a good turn. And now, oven the red- ruin-run ladies prayed that a blessing might fall upon the future lives of 'the pair on 'em," meaning Sheila and John. . Tea-and-scandal gentle ladies, how ever, were more . chary with either praise or blessing. They nodded and smiled to each other over their cups. They told each other just to " wait and see." The man — that was John — was evidently bewitched, though they could never notice any great beauty that Miss Moore possessed. Genius was akin to madness, one old maid ventured to j-emind several other old maids. '' Drink fills gaols," she said, " and -genius madhouses." In her opinion Mr. Brewor was clear gone out of his mind. The proof was patent to every body., He .to engage himself to. a chit of a child when there were dozens of respectable ladies in Chichester to choose from. "Yes, another cup of . tea, thank you." But nevertheless from the very morning of her arrest everyone was certain -that Sheila Moore was safe, for -John Brewer, the thieves' lawyer, had seldom indeed been known to be on the losing side. Still there was one individual who held quite an opposite opinion con cerning this great case, as it came to be called, and that- was , the detective Stransom. That he was a very clever man no. , one ever doubted ; that he never acted upon information received until he had proved it to be a certainty, all who knew him were well aware. Still the very cleverest are apt to be foiled and fooled at times, or once in a way, at all events, and the morning on whioh Sheila Moore appeared before a bench of magistrates for preliminary examina tion proved big with the fate of self- assured Stranson the tec. Only the night before he was bust ling with happy energy. It is not at all impossible for kindness and charity to dwell in the . heart. of a detective ; but you would have searched- in vain for it in the breast of this man Stran son. He would have handed over the most beautiful, and refined lady in the land without a sigh to justice and to death, had she. fallen into his clutches in. the way. of busi ness, and his brother or aged father would have shared the same as a thief or a burglar. Painting the man black, am I ? Perhaps. But this does not preclude the possibility of the man's having some good traitu in his character after all.- Further on we may, or we may not, discover these. Meanwhile he told himself, that Sheila Moore was safe enough in his not, and that Sheila Moore would marry or be hanged, to put it more grammatically. He knew something that was his peculiar secret ; Mary Vecuior had offered , to give herself up if she could become Queen's evi dence against Miss Moore. She had sent a messenger to Stranson .to. confer with him. Stranson had pro mised all he could promise, and the man had departed satisfied, and rioher by a ten pound note. He had ap pointed to meet the deteotive at South ampton, and conduct him to Mary Veoner's rooms. So no wonder Stran son was elated and happy. Strange to say the messenger adopted the most extraordinary pre cautions while leaving . Chichester to prevent himself from being shadowed. After knowing this the reader, will not bo surprised to be told that when Stranson went to the place of rendez vous there was no one there to oonduot him to Mary Yenner's rooms. The whole thing was a plant, and the deteotive was a wild man, because a robbed and befooled man, when he returned to Chichester. It is needless to say that the case against Miss Moore fell utterly through, that there was not grounds enough to send her for trial, and that when she drove homewards again with John Brewor she was more than evor the pet of the people. But Stranson had sought audience of Brewer a short time before hiB departure. Stranson was looking &b; black as thunder. " Well ?" said Brewer in his most dulcet manner. "I am robbed and ruined I" said Stranson. " Is that all you have to tell me 7" Bre.wer raised his brows. | "My good name has Buffered, and yon are pleased ?" " Delighted. That is a better word than pleased, and far more truthful.'' " John Brewer, it is you who have fooled me. Con you deny it J" 1 " Roally I would not answer "that question. And now suppose we say ' ta — ta.' I really musn'c keep the ladies waiting, you know." "John Brewer, my time will come. From this hour I shall live but to be revenged on you, and on the murderess you mean to marry, curse you." John Brewer grew a little pale, and there was a nasty glitter in his eye. The man who turns red when angry may mean mischief, but the man who turns whito is dangerous. "Did you say murderess, or was I mistaken ?" "I did say ' murderesB,' and I re peat " He never did repeat it. John Brewer's fist was a hard-one, and his arm was clad in muscle. That arm was suddenly extended, now. In conveniently so for Stranson, who gathered himself out of the mud next minute with his left hand holding"up .the fragments of a badly broken jaw. 'John Brewer quietly rearranged the flower, in his button hole, then saun tered off to join Miss Moore and her cousin. It was long weary weeks before Stranson left his room, and he looked but the pale ghost of a detective when lie did so, for all the time of his confinement his jaws had been tied together as firmly as a muzzled dog's, -and he had been fed on slops through a tube. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good,, however, and the collapse of. Stranson gave more than One- guilty wretch in hiding a chance of escape... A swindling clerk got clear away to .America, and a bank manager made ofi to Spain ; and Mary Vsnner —well, there was less chance of hound ing Her to earth now than ever. But .the worthy deteotive had just one consoling thought; Miss Sheila Mo'ore might even yet be tried for murder, and her proud husband's face ground in the dust. "Lucky for me,'' said Stransou to himself, " that the trial did not come off. She would have been acquitted-fpr the want of evidence, and no one in this- country can be tried twice for the samo crime. Oh, oh, my Lady Brewer, I'll have you yet." ' ' John .Brewer became more, popular now than ever. Not only was lie elected mayor, but" he was knighted. He would not have accepted the. proud office had he not known that Royalty was about to pass through the city. The particular representative of the House ;o£ Quelph who visited the town was a very jelly, fellow indeed, and not at all averse to a good dinner and a good- cigar thereafter. 1 And it was stated by the oldest inhabitant that never before had so splendid an entertainment been given at the Grange. Inside and out the house .was like a palace of the. fays ; every' tree' supported' its" nodding coloured lantern and - its chain of lights, and even the flower beds were all ablaze with beauty. It is not to be wondered at that a clever and ambi tious barrister, who had thus done to much to.pl'easure Royalty, should have some little return for so friendly! a welcome.. And then, you know, titles are so very cheap, " Sir John Brewer " had a pleasant ring with it, so had the " Sir John " without the " Brewer." It was Sir John this and Sir John that all day long among the servant's, and-tho solicitor's eyes sparkled and he smiled pleasantly when he heard it. The new butler — who had. come in stead- of the confidential servant Roberts, gone abroad — was quite a dignitary at the Grange, exceedingly pompons, exceedingly proper, a man who knew his duty and did it, a man the demureness of whose looks expelled familiarity, and to whom the other ser vants loo.ked up, delighting to honour in every way, -yet half afraid of all the time. '. , ' ; » A skeleton placed in a chair at a foast, as the Romans used to do,- must have been a cold and uncomfortable sort of guest to sit next to, though it 'may have had its nses. Precisely such a guest have I observed Beated at a medical student's supper. But here I think 'it, was somewhat of a failure, for towards the " wee sma' hoors" of mornjng, when fun began to get fast and furious, have I seen that same skeleton with a short clay pipe stuck between his grinning jaws, a wide-awake hat on the back - of his head, and its bony fingers encirciigg a tumbler of punch.' Inspiring, bold John Barleycorn, W.hat.dangerscaust thou make us scorn? Wo tw.o.panny, wo fear nao evil, ' ' .. : We usquebagh we'd fade the ——'' ahem ! "Well, we would face a skeleton at a feast, anyhow, if. wine flowed freely enough. And yet as - he stepped into the special Pullman car that was to bear him afar upon htB wedding tour, Sir John -started, .and for, a moment visibly trembled as his eyes. alighted not on a grinning skeleton, but on a grinning tec, who alone among that rejoicing crowd stood still and did nothing but store, His voung wife saw the man, too, and so baneful was the look in his eves that she almost fainted, and would assuredly have fallen had not her husband's strong arm supported. Yerily an ominous commencement to a wedded life. (to be continued!) 