RIGHT HON. W. E. GLADSTONE. HIS POLITICAL RETIREMENT. A HARBOUR OF REST AT HAWARDEN. (By Mr Henry W. Lucy in the S.M. Herald) WESTMINSTE%, JULY 19. Whilst political parties are in the throes of deadly confliot, whilst o'd Parliamen tarians find the door of the House of Commons unexpectedly Eshmm:d in their face, whilst Liberalism is swept in the background, and co.ition marshes onward with conquering tread, Mr Gladstone is quietly spending the summer days at Hawarden, writing a little, reading a great deal, and possibly, as he watches the rout of bhe Liberal host, thinking much more. It was a curious coincidence that the first newspaper that reachel his hand on his return from his expelition to the Baltic should have contained news of the resignation of Lord Rosebery's Ministry. When he started upon his brief voyage there was no visible ground for apprehension of catastrophe. Ministers were threatened with revolt by the We!sh memb.re and by increasing lukewarmness ammng the Irish. But they were always being threatned, and hirhe:rt the truth of the axiom about threatened men living long had been abundantly proved. According to all appearance when theTantallon Castle left Gravesend the Ministry would struggle through the session, pssib'y face an autumn session, and dissalve in February next year. Tnat, as Mr Gladstone knew, was the iMinisterial programme, and there was no reason, bar such an accident as happened, why it should not be carried out. Ten days later he came back to find that his former col leagues were no longer Ministers, and that Lord Salisbury hanl been "sent for" by the Queen. One of the most remarkable achieve ments of Mr GQalhtmne is the completeness with which, having formally and finally retired from political life, he is able to put away political things. It is, of course, no new thing. When in 1875 he wrote his historic letter to Lord Granville, announc ing his resignation of the leadership of the Liberal party, he for a while was able absolutely to shut off the steam of political life under which, at the time of the disso lution, every fibre of his body had throbbed. Circumstances proved that his retirement was premature. 4 While it lasted'it was, as far as politics were co.. corned, absolute. In this second and last great renunciation of active pol:tics Mr Gladstone has apparently found it equally easy to cut himself adrift from the long irresistibly attractive field of politics. It was curious on tie morning when the Tantallon Cas!le anchored off Gravesend and a large bundle of morning papers were biought to Sir Donald Currie at the breakfast table how coyly Mr Gladstone regarded them. There were some politicians on beard, membzrs of both Houses of Parliament, and othoes, who were in such haste to learn the news that they almost snatched papers from the bundle. At Kiel on Saturday morning news had come of the defeat of the Government is the Hs.uae of Commons on the cordite question. Would they dissolve, resign, or go on, igncring a chance division on a side issue ? These were the questions that had been dissvased at the table, on d-ck, and in the smoking-room. Gothen burg, busy about its own affairs, knew nothiug of the Ministerial crisis in England. Between Kiel and Gravesend there was no news or means of obtaining it. But here were the Lon don papera hot from the pr:ss. You bad only to open them and learn all. Mr Gladstone, offered by Sir Donald first pull from the precious bundle, looked as it he were a little bored with the whole subject. After a moment's hesitation he tock up from the heap a copy of the Daily News, put it under his arm, and walked off to his state cabin on duck. The news would keep at least till he had settled down in his armchair by the table, on which were his Danish Dictionary, and the book in the new language which, with its assistance, he was already able to read. His imper turbability was not shared in the Ea'oon. Before he had got halfway up the com panionway Sir Algernon West came after him wih the portentous news that the Government had resigned. "Eh ?" said Mr Gladstone, waking use of that Lan cashiree exclamation which constantly comes to his tongue after a space of more than 80 years. " It is very serious." That was his sole remark. He slowly continued his journey to his cabin, where, seated by the open door, he spread out his Daily News and learned all that was to be told of a stumble that led to a pro trat'on of the Liberal party that recalled Disraeli's triumph in 1874, or the first successes of the Coalition party at the general elect!on of 1886. It was impossible, observing this scene, to avoid reflection on the altered circum stances under which the veteran statesman lived and still worked. In obedience to his own injunction in a famous peroration he had been wise and wise in time. Had he not, at the close of the long session that saw the Home Rule Bill carried through the Commons and hewed to pieces before the Lords, retired from the political arena, he would have found himself at the close of his little holiday in the Baltic face to face with a fresh and stupendous contest. As it was he could read his paper with all the comfort and healthy interest of the man who had no responsibility for Ministerial action or the course of political events. Not for him the anxious confabulation with Cabinet col leagues. Not for him the slow arrival at momentous decisions. No more Midlothian campaigns for him, nor any more the anxious watching of the rising or falling poll, with the alternate issue of em barking him once more on a troubled Ministerial voyage, or in dritting him out to the havenle:s sea of Op. position. As after landing from the Tantallon Castle he drove through ths crowded streets of the ctty he must have felt what marvellous change was wrought in his condition. Three years esal:er, driving through Lon don, the metropolis throbbing in anticipa tion of a general election, h:s carriage would have been followed by an exciting crowd, some cheering, some hooting, acoording as conacience and conviction dictated. Now as he passed along at the slow pace necessitated by the city traffic people on the pathways, recognising the familiar face and figure, stopped to look. "There's Gladstone," they said to each other, and lifted their hats in mute respect ful salutation. There was passing through the city stree's not the strenuous states man round whom for more than 50 years the turmoil of political warfare had raged. It was only his ghost--a wraith that had nothing to do with election contests or with maj ri:ies in the House of Commons or the country. Mr Gladstone a: well content wi'h this state of things, even grateful at its existence. That on this particular day when he drove from the city in the circum stances indicated his renunci etion of power was absolutely voluntary, and might, if he pleased, be only tempr}rary, was a fact that had just bean brought home to the public mind. The report that he had by an overt act withdrawn his active support from Lord Rosebery's Government had, even though it was promptly and authori tatively c3ntradictsd, dealt the Ministry a b.ow to whioh may probably be traced a powerful impetus tewards its fall. In conversation and in general bearing Mr Gladstone seemed de'ightfully unconscious of his potent ality. Talking to me one day as we slowly threa'ed the mazes of the beautiful harbour of Gathenburg, he prefaced some remarks about the new Speaker by saying that he did not follow these things very closely now. "But," he added, "f om what I have seon I have formel the highest opinion of Mr Gully's conduct in the chair." If the life and d ings of Bishop Butler, and the addition of the Danish to his store of spoken and written languages, do not leave him much time to follow contemporary events in the House of Commoas, his memory of scenes he has participated in is as vivid as ever. Talk about the new Speaker led to a conversation about his predecessor,who, on the previous day at Kidl, finding him s.lf ancho-e i close by the Tautallon Castle, had come on board to pay his respects to Mr Gladstone, " Mr Peel," said Mr Glad stone (it was hard for one who had known him all his life to drop into th3 new s'yle and talk of Lord Peel), "should for ever hold a high place in the list of Speakers of the House of Commons, if it were only for a single event. He once interposed to save the House of Commons from a position into which, had it fal'en, it would have been eternally disgraced." Then, with galhering fire shining through fishing eyes, in a voico that might and doubt'ess was heard across the tender in which we were seatel, Mr Gladstone recalel an event in the early history of Mr Joseph GillisBiggar. He had made use of an expression which the Speaker had denounced as a breach of order. In his dogged way he had refused to re. tmract and apo!ogiec. He was "named," and the usual motion was made that he be suspended from the service of the House. The debate was adjourned, and at the next sitting Mr Biggar, yielding to the advice and entreaty of some of his friends, with. drew the offensive expression and offered hi~s apology. At the time the member for Cavan was not undeservedly an object of especial contumely and Ec)rn on the part of the Conservative members. They declined. to aczept the proffered apology, and noisily insisted upon carrying the motion of the suspension of the errant but judiciously repentent member. Then it was the Speaker interposed and suggested that Mr Biggar having made an apology penal proceedings should not be carried further. "It was a Lold, a courageous step for the Speaker to take in such circum stances," said Mr Gladstone. " But it was a great thing to do, and itseved the House of Commons from a lamentable position. It will be an evil day for the House when it comes to pass that an apology offered by a member for an offerce is not promptly accepted as absolute amends." 