CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. All old friends and college acquaintances of Mr. J. P. McManamny will be pleased to hear (says the Southern Cross) that he has com pleted his ecclesiastical studies at Manly, New South Wales, and is at present en route for the Capranaca College, Rome, where he will still further pursue his studies in theology, being at present too young to be raised to the dignity of the priesthood. He arrived by the Orizaba on Monday, and during his short visit to Adelaide was the guest of Mr. P. McNamara, Carrington-street. He was educated at St. Aloysius's College, Sevenhills, and the Christian Brothers' College, Adelaide. Before going to Manly, however, he spent some time at the college conducted by the Holy Ghost Fathers, Ballarat. Whilst in Adelaide he was the recipient of numerous congratulations from his admirers and on Wednesday was ac companied on board the mailboat by a number of past pupils of the C.B. College. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of August 23: — "Dr. Joseph Cook, of Boston, preached at the Centenary Hall, Sydney, last Sunday. The Rev. John McNeill has been engaged on an evangelistic tour in the Highlands. The Rev. J. Thorne, who is visiting England to take part in the Thorne Centenary Celebrations, and his sister, Miss Thorne, have recently been spending some time at Shebbear. The Rev. A. R. Edgar, of Wesley Church, Melbourne, and Mr. A. J. Barclay, home missionary from Perth, will be among the visitors to the Convention next week. The Rev. H. Trewren, of Palmerston, writing to the president on August 5, reports himself in excellent health and spirits. He has recently visited Pine Creek, where he was warmly wel comed by the few settlers in that locality. Among the ministers whom the stationing com mittee in England provisionally stationed beyond the three years limit are the Rev. W. H. Thompson, of Camborne, chairman of the Cornwall district ; the Rev. Arthur Wood, a fifth year ; and the Revs. J. H. Greeves, H. T. Meakin, C. H. Bishop, and G. Duval, in each case for a fourth year." ============================= An exciting fight between a thrasher and a whale vras witnessed by the passengers by the Adelaide Steamship Company's steamer Bullarra on the run down the Queensland coast (writes the Svdney Daily Telegraph of Saturday). 'At i) a.m. on Tuesday, the 13th inst., south of Lady Elliott Island, the steamer passed within 50 yards of a blowing whale, and directly afterwards it was seen to be attacked by a thrasher. The latter, which seemed to be & largo dark colored fish, of 8 ft. or 10 ? ft. in length, could be distinctly seen throwing itself twice its own length into the air, glistening in the sun light, and falling heavily on the luckless whale, which was in a flurry and spouting water. It is supposed that the wliale is pre vented from sounding by the attack of a sword fish from below, always acting in concert with the thrasher. The sea was lashed into foam for some distance around the conibatants, and so long as they remained in view of those fortunate enough to behold this sea fight, the thrasher could be seen leaping, flashing and falling with almost the regularity of a machine.' During June last 904 births were regis tered in South Australia, or -200 per cent., the average for this month during the past five years having been 957. In the city 84 birthr- were recorded, or ?209 per cent. The death rate of the colony during tbe same month was 244, or '070 per cent., the quinquennial average for June being 349. The city's share of the total was 65, or '162 per cent, forty-seven cases were under one year of age, 15 from that to five years, 19 between five and twenty, 42 under forty, 48 under sixty, 51 under eighty, and 22 upwards of eighty. It will be noticed that the mortality has been pretty severe among elderly people, as 73 have departed this life, including the 22 octogenarians. The cause of death in 28 cases was phthisis, in 18 cancer or malignant disease, in 13 pneumonia, in 13 apoplexy, and in 25 old age. Eleven fatal accidents occurred during the month — not one by gunshot wounds — one case of homicide, and two cases of suicide, both by banging. Seventeen coroner's inquests were held, and in 12 instance** the cause of death was not certified. A, correspondent writes : — ' I have just travelled through the Mundoora, Wandoarah, Pirie. Lower Broughtou, Warnertown, Crystal Brook, Huddlestone, Gladstone, Georgetown, Gulnare, Yacka, Brinkworth, Blyth, Kybunga, Hoyleton, Halbury, and Balaklava districts, and can safely say that \rath the exception of the Lower Broughton and Pirie districts no one has any cause to complain. Should tbe season continue the harvest will be good.' From Messrs. Cawthorne & Co. we have re ceived a copy of the summer number of Black and White, which as usual is full of well executed illustrations and interesting literary matter of varied character. A two-page picture from the painting by C. Smithers — ' A Race: Mermaids and Tritons' —pleases the eye and soothes the senses, and is an appro priate selection for a summer . number. Daintily done sketches adorn its leaves, and there are several pleasant stories — in fact author and artist have combined to make the production an attractive one and worthy of the reputation the paper has acquired. The annual meeting of the Bishop's Home Mission Society will be held in the Town Hall on Thursday, September 5. Dr. Harmer will preside, and Dean Stretch, bishop-designate of Riverina, will visit Adelaide to speak at the gathering. Admission will be by ticket, obtainable at the Church Office. By the appointment of the Rev. W. S. Hop craft to succeed Canon Poole at St. Johns Church, Halifax-street^ the incumbency of St. Augustine's, Port Augusta, will become vacant. The Rev. John Lumsden, of Mount Barker, has been offered by the Bishop of Ade laide and has accepted the position. The Rev. W. J. Bussell has resigned the in cumbency of Strathalbyn, -which he has held for many years, and has undertaken the im portant charge of the River Murray mission, which includes the village settlements. The placing of a light at Middle Bank, often recommended by the Marine Board, is to be proceeded with, the Government having authorised the board's acceptance of the lowest tender for the repair of the old Germein Bay lightship. Under the scheme adopted the lightship will be repaired, refitted, and placed on Middle Bank, showing alight visible over a radius of eight miles. It was proposed to use the present Port Germein light tor the pur pose, and to place at the port a more powerful iiirht, as a stronger one is needed. _ This plan, however, will require the importation of a new light from England at a cost of about £120. There is a disposition to avoid this expense if possible ; consequently the president of the Marine Board will confer with the Treasurer as to what is best to be done. The Hon. J. L. Parsons attended at the office of the Export Produce Depot on Thurs day and was busily engaged receiving com missions and instructions concerning the trial shipments of South Australian produce for Eastern markets. The South Australian Ostrich Company are sending- a consignment of feathers, both dressed and in a natural condition. Mr. Parsons, who will leave Ade laide on Wednesday or Thursday next to catch the steamer Menmuir in Sydney, states that satisfactory arrangements are being con cluded with tho various shippers_ of produce, there being no difficulty in coming to terms with them. The Government have no respon sibility with regard to the exports, as the Produce Department will make out the bills of lading for the produce sent in the names of the various shippers to their order, and as soon as the goods have been shipped the documents will be handed over to the owners of the goods. The Government, selecting one out of three recommendations placed before them by the Marine Board, have decided in Cabinet that the jetty at Edithburgh, which at present is under local control, shall be resumed, and the lease offered at auction on terms as to repairs and improvements, and with necessary restric tions as to management. The president of the Marine Board is to see that tbe lease requires the expenditure of not less than_ £3,000 in improving the accommodation provided by the jetty, complaints as to the present structure being inadequate having led to^ the proposed action. Notification of this decision was placed before the Marine Board at their meeting on August 22, when the president suggested that the Engineer-in-Chiof should be consulted as to the best plan of improvements to be carried out at this place at a cost not exceeding £3,000, plans and specifications of which, could be included in the lease. They could then call for tenders for tbe lease of the jetty, giving lessees the right to collect tolls not exceeding a scale to be specified — the Marine Board scale for instance. The board thought the lease should be for a term of 21 years, and it was agreed that the president should be empowered to proceed with the matter in the manner he had indicated. Sir E. C. Buck, Chief Secretary to tbe Go vernment of India, Department of Revenue and Agriculture, writes to the London Times from Belaugh Rectory, Norfolk, June 13 : — ' Spending the winter, while on furlotfgh from India, at Sorrento, I became acquainted with a fact, perhaps not generally known in Eng land, that sufferers from Jbisth-iiii find relief when residing in the neighborhood of orange and lemon groves, with the pungent essences of which tiie atmosphere is filled. This at least is a belief prevalent and acted upon in South Italy, and striking cases in corroboration of it came under my notice. There are doubtless many places where the requisite conditions can be found, though hardly more so than in the 'Piano di Sor rento.' The 'Sorrento Plain,' an area of a few squa,re miles encircled by hills, is literally crammed with orange and. lemon groves run ning up to the very walls ..of its houses and villas. Numerous shiploads of the fruit are sent yearly to America and England. If, then, there are any grounds— ^and there seems no reason to doubt their. existence — for the belief current in Italy, Sorrento may prove a haven of refuge to some at least of those sufferers from a painful disease who cannot find immunity elsewhere. It is in their inte rest that I addi-ess you.' The ways of Government departments are curious and past finding out, says the MilU cent Times, and then proceeds : — ' Although Millicent is tbe centre of one of the largest pastoral districts' of the provincu and under ordinary circumstances would forward heavy consignments of stock . to Adelaide there has never existed at the railway- station any con venience for trucking cattle or sheep. When it is necessary to load stock on a train the stationmaster has either to improvise a race out of ladders, planks, and odds and ends of material, or to carry the animals bodily aboard the train one at a time. As a consequence of this owners who wish to make use of the railway prefer to travel sheep to Kalangadoo, over 20 miles away, where in the middle of tbe primeval forest there is a yard and race. Alter, .which the State statistician with a wild whoop informs his de partment that the section of line between Millicent and Mount Gambier does not pay. As it is evidently the intention of the autho rities to prevent it paying at any cost, this paper rises respectfully to point out that in spite of sundry inconveniences there are still a number of belated passengers and consignors who make use of the line bv stealth, and that it would be advisable to build a stone wail round the station and post a battery of artillery at each corner to repjl these pre sumptuous individuals. Under sucli a policy the line would fall into absolute disusu in about six months, whereas with the present half -hearted policy of repression that evidently wished-for consummation will take at least two years to arrive/' The monthly meeting of the Field Naturalists'1 section of the Roy-il Society woe held at the institute, North-terrace, on Tuesday evening. Dr. Perks presided over a large attendance. Messrs. T. Evans and T. Fabian were elected to audit the accounts for the current year. Mr. O. Menzel showed a collection of p-rowing native flowers of South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales, %includ ing some fine cuts of Grevillea of different species. Mr. W. H. Selway exhibited a branch with fruit of Pittospornm pbylliraeoides found grow ing near Walkerville, also shells and spider's cocoon, &c; Mr. O. Menzel Bliowed some birds' nests containing the eggs of honey-eaters and acanthi za Jineata, one of the birds 'familiarly known as tits. ' A collection of lichens was exhibited by Mr. J. G-. O. Topper, who gave some interesting information relative to these humble members of the vegetable world. He recommended the study of licheus to the members as one very little explored. Mr. T. D. Smeaton con tributed a paper entitled ' Observations from from a railway train.' In the absence of the author the paper was read by Mr. E. H. Lock. The contribution dealt with persons, events, and objects seen during a brief journey on the Hills railway line, and frequently introduced matters of scientific interest. A vein of dry humor pervaded the entire production, and served to enliven the more serious subjects which claimed attention. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Smeaton for his contribution. During the evening a com munication was read from the Commissioner of Crown Lands notifying that the period of protection to kangaroos on Kangaroo Island had been extended for a further term of three years. The population of South Australia was esti mated on June 1 last at 347,787 compared with 343,172 twelve months earlier. On the same date in 1893 the total was 335,610 ; in 1892, 324,350; in 1S91, 315,619 ; and in 1890, 310,723. During June the births exceeded the deaths by 6liO, so that from natural increase alone the population would be raised to 348,447 at the close of that month. During the current year up to the end of June, 5,341 births and 1,893 deaths have been regis tered, or a balance of 3,446 in favor of the former. The oity of Adelaide was credited on January 1 with 40,167-inhabitants, compared with 39,749 last year, and 37,189 five years ago. During the year 550 births have been recorded as against 404 deaths, or a natural increase of 146. The next leading town in point of population is the munici pality of Kensington and Norwood, which on January 1 had 12,941 inhabitants, though it was closely run by Unley with 12; 764. Hindmarsh was third with 9,050; and' then came tbe Semaphore, 7,966; St. Peters, 6,313; Port Adelaide, 5,423; Thebarton, 4,314; Glenelg, 3.9M; and Brighton, 943. Port Pirie beaded the list of the country towns with 4,025 ; aud then camo Mount Gambier, 2.S89; Gawler, 2,268; Burra, 2,453 ; and Kapunda, 2,170. The rest of the provincial corporations ranged thus: —Wallaroo, 1.SS2 ; Moonta, 1,679 ; Kadina, 1,674; Port Augusta, 1,428; Jamestown, 1,170 ; Clare, 1,039 ; Strathalbyn, 894 ; and Goolwa, 704. During the 12 months which closed on June 30 5,993 offences against the law came under the notice of the police, as compared with 7,049 during tho year 1893-4— a net decrease of 1,056. The number of persons apprehended in the same period was 4,143, aeainst 5,125 in the preceding year; and of those taken into cus tody 106 were committed for trial, 3,525 were summarily convicted, 432 were discharged, and 20 were otherwise disposed of. Five hundred and eighty-four of the persons arrested were females. Commissioner Peterswald in his annual report makes an elaborate comparison of the criminal records of the two past years. 'The decrease in drunkenness during the year,' he says, 'is very nc?ticeable ; also the offences which par take of the larrikin element, viz., disorderly behavior and indecent language.' Drunken ness shows a decrease of 531 cases, disorderly behavior of 13S, and indecent language of 167. Cases of murder show an increase of four, the total being 12 ; but they have nearly all occurred in the Northern Territory. Decreases are indicated in common assaults and assaulting the police, gambling, em bezzlement, vagrancy, and burglary, and in the number of rogues and vagabonds apprehended. Mr. Peterswald suggests that to remedy the difficulty in tracing stolen cattle and horses which are sold by public auction, an Act similar to that in force in Victoria should be introduced; and that 'marine store dealers, whose employe's, commonly called bottle gatherers, have many opportunities for petty pilfering, and not infrequently take advantage of them, should be licensed and registered and their carts marked, and should be obliged to keep regular books of purchase, &c;, always open to police inspection.' Mr. Holder delivered his second successive annual Budget speech in the Assembly on August 22, and he was listened to with great attention by ? a ? full house and crowded galleries. He spoke for 2 hours and 20 minutes, but his utterance was so fluent, so clear, and so interesting that tbe time occupied seemed much shorter. There was absolutely no check raised to the motion to go into Com mittee of Supply, and so the Treasurer was at_ work on his financial state ment within a quarter of an hour of the time when the Speaker took the chair. The first half of the speech dealt with figures of the past, and it was not until nearly 4 o'clock that Mr. Holder camo to the chief pro posals of retrenchment. There is to be no new taxation of any kind. The Ministry intend to reduce the salary of the Governor from £5,000 to £4,000 a year, aud to dispense with the ser vices of Mr. Heath, one of the Commissioners of Audit. They also propose to extend the scope and to increase the rate of the public salary reductions. Previously all public salaries under £150 were exempt. Now tbe limit is to be dropped to £75. Be tween that amount and £150 a reduction of 5 percent., or £3 15s., will be made; the amount of salary between £150 and £300 is to beav a reduction of 7\ per cent., or £11 5s.; the sum between £300 and £600 is to be lessened by 15 per cent., or £45 ; and on all amounts over £(500 the deduction is to be £27 10s. in each £100. Principally by the lowering of tbe exemption the Civil Service salaries are therefore made to contribute £30,000 yearly to the needs of the Treasurer, instead of £10,000, as was the case under the previous Act. Those officials who nominally draw £1,000 a year will really receive but £830, while the public servant supposed to obtain £150 a year will get £14o 5s. in the former case the State will deduct about £3 5s. weekly and in the latter about Is. 5d. Overtime fees to the amount of £2,150 a year are also taken from Customs officers. Other savings enable the Treasurer to forecast a surplus of £7,191 at the end of the financial year. From the appendices relating to the Trea surer's budget speech which was delivered in the Assembly on Thursday, Aug. 22, a very good idea can be obtained of the anticipated position of South Australia at the close of the present year, w-hich will end on June 30, 1896. The estimated revenue is as follows : — Ordinary ? ... £2,223,190 Territorial ? 203,250 Total ? £2,426,440 The estimated expenditure will be £2,419,249, so that if the Treasurer's figures eome out correctly there will be a credit balance of £7,191. In order to bring about this result £9S,000 of the debit balance of £98,475 from last year is to be provided for by tbe issue of Treasury bilk under the Act c^ iS.Qo. The details of expenditure are thus : — Portion of debit balance ... £473 Under special Acts ... 900,731 Shown by Estimates ... 1,358,045 Total ? ... £2,420,440 The chief revenue producing lines are: — Taxation, which produced £762.656 last year and whichiseypected to yield £759.194 this year; public works and services, which brought in £1,353,660 last year and which are expected to yield £1,388,622 this year ; and miscellaneous receipts, which returned £111,210 last year and which are looked to for £75,374 this year. The total ordinary revenue is therefore expected to be £2,223,190 as against an actual receipt of £2,227,526 last year ; while the territorial income is ex pected to be £203,250, as against £206,163 paid into the Treasury this year. The appendices published in connection with the Treasurer's financial statement delivered on Tharsday, Aug. 22, show that the actual revenue from all sources last year was £2,433,6S9, and this year it i3 expected to be i!2,426,440. Going into details tbe Estimates of revenue are : — Customs duties, £480,000, an increase of £7,732; excise duties. £8,250, an increase of £132 ; and beer duty, £28.000, an increase of £8,098, licenses making- ud alto gether a Customs revenue of £518,510. From probate and succession duties £60,000 is ex pected, being a decrease of £10,520 ; from land tax £72,000, a decrease of £10,375; from the absentee tax £3,700, practically the same as the actual receipts last ypar ; from the income tax £60,000, an increase- of £1,966; from stamp duties £26,000 ; and from licensing benches, £15,344. The other lines are practically the same as last year, except that under the heading of police £7,000 of the cost of their maintenance is to be recovered from corporations, &e.; A sum of £10.000. too, is expected to be received from the cash sale of Crown lands towards the pavment of revenue deficit on June 30. 1887. The table of esti mated expenditure incidentally shows that tho Ministerial salaries last year were £855 only, instead of the £1,000 they are entitled to receive under the Act, and out of this it may be remembered they have each to contribute something to the Government Whip. The two Commissioners of Audit only received £1,710 instead of £2,000, and the Agent-General £1,246 instead of £L500. The only pension paid by South Australia is that to Mr. Charles Bonney of £250 yearly, which lias been received since 1855\. Members of Parliament in the aprere gate received £13,602 last year, instead of £14,200, but the grant-in- aid to corporations and district councils under special Acts, which was estimated to reach £25,000, spread to £29,978, and £30,000 is to be specially given this year. The general elections will cost an extra sum also. The interest on bonds and stock is now £808,385, as against £800,621 last year; and on Treasury bills £61,500, as against £61,416. The actual strength, of the South Australian Police Force on June 30 last, according to Commissioner Petersv/ald's annual report, was:— 3 inspectors, 3 sul'-inspectors, 14 sergeants, 16 corporals, 1 saddler, 315 con stables, 2 female searchers, aud 21 native police — a decrease of 18 during the past twelve months. ''The police,''' says the Commis sioner, 'continue to perform numerous duties that were formerly carried out by other departments, and computing the saving to them by what used to be their former expenditure it amounts to several thousands per annum. Adelaide and its suburbs contain a popula tion of 133, G5S, and cover an area of 167,680 acres; Melbourne, a population of 457,230 and an area of 102,660 acres ; Sydney, a population of 416,370 and an area of 86,400 acres. Ade laide and suburbs has a force of 205 constables of all ranks, Melbourne 700, and Sydney 661, makintr one constable to 676 persons in Ade laide, one constable to every 653 persons in Melbourne, and one constable to every 630 persons in Sydney. The proportion of officers to constables, in South Australia is 1 to 60 ; in New South Wales, 1 to 34 ; in Victoria, 1 to 42 ; and in Queensland, 1 to 2S.:' Mr. Peterswald announces a further saving of £1,500, the total cost of the department being at the rate of 4s. 5d. per head of the popula tion, against 4s. 7/od. last year, and 5s. 0£d. the year before. Eighteen vacancies have oc curred since July, 1894, none of which have been filled up, making a total reduction of 33, including one inspector who resigned, since July, 1S93. 'The metropolital inspector, whose branch of the force this reduction prin cipally affects, having shown me,' says the Commissioner, 'that the men at his command were insufficient to guarantee the safety of the city, I have been obliged, as far as possible, to withdraw foot police from country districts and put mounted police, some dismounted and some on bicycles, in their places,' The Trea surer in his budget speech on Aug. 22 made an announcement bearing on this matter. Muni cipal cor])orations and district councils will in future have to revert to the old system of pay ing one-half the cost of any foot police sta tioned within their borders, tbe total so con tributed being £7,000. Sixteen corporations will have to pay varying amounts, the largest being that debited to Adelaide, £4,106 5s., and the next that which Norwood and Kensington is called upon to pay, £273: Fivedistrictcouncils will have to pay £6S 8s. 9d. each, being half the cost of one foot policeman. The oilier moiety of the expenses will be met by the Government. In concluding his re port Mr. Teterswald remarks:— 'I deeply regret that I am still obliged to notice the persistent attempts (chiefly anonymously) to. disorganise the force by disseminating inflam matory documents amongst the meu. .We have a smart force, and one that keeps crime in check throughout the colony ; and it is most injurious to discipline to see a body of men who, with very few exceptions, I believe are thoroughly loyal and faithful, tampered with so unscrupulously.' The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during tne week which ended on Saturdav, August 17, was : — Births, 119 males and 95 females ; deaths, 30 males and 39 females ; a total of 214 births and 69 deaths, or an excess of 145 births. For the district of Adelaide the figures were : — Births, 22 males and 28 females; deaths, 9 males and 11 females ; a total of 50 births and 20 deaths, or an excess of 30 births. At the Currie-street Public School on Friday, the 15th inst., the teachers and pupils com bined to bid farewell to Mr. Mueller, who is being transferred to Wallaroo Bay. The children gave a musical display, which was opened by Miss Levi plaj-ing a pianoforte selection, after which several glees were rendered. One of the children read a short address testifying to the esteem in which Mr. Mueller was held by both teachers and pupils, and asking him to accept as a slight token a present of a breakfast and dinner service. Mr. Mueller responded and called for three cheers for the new headmaster (Mr. Cherry). At a cost of over £1,200 Mr. John Reid has transformed his letting and livery stables in Waymouth-street into a gigantic bazaar, and it now has quite an imposing appearance. The main building, which is covered with a curved roof, is 200 ft. deep, having been ex tended an additional 100 ft., and it is 90 ft. wide, thus giving ample accommodation for both horses and vehicles. The whole of the floor is asphalted, this work having been done at a cost of £200, and in the stables bricks have been laid down. At one corner of the premises is a large receptacle for manure^ this being built in with stone and thickly cemented, and this, together with a per fect system of drainage, enables the em ployes to keep the establishment thoroughly clean. An extensive harness-room has been erected in a convenient part of the building, where all the harness in use is hung on pegs, which are .branded with the names of the horses by which the harness is worn. Above this is a loft capable of containing 8 or 10 tons of hay, and close\at hand is a chaff and bran, store. From the latter there is a shoot run ning down to the stables, so that the horse feed is carried to the stalls with very little trouble, and it is then distributed by means of tramways. Two large loose-boxes to pro vide accommodation for blood horses, a wait ing-room, and a roomy office have also been added, and above the ground-floor is a very large store for vehicles. Altogether, Mr. Reid has over 200 drags, traps, phaetons, drays, and carts on the premises, and 70 horses and ponies, so that his establishment is well equipped. From Messrs. Georee Robertson & Co. we have re ceived the July number of Chapman's Magazine of fiction, which contains in addition to the conclusion of Mr. S. B. Crockett's fascinating 8toiy, 'Under Cloud of Night,' the continuation of novels by Bret Harte and Violet Hunt, with complete tales by Mrs. Andrew Dean, W. L. Alden, Edith A. Barnet, E. W. Hornung, and Joseph Strange. This serial is well de serving- of public support, for all the fiction included in its 110 pages is of a very excellent character — as, indeed, a glance at the list of authors will prove. We have also received from Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden a copy of the Windsor Magazine for July. The weirdly attractive story of Mr. GuyBoothby, 'A Bid for Fortune,' is continued and the action of the very clever plot is brought back to Australian soil and now lies amid familiar scenes. ' The Grey Lady' is also carried a stage further, and the other features of the publication are such as to strongly commend jt to public favor. The contribution by Mr. Anthony Hope, 'The Fly on the Wheel,' is full of living interest, and generally far more than the value of the money charged for the magazine is re turned to the fortunate purchaser. The Australian publishers of the Review of Renews have sent us a copy of the first volume of the Masterpiece Library, which accompanies an album containing large colored portraits of Lord Macaulay, Sir Walter Scott, Lord Byron, and Mr. J. Russell LowelL The book presents the chief works of the poets named, and it is wonder fully cheap and marvellously well printed at the price charged. There is on exhibition ia London a Sabbath keeping clock, made long ago in Scotland. It stops working from 12 o'clock on Saturday night till 12 on Sunday night and directly the hands stop there appear on the face of the clock the words — 'Remember the Sabbath Day to keep it holy.' 