IJSQLVEI? BY TIME." \- STORY OF THE KUREK STOCKADE. . .C J AlZ CRgh.? E R.es?Bd.] (Comtinumd) PWell, you see. dr. 15,iuotghhy. it -atam this ay. YTou yourng g-ntle?mn are certainly good customers, but some times oran have confoundedly shnort .erne zorie of nohllrs Your cham, 31r Ornmsby, owe s s "3o, and we never ex pest to get a peny of it." " OrUsby will pay up all square. I heardt you had stol,ped supplies, and de teenmuined to try you. However,. all's well t1art ends well, and you will have your %bI paid in the current coin of the realm in less than twenty-four hours. And artw, gentlemen. I should like to have S*O-e particulars of this particularly prmi'nag spec. of yours." Bliut econtres and introductions were the order of the day. While Tom and James were explaining their intentions "- their new chums, Pine noticed a man whd entered the bar and leant dejectedly ver the lower end of the counter. Some xiiig:familiar in the figure struck him. ndhem:waited patiently until the man turned his face towards him. He went down the room and put his hand on the nan's shouder. He turned qui-kly and ?e-ealed the expected features. "Cinmpbell," said Pirine, "-my dear fr- ow,.how are you ?" 'Yon, Pirie You herdr P And the t-o men grasped each others hands. lshat havre you been doing, George, .lt these years - I doubt the world has not I~-en using you too well" Usihg "me well, man ! 1hy, since I c~me to this country I have not once or twice uLna dozen tumes been on theyerge .·fstarration.- Who would have thought in the old Glasgow days,- when we all en joyedl life so thoroughly L-but this is not 21e place to talk ol these things?? "Nor the comtany, by Jove." Pirie ansi eredl. "That is Ta M alcolm over there, amd lpoor Pat's cousin, James MIurdoch. It is no use brioin??ru old memories, to I wo,'t introduce you now. Still, I must go with you an-I have a chat" " You are right, Jim. Youhad better go ad make some excuse to them." Piie went back to his friends and told t~esh he would see them again in a couple hehors- Mien, asa general rule, are not i'-essed or cursed with much of that nasty commodity called curiosity; that is, iii t-e earlier periods of life. After the grand c'&iacteric; is passed they begin to dadnge in prying and poking their noses into oth-r people's business and get suh s-.1 for their pains; but whilst a man is in the thirties be lets other folk have a Istle sav in their own concerns. Macolm only said to Pirie when Ihe toldthat he had to leave him for a time: "All right, old man. We have plenty -tt discwnss with Mr. Willoughby here, and •-e whisky, as the pater says, is no' that CHAPTER IYiIL Pire went out with Campbell ani. 'alked. down the unformed street until they ecme to a small weatherboard cottage of trwo rooma. "I bang out hem," said Campbell L'they charge me a poundl a week for th. aecommodaion, and it's poor enough. Faother fellow and I have taken it be between us." They entered Campell's little room, and Plrie was accommodated with the only chair it boasted, and the seat had evidently aeen better times, one leg being conspicu o-a byhr its absence, and Its place supp:ie.t 1y a fortuitous stave of a btarrel Camlp lE !l threw himself on a truckle bed which aenpled one side ot the room. 'tLNow," said ?ine, "you must let me rave the story of what you hat-r been * olf. You need hot make -it too long, \- at tell me enough to let us see how the 3a,,! lies, and guess what is best to be. dooe." " Well, I have met you in the nick of tihme, for I am sure I can reckon on our old friendship, and you have no idea how oseh. I need a helping hand. I have just I-een trying hor much and how far a mal can endure without giving in and making Shole in the Yarra. I have been on the ]?o~it of doing it half a dozen times, but *rave not done it yet, as you can see.? "I amZ entirely of Horace's opinion that the satisfied guest has a right to leave the table. But hope is always at the bottom ofthe box, somehow or othe, and many ofsna live on it." - -- -. "I don't know that the story will in tereit you anything iike so much as the experience might leai me to expipct. V e are woefully selfish in th-se things, andl aecondl-hand exl;·erenlce i iot often op preciated at its highest 'value. At aiv iate, after that horrid afair in Glasgow Son never doubted my in' ocence, and you cannot understand how precious your c?nidence was to me-I had not the ghost of a show of doing anything in Scot land. I went sooth to Yorkshire, and by Sbit of good luck found a billet as a chenm st in a rvillage between Dewsbury and PtTd&isfi8l; -" The Ydr.hlFeatihih'dre the vary best men Ihave met in my rambles though the world. ThdrB is-a sturdy mianliness about themn that reminds one .f my own countryTfolk, but there is hardly * grain of that sentimental hypocrisy which anakea a Suandy naueatin;g. I lived in Yo-kshire for about a year, and would afs~tetnibre yet but for a bit of most willainousbad luck. One day I was t3Ik Ing a holidqy for a fornight.--I met a man 4 knew on the railwij station, and by an zngl?ky coincidece he-wes also taking a holiday. I wanted him to come with me to (amberland, and he tried to persuade tgo to Irelind. You remember how wc tased to decide these matters in the old days with thietossing of a penny. Well, sa tossed uo-, and tha: internal pFenny has been arsed a millior times since. The hack'wis against rib, and. e brntto Ire land. I need not go L"to all the particu -ar? 1'met a girl there, and ultimately 3 was married to he-. She was not half -ad herselft Of course she was pretty, bt there everything ended. She was badly educated.- knev absolutely not:hing, .nd had not the ability to recognse her aww defects and remedy therm. "Well, ue were married, and I brought -ay wife back amongst my .Yorkshire fripids. 'The boss of the sthp ' d entire cfifndene in me. andI was preparing to settle dt"knih tEed h'imdrtunof married -life;when Fanny'sfather died. There re onlfy two daughtrs, my wfie, and an \- ?idda siter,!B~iigei; and ehen-the father died,ourse. d Bridgethad to come and r~aide with us. I give you my word of aonor, Pirie, that I intended always andil -re?er to treat that woman as a sister, but *he was a crabbed, sour old maid, and teverything I did was misconstrued with i?aernamaligrity until my life was made a" actual burden to me. I went to swiaky fr 'eonsolation,-and with thesame zams an whisky will always harve." iy.r .teay O-k mie why I dild not ti the .umllan out of the Ihouse as soon seA saw toe mischief brewmgn If lIhad to go over the wi ole thing again, this is certainly what I soulld do, but naturally I am an easyv-going fellow-with the characteristic eft-lhandedness of the world, the ease has hesnalwavaleft out- and I was always preaching to myself the doctrines that 'Suorliejet to the day is the rvil thereof.' At any rate, things qoickly cams to a cli mas. The boss gave my me walking ticket. I-don't know how it was her sister hli had gaiied such ascendancy over my vwifa's millt. Certainly the younger sister was very much of a fool, but there was as mnlch venoml inl tile older as wroull have comfrtably lonet duty for half-a-dIozen she cats, andl I had it laid on both first and second hand. But there was nothing to be lone but to leave as I had already left Scotland--and where to aim for was the question. I had only a few pounds which I had saved up, hut, as luck would have it, just at this time, an aunt of min died, and as she'died intestate, the small estate had to be divided amongst the next of kin, thoulgh the old lady would bare, a week before, bought me with every satis iaetiou a shillings worth of rope to hang myself. At the satme time I received a letter from Warbu:rton--yanou remember him at -St. fungo's- as~king,,me if I should like to have a run out to Australia in the capacity of surgeon's mate in a large res sel that his father's firm was fitting out. This-was the chance I wanted, but wh-n I hinted the thing at home you- would hlave thooght I was another Bluebeard, aiming at the life of an estirmale spouse. Bridget had some money of her own, and when I anntounced my deterrmination finially that go I would, she cappedl the announcement that she also would mnake Australiaher future home, and come out by the s~ame vesseL I was bound to the wheel, and had to submit." "To make a long story short, we all camdout here, and, if anything, matters became worse. You will fid--still you may not, as I have heard you have plenty of the needful-at any rate, men without money will find that in the colonies they must turn their hands to the first thing that offers itself.- Itis altogether a hap hazard, unsatisfactory kind of business. You are sure o" nothing, arid as most of your neighbors are in the same predica ment, there is no stabilety. Money to-day, and an empty purse to-morrow. There were few things I did nottry, fromschool mastering to boot-blackingA No one should try a colony until he has enough money to keep him during his probation He may use it or abuse it, certainly; but min any case, it is the only chance given School- mastering is not a paying game because every Tom, Dick, and Harry has a shy at it, and you are never sure of your friends. I could tell you oa nice tale ,f how completely taken in I was up tihe country, but it was only an episode, and has little to do with my tale. " At last 1 got a hundred pounds or so together, made up of the remains from my aunt's windfall and hard-earned m, ney, and had a good opening in leasing a small newspaper in a first-class agricul tural district. As I told you before, I am an easy goin fellow naturally, and thought to have everything square be hind me. But itgot into the wise noddles of my two household lairies that my wife had reason to be jealous of me. Now, I give you my hoior, Perrie, that Joseph was not more innocent in this direction than I was. But innocence has nothing to do with this. It is all past and gone now, aed I am still wondering on what basis thettwo women could have built up such a charge. I certainly never gave the smallest excuse. As I told you, I did in dulge too much in grog, but that was .the sum total of my sins. At any rate, to quiet matters I made a bi mistake. [When I was leaving for Wifiwyan'i I tried my level best to -bring my wife to some sort of common sense, and I thought I had succeeded i hiad alongconversea tion with her, and told her that there might be a chance of a better future in an other sphere. She had not much mind of her own, and always chimed in with the last person that spoke to her. I think it was to show my confidence in her that I left her ablank cheque, signed, so that-ahe could draw whatever money she might re quire until she heard from me, and I went off in better spirits than I ad- beesn for many a day. - - - "The little journal I was leasmg was a really promising concern, and has since turned out a capital property,, with a. good jobbing business attached.. It was a - risk for me to take it with th6 smal:capi tal I had at disposal, but I hoped with economy to keep the pot boiling until some returns came in. The journey to Winyana took a .eekt;.and after I reacheil the place I was buisily engaged for three or four days in going over the business with thb proprietouf I knew somhthing of the work, and felt ,that I was m for a :good thing? " When I reached Winyanea I had drawn a cheque on the Melbourne bank, so as to have .cash at? ?andl, sod wtien a'! was rettled ,betweef "Williamij-that was the ?ljpriefor's name-aid nmyself I gas e him a cheque for the first quarter's reli on the local bank, telling him that my money was on the way from Melbourne. The next few days were full of worry, be cause I could do nothing until the cash had reached W'inyana. I was revularly besieging the bank, but could hear no thing. 'At- last bhe day-a letter: came feom the Melbourne branch, informing me that all the money- had been withdnrw, from the bank the very day before the manager had received my letter. "I was in a fr, with a vengeance. I had not money even for my hotel bilL 1 had. taken a nic? littles hbiuse, and paid a mn'orith's ~tnt in- adcvsnic, nd the edttias here and ithere had. tagken all the moner out of my pociket I' wFis Iiterally without a shilling at the moment I received thy letter,and didenot kuow.where to gotoue.. "Curse it," continued Campbell, rising up and clenching his fists. "Curs3 it. The manthat trust~ :ai&ht; t a :'ism~b, deserves all I had to go throni"hff ey. e-acurs4e,:and nothing else nut a curse tq they.wbrld. If I had my life to g" triigh'again l Well, it is norsc-cryirg oteruill?~d mil. How I got back to 'eibrourne I can hardly tell. Igot a so vereign: ffor. the hoteJ-k e , who ea-s rather a decent fellow, and that kept me for a while in tucker and beer. Ugh I that awful tramep." o. . . " Well," continued George, :"'I r lch'e Melbourne si' ast, we-ry i~id sickE . 1 fliind eny d if nd her'ilaring 'hiktec en-. joymg lifr to the.vryhdight of ther bent It was pleasant; and yet I said nothing \- . ...- 2D 34 (Tu dr sgertuea)l .. 