SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY I Bv SETPP BORLASK, Author of "For True Love's Sake,""Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death,'" 'Aa Ocean Secret,* "Recalled to Life,"" 1 "Riahes to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron I. " The Police Minister," lie. CHAPTER LXTV. THE OLD HCHBE IN G HOST-LANE, THE ABYSS* AND THE SDBTSRKAHTEAFR CTMPBT.. There were times when Haloamus Greenwood was not altogether brutal; thus on the' present oooaaon he repaired to the old house in Ghost-lane (or Goose- lane) only and aolely in order to give Lady Howartb comfort by the assurance that her captivity would ia all probability be not even so long as he had told her that it might continue at their last parting, together with the amount of reward that Sir Harry had offered for her reoorery and restoration and tbe annexed conditions that would render it in all probability a' safe and easy matter to bring about. Ruthwse surprised when the "door of her" prison - ohanber was suddenly opened and Haloamus appeared on the thrasnhold; bub" she was glad to see even him, «o appressive and altogether fearful had the solitude and the silence of the old haunted Nunnery-become to her. Aye, and she would have been almost thankful to have seen him had he even grasped a whip in his hand with the eridenb intention of chastising her therewith. He, however, had brought her kindness ia its place. " Lady Howarth,"heoomuenoed by sayiiy, " Tour husband has offered a thousand pounds for your restoration, and furthermore guarantees no harm to the restorer, wherefore, mi soon as ever I have oonvinoed myself that he ia in earnest on the latter point, back you go to him, and into my pouoh goes the thousand pounds. I thought that it would please yon to know all this, and chat is why I nave come to tell it to you. Bnt having said my say I will be off again, for I oan assure you, madam, that a glass of Hollands, a pipe, and a rattUur chorus at the Old Paokhorse, or the Hark-upto-Glory, have greater fascinations for me now than even your, I've no doubt, charming and delectable society." He had meant to have delivered the o0n< eluding portion of this speech in a tods ot, careless indifference, but he did it with bnterness instead, for though he had treated Ruth like a doff whilst she was his wife (or, at ill events, whilst she esteemed herself to be suoh), he, nevertheless, dog-in-the manger fashion, inwardly ifesented the speed with whioh she had united herself to another, even though he very well knew that she bad done it for no other reaoona than thereby to conoeal her identity and eo preserve her life. Perhapci Lady Howarth guessed, to a certain extent, what was pasting in his mind, foe ahe hastened both to thank mm for the consolation he bad brought her, and to beg him "not to linger there a single noiMDt on bee account, us the books be had provided her with were very interesting, and would now, in all probability, more than last oat the briet term of htir imprisonment." So thernupon Haloamus bowed once mora, biting his lips with renewed vexation the while, and then turned to go; bnt hardly Was hiB hand on the handle of the door when sounds ranched him from below which caused him to spcing back in alarm, and to ejaculate fiercely, "Tracked, by heaven! 0 as he has* tily looked the room door on the made. " Be 8ili»nt, on your life," he then said in • harsh whisper, and with aa entire ohange o) manner, as he turned a soowiingand threatening glanoo upon poor Bath, at the same time drawing a loaded pistol out of his pocket. " If they have made tip their ihinds to repossess yon gratis and for nothing, they'shall only have you as a corpse," hB added r with even an inorease of ferooity. " And if yon attempt to communicate with them in order to obtain their suooour 1 shall make yon one all the quicker." Having thus secured her silence through terror, Haloamus listened ones more, and in half a minute or so he felt thoroughly assured that two, if not three, people had entered the old house through the door whioh he had oareleBBly left unfastened, and were now walking about in the downstairs rooms and passages. Naturally, he did not for a moment doubt but that suspicion had alighted upon himself as the author of Lady Howarth's abduction from tbe grounds of Clegg Hall, that be had consequently been sccretly watohed and followed from the time of his entering Roobdale to the present moment, and that it was the officers of the law, Jed on very probably by Sir Harry Howarth in person, who had now so nearly run him to earth and discovered his precious secret as well. Fortunately, aooording to his view of the case, he had contemplated the possibility of such a catastrophe, and had taken steps to prevent it being successful. He had been able to do this because he knew more of the secrets of the haunted Nunnery than did most folk*. He had explored the old mansion, and unravelled every mystery oonneoted therewith, at the imminent hazard of his life, too, some three and a half yean previously, when he had contemplated the practicability of making a fortune by starting in business as a ooiner, instead of by marrying an heiress, and he had done it beoause ooiner* oould only oonduot their nefarious manufacture in the most secret and undiscoverable or most shunned places. Turning^ sharp round on Lady Howarth, he now said to her in a threatening whisper, " Stuff as muoh food into your pockets as you can, but make no sound as you value your existenoe. All will yet be well if you obey me quiokly and implicitly; but, if you don't, matters will be very ill indeed with you." Whilst he was thus seeking to encourage and to frighten her at the same time, he was also filling his own pockets with provisions, candles, and other things out of thecupboard. Ruth tremblingly followed his example, and, half a minute later, he pushed her gently en in front of him towards the door of the room whioh, when he had first brought her to the old house, he had told her guarded the entrance to the subterranean ohamber whioh the murdered nuns had been thrown into by the Royal Commissioners, and this he opened by leaning over her, almost enolosing her in his arms the while, as though thereby to prevent all possibility of her doubling upon him and giving him the slip. Pushing her into this inner chamber directly the intervening door was opened wide enough, he slipped in after her,* ana hastily yet carefully seoured it in their rear; when, by the light of the candle whioh he carried in his hand, Ruth perceived that they stood withia' an apartment that was not muoh larger than a box room, or a capacious old-fashioned store closet, and that had upon one side m yawning fissure, like the entrance to a cavern or a mine, up which came a raw, damp, and foul-smelling air. At sight of the eerie-looking hole Roth guessed in an instant that it waa the one about which she had beard suoh a horrible tale, and the terrible apprehension immediately seised hold of her that Haloamus Greenwood wari about to murder her there, and throw hef down in the same manner as the poor nurts had been treated, and m her dire terror s'ae would have shrieked aloud, had he not p>*rceived her intention, and to prevent its fulfilment pressed a hand over her month, at the same time whispering in her ear:— (To be continued.) 