KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF '' PAULINE LISLE.''] PART II. CHAPTER XXVI. (continued.) ''Was she ? In your eyes, of course, Lady Cecil can do no evil. But what if I told you she had done me the deepest, the deadliest wrong of all.'' He looked at her in surprise. " I don't understand,'' he said, a little coldly. ''I believe Lady Cecil to be incapable of wilfully wronging any one. And she always spoke gently of you." She leaned her forehead on her hands, and pushed back her hair with a long, tired sigh. " What a mockery, what a satire it all is— -the world and the people in it ! We are all sinners, but I wonder what I have done that my life should be so accursed ! Redmond O'Donnell, this morning I felt almost happy—a fierce triumphal sort of happi- ness. I had fought a long, bitter battle, but the victory was with me at last. Now if I could lie down here and die I should ask no greater boon. My life has been from first to last a dreary, miser- able failure. Oh, God ! I want to do right. My life has been bitter, bitter, bitter, and I feel as though I were steeped in crime to the lips. If I could only die and end it all ! But death passes the guilty and miserable by, and takes the happy and the good.'' Her folded arms were lying on the table, her head fell forward on them as though the never cared to lift it again. From first to last she had been a creature of impulse, swayed by a passionate, undisciplined heart — a ship adrift on a dark sea, rudder or compass. ''There have been days in my life — in the years that are gone — ay, in the weeks that I have spent yonder at Scarswood — when I have held the lauda num in my hand, to my lips, that would have ended it all. But I did not dare to die— such wretches as I don't. It was not death I feared — but what comes after ! Captain O'Donnell,'' she lifted her haggard eyes and looked at him, and to the last day of his life the hopeless despair of that face — the hopeless pathos of that voice — haunted him, ''what must you think of me ? What a lost, degraded creature I must be in your sight !'' He took both her hands in his, a compassion such as he had never felt for any human being before stirring his heart. ''What am I that I should judge? And if I thought so, would I ask you to be the companion, the sister of my sister ? There is nothing but pity for you in my heart — nothing. Give up this dark and dangerous life, and once more be true to your self — to the noble nature Heaven has given you.'' She rose up — her hand still in his — a sort of inspiration shining in her face. ''I will !'' she answered. 'You, whom I thought my enemy, shall save me. I renounce it--the plotting, the evil — the revenge. And for your sake — for the love you bear her, I will spare her.'' He looked at her in mute inquiry. She smiled, drew away her hands, and resumed her seat. ''You do not understand. See here, Captain O'Donnell ! I told you, did I not, my second object in returning to England was to discover my parentage ? Well, I have discovered it.'' ''You have !'' he cried, breathlessly. ''I have discovered it. My father- lives, and the daughter of my nurse occupies my place in his heart, the name I should bear. It is a very old story — changed at nurse — and nurse has confessed all.'' ''You have done this. Then I congratulate you indeed. You will go to your father at once, of course ! No one, believe me, can rejoice at this more sincerely tban I.' ''You mistake. I will never go. This morning I had intended --but that is all past now. If I renounce my revenge and wrong-doing in one way, I renounce it in all. I never understood half measures." ''But there, is wrong-doing here. It is right— it is your duty to go.'' ''Captain O'Donnell, don't you see another is in my place ? My going would bring shame, and dis- grace, and misery upon her. My father is a very proud man. Would it add to his pride or happiness to acknowledge such a daughter as I ?'' ''All that has nothing to do with it,'' the chasseur answered, with his stubborn sense of right and wrong. ''Your duty is to go to your father and tell him the truth, at any cost to his pride or yours. She smiled. ''I wonder if this would be your advice if-- if, for example only— my father were the Earl of Ruysland. (I name him, you understand, as the first I think of). Suppose I went to him and said : ''My lord, I, Katherine Dangerfield— Helen Herncastle— Gaston Dantree— any alias you please— am your daughter; she whom you call Lady Cecil Clive is but the daughter of your former servant, my nurse. She hated your dead wife, my mother, and when you came to claim your child she gave you hers. Sup- pose I said this— suppose I could prove it— what then? Would the earl clasp me to his bosom in a rush of parental love ? Would Lady Cecil get down from her pedestal of birth and rank and let me mount? Think of the earl's shame and pain—her suffering— Sir Arthur Tregennas humiliation; think how much happiness I, the usurper, enjoy. Bring the case home, and tell me still, if you can —to go.'' ''I tell you still to go. Right is right. Though the Earl of Ruysland were your father, though Lady Cecil had usurped your place, I should still say, go— tell the truth, be the cost what it may.'' ''You, who love Lady Cecil, give me this advice ? Captain O'Donnell, you don't love her.'' ''I love her so well that I leave her ; I love her so well that if the thing you speak of were possible, I would be the first to go and tell her. Once again —in the face of all that may follow — I repeat, go ! Tell the truth, take the place and name that are yours, and let me help you if I can.'' But still she sat, keeping that strange, wistful, searching gaze on his face. ''You love her so well that you leave her,'' she repeated, dreamily : ''you leave her because she is an earl's daughter, and you think above you. If you knew her to be poor — poor, and low born —'' ''I would still leave her. It would make no differ- ence. Poor or rich, gentle or simple, who am I that I should marry ? My soldier life in camp and desert does well enough for me. How would I do, think you, for a husband to one brought up as Lady Cecil Clive has been ? I can rough it well enough — the life suits me ; but I shall never care to see my wife rough it also. Let us pass all that — I don't care to talk of myself. Lady Cecil Clive is not for me — any more than one of her majesty's daughters. Let us speak only of you.'' She rose up with a strange, unfathomable smile, crossed the room without a word, lighted a candle, and placed it on the table before him. He watched her in silent surprise. She drew from her pocket a folded paper, and handed it to him. ''You have done greater service than you dream of in coming here,'' she said. "Do one last favour, I want this paper destroyed. I have a whimsical fancy to see you do it. Hold it to the candle and let it burn.'' He took it doubtedly. He read the superscription-- ' Confession of Harriet Harman,' and hesitated. '' I don't know — why should I ? What is this ?'' this ?' 'Nothing that concerns any one on earth but myself. You will be doing a good deed, I believe, in destroying it. Let me see you burn it. I can do it of course ; but, as I said, I have a fancy that yours should be the hand to destroy it. Burn it, Captain O'Donnell. Still wondering — still doubting — he obeyed. Held the paper in the flame of the candle until it dropped in a charred cloud on the table. Then she held out her hand to him with a brave, bright smile. ''Once more I thank you. You have done me a great service. You have saved me from myself. When do you and your sister leave ?'' ''To-day ; but if I can aid you in any way — if I can take you to your father ? '' ''You are ready to do it I know ; but I have not quite made-up my mind about that yet. It is not a thing to be done in a hurry. Give me a few hours, Come back if you will before you depart, and if you have any influence with the Earl of Ruysland, don't let him send that search-warrant to-day. Let us say good-bye, and part for the present. He stood and looked at her doubtfully. He felt vaguely that never had he been farther from under standing her than at this moment. ''I will come'' he said, '' and I hope— I trust by that time you will have made up your mind to return to your father, and — if Rose wishes it — may I bring her to see him?'' ''Certainly— he will not know her— poor fellow. He knows nobody. Farewell, Redmond O'Donnell — my friend.'' There was a lingering tenderness in her voice, in her eyes, that might have told him her secret. But men are totally blind sometimes. He saw nothing. He grasped her hand. ''Not farewell,'' he said :'' au revoir.'' She went with him to the door. She watched him with wistful eyes out of sight. ''Farewell,'' she said, softly ; ''farewell forever. If Henry Otis had been to me, six years ago, what you are, I had been saved.' CHAPTER XXVII. THAT NIGHT. Three hours later, and Redmond and Rose O'Donnell bad quitted Scarswood Park forever. The last farewell had been said— to Lady Danger- ffield, weeping feebly, not so much at their loss as over the general distress and misery that was falling upon the place, the dread of her own fortune. To Lady Cecil, cold, and white, and still, giving her parting kiss to the sister— her parting hand clasp and look to the brother. ''Farewell forever, my love ? my love — who loved me once,'' that long, wiftful, hopeless glance said. To Lord Ruysland, politely affable and full of regrets to the last. ''Confound Mrs. Eveleigh and her masquerade ball, and doubly, trebly confound Miss Herncastle for persuading Ginevra to go. The only consolation is, we'll have her on the hip before night falls.'' ''And even that consolation I must ask your lord ship to forego,''O'Donnell said, with a half-smile. "I have been to see Miss Herncastle. And there is no need of that search-warrant, my lord. I believe you are at liberty to enter and go through Bracken Hollow as freely as you please— if you only wait until to-morrow.'' ''My good fellow, do you know what you are say ing ? Wait ! with such an arch-traitress as that ! Wait ! give her time to make her escape and carry off her victim— her prisoner, whoever it may be, and start life luxuriantly in London or Paris, under a new alias, and with poor Sir Peter's money. My dear O'Donnell, you're a sensible fellow enough in the main, but don't you think this last suggestion of yours betrays slight symptoms of softening of the brain ?'' ''My lord — no. You eee, I know Miss Herncastle's story and you don't — that makes the difference.'' '' Gad !'' his lordship responded, '' I am not sure that I care to know any more than I do. If her previous history be in keeping with its sequel here, it must be an edifying autobiography. Is her name Herncastle, or what ?'' ''Her name is not Herncastle. I do not know what it is ! I believe she does not know herself. My lord, she is greatly to be pitied ; she has gone wrong, but circumstances have driven her wrong. The bitter cynic who defines virtue as only the absence of temptation was right, as cynics very generally are. In her place I believe I would have done as she has done — ay, worse. Life has dealt hardly with her — hardly — hardly. I tell you so; and to lean too greatly to the side of pity for the erring is not my weakness. Gaston Dantree is the ghost and prisoner of Bracken Hollow. She has confessed; but I believe he is well and kindly treated ; and if, instead of caring for him there, she had left him to die like a dog in a ditch, she would only have given him his deserts. She has taken (fairly or unfairly, as you will — I don't know) a large sum of money from Sir Peter Dangerfield ! but I say there, too, she has served him right. In her place I would have taken every farthing if I could. She has done wrong in the matter of the ball ; but, even then, treated as Lady Dangerfield daily treated her, I don't say I would not have done the same. From first to last I maintain Miss Herncastle has been more sinned against than sinning, and so your lordship would acknowledge if you knew all.'' His eyes were flashing, his dark face flushed with an earnestness that rarely broke through the indolent calm of long habit and training. His lordship stood and stared at him aghast. ''Good Heaven !'' he said, 'what rhodomontade is this ? Is the woman a witch ? and have you fallen under her spells at last? And 'I would acknow- ledge all this if I knew all.'' Then my dear fellow, in the name of common sense, tell me all, for I'll be hanged if I can make head or tail of this. Who, in Heaven's name, is this greatly-wronged, much-to-be-pitied Miss Herncastle ?'' ''Perhaps I ought to tell you— and yet it is such' a marvellous story ? '' ''Egad ! I know that beforehand ; everything connected with this extraordinary young woman is marvellous. Whatever it be, it cannot be much more marvellous than what has gone before.'' ''My lord,'' O'Donnell said, hastily, ''I see my sister waiting, and I have no time to spare. Here is a proposal : don't go near Bracken Hollow until tomorrow, until you have heard from me. Before I leave Castleford will find time to write you the whole thing; I really don't care to tell it, and when you have read her story, I believe I only do you justice in saying you will let Miss Herncastle alone. I have reason to think she will leave Castleford today, with my sister and me— that she will share Rose's asylum in France, and that all her evil doings are at an end. Tonight you shall have my letter--tomorrow do as you please. Once more, my lord, farewell.'' He lifted his hat and sprang down the steps to where Rose sat in the basket-carriage awaiting him. Once he glanced back — he half-smiled to see his lordship standing petrified where he had left him. He glanced up at a particular window. A face, that dead and in its coffin would never look whiter, watched him there. He waved his hand — the ponies flung up their heads and dashed down the avenue ; in a moment Scarswood lay behind them like a place in a dream. There was not one word spoken all the way. Once Rose, about to speak, had glanced at her brother's face, and the words died on her lips. Did he love Lady Cecil after all — had he loved her vainly for years ? They went to the Silver Rose. Miss O'Donnell had her former room, and there, wrenching himself from the bitterness and pain of his own loss, he told her the story of Gaston Dantree. '' If you would like to see him, now is your time,'' he said. ''I am going to Bracken Hollow. You can come if you like.'' She listened in pale amaze, shrinking and trembling as she heard. An idiot for life ! At the horror of that fate all her wrongs paled into insignificance-- what awful retribution was here ? She rose up ashen grey with pity and horror, but tearless and quiet. "I will go," she answered. (To be continued.) uphold the privileged classes who refuse people the right of providing sufficient for themselves except on their arbitrary conditions, against which I know of no legal appeal. — Yours, etc., OBSERVER. ] 