CHAPTER XXVI. " I GO TO PROVE MY SOUL. Alias lost no time in making his prepara tions. He ordered everything that Mr. Patrington told him to order, and in all things followed the advioe of that experienced traveller, who consented to spend his laBt fortnight in England at I5eeohhur.it, where his appearance excited considerable interest in the looal mind. He allowed Allan to mount him, and went out with the South Sarum; and as he neither dressed, rode, nor looked like anybody else, he was the object of some curiosity among those outsiders who did not know bim as the famous African hunter, a tnan who had made himself a name oasually while following the bent of his own fancy and caring nothing what his oouatrymen at home thought about him. Lady Emily wbb her eon's guest during the last week, anxious tube with him till hesailed, to postpone the parting till the final day. She was full of sorrow at the idea of a separation, which was to last for ah least two years, and might extend to double that time if the climate and manner of life in Central Africa suited him. Stanley had taken nearly a vear tmd a half going and returning between Zan zibar and Ujiji, and Stanley had bsen a much quicker traveller than previous explorers. And Mr. Patrington talked of Ujiji as a start ing-point for journeys to the north, and 'o the west, rambling explorations over less familiar regions, and anon a leisurely journey down to Hyassaland, the African Arcadia. His plans, if oarried out, would occupy five or six years. That sturdy traveller laughed at the mother's apprehensions. "My dear Lady Emily, you are under a delusion as to the remoteness of the great lakeoountry. Shoulrlyour son grow home aick, something less than a three months' Journey will bung him from the Tanganyika to. the Thames Sixty years ago it took longer to travel from Bombay to London than it does now to oome from the heart of Africa."^ The mother sighed and looked mournfully atheraon. Ha wM&hhappy;, Mid travel and ■ ad ventura wouldperhaps afford the: beet sure ] for hie low spirits. She disotUsad the aitua-: tion with Mrs. Mornington when that lady called upon her. "Your meoe has anted very cruelly," she said. "My nieoehas acted like a fool. She baa made two young men unhappy, and ha* left herself nut in the cold. I aaw Geoffrey Wor nobk last week, and he was looking a perfect wreak." "Do you think she oared for him 1" " The girl muet oare for somebody. Look- - ing back now, I can aee that there was a obange in her—a gradual change—after Geoffrey Wornook'e return. It was very un fortunate. Either young man would have been a capital match," added Mrs. Morning ton, waxing praotioaij "but she oould not marry them both 1" Lady Emily felt angry with Geoffrey as the oause of unhappiness, the indireot causa of the coming separation between herself and her eon. How happy efae might have been had all cone smoothly. Allan would have settled at Beeohhurst with his young wife; but they would hove spent nearly half of every year in Suffolk. How happy her own Ufa might have been with the son she loved, and the girl whom she was ready to take to her heart as a daughter, but for this wilful cruelty on the part of Suzette. Lady Emily was sitting in the Mandarin room with her son and his friend late in the evening, their last evening but one in England. To-morrow they were all going to London together, and on the day after the travellers would embark on the P. & O. steamer for Zanzibar. The night was wet and windy, and a large wood fire burnt on the ample hearth. Lady Emily bad her embroidered coverlet spread over her lap and her worktable drawn conve niently near her elbow, in the light of a shaded lamp, while the two men eat in front of the fire. The room looked tho picture of comfort, the men companionable, content, and homely, and the mother's heart sank at the thought that years must pass before suoh an j evening could repeat itself, and before her poor Allan would be sitting in so comfortable a chair. It was not without regret that her son had oontemplated the idea of their sepa ration, or of his mother's solitary home when j he should be gone. He had talked with her of the coming years, suggested the nieoes or girl-friends whom she might invite to enliven the slumberous house and to enjoy the beauty of those fertile gardens and level park like meadows that etrstohed to the edge of the river. "You have troop3 of-friends, mother, and you will hnvo plenty of occupation with your farm, and sovereign power over the whole estate. Drake"—the bailiff—" will have to consult you about everything." "Yes, there will be muoh to be looked at and thought about; bnt I ehallmies you every hour of my life, Allan." "Not as muoh as if I had been living at home." " Every bit as muob. 1 was quite happy thinking of you here. Howoan I be happy when I picture you toiling alone in the desert under a broiling sun—no water—even tbe camels dropping and dying under their burdens." "Dear mother, be hsppy as to the oamcls. j We shall not be in the oauiel country. We shall see vory little of sandy dtserts. Shadowy wood, fertile valleys, the margins of great lakes will be our portion." " And you will drink the water—wbioh is euro to be unwholesome—and you will get fever." Allan did not tell his mother that fever was inevitable, a pbaso of Afrioan life whioh every traveller must reckon with. He represented Aftio&n; travel as a perpetual holiday in a land j of infinite beauty. ] " Would Patrington go back there if it were j not a delightful lite?" he argued. "He lias not to get his living there, as the poor fellows have who grill and bake themselves (or half a lifetime in India. He goes beoausehe loves tbe life." "Ho goes to shoot big game. Ho is a horrid, bloodthirsty oreature." liittie by little, however, Lady Emily had allowed herself to be persuaded that Central Africa was not so hideous a region as she had supposed. She was told there were bits of j country like Suffolk, a home like Aroadia, on j the shores of Nyassa, which would remind her of her own farm. " Then why nob make that distriob your headquarters?" she argued, appealing to Pa- j tington. j "We shall have no headquarters. We shall wander from one interesting spot to another. We shall settle down only in the Masika season, when travelling is out of the question —not so muoh. because it couldn't be dono as because the blackiea won't do it. They are nncommonly careful of themselves; won't budge in the rains, won't take a nanoe on the lake if there's a bit of a swell on." "Iam glad of that," sighed Lady Emily, with an air of relief. " 1 am very glad that the negroes are prudent and oareful. " "A deuoeddeal too prudent, my dear Lady Emily." The men were sitting at a table looking at a map, one of Patrington'e own rough maps, scrawled and splotched with a blunt qnill pen. He was ehowing Allan where more soientiGo mapmakers bad gone wrong. " Here's the Lualaba, you see, and here's the little wood whero we camp—I seldom use a tent if I oan help it, but there wasn't a village within ten milesof that spot." The door was opened and a servant an nounced— " Mr. Wornock." Allan started up as Geoffrey entered. It \ was half-past 10—Matcham bedtime. " You have come to bid us good-by," Allan said, recovering his self-possession as tbey shook hands, " This is very kind and friendly of you." " I have come to do nothing of the kind. I want to join your, party, if you and your friond will have me." He epoke in his lightest tone, but ho was looking worn and ill, and there were all the signs of sleeplessness in his haggard faco. "I know it's the eleventh hour,"he said, " but I heard you say," looking from AlUu to Patrinpton, "that your important prepara tions have to be made at Zanzibar, where you buy most of tho things you want. I—I only made up my mind this evening, after dinner. There is nothing for me to do in England. I get so tired of things" "And your mother?" hazarded Allan, feebly. " My mother is aooustomed to doing with out me. I believe I only worry her when I am at home. Will you take me, Carew? Yes, or no?" " Why, of course it is yes, Mr. Wornock," exclaimed Lady Emily, coming from the other end of the room, where she had been folding up her work for the night. " Allan, why don't you introduce Mr. Wornock to me?" She was radiant, charmed at the idea of a third traveller, and such a traveller aa the Squire of Eiscombe. It eeemed to lessen the peril of the expedition that this other man should vut to go, should ufferbiiMelf thus1 lightly on the eve of departure. She shook hands . with -Geoffrey in the friendliest wey, looking *t the wan, worn face with keen interest. Like Allah? Yes, he wsa like, but not eo good- looking. Bis features were too eharply cat; his hollow cheeks sad sunken eyes made him look ever so much older than Allan, thought the mother. "Of course they will take yon," she said, looking from one to the other. "It will make the expedition ever so muoh pleaesnter for them both. They will feel lest lonely." "I ain't afraid of loneliness," growled Fatiington; "but if Mr. Wornook really wishes to go with us, and will fall into onr plans, and not want to make Alterations] and upset onr route now and again, I'm agree- ■ able. It isn't always easy for three men to get i on smoothly, you see. Kven two don't alwaya j hit it—Burton and Speke, for instanoe. There j were bothera." "You shall be my chief and captain," pro tested Geoffrey, "and if you should tire of me—well, I can always wander off on own hook, you know. I oonld start by myself, now, take my ohaooo and trust to native guides, ohoose another line of oountry where I couldn't molest you" " Molest 1 My dear Wornock, if you are really in earnest, really inolined to join us as a pleasant thing to do, and not a caprice of tho moment, I shall be glad to have you, and I think Patrington will have no objec tion," said Allan, hastily. "Not the slightest. I only want unity of purpose. You don't look in the best possible health," added PatringtOD, bluntly; "but you can rough it, I suppose." "Yes; I'm not at raid of hardships." " I should like to have a few words with you before anything is settled, if you will take a turn on the terraoe,"said Allan, aud on Geoffrey assenting, be went over to the glass door, aud led the way to the gravel walk out side. The rain was over, and the moon was shining out of a ragged mass of cloud. " Why do you leave this place, now, when you are master of the situation J" Allan asked abruptly, when he and Gtooffrey had walked a few paces. " 1 am not master, no more than a beaten hound is master. I have mastered nothing, not even the lukewarm regard whiah she still professes for you. She has thrown you over, but I am not to be the gainer. I went to her direotly I knew she wbb free. I offered my self to h6r, an adoring slave. But she would have none of me. She did nob love you enough to be your wife; but for me she had onlyoontempt, oruel words, mocking laughter, that cut niBlike a bunch of scorpions. I am frank with you, Garew. If I bad a ghost of aohancsl would follow her toSohwalbaob, to tho Kiviera, all round this globe on whiah we crawl and suffer. Distance should not divide us. But I am too muoh of a man to pursue a woman who soorns me. I want to forget her; I mean to forget her; and I think I might have a ohanoe if I went with you and your ahum yonder. I should like to go with you, unless you dislike me too muoh to be happy in my oompany." " Dislike you! No, indeed I do nob." " I'm glad of that. My mother is very fond of you. You have been to her almost a son. It will oomfqrt her to think that we are together, together in danger and diffi culty, and if one of ub should not oome back" "Nonsense, Wornock. Of oourse we are coming back. Look at Fatriugton" "Ah, but be has been a solitary traveller. When two go there is always one who stays." "If you thick that, you bad muoh better Btop at home." "No, no. The risk is the best part of the business to a man of my temper. It's the toss up that I like. Heads, a safe return ; tails, death in the wilderness—death by niggere, wild beasts, flood, or Are. I go with my life in my hand, aB the oatoh phrase of the day has it; aud if there were no hazards, no danger— well, one might as well stay at home, or polo at Simla. Allan, we have been rivals, but not enemies. Shall we be brotbors hence forward '!" " Yes, friends and brotherg, if you will?" They went bank to the Mandarin-room, and when Lady Krnily bad bidden them good night, the three men lit up pipes andoigare, and talked about that wonder- world of tropioal Africa, and what they were to do there, till the night grew late, and the Manor groom, dozing on the settle by the saddle-room fire after a hearty supper of beef and beer, questioned querulously whether his guv'nor meant to go home before daylight. 