ABE ENGLISHMEN SUPERSTI TIOUS OR RELIGIOUS? [By Rev. H. H. S.vell B.A.1 ' Ye men of Athens, in all thinjrs I perceive that ye are somewhat superstitious ' (religious). — Acts xvii., 22 It was a strange, great scene. Here Christianity met heathenism ; truth confronted superstition. Let the two things be imagined together, the (man and the city ; Paul and Athens. Fancy them face to face with one another. Forecast the result of the unequal duel. Here was the apostle of the Christ in the city of heathen art and worship. All around him were statues erected to the memory of distinguished men, or as embodi ments of some great 'quality of human life, or in honor of the gods. Paul knew of a posses eion of the spirit of Christ which gave supreme strength to character : here he saw a statue of Hercules, the gcd of physical force. Paul had felt through all his being the purifying currents of the love of God ; here be saw the voluptuous fijrure of Aphrodite, goddess of *arthly passion. Paul knew of a peace between the forgiven heart and the forgiving God which made songs of gladness and was a spring of holy music in the Boul ; here he saw the statues of Apollo, the patron of a music to which right and wrong were unknown terms. As he stood on Mars' hill he would have in front of him the Parthenon, beautiful temple of virgin Athena, goddess of beauty, wisdom and strength. On the left, there was the Academy, withjgroves of olive trees and retired ^?sralks, -where Plato had taught divine philo jfiophy. On the right, the temple of Mars, and 'immediately -below him tb«_j=anctuary of the Furies. No wonder that in the midst of so. many associations of art, poetry, and re-] ligion, Paul, when he rose to speak to that crowd of laughing, curious Greeks, who were determined to listen to this stranger because they expected amusement and novelty, should find it difficult to begin without acknowledging that their great city impressed him with many signs of- their interest in divine things. Yet he did not admit that he was convinced, by alters and statues and temples, of their true piety, or mistook their eagerness to hear him for any thing else than intellectual curiosity or desire for a new sensation. With oratorical art he began with an equivocal word, which even now scholars are not agreed, in the sober air of their studies, upon the best way to translate. It was not likely, therefore, that the gay crowd which first heard it paused to weigh it and ask them selves what was the exact intention. It was enough for them that there was nothing necessarily ironical in it, and that there was a possible compliment for them selves. In a choice between irony and com pliment they had no hesitation. Paul could not honestly compliment them on their devo tion to religion. But, as he noticed everywhere in the streets and upon the Areopagus and Acropolis representations in statuary and architecture of ideas of the Divine and remem bered the schools of philosophy which nourished then it was noi putting language to any strain to say 'Men of Athens, I see by all these things around me that you belong to those who are more than ordinarily given to the fear of the gods.' Yot that fear might be either good or bad, superstition or devotion. And Paul did not commit himself to anything by saying so much. He did not alienate his audience by deprecia tion nor win them by flattery, while he attributed to them what they would freely acknowledge, an active interest in religion. If some vigorous descendant of the Apostle Paul were to visit England for the first tinie, what would be his judsrmeut upon our relation to religion I He would see statues erected in streets, squares, museums, and town halls, chiefly to gr*at soldiers, but increasingly to men of distinction in the arts of peace. He would find mission rooms, chapels, churches, and cathedrals maintained for the almost daily observance of the worship of Almighty God. He would notice one Book, specially devoted to the education of moral and spiritual life, printed in all types, bound in all forms, lying on all desks and pulpits, discussed in news papers, expounded in sermons, read in families, the theme of ?writers, teachers, and preachers, raised above other book in fre quency of quotation and variety of use, and called the Holy Bible. Yet would he think us superstitious or religious? Would he_ take refuge in some dubious word, not ?wishing to offend — 'this people is more than ordinarily given to the fear of God ?' Are we superstitious or religious? I desire to ask this question and to answer it. Bu\ first, let us clearly see the distinction between superstition and religion. They both proceed from the same ancestor, the fear of God, but by different alliances. Fear, allied with thoughtfulness, ^evelops through awe and reverence and enquiry into knowledge and love, and becomes religion. Fear, allied with thoughtlessness, develops through sloth and cowardice into ignorance asid propitiatory ritual, and becomes superstition. Religion eliminates tijiiidity from fear and turns it into reverence. Superstition eliminates enquiry, and becomes ignorance. Fear is a good ancestor to religion, but a bad descendant. ' Love casts out fear because fear hath torment.' But love springs from knowledge, and superstition blocks up the avenues to knowledge by eschewing the labors of enquiry. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, but the end of folly. Superstition is fear which remains fear, and never succeeds in knowing God. Religion is fear which finds truth, becomes love, keeps the law, and enjoys the perfect freedom which is the service of God. Now, is England superstitious or religions? Have we developed the fear of God which is instinctive to huniiinity into superstition or religion? And in what direction are we tending — towards more knowledge or more indifference; towards love and reverence, or propitiatory ritual and folly? It is a critical enquiry. The country which cannot emerge therefrom with satisfaction and honor is as certainly doomed to destruction as was ancient Babylon or ancient Rome. No Act of Parliament, land nationalisation scheme, or socialistic programme can stay the doom. Let us pursue the enquiry concerning three things — worship, the Bible, and science. 'Worship. — Are there more signs of super stition or of religion? There are many churches, services, preachers, creeds. Not all the churches are full, not all the services reverent, not all the preachers capable, not all the creeds in conformity with common sense. It is said that whole classes of people are alienated from the churches. I do not believe that charge true of auy class, but the habit of public worship is not growing more general. -It is said that services are not adapted to the times. .They are, it is stated, too solemn, or too learned, or too long. It should not be a grave accusation against the worship of Almighty God that it is too solemn. Neither should the churches bo easily moved from their convictions by people who prefer levity to solemnity. It is, un fortunately, too true that many are kept away from worship by the 'facts that the emotions which it is likely to stir are too remote from the excitements of the theatre. That is not to the disad vantage of worship. It is not improbable that brains whose power of concentrated thought has been almost destroyed, or reduced to the most insignificant dimensions by the frivolous and iuano eifusions of their favorite periodicals, should find discourses about God, Duty, Redemption, too learned and dull for anything. That is scarcely to the discredit of those discourses. Some ministers and churches are making frantic efforts to adapt their worship to the craze for entertainment, but alterations dictated by the desire for pleasure rather than for good ness are not in the interests of religion. Has ever the Church faced a condition of society which was eager to hear the gospel of recon ciliation to God through Jesus Christ, and when people were anxious to conform their lives to its laws? The present age differs from none of its predecessors in its anxiety to find substitutes for the self denial and self-devotion which Christianity requires. The fear of God cannot be eradi cated from the heart of the people. If it does not develop through thoujrhtfulness and reverence and love into relicion. theu it ivill fall into superstitutioii. And any dis cerning man will see in the indifference which ' abstains from worship, in the un wholesome pursuit of pleasure, which in the interests of religion ostensibly, is trying to subdue the churches to itself* and in' the selfish absorption in the making of money, forms of superstition. Deep in the heart of man is the fear of God. A sudden crisis, a terrible accident, an awful warning or pas sionate appeal will bring it at any time to the surface. Every man is potentially religious potentially superstitious. In great numbers of people the fear of God has been stultified into weakness by the severe struggle of life, denied education by carelessness and ignorance, reduced to indifference by sloth, and yet pre served somehow or other to haunt the mind as a timid ghost at the times of birth and death, sickness and sorrow. The growth of the nou -worshipping habit is a serious thing for our society. There is but little atheism in it. The enquiries of house to-house visitation have revealed but little hos miij1 uj icij^ti/jj. J-ii'Ju^jjLits^zieia lias put religion on one side. Ignorance has saddled the representative organisations cf religion with hypocrisy arid defect, ' Don't know'^and 'dosen't matter' are the catch-words of excuse for abstention from worship. The attitude is generally one of apology, seldom of justification. The fear of God is still there. There is no questioning of the duty of wor ship, no thought-fulness. God is believed in, but it is a God more feared than loved, a God better to lie ignored to the end of life, and then to ha hurriedly ' bowed and scraped to ;! in the hour of death. Fear stops in the infantile idiotic stage, and never gets out of the swaddling-clothes of ignorance and irre sponsibility. The Bible. — Are we growing- more super stitious or more religious in reference to the Bible? We mav answer at once — less suner stitious and more religious. We used to fear the Bible, to fear lo apply reason to it, to fear criticism of the Bible, to fear the dis covery of contradictions in it, to fear knowledge respecting its authors. We united ignorance with fear. We thought every part of the Bible was equally true, and the Vhole must be distrusted if any part were discredited. We were superstitious. But scholarship has dismissed our fears. We have united the fear of God, who inspired the Bible, with a free enquiry which has restored the Bible. We are developing a reverence for the Bible, more real l-ecause grounded on knowledge, more enthusiastic because allied with love. The Bible is more read than fiver, more i-owerful than ever. While JJi'ilical superstition is disappearing the religion of the Bible has a better opportunity than ever of entering the heart and life of the people. This is a ground for hope. Science. — Here, also, things are pro gressing in the direction of religion, and away from superstitution. Superstition .ind science are deadly enemies. Every development of science is a blow to superstition. Our fears used to ascribe bad harvests, great disasters, epidemics, unfor tunate campaigns to the wrath of the Deity. But science pushed her enquiries into secon dary causes fearlessly forward, with tho result that we are gaining the conception of a great Cosmos, controlled by most impartial laws, which are the methods of working of a beneficent and Almighty Father. Fear subsides, and reverence takes its place. __ Science, which is an enemy of superstition, is a friend and servant of religion. We have no antipathy to knowledge, we welcome it : the scientists are no longer an invading army, we have enlisted them among the soldiers of religion. Here and there a stray biologist mistakes religion for supersti- j tion and attacks her, but every intelligent man knows he must be in a fog, or lie could not commit such a blunder, laith is securely based on knowledge. _ j This is a great gain. The spirit of man is ; awaking to the government of the Spirit of j God. God's infinity is being found out, His holiness understood, and His love and justice . becoming l the possession of the minds of men. A deity who needs to be feared be cause he follows his own caprices, elects his own favorites, makes the sun to shine on the just, and kecjjs the rain from falling on the fields of the unjust, lias had justice meted ! out to him — he has been dethroned. ^ .And that : loving Father, that righteous _ King, that ; Omnipotent Saviour, whose creation is for the I same ends as the death of Jesus on Calvary, has risen from the grave of the human Christ and assumed the government of the universe in the thought and allegiauce of man. This, also, is a ground for hope ; science has con firmed the revelation of the Bible by declaring the revelation which is in nature. We may well rejoice in a Bible rediscovered through the higher criticism ; and in the uew Bible which science has brought us from nature, and in the tenderer sympathy which is finding expression in humanitarian enter prises, but we cannot but grieve when this greater knowledge and this finer brotherhood are not united with an increasing eagerness for worship, which is both the best, means of converting knowledge into enthusiasm, and the best assurance that the national life is directed by the highest motives. I do not think that the disinclination to wor ship on the part of increasing numbers of jieople has ever been completely analysed or understood, neither am I now going to attempt it. But when churches are wholly blamed for it it is forgotten that there is a little demon in human nature which is only exorcised by the grace of God — the little demon of 'self,' otherwise known as ' No. 1' — and that it has always been found a hard thing, and always will to the end of time, to get people to do what they cannot definitely see is for their private and personal advantage. The private and personal advantage of public worship is not obvious to the thoughtless mind. Again it is forgotten that the fear of God is innate in the human heart. It cannot be eradicated ; it may be covered over by cares, occupation, pleasure, or indifference ; it niay be transformed either into superstition or religion, but never destroyed. -\n^ many people keep themselves busy with the employments and cares of t'se world in order to forget their fear of God. Many others abstain from worship lest they should be reminded of their fear of God. Superstition and selfishness co-ojjerate to keep people from worship. What is the remedy for these things ': For superstition, thought ; for sellish ness^love; for both, Christ — the lovcthought of God. The Greeks had a story of Prometheus, a daring son of the Immortals, who stole lire from heaven for tho benefit of man, and was punished by Zeus by being chained to a rock and tortured by a vulture. lu that story the truth was preserved that thought is the parent of good things; also, the superstition that God is angry when men think and win good thiugs for themselves. That truth remains, and that superstition is not yet dead. We know that thought does bring 'tire from heaven,' and that God is gJad with every. gain of knowledge and every step of progress. Thought keeps fear from degenerating into superstition, and upholds it till it changes into the search for truth, the joy of knowledge and the passion of trust with the solemnity of reverence. The Church of Christ is partly responsible for the prevalence of superstition, and in order to do her duty faithfully she must feel her responsibility. The worship of the Church is only worth the thought that is in it. If the words of our hymns aud prayers express our thought, and do not hide our want of it, if our beliefs are full of thought, if our preachers think, if we live as men ?who are spiritually awake, quick of thought for others, alive and seusitive to the thoughts of God — our worship shall be the Christian Prometheus to bring clown lire from heaven and win the apjiroval of Gud and the devotion of man. 