FROM YESTEKOAY'S LATE EDITIONS. NEWS AND NOTES Th« Ut'tidigo Stock Market wa# tlull to-tiny. The itillway revenuo foi hist Hhotvetl ti falling off tis eoiiipiuvd Willi -tho eon-oHjmmllng weok of last year. Tilt prior eonvlciioim ngaltiHt four prlHoiUMs charged at the Carlton Court to-day totalled Klxty-elght. the great- ont uuniher against one being nineteen and the lowest fourteen. Seventy .suspensions of Section JtO of the Factories' Act. thus emitting oc cupiers df factories to work their hands overtime under conditions re cently published In "The Ilerald," went granted during 1WH. The report of the Chief Inspector of Factories shows ilmt'JTiir factories, employing JU.'JUS persons, were regis tered ill asm. In 181W, with ii2i:t re gistered factories, there were OIKS more hands employed. For unlawfully assaulting Thomas \V. KHpatrick. at. the South Varni Marker on Saturday ' last, a man uatih'd .fatiies Miller was lined -Ids. in default lourieeu days' Imprisonment, by lho ITahnui .Bench to-day. llussliL neUve in her naval affairs. Four tlist-eluKs cruisers added to her i 'jieilir- siiuadron. wldeii In fill live Is to lie maintained at aniia-reased siieuglii. The L'zjir may lie a man of peace, but lie 'plainly believes In being prepared for eontingoneles. Aeeordlng to the report of the Chief Inspector of Factories, Invaluable work tins b.een done during the past year try Miss Cuthhei'iKun. female Inspector of factories. Tlds lady, however, com- plains that the penalties 111 eases of breaches of the Act are t<s» smalt to net as a deterrent. The woman Mary Kelly, -who io al leged lo )iu.vo had her skull fractured by Home women In Queen street oil Sat urday afternoon is rcjiurtcd tu he In u rurioun condition In the Mullxmrue Hos pital. unfavorable symptoms having supervemnl. No urrexts have yet been made in connucllon with the supposed assault. The North Mellmurno 1'ollee Court was engaged this afternoon hearing a charge of siorehrenking preferred against a woman mimed Ann Sparks. The in cused denied I he char/re, and the Itcncli did not. think that the pro- sedition wns successful In establishing a ease. for. a Jury. The woman was, therefore discharged. A little girl named Violet l«nac«, four yenl'H of age, died at the Children's Hospital, Carlton, this morning from Injuries nustahicd through her clothes catching lire. The deceased was thu laughter of Mr Sydney Thuucm. In l.elhbrldge street, M ounce Ponds, and wns admitted to the hospital on the '-'lib of lust month. An lmpicst will be held. The number of . telegrams sent on police business during the ipmrter (tided SOtii June last for the whole of Hie Metropolitan' Police District was only Hi) This restricted use of the tele graph nltlce Is due to thu desire for re trenchment. Members of the police force arc very chary at present about sending telegrams, excepting on occa sions of urgent necessity. Tin Minister of Public Works has to day been In consultation with Mr Far- lisle, hie PnrHaiiiculnry draughtsman, will regard lo the framing of a hill for Mm Yarru Improvement ;wol'ks. Mr Tavonier will submit ' the scheme to Ills olleagues as soon as he receives nolincntloii from ihe local hodles con cerned that they accept his proposals, lie does not anticipate that there will he any' delay In preceding with the Mrs. Annie Bold, who wns wounded In the throat. and neck by the bootmaker, Henry Hhnrman, -at No. IS Batlnrnt street, Colltngwood, yesterday, Is pro gressing favorably In the Melbourne llospitul. Tlio ' wound In the throat is just over the carotid artery, but Is of a' superficial character, The most serious Injury . Is that at the back of thu neck, hut the patient's recovery la hopefully expected.' -. 'A 'painful accldenl happened to-day to Alfred L6iig. 1h years of age, resid ing at No. :tl 'Mttlu Buckingham St., Klehnionil. lie wan taking a horse out of ,n spring carl In a right-of-way. when the animal slaried, ami Jammed Long between the cart ami thu wall, llo \vus lnken to thu.Melhpurnu JIuh- plt(il,. where , It was found that hu hud sustained , severe liUenuil Injury, lie was admitted for treatment. The , Hullwuy Cominlssloncrs state that- they have been taking nollve measures to suppress the rufllanism al leged to be carried on by certain pas sengers' who travel (tomu by the last suburbun trains In second chum smok ing carrlagos. Detectives have been watching on thu CauUleld nud Eshcii- don lines' especially, and one person who behaved in a rowdy manner a few nights ago wns caught, and Is to be prosecuted. Mr Byder says the depart ment Ik fully alive to the necessity of protecting respcctublc travellers from hiriull nnil annoyance, and thu bye-laws will ou cnrorceu accordingly. Ills Fxcellency Sir John Madden will this evening, at the Melbourne Town Hall, distribute the uwards grunted by the Itoyal Humane Society of Australasia during the past year. Mr Geo. Lush, the president of the Society, will ocfiupy the chair. Ad dresses arc to he delivered by his Fx- colleney, the hon. the Postmaster- Oencral (Mr J. G. Duffy), tho Ituv. F. Sergeant, and others. The Acting- Governor will he received by a guard of honor, furnished by the Harbor Trust Battery of the Victorian Artil lery. under Major J. J. Ilanby. Mr ChurteH Hykus wil preside at the organ. Admission free by ticket, to bo obtained UH advertlRcd. The Clarke Medal hi to lie presented to Mr J. M. Tonkin, of Hendlgo. A young lady will also hu presented with un uwurd. Lady Madden and Miss Madden are to hu present. " Six-Shooter " writes " Would you kindly tell me If It Is against the law to shoot down a ghost, or a person uct- lug ns one ? If so, what muy anyone do in retaliation If ho springs out upon you We have not sent the Inquiries to our logal adviser, for wc quite recog nise that "The Herald" is not large enough to contain a complete state ment of tho law as to when a man may shoot and when lie may not. If you can he quite hutc that It hi a ghost you uro firing at, by all means blar.c away, taking care only that the bullets do not- strike disinterested passers-by But the person "acting us one" Is -bent tackled Ut dono quarters with a blud geon. Even If you kill lilin, you then stund a better chance before a Jury. Tho law really la that you are not en titled to ; lire nt; wlth a view of killing, a man unless you uro In perl! of .your own life Personally, If. we could get a fair shot ut a person uetlng as a ghost,, we would take a good deal of risk us to legal consequences ; hut wo do not advlso that course to any- 2»iyoI«3r Ji . _ . Mr Duffy applied to the Full four! fids morning lo grant it eerihlento Hint ; -Mr William Harrison Mooiv, Dean of j the Faculty of J.;i\v at I lie Fnlvnsitv j of Melbourne, cam" lo Die colony with I the hitei/tjnu of being admitted to Die ' har. anil with n bona tide belief thu j hu was so entitled, and without fur- j Dior quMliUfUtliiii. The Court, granted the application, and Intimated that Die course for Professor Moore lo pursue would he lo go before the Hoard of Hxaminors and obuDn a eertitieaie thai he Ipid compiled with Die neees-' sary preliminaries, He would then come before Die Court to show that he had sullieletit knowledge of the Sta tute law of Victoria. 