A Wonderful "Woman. Chapter viti. a letter from new orleans. 'I fear I must; I am no match for Mrs Vavasor. All, here is Dantree, lucky dog. I must go over and congratulate him. It's not every day a poor devil drops into eight thousand a year and the finest place in he county.' ' Katfierine, dear, suppose you try,' Mrs. Vavasor gaily exclaimed, ' and vindicate the honour of the Dangerfields. 1 play '" chess pretty well, but who knows — you may become more than a match for me'. ' Well,' Katherine said, coolly, ' I think in the long run I would. I liave a great deal of determination — obstinacy perhaps, you might call it,' and when I make up my mind to do anything, I , generally do it.' 'Such as marrying a handsome tenor sing er. Don't be angry, Katherine. Mr. Dantree is worthy of you, I am sure. . Now, then, for a pitched battle between you and me, and woe to the conquered 1' There was a sneering defiance under lying her words — a sardonic gleam in her black eyes that Katherine understood. There was more at stake than a simple , t game of chess ; they looked at each other steadily for an instant, then began the game. The two gentlemen approached. Peter Dangerfield took his place behind the chair of the widow, Mr Dantree leaned lightly over that of ICathie. They stood like two seconds watching a duel, and neither spoke. A profound stillness filled the long, velvet-hung, lamp-lit draw ing -room, in which |you could hear the light falling of the cinders in the grate, ' the ceaseless beating of the rain on the glass. Which would win ? -a The widow, it seemed. In the gleam of the lamplight there was a flush on her cheek that was not all rouge, a sparkle in I her black eyes, not belladonna. She, wore a wine - coloured silk decollete and her plump, white shoulders and arms shone like marble, the rich ruby-red jewels flashed on her fingers, on her neck, a bracelet of fine gold and rubies en circled her wrist, and a crimson rose nestled in the shining, luxurious blackness of her hair. All crimson and black — with a fiery intensity of purpose flushing her face — and that peculiar glittering smile of hers on her thin lips. Gaston Dantree thought of some beautiful Circe — some fatal siren come on earth to work ruin and darkness. ' And yet, after all, he thought, ' I be lieve in my soul Katherine is more than a match for her. How coolly, how thorougly calm and self-possessed she sits, not one pulse 'beating the quicker, while the eyes of her enemy are on fire with her devilish determination to win. In a long-drawn battle of any kind between these two, I'd back the heiress of Scars- wood.' Then, more and more absorbed in the game, he forgot even to think. He bent over until his crisp black curls touched Katherine's cheek. She glanced up at Kim for a second her still face brightening — a faint colour coming in her cheeks. ' A drawn battle, is it not Gaston ?' she said, 'and a true Dangerfield prefers death to defeat.' Mrs. Vavasor saw both look and smile, and a savage resolution to win, at all hazards, possessed her. ; She knit her straight black. brows, and bent to the game, her lips compressed in one straight red line. She hated Katheiine at that moment with an intensity she had never felt before. How coollyjslie sat there making her moves, with a face of marble, while she was thrilling in everyvein with a fever of excitement. And how she loved that rnari behind her,|and how happy she was in her love ! ' And to her mother I owe all I have ever suffered, the sin, the sorrow, the shame ! Pray Heaven they may fix the wedding-day speedily, or I shall never be able to wait ! I wonder how I have waited all these years and years. Ah, a false move, my lady — a false move. The vic tory is mine !' But the exultant thought came too soon. Katharine's move, made after long deli beration, certainly looked like a false one— the widow answered in a glow of triumph. A second later and she saw her mistake — Katherine's false-seeming move had been made with deliberate in tention. Her eyes flashed for the first time as she made her last rapid pass. ' Checkmated 1' Katherine cried, with a slight laugh of triumph. I knew I should vanquish you in the end, Mr. Vavasor 1' _ ' Dinner !' announced the butler, fling wide the door, and Miss Dangerfield rose, took the arm of Mr Dantree, and swept with him into the dining-room. You did that splendidly, Kathfe,' he said : ' you have no idea how proud I am, of your conquest, and she was so sure of winning. She hates you as those little venomous women only can hate— Jo you know it ?' ' Certainly I know it,' Katherine re sponded, with; supreme carelessness: 'I have known it ever since I saw her first She hates me, and could poison me this . very moment with all the pleasure in life.' ' But why. I wonder ?' said Mr, Dan tree. 'You never knew her before she came here — you never did anything to'harm her ?' ' My dearest Gaston, it is not alwavs the people who have done something to harm us we dislike most. We detest them because we detest them. Mrs. Vavasor and I are antagonistic ; we would simply hate each other under any circumstances. How bent she was on winning that game, and- 1— I should have died of mortification if she had « Take care of her, Kathie ! That woman means to do you anjinjuryof some kind before she quits this|house. Whether it be for your mother's sake or your own, it dGesn't matter — she means to harm you if she can.' Katherine threw back her hea 1 with an imperious gesture. ' Let her ! I am not afraid. If it comes to that, I may beat her at her own game, as I did five minutes ago. She can't take you from me, Gaston' — with a little gay laugh — ' can she ? Anything else I fancv I can bear.' He stooped and answered her in whispered words, and Katherine's face was quite radiant as she took her place at the table. Mrs. Vavasor followed with Mr. Danger- field. She had risen from the table and taken his proffered arm, quite white for an instant through all her rouge. He saw her pallor beneath paint and powder- And you a're beaten after all, Mrs- Vavasor, and by Katherine Dangerfield ! Your game of chess meant more than a game of chets. Is it emblematic? She's fearfully and wonderfully pucky, this coinin of mine. Will she come off victorious at other games than chess I wonder ?' ' She looked up at him for one moment, and all the passion, the rage, the hatred, smoulch ring within, her, burst forth. 'I'll crush her ! And the day is very near now. This is only one more' item added to the long account I owe her. She shall pay off all — the uttermost farthing, with compound interest.' ' And stib through him,' Peter Danger- field said, darkly ; 'the surest blow you can strike is the one that proves him the traitor and fortune-hunter he is. I believe in my soul it would be her death.' ' I shall strip her of all— all— lover father, and name even. I will wait until her wedding-day, and strike home then. When her cup of bliss is fullest, and at her very-lips, I shall dash it down. And my brilliant, haughty, high-spirited heir ess of Scarswood, how will it be with you then ?' Sir John was in his place — a darkly, moody host, amid the light, the flowers, and the wines. Mrs. Vavasor was even in higher spirits than usual. Mr. Danger- nerd was talkative and agreeable, Kather ine was happy, and disposed to be at peace with the world and all therein, even Mrs. Vavasor. She loved, she was beloved all life's sweet hap; iness is said in that. For Mr. Dantree, he was simply delightful. He told them inimitable stories of 1 fe in the Southern States, until even grim Sir John relaxed into interest, and after-dinner in the drawing- room JJantree sang his favourite after- dinner song, ' When the winecup is spark ling before us,' in his delicious voice, that enchanted even those who hated him most. The piano stood in a shadowy recess down at one extremity of the long room— Katherine and Mr. Dantree had it ail to themselves. Mrs. Vavasor was busy with some flimsy feminine handi work. Mr. Dangerfield sat besids her turning over a book of photographs, and Sir John lying back in his easy chair, kept his eyes closed as though asleep His face wore a worn look of care— he watching those two shadowy figures a the piano, and as he listened this man,s voice, so thrillingly sweet— as he lookec' at his face— the lamp- light streaming o" dusk Spanish beauty - — he scarcely wondered at Katherine's infatuation. ' Fairer than a woman, and more un stable than water,' he thought, bitterly ' and this is the reed she has chosen to lean upon through life ! My poor little Kathie I am powerless to save you — unless I speak and tell all. Heaven help you il tnis man ever finds out the truth.' ' Sing me something Scotch, Gaston Katherine said. '> \- She was seated in a low easy- chair close beside him, her hands lying idly in her lap her head back among the cush ions It was characteristic of this young lady that she had never done a stit:h of fancy work in her life. She was quite idle now perfectly happy, listening to the howling iv/r October storm in the Park, and Mr. Dantree's exquisite singing. 'Sing something Scotch— a ballad. If I have a weakness, which is doubtful, it is for Scotch songs.' Mr. Dantree heard but to obby. He ran his fingers lightly over the keys, 'smiled lightiy to himself, and glanced halt-mali ciously at the girl's supremely-contented face. uW we Phased she looks,' he thought. ' I wonder if I cannot change that blissful expression. Many women have done me the honor to fall in love with me, but I don't think any of them were quite so hard hit as you — not even excepting Marie.' He played a prelude in a plaintive minor key, wonderfully sweet, with a wailing understrain, quite heart-breaking, and sang. His face changed and dark ened, his voice took a pathos none of his hearer had ever heard before. ' A wonry lot is thine, fair maid — A weary lot is thino ! To pull the thorn thy brow to braid And press tho ruo for wine. A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien, A feather of the blue, A doublet of the Lincoln green — , No more of me you knew, My love, No more of me you knew. 'This morn is merry June, I trow, The rose is budding fain, But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet again! Ho turned his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore, He gave the reins a shake, and said; 'Adieu for evermore, My love — Adieu for evermore!" It died out faint and low as the last cadence of a funeral hymn. And then he glai ced at Katherine. He had charged the expression of that sensitive face cruelly. It lay back now against the ruby red of the velvet, as coloutless asi the winter sno.v of which he sang. He arose from the piano with- a la-igh, ' Kathie, you are as white as a ghost. I have given you the blues with my sing- 'n£h or bored you to death. Which ?' She laughed a little us she rose. ' Your song was. beautiful, Gaston, but twice too sad. It has given me the heart ache. It is too suggestive. I suppose of man's perfidy and woman's broken trust I want never to hear that song again. It was late when the two gentlemen bade good night and left. Mrs. Vava sor took her night-lamp and went up the black oaken staircase, her ruby silk trail ing and gleaming in lurid splendour be hind her. ' Gooti night, Kathie, darling. How pale and tired the child looks. And you didn't like that divine Mr. Dantree's last song? It was the gem of the even- ing, to my mind — so suggestive, and all that, Bonne nuit et bonnes reves, ma belle ' — Mrs, Vavasor had a habit among her other gushing habits of gush ing out into foreign languages now and then — ' and try and get your bright looks bacjc to-morrow. Don't le t your complexion fode for any man — there isn't one on earth worth it. Good-night. A lightsome eye, a sohlier's liiicn, A feather of tho blue, A doublet of the Lincoln green, No more of me you knew, My lovo No more of mo you knew !' And with a last backward glance and still singing the ominous song, brilliant little Mrs. Vavasor vanished. Mr. Gaston Dantree rode back to his temporary home at Morecambe in very excellent spirits. What an uncommonly good-looking, fascinating sort of fellow he must be that all the women should their heads for him in this fashion. Surely the gods who presided over his destiny must have been in a most propitious mood when they created him their brigh par ticular star. ' I've always heard it is better to be born lucky than rich, and, rad! I believe it, -muttered Mr. Dantree to himself as he rode. ' I was born a pauper. My mother vended apples in the streets of New York ; and my father— well, the less said about him, the better. He be queathed me his good looks, his voice, and his— loose-fitting morality. Until the age if eight I ran wild about the streets; then my pretty face, and curly head, and artistic way of singing 'Oh Susan nah !' attracted the attention of Mrs. Why more, rich, childless, sentimental, good-natured, and — a fool. I was sent to school, tricked out in velvet and ruf fles, kissed, praised, petted, flattered spoil- ed by all the ladies, young and old, who visited my foster mamma; and, by jove, they've been at it ever since. Then at sixteen came that ugly little episode of the forged cheque. That was hushed up. Then followed the robbery of Mrs. Weymore's diamonds, traced clearly home to me. They would not overlook that. I inherited my light-fingered proclivities trom my father, as well as the good looks they praised; but they wouldn't take that into consideration. Then for four years there was the living by my wits — doing a little of everything under Heaven. Then came New Orleans and my new, and I fl rtter myself, taking cognomen of Gaston Dantree, my literary ventures, and their success in their way. And then, after three years more, came old De Lansac and Marie — poorlittle Marie! I thought I had found the ourse of Fortunatus then, when, lo the old fool must up and get married. And as if that weren't enough, there ir ust follow an heir, and adieu to all Marie's hopes and mine. Then I crossed the Atlantic to try my luck on this side of(the pond, and I believe I've accomplished my duty at last, as Lord Scarswood, at eight thousand a year. I believe I shall he a square peg, fitting neat and trim into a square hole. Kather ine's a drawback — exacting, and roman tic and all that bosh — but everything as we wish it is not for this world below. The old gentleman will die shortly. I shall take the name of Dantree Danger- field, sink the Gaston, and live happy for ever after.' Mr. Dantree was still singing that ballad d1 that faithless lover as he ran lightly up stairs to his room. He threw off his wet overcoat, poked the fiie, turned up ;he lamp, and srw on the table a letter. Now, a letter to the handsome tenor linger was not an agreeable sight. Letters limply meant duns, or else ' He snatched it up with an oath. This was no dun ; it was something even worse. It was superscribed in a woman's hand, and was post-marked New Orleans. ' From Marie, by Jupiter !' he exclaimed blankly. ' Now how the dev Ah, have it. It came to my address in Lon don, and the publishers have forwarded it here. Shall I open it, or pitch it into the fire unread ? Deuce take all women 1 Can you never let a fellow alone? What a paradise earth would be without them 1' He did not throw the letter into the fire, however. He threw himself into an easy-chair instead, stretched forth his splashed liding boots to the blaze and tore it open. It had the -merit of being brief, at least, and remarkably to the pcint. New Orleans, Sept. 16. Gaston, — Are you never going to write ? — are you never coming back ? Are you ill, or are you faithless ? The last surely. It would be in keeping with all the lest. Does your dead silence mean that I am deserted, and forever? If so, only say it, and you are free as the wind that blows. I will never follow you — never ask aught of you. No man alive though he were ten thousand times more to me than you have been, shall ever be sued for fidelity by me. Come, or stay, as you choose ; this is the last letter I shap ever trouble you with. Return this an . all my other letters, my picture also, if am deserted, But, oh, Gaston! Gaston have I deserved this ? Marie. To be continued.) 