THE BENDIGG ADVERTISER _ (published daily) PROGRESSION, our RIGHTS; and OUR KESOL'KCES. : BENDIGO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23;1S55. THE APPROACHING SESSION. The second session of Parliament will be opened to-day. Last week Sir Graham .Berry, speaking at the. mayoral dinner, said Governments usually found-- second sessions . the most_ critical in their careers, since it was generally recognised amongst politicians that if a change of office was to be effected, the second session was most opportune for the purpose. We trust that the present session will not witness any purely office seeking enterprise on the part of any sec tion of the Assembly, but that the Govern ment v.-ill be assisted as much as possible in carrying necessary legislation, and a large number of the measures which have been promised come under that designation. Victorians do not desire to see a struggle between the '• outs1' and '• ins" like that which resulted so decisively in favor of' the Reid Government in Sydney last week. ; On the one side was the- Government striding to carry the programme upon which it had been returned to office, and, on the other the union of two such bitter antagonists as Sir Henry. Parkes, the free trader, and Sir George Dibbs, the protec tionist. Considering the state of public opinion in 2\ew South Wales upon the fiscal question, such a compact as these :two politicians entered upon, can only be des cribed as an unholy alliance. As an excuse, Sir Henry Parkes put forward the plea that the fiscal question should be thrust out of sight for the time, in order that federation should be brought about, and Sir George Dibbs and he shook hands and agreed ro for get the past in order to oust the Ileid .Government*. But it is.-'well,remembered Shat Sir^^jyPar&M;^^'Si* George Dibbs ■did nothing,to adrinc&The; federation cause Svhs?n in office^ andv jt!is;tibjtsurpnsing that their declarations now" upon tlVe • subject should be regarded as insincere. On the other hand, Mr. Reid has promised to deal with federation as soon as urgent local questions have been disposed of, and federationists generally, are likely to place more reliance upon his promise rhamthe assurances of'the two Opposition leaders in the light of past events. i The experience through which the Heid Government has passed is useful, as show ing what tricks are resorted to in order to overturn Governments. The Victorian Parliament has serious work before it, pnd members should eschew everything in.'the shape of intrigue. If there is to be a change of Government, and at present there is no apparent reason for a change, let. it be | upon some important issue. The House is meeting one day earlier than it did last year. Then there was a great deal of fuss because it did not begin its labors two months earlier. This year there is no fuss at all, although there has really been far more reason, seeing that the tariff question has to be dealt: ..with! in time to . enable the ' Treasurer j to frame his estimated receipts from the Customs upon a revised list of duties. The Treasurer will need to begin this task about the first of July, so that Parliament will have a month—or twelve working days—in which to frame the revised tariff. So much time is spent, as a rule, in purposeless dis cussion, that it is extremely doubtful whether these twelve days will be sufficient for the purpose. It- ought to be possible, however, to deal effectively with the ques tion, if members go resolutely- to Work. {At the same titrie'" the subject requires \<ery :cateful- handling. - • Ihwill inofc dolto : tinker and trifle with the tarifi as on jpast occasions. The recommendations of tie Tariff Ci>m misssion ought'to be considered seriously in all-their bearings, and, as this may be the last opportunity to alter"; the duties for iome time, an effort ought to be made) to render the tariff absolutely free from those anomalies and inconsistencies which are a blot upon it as it stands at present. j After t: disposing of . the tariff, members will probably be called upon to deal vfith finance, -and it is very gratifying i to know that the State ledger is likely" to more nearly balance now than; it has for some years past. During the last three years efforts have been made to achieve this result and stop the drift, but in spite of heavy reductions in expen diture the continued falling off in the re venue caused the Treasurer to be littte, if any nearer the object of his desire. This year the revenue has been well maintained, and by reason of the rigid hold which Mr. Turner has kept on the purse strings it is not likely that there will be any serious deficit. The colony has been like a ship in which the water has been gaining on the ; pumps, but at last the latter have much more" than maintained their own, and the leaks are rapidly being stopped. The vessel will prove more seaworthy after a thorough ^'overhaul, and in its work of retrenchment the Government appears determined to stop; every leak. : In addition to 'the tariff and the finances, there are a number of inipor. , -tant^measures-which- have been indicated on several . occasions lately. The Acting Governor's speech, which will be delivered i to-day, ought to give fuller information with regard to them. i I "Tiie Bkxdiooxiax."—The illustrations in ! to-morrow's JBendigonian will be portraits of Mr. Michael Davitt, Mr. E. W. Kirby, and Mr. J. HemmiDg, a view of the Bendigo Race course, a group of members of the Bendigo Bowling Club, the tennis teams who competed on the Bendigo court last Friday, and a snap shot taken during the tennis match, ilhe portrait of Mr. Davitt is from a photo, by Talma (Melbourne). The portraits of Messrs. Kirby and Hemming, will be shown in connec tion with a view of the racecourse, and'the literary matter will include an interesting article detailing the history of the club, and the careers of Mr. Kirby and Mr. Hemming. The group of bowlers, which will include a number of our leading citizens, with a brief' history of the club, should be of interest, and : tinr tennis views, with a description of the match, should be attractive. The reading matter in this week's issue will include an interesting cblumh'under the title of "Social Gossip," which will "contain the names of those present at! the 'Tennis Club ball last Thursday., and other social-items. v I Re-opbsikg-of Parliament:"—'Our ilel •bourne correspondent writes .---The second-ses sion of the sixteenth Parliament of'Victoria yvillopen to-day. The ceremony, will be per formed by the Acting Governor, Sir John Mad deB. His Excellency will leave Government" House a few minutes before 2 o'clock, and a salute from the Domain battery will announce his departure. The escort will comprise a de tachment of counted police, and on arrival at Parliament House his Excellency will be re ceived by a guard of honor from the permanent forces. He will be met on the' steps by Major-General Sir Charles Holled Smith, military commandant; Captain Neville, K.N. .naval commandant; and other officers-of; the head-quarters' staff. Immediately on; his arrival in the Council Chamber, the usher will summon the members of the Legislative As sembly, and his Excellency will then read the speech prepared for him, in whio^ the policy of the Government will be set forth. An ad journment will then take place, and both Houses will meet at 4.30, when the debate on the Addresa-m-Reply will • be opened. Mr. Downward will undertake this duty in the As sembly, and will be seconded by Mr. Barrett, and in the Council, Messrs. Sargeant and Brunton will perform a similar task. The Acting-Governor's speech is not expected to contain anything in the nature of a surprise aad the members of the Government are in hopes that the Address-in-Reply will be cleared j away by Thursday. The railway management is the only item that is likely to prove de ; batable, and there is everv prospect cf a " few ( from the Opposition on that matter. ; w.itiL.thejcQad clear on Tuesday next, Mr. Best will launch his tariff proposals, and the debate will then be adjourned to enable members to grasp the situation. The At.leged Irregulakihes i.\\- the Tele graph Oi'FicE.—Owing to the death of I the mother of one of the employes in the telegraph office charged with irregularities, the inquiry has been postponed until tu-a.oi-vow, at the same place and time. The Duties of Citizens.—Many people ap pear to lose sight of the fact that the right of citizenship carries certain responsibilities, as well as privileges. During the hearing of a cattle-stealing case in the Police Court vester the owner of the cattle, on being pit into the witness box, enquired, before being sworn wno was going to pay his expenses. The ques tion seemed to fairly stagger Sub-inspceto: Murphy, and when lie had recovered frcm iiis feelings of surprise, he warmly ejaculated that the gentleman surely did not know the amount of trouble and expense the pclice had been puo to in trying to sheet home the robfccrv of the witness' cattle. The bench also pointed out that the witness ought to be only too pleased to be able to assist the police in brir»> ing the offenders to justice. The wittier how rw'li^eUt^ t0 look at the matter in tha. light. He had been paid the amount of the proceeds of the sale of the stolen cattle, and asliu had not placed the matter iu the hands oi the poace, he did not not sea whv he should be compelled now to lose time in" eomin" court. Mr. Murphy sternly told the witness that it was a public duty devolving upon Jim, as a respectable witness, to civo the police the information when he •knew the cattle had been stolen, instead of compounding a. lelony by taking the money and saying nothing more about if. The witness urged in justification'of his conduct that he would lose much more than the value of the Stolen cattle by having to attend the court that djy as ae was thereby prevented' from com pitting a large order. However, the matter was got over by the bench promising that the question of the expenses of each of the wit nesses would be considered at the close of the c ise according to Uie scale laid down by 'the Crown Lw department. •, ?#0K; OPT, FOR "KA.NDY KOOLA.' iv-.udv hojt.i.ahesanIo?tis1iece5sf;iJ brand--, or and \v.iUhorUy boon pf!.'Kr.?al procM-s iv Hcndk'o and di-trieh \vN-r~ i:ot r>Wc;tdy pi'oeurabk-.—[AijV'i, j Th-E Proposed VrrrcuLTCRAL College.— 1 Mr. Taverner, Minister of Agriculture, will re j ceive the deputation iu referenceto the estab ! lishment of the proposed viticulturatcollege in the Bendigo district on Wednesday, 5th Jane, at noon. All the municipalities which have agreed to co-operate hare been communicated with by the town clerk, Mr. XV. Honeybone, requesting that the delegates who have been appointed should be notified of the date of the interview. The deputatioiustsiwill assemble at the White Hart hotel at'' irVctock on 5th "Jane. The Visit of Mr. Davitt.—Yesterday Mr. M. D.ivitt, .with Mr -T, Winter.-his hon. agent, I Mr. Ryan, D.S., of the H.A.C.B.S., of Vic'-'1 J toria, and Mr. Ronghau, J.P., of Melbourne, were driven round the city and shown the various places of interest. They were accom panied by Dr. Burke Gaffney and Messrs. T. Hogau, J. Healy and G-. Butler (hon. secretary of the reception committee). The visitors first called at the Bishop's Palace and paid their re spects to his Lordship, Dr. Crane, with whom Mr. Davitt had a long and interesting interview. The Rev. Dr. Barry and several of the priests then showed the visitors over the Marist Brothers' and the Nuns' schools, which are respectively for boys and girls. The scholars were granted a half-holiday in honor of the occasion. The visitors then proceeded to the Mechanics' Institute, over which they were shown by Mr. E. Sanger, secretary. Att the School of Mines they were met by Sir; G. Alec. Thomson, registrar, who * escorted them over the class-rooms and workshops. The fernery and Rosalind Park were then visited, and they then drove to the Convent, where they were received by the rev Mother, who showed them over the build ings and the Convent High school. At -the Art Gallery they were met by the enrator, Mr. J. B. Harris. The visitors entered their I names in the book, and Mr. Davitt expressed ! himself as being well pleased with the collection ! of pictures. In the afternoon the party dtfove 1 out to Lake Weeroona and the Botanical (Jar dens, driving past the hospital and asylum on the way home. Time would not, however, per mit of their calling in at these institutions, but j the visitors will visit them to-day :or r to morrow. To-night Mr. Davitt delivers another lecture in the Royal Princess Theatre. : ! . • Whes" ^Thieves Fall Oct Honest JiTes Get Tirem Deis."—Three'young men naihed F. H. Cordingly, E- C. Clark and Kirk, were brought up at the City Police Court yesterday charged with having stolen head of cattle from a paddock at Goornong, belonging to Mr. C. Perrignon, on ISth March. After hearing : the evidence of a number of witnesses the ] chairman of the bench, Mr. R. B. Anderson, remarked that there was an old saying, " When thieves fall out honest men get their dues," and j it appeared to be quite true in this; case. When the prisoner Cordingly was before the court two or three weeks ago on another: charge, the prisoner Kirk made out that he was so con science stricken that he gave evidence against his. mate and had him committed for trial. While in gaol Cordingly seemed to have been j-seized-with-the -same feelings, and made state ments to the detectives which led to the arrest of the other two prisoners. He (Mr. Anderson) supposed thai bad it not been for that, the trio would not now be before the court. How- j ever, " All's well that ends well," and the j prisoners would be committed to take their trial i at the sittings of the General SessionsatBendigo, on the 6th June. Clark applied for bail, but I the bench refused to deal with the application, as it was stated by the police there ivere two other charges for cattle stealing, and several for other offences pending against the prisoners. The Robbery from the" Termincs Hotel. —About a week ago it was reported that a robbery had been committed at the Terminus hotel, and that amongst other things stolen was a coat containing a pair of spectacles, a knife and about £3 in cash, belonging to the [ licensee, Mr. R. Barrows. The coat has been [ found hanging on'the roof of an outhouse, the spectacles and knife being in the pocket, also a lozenge, to which half-a-sovereign had stuck, and which had apparently been overlooked by the thief when rifling the pockets. . ^XEhkJIorse Ambihaxge Cabs.—A meeting ["of the committee was held at, the office of the A.M.A. last evening. There was a good atteh. "dance. « Reports were received that nal 1 ar rangements' had been made at Eaglehawk to hold a concert there in July, also that the j Borough" Brass Band"would""give"aii"opea air concert in aid of the- funds in the park, at j which they anticipated to get the help of the fire brigade. The^ delegated from Eagle-! •hawk felt assured that their efforts would be successful in getting a large sum of money j towards the object in view. The Long Gully delegates^ reported that the approximate I amount of the proceeds of the 'concert there was £10 ISs'Bd. . Other reports were received from -Norchcatc's; the Benillgo Miners' and the ! Hopetoun bands favorable to the project. The meeting then closed. The Bexdigo Jockey Club's Winter Meet EW-—This old-established and popular club has I received entries for. the meeting to be held this day .week commensurate with the iiberal pro gramme issued. It is satisfactory to the mem bers of the committee to know that their efforts | ait; so-well appreciated. The booths and other privileges will be sold to-day at the Beehive by Messrs. Putnam and Jackson. Removing .Dead Timber. — Two youths named O as Minter and W. Henueberry were proc'eedecf-against t>y Mr. M. Burns," of "Axe \- dale,, on summons, Jn'the City Police -Court yesterday,.charged with cutting dead' timber 1 .•.w't^l,tlie,-intent .tp'^'steal' it from ,'the"~com fJjIMnant's patidock; Mr. Kirby conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Hyett defended Minter, who pleaded not guilty.' The complainant! stated that oh the 13th inst. he found the two I defendants in his'paddock. They had two loads j of firewood cut up ready to place on their drays, which were close by. In reply ' to Sir. Hyett, the complainant said that he did not know that his son had given the defendant I . Mtnter's father permission to get a load of wood ; | uul of-tbe-paddock.- If his son did so, he had no authority from him (complainant). The defence was that Minter, senior, had some time ago fixed a set of shoes on a pony belonging to Burns, junr.. and after finishing said, "This is jvortha load of wood." Young. Burns then saia thatfhe could get a load out of the pad dock. The bench, however, fined each of the I defendants 20s, with Is damages and 7s costs. Ben-digo Hospital.-Mr. D. B. Lazarus, il.e., attended yesterday, and passed 14 patients for out-door relief. The resident sur geon (Dr. F. M. Peebles) reported that during I the past week five patients had died, 21 had I •been discharged cured, and 126 remained nnder treatment. General complaints were made by patients as to the very inferior bread at present rVf1"? s,?PP'*ed._ anc* as examination showed that the complaints were well founded, the sec retary was instructed to submit samples to the ; health inspector with a view to action being ta^: The kitchen, wards, dispensary and outbuildings were inspected, the patients were interviewed, and with the exception of the bread everything was found to be in a satisfac tory condition. The No. 1 Fire Brigade Booth.—A meet ing of the No. 1 Fire Brigade's Easter Fair booth committee was held at the depot last evening. Captain Minter presided, and there was a good attendance. It was decided that all prizes unclaimed on Sth June will be dis posed of by public auction. It was also ar ranged to close the guessing competition on that date. Temperance Es'tertainmext.—Last even ing the monthly entertainment, under the auspices of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, was held at the Temperance Hall, which , was well filled. Mr. E. H. Watts occupied the i chair, and the customary address in advocacy of the principles of total abstinence was given by. the Rev. D. Provan. An interesting musical programme was gone through, the various items being well received. Songs were nicely ren dered by Mr. Kinder and Miss Jones ; duets bv k.iS3 aames and Mr. Hawley, Misses A. and L Pascoe, Miss Lansell and Mr. Harkness, and Aliases Hocking ; and a violin solo by Miss L. , Johns. In addition, the Golden-square String liana, under the conauctorship of Mr. J. H. Crump, rendered several selections in a very creditable manner. Miss M. Jones and Mr. Lees ably fulfilled the duties of accompanists. A New Shire,—On Monday (writes the Arijtti) trie Minister of Public Works sanctioned the application of the severance of portions of the.bc. Arnaud, Gordon and Korong Shires and their constitution as a new municipality, to be called the Shire of Charlton. The majority of the ratepayers in the several parts desiring severance complained that thev were too removed trom the seats of local government' ana that their business relations and interest were with Charlton Tin: Mystery or the Skull. — Aboit a Z%a"PnJS ,th?,Ballarat *'"'•>U was thought the Iulda skull mystery had been cleared lip. lhe (lead was declared by a Mrs. Mul'env (or as previously given Mrs. Mulle-y ) o"f Dufiley-street, West Melbourne, to have been that 01 her husband, Michael Mullenv, who leit his home alter a drinking bout some ago, to go to U arrnambool, and h was surmised he either fell or jumped from the steamer and was drowned. Thomas Furguson, thn iiS1"l-!eny s l^riother, agreed with her as to the iden^ty. fhey mourned him dead, but -'t appears he is still among the livini', for on \U\\\7 Z miy\"IVJU" U!e name of"Michael iSnV?11.^ C°aSUble of Goulou, ^ud claimed to be the individual re terred to. The misspelling of the name he re garded as a !n,stake or milprint. He savs he am' earlvNllJMDU-'rV;SVrCet' WeSt of ? \vn home with the intention if n,n • -1 , > ^cms somewhat ^rnu-ul at the incident. He has no }v?r on Malice, hi\viuu( shaved "tTrt : , u.r > lie pa-it two has the The Foresters' Charity Ball.—Last n: , an entertainment and ball was held in 'fk1 town hall under the auspices of the Ancient Order of Foresters, for the benefit of •!> Hospital and Asylum. About 70 couples Ver» present, notwithstanding the unfavorable weather and counter attractions. Represen'" atives were present from the OddfeTlc^ Lodges, including Bros. S. Johns. T. ?oo'-~ Graham and others. In addition to the C.pV of the District Foresters' Lodges, P.L)7'*i> Bro. HefBU, of Eaglehawk, was in attendance Dancing was indulged in to the strains ^ Foster's String Band until an early hour -vj morning. The dances in the early porticn"~cf the evening were interspersed with songs'"^ Songs were contributed by Mrs. HIciie-T Misses Eame3 arid Davis and .Mr. W. Hal!. •' Peterson also contributed a solo on the h;.-! • monica very creditably indeed. Mr. Frankland Coates, secretary to the committee, Mr. J0J>a Barrow, the chairman, also Mr. James Butler *r did much to promote the success of the gather! iog.- -Mr.-Butler also acted in the eapicjrT M.O.- Mr. Roberts supplied the re'reshrr.VnC Limelight Entertainment. — Last aiVv Mr. L. Timanus gave an entertainment i-: ;hi A.N.A. Hall to ah appreciative audience" Some excellent views of the late Cbinc' Japanese war, both on land and sea, •sera ; shown by the aid of limelight effect;, xzi explained by Mr. Timanus. The view c: the imarch of the Japanese through Manchuria ^13 especially good, as were also the scenes dep;--. ing the bombardment of the forts. i;or-a capital views of famous statuary also evoked admiration. Mr. Coates, junr.,~ manipulated the limelight apparatus satisfactorily. Congregational Sunday School. — ~he • Congregational Sunday school concluded f-j anniversary last evening, when a verv pUasint and-instructive entertainment was given in the church to a numerous audience. The Rev. B. Rofe presided, aud distributed the prize? to the successful scholars during the past vear alter which the following programme of sccgj and recitations was given, illustrated with lime light views by Mr. T. Bain :—Song. " The Land of Love,1*" Mrs. Jones; song, "The Four leaved Shamrock," Miss R. M'Alpine ; =or.~, " Where is Heaven,"' Miss Jones ; recitation, "Death of Little Jim," Miss Moorhead ; song, " Death of Nelson," Mr. Harrison ; recitation " Billy's Rose," Rev. A. B. Rofe. The Sunday f school scholars sang several choruses most creditably under the conductorship of Mr. | Harrison {Mr. Chandler being unavoidably at- f sent). Mr. T. Bain showed some local 14 snap L shots" as well as New Zealand scenery, ccn- f eluding with academy pictures and humcrcr* ' views. Miss Abbott capably oiiciated at the organ. Benevolent Asylum and Lying-in Hospital. .—The weekly committee met yesterday. pre. sent—The_ president {Mr. D. B. Lazarus, M.LlA.) in the chair, the vice- president /Mr. J. R. Goodisson);'Major Kirty, Messrs. J. I). Crofts, and W. Davis. . .Forty-four applicant! were awarded aid by orders on stores and 29 in kind from the institution. Aid in three cases was discontinued. One woman was ad mitted, and a twill shirt and pair of blanket? were awarded to needy cases outside. Reports were received from the medical officer (Dr. -J. D. Boyd), superintendent (Mr. J. S. M'llrov1, and collector (Mr. R. B. Sibley). Two hun dred and eighty-four distributions were r.ade outdoor during the week to families consisting of 322 adults and 1-18 children. There are in the institution 170 males and 39 females ; -o's!, 209. News from West Australia.—A private telegram was received in Bendigo yesterdav, from Cue, West Australia, announcing that the ' last crushing from the Victory United mine yielded at the rate of over 3 ;z. per ton. Concert at Golden-square —To-night 1 concert will be held at St. Mark's Church, ! Golden-square, in aid of the choir fund. The ! -Ven. Archdeacon MAcCulUgh-will preside. An j excellent programme has been issued, and j severaJtwell-known amateurs will assist. Mr. 1 W. Holland has charge of the arrangements. j Loyal James Roe Lodge, M.U., i.O.O.F.— I The fortnightly meeting was held last evening ! at" the Beehive Exchange, Bro. J. - Beattie, J .N.G., in the chair. Sick visitors were ap- ; pointed. . Three new members were elected, j and' 'four nominations' received. Bror- M. M'Cann, P.P.G.M. ; P.Gs., C. Andrew, J. Knight and G. M. Grobbrngge- were -^lectel delegates to the district meeting. Bro. Cocr and Pollett responded to the toast of." Th; Visitors." The cash received for the evening amounted to £82 10s. Cm* Police Court.—Messrs.' R. B. Ander son, J. R. Hoskins, and T. S. Gibson, Js.?., presided yesterday. Jas. Minter, junr., and William Henneberry were charged with cut ting dead timber, with intent to steal it, from the paddock of Mr. Martin Burns, of Axedi'.e. Mr. Kirby conducted the prosecution, and Minicr woo defended by Mr. Hyott. The bench considered the charge proved, and fined each of the accused 20s, and ordered them to each pay Is damages and 7s costs. Several persons were proceeded against by Trs.'.nt Officer M'Alpine for neglecting to send their children to school the number of days required by the compulsory clause of the "Education' Act. Fines were imposed in each case. A number of debt cases were disposed of. A pawnbroker's license was granted to Henry Fryberg. F. H. Cordingly, C. H. Clark, and Kirk were committed for trial for cattlesteahng. The court then adjourned. Land Slip at Broken Hill —The Broken Hill correspondent of the Hemld, underyester day's date, wires:—Another extensive land slip occurred early this morning on Block 11 (if the Proprietary Company's ground, being a .continuation of the big subsidence of .v.onth; back. A large fissure extends from the margin of this subsidence, which is probably over ltO feet long, in a. south-west direction, parallel with the old viaduct. Numberless outlying cracks show that the movement is not confined, but covers a large area of ground. Small cracks ate extending under the engine house con nected with M'Gregor's new shaft, and within i 12 feet of the ore bins adjoining. The move ment is still going on, particles of material falling from time to time from the face of the quarry. Sir Henry Parkes' Eightieth Bikti'iat. —Sir Henry Parkes, who completed the eightieth year of his age on Monday, w»s (writes the Sydney correspondent of the Xw) called upon at his residence, Keuilworth, Annandale, by a large number of iriends, who congratulated ' him upon the event and upon his being in Biich vigorous health. He also received a large number of congratulatory messages, among them being one fro.:: Sir Frederick Darley, the Lieutenant-Governor, who expressed his best wishes to Sir Henry Parkes " as an old and faithful servant of Her Majesty," and his earnest wishes that Sir Henry might enjoy good health for many years to come. i ; f Death Duties.—The Argus statesthat the respectable sum of £23,707 was received by the Governmentas probate duty upon two estate; on Monday. The first was that of the late Mr. Mar tin Loughlin, Ballarat, in which the estimated value of the real and personal property was £23-4,300, the balance liable to duty was £192,S3S, and the duty actually pud, being it the rate of 10 per cent., was £19,2S3. The other estate was that of the late Mr. Robert Jamieson, of Stony Point, Darlington, grazier. The estimated value was £57,020. the amount on which duty was payable was £5S,001, and the duty paid, being at the rate of 7 4-5 per cent., was £4,524. The Income Tax —Mr. T. Prout Webb, the Commissioner of Taxes, and his chief assistant, Mr. Outtrim, are still kept busy hearing objec tions to the assessments under the Income Tax. The Heitdd states that Mr. Outtrim is of opinion that there will be very few, if any, appeals to the court, all matters having, he says, so far been arranged satisfactorily either by correspondence or by personal interviews. Schedules which escaped assessment earlier by reason of the manner in which they were made up, are now being revised, and many of thea are being found to be taxable. This extra money, combined with the additional income from the country—now coming forward freely— is expected to so far swell the'total receipts as to make the tax vetv nearly yield the Treasurer's estimate of £200,000 before the end of-the year. ' The Ballarat "Ghosts,"—It is certainly near time (says the Courier) that the "ghost" scare was finished in Ballarat West, or serious results may follow. Unfortunately, one young man is in the Ararat Lunatic Asylum at pre- sent, by reason of the shock he sustained some time ago through this kind of practical or idiotic joking, and it is probable that unless the police take immediate action other males and females will have to follow his fate. As already recorded in these columns, of late a man disguised in a long black robe and skull cap has been perambulating the cross streets south of Sturt-street, for no other purpose ap- parently than frightening females, and his last exhibition was 0n Saturday evening at the junction of Dana and Lyons streets. It ap- pears that shortly after 10 o'clock two young ladies proceeding homewards, were arrested bv the presence of the "ghost," who was dressed as described, and on approaching them he covered his face and hands with some phospho- rescent composition, at the same time holding up his hands before him, while his countenance had the ghastly appearance of a corpse. The two terrified ladies immediately ran from the supposed apparition, aud, at the corner of the street named, fell into the arms of two other ladies, the consternation of the former being so intense that they could only murmur " There! there!" The pretended "ghost" then ran amongst the group, disfigured as he was, and, being radiant in the darkness with phosphorus he so intensified the agitation of one of the ladies that she fainted, and was carried into the shop of Mr. Ehms, butcher, where she was restored after some trouble, but it was apparent that the impression had an effect upon her mental faculties, and yesterday she was in very nervous condition. During the excitement the coward " ghost" had made his escape, and although several persons were attracted to the scene by the screams of the ladies, they failed to discover his whereabouts. It may be mentioned that the scoundrel who plays the part of the "ghost" takes up his position only in the least lighted streets to frighten women, but it is to be hoped, if the police cannot catch him, that a company of "vigilance" young men will be formed to dis- cover the culprit, if possible, and, when caught, give him a sound horse-whipping. No one will complain of the punishment, excepting, per- haps, the "ghost." Sale of a Dairying Plaxt. —. To-jnorrow on the farm at Bald Rock, Lu 51acphersoh,J Sternberg and Co. Limited, will, on account'of Sir. James Martin, offer for sale his dairy herd, plant, horses, etc. . Ilia.anniversary. tea_in. onnection-witlr the Baptist^hijistianjEndeavor Society will be held to-nighb .it fi.30, the public meeting following at 7.45. The annual public meeting in connection with the We-ileyan Home Mission will be held at Goldei^square to-night. ITeaars. F. and E. Stilwell, ironmongers, etc , of Hargieaves-straet, announce that they have the best assortment of lamps in the city.for a!l purr poses. It is notified elsewhere that .any persons tres passing on the property known as Hand's garden, Marong-rjad, leiaed to Mr. Lamaey, will be pro secuted. . 