CHUltOH INTELLIGENCE. ASCENSION DAY SERVICES. THE CONSECRATION OE BISHOP HARMKll. ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. Thursday being Ascension Day the usual services were held at St. Peter's Cathedral. There were two celebrations of Holy Com munion in the morning, and. full choral even song for the Feast of the Ascension took place in the evening. The hymn "Salve! festa dies" was sung as a processional, to the music of Baden Powell. .The precentor (the He v. W. S. Milne) intoned the service, -while- Dr. Pennefather read the lessons. Archdeacon Dove, in place of the usual sermon, delivered an address en the office for. the consecration of j bishops, in which he stated that the service j they were holding was synchronous with the consecration of Bishop Rarmer in Westminster Abbey. After explaining the appearance of our Blessed Lord m tho upper room to the disciples, and the reception by them of the Holy Ghost breathed on them by the Redeemer, he said the scene in the upper robrn represented what they spoke of as the- Holy- Catholic [ Church throughout the worid, and what I Christ said then he said now—for whenever ah j ordination took place it was the Lord Jesus j Christ speaking as truiy as when he was, seen j on earth. That day their bishop was being : consecrated—and a fitting day indeed it was j for a consecration, for Ascension Daybbey ' kept holy as the coronation day of our King of ! Kings, by whom the bishop was sent as one of j the: Princes"of. Israel. They had bishops ap i pointed taking the place of "the Apostles, and ! looking back on history • they saw there had |- never, been wanting these bishops in ilie Holy , Catholic Church. Having' referred to the !-foundation and independence of the early . British .Church, the speaker . proceeded to ; show how, after the' Conquest, the Church I of England became subject to the Church of •Rome, hut even then there was always.a great spirit of independence among our forefathers, although the English Church had always been one, and her bishops, priests, and deacons had; used the liturgy used in the earliest times before Christian people .'were . divided./ The form of ordaining or consecrating of -an arch bishop or bishop was then read, the congregation joining y in the . prayers. The office for the- consecration bf a bishop concluded with the following prayer: —"Most merciful Father,' we beseech Thee to send down upon Thy servant, John Reginald Harmer, tliy heavenly blessing; and so endue him with Thy Holy- Spirit, that lie, preaching Thy word, may not only be earnest to reprove, beseech, mid rebuke- with < ali patience and doctrine; but also may ne i to such . as ' believe, . a wholesome example, in word, in conversation, in love, in faith, in chastity, and purity ; that, faithfully fuliillingliis course, at the latter day he may re ceive the crown of righteousness laid up by the Lord, the Righteous Judge, who liveth and reigneth, one God1 with tile Father and the Holy Ghost, the world without end. Amen." The service was fully choral, the/ anthem being "Lift up your Beads," from Handel's "Messiah," while the canticles were sung to Walmisley in D minor. SERVICES AT CHRIST CHURCH. Three sendees were held at Christ Qliurcli, North ;/ Adelaide, on ,Thursday—Ascension Day. Holy Communion wah celebrated at 8 a.m. and matins at 10, and in the evening the Administrator of the Diocese gave an, address on the consecration of the Bishop of Adelaide. There was only a moderate congregation. < Dean Marryat, hi the course bf Lis address, ■ remarked that this was an, interesting occasion apart from Ascension Day, as .i t marked the consecration of the .new Bishop of. Adet ■lairle. ; Almost at . that moment, the : ser-1 vice was commencing in Westminster. Abbey. Thus their prayers would ascend from both sides of the globe together to the/ throne of grace. He purposed going through a portion •of the office lor consecration of bishops, and in this way they could join in ordination, in spirit uttering many of the prayers used in Yvest miitster. Abbey. Such a service was. interest ing in many ways. Few even, of the' clergy had seen the consecration of a bishop.' He had only seeuoue—a' grand one for the Australian Church. On that, occasion three Austra lian bishops were consecrated.; They were all .of good, 'name./Vuid fame— Bishop Short; of Adelaide ; Bishop Parry, of Melbourne; and Bishop Tyrell,. of Newcastle. Few rites were more impressive than the ordi nation of priests and deacons, ana the conse cration of a bishop was certainly not less im pressive. The dean then asked the congrega tion to turn to the forth of ordination in the prayer- book, and, assisted by the Rev. A. Craven, the service for the consecration of bishop was'then gone through. The dean pointed out that during the service the arch bishop would demand the Queen's mandate place in Australia 110 such mandate would be wanted. If the bishop was appointed to an English, see that see would be uientioneu, the Crowii being the nominator, but in'the case of a colonial bishop no place was stated in the Queen's mandate. The bishop had to take the oath of due obedience not to the Archbishop, as iii England, but to the Primate of Australia and'Tasiuaiiia. ' On the conclusion of-the.ser vice the dean said lie need add nothing, as it spoke for itself. ; They could not have failed to notice the dignity of-the office. - By dignity lie meant not its temporal .rank, butits-worth and; worthiness. Bishop Harmer had asked for their prayers on his behalf, aiidr'he asked the congregation to join him in praying." 