.. HE. , :ANo THER BY JO12- P ('ZBInGIE. "Yes, John," said nisa respondent to mes a Ing along the St. ilda f i fore daylight on ur r laaoe ]hid a .'ery afires, ` ' marked' night I might cumstances of. an uncontilri not always plelasant. eli: prevented me froml ?ri a Mark Twain's lectures. I' had a disinclination to have lct ries of his inimitable wr disturbed by a 'ision: a In There are such fetlin' . \ltas dlOnedly gla I him at the Jounrnalists"l nightl. and to spend sn:: i, t c.'omnp:illy. It was .: chain for both of s. I dit are 'strangers yet." If. others. I had no opllrtli ing to hIim. BIlut. tllect ivi ed to all of us. and thi i hlumor. coupled twill hie Iql is irresistible. It itk.< av 2 . cut of his ownl bh:ule :I self, and Imake(s hit a ,,lI said of himiselIf, Ireju '"' of articles. copy. Btllutr " cables. sulburban otu l t ir' k. r calses and othetr all tnlati nt solatiotn. PrrsonatllI. 4of "l I more of Messrs Deatkitn. I)o' b sheep-tenders, both in alnl ot o a liament, than hie dloes :it h il rous way in which he let II tu down, sinners of wt o. delin lie must have heaid shutntlda worthy of the Rounl Tble. lTh few mlen in the coloniy ahiing hoI their sorrow-to do wil could have put. these otl. S : i. purgation more l ghtl, t . felt It, too. For they a?tiled Mr 5. V. WVinte, Lth chaira news on snch (goo authoritt , 'refornmation' is welelon Tr know hint htavie ofieti hleant I' of 'making a chatlge.' It ; ts con I wish the 'refctrmteid ea~. I!itei a^" prosperity. I lit ready to refm self unude :lde lqtiellt tlttllon ti, one of Ithe escort ohil to He ,i e home. I tried toI reform ore tlhan ott on the road, Iuit the lieilng it Ii this laid aiforded n opPonitr Id'ven the 'distingutished t humri marked it." in thei nme of the t"prii tpt ~ratssey. I an heartily .l!d that t highly respected ..and l?iihl resp able noblemall II:ts arrivi-e at ta (lad tam I a:lso that hie I:ees el corned hea:lrtily by all elhsse;--if l, word be permissible il this land of delmoctraccy, slightly tinacl with plnte eratic snobbery-still moret glad am I that there will now he peace and qcint. (less in the humble house of perr. itngle. For women. nlte or old, ar but womenl. anld evenl Dot and mr d:taughter have been a trilde "brtlse. lied" for the last fortnight. They are at peace now. I have bought one a (le Vere hat andt the other a Capeli mantle, anld joy Iper:adles both their innocent hearts. As for the reception by sea and laud, it was worthy of the colony. There was a tritle too much *of the free iand easy sil?a-ong smok. night oil board the AramnI:e to snit mr old-fashioned tastes. an:ll it nmunt e a hore to soume people to think that they can never take Iprt in any lane. tiol without running itt against the omnipresent and irrepressible men. her of Parliament. 'The sa:u mna rie said of the stud farln of AMayors that norried his Excelleney a:d delasid the procession on its trad up from St. Kilda. There are ftw people, ia deed, who care to see Mayors ant councillors. There is neither fun non show to. be got from them. not erew of legs. Next Phnf:tiant we have of this kim let's have nmioe! glitter, mInr soldiers, more bands. tmore mareh?r to-and-fro, more scarlet. gold and Nt and more to look at for the man in the street. instead of for what my, he called a scratch te:tia of selrtioas. He helps to pay for it all. I suppose it is only to be expettll. even in this democratic country-in which everybody is a deuted sight ibt tert han everybody else-that the wife and family of a Governor should at tract some public attention. I can un dersta;nd, too, that they should ie centres of attraction at ; fancy fair. It is one of the penalties of being high ly placed to be stared at. At the theatre the veriest parvenue that ever lived may level her opera glass at IRoyalty itself. unt it is rather toa much when two or three ladies cannot enter a shop without being positively mobbed byta crowd. And yet this was the case the other day. when nearly *two thousand people. mostly women. blocked the pavement in Bourke street while some of the Governor's emaily were shopping. Tihe poor Governor himself could not "bike." or. rather. "trike." the other day without some "peeping -Toni" having hits eye ulon him. There is little or none of this street snobbery on thie 'ontinent of Europe. It appears to .e a spIchal eharacteristic of John Bull and his n lations. One consolation-if the Lon don papers tire to be tbelieved, i; is worse in the old country. lFor one reasonl. I, as a peatcful citizen, willing to lpl:il horse, van. and Self at the disposal of the country in -ease of war--position of non- cvCt bbatant preferred--:u gled tlhat Lonl Brassi y is with us just now. The tar cloud. looms da:lrlly over oulr head'. as the leader writers sa;. It always is looming norore or, less like a Quees land drought. but acortding to late cinbles -it is at present loouier than ever. Therefore it maty burst and rain shells torqedoes. dlaximsll.l and other "articles of bigotry and virtue' letfol tile pro-erbial iJack Robinson can le uttered. In such circulsnintef aO pilot is badly wanted abonrd. Lord BSln sey is the very nlall for the pos Constitutional governetent is Ia beau tiful ideality. but it tlsu't always pan out to tile best ladantalle in war time. Re? d thie Wellingtc n despatehes. I know thalt Mr Turner has. lltmly speaking. cut his eye teeth. I ?ruld p1ay the courtetet .Attlorneyl-Gey rl tlfe highest fee I could aflfordc to set t Tcse. through for tile. with M3r CntL bert thrownn il to icstrlect hei e would pin my faith to Mr Iest .s hn authority on the Maille' or e senli and I would back \ir Taverner oln 1t ter or architecture gtlilst- ev er Dow or the ghost of Clhristopher utiC. while onacnrriages.c.t.toi t1ti lIl 1 great store by Mitr ClCulloc h. when "'.the. stormy v wins do nlw: wheni the hour of :crtion, ralltyI eclyO I. should like some one of exteri ?e at the tiller who had been thelle teo .if only to the Souchult with t eiC n. contingent. or down the b:1- wit- ,,lli IIancock. I have tile hig"hest roslt'i for our local poliiicicts. eve ,illC arranging or concocting a cae e it chorusing a comic cantata. h1 er have my doubts about their .ruanenl Wilkins. of tile Wimuiner. ts colic down for the Iaes antl eills aslid '. for ai tip both for Derty :ill el.1' don't do these thinigr *I .llilnes. Like Mar ai?? ith Ihate shms, but I agreelit hiim that the best test of a 2:itrl ti its likeness to its sham. its astr-, Is speak theosopblcnlly. Therefonf have sent him my tips. andil thei gon't .turn up trumps, it will h the falt of the reality and not of t shani. By the b?e, the public s a. 7c well have the benefit of the ll. Derby. Wallace or Osculator: fe it r? Trenchant or The Admireul:.n scratclinigs• and other tu rtjotl tie's. .When the feet feel hrot and tired in the middle of a nwalk. a hd '-,?e0 baltl is'an unobtainable luiura , bose seme quiet- spot a.nd change Sou . inge from one foot to the other 7l114 ielief afforded is reilly r.rba? lal end it often saves the feet from bs-5 int blistered. 