CHILDREN'S ODD REPLIES Youngsters appear to mix up their history a good deal, and occasionally make odd blunders about physical geography. a vounor hopeful said that the surface of the earth consists of land and water. " What then," asked the teacher, "do land and water make?" "Mud," was the instant rejoinder. A volcano has been described as " a large mountain with a hole at the top and a fireplace at the bottom ; and a " bar is a piece of iron across a river mouth. It prevents navigation and has to be cub through with a steam edge." It was a boy who made the last remark, bub girls can be just as funny as boys. The members of a girls' class were asked a few questions. One was questioned as to what was meant by " bearing false witness against your neighour ?" " It was," said she, " when nobody did nothing and some body went and told of it." Another was asked how beef tea was made, and she replied, " Buy a tin of beef extract and follow the directions on the lid." " What are warmth-producing foods ?" a third girl was asked. The reply was " Cayenne pepper and Jamaica ginger." An old gentleman asked bis nephew on his twelfth birthday how be liked going to school. "I like going well enough," was the boy's doubtless perfectly truthful reply, " but I don't at all like staying when I get there." " What would have happened if Henry IV. of France had nob been murdered ?" asked a teacher of a sharp-looking boy. The prompt reply was, " He would probably have died a natural death." In a Sunday Bchool, " What did the Israelites .do when thoy came out of the Red Sea f drew forth the answer, "They dried themselves." " Where wa8 Bishop Latimer burned to death ?" was immediately answered, " In the fire." A boy was asked the difference between a fort and a fortress. He nicely defined them : " A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to pub women in." On being asked what the chief end of man was, , another boy, without any hesitation, said, " The end what's got his head on." The following are twelve gems culled from recent examination papers : — Esau was a man who wrote fables, and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash. Titus was a Roman emperor, supposed to have wrilten the " Epistle of the Hebrews." His other name was Oates. Oliver Cromwell was a man who was pub into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress," and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea. Wolscy was a famous general who fought in tbe Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Crotnwell, " Ah, if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age." Wesley was the founder of the W esleyan chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington. A monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, bub it lias been taken down lately. Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty, which the ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro fanes madness, he really only puts it on, bat some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting, tbe king asked him if be would have something to drink, and be had put poison in it and Hamlet said ho . would wait the queen, took it and then she falls down dead. Hamlet immediately stabs bis father and.drinks the poison and dies. A young girl, asked what should be done in tbe event of her dress catching fire, replied, " Borrow your friend's cloak." 