REN5HAW gANNING ak Br <m 'Tmta s®» -ti i ,h. I U,U a>nnt,= K Battlefield, p t, Peoole." ela. rHAPTER XXXVl—SEtLON-s Last Lie. ' Bat that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astouiehed Sellon not a little. Now. however, it in no wise disconcortcd him ; rather, it struck Mm in the light of a joke. He had got his cue, and meant to act np to it. So when his somewhat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a private interview, he replied with the jolliesi laugh in the world. Certainly, certainty, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, Miss Effie "—as that vouug person ran against them in tho hall— ' here 1 ain, hack agaiu to tease you, you W4 Where's Uncle RenBhaw, Mr Sellon r" said the child. Kaurico stared. "The straight question— the frtraiebt look accompanying it, discon certed htn for a moment. 44 llensbaw ! Oh, coming on, he answered quickly, " coming on. Be here soon, I daresay." He had made the same sort of reply to the same inquiry on the part of his host. He thought be nad done with the subject. It irritated bim to be called upon to repeat tbe same He over and over again. 44 By the way, Mr Sellon," began the latter, "did you get the letter I sent you at Maraisdorp?" Mister Sellon Maurice started. Old Chris was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thought, with an inward laugb. 44 Not I," he answered. 4 l'robably fortae best of all poieible reasons. I didn't come throuuli Maraisdorp, or anywhere near it." 4 Before going any farther I want you to look at this," said Selwood, unlocking a small safe and taking out the unfortunate mierivu. 44 Wait— excuse me one moment, I want <-ou to look attentively ul the direction first." He still held the envelope. Maurice tool ; one glance at the address — the handwriting — and as he did eo his fuce was not pleasant to behold. 44 All right. I know that caligraphy v fell enough. Ought to by tills time. Ha, I ja 1 So sbe bas been favoring you with her pec jiiar views on things in general and. me in particular. You ought to feel honorr jd." I? Favoring me?" echoed the oth er, in a state of amazement. 44 Yes — you. I suppose the comm nnica- tiou ip an interesting one." 44 My dear Sellon, look ai tbe address again," said Christopher, handing him the envelope. u By Jove 1 It's for me after all," looking at it again. 44 What a treat ! Why the devil can't the woman write legibly," he muttered. 'Then aloud : 14 Why it looks exactly at if it was addressed to yoc, Selwood." 44 Ha— 1 am very glad indeed tc hear you eay that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake." 44 Tbe, devil youriid !" 44 Yes. I o&n; only tell yon how sorry I am, how I have spent life cursing my blun dering asinine stupidity ever sinoe. But there is another thing. I feel bound in honor to tell you that I didn't become aware of the mistake ontil 1 had ran my eye down the tint page. You will netice rhere ia no be ginning. I turned to the signature for en lightenment, hut between the first page and the signature 1 did not read a word." Sellon burst into a roar of laughter— ap parently over the mistake, in reality as he realised bow quickly be would be in a posi tion to turn the enemy's flank. 44 My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells— eh? But you don't suppose I am going to share in your entertainment over this charming epistle.': Not much. Just oblige me wi:h a match." Wait, wait," cried the other. "Better read it this time— or, at any rate, as much of it as it was my misfortune to see." 44 R'm ! Well, here goes," said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the envelope, as though it would bqrn his fingers. 44 Quite eo," he went on, with a bitter sneer, run ning his eye down the sheet. 44 That's about enough of this highly entertaining document. The resc can be taken as read, like a peti tion to the House of Commons. That match, if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind yon, Selwood," he went on, Watching the flaming sheet curling up in the gxnte, 44 1 need hardly remind you how many men there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind you, either, tbat a considerable per centage of these are entrapped and defrauded into the conoern by lies and deception ' against wbiob it is next to impossible for any man to guard— at all events, any young man. When to this I add that there are women in this world who, for sheer, gratuitous, uniform fiendishuess of disposi tion could give the devil points and beat bim at an easy cantor, 1 think I've said enough for all present purposes." This is an awkward and most unplea sant business," said Selwood. 44 Excuse me if I feel bound to refer onoe more to that fetter. Tbe— er— writer makes reference by name to. Miss Avory, who is a guest in my house, and relation of my wife's— and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I oan." 41 My dear follow# thai 'a a little way of hers. I can assure yon I am most awfully pat out that you should h%ve been annoyed about the business. As to the mistake, don't give it another thought." 44 How' did Mrs — er— the writer — know Mis Atory was here?" This was a faeer— not so much the ques tion, us the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer implied tbat he, Sellon, had not met her there at Sunningdale for ibe first time. But he hoped the other might hot notice this aide of it. 44 That's beyond me," he answered. 44 How did she know I was here? For I need hardly tell you we don't correspond every mail exactly. I oan only explain It on the score tnat more people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows ; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood who hail from the old country, or have relations there, aud the postaite upon gossip is no higher than that npon business." You wl(;not inind my saying that it is B pity we did/not'know you were a married 44 4 Had been, yon should have said, hot were.' Not bpt what legally I am still tied ®P fast enough — chained and bound — which nae this advantage, that it keeps a man irom &U; temptation to make a fool cf himself a ecopd timeinhis life. Bull, it doesn't «ount otherwise" L .t- . 4 'No, I. suppose not," said the other, mgnificautly.- '4Ferhaps St doesn't keep a man from making a fool of other peprie. thouglu'Lr . ££!' "Now, my deer Selwood, what the very «eooe sre you driving at fj- For Neaven's Miaight and open with each "Well, I mean this. It's a most tin- pleasant thing to have to say to anv man. But, you see, Mies Avory is our guest, and a relation as well. You in set know as well as 1 ao that your attention g to her wore very — or— markod. " w One of those jolly Kughs which has so genuine a ring, and which Maurice knew speech wllca 1 /ring in, greeted this 44 Look here, Set rood," he said, 44 1 don't want to hurt your ' feelings, bnt the fact is, you don t unders' snd women m the least. You are quite on I tn wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory does shears the ghost of a straw for me, or my 4 attentions.' You must re- member that w» , both knew-er-tho same people in Enfrlp ad. There, yon must fill in ia k ,me' !'4 hCt ttt ,il>er'y to say more, out there wi tk\ be muoh time to put the matter iu tuu for | ve «ot eave yOU aeia to-moi rzve.1' l o Christ' jphw Sel wood's honorable mind no (soubt hii grated itself as to the geuuiue- ues tbi9 , explanation. There was a frank stralghtfor wardnees about it which, with a men of hi j character, wan bound to icil. He felt iuteo relieved. But to this feeling there sur seeded one of humiliation. Had he not mad e an inordinate fuss over the conoern at the s Art P Had be not raised £ veritable storm i ft the teapot, and set everybody by tbe ii mg for weeks ? Had he not iu his aoxie' y to unburden himself abdicated his 1 judgment in favor of the less re- habl' » oorision of his wife P In short, had he not made a consummate ass of hinweif all roui jd! Of oonrse he had. " 'By the way, Selwood, there is one thing A ' gfcat to tell you about now we are to- 8C tfeer," said Maurice, alter a pause. 14 You jix the others were asking about Fanning J ast now. The fact is, be is not with me, iut I couldn't say so without entering into further explanations, whioh would certainly have alarmed the ladies. We found our 4 Valley of the Eye1 all right, and a deuce of a job it wa. Pheagh ! I wouldn't eo on chat jaunt again for twioe the loot The Eye" in a genuine concern, I can tell you — a splendid atone. Fanning has got it. Well, we epent the day picking up & few other Stones, and just as we were clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or Korannas, or whatever tbey were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and tbeu we had to separate — to throw them off the scent, don't you see P We agreed to meet at hiB place— that is, if we were to meet anywhere again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it iu those infernal mouutains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show my nose in the daytime, aud didn't know the oountry well ouough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river, and eet through to Fanni tig's place, aud when I got there he hadn't turned up. Bat I found a letter whioh bad been sent by speoial messenger, requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal but important law business, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my share of the swag when it oame to dividing, for we hadn't bad. time to attend to thai then, and except a few small stones he has it all on him. It'll be something good, I guess. I dare say he's turned up at home again long before this. He was just laughing in his sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like tbat thinking to run him to earth. And be seems to know that awful oountry like A BC. I never saw such a fellow." That's bad news, Sellon, riehtbad news," eaid tbe other, shaking bis head. li Renshaw bas been all his life at tbat sort of thing, so we must hope he'll turn np all right. But — the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know." 14 Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope be will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from him almost directlv." We may be sure tbat in narrating his ad ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his experi ences of the undertaking, or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had under gone a very hard time before he had suc ceeded in striking the river at the dritt where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said, with breat-iless attention. Wheuever he looked up Marian Selwood's blue eyes were fired upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, bis story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. 44 A regular cross-examination, confound it !" he thought. And then, by way of a diver sion, he weot to fetch the few diamonds which be had kept apart to show as tbe sole result of the expedition. These were ex amined with doe interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alone ereated no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly-imported Briton — and to that extent a greenhorn ? It he oould find his way out and successfully dodge bis pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer snob as RenBhaw would fare any worse? So on the letter's aocount they felt bat small anxiety. Not so Marian, however. A terrible suspicion had taken shape within ber mind during Sellon's narrative. 44 He has murdered him," she repeated to herself during a night of sleepless agony — such as a strong oonoentrative nature will sometimes be called upon to undergo. But Bhe kept ber suspicions to herself — for the present at any rate. She was helpless. What could she do ? There was nothing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his do- Sarturo as he had announced his intention of oing, and the equanimity with which the oiroumatanoe was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on the previous evening, completely lulled any suspicions whioh might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mind ; confirming ae it did the other's frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told hi» all that bad transpired between herself and Violet. CHAPTER XXXVII. — FBOM THE DARK RIV&B;'S BBIKK. It was a weird picture. The grey rooks jotting forth into the evening stillness ; the spotted, creeping beast, gathering itself to gether for its deadly spring; the man, weakened, helpless, lying thereat its meroy. Even then, so strange are the fantasies that cross tbe human brain at tbe most critical moments— even then, with a kind of grim humor it flashed upon Renshaw Fanning how thoroughly the positions were reversed. Many a time had the spotted pard fallen a viotim to hia sure aim ; now it had devolved upon one of the feline race to give him his death Btroke. With bared fangs and snarling throat, the brute onoe more gathered itself to spring. But instead of barling itself upon the prey before it, it uttered a yell of pain, and whisking half round seemed to be snapping at its own aide. Its tall lashed convulsively, and a frightful roar escaped from its furry chest.' There was a faint twanging sound beneath, and agaiu something etxuok it, this time fair in the eye. Snarling hideouBly, the great beast reared itself up against tbe cliff, beating the air wildly with its formid able jpawB. Then Its . mighty bulk swayed, toppled over and fell crashing to tbe ground beneath. Thoroughly roused now, Renshaw peered cautiously over the ledge. But what he saw opened his eyes to the faot that this oppor tune, this unlooked-for deliverance, was more apparent than real. In escaping from one peril he had only tallen into another. Tbo huge oat was rolling and writhing in the throcB of death. lis slayer, an under- sizea, sDnveiicaoarDaiian.-was approaoning it -cautiously— a naked Koraana, armed with bows and arrows and spear. But oautionsly as Renshaw had >eeped forth, the keen glanco of the savage had seen him. Their eyes had met. He lay etill, thinking over this laet, this desperate chance. He was unarmed— praotically that is— for although he had a knife it wss not likely the enemy would come to suoh olose quarters as lo admit of its use. The latter with hts bow and arrows would have him at tbe most perfect disadvantage. He oould climb up to the ledge and finish him off at his leisure. For some minutes Renshaw lay still as death. Not a sound broke tho silence, not a voioe, not a footfall Perhaps, after all, he had been mistaken, and the Koranoa had not seen him. Or, more likely, the savage had , started off to call up his companions, who probably were not far distant. Was it worth while utilising his obances so far &b; to make one more effort to save his life, to 6trive to gain some other place of concealment before the whole horde came up ? Bui jost then a sound reaohed his ear — a faint, stealthy rasping- The Kor&nna; was already climbing up to the ledge. The mystcrou? shuffling continued. A stone, loosened by the climber, fell clattering down the rocks. Then thore was silenoe once more — and — A wrinkled, parchment-hued countenance reared itself up, peering round the elbow of the cliff. The yellow eyes stared a wild beastdike plentn, the black wool and protrud ing ears looking fiend-like in the falling darkness. His hour had oome. Moment arily he expected to receive the fatal shaft. Bnt it came not. After the head followed the squat, ungainly body, standing upright on the ledge, the sinewy, ape-like baud, grasping its primitive, but fatal, armament— the bow and arrows and the spear. But the bow was not bent, no arrow was fitted to the . string. 44 Allamaghtag I Myn Here Baas !" ' (Almighty ! My dear master?) Renshaw sat upright and stared at tbe speaker, and well he might. Was he dream ing ! The old familiar Dutch colloquial ism — tho voice I The eqnalid, forbidding -looking savage ad vanced, his puckered face transformed with concern. Renshaw stared, and stared again. Aod then he recognised tbe familiar, if unprepossessing, lineaments of his default ing retainer— old Dirk. The old Koranna rushed forward and knelt down at hiB master's side, pouring forth a voluble torrent of questions in the Boer dialect. How had he come there? Wbo had dared to attack bim 7 Those schehn Bosjesmenohen! (Rasoally Bushmen). He wonld declare war against tbe whole race of ihem. He would shoot them alL And so on, and so on. But, amid all bis obatter, the faithful old fellow, having dis covered where the wound was. had promptly ripped off Rensnaw'sboot. Yes, there it was — the poisoned puncture of the Bushman arrow — livid and swollen. For a moment Dirk contemplated it. Then he bent down and examined it more atten tively, probing it cingerly with his finger. The result seemed to satisfy him. "Nay, what, Baisje" — (Lit: "little master," a term of endearment)—44 you will uot die this time. The thick leather of the boot has taken off nearly all the poison, and tbe running you have had since has done the rest. Still, it was a near thing — a near thing. 'Magbtsag ! — if the arrow had pierced you anywhere but through the boot, you would have been a dead mail long since. Not this time — not this time." "And the tiger, Dirk?" said Renshaw, with a faint smile. 44 Yon are indeed a mighty hunter." For he remembered how often be had chaffed the old Koranna on his much vaunted prowess as a hunter, little thinking in what stead it Bhould eventually stand himself. "The tiger? Ja, Bass. I will just go down and take off his skin before it (rets pitch dank. Lie you here and sleep. You are quite safe now, Ba&e;, quite safe. Yofc will not die this time — 'Maghtaag, no !" So poor Renshaw sank baok in a profound slumber, for he was thoroughly exhausted. And all through the hours of darkness, while the wild denizens of the waste bayed and howled among the grim and lonely mountains, the little weazened old yellow man crouched there watching beside him on that rooky ledge, faithiully. so lovingly. His comrade— the wltite man — his friend and equal — had deserted him — had left him alone in i hat desert waste to die, and this runaway servant of his — the degraded and heathen savage— olung to him in his extremity, watobed by his side ready to defend him if necessary at the oost of his own life. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 