SO THE STORM PASSED. CHAPTER IX. Walter spoke with a passionate, convincing tone. honestly looking straight into the grey, angry face of his interlocutor with eyes that were as blue as the sky and sea they looked upon so often. Mr. Arnold never dreamed of doubting that, so far as he was concerned, his story was absolutely true, but as for the rest - " Forgive me," he said in an altered tone. " I begin to see you may have been as deeply wronged as I, but, may I ask what curious coincidence brought you here today ?" he asked, his face twitching nervously, his brows contracting once more. Walter Crane hesitated a second, then said in a low, troubled voice : " It is no coincidence, sir ; I am, in a sense the cause of today's misery. Miss Nell, the girl of whom we are speaking, saw and recognised me in the street last night, and saw that I recognised her, and of course, she knew her false position could not be concealed much longer." Mr. Arnold started and frowned a little, recalling the sudden faintness that had seized the girl on the threshold of the Ernstones' house, but he said nothing and the other went hurriedly on: " She hardly knew, I think, whether I was ghost or man; but she was sure that I came to denounce her." " And - did you ?" The question, spoken with startling fierce abruptness, brought the blood to the young man's face. For the first time his honest eyes dropped, for the first time he seemed to hesitate over his reply. " I - hardly know," he said at last in a low, shamed voice. " I was as mad as she, and for the moment my only thought, my only care was to escape from the sight of her, so shameful in her stolen grandeur, so dreadful to look upon in the beauty that might win any man to pardon her sin. Remember that for two long years I have been eating my heart out among the savages, who rescued me from death, and that a long and severe illness confined me in a colonial hospital, while frequent relapses kept me for very many months in a sick room ; that I had worked my passage home, dreaming night and day of Nell, dreading all things for her, poverty, sickness, death - but never, never, such a swindle as this. Oh, Nell, my Nell ! thank heaven that your father died." He bent his curly head till it touched the arm that rested on the mantelpiece, his strong frame shaken by the tearless sobs that he could not control. He had forgotten his errand, forgotten his companion, forgotten all things but the shame and agony that made a battlefield of his loyal and honest heart. If Mr. Arnold was touched or softened by the young man's grief, he did not show it. He listened with a sort of stern patience to the laboured gasping breath, then said quietly : " Have you seen, spoken, or written to her since last night ?" Walter Crane raised his head, a strong shudder ran through his frame, " Heaven help me, yes, I have seen her." "And urged her to confess, promised to plead her cause with me perhaps," the old man went on with fierce, self - torturing scorn. " But your advocacy is vain, sir. I have been duped and cheated too long, and now I swear -" " Oh, hush !" Walter Crane broke passionately in ; his face was white as a sheet of paper, his lips quivered like a girl's. " Oh, wait ! and at least hear all before you swear never to see or pardon the girl who is dying, who may be perhaps already dead." " Dead ! " Mr. Arnold repeated blankly, throwing out one hand to catch unsteadily at the nearest chair; "dead, dying ! in heaven's name what do you mean ?" " I mean that Eleanor Ratcliffe left your house this morning, urged on by late and vain remorse, and by the fear of me - of me, who would have died to save her the least pang - and though she little knew it, she went straight to her doom. " I saw her creep down the steps like a hunted guilty creature. " I had watched the house all night, sir ; for in some curious instinctive fashion I knew what she would do, but where she would go I could not guess." " I followed her through street after street, square after square, as she moved on with the absorbed air and mechanical precision of a somnabulist, northwards always northwards, with the same untiring step. At first the streets were all but empty, and I had much ado to keep out of sight, but they gradually filled, and as they did so I drew nearer and nearer, till at last I could have touched her as we stood together on the crowded pavement. " She must have seen me had she only turned her head. " But she never looked around until -" the young man paused drawing his breath hard and covering his eyes as though to shut out some terrible sight. " Until ?" Mr. Arnold echoed sharply, and the other with strong effort forced himself to proceed. " Until we stood together at the corner of the Hampstead Road, a crowded crossing, a starting place for tramway cars and omnibuses, a junction of roads where carts and cabs come from four different ways. As fate willed it, she looked straight into my eyes, and then with a wild hunted cry - Oh ! heaven help me - I can hear it now, rushed madly out into the road, and fell, struck down by a passing hansom, that came dashing up at that minute." Mr. Arnold sprang to his feet and caught the other savagely by the shoulder. " And you," he panted rather than said, " you did not save her; you let her die ? Oh, heaven ! it is too horrible." " I did my best," the young man answered sadly. " We took her to the hosplital, and there -" " Well, there ? You are driving me mad by your word fencing. They said that she was - dying ?" " They would tell me only that her arm and collar-bone were broken, and her head badly cut ; but from the doctor's manner - " " You inferred the worst," Mr. Arnold finished feverishlly. " Well, and you came to me because - ?" " Because it was right that you should know ; because I thought - I feared - i hoped - no that is wrong ; I dared hope nothing from you. Only that other Judge before whom she may soon have to appear could pardon such deceit as she has committed, such wrong as you have endured. I thank you sir, for hearing me so patiently, and for believing my word." He moved quickly to the door, but as he touched the handle Mr. Arnold's sharp, tremulous voice recalled him. " Stay sir; where are you going now ?" " Back to the hospital to her." " You do not mean then to turn your back on her and desert her because of her sin ? " " I ? " Walter Crane's blue eyes widened in a sort of a solemn, painful, wonder. " I ? Heaven forbid !" " Then why should I ? What right have you to limit my forgiveness ? " He spoke fiercely and irritably, but his words fell like sweetest music on Walter's ears. His cheeks flushed and paled, his breath came thick and fast, he could hardly stammer out his puzzled, halting disclaimer. " I did not think - I did not dare - " But the old man cut the broken utterance short. " You have forgiven her," he asked abruptly. And the other answered, with a half sob ; " How can I help it ? I love her so dearly, my poor, broken darling, my Nell." " And do I not love her ? Is it only the young who love ?" * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * And, after all, Nell did not die. For days the dark angel hovered with outstretched wings above the dreary hospital bed, and the doctors resolutely forbade all hope, though she herself, in the rare intervals of consciousness, passionately prayed that she might die, that she might never raise her shamed eyes to meet the reproachful gaze of those she had wronged, but creep into the shadow land and hide all her agony and vain repentance there. Slowly but surely health and strength came back. Death, taking hourly toll of life, calling the young, the hopeful, and the happy relentlessly away, passed by the girl who would have hailed him as her dearest friend, and gave her back to that existence that meant agony, to the scorn and hatred of those who were dearest to her in the world. So, for one maddened hour, she really thought ; and then - then, in a bewildering rush of joy that almost turned her weakened brain, she knew that her fears were groundless, that there was forgiveness even for her, that through the darkest hour of her dark and storm - tossed life the star of love had shone, still steadfast and still true. " Oh, let me die !" she had gasped in her weakness and weariness, turning from the familiar face with unutterable shame and dread. But Walter Crane held the thin, repelling hand in a close, tender clasp and Edward Arnold kissed the thin face, murmuring softly : " No ; live, my darling. Live for us who love you." "And you ? What am I to you ?" The faint, far-away whisper was hardly a question, it hardly reached Walter Crane's ears. He answered it less than the upward glance of the haggard, violet eyes, through which the girl's whole soul seemed gazing in an anguish of longing love. And he answered it best by the long, clinging pressure of his lips, for his words were almost sternly brief : " To me you are what you always have been, Nell, the one woman to live and die for, the one woman in the world for me." And so the Storm Passed, the clouds broke, and the sun shone for her, who stumbling from the direct path had wandered in the valley of the shadow, and almost passed from love and light into the darkness of eternal night. THE END. 