THE LION TAMER. CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) At last I found what I was looking for. I hold in my hand tho certificate of dentil of the child whose untimely removal had made Ralph Graviscourt a millionaire. Nothing was wrong about the certificate. Every form of law had been complied with. The cause of death was small pox. Tho signature of the physician attached was ' C. Sigmotta, M.D.' ' Well, I am nn infernal fool,' I said to myself, as I again started homeward, foiled in my attempt to stir up a tragedy, ' Really, I must learn to mind my own business. I have wasted an entire day trying to stir up ghosts that won't bo stirred. But hnving gone so far, I am going to take one step more, and find ont who ' C. Sigmotta' was. I never hoard of him, but it must bo all right, or the certificate would not have been accepted.' , Doctor Dinsmorc, the Secretary of tho New York Medical Society, was a friond of long standing. I felt that I could rely upon him, and was soon, at .his 'door.' He greeted mo cordially, and I had' no difliculty in tolling him what I wanted to know. Ho smiled, and proceeded to look over some old folios he had taken from a recess in his bookcase. ? After a fow minutes spent thus, he said : ' I find hero tho name of Charles Sigmotta as a member of our society fourteen — fifteen — oven twenty years ago. Ho does not seem to havo been prominent, but little mention being made of him, except tho fact that ho attended meetings. I barely recall tho name, and do not recollect tho man. But there is no doubt ho wns a physician in good standing. He is not a member now. Wait. Ah, here it is ! | Ho resigned thirteen years ago. Where he is now, I do not know.' ' It is not important,' I said. ' What I wanted to know is this: sixteon yoars ago documents — say death certificates — signed by him would bo above suspicion, would thoy not P' ' To tho bost of my knowledge and belief, thoy would,' replied Doctor Dinsmoro. ' I know of nothing that indicates to the con trary.' Having onco moro hnd my suspicions laid to tho ground, I thanked tho doctor and hur ried homo. I hnd finished with Graviscourt, but not with Nita Barlotti. The impulse to seo her again was too strong to bo controlled, and that evoning I ngain occupied a box in Madison Square Garden. The programme was exactly tho samo as it had been boforo, but I folt no interest in tho opening act. Even tho lion-tamor failed to amuse, thono-h I could not holn boinc charmed by tho massive beauty of tlio man. But I was there to soo Nita Barlotti, and I sat impationtly until it camo hor turn to appear. J3ut now I was doomed to a disappointment that was keen in tho same measuro as my former ongorness. Instead of Barlotti, there appeared on a small balcony, near tho band stand, tho samo greasy, mean-looking Italian, who had led tlio trapo/.o quoon away on tho night of hor successful dilml. Ho wns flashily dressod, this Italinn, in tho stylo of a man fond of display and dovoid of good taste. His clothos woro loud and flaunting. Ho woro diamonds of prodigious si/.o. Ho was his own ideal of a successful circus owner. Of that thoro could bo no doubt. This croature bowed low to the audionco that had poured thoir silvor into his coffers, and in a thick voice said : 'Ladies and Siiuntivicmans : IthaP bccomo my sad duty to form you dat you vill bo dis appointed groat dis ofening- Do bright star, do von shining jowol, of dis groat aggroga te- onu of mammoth attract/owe*, will .not bo nblo to appear boforo you disefoning. Signorina Barlotti haf boon suddonly takon ill, and my regard for dis young lady is so groat dat I haf insisted dat romain quiet under do caro of a doctairo, until bIio haf fully reoovorod, _ I know, my dear frionds, dat you will sympaskc wi/- our favourito trapeze quoon, and will boar in good part dis groat dis-appointmont. ( And vill assure you dat Signorina Barlotti is sad, and sonds my rogrot dat sho ib not able to attend dis bfoning. But if she is bottor to morrow ofening, so dat it vill not do hor any harm, don, nrnybo, I. will allow hor to como onco moro and gif your ploasuro. My frionds I thank you.' Bowing again, tho Italian disappoarod. ' 'I had boon, porhaps, tho most eagorlistonor in that vast audionco, and was cortainly tho most disappointed. I. had half, rison in my placo whilo Maligni was speaking, nnd was wntohing him through my glass. Standing noar him, I saw Maubikook, olad in ordinary garb, and! a fi»°r Bpooimon of man I novor saw. Tho lion- tamor stood firmly on both, foot, his nvms woro Coldod and his head was bont as if listening to tho spoakor. On his handsomo faco thoro was an intonso look — ine brow was stovn, his oyos _ cold and monaoing, his lips slightly ourvod in a sneer ing smilo. Whon Maligni had finished, Maubikook shrugged his shoulders and walkod away. ? 'JIo lovos Barlotti,' I said tomysolf, 'and ho lovos hor as fow mon lovo, or havo tho powor of loving. Somo day, if Barlotti should roturn that lovo, thoro will bo a clash, a crash, and Homebody's blood will bo npillod . And as botwoon Maubikook and Maligni, I would not givo muoh for tho lattor gentle man s ohivnoos. I did not tarry long. With a fooling of koou disappointment, I loft tho Qardon and wont to my hotol, As I was fjoing up tho stairs to iny room I mot Major Simmons coming down, 'Woll, wall!' ho said, sowing mo and turning mo round under tlio olootrio light, ' What tho dotiao has Impponod to you, boy P You arc not givon to suddon disappearances that worry your frionds. Hxplrtin why you i .... i._ J.I ? 1..I, T /inmn Ir, una If navo noii uuuu i.u wiu uiux. ^ vu-mv *- you woro 111.' . ' I was touohod by thiH ovidonoo of friend ship on tlio part ol! a man so many yoars my Bonior, and shook his hand gratofully, ( ' I am woll, major, Ootno baolc with mo and sinolco a cigar wlulo I toll you all about it.' Tlio rosolvo to unburden myself to my kind friond had aomo to mo suddonly. It Boomed to mq that I noodad a confidant, and thoro woro only two mon in Now whom I was oloso onough to talk about this matter, and of thoso tho major was suroly tlio safest and host ablo to advise, Tho blundoring Dil kins was not tho man to bo intrusted with a Husniolon tho moro breathing of whioh would undoubtedly oaufio a Hooial Vesuvius that would onvo'lopo tho fash ionable world o£ Now York. ' The major accompanied me baok to my rooms, and I turned on the light, I had comfortable quarters, even elegant, I wns not a millionaire like Graviscourt, but my in come was sufficient to enable me to occnpy my present quarters, keep a team of horses, and dress in the prevailing fashion, leaving still a fashion for travelling- books, or any expenditure for luxuries in which I might wish to indulge. I occupied two rooms — ono a bed-room- and the other a large handsomo room in which I had placed the most com fortable furniture I could get. And tho room was made larger still by an alcove opening from it, in which there was a well-filled book case,' a huge lounge, and, in a good spot by the window, a desk. It was not my habit to keep a stock of cigars in my room, because I was seldom there when I wanted to smoke, and I found that the last cigars in a box that had dragged out its last days in my. room was ajit to be dry and cracked, and the flavour greatly injured. I rang for a night waiter, and ordered some cigars of a brand that I knew the major liked, and also somo wine. These comforts of a bachelor's lifo having appeared, tho major lighted a cigar, and ensconced himself comfortably in a largo arm chair, resting his head on the high back, and throwing ono leg over the other, settled into a lazy position. 'Now go on,' ho said, 'Tell mo what you havo boon doing, and where you havo been hiding all day.' ' I have turned ghoul,' I said, half laughing and half earnestly. ' I have become addicted to tho very reprehonsiblo habit of turning up graves.' Tho major looked at mo gravely for a moment, puffing energetically at his cigar, while I did the samo at mino. ' That is bad business,' he said, after tho pause. ' In tho first place, it is dangerous. Yon aro liablo to bo caught and sent to prison, and another thing, you might contract diseaso.' j ' Yes — smallpox, for instance,' I said. ' Ah ! I did think you were joking,' said the major, ' but now I begin to seo light. Iiow many nights havo you spent in your new enterprise of body-snatching, and whom havo you snatched P' ' Nono,' I ropliod. ' My ghoulish oxploits aro confined entirely to tho hours of day.' 'You (ire reckloss. Still, I must say I admivo your courage. But you havo only answered part of my question.' ' Oh, I liavon't snatched any hody, really. I am in a sort of resurrection business.'.' ' Don't you think you might bottor leave that to Gabriol ? Thoso things are mnnagod bottor at headquarters, you know.' 'Pshaw ! You know woll enough what I mean. I won't beat about tho bush anv longor ;' and I thorcupon told him all that I had done, loaving out no dotail. Whilo I was speaking, tho major looked at mo gravely, and whon I had finisliod, ho merely blew his cigar smoko into the air and said nothing. 'I couldn't liolp it,' I said, in apology. ' That story of yours about tho lucky uncle, and tho remarkable similarity in tho faces, loft an impression that I could not shako off. Nor could I resist, tho impulso to investigate. ' 'Nor I.' ' You.' I jumpod from my chair in oxcito mont. ' You!' ' Yos. When Graviscourt hold that photo graph in his hand, I dotectod evidences of agitation in his mannor. Tho impression tho wholo thing gavo mo wns vory like yours — tho impulse tho same. This morning I rose early and visitod Trinity Comotory. In tho after noon I visitod 301 Mott Stroet, tho Buroau of Vital Statistics.' ' And wore disappointed — or — ploasod — at finding just what I found,' I said j ' that everything was all right.' ' I saw just what you saw,' said tho major ; ' and had it not boon for a oliance mooting, I would havo roaehod tho samo con clusion that you havo.' My broath was coining hard from mo now. ' Woll ?' I gasped. ' Whon I loft 301 Mott Street, I saw Graviseourt's carriago. Thinking it a strango coinoidonco that ho should be in tho vicinity, I followod it, It stoppod beforo ono of tho most miserable places in tho Italian quarter. In tho lower portion of tho building was a dirty-looking drug storo. Ovor tho door was tho sign, (L. Tortoui.' I saw Graviscourt got out of tlio onrringo aud ontor the drug storo. I lnxrriod past, hoping to get a look into tho window. I was not disappointed, I saw tho propriotor groot Q ravisoourt as an acquaintance, and thoy wont into a baok room. Whon I roturnod tho aarriago was still thoro, and a woman was in rittondanoo in tho storo. Tho conforonoo botwoon Graviscourt and Tortoni was a long ono.' 'Thoro is cortainly Bomothing in tho wind,' I oxolaimod. ' Thoro is — thoro is — I am certain of it. What do you think P What do you adviso P' ' Wo must inovo cautiously. Evon yot thoro may bo somo hideous mistake, and a falso movo would put us in an unpleasant position. But thoro is Homoth'ng. I havo not told you tho most important faot.' ' What is it P' I asked. ' If I am not mistaken — I may bo, bocauso dissipation ohangos faces — but if I urn not mistakon, L. Tortoni is no other than Doctor Ohnrlos Sigmotta, Graviseourt's old friond.' ' Sigmotta P' I oxolaimod.' 'Tho man who signod tlio doath certificate of tho Gravis court child P' ' Tlio samo,' This iiowb was so overwhelming that I sat silontly smoking for sovoral minutos. In faot, but li'ttlo moro wiib Baid by olthor of us. After a fow minutos, tho major roaohod ovor, poured himsolf out somo wino, drank it, and took his hat as if to go, I saw him to tho door, and, promising to moot him at tho Lotus Olub tho following day, I ? roturnod to my room, whoro I throw mysolf down on llvo oovioh 111 tho alcovo, utterly lost in tho bowi't- ! dorlng Bonsations that tho Major's story hud', aroused. ('I'd 1m uonthmml,). Tho tiumbi'rnt' deposition) In bho l-lnaHnh l'»ont..Onioo Savings Bank Ineveimocl from tt, COO, 000 in 1881 tn 0,100,000 In 1801'. Tlio Inoriianod munliut- was not made up of poramin dcponltlng largo sums, but of small investorn doposltlug siimll hiiuih. Tho Frnnoh military authorities nrn dontlrlorlng tho adoption of tho oulratm In aluminium tn protect cavalry troopers from sword and lanm-., '''lie object to bn abtalnod In the yroat.ost powor of voslslanto combined with the greatest llghtmmn. ? A baker bargained with a waif of a palnlmr for iv sign to rowl 11 l?lon ari'd oaken Hold horn,' Notlulng n largo orowd of mon In front of his whon. laughing heartily, ho Inquired I ho oauno and loolciutf buw In big blnolc letters ' Pi'/, on onlcoa aold horo, 