THE BIBLE CHRISTIANS, NEW CHURCH AT URAIDLA. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. THE LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR \- ' OFFICIATES. [By our Special Reporter.! The township of Uraidia. which is situated in 0116 of oIig prettiest portions of the lulls, may be termed' a Bible Christian village, as nearly all its inhabitants belong to that body. Nevertheless, they had never been-able to collect sufficient, funds to build a denomina tional church there, and during the past eleven or twelve year's services have been conducted in the institute. During that time the idea of having an edifice of their own lias been often "mooted, and subscriptions have been collected for the purpose. A few months ago it was thought that sufficient funds had been raised to start building a ■church; so the "laud was purchased and work was commenced. The late Rev._ Jarnes Way was well known and much loved in theUraidla district, so it was thought that on account of the good work he and his son had done it was only fitting that his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor should be asked'to lay the founda tion-stone of the church. His Excellency readily complied with this request, and Tues day, July 9, was fixed for the ceremony. The time for laying the foundation-stone was 3 o'clock,' aiid accordingly at 1.30 yesterday afternoon his Excellency left Government House for Uraidia. Although the weather was cold the travellers, being well wrapped up, had a most. enjoyable drive through the hills. The Green Hill at the pre sent time seems very appropriately named, as all the trees are burstmg into green, and grass and foliage are all of the same tint. The splendid pair of greys took only an hour and a quarter to reach Uraidia, and ou arrival there the village was'found en fete. All seemed to have taken a- holiday, and a large crowd was assembled about 200 yards from the centre of the town, and opposite the spot where the church'building had been started. The local brass band struck up the National Anthem ou the arrival of his Excellency, aud immediately afterwards the proceedings began. The Rev. W. H. Gann, who will be m charge of the church, handed the Lieutenant-Governor a trowel, Which was the handiwork of the scholars of Way College, and his • Excellency in laying the foundation-stone, said—" In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, for the glory of God and for the good of mankind, I declare this stone to be well and faithfully laid." As the ground was very damp underfoot and rain was-threatening, an adjournment was then made to the institute, where a short service was held. • After devo tional exercises, during which the Rev. E. Gratton offered prayer, , Mr. Canx said a church was bacily needed at Uraidia, as for the past eleven years Divine service had been held at the Institute. Under the foundation- stone had been placed a copy of The Advertiser and the Bible Christian Monthly, and a document which read thus:— : The foundation-stone was laid by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, 8. J. Way, Esq., D.C.L., ou July 0, IS'Jo. The Rev. 1V. H. Caim is the pastor or the circuit; the. trustees are Messrs. R.. Collins, T. Dyer, and E. llawkc; treasurers, T. Oliver aud R. Collins; overseers of the work, James Phillips and T. Dyer; builder, IV. AVickliaui. The Rev. IV. T. Penroseis the president or the Conference, arid the Rev. J. Collings secretary. There are in the connexion 36 ministers in full work, and 6 superannuated; 218 local preachers, 135 churches, 10 other preaching places, sittings 19,326, members 3,797, Endeavorers 1,C9G, teachers. 965, scholars S,23G. In this circuit there is one minister, 17 local preachers, 9 churches, 1,360 sittings, 203 members, 58 Endeavoreis, 53 teachers, and 403 scholars. • Mr. J. Phillips read the secretary's report, which set out that the land on which the church, was to he built had been purchased from Mr. T. Dyer, and measured; 70' ft. to the main road and 00 ft. deep. Arrangements had been made to borrow £100 at 5 per ceiit., which sum it was thought would be sufficient, as so mncli labor was given. Up to date every thing had been paid for, including land, stone, windows, etc., and the treasurer-had ISs.'in hand. When built the church would be 33 ft. long, ' 21 ft. wide, and 15 fk high inside measurement, and would seat about 150 people. It was expected that the church would be opened in about three months. ■ His Excellency, who was heartily wel comed, said he was extremely, glad to be present, and in fact was always thankful for an-opportunity to visit their'beautiful hills. He did /'not think that anyone having the slightest sense of the beauties of nature could go" there without agreeing that there, were few places where people' could live in greater health and happiness than, about the. slopes at the* foot of Mount Lofty. The neighborhood presented a scene of comfort that could not be surpassed in any part of the world he had visited. It; was a great privilege for him to have had the opportunity of assist ing in a humble way in laying the foundation stone of the Bible Christian Church at Uraidia. They would all doubtless be conscious of the fact that that -day they had laid the foundation for all time of what they hoped would he a prosperous aud happy commuuity. One of the duties in establishing a new community was to make provision for the worship of God. That duty had been done in South Australia without the assistance of a State church, and he thought there were few places in the world better supplied with the ineaus of worship and • reli gious instruction than in the settled districts of this colony. They probably knew that he was born into tlie Bible Christian Church, and he loved it more than any other. He rejoiced in the success of other Christian Churches, and was glad to help in any other branch of the Church Catholic as far as he could to show his sympathy, and to give such assistance as was in his power to help their work. He had great pleasure in being present that.day, because in laying the foundation stone he was enabled to identify himself with the work of his honored father." If he was of some slight assistance that day be also was oh August 5, 1S51, when I10 ac companied his father, the late Rev. .Tames Way, to the district, and stayed the night with Mr. and Mrs. Dyer. His father preached then in an old paling church, which was the only nlace of worship in the district. His Excellency occupied about fifteen v minutes in- giving chatty reminiscences of the olden days and the people whom he had then met: These were listened to with the greatest interest by the old inhabitants of the town. He said' he felt thankful that the work commenced , by his honored father had become permanent, as was shoivn by the fact that where there was then one small chapel there were now 10 substan tial places of worship attended by- hundreds of people: He would greatly prize the trowel which had been presented , to him, as it was the gift and workmanship of the boys of Way College.' There was no way in which his father's name could have been better kept or in-a manner for which he would have felt more- grateful than by the establishment of an institute of learn ing.. Way College was one of the bestand most successful schools in South- Australia. He had experienced great pleasure that day in again meeting his old pastor, Mr. Cann, a more useful- "minister than whom they did not possess. During his three or four, years' pastorate of the Adelaide church he had a measure of success which had never been sur passed in the history of the denomination in South Australia. He would like to remind them that they had a duty to perform. It was a line thing to make provision for themelves in the erection of a place of worship, -but people sometimes forgot that the place was a house of God, and that there should not be a sixpence of debt on it. He would not say it was not justifiable to build a church until provision for the cost was entirely made; but there should be a reason able prospect of the cost being liquidated without it being a.burden.on the neighbor hood. The present building would cost about £300 in cash and labor, and up to date about SiOO had been subscribed in labor and money. They would require to borrow £100, so he would ask them to be as liberal in their dona tions as possible. On the motion of Mr. T. Olive it, seconded by Mr. K. Collins, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded his Excellency for being present that afternoon. A tea and public meeting and sale of goods followed, and the proceeds, With the collection, which included handsome donations from his Excellency and Mr. J. Phillips, will help con siderably towards clearing ( off the debt. During the evening the choir, under the con ductorship of Mr. J.' Phillips, sang several anthems. 