Ar INTERESTING STORY. ITA'S MYSTERFY. By Ella Chieveor Thayor "That musat lho it!" anlled Harry. " I can't expllain it tluy ,tlier way," anid Mlis? Flalee. " IWaeln it arte, thugh,l, that the picturo had made so great nn im prensioni on Iome. She glanced at himt archly nlsilhespoke, and laughed-the tinkling laugh ]IFrank roemembered no well. "I anl greatly ialtored, at all events," le said. " I hopll I lhiiv' also made a sufticienot inmplression for you to give met a few wnltron,." *A row r Yolu are amo nluneoe, mr. Lorrainl. One, lurhaps." I Sit hlinded im heliar card, adil ha wroteo his nidaoin the only vlleant pIlace.. 'helln Harry claimed lihur, and they dancud away. Ba, sur and comue back to. me, Ita," Mlins lMeade called after tlhem. . Ital Then it was liher i:aul I Its Fales I lie hand the wholo nante now, at least. But .who was Arthur St. Chlir 1" The last was a question which began to take a unplleoaani t pirominieInce in his mlind. Cu(jld' it lie .ao,was privately n:irried toi the tiua, whehi, for iounio renaon, he had booen s a altrtigly called upon to personato? Frank did not likd the idesn. Ilo fancied it still loss when, having led her out for the proanlisd waltz, the fair hair ahnnost touilhd Ilia breast, and the coquettiash face was very near his own,. Thu dance was tihe llst blefore inter. missibu, and as Ithu lluaio cUased lrank whirled his partner out into the con. sorvatbry. " Tho supper room will libe cro'wded now- lot us rest hero awhile," Itheo said, leading liher toward a socluded seat under ait oranllgo plan?t. "You have such adreadfully authorita. tive way with you that I intst needs obey," Its responded, in a lightlysarematic toneo. "You itroanistakun. I nesureyoui lanm very mlook, anld Calable of being domlineeord over ill tle nost shameful Iannler. I could prove that to you by an explerienro I onIC had." Frank seated himself by her side its he spoke. "Tull ni-e whlueiti waa tlloll I will, decide," sth moid, slyly studying his lhand sonic features. " That I cannotl do. It is a secret which I hlavr reveanled to no onite." " Ilow iprovoking of you to mention it, and ariaou iimy cu.iriosity all for nottling I It ras very rTelantie, of coursu ?" " Thlik fth e itost roianttie adventulre you ever lu.it anti I enil match it with mnitel,"roturniud FLlanlk, watching lier inll tenltly to see if the words broughlt the recollection hle tholught to awaken. Appllarently they did not at first, but presently ashe broke into a little laugl', whlile a rpeculiar Uepression ciami into hIur eyes. " 1 doubt it. I had one ones that no thing could miatch." " Let us conmpareo notes," he said, loan ing over lher eagerly. Shllu shook lher head. "i Oh, noi I [ilit is fair too norious." "Serious I" lie eclhoed. "Mino was iliito- flo contrary.* Oani't wo.llatke i tlilrgal to oxOlchuge confidences some tiao?" " Itpossiblot But you might tell ilse yours, that I coull be aure it was really, natually romantic. There was a lady in it, of course ?" " Oertailly, slnd a very boneatiful one." Its trilled with liar fan as though not entiroly pleased with this answer. She tarndo nsome gly commelnolt, howorver, and a conversatio in thie samle strain followed, oil different tonics, whiclh Frank wila very cltrry to lihave iintrrupttd by Miis Mnoeadu anl several frielnds ii seoarch of Ita. The latter wont away with ianiifest roluthuice, and looked back to alnilo brightly at Frank. lie ihovered aboutt tior vininity thu re. niainder of the eveoling, altlollugh finldintg fewV oltporlunitirs io tay aniythlitg fartlher. But hli Ind tlileasuir of taking her to the carriage, and received a goodlniglht semile front undiern blul hood, whlichll mlade her look mlore bowitchinlg than over. It was not ultnntural, under the .ll ir cuinsolnces, that after thlis unexpected meeting Frank's thoughts were i.lled with the chanring, puzzling Its; anil surlmises of the itysteroy which now, mIle than be. fore, intoresrtd hliml, and reawakened hIis ourlosity. lie went everywhere that tlhoro was a possibility of meo;ing hlr, and loon so plrogressed itt the nequaintatnce that lie became a frequent caller at lier home. It Ioegan to be remarked before long that the society of other ycmung ladies Iha lust tll chlrit fur F}rank Lorraine, and that Ita's colour changed at hIls ,approacli " It's no use," Ilarry M'ieado said to hiti ono day. " [ was going to fall itn love wvith lie Fileas inyolf, but it is. evident we all imust yield to you, so I might ns well do it with ia goold ;raco." " \'llhtt do you miealitl" Frank questioned thrtln g. "' What do I ean ?" lauglhed nflrry. " W'll, that la cool I There's Ino satius in tollying it, old boy i nay ela usu see you Ira ltead il lovte with liar, and, sd though it be, 'tis true that she slights every onie foryOu," "Nolutenasl" ol.elnlinled leFrank, hasltily, stll getting very rod, "1 illa actuated by optiruly diffl'erent inotives, lharry. Sonte tillto, purlulls, I can tell you." '"In wedding cards aintl cakol" retorted U ary, slhaking hils head knowingly, ase li dl rted away up' hlte strett. 'rank lacres aflor Ihn a stimoiient then went on his way thollghtfiully. llarry's hulf stingll, half serious words hanl aroautl asotie Illthtertto dIlirmtantL coil noalusnisa wiithiit lihnielf, aili l fromn thit? tla hilts itainter ehlnlllgel. Ile was pro ccupledl, lInd, singiilar onoiigh in tile gay, ltihthil.leiirted yuling itiii oltetn ii fInut, liu cltuld ini Itinger uoncasl irlmlll lia n tult slfecrrillniy Ihe Ilacilinitillo iit Itnin ltullted for tltim, tnd ulthat, haid ihe iiOt hier willeltit thit irivhiieu kitiuwaiulgO uof otinn ctrainl a ietaeril siulrrlltinlllug liiIr tie stllllll hIlothived I hirer wih aii l it hllrtt. utht to it wl , he t slltit ut'm tier il lucllh lmliihll is, Thie siii)'tiry iiiight eLLt a rhint efnit Villit . 'itiliily, fry i whig , li e ktlitw itf it, sttiihhit g it niim t t whihhi truehded tihe t tsuibility itt hir ihumiinilil.i h t'h iit i ,rn 'i r w wt llit I ,rt ditrii ai whalt, Iian tl ? lr iw ?l is i' t relllly Iiao rihl f l ' l l 1, I ? i ut hit hhn't ll It hl iinlUlllll 1(ln~ o wvhy had it botnl uIlntrtty I, ThieInI w rInitI IlIIqu tla siit Ill V, rtah ItItItIii rolitht iii ni lint iwii itll yi It in Ith u \tr. iidit f tih I lat t utieu l thiut t s liii tol gin iiln ll?ul lt It Iniii l wli-lll i 1i +[ iilnon o Igillliiniliw hll, waisi timpii ih i hI ll hie r ti t tlry l h in , tl tlo i lt I) it 'ln lth '\l iti ii ,i lthal thi(Iorn wi )lr lilw lonly ,I f'Iot \l ,ll ll sie lll t Ill l ll o llilt li tli tI meet hiiu agslili t the old elhirhl, llid lie wa, 1anxious :lo sBO i. aliho would keep her word. Wlhat would then happen hie did not dare think;. Hea could hold no bright antiiciliutini oft'ie future, however. ?:'loeanwhile, he didnlot censo hli visits to her wIo had brcoino tleo sourno of so fascinalion in being near her wlich lie could not resist. .. APTER III. 'One day ho found tHarry Mtende and lit sister with lior. Frank could not be blind to tle blush that greoted himn on It'sfnirfaco, and it set his heart throbbing wildly. Aa if to no for the involuntarily bh. traynl, !lli ilnnioidintoly roaumed her cionverantioi with Mins blondo, taking little apparent notice of Frank. T''hey were talking of cholol daya. " Ono is always longing for tllen to be over, yot, when they are, ono look hback to themn with regret," said Blia Mltidou. " I was terribly aorry to louvo the soilinary and tle girls," anid Its. " Soniu of tliein I shlll never seo ngain." ' " It mniat have boonl a pokey place way offI there," naid Mias Menade. l "M ny I ask wlloro you woront school?" asked Frank quickly. As Io had aisuiected ahol would, Itu mniontioned lile town and State wlero their first peculinrinterview had occurred. Hiad slh helon at schuol all tle tilme, lio wondered junlously. WisitthoroArthur St. Clair lived ? " It wasn't pokey at all," Ita resumed, to Miss Muido. " We used to have splendid tinnca. Thl only thing I didn't like was Alico Wold's airs. Slio was Iiy chief rival and dearest foe." "And is this your only unpleasant ionlory 1" naked Frank, looking at licr intently. I" 1 can't say even this is that," Ita answorod, glanoing tip at hii, and than down again qnicckly. '"Wlhen on lias beeu victor in a baltle, it is not a din. agreeable remembranco, is it?" Slio laughed" gayly as alo naked tle quonlion. " Not a hit of it," said Harry Moado. "Itgoes without siying, though, hint you (liatancod Miss Wull. lint I ldloe, Mltis Fales that there was no young anInl in tho aaso." IIta's chiokediniplcd milchievously, and t her eyes twinkled. " You intint not ask too niany ques. lions, Mr. Menldi," sho said with a roguish glaicne SDUoibtle»n yoursclf, thin Miss Wold, anlld the you.lg iiIan hlont whlom no iqtaCliolns iiist be nskeil, are the chiof iligredienti inl that rinnintic exporienco which you tllilnglit would Inatci milinle I" Frank buralt uit, in a palon of uncontroll. able nnger and jonloully. Ito gavn a quic k look It Iis disturbed cointeunaiic, nnd it seuiled to afford her sonan ground for aanliafction. lier ilimiples deeponodl as siho replied doeinlroly, " What a good gueasor you aro, Mr. Lorraiue 1" Frank bit his lip, and wlilo Iarry nlnd lis rister were basioging helr for all accolint of this roiiitnnce, snid silo will laughliingly refuriing to nny another word, he withdrew to a window in no enviable state of mind. There could nou longer he any doubt about it. SIho ICs entiirely unwortlhy I Not only did eho hIave a history that would not heur invostigation, bui sleo was a heartless coquetto as well. Why had he nllowed ninnself to beconi so in fiituated, kniowing what he did of her hidden pal t ' Would lo have the graco to be nalitaned wenloi alho found rwhat lh know, or would slio nnilo still, as if froo from guile? Something Harry Moedo wae saying intorrupted thlse bitter refloctions by catcling Iis attention. larry was just bu giniing to practico law, and was no thiing if inot loegal. "One lih to be very careful in that Slate," was Ilis remnark, jestingly aondo. "Thl y have Bsrt of jumping-over-thu brooisntick lawathlroe." " Wliat do you inenil?" Ita inquired unsuspiciously. "OhI, only ooln is liable to find hlimself married beforo he knows it I" laughod Ilurry. Irnnkalisltenied eagerly. A slight saade of nnxioty crept over tin's bright face as sale naked trunulously, " How cnal that be ? What is the law ?" "Don't lo lnarmiod, Miss Fales. You are all right, unless you hanve beeo no lknowledging soinobody on yu.nr hubabnd bufore witncasoe." Frank nttlred nil oxclainntion. It hald grown palo, anld Ironibled ; but with an effort to concieil theso traces of oinotion salo asked carelessly, " Why, wlh.t would napOpen if I-if any body had ldone that I" - "ilinply, if elchl a clilnii wn innado by eithlor iparty, It would be a logal lnar.' ri go." - Ita tried to force her white lips to sinilo. " How singular I" sio naniaged to Tilnon her eyn mot thoseo of Frank, wlich wore flied Iuponl hr eagorly, inti tottering backward alio flol in n awloni. Aliass Atenlo slprog and lifted her, while I Frank iouredl out it glanas of water, iand sprinkled her forluhoad. Inn a iiiolient she revived, ald, aflor the first bowihlornienlt, expressed hereulf noi wholly unnble to so. count for her indilpostition. iblio avoided glaucinig Il Frant'i illtiroc tion, nld thoulgh alttonutllting to nolppur ai usual, Ilho iffort wna percoptible. Thei two younlg iuen n, loon1 took their leavr, Mlins lundlo reliinnlilig. "Curiona she slhoold lave lalnlotd nt that plarticular iiiinlnt wasn't it I" ialid lHarry, when they weero tlit of Ihanrilil. "It wotulil nliiosut ,linako llun iaslpect Ihnt ello hail boun up itn hioinetlihitg l theI kind." " It wanl inuro c)incllidnlloc, al oillrase," anail l'mrak, hrllly. " I i mpitanl it mullst IhIIvO btillt, fur I hIive htil'i htI r ltny they wairt viry strict iiiirry." " \Vhat in his nato '/" ald l rank, "i lhn, alhI l ilil. lllit ll tn t hu jIalu'I 1, h i.y it y ninti.c hr and c it it I ni i lrlv ', ' l l i i dlil »iil' ll Ih " Il il' i rl As tlollllias u' n tlli IIhi I |,r iilik i irLti| frmLln hin i nil ( p ii , a d w tlllWllI houIlsil v'with inII, h n iin, I t ii' wh l ti l i'l. lit IWi it Ilute IIlIItht hsi Iwr u i n ,hichii ? ii hL d call hll ] h i r h iihn lald hiu| hih t maiinI all hi, pllaiils hn t wihlly, rIIr hllli I Thousell il'l ryilol, I a llrl| di, iO 'l vlp 'Pr, an itllh Ill lt hie conli nol t hia, Ihli ,ttrainil ollhh llljl l, . I,'ilrll ll ll ,nlyI th e well h r el'll nlllly i few I ayn morL1i Iiibil'O hlefo (riI i )'1r111' wtlli hle tlu thit wouild she kt'lil her mre.tl' ln wonlido'ed, OHAPTER IV. CMliss Meade settled tle latter dooibt for Ihim. Front lier he learned that Ita was about to py a visit to an old schoolmato who lived nl the saino town whore the ecinlllary wats. Tl'uiuIImph1 t over this informationi, and yt iruoflutdly miserable, Frank went to bidl her good-bye befiro her departure. He 11 ad not seen iher sines o the day lto so suddenly faintled, and whell she entered the parlor wliheol he waited he wnoo sur prised aund touched by the clhange ill herl ppiearauce. Tlhe bright, joyous expres sion at which hio had so ofttn secretly cavilled, Iooatuso of its seoming itcon sistoncy after what had happenlled, nowt ilad given place to oiho anlxi,ous and snd, such as Ito had felt ought to bie upon her face. Yetlle was sorry to see it, now it' really was there, and lise doullts, somlle way, mollted before it, lea: ing a Ilood of tendernees it Ilia henrt. . i. Slhe did uot look at him as sle enotlored, biut dowtoward, nndl tsi norvous nod un like lior bright, vivacious stlf. I " You are going away, I hear ?" said' Fiank, after n few comitainuplce remarks hald passed betwooeen them. "Yeo," was liher low rosponeo,o. '"I llvo to mkeo a preomised visit to a dear: ichdo ofriend, Bertio Snow.'! J Firaik woll remembered Ili nanme, "nnd thtought of wtizoned little fMiss Sotew with her tears Inid emotion. Vlhat a muddle it all wts I "I hop thalint yoea will enjoy it very luch," Ihe atid, after a moment, linding nothing better to oxpreos. She pulled the lacu on lir d rcs nuneasily, while sohe responded,-. "Tllhank you; One never can tell what may occur, you know." ioe mloved a little nearer on tihe sofa whero both wore sitting.', . " 1 trustyou havo no real reason for any serious approlluionin I" -" " Ah I Ido not know that I have;"she answered. Then he saw liher lip -quiver and a lear steal down her chlok. -At this Ihe forgot evorytling except that lihe loved liher, andi suddenly graspiig tile troltblilng w-liite Ihand in hlls, exolailned ilipotuously,- " You are in some trouble. Tell nitn- let mo Ielp you I You need fear nothing,' for 1--" "No, no l" sRh interrupted, starting away from him.- "I call tell you least of nill Do not ask me what itis. Lotus Sty good-bye, and-nud do not blaios .wmo for a*nything." She looked tp at him for the fibr ttito since his corning, and ns her eyes Umet the' entreaty and teldernless il his brown olnen nouin responsivo expression Ilashed into lher own. 'ihan, flashinrg crimtison, she turneo atid and le front the room. i Frank wrout away in a elstate of mind that lie could not nialyzo. Ieo did not know whether ihe was happy or wretched. 11o passed tile remainiing time, before starting on Ilis own journey, in alternate bliss and despair ; bliss at remembering that last look which lihad socnied to revean that LLa loved lim-- despair at tile thought that what hte was so soon to learn might separate thelU forever. Whenlo at last lie approached the old church at tile appointied hour, hie head burned with feverish eoxitelnoet. It was it briglit iloonlight eveninog, and he wntt up close tl the church, in its deeipet shadow. Ilo was early, an he had intended, and no one was in sight. Pro soeatly, however, Ie descried a female figuro approaching rapidly,.and soon re cognized Ilthe log, dark cloak and largo iiat of a year ago. Sithe came nearer. Frank's heart beat so loud that hle thought shn must hear it, but aRio stopped without perceiving him in the shade whore Io stood. As abse glanced around the moonilight fell upon her face, anid Ihe could see that it wore an anxious but determined look, Calming Iliself by an effort, Frank moved, and in a low, partially disguised voice said,- i i an, here, ires. St. Clair." Ito gaote I start of affright, but, quickly recovering herself, said, looking toward the form hisrdly distinguishablo front the surroundllng dusk. -" I did ,not see you at firsa, sir." Fiank inumbled something indistinctly in response. " Il have kept my word, sir, though not quite in the spirit in which it was made," Ito contliued, with a seriousness that setemed very strango ill lier. "1 Ihave learned sinlco how very wrong I was ill doitig what I did, and I wnnt first of all to bog your pardon. From what 1 saw of pyou, believe you to bi a gentloman, and I aml goilg to trustyou as such." Sit waited for some roply, f ut Frank gave none. Ilo was hesitattig wlhethlr to reveal hhnself now or later. His silence surlrisod heor and sltoe ent a doubtful Slaie at the little that she cold seaon of hintI. This decided him, and lihe stepped forward slowly. Its watched his tall fgure as it eniorged fron the slhadow, but wllhen his features rew distinct lher eyes dilated, as if itltthad been a ghost from the contetory behind, and shu stood slnring,stunned and titotion. less. "It is I," Ihe said, breaking tile silence. At this sheo found spooeech. " You I" she gasped. " You I You here I Must I believe that it was you wllo-alt, how cruel to dceoive mel so long I" h 0e 0o0ke into sobs, and wanet and leaned her face againalt i gratito post at thie church.yard gate. Frank followed quickly, and bot over liher. "Don't feel sil badly over It," Ihe pleaded,. "I dl d not know what to do, Ith circlllllstances were no peculia llr, ad I thought It bet to let events shaple their own curao until the litito you yourself ted t ipolnted. if I was wrong, forgive To thlilnk you havo known it all this tinlol" silbild lIt. " lw you munlnst holve Intllheid to yourself IhiiniICver you saw itoli " You Iliojudloge u0e. It waos far too serilus aIIIIttLer fllr t hat, I oosilro ytll." ho repllied oariltastly. " Ctan you inot rely aiiU i iitie tliire tlln oit tltth nitrillger you tLhiu lght to IInoft 1)( y llI noI t klnoW I will Io wnythlung to h11lp yi, eveuIi ait the " 1--1 s ot not t 1u13' tnIt at" I h mii i Innn Iniiri tti. Thli h stolo lla Iitnics alt hlrn, atiil eirhd vlhemienntly , Ah, holw ypou wilt d100inu iin whttiti you kllowt all I th, 1 wHisn I halti ,ll'floti'old tvlrytylillg a iear Ig , 't I wI a I 'lutdtoi Iilil t1t ti s thn, " tot iiolut huve liin'ou cn hhcti in n In iiw tlt io i pron opIiitd thill t" " N ," i. r i irn yd, l. ttill hly, I hou i quliikly niiu iil, " ( hll t in -I u ot iii, leail I h l Iiitoli hlgtll tihl llutil 1 111)' lu iilllt-i t Is hlui'er uo ol i t i" I ihe ii I will t ulol tt'n youll rlill'ol yilr ir ii i. I will li io a iy 1'' rvien tat I t N 'ut, l ill t yl nl lull lil o ihihh l. iia hi lhiii 0 ng taliiotu tly aid vo hiir hfa-it fully , half b slnu n td . ild1 lllv htl n li tll ; * 7, lnlily-. I l you w ilit dllr ,[inl" I i( w \ i l )y o uli 1"1 lllthly." htt roell3 Unir~uI enle gazed admitingly at the manly coullten:lice for an instanlt, thieu laughed hysterically. "That is the worst (f it," slie said. "If there only was a terrible secret, I would nout care o smuch:." Fi;raln k sta red. " I don't undllrstanld you," he said. " I mean," silo expilained, twisting alnd Iuntwisting hter hanudkerchief, til ihanging her head guiltily. " I mean that it is all very cnulnnllplllce ;aid-aeln ridiculous. "Iidimulosii!" e hoi.d Fri: nk. ''Absolutely ridlieulie, 'You isee it all crallle about thlrough the rivalryt between Alice Weld andl myelf at school. She tas illleen iof elle sectionl, viId I n VeWaSueOe of n?tlltler. Of coirae all Ith girls wero very romantic, and here shil had at first all adlalltano over lie; ?lie hlia a eal lover who used to th r.w oltes up to hler widiow tied on atones, and all such illto reustig thilngse.Then, to beovei, of course 1 haid to have n lover, too." Ita glanced tip at his attenlltive, per plexed face, and hercontrite look changed ilto a roguish one Its ielo coulliued, "I llad n most devotedI lover whioe I delrly lovedl. I li iunn woa Arthur St. Clair." (llvro Frank frlunedl.) " As papa rwas at that tine anxious I should ialnrry mlly cousin, you nea it llade a very nice reIImnnce. I" Very," said Frank, dryly. Tins confcsieuon was tortuor to him, and sai hail called it ridicultouis. "Arthur St. Clair and I ustd to have very romnan letcimeetiogs ii advenltures," resullillel Ita:. " Pari gl'rt w mI'ov re ilut more doeterlilned that I ahould marry iiy cousin. All the girls were in i dreadftl slate of ox citeluent overit, ind Alico \Weld was no where. Then, just before I graduated, we all thought it' wmuld e no romanitio if I should secretly marry Arthur, so papa couldn't force me to a unitoiu with my cousin, So Arthur iitid I arranged it all, and Berlio Snow told her aullt, who, hay. illg last a lover ill her youth, was very sympathetic, asd theJ, unkttown to me, got np the supper to which Arthur and I were to coneo aftertho corenmony. Arthur not IIakilg his appearance, I asked you to coilme in his place." Frank etuod biting Ilil lip jealously and frowiinug. ' I don't quitlrto un audu " ho said gloomly. " Whore was thia Arthur St. Clair that ho didn't imarry you ' -Ita tried to louk very suriois as if feel. ug slhe ought, but there was a lisclhier ous twinlkle in .her eyes, as she re plied, "Don't you' se ? There wasn't any such person. It was all an itvention from beginning to nid." Flrak started, stared incrediulously, then his countenance changed magically, and he burst into a laugh il which lta joined. "1 unlderstand Inow," he exclaimed, as soon ni he could speak. "When Miiss Snow invited you to theo slipper, you didn't know whllat to do; and came and asked mi to go." " She didn't tell mii uiltil the lost moalent," said Itn, extenuatingly, " and 1 had seen you pass oftein nlld- fii act, 1 pointed you out to the girls as Arthur. Befor 1 left school i ciofensed the whole, greatly to their edilication, l'eor Miss Snow, alone, 1 did not uldeceive. Borlio said it would make her feel so bad. My conscience reproached iao for that part, but ithe other I thought a good jiike until -until-" She stopped, conllused and hu'uhhillg, Frank comprehendedt 'her meaning, however. Relieved of iis terrible fears, Ile was ris audaelous self once ilore. "You were frighltened by larry lfeado's words," he said. " Did 1 ilake such a bad husband those two hours 1" She averted her head. "'Oh, no I" 'she murmured. "Then suppose 1 shlold nassert tile right Harry says the law gives in this Stace ?" "1 tshould have to subit to tile law, of course," sheo returned very meekly. F.lrank was close toi her aide now, and, with hiis lips almost touchilng her cheek, whispered, "Don't you think it will be behotter not to undeceive poor Mliss Suow, Ita 1" S"Prlehaps so-as lonlg un Arthur is you," aoe replied, with irch tender. ness. A And then lhe drew the sweet face up to his, and Ita's nmystery was rolved. 