Last Saturday we had the pleasure oi wishing all 'A Merry ChriBtmaB,' and hinting the hope that— ' Good digestion wait on appetite, And health on both.' during thiB season of feasts and attendant dispepsia. We trust all hare managed to .attain that state of gastronomic blessedness, and that it may continue through the coming New Year. The old year lies a-dying ! As a minor poet has it — u The clock in Obllrlon's mouldering tower, By the raven's nest struck the midnight bonr ; And the ghosts oE the seasons wept o'er tbc bier, Of Old Time', last son — the departed year.' j Ere we make our appearance ' again the tottering Tear's burial will be accomplished, and we shall be bailing the beauteous' New Tear, which contains so much affecting our mortal destinies hidden within its womb, in the past twelve months there has been the usual complement of domestic joys and sorrows, rising and falling fortunes, gratified hopes, and bitter disappointments. To some it has been 'Thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over,' .whUe, to others misfortuno has only something left to be thankful for — even if spared to see the New Tear. Who can venture to say which of us will eec its cloBe ? The length of our days is not oil-important, rather : — 11 It is not growing like a tree In bulk doth make men better be, Or «tanding long an oak three hundred To fall a tog at last, dry bald and sear ,* A lily of a day, Is fairer far in May, Although il fall and die that night, It was che plant and flower of light, in small proportions we jast beauties see, And in small measures liicmay perfect be.' And so it behoves all of us as the New Tear is a seasonable time to adjust and regulate our lives afresh, to look to the past for guidance in the future, so that a finer fabric may yet be reared. That all may do bo is our earnest hope — that each may hold a cornucopia of happiness in hand, is our strongest desire, and above all we wish to the world at large a prosperous, a peaceful, and H 1bapp$ 'Mew H)ear. 