TBe Spctfal Hand. My friend, Jack Bridges, arid my sslf SStiff oQT '3en ' Iafe one evening, smoking and 'yarning.' Finally we reached a point wkere silence Beamed p be 80&g; it Ml, feptreeii iaHfig on its golden . state of quiescence. But we irnoked our pipes gtlll, and. neve^r gd niiici: jM0&§ eafiie frtmr them lierol'e. ^htJugli. i'E came Blowiyy ^.b we botii fell into a ruminating m6od, it caine tM^kly,- fenihg (LbWfL ike gSe- llgM to a brownisk^ellbfr. Jaek smd I were « ol-i baci&eioilB; ?'^- iHaf so ifefX SIS, 'But just old enongh. ; in the forties* S6t fair and f£t, but in g6od SHfee and dsftfc, bofn of ub^66cu prlng ijb eoitonon a Suite 6'f rbbflis^ thfe 6Hief-est of wnieh w&s; our ' d«i,' Vrler^,- Witii.bur iSgirf a»d' pipes atid eide^oatd atlfeesgarles, 'fre rdyaliy enjoyed dtifseltes ^— if f6^6lB were ever as free and uufestrained, and 66'uld fo^gfet &emselves; and their state'.. . Suddenly Jfe^k oroke the stlence, Sfeylflg : ' fiarry, I am going' to tell fdu ft stttmge stbfy. Whatever you Hlay think df it, 1 ask you *o believe it Trifh«&t; trying to disdusstile rnStter ?wrfctt me; or Beeking for fEe acrount ing by me of the unaccountable ; for I long discussed- it wiSh myself and another, and gave it up as one too many fb£ mi Kow^ you mast believe this story* mark that. Thilik w'hfet yon pleasei say WB'aty6tt please, dnly don't attempt to go into the matter witn infi, else I sfeall ge'f into my bed. — I shall? in iact- as soon as I tell it.' 1 told jftck to go aKead, anA ikni I would believe as gospel truth any thing he might tell in suefe eeflous ness, fifid lie ilarled at once S a Ifou know, Halj that I am pretty free from gnofetly f &nd.ei; sndi &U; such rubbish — a& free as yourself — and that, seeing something that niy eyes V¥\'**l.KL TICff OS CL giAX*BVf WUU1UU b UB' lieve it was a ghost j that you know, of course. Well, now to comtnence : Ten years ago George Watrous — you never knew him, I guess ; if not, you never will here, for He has joined the great majority^^and myself wefe two just Buch chums ag you and 1 are to day. As a woman might say, and I don't know why not a man, we thought the world of one another — a eort of l)atnon and Pythias attachment, you know. George was a young lawyer, well fixed in more ways thaii bne. He had money of his own, left him by bis father, was heir to the posses sions of a rich uncle, and engaged to a beautiful girl, herself ail heiregs — pretty well fixed I call that, eh ? ' Clara Bronson, George's fiancee, was own cousin to me, and it was through me that my dearest friend And chum became Acquainted with her ; and the fact that I had brought the two together brought George and I closer together in friendship's bonds, if that were possible. Anyhow, understand that Damon and Pythias were not more endeared to one another than George Watrous and myself. Well, f was going to say that Clara Bronpon was a rather deli cate creature—' spirituelle,' in poetic parlance— and though she always seemed to be physically well enough, there didn't seem to be enough of the physical in heT make-up ; not that she was extraordinarily petite and slender, but that — oh, now, what stall I say? Well, she seemed to be too much of the * airy fairy ' sort — you understand me— -for this mundane life of ours. I don't know, after all, as there is any better expression than spirituelle. She seemed too spirituelle for the rough and tumble of earthly exist ence. I'll let it go at -that. You know what I mean. ' Weil, in the late summer of 18 — she and her mother (a widow) left here to spend the winter in Nice, the mother fancying that her darling would be benefited by the sojourn in that place of equable climate, al though there was nothing more the matter with her than there ever had been, and that was nothing that any body ever knew of. Clara had just turned 19 when she sailed away from these shores for the first time, and w«s a three months' fiancee. It was a sore thing for George WatepuSj her going away, and only that he had important and imperative business to transact i-x Me millionaire uncle residing in Buffalo, he would most certainly have gone abroad on the same steamer. But this business kept Mm at home, or rather it kept him in Buffalo most of the time, so he was obliged to be satisfied with seeing his dearest oS, then, to plunge into his uncle's affairs with more than ordi nary ardor, to forget if possible, Hie separation. *i In those days George Watrpua and I had rooms together* like you and I at to-day, only those, rooms wexe more richly and elaborately ap pointgd than, these- of ours — George was notfeing'if not luxurious — liked elegant surroundings— and when he left fear Buffalo there wjas a void in my heart almost as aehjng as th&t; in bjg, caused by tfoe leaving of Clara—let me flatter- myself that he iu$ :j&. Mtgfe afitblng ^»jd on jay acoount, alongside -the large -me on account %£ Clarja, Mbwi 4» J«ft know that after George left for Buf falo w« corresponded jregularly twice a weekj »n-i kept it up uniSL he re iusieiiaxHeW- York, his uncle's busi ness jtasfeg \%&p.; finished^ ^es, twice a w^ek, regularly — Sundays ajd. Wednesdays— I wrote tofieor^e Watrous, his answering letters being m JnegHJarly; feofaissed o% f^ursdays 'Well^ane fai&f; M6nday evenifig —how it did. pdur that njgiiti^^ about two months after Glaira Bfon son's departure, f sat smokuig in our 1 de'fi/ and taking S litUS wtisiiy aMd soda now and tEeSj between puffs- fejr-^-^eU; I don't know What for. Habit, perhaps ; perhaps because it rained so* perhaps because t felt unusually lonesome* I don't kn6wf and it doesn't matted Afe a matted of fact, thougn immaterial, t tooktte wMeky aad sodar and we'll let it go hi tHaii I tniiik X must have been aWihiUy bored, for en a sutdeii I said aloud, * I tiiink f ll write to Gteofg'e Watrotts.' Then I Said to my(S6lf, aloud, * Nonsense ; you wroie yester day. Nothing has h&pgeriea; to write about. What are_ypti going ta write ?' I gave it up. What could I write a'bout? Notling df interest. Bo I loaded another pipe — the One I had been smoking had got hot-^took a sip of whisky and soda, and then fell to' Smoking again, slowly and dreamily. ' Perhaps I had smoked on that pipe of tobacco ten minutes, when I got up, went ovet to our writing table, sat down, and made preparations for writing a letter to George Watrous, to whom t had written yesterday arid to whom I had nothing df importance to communicate that night. Now, the going to the table with the purpose I had wasn't of my own free will' — I was impelled to it by some other power than my own. I didn't see it in that light, but later I did. Well, I dated a sheet of notepaper, and had written ' My dear George Watrous' — always Ihus; never *My dear/ or ' Friend George.' The entire name al ways. There were millions of Georges, but only one George Watrous that I knew of, and him I addressed. As I said, I had written ' My dear George Watrous,' and had my pen's point on the paper for the next word, when I felt a strange sensation in my head — ai sort of numbness or something like a sudden rush of blood to the head — and concluded it was a sudden ruBh of blood to the hand, but on looking I saw that the hand was not suffused with color, its natural dark hue pre senting itself. Bu*; it felt queer ; just felt, that's it — I felt that I had a right hand, and that1 s what you don't feel if there's nothing the matter with it. ' A moment; -while I was looking at it, something began to appear. Another moment and it appeared wholly and clearly, and if you should live a thousand years, and make a guess every minute, I don't believe you would guess what it was. Well, not to keep you on tenter hooks, let me say that it was the hand of a' woman, and that hand within and of my own hand — the body, fingers and thumb within those of mine, and as plainly seen by me as my own is now — plainer than I saw it then, for I saw only those portions not taken up by the spectral hand. And that hand, Hal, was Clara Bronson1 s. I knew it like a book, for I had often taken it in mine and remarked its peculiar beauty. ,Thea there were two rings of hers that I knew — a solitaire and a sapphire of great beauty, both spark ling and bright as when I last saw them. ' Was I started from my propriety ? No. You see, I was possessed of that garl, and she, or her aura, didn't in tend to startle me. 1. know that I looked at b.er hand wond&fingly-r-; ?w-ondered how it eoald be there, in and of my hand; nothing beyond that ; no creeping sensation, no awe, no nothing but wonderment I re member that I looked curiously to see if tiie naiis of this speete&j.; hand showed under urine, or rather $ook up tlieir space in mine. They did, and as clearly defined as I ever saw- them. Well, not to be tedious, let me say that that ha&d; — not mine, cer tainly — wjote sapidly a long letter to George Watrous covering the four pages in the smallest ehiro graphy, which I did not follow at all r— it w^snt iatfend^a J. should, you knew-— end when the writing was ended I know . I signed m$ name, neyej stcpnger -jr/witJi a mote pro nounced flourish, the spectral, hand vanishing as I subscribed myself, wiuqh I did without any compune | tipn or afep^njgft feeliage, ioldihg the letter, enveloping, fl&dye;^drig, going out in the downpour to mail the mis ! eive wiaioutattwm^ht of t^e strange- , I ness of l&e; whole affair* -&4 ooajagf \ \ . ' ? i ' ? . ? bsek ts the' * den ' with my memory a blank as to what had occurred. Had : you asked ihe the moment I Cailie in wteri t had written to George WatrouS I gkbull have answered '. ? Yesterday,' an.3 Suly, for I surely did not write that Monday night letter. : an4 remembered hoiAungabbuii it: I i couldn't have told what I went out 1 \&t;, Slid yet I wagn't puzzled at all as : to why I went out=I didn't think ] anything about it. j ' Tuesday night=-not many minutes : before Wednesday morning, the time - being 11.50 — I wa's preparing for bed, : when in burst George WatrouB-— yes, it was George Watrous, but in the i disguise of the wildest iooking maa I ever flaw. I don't believe any living writer could describe tbe expression ! on his face. His look at me was a : glare, not o£ savagery, Wt of amaze- - meat or awe, such aa one might take , on before a being of Btrange and ; awful pbwer. '. ' ' George WatroUSj' said I, moving ; toward him, «what is the matter?' He backed away from me wiih this query, in a strange tone : .$ What about that letter P — for Goji's sake, : explain. ?' 'What letter.WBaid L ( This.' He had backed against a lounge against the wait, a£d involun tarily seated himself ; but/I had the letter in my hand before he could speak another word, and.1 opened it. It was the letter I had mailed almost exactly twenty-four hotors before, and it all came back to ifte in a flash — the spectral hand, the writing of the letter, everything*. '' Where did you get this,' t queried, not a little disconcerted, for that a letter mailed for Buffalo after the lost collection hour should come back to me, with the man to whom it was addressed, within twenty-four hours, was a staggerer. ? ' ' This morning at nine ; but it was delivered at 7.30. I took a special train at 11, and only for an accident — but no matter for all this. Tell me — explain to me, for God's sake — about the letter 1 ' ' Not to go into detail, let me say that I gave George Watroue all the explanation. I could — told fri*n the facts in the oase ; of the spectral hand of Olara Branson within aad of mine, the writing of the letter, &c.; This proved to be explanation enough for George Watrous* When I got through he immediately ex claimed, 'Jack Bridges, my Clara is dead ! ' ' [Here the writer couldn't help interpolating the remarks : ?* Yes ; and she died that very night, at that very hour, allowing, perhaps, time difference.'] ' Oh, anybody could have guessed that,' said Jack. 'Such things are forerunners, you know. Well, George Watrous went on terribly for a time, and a tough time I had of it trying to get him to pull himself together, one happy thought that I happened to express doing more than all else. It was this: That her hand, had she been, dead, would have given me the sensation of a chill when it took poseeSBion of mine, whereas it gave me tbe impression of a rush of blood to the hand, only there was no suffusion. He caught on to that like a drowning man to a straw and started of£ to dp what I had advised him to do — to cable to Nice — but not before eoying to me, despondently : * But she speaks in that letterr— read it, Jack, while I'm gone — of such a beautiful land, of such happiness — oh, she must be dead, Jack 1 ' '* * She isn't,' said I. * I tell you her dt'-td hand would have given me the severs, George Watrqug, I tell you there was nothing dead about it. Go eable, Poia't stop to discuss the matter — ^o, now,' He went with some hope, but by no means unbounded. . As for me, to tell the truth, I h&d;'ut muoh myself, and what I did have 'was built on the tact %at Claja'e hamd didn't look nor feel like a. dead hand. Still, it was & spectral hand, strangely incorporated into mine, and might presage ilL I never was superstitious before that moment, but I felt I was then. « Wheu George Watrous left me I sat down to think — I had enough to think of, don't you think? Well, I thought, and the more I thought the leBS I could make of the strung* affair. Time «»4 agate X locked 0 my hand, not knowing but I might see the other therein, and I actually shivered every time I looked; But the Bpgctral Hana did not appear. It waB 3 o'clock whan George Watrous returned, a&d; he bounced into the room beaming, thrusting a cable at me. ? It read, - All well ; letter to-morrow's mail. C After I had read it George Watrous seized me in his arms. Then he took my right hand and looked at it intently. He was in a transport of joy$ and couldn't epeak for a time. At last he found words — ' ' I was sure she was dead, Hal, and Bhe lives !' '*- I told you so, didn't I P' ''You did, but think. I should have got a letter last Saturday from her — none came. Then this morning, or rather yesterday, that unaccount able letter of her's telling about her life in that beautiful land — that letter through you ; then your strange story. How could I doubt she was dead ? Have you read that letter P No ? Read it now. Had you read it when it was being written you would have believed with me. Read it now, Hal.' ' ' I got the strange missive from the table, where I had left it lying, opened it, and saw four empty pages, except for what I myself had written — date, my friend's name, and my signature — only that and nothing more, not a trace of any other writ ing. ' Astonished, I passed it to George Watrous, who was dumbfounded — speechless. After a moment or two lie rubbed the paper, breathed on it, held it before the light, but no sign of writing appeared. It was a blank sheet of paper, except, for -what I have said. ' ? Pity — pity I strange — strange !' at length he murmured; then in a sprightlier tone he saidj * But I can repeat every word of it — listen !' Then he recited the most beautifully descriptive piece I ever heard or read. It was of a land and life that no mor tal dreams ever could conjure up. I will show you to-morrow a copy of the words which George Watrous wrote for me. There, that's all there is of the story, except saying that Clara's letter, spoken of in cable, came duly to hand-, telling of a five days' trance in which the writer lay, she having awoke to consciousness, and a ' new feeling of life,' as she expressed it — improved health, you know — just after the cable was received from George Watrous. The trance ex plained why George missed a letter, and maybe explains the circumstance of that spectral hand within and of my own ; and if we agree with Hamlet, that there are more things in heaven ard earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy, which we must, I think, it may explain the mysterious trans mission of that letter to Buffalo, ?which certainly never went by the U.S. mail. Now, if you can think up any better explanation of the whole strange affair, do so Jack. Good morning. I'm going to bed,' — New Yobs Cliepeb. 