THE LACHES' FAC5E. SOCIETY GOSSIP. Dear Nelt.tk,— Last weak your faithful friond took another jaunt into the country, this timo to " freah fields and pastures now." On the same after- noon that the Melbourne streets were thronged with crowds anxious to witness the last tribute that oould bo paid to poor Violet Varlcy, and tlio same and other orowda intont on seeing tho butohors' procession, I was making my way with a inodoat Gladstona ling, a warm rug and some literature in a strap to Sponccr-strcet, where I embarked for Oamperdown. The 4.20 train, you must know, is an oxpress, or at loast it pro fesses to be, and I have no complaints to make of its behavior as far as Geelong ; but after leaving "tho hub of tiro universe," as somo of the inhabitants oall that pretty little town, it simply crawled, occasionally coming to a standstill as though to pondor over things in general. This pro cedure was, to say tho loast of it, exasperating, but when wo were shunted at Winohel- eea for more than three-quarters of an hour, to await the pleasuro of another train in passing, it got beyond a joke. These leisurely proceedings formed the basis of a conversation between auother traveller and myself, and the question arose, " If this be an express, what is an ordinary ?" At Oolao I lost my friendly companion, and had n solitary journey for the remainder of the way. After leaving Oolac wo seemed to put on ateam as though to make up for lost time, and arrived in Campcrdown only one hour late. Tlio town looked excccdingjT|iity;ihjtlianioon- ligbt, but many, of. Uts beauties- J-tVtijeThot disocrniblo until next day, whoh\theV appeared to the: greatest advantage,) for wo wore favored with one 'ot,(hosi exquisite days whioh seem to ha--bd£T'f>ned from spring. The Street loading froKpijie'tail- way station is linod with" two -tows of 'oak trees, and a magnificently even avenue of elms extends right through tho town for over a mile. Thie is the principal etrcet, and it ie oalled after tiro Manifold family, whose splendid properties come quite closo into tlio town. Mt. Lcurn forme a picturesque background to the town, and from it a magnificent view ie obtainable of the unrounding country, bounded with mountains and dotted with lakes. Mt. Ele- phantin the distance looks like an elophnut lying down, Mt. William stands out boldly, and Mt. Buninyong is clearly visible on a fine day. Tho Clovon Hills, the Ararat Ranges and otbere stretch along the horizon, forming a perfeot frame to the picture. Nowhere else in Viotoria can you sec such a collection of lakes. The largest is Lake Corangamite, extending 30 milos in length and having a ciroumfarcneo of nearly 100 milce ; and among the smaller ones are Elingamitc, Colougulao, Gnotuk, Purrumbete and others, many of whioh are said to he cxtinot craters. The richnsss of tliie part of the country renders vegetation most luxuriant, and for dairying purposes this distriot oannot be surpassed in Viotoria. On Thursday we wont out to epond the day at one of the numerous stations which surround tha town, and had a delightful time. The homestead is ituated on the atsep hanks of a lake, its lovely garden skirting the lake for some distance. There aro English troes in pro fusion — oaks, elms, yews, rowans and berry laden hollies— mixed up with nativo trees of ait kinds, and oranges and lemonB in full bearing. The ohrysanthemnms are not quite orer yet; bouvardiae, red, pink and white, are in full bloom ; also fuolisiaa and lovely pink heaths. Sums of the epota in this old garden are elinply lovely, and through the trees may bo obtained peeps of tho lake with numerous sea gulls skimming ovir its surface. Next day from the opposite side of the laka wo got a view not easily forgotten. Two sheets of water are divided merely by a ridge, and, etrango to aay, one is fresh and the other braokish ; tho former being at a considerably lower level than the latter, and on tho narrow neck of laud wliioii separates them has been found a spring of fresh water. One of these lakes possesses a ghost of its own, that of a poor blaok gin who was killed there many years ago. The story goes that when tho White! worn striving to etamp out the blacks they had massacred the whoio of a tribe which made its home in this distriot, with the excep tion of ono poor woman, who, with her picca ninny, jumped into the lake and awam to the other side, only to bo clubbod to death by meroilois mombors of a so-called civilised raeo. Overlooking these lakes, on the lopof ahill, is "the park"— Camperdown'a publio gardens— rather far from tlio town unfortunately, as they aro quite two miles and a half out. They aro charm ingly laid out and kept, and havo quito A ehow of flowers for this time of year. A pagoda-liko band house has a lookout on top whence a wonderful pnnornmio view of the surrounding country Is obtainable. Mr. IV, A. Taylor, of llenny Hill, whose comfortablo homo- stead wo passed on the road, presented a otatuo ef Bobbio Burns and Ids faithful dog to these gardens, taken from a painting in Edinburgh. ' Much thought seema to havo boen oxponded for the acoommodatlon of pionio parties at tiicso pleasure grounds. Tlioro is a charming summer- house ooverad in with hawthorn olipped into chape, and provided with Boats nnd a table— nn ldyllio spot for afternoon tea. Thon just out side tho fonoo is a wall built briok 11 replace and chimney, whero pleasuro seokors or wayfarers may oook their provauder, and olose by a shelter ie provided with seats and a board whioh only waits to he made fostivo. I might go on describing nil that Is to ho seen from this oml- nonee, especially tho number of homestends so wall known to mo by nnma— Marida Yallook, Purrumbeto, Gnotuk, Koilambeto, Woowyrito and others, eaoli witli its rich extent of land; but there is moderation in nil things, and I shall forbear. Suffice it to aay that ray short stay in Oamperdown was favored with oxquisito Weather until Sunday, in fact it was.exoeptlonal at this eenson, and for it I was truly thankful. St. Paul's Church of England, which i attended on Sunday, is at present in the hands of a small army of workmen, as a splendid chancel and transepts are being erected to the memory of tho late Mr, and Mrs. Manifold by their eons. A handsomeporoli is alHo in course of orection, and a beautiful pulpit of Oamaru stone is to be put up to the momory of tho late pastor, tlio Rov. Sir. Forstor. The church is built of blncstone, with facings of Waurn 1'onds freestono, and when finished will be a very handsomo building. They expoot to open it in about seven woolts' time, when there will lie a great gathering of clergy, headed by tlio Bishop of Ballarat. The vioar" ago is quito the moat pioturoaquo that I hare seen in the colony, and resembles an English reolory in style. It is a gabled blucstono build ing, partially covered with ivy, mandcvillia, oioth of gold and Mardchal Niol rosea, and stands in is charming old garden abound ing in English trees, where, mignonotte grows like ft weod. Campcrdown enjoyed ft season of giddy gaiety "hud dissipation last summer while our lato Governor and the Countess of Hopctouu occupied "Wiridgil." All the surrounding homesteads kept opon house, Aud were crowded with visitors for some months, during which racoe, polo matohes, tennis, privato theatricals, picnics and balls wero the order of tiie day and night. That Lord and Lady Hopetoun ondeared themselves to all tho people of the district ie a self evident faot, and all aorta of storice are rife as to thehomoly manner in which they enjoyed thoir country, retreat. Camperdown possesses a very good mechanics' institute, with ronding rooms, circulating library, and museum, and a hall which was tho scene of revelry a few months ago on tha occasion of a grand ball' at which Lord and Lady Hopetoun were present. Tell it not in Gath— there are individuals in Campcrdown who do not fnily realise the difference between mcilm and teum, and a week or two ago a wheelbarrow disappeared from the ohuroh works, The advertisement whioh appeared in tho Iooal paper announcing its loss, requested that it might be returned after dark ' No doubt this signified that no questions would be naked, still it was not snlfioiont temptation , to restore the missing Article, but I was told that this was accounted for by tho faot that it had boon moonlight ever since. Well, on Monday I returned to the metropolis under ekies whioh teemed with rain, after a brief but moet enjoyable trip., Next wcok I shall send you an account of the St. Vincent ball, whioh promises to be a great success. Until thon noed-bve. Yours, over.— IBIS. 