TH K TRAGEDY OF CATHtBON ROYALS. [By the Author of 'Paulina Lisle,' 'Katherinh's Vengeance,' &c.;] PART II. CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) The dark thoughtful eyes of Inez Catheron looked at Victor earnestly ' Does she love you?' slie asked; 'This Miss Darrell ? I need hardly inquire whether you love her.' _ M ' I love her so dearly that if I lose her ? He paused, and turned his face away from her in the gray light. ' I wish I had known this from the hrst; i ougnt 10 iui.vck.uuwu. j.k may have been meant in kindness, but I believe it was a mistake. Heaven knows how it will end now.' . j 'You mean to say, then, that in tho hour you lose your title and inheritance, you also lose Miss Darrell? Is that it?' ' I have said nothing of the kind. Edith ! is one of the noblest, the truest of women ; but you can't see — it looks as though she had been deceived, imposed upon. The loss of title and wealth would make a difference to :any woman on earth.' ' Very little to a woman who loves, Victor. I hope — I hope — this young girl loves you ?' Again the colour rose over his face — again he turned impatiently away. ' She will love me,' he answered ; ' she lias promised it, and Edith Darrell is a girl to keep lier word.' ' So,' Miss Catheron said, softly and sadly, 'it is the old French proverb over again, ' There is always one who loves, and one who is loved.' She has owned to you that she is notin love with yon, then ? Pardon me, Victor, 'but your happiness is very near to me.' ' She has owned it.' he answered, ' with / the rare nobility and candor that belong to iter. Such affection as mine will win its re :tutn — , love begets love,' they say. It must.' ' Not always, Victor — ah, not always, else what a happy woman I had been ! But surely ?she cares for no one else ?' ' She cares for no one else,' he answered, doggedly enough, but in his inmost heart ?.that never-dying jealousy of Charles Stuart rankled. ' She cares for no one else — she has told me so, and she is pride, and truth, as purity itself. If I lose her through this, then this secret of insanity will have wrecked forever still another life.' ' If she is what you picture her,' Inez said, steadily, ' no less of rank or fortune ' would ever make her give you up. But you are not to lose either— tyou need not even tell her, if you choose.' ' I can liavo no secrets from my plighted wife — Edith must know all. But the secret will bo as safe with her as with me.' ' Very well,' she said, quietly ; ' you know what the result will be if by any chance 'Mrs. Victor' and Inez Catheron are discovered to be one. But it shall be exactly as you please. Tour father is as dead to you, to all the world, as though ha lay in the vaults of Chesholm* Church, by your poor mothers side.' ' My poor mother ! My poor, murdered, unavenged mother ! Inez Catheron, you are a, noble woman — a brave woman ; was it well to aid your brother to escape ? — was it woll, for the sake of saving tho Catheron honor, and the Catheron name, to permitt a most cruel .and cowardly murder to go unavenged?' What was it that looked up at ,him out of 'her ieyes? Infinite pity, infinite sorrow, infinite pain. 'My brother,' she repeated, softly, as to herself ; ' poor Juan ! he was a scape- goat of the 'family always. Yes, Sir Victor, it was a \- cruel and cowardly murder, and yet I believe ?in my soul we did right to screen the murderer .from the world. It is , in the hands of the ? ..Almighty — there let it rest.' There was a pause — then : ' I shall return with you to London, and seo my father,' he said, as one who claims a right. 'No,' she answered, firmly; 'it is im possible. Stay; Hear me out — it is your father's own wish.'' 'My fathei-'s wish! But- ? ' 'He cannot express a wish, you would say. Of late years, Victor, at wide intervals, his reason had returned at a brief space — all tho worse for him.' ' ' The worso for him ?' The young man 1 ooked at her blankly. ' MissCatlieron do you mean to say it is better for him to bo mad ?' ' Much better — such madness as his. Ho does not think — he does not suffor. ? Memory to him is torture ; lie loved you mother, Vic tor—and he lost her — terribly lost lier.' With memory returns the aiijmisli and despair of that loss, as though it were but yesterday. If you saw him as I seo him, you would pray as I do, that his mind might be blotted forever.' '-Good Heaven ! this is terrible !' ? ' '.Life is full of terriblo things — tragedies, secrets — this is one of them. In these rare inter vals of sanity, he speaks of you — it is he who directed, in case of your marriage, that you should be told this much — that you aro not to ho brought to see him, until ? ' She paused, ' Until ? ' Until ho lies upon his death-bed. That ?day will be soon, Victor — soon, soon. Tlioso brief glimpses of reason and memory have shortened life. What ho suffers in theso inter vals no words of mine can tell. On his death bed, you arc to see him— not before; and tlion you shall be told tho story of your mother's death. No, Victor, spare me now — all I can tell you I have told. I return home by the noonday train ; and, before I go, I should like to see this 'girl who is to be your wifo. See, I will remain by this window, screened by the curtain. Can you not fetch her by some prctence or other, beneath it, that I may look and judge for myself ?' ' I can try,' he said, turning to go. ' I liavo your consent to tell lier my father is alive ? I will tell her no more — it is not necessary she should know you are his keeper.' _ _ ' That much you may tell her — it is her right. When I have seen her, come to me, and say good-by.' ' I shall not say good-by until I say it at Chester Station. Of course, I shall see you off. Wait here; if Edith is able to come out, .you shall see her. She kept her room this morn ing with head- ache.' He left her, half-dazed with what ho had heard. He went to the drawing- room — the Stuarts and Captain Hammond were there — not Edith. II LT„„ TTUI-H, 9' Ln oel-nrl ' T wish to speak to her for a moment.' ' Edith is prowling about in tlie rain, some where, like an uneasy ghost,' answered Trixy ; ' no doubt wet feet, and discomfort, and damp ness generally are cures for headache ; or, per haps, she's looking for you.' He hardly waited to hear her out before he started in pursuit. As if favoured by fortune, ho caught a glimpse of Edith's purple dress among the trees in the the dis tance. She had no umbrella, and was wandering about, pale and listless, in the rain. ' Edith,' Sir Victor exclaimed, ' out in all this downpour, without an umbrella ? You will get your death of cold.' ' I never take cold,' she answered, indiffer ently. ' I always liked to run out in the rain ever since I was a child. I must be an am phibious sort of animal, I think. Besides, the damp air helps my headache.' He drew her hand within his arm, and led her slowly in tho direction of the window where the watcher stood. 'Edith,' he began, abruptly, 'I have news for you. To call it bad news would sound in human, and yet itlias half-stunned me. It is this — my father is alive.' 'Sir Victor!' « A K-rr/* _1inr»r-7iicalTr infln.no. Tinf. ft.livf* That is the news Lady Helena and one other have told me this morning. It has stunned me; I repeat — is it any wonder? All these years I have thought him dead, and to-day I discover that from first to last I have been deceived.' She stood mute with surprise. His father alive — madness in the family. Truly, it would have been difficult for Sir Victor or any one else to call this good news. They were directly beneath the window. He glanced up — yes, a pale face gleamed from behind the curtain, gazing down at that other pale face by Sir Victor's side. Very pale, very set, just now, ' Then if your father is alive, he is Sir Victor, and not you ?' Those were the first words she spoke ; her tone cold, her glance unsympathetic. His heart contracted. ''He will never interfere with my claim — they assure me of that. Alive in reality, he is dead to the world. Edith, would it make any difference — if I lost title and estate, would I also lose you ?' The beseeching love in his eyes might have moved her, but just at present she felt as through a stone lay in her bosom instead of a heart. ' I am not a sentimental sort of girl, Sir Victor,' she answered, steadily. ' I am almost too practical and worldly, perhaps. And I must own it would make a difference. I have told you I am not in love with you — as — yet — you have elected to take me and wait for that. I tell you now, truthfully, if you were not Sir Victor Catheron, I would not marry you. It is best I should be honest, best I should not deceive you. You are a thousand times too good for so mercenary a creature as I am, and if you leave me, it will only be serving me right. I don't want to break my promise, to draw back, but I feel in the mood for plain speaking this morning. If you feel that you can't marry me on those terms — and I don't deserve that you should — now is the time to speak. No one will be readier than I to own that it serves me right.' TTe looked and listened, nalp. in f.Ti r» lins. ' Edith, in Heaven's name, do you wish me to give you up ?' ' No, I wish nothing of the sort. I have promised to marry you, and I am ready to keep that promise ; but if you expect love or devotion from me, I tell you, frankly, I. have neither to give. If you are willing still to take me, and' — smiling — ' I see you are — ' I am still ready to be 'your wife — your true and faithful wife from the first — your loving wife, I hope, in the end.' They said no more. He led her back to the house, then left lier. He hastened to Miss Catheron, more sombre even than when lie had quitted her. ' Well,' ho said, briefly, 'you saw her?' ' I saw her. It is a beautiful face, a proud face, a truthful face, and yet- ? ' ' Go on,' he said, impatiently. ' Don't try to spare me. I am growing accustomed to unpleasant truths.' ' I may be wrong, but something in her face tells me she does not love you, and,' under her breath, ' never will.' ' It will come in time. With or without love, she is willing to . bo my wife — that is happiness enough for tho present.' ' You told her all ?' ' I told lier my father was alive and insane — no more. It will make no difference in our plans — none. We are to be married the first of September. Tlie secret is safe with her.' Tho door opened, and Lady Helena came hastily in. ' If you wish to catch tho 12.50train, Inez,' she said, ' you must go at once. It is a Ion' drive from this to the station. The brougham is waiting — shall I accompany *you ?' 'I will accompany her,' said Sir Victor. ' You had better return to bur cuests. Thov will begin to feel themselves neglected.' I Miss Catheron loft the room. In five min- ] utcs, she reappeared, closely veiled, as when he had met her on tho stairs. Tlio adieus were hastily mado. Ho gave her his arm, and led her down to the eloso brougham. As tliey passed before the drawing-room windows, Miss Stuart uttered an exclamation : .'O'l say ! where is Sir Victor going in the ram, and who is tho dismal-looking lady in c*t ^10 is it ? You ought to know.' ? I don t know,' Edith answered, briefly, not looking up from her book. ' Hasn't Sir Victor told you ?' ' I haven't asked Sir Victor.' 'Oil, you haven't, and ho hasn't told ? Well, all I have to say is, that when I' m ou»aeed,I hope the object of my affections will keep no secrets from me.' ' As if he could !' murmurs Captain Ham mond. ' I declare, ho is going off with her. Edith do come and look. There ! they are driving away together, as fast as they can go.' But Edith never stirred. If she felt the slightest curiosity on the subject, her face did not show it. Tliey drove rapidly through tho rain, and barely caught the train at that. He placed her hurriedly in an empty carriage, amomont before it started. As it flew by, ho caught one glimpse of a veiled face, and a hand wav ing farewell. Then tho train and woman wore out of sight. Liko a man who walks in his sleep, Sir Victor Catheron turned, re-entered the brougham, and was driven home. CHAPTER XV. ladf Helena's ball. Three days after, on Thursday, the fifth of June, Lady Helena Powyss gave a very large dinner party, followed by a ball, in honour of her American guests. When it is your good fortune to number half a county among your friends, relatives, and acquaintances, it is possible to be at once numerous and select. The creme de la creme of Cheshire assembled in Lady Helena's halls of dazzling light, to do honour to Sir Victor Cathcron's bride- elect. For the engagement had been formally an nounced, and was the choice bit of gossip, with which the shire regaled itself. Sir Victor Catheron was following in the foot steps of his father, and was about to bring to Catheron Royals one of the lower order as its mistress. It was the Dobb blood, no doubt, cropping up — this sort of mesalliances will tell. An American, too — a governess, a poor relation of some common rich people from the States. The best county families, j with daughters to marry, shook their heads. It was very sad — very sad, to see a good old name and a good fuamily degenerate in this way. But there was always a taint of mad ness in the Catheron blood — that accounted for a good deal. Poor Sir Victor — and poor Lady Helena ! But everybody camo. Tliey might be deeply shocked and sorry, but still Sir Victor Catheron was Sir Victor Catheron, the richest baronet in the county, and Catheron Royals always a pleasant house to visit — the reign ing Lady Catheron always a desirable ac quaintance on one's visiting list. Nobody acknowledged, of c'ourse, they went from pure, downright curiosity, to see this manosu vering American girl, who had taken Sir Victor Catheron captive, under the aristo cratic noses of the best-born,, best-bred, best blooded young ladies in a circuit of twenty miles. The eventful night came — the night of Edith's ordeal. Even Trixy was a little ner vous — only a little — is not perfect selfposses sion the normal state, of American young ladydom ? Lady Helena was quite pale in her anxiety. The girl was handsome beyond dis pute, thoroughbred as a young countess despite her birth and bringing up in a New England town and Yankeo boarding-house, with pride enough for a princess of forty quarterings ; but how would she come forth from the fiery furnace of all those pitiless eyes, sharpened to points, to watch for gauclieries and solecisms of good breeding — from tho merciless tongues that would hang, draw, and quarter her, the instant their owners were out of the house. 'Don't you feel nervous, Dithy ?' asked Trixy, almost out of patience, at last, with Edith's serene calm. 'I do — horribly. And Lady Helena has a fit of the fidgets that will bring her grey hairs to an early grave, if this day lasts much longer.' An't you afraid — honour bright ?' Edith Darrell lifted her dark, disdainful eyes. She sat reading, while the afternoon wore on, and Trixy fussed and fluttered about the room. ' Afraid of the people who are coming here to-night — is that what you mean ? Not a whit ! I know as well as you do, they are coming to inspect and nfid fault with Sir Victor Catheron's choice, to pity him, and call me an adventuress. I know, also that any of these young ladies would have married him, and said ' Thank you for asking' had he seen lit to choose them. 1 have my own pride, and Sir Victor's good taste to uphold to-night, aud I will uphold them. I think' — she lifted her haughty, _ dark head, and glanced, with a, lialf-unconscious. smile, in the pier-glass opposite — ' I think I can bear com parison by lamp-light with any of these ' daughters of a hundred earls,' such as — Lady Gwendoline Drexel, for instance.' ' By lamp-light,' Trixy said, ignoring the rest of her speech. ' Ah, yes, that's the worst of it, Edith ; you dark people always light up well. And Lady Gwendoline Drexel — I won der what Lady Gwendoline will wear to night ? I should like to be the best-dressed young lady at the ball. Do you know, Ditli,'; spitefully this — 'I think Charley is quite struck with Lady Gwendoline. You noticed, I suppose, the attention he paid her the even ing we met, and then he has been to Drexel Court by invitation. Pa is most anxious, I know. Money will be no object, you know, with Charley, and really, it, would be nice to; liave a titled sister-in-law. ' My sister, Lady Gwendoline Stuart,' will sound very well in New York, won't it? It would be a very suitable match for Charley.' j A most suitable match, Miss Darrell re peated ' age included. Slio is ten years his senior, if a day ; but whero true love exists,' what docs a trifle of years on either side signify ? He has money — she has rank. Helias youth and good looks — she has high birth and a handle to her name. As yon say, Trix ya most suitable match !' :;v- And then Miss Darrell went back to her book, but the slender, black brows were meeting in a steady frown, that quite spoiled her beauty — no doubt at something displeas ing in tho pages. ' But you musn't sit hero all day,' broke in Trixy again ; 'it's liigli time you, were up in your dressing-room. What aro you going to wear, Dith ?' ' I have not decided yet. I don't much -care; it doesn't much matter. I have decided to look my best iu anything.' She arose ar i sauntered out of tlio room and was seen no more, until tho wax-lights blazed from end to end of ilio great mansion and tho Juno dusk had deepened into dewy nights. Then, as the roll of carriages came, without ceasing, along the drive, she des cended, arrayed for battle, to find her im i patient slave and adorer awaiting her at the foot of tho grand stair-way. . Slio smiled upon liim^ her brightest, most beaming smile, a smiling that intoxicated him at sight. ' 'Will I do, Sir Victor?' she asked. Would she do? ? He looked at lierasaman may look, half-dazzled, at tho sun. Ho coiild not have told you what slio wore— pink and white clouds, it seemed to him— ho only know two brown luminous, laughing eyes wore look ing into his, and turning his brain with their spell. ' You are sure I will do ? You aro sure you will not bo ashamed of mo to-night?' her laughing voice asked again. Ashamed of her — ashamed ! He laughed aloud, at lier stupendous joke, as he drew her arms within his, and led her into tho thronged room, as some favoured subject may once in his life lead in a queen. Perhaps there was excuse for him. ' I shall look my best in anything,' slio had said, in her disdain, and she had kept her word. She wore a dress that seemed alternately com posed of white tulle and blnsh-roses ; she liadi roses in her rich, dark hair, hair always beau tifully worn; Sir Victor's diamond betrothal ring shone on her finger ; round her arching throat, she wore a splendid line of yellow gold, Sir Victor's portrait. That was her ball array, a locket, set with brilliants, attached. The locket had been Lady Helena's gift, and held and she looked as though she were floating iu her fleecy white draperies, lior perfumery, roses, aud sparkling diamonds. Tho dark eyes outshone the diamonds ; a soft flush warmed either cheek. Yes, she was beautiful ; so beautiful that saner men than lier accepted lover, might have been pardoned if for a moment they lost their heads. Lady Helena Powyss, in sweeping moire and jewels, receiving her guests, looked at her, and drew one long breath of great relief. She might liavo spared herself all her anxious doubts and fears — low-born and penniless, as she was, Sir Victor Catheron's bride would do Sir Victor Catheron honor to- night. Trixy was there — Trixy, resprentent in pearl silk, with a train half the length of the room, pearl silk, point lace, white camellias, and Neapolitan corals and cameos, incrusted with diamonds — Trixy, in all the finery six thousand dollars can buy, drew a long breath of great and bitter envy, j ' If one wore the Koh-i-noor and Corona tion Robes,' thought Miss Stuart, sadly, ' she would shine one down. She is dazzling to-night. Captain Hammond,' tapping that your warrior with her point lace fan, ' don't you think Edith is, without exception, the i most beautiful and elegant girls in the rooms ?' At the gallant captain bows, profoundly, and answers, with a look that points the speech : 'With o-ie exception, Miss Beatrix, only one.' Charley is there, and perhaps there can be no doubt about it, that Charley is, without | exception, far and away, the best-looking man. Charley gazes at his cousin for an in stant, on the arm of her proud and happy lover, radiant and smiling, the centre of all that is best in the room. She lifts her dark laughing eyes, as it chances, and brown and gray meet full. Then he turns away to a tall, languid, rather passee, lady, who is walking slowly by his side. ' Is Miss Darrell really his cousin ? Really ? How extremely handsome she is, and how perfectly infatuated Sir Victor seems. Poor Sir Victor ! What a pity there is insanity in the family — insanity is such a very shocking thing. How pretty Miss Stuart is looking this evening. She has heard — it is true — can Mr. Stuart inform her — are all American girls handsome ?' ? And Charley — as Captain Hammond has done — bows, and looks, and replies : ' I used to think so, Lady Gwendoline. I have seen English girls since, and think diffe rently.' Oh, the imbecile falsehoods of Society ! He is thinking, as he says it, how pallid and faded poor Lady Gwendolino is looking in her dingy green satin and white Brussels lace overdress, her emeralds and bright golden hair — most beautiful and most expensive shade to be had in London. He is thinking how the Blanc de Perle and rouge vegetal are showing on her three-and-thirty-year-old face, and what his life would be like, if he listened to his father and married her. He shudders inwardly, and gives it up — ' that way madness lies ;' and while there is a pistol left, where- with to blow his brains out, he can still hope to escape a worse fate. But Lady Gwendoline, freighted with eleven season's experience, and growing seedy and desperate, clings to him as the drowning cling to straws. She is the daughter of a peer, but there are five younger sisters, all plain, and all portionless. Her elder sister, who chap erons her to-night, is the wife of a rich and retired manufacturer, Lady Portia Hampton. The rich and retired manufacturer has pur chased Drexel Court, and it is Lady Portia's painful duty to try and marry her sisters off. The ball is a great success for Edith Dan-ell. The men rave about her, the women may sneer, but they must do it covertly ; her beauty and her grace, lier elegance and high breeding, not the most envious dare dispute. Music swells and floats deliciously — scores are suitors for her hand in the dance. The flush deepens on her dusk cheeks, the streaming light in her starry eyes — she is dangerously 1 brilliant to-night. Sir Victor follows in her train whenever his duties allow him ; when he dances with others his eyes follow his heart, and go after her. There ; is but one in those thronged rooms for him — one who is his idol —his darling*— the pride, tho joy, tho desire of his life. ' My dear, I am proud of you to-niglit,' Lady Helena whispers once. ' You surpass yourself — you are lovely beyond compare. You do us all credit.'' And Edith Darr ell's haughty eyes look up for a moment, and they are flashing through 1 tears. She lifts tho lady's hand with exquisite grace, and kisses it. Then smiles chase away tears, and she is gone ouo tlio arm of somo devoted cavalier. Once — only once, she dances with Charley. She has striven to avoid him — no not that, either — -it is he who has avoided lier. She has scon him — let lier be surrounded by scores, she has seen him whispering with Lady Gwendoline. It is Lady Gwendoline ho leads to supper, and it is after supper, with the enchanting strains of a Strauss filling tho air, that ho comes up and asks her for that dance. ' I am sure I deserve it for my humility,' ho says, plaintivoly. 'I have stood in tho back ground, humbly, and afar off, and given you up to my betters. Surely, aftor all the bitter pills I have been swallowing, I desorvo one sugar-plum.' She laughs— glances at Sir Victor, making his way toward her, takes his arm rather liui° riodly, and moves off. ' Is Lady Gwendolino a pill or a sugar plum?' sho asks. 'You certainly scom to have had an overdose of lier.' 'I owo Lady Gwendolino my cloopest thanks,' ho answered, gravely. ' Her efforts to keep mo amused this evening liavo boon worthy of a better cause. If the deopost grat itudo of a too-trusting heart,' gays Charley, laying his hand on the left side of liis white waistcoat, ' bo any reward for such service, it is hers.' They .float away. To Edith, it is the one dance of the night. She hardly knows whether she whirls in air or on tho waxed floor ; she only knows that it is like heaven, that the music is celestial, and that it is clasping her close. Will she ever waltz with him again, sho wonders, and sho fools, feels in her in most heart, that slio is sinning against her affianced husband in waltzing with him now. But it is so dolicious — what a pity most of the delicious things of earth should bo wrong. If it could only last forever — forever ! And while she thinks, the music stops. ' Oh, Charley ! that was a waltz !' sho says, leaning on him heavily, and panting. 'No one else has my step as you havo it.' ' Let us trust that Sir Victor willlearnit,' he responds, coolly; 'here he comes now. It was a charming waltz, Dithy, but, charming things must end. Your lawful proprietor approaches ; to your lawful proprietor I resign you.' He was perfectly unfluslied, perfectly unex cited. Ho bows, smiles, yields lier to Sir Victor, and saunters away. Five seconds later, lie is bending over Lady Gwendoline's chair, whispering in the pink, patrician ear. Edith looks once — in her heart, she hates Lady Gwendoline — looks once and looks no more. And as the serene Juno morning dawns, and larks and thrashes pipe in the trees, Lady Helena's dear five hundred friends, sleepy and pallid, get into their carriages and go homo. CHAPTER XVI. ' Oil, MY COUSIN, SHALLOW-HEARTED !' Tlie middle of the day is passed before one by one they straggle down. Breakfast awaits each new-comer, hot and tempting. Trixy eats hers with a relish. Trixy possesses one of the chief elements of perpetual human hap piness — an appetite that never fails, a diges tion that, in her own metaphorical American language, 'never goes back on her.' But Edith looks fagged and spiritless. If people are to be supernaturally brilliant and bright, dashing and fascinating all night long, people must expect to pay the penalty next day, when lassitude and reaction set in. ' My poor Edie !' Mr. Charles Stuart, re marks, compassionately, glancing on the wan cheeks and lustreless eyes, as ho lights his after-breakfast cigar. 'You do look most awfully used up. What a pity, for their peace of mmd, somo of your frantic adorers of last night can't see you now. Let me recommend you to go back to bed, and try an S. and B.' ' An ' S. and B.' ?' Edith repeats, vaguely. ' Soda and Brandy. It's the thing, depend upon it, for such a case yours. I've been ?eedy myself before now, and know what I'm talking about. I'll mix it for you, if you like.' Tliereis a copy of Tennyson, in blue and gold, beside, Miss Darrell .and Miss Darrell's reply is to fling it at Mr. Stuart's head. It is a last effort of expirinsr nature ; she sinks back exhausted among her cushions. Charley departs to enjoy his Manilla out under the waving trees, and Sir Victor, looking fresh and recuperated, strolls in and bends over her. ' My dear Edith,' he says, ' how pale you I are this morning — how tired you look ? If one ball is going to exhaust you like this,' how will you stand the wear and tear of London seasons in the blissful time to come ?' She does not blush — she turns a trifle impa tiently away from him and looks ont. She can see Charley and Hammond smoking sociably together in the sunny distance. ' I will grow used to it, I dare say. ' Suf ficient until the day is the evil thereof.'' ' Have you had breakfast?' ' I made an effort and failed. I watched Trixy eat hers, however, and that refreshed me quite as well. It was invigoration only to look at her.' He smiles and bends lower, drawino- ono long brown silken tress of her hair fondly through his fingers, feeling as though he would like to stoop and kiss the pale, weaiy face. But Trixy is over yonder, pretending to read, and kissing is not to be thought of. 'I am going over to Catheron Royals,' ho whispered; 'suppose you come — the walk will do you good. I am giving orders about the fitting up the old place. Did I tell you tho workman came yesterday?' ' Yes, you told me.' ' Shall I ring for your hat and parasol ? Do come, Edith.' 'Excuse me, Sir Victor,' Edith answers, with an impatient motion. ' I feel too tired — too lazy, whichever you like — to stir. Some other day I will go, with pleasure — just now I feel like lying here and doing the clolee far niente. Don't let me detain yon, however.' He turns to leave her, with a disappointed face. Edith closes lier eyes, and takes an easier position among the pillows. The door closes behind him; Trixy flings down her book, and bursts forth : ' Of all the heartless, cold-blooded animals it has ever been my good fortune to meet, commend me to Edith Dan-ell !' Tho dark eyes unclose and look up at her. ' My dear Trixy ! what's the matter with you now ? What new enormity havo I com mitted?' ' Oh, nothing new — nothing new at all,' is Trixy's scornful response. 'It is quite in keeping with the rest of your conduct. To be purely and entirely selfish is tho normal state of tho future Lady Catheron ! Poor Sir Victor ! who has won you. Poor Charley who has lost you. I hardly know which I pity most.' 'I don't see that you need waste your precious pity on either,' answered Edith, perfectly unmoved by Miss Stuart's vituper tion; 'keep it for me. I shall mako Sir Victor a very good wife, as wives go, and for Charley— well, Lady Gwendoline is loft to consolo him.' 'Yes, of course, thoro is Lady Gwendolino. Oh, Edith ! Edith ! '\\\fhafc aro you mado of ? Flesh and blood, like other people, or wax work, with a stono for a heart ? ? How can 'you soli yourself, as you are going to do P Sir Vintm- Hnf.W™ ? £. o __ , ,, — ? ? ™ jutiuumms hall -por tor, and yet you persist in marrying him. You lovo my brother, and yet you hand him over to Lady Gwendolino. Como, Edith, bo honest for onco ; you lovo Charley, don't you?' 'It is rather Iato in tho day for such tender confessions as that,' 'Edith replies, with a reckless sort of laugh. 'But, yes — if tho declaration does you any good, Trixy — I lovo Charley.' . _ ' And you givo him up ! Miss Dai-roll, I give you up as a conundrum I can't solvo. Rank and title aro all very well — nobody thinks xnoro of thorn than I do; but if I loved a man,' cried Trixy, with kindling eyes anff glowing cheeks, ' I'd marry him !- Yes, I would though ho wore a beggar.' , Edith looked up at her kindly, with a- smothered sigh. ' I believe, you Trixy ; but then you arc differ ent from me.' She half-raised borsolf, look ing dreamily out on tho sunlit prospect o£. lawn, and coppice, and woodland. 'Hercifc is : I lovo Charley, but I love myself better, j Oh, Trixy, child, but don't let us talk about it ; I am tired and my head aches.' She pushed back the heavy, dark hair wearily off her temples with both' hands. ' I am what you call mo, a, selfish wretch—a heartless lit tle brute — and I am going to marry Sir Vic tor Catheron. Pity him, if you like, poor fellow ! for lie loves mo with his whole heart, and lie is a bravo and loyal gentlemon. But don't pity your brothor, my dear ; believe me, he doesn't need it. He's a good fellow, Char ley, and he likes me, but he won't break his heart or commit suicide while lie has a cigar left.' 'Hero he comes!' exclaimed Trixy, 'and I believe he has heard us.' ' Let him come,' Edith rotrns, lying list lessly back among her cushions onco more ' It doesn't matter if ho has. It will bo no news to him.' 'It is a pity you shall miss each other, though,' Trixy says, sarcastically, as slio turns to go ; ' such thorough philosophers, both ; I believe you were made for each other and, as far as easy-going selfishness is con cerned, there is little to choose between yon It's a thousand pities Sir Victor can't hear all this.' ' Ho might if he liked,' is Edith's. answer. 'I shouldn't caro. Charley!' as Charley comes in and Trixy goes out, ' havo you been eavesedropping ? Don't deny it, sir, if yon have!' (To be Continued.) 