TAM GHOST STORY , AT HAMPTON COURT. At la®t the reproach of the Peyclilaal Rssean'-h Society U taken away. It has always Been the joke against them that they who seek perseveringly the speotral cx- pvieocee which others would ronlv be too glah io avoid, never succeed In getting a ghast to take any notice of them. The mere presenile in a haunted house of one of these investigators waa enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it ; for, as Mr Lang puts it— When too fflum ResearcbeT come The brutes of bodies— 0! But at last better luck has attended them. In the forthcoming number of 4 Borderland" the asaistout editress, a lady well known in 14 psychical circles' as Miss X., tells the following tale of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will be seen that the spectre was not only proof against the dis couraging influences of the S.P.R.r hot was not even frightennd away by an artioleon Pimelalism. A tough chosfc this SLEKHIfC I> A HAUNTET) ROOM. I recently found myself the guest of a lady occupying a pleasant suite of roams in Hampton Court Palace. My room was quaintly pretty, but somewhat peculiar in arrangement, and lighted only from the roof. Tbe folding doors ware locked ; more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other side, and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead was a email one withonr curtains ; indeed, t ie room contained no hangings whatever. The door into the room opened so near to the head of the bod that there waB room between only for a very small tabic, upon which I took care to place two long candles and a; plentiful supply of matches, being somen list addicted to lata and early reading. I sat np in bed and gave my best attention to Lord Farrcr'e problem, 44 hall we Degrade our Standard of Value?" in the National Review. When I finished the artiole, as the clock struck half-past one, I considered tuy#clf absolved from further responsibility, and put out my liirbts, aod wb« asleep before the next quarter sounded. aWaekd ! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly awakened irom dreamless slumber by the seuud of the opsning of a door agaiust which some piece of furniture wan standing, in. bs it secrnvd, the empty room to my right. I remembered tlie cat, and tried to conceive by what kind of rampaging" she could contrive to be so noisy. a minute later there followed a thud, apparently on tbis side of tbe folding doors. "A drew fallen in tbe wardrobe," was my next thought, and I fit retched out iny left band for iho njatah-box, asa preliminary to in quiry. tjjh TOl'Lll OF a Sl'ertiiai. hand. I did net reach the matches. It seemed tome that a detaining band was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gjzed around into the darkness. Some minutes pawed in blackness and ulence. I had tin- sensation of a presence in the room, and finally, mindful of the tradition tbat a ghoit should be spoken to, I said gently, 41 Is anyone there V 'Jan I do aoythiuu for you?" I reinembarod that the last person wbo entertained 41 the Ghost" had said 44 Go awav, I don't want you i" and I hoped thai mv visitor would admire my better marnere and be kiud. However, there was no answer — no sound of auy krad ; and return ing to my theory of the cat and the fallen drese, though nevertheless influenced by the recollection of those detaininc fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round niv bed, keeping the right hand on the edge of the bedstead, w hile with my left arm extended I swept tho surround ing space. As the room is small I thus fairly well 6ati£fied myeelf that it contained nothing unusual. TUK Ai'J'AKITlON an!» ITS I.ii.ht. I wstf, though somewhat perplexed, about to irmnt myself licanse to go to sleep again, when in the darkness before mo there began to z:low a soft light. I watched it. incrvuse iu brigbtne.-S aud in exUuL It seemed io tftdiate from a central poiut, which gradually took form and became a t all, eligbt woraaa, moving slowly across liie room from the folding d jors oa mv ri::h«. As she passed tiie foot of my hea I felt a slicht vibration in tho spring mattress. At tbe further i.orner she Ftop2>ed, so tbat 1 had time 10 observe her jrofile aud geueral appearance. Her face w.u> insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty- five years ox age, her figure tlighi, Lor dress of a dark Hoft material, having a full sknt aud a broad sash or soft waifibaml lied higb up, almost under the arrrs, a cruetcd or draped kerchief over the tboulders, aud sleeve which I noticed fitted very light below the elbow, and hair winch was dressed so as not to lie flat to tbo head, either in curls or 44 bows," I could not tell which. As she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty as to tho color, but the drove, though dark, waB, I think, not black. In t>pite of all this defiaiuvenees, I perceived the fi.xure to be unsubstantial, aud I felt guilty of absurdity inaskingonce more, 44 Will you let me help vou ? Can I bo of any use to you : " THJ. Klio-T liNUi-X AMJ u1saite.VUS. My voice sounded preteruaturally loud, hut I ielt no f-urprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. tSbe Blood still for perhaps two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate time on such r.ccabione. She then raised her hands, which were long aud white, and held them before her ai she sank upon her kuecs aud slowly buried her face in the prims, ia the attitude of prayer— when quite suddenly the light went out and I was alone in the d&rkncBs.; I felt that the ecene was ended, the cur tain down, and had no hcriiation in lighting the candle at my side. I tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I felt that it was definitely that of reproach, yet of gentle resignation. There w&; no force, no passion ; 1 had seen a meek, sad woman, who bad eucoumbod. I began to turn over io my mind the illurtrioud na.neH of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one — abadmaoof the worst kind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness and folly, the Regency — I 1 bought ,of the secret passage in the next room, and began to weave au elaborate romance. 41 This will not do, here and now,' I re flected, as the clock struck four, and as an act of mental discipline X returned to my National Review. From Miss X's descriptions the ghost seems to be an unidentified spectre, at least a century later than the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry Yllt., who have hitherto been sup posed to be the oriy spectral occupants ot tha Palace. 