The Mystery of the Inn ; OR, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. 1 STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME,' AND REMORSE. CHAPTER XVIII. — (Continued.) Sou do n6t-prooo(,d,"'ahe murmured. "Pardon mo," said I ; and assuming a -nonohalance 1 was far from feeling, I commenced again. I had played with her fears. 1 would play with them further. I would sco how muoh she could \- bear. I resumed : "Years ago, when I was younger nnd had beon mistress of this place bub a Bliort time, there entered these doors, one evening at nightfall, a young couplo, Did you speak, mudamo? Excuse me, it was your daughter, thou ?" " Yes," chimed the latter, coming for ward and taking hor stand by the mother, greatly to tho delight of the gentlemen present, who asked for no thing better than an opportunity to ease upon her modost but exquisite face. " Yes, it was I. I am interested, that is all." I began to hate my role, but went on stolidly. "They wore a handsome pair, and I felt an interest in them at once. But this interest immeasurably heightened when tho young man, almost before the door had olosed upon them, drew me apart and said : " ' Madam, wo aro an unhappy ooapie. Wo have boon married just four jiouro.' " Hero I paused for breath, and bs take a good look at niadame. She was fixed as a stone, but her eyes wore burning. Evidently she expected tho relation of a story which she knew. I would disappoint her. I would cause in her first a shook of reliof, and then I would re-nwaken her fears and probe her very soul. Slowly, and as if it wero a matter of course, I proceeded to say: "It was a run-away match, and an the young husband remarked, ' a great disap pointment to my wife's father, who is an English general and a great man. My wife loves me, and will nevor allow her self to be torn from mo ; but she is not of age, and her father is but a few minutes' ride behind us. Will you lot us coino iu? Wo dare not risk tho en counter on tho road ; he would shoot me down -like a dog, aud that would kill my young wife. If we see him here, ho may take pity on our love, and—' " He needed to say no more. My own compassion had boon excited, as much by hor countenance as by his words, and I threw open the doors of this vory room. '"Go in,' said I, '1 have a woman's heart, and cannot bear to see young people- in distress. When tho general comes—' " 'We ehall hear him,' oried the girl ; ho has half-a-dozen horsemen with hitn.i We saw them when they wore on the brow of the hill.' "'Take comfort, then,' I cried, as I closed the door and went to see after the solitary horse whichjhad brought them. "But before I could provide the ineal with which I meant to strengthen them for the scene that must presently ensue, I heard tho anticipated clattering of hoofs, and simultaneously with it, tho unolosing of this door, And the cry of the young wife to her husband : " 'I cannot bear it. At his first words I should fall in a faint ; and how could I resist him then ? No, lot me fly ; let me hido myself; and whon ho comes in, swear that you are alono ; that you brought no bride ; that she left you at the altar — anything to baflle his rage and give us time.' " And the young thing sprang out bo- fore me, and lifting her hands, prayed with great, wide-open oyes that I would aBaiBt the lie, and swear to hor father, when he camo in, that hor husband had ridden up alouc. " I was not as old then as I am now, I say, and 1 was very tender towards youthful lovers. Though I thought the scheme a wild ono and totally impracti cable, she eo governed mo by her looks and tones that I promised to do what she BBked, saying, however, that if she hid herself she must do it well, for if she wero found my reputation for reliability would be ruined. And standing there where you eee that jog in the wall, she promised, and giving just ono look of love to her'companion, who stood white -but firm- on the threshold, she sped from our sight down the liall. " A moment later the general's foot was whore hors had beon, and tho general's 'roice was .filling the house, asking for his ' bter. ''You have boen pleased to think she was with me all these miles, but you will not find her. You can search if you please. I have nothing to eny against that. But it will be time wasted.' " 'We vvill see about that. Tho girl ie here, is she not!' the father asked, turn ing to me. " 'No,' was my firm reply ; ' she is not.' I do not know how I managed the jlie, but I did. Something in the young jihan's. aspect had nerved me. I began to :>tltink she would not be found, though I could see no good reason for this con clusion. " 'Scatter 1' ho now snoutod to his fol lowers. ' Searoh tho house well. Do -not leavo a nook or cranny unponetrated. I am not General B for nothing." And turning to me, he added: 'You have brought this on yourself by a lie. I saw my daughter in this fellow's arms _ tney passed over the ridge of the hill. She is hero, and in half an hour will be in my hands.' _ " But the cloak-on tho -staircase struok not only tho half-hour, but the hour, and yet, though every room and corridor, the cellar and the garret, -wore aeorched, no' tokon was found of the young wife's pre sence. Meanwhile tho . husband stood like a statue on the threshold, waiting with what seemed to me a strange certi tude, for the.return of the father and his fruitless searoh. . "''Has she rcscaped from one of the windows-?' I asked, moving myself to a ttrange-curiosity. , '"Qe looked -at me, but made no answer. I " 'Itisidark ; it is late. If tbe general chooses tofrema'in here to-night— ' '" He will not find, her,' was the reply. " I was frightened— I know not why, but I was frightened. The young man jkad a-supernatural air. I began to think of. demon lovers, and was glad when the ... general finally; appeared, storming and :caving. 'Itl'ia-,ar aenflpiraoy lwaa , his, cry. ' You are all in lenguo to deceive mo. Whore is my. daughter, Mrs. l'ruox ? I ask you beoause you have a charaoter to lose.' " 'It is impossible for mo to tell you,' was my reply. 'If -she was to bo found in my house, you must liavo found her. As you have not, there is but ono con clusion to draw. She iB not wilhin these walls.' " 'She is not outside of thorn. I set a watoh in tho beginning, at the four corners of the house. None of my men have seen so muoh as the flutter of her dress. She is hero, I say, and I aBk you to give her up.' " 'This I am perfectly willing to do,' I rejoined, ' but I do not know where to find her. Lot that but onoo bo dono, and I shall not stand in the way of your rights.' " 'Very well,' ho cried. ' I will not Bearch further to-night ; but to morrow — " A meaning gesture finished his sentence ; ho turned to tho young man. 'As for you, you will remain here. Unpleasant ns it may be for us both, we will keep ouch other's company till morning. 1 do not insist upon converss tion.' "And without waiting for a reply, the sturdy old soldier took up his station in the doorway,- by whioh. action he not only shut the young man in, but gave himself a position of vantage from which ho could Burvey the main hall aud the most promi nent passages.' "The rest wore under charge of his followers, whom he had stationed all through the house, just as if it were in a state of siege. One guarded the east door and another tho west, and on eaoh landing of the Btaircase a sentinel stood, silont but alert, like a pair of living statues. " I did not sleep that night ; the mys tery of the whole affair would have kept mo awake even if my indignation had let me rest. I sat in the kitchen with my girle, nnd when the. morning came I joined the general again with offers of a breakfast. " But ho wonld eat nothing till ho had gono through tho house again nor would ho eat here at all."- -> Tho goneral's second search ended as vainly as his first, and he was by this time so wroth, not only at the failure to recover his child, but at tho loss which his dignity had Buffered by this failure, that he had no sooner ronchod this spot, and found the young husband still standing where he had left him, than with a smothered execration, levelled not only nt him, but the whole house, he strode out through tho doorway, and find ing his horse ready saddled in front, mounted and rode away, followed by all his troop. " And now comes the strangest part of tho tale. " Ho was no sooner gone, and tho dust from his horse's hoofs loBt in tho distance, than I turned to tho young husband and cried : "'And now where is she? Let us have hor here at once. She must bo hungry, and Bho must be eold. Bring her, my good sir.' " 'I do not know where she is. Wo must bo patient. She will return herself as eoon as she thinks it safe.' " I could not believe ray earn. " 'You do not know where she is ?' I repeated. 1 How could you be so self- possessed through all theso hours, and all this maddened searching, if you did mot know she wbb safe ?' " 'I did know she was safe. She swore tome before she set foot upon your door step that she could hide herself in these walls that no one could ever find hor till she chose to reveal horBelf ; and I be lieved her, and felt secure.' " I did not know what to say, " 'But eko is a stranger,' I mur mured. ' What does Bhe know about my house?' " 'She is a stranger to you,' he re torted, 1 but sho may not be a stranger to the house, How long have you lived here ?' , " I could not say long. It was at tho most but a year, so I merely shook my head, but I felt strangely non plussed. " This feeling, however, Boon gave way io one much more serious as the moments fled by and presently tho hours, and she did not come. . Wo tried to curb our im patience, triod to believe that her delay was only owing to extra caution ; but as morning wuxed to noon, alarm took the place of satisfaction in our breasts, and we began to searoh the house ourselves, calling her name up and down the halls and through the empty roomB, till it soemed ae if the very walls must open and roveal us the being 'so frantically desired. Sho is not in the house,' I now as- serted to tho almost frenzied bridegroom. ' Our lies have come back upon our heads, and it is in the river we mutt look for her.' " But he would not agree with me in this, and repeated again and again : " 'She aaid she would hide here. She would not decoivo mo, nor would she havo sought death alone. Leave me to look for her anothor hour. I must, I can, I will find her yet 1' " But he never did. After that last fond look with which she turned down that vory hall you see before you, we saw. her no moro ; and if my house owns no ghost and never echoes to the sound of a banshee's warning, it is not because it does not own a mystery, whioh iB cer tainly thrilling enough to give us either." " Oh I" oried out several voices, as I oeaBed, " is that all? And what became of the poor bridegroom ? And did the father ever come baok? And haven't you ever really found out-.where the poor thing wont to ? And do you think she died?" For reply I rose. I had never taken my eye oil madame, and the Btrain upon ub both had been terrible ; but I let my glance wander now, and smiling genially into the eager faces whioh had orowdea around me, I remarked : ' "I never spoil a good story by too many explanations. You have heard all you will from me to-night. So do not question me further. Am I not right, madame ?" ' " Perfectly," came in her even tones. "And I am Bute we are all very much obliged to you." I bowed and slipped away into the baok-ground. 1 was worn out. An hour later 1 was passing through the hall above on my way to my own room. As I passed madame's door, 1 saw it open, and before I had taken three steps away I felt her soft hand on my ,»rm. '.' Your pardon, Mrs. Trnax," were her words: "bnt my daughter has been peculiarly affeoted by the story you re lated to ub below. She says it is woiae than any ghoBt story, and that she can not rid herself of the picture of the young wife flitting out of sight down the hall. I am really afraid it has produced a very_ bad effect upon her.. and -that aho will not sloop. Is ii— was it a true atory, Mrs. Truax, or were you merely weaving fancies out of- a too fanciful brain?" I Bmiled, for she was smiling, and shook my head, looking diroctly into her eyes. " Your daughter need not loso hor sleep," I said, on account of any story of mine. I saw they wantod something blood-curdling ; eo I made up a talo to please them. It wsb nil imagination, madame ; all imagination. I should not have told it if it had boon otherwise. I think too muoh of my houBe." " And you had nothing to found it upon ? J ust drew upon yo.ur fenoy ?" I smilod. Hor light tone did not de ceive ma as to the anxiety underlying all this ; but it was not in my plan to betray my powers of ponobration. I preferred tbat she should think me her dupe. . " O," I returned, as ingenuously as if I had never had a suspicious cnouglit, " 1 do not find it difficult tu weave a tale. Of courso, such a story could not bo true. Why, I should be afraid tu stay in tbe inn myself if it wore. 1 could nevor abide anything mysterious. Everything , with mo must be as opeu us tho day." " And with mo," she laughed ; but there was a falso note in hor mirth, though' I did not appear to notice it. "1 did not Bupposo the story was real, but I thought you inuBt have had somo old tra- ditfori to found it upon ; somo old wife's tale or some secret history which is a part and pnrcel of. tho houso, aud eame to you with it." But I shook my head, still smiling, and answered, quite at my ease : " No old wife'B tale that I havo over heard amounts to muoh. I can make up a hotter story any day than those whioh come down with a house liko this. It waB all the work of my imagination, I as sure you. I tried to please them, and I hope I did it." Her face changed at once. Ib was as if a black voil had been drawn away from it. " My dauglitor will be so relieved," she affirmed. "I don't mind such lugubrious tales myself, but she ia young nnd sensi tive, and so tender-hearted. I am sure I thank you, Mrs. Truax, for your consi deration, and beg leave to wish you a good-night." I returned her civility, and we passed into our several rooms. Would I could know with what thoughts, for my own wero as much a mystery to me ae wore hero. October 9, 1791. Madame never addressee her duughtor by hor iirst name. Consequently wo do not know it. This ia a matter of surpriso to tho wholo houso, ar.d many ure the conjectures utterod by tho young men as to what it oan bo. I havo no espocin) curiosity about it — I would much rathor know tho mother's — and yot I frequently wonder ; for it seems unnatural for o mother always to address her child as Mademoiselle. Is she her mother ? I sometimes think she is not. If the interest in tho oak parlor is what I think it is, thon Bho can not be, for what mother would wish to bring peril to her child ? And peril lies at the bottom of all interest there ; peril to tho helpless, the trusting and tho ig norant. But is she as intorestod there as I thought hor ? I have observed nothing lntely to assure mo of it. Perhaps, aftor all, I have been mistaken. CHAPTER XIX. IN THE HALES AT MIDNIGHT. October 10, 1791. I was not mistaken. Madame is not only interested in, but has seriouB de signs upon the oak parlor. Not content with roaming up and down tho hallway loading to it, she waa detected yestorday morning trying to open its door, and whon politely questioned as to what she waa seeking, answered that she was look ing for the eitting-room, which, by the way, ia on the other sido of tho house. And this is not all. As I lay in my bod last night, resting as only a weary woman can rest, I heard a light tap at my door. Rising, I opened it, and was astonished to see standing before me the light figure of mademoiselle. "Excuse mo for troubling you," said sho, in her puro English — thoy both speak good English, though with a foroign accent — " I am sorry to wake you, but L am so anxious about my mother. She want to bed with mo, and wo fell fast asleep ; but when I woke a little while ago she waa missing, and .though I have waited for her a long time, she does not return. I am not woll, and easily frigh- toned I O, how cold it is." I drew her in, wrappod a shawl about", hor, and led her baok to her room. " Your mother will return speedily," I promised. " Doubtless she felt restless, and is taking a turn or two up arid down the hall." " Perhaps ; for her dressing-gown and Blippers are gono. But she never did any thing liko this before, and ill a strange house—" A slight trembling stopped the young lady from continuing, Urging her to get into bed, I spoke one or two further words of a comforting na ture, at whioh tho lovely girl seemed .to forget her pride, for ehe threw her arms about my neck with a low sigh, and pushing me softly from her, observed : " You are a kind woman ; you make me feel happier whenever you speak to mo." ... Touehed, I made some loving reply, and withdrew. I longed to linger, longed to tell her how truly I was her friend ; but..I, feared the mother's return — feared to miss the knowledge of madame's whereabouts, which my secret suspicion made important; so. I subdued my feel ings and - hastened quickly to my room, where I wrapped myself in a long, dark cloak. Thus equipped, I stole back again to the hall, and gliding with as noisoless a step as possible, found my way to tho baok stairs, down which I orept, holding my breath, and listening intently. To many who road theBe words, the situation of those baok stairs is woll known ; but there may -be others who will not understand that thoy lead directly, after a couple of turne, to that hall upon which opens the oak parlor. Fivo steps from the lowor floor there is a landing, and upon this landing there is a tall Dutch clook, so placed as to offer a very good hiding-place behind it . to anyone anxious to gaze unobserved down the hall. But to reaoh the elook oue has to pass a window, and as this looks south, and was upon this night open to the moonlight, I felt that the situation demanded oiroumspeotion. . . TO BE CONTINUED i Never- show impatience. Always defend the absent ns far as truth -will, admit; . ' Knowledge of ourMuties'In - the-most use f ol part of philosophy. Prejudice, which eeoma what it pleases, Mfinnt nBB.wjmt is.plain fly .. . - M:' 