" " THE DEBATE ON GHOOTS! ' 'h >-Tb Tnx Euros. 7':, Srm,— Yonroortosptnlenk wnting under, the non depfNDMof Bttit PwiorMhJiaridg adoess only to your nooeatarily brief report of my addrua at the Debating .Society on Tneedaywook last, u imperfectly srind of my-arguments and contentions. I beg therefore to restate a.pomoifnf them; .and, at tho same time, to meet hie objections re the so-called " olothins" of thedisemhodind spirit. \- I sirgiie tha't if wo . .boliove tho .Biblp,.to contain truth, sire inust accept its testimony toihe (net thst, spirits of tho deported have beonpermittod to appear to other spirits olad in the garment of mortalitj, : I quoted the instances of SaniUdl appear ing to Saul, Moses' and, Elijah to Pator Jamos and John, the 'many saints which " appeared unto tnauy'.'. in Jeruaalom,' and tno ease 01 the Lord Jesus After his resur rection. 1 . . Thoea-irf stances must, it soema to me, be conclusive tothe idind of a believer in the Biblo: " ' ' _ I also showed that the body of tho oarth lifoJ-th'o gnrmcnt rtf flesh — does not livo again after death, but returns to the dust from which it sprang, . ' This I maintained on ths authority of tho Apnstlo St. Paul, who says (I Cor. xv. 37), that tho body buried is "not that body that shall bo", nnd that tho disembndiod spirit is, by God, clothed in a " spiritual,",. " ce lestial," or " incorwptiblo1' body. N>w, the spiritual or celestial isu from its veiy nature, generally iiivuiblo to mortal eye. . when God inkis wisdom comimssions, or ponnitethe disembodied spirit to project itself upon man's visual organs, by produ cing a picture of itself npon the rdt'na, this ovidontly can only bo accomplished by a special power grantod by Him for that pur pose and inooisinn. ' Tho question thon is natural and revul.it t — how is the spiritual ontity iniido oognii - ablo by our physical' senses f Boforiing again to our great . authority, the Bible, wo, ; rocoivo. a distinct inferential reply— By as- sniningtho form of "nutural"or "torres-. trial bodr. ftereta soon, jbon, by tho privileged hqapn beidgs 'an appeartmct', or if your carrosoddont preiorsthe terms: spanpara- tion, or ghost. . ; Now. erith rogard ta- that appearance of , tho natural bodylsjt_7'liujjo" or clothnd ? If 'tho latter, their that garment .will 01- , vioualy bo, as in the esse dfJth'o body, "an appearance of olothioa. 'ri"" ® st,idy of this racor led instanoos in tho Biblo, that vesture.epems ta jiavoi boen an' appearance of drapery. In fhe oase of fkmuel it Supemed to the Wifeh of Endorlikoaa iprif (tho ' Hebrew w . d li translated in our A. V. " mantle."!): The "al ms » long white garment worn by thi High Priest under his ephod. It was leovelrea,' and reached to tho foot. In il Luke xxiv. 4, tho "HoiVenly visitants are described as wearing . " shining garmonts," and when the Lord Jrens' appoired to St. John (Bar. 1. 13.) Hoie'deacrrbsd by tho apostloas " clothed with d garment down to U10 foet and girt ebout tho pipe with a golden girdle.'.? I would, thon,a point out, that becaaso disembodied cpirite woro permitted to as- yuirie a'vuibla lorm, both oe regards body and clothing, it duos not follow that either tho ono ortbe other "was material ; but tho tejdilar clearly is, that they wore boto in- material. .1 trust, Mr. Editor, that I have sucoeel- od in making my position clear.' If. how- evor, I have not done so, and Salts Verior- um-dasiro ptura vcrboram, and would be willing to unclothe: himself of hit mantlo of anonymity, I shall be very gliad to meet him for tho purpose of talking qver this , impor tant matter in a friendly manner, . My object ic nottb gera'a vietory iri a wordy battle; but tohold dp the lamp of trufhosl havo reeaivAdutl'-V ' r;. Thankiiig yuu in anticipation ror your kindneat in inserting this nooeisarily some what lengthy opistle,- .- . Believe me, feithluljr. yours, WAIsTEB W. MANTELL.. . A peculiarly s.'U(»ident- -attedde4 With - fatal results occurred in Mel bourne-street on Saturday ' afternoon. -While -some boys were playing erihket a. ball struck a child named Alfred, Budd,-2 yeais-old,. nc'thnJbrefi Thebhild seteatoaW, andfell,bieediag profusely. Ho wasoarripd.to:, thq! inospital, wbioh was in ..olose " proxinly ity. bat life. was! oxtinot. 7C.-. ... -7; A suicide of a most determined qatare toOk plaoe at Kilmore last week.wben Mr. Fr«nbis J. Holman, the proprietor of a local ! ham and bacon" oaring establishment; blew -his biains out with a breaoh-loadihg gilh. The room presenlol a . fearful epeo- tacle, the .biqihs.. of.', the., poor Mow being scattehid over the ceiling and about, tho roajn, He was a married man about forty-eight years of ' age, and leaves a young iamily. Rraidwood,t«pnamof Saturday ihysr-The woathejr eontiiqiies /.yisty l Unlosi' raiiif fiiilli '&ortly; nqt ii a single aero ryill berflt , to oiltfoir haj. AlL'-tne'eaily sowii'bs arq' ruined. MOiwhiit ahill he produced- tierei this >)P!(lY -ot'"',bwqdstuff8 'have be brought from qlsewhere, , Many oattle ate still dyltig,' gross being so wmroej Wdtor - is: abundant : in '-'all direetions. It Is reckoned' that this i8-ithe best wdtewd-'sdiStricf : in ,fie' cololiy. > , ' ' " ,k 