Renshaw m dy beatiw Author of " The Gua-Ruimer, a Romaa-e of Zul-n y/Jjjfk M| I? P land," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through the \ Zulu Country : Ite Battlefields and its People," etc. ( CHAPTER XXXVi.— Seelon's Last Lie. | Bat that he held the key to it in the shape of-Violet's communication, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Seilon not a little. Now, however, it in no wise disconcerted him ; rather, it struck him in the light of a joke. He had got his cue, and meant to act np to it. i So when his somewhat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a private interview, he replied with the jolliest laugh in the world. Certainly, certainly, my dear iellow. Delighted. Well, Miss Effie " — as that young person ran against them in the hall — " here I am, back again to tease yon, you see." " Where's Uncle Renshaw, Mir Sellon ?" said the child. Maurice stared. The straight question — the straight look accompanying it, discon certed him for a moment. " Renshaw ! Oh, coming on," he answered quickly, 44 coming on. Be here soon, I daresay." He had made the same sort of reply to the same inquiry on the part of his host. He thought he had done with the subjeet. It irritated him to be called upon to repeat the same lie over and over again. 44 By the way, Mr Sellon," began the latter. 44 did you get the letter I sent you at Maraisdorp ?" " Mister Sellon !" Maurice started. Old Chris was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thought, with an inward iaugb. " Not I," he answered. " Probably for the best of all possible reasons. £ didn't come through Maraisdorp, or anywhere near it." " Before going any further I want you to look at this," said Selwood, unlocking a . small safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. 44 Wait — excuse me one moment, I want you to look attentively at the direction first." He still held the envelope. Maurioe took one glance at the address — the handwriting and as he did so his face was not pleasant to , behold. " All right. I know that oaligraphy well enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha ! So she has been favoring you with her < peculiar views on things in general and me in particular. You ought to feel honored." "I? Favoring me?" echoed the other, in a state of amazement. "Yes — you. I suppose the communica tion is au interesting one." "My dear Sellon, look at the address again," said Christopher, handing him the envelope. 44 By Jove ! It's for me after all," looking at it again. 44 What a treat ! Why the devil can't the woman write legibly," he muttered. Then aloud : " Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Selwood." " Ha — 1 am very glad indeed to hear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake." 44 The devil you did I" " Yea. I can only tell you how sorry I am, and how I have spent life cursing my blun dering asinine stupidity ever since. But there is another thing. I feel bound in honor to tell you that I didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice rhere is no be ginning. I turned to the signature for en- ; lightenment, but between the first page and | the signature I did not read a word." Sellon burst into a roar of laughter — ap parently over the mistake, in -reality as he realised how quickly he would be in a posi tion to turn the enemy's flank. 44 My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich one. , See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells— eh ? But you don't suppose I am going to Bhare in your entertainment over this charming epistle? Not much, JuEt oblige me with a match." 44 Wait, wait," cried the other. 44 Better read it this time— or, at any rate, as much of it as it was my misfortune to see." " R'm ! Well, here goes," said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the envelope, as though It would burn his fingers. "Quite so," he went on, with a bitter sneer, run ning his eye down the sheet. " That's about enough of this highly entertaining-document. The rest can be taken as read, like a peti tion to the House of Commons. That match, if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind you, Selwood," he went on, watching the flaming sheet curling up in the grata, "I need hardly remind von how many men there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind yon, either, that a considerable per centage of these are entrapped and defrauded into the concern by lies and deception against which it is next to impossible for ainy man to guard— at all events, any young man. When to thie I add that there are women in thie world who, for sheer, gratuitous, uniform fiendishness of disposi tion nonld give the devil points and beathfin at an easy canter, I think I've said enough for all present purposes." "Thisis an, awkward and most unplear- sant business," said Selwood. " Exouseme : .» - " - _ ;"yX- if I feel bound to refer once more to that letter. The — er — writer makes reference by name to Miss Avory, who is a guest in my house, and a relation of my wife's — and that, too, in avery extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can." " My dear fellow, that's a little way of hers. I can assure you I am most awfully put out that you should hive been annoyed about the business. As to the mistake, don't give it smother thought." 44 How did Mrs— er — the writer — know Miss Avory was here?" This was a faeer — not so much the ques tion, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met her there at Snnningdale for the first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this side of it. 44 That's beyond me," he answered. " How did she know I was here ? For I need hardly tell you we don't correspond every mail exactly. I can only explain it on the score tnat more people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows ; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood who hail from the old country, or have relations there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than that ; upon business." " You will not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you were a married man." ' 4 Had been,' you should have Baid, not were.' Not but what legally I am still tied up fast enough — chained and bound — which has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all temptation to make a fool cf himself a second time in his life. Still, it doesn't connt otherwise " _ "No, I suppose not," said the other, significantly. 44 Perhaps it doesn't keep a man from making a fool of other people, though." 44 Now, my dear Selwood, what the very deuce are you driving at 7 For heaven's sake, let us be straight and open with each other." " Well, I mean this. It'b a most un pleasant thing to have to say to any man. But, you see, Miss Avory is our guest, and a relation as well. You must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very — er — marked." One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring, and which Maurice knew so well when to bring in, greeted this speech. "Look here, Selwood," he said, "I don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is, you don't understand women in the least. You are quite on the wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for me, or my attentions.' You must re member that we both knew — er — the same people in England. There, you must fill in the outline. I am not at liberty to say more. But there won't be much time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave you again to-morrow." To Christopher Sei wood's honorable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuine ness of this explanation. There was a frank straightforwardness about it which, with a man of his character, was bound to tell. He felt intensely relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. TT»d he not made an inordinate fuss over the concern at the start ? Had he not raised .a veritable storm in the teapot, and set everybody by the ears for weeks? Had he not iu his anxiety to unburden, himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favor of the less re liable decision of his wife ? In short, had he not made a consummate ass of all round ? Of course he had. " By the way, Selwood, there Is one thing I want to tell you about now we are to gether," said Maurioe, after a pause. " You and the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is, he is not with me, but I couldn't say so without entering into further explanations, which would certainly have alarmed the ladies. We found our ' Valley cf the Eye' all right, and adeooe of a job it was. Phengh I I wouldn't go on that iaunt again for twice the loot. The Eye u s genuine concern, I can tell you — a splendid stone. Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the day picking up a few other stones, and jnst as we were clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or Korannas, or whatever they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and then we had to separate— to throw them off the soeat, don't you see? We agreed to meet at his place— that fa, if we wore to meet anywhere again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal mountains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show my nose In the daytime, and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took am more than a week before I could fetch the river, and get -through to Farming's plaoe# and when I got there he hadn't turned ap. But I found a letter which had been Bent by speoial messenger, requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal bat important law business, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to ? itk,ny ®?iare the ewag when it came to dividing, for we hadn't had time to attend to that then, mad except a few small stones he has it all 1 him. ItH be something good, I guess. I dare say he's turned up kt boms egainjlong before this. He was just laughing fat hie slee ve at the idea of a few niggers like -that thinking to run him to earth. . And he seems to know that awful country like ABC. I never saw suoh a fellow." = ' That's bad news, Sellon, right bad news,1 said the other, shaking his head. " Renshaw has been all his life at that sort of thing, so we must hope he'll turn up all right. But— the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know." " Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from him almost directly." We may be sore that in narrating his ad ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his experi ences of the undertaking, or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had under gone a very hard time before he bad suc ceeded in striking the river at the dritt where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said, with breathless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Sel wood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his 6tory finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. " A regular cross-examination, confound it 1" he thought. And then, by way of a diver, sion, he went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of the expedition. These were ex amined with dne interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly -imported Briton — and to that extent a greenhorn I It be could find his way out and successfully dodge his pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer such as Renshaw would fare any worse? So on the latter's account they felt bat small anxiety. Not so Marian, however. A terrible suspicion had. taken shape within her mind during Sellon's narrative. "He has murdered him," she repeated to herself during a night of sleepless agony — such as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes be called upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to .herself — for the present at any rate. She was helpless. What could she do ? There was nothing to go npon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his de parture as he had announced his intention of doing, and the equanimity with which the circumstance was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on the previous evening, completely lolled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mind; confirming as it did- the other's frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet. CHAPTER XXXVII. — Fbom the Dars Rtveb's Beine. It was a weird picture. The grey rocks jutting forth into the evening stillness ; the spotted, creeping beast, gathering iteeii to gether for its deadly spnner ; the m&uf; weakened, helpless, lyino there at its mercy. Even then, so strange are the fantasies that cross the human brain at the most critical moments — even then, with a kind of grim humor it flashed upon Renshaw Fanning how thoroughly the positions were reversed. Many a time had the spotted pard fallen a victim to his sure aim ; now it had devolved upon one of the feline race to give him hi a death stroke. With bared fangs and snarling throat, the brute once more gathered itself to spring1. But instead of hurling itself upon the ptey before it, it uttered a yell of pain, and whisking half round seemed to be snapping at its own side. Its tail lashed convulsively, and a frightful roar escaped from its furry chest. There was a faint twanging sound beneath, and again something struck it, this time fair in the eye. Smu-ling hideously, the great be&st; reared itself np against the oliff, beating the air wildly with its formid able paws. Then its mighty bulk swaysd, toppled over and fell nwuting to the ground beneath. Thoroughly roused now, Renshaw peered cautiously over the ledge. But what he saw opened his eyes to the fact that this oppor- tune, this unlooked-for deliverance, was more apparent than real. In escaping from one peril he had only fallen into another. The huge cat was rolling and writhing iu Hie throes of death. Its slayer, an under sized, shrivelled barbarian, was approaching it cautiously — a naked Koraana, armed with hows and arrows and spear. But cautiously as Renshaw had peeped forth, the keen glanoeof the savage had seen him. Their eyes had met. He lay etill, thinking over to" last, this desperate chance. He was unarmed-— practically that is— for although he had a knife it was not likely the enemy would corns to such close quarters as to admit of its use- The latter with his bow and arrows would have him at toe most perfect disadvantage. He could climb up to toe ledge and finish frim off at hie leisure. For some minutes Renshaw lay still as death. Not a sound broke the silence, not a voice, not a footfall. Perhaps, after all, ha had been mistaken, and the ELoranna had not seen him. Or, more likely, to savage had started off to call up his companions, who probably were not far distant. Was it worth while utilising his ohances so fi» as to make one more effort to save fifa life, to strive to gain some other place of concealment before toe whole horde came np ? But jnst then a sound readied his ear — a faint, stealthy rasping. The Koranna was already climbing np to the ledge. \- The mysterous shuffling continued. A stone, loosened by the climber, fell clattering do wn toe rocks. Then there was silence ones more — and— A wruikled, pirohment-hued countenance reared itself up, peering round the elbow of toe cliff. The yeuoweyes stared a wild beast-like gleam, too blaok wool and protrud ing ears looking fiend-like in toe falling darkness. His hour had Some. Moment arily he expected to receive the fatal shaft. But it oame not. After the head followed the squat, ungainly body, atahdtog ufiright bn the ledge, the sinewy, upe-like hand, grasping its primitive, but fatal, armambnt-7- the bow and arrows and the spear. But the bow was not bent, no arrow was fitted to the fitting. - / Allamaghtag 1 Myn lieve Baas !" (Almighty ! My dear master?) f Ben8haw sat upright and Btared at the speaker, and well he might. Was he dream ing ! The old familiar Dutch colloquial- urn — the voice ! The squalid, forbidding-looking savage ad vanced, his puckered face transformed with concern. Benshaw stared, and Btared again. And then he recognised' the familiarr if unprepossessing, lineaments of his default ing retainer—old Dirk. The old Koranna rushed forward and knelt down at his master's side, pouring forth a voluble torrent of questions in the Boer dialect. How had he come there P Who had dared to attaok him ? Those Bohelm Bosjesmenchen! (Rascally Bushmen). He would declare war against the whole race of them. He would shoot them all And so on, and so on. Bat, amid all his chatter, the faithful old fellow, havmg dis covered where the wound was, had promptly ripped off Benshaw's boot. Yes, there it was — the poisoned puncture pf the Bushmau arrow — livid and swollen. For a moment Dirk contemplated it. Then he bent down and examined it more atten tively, probing it gingerly with his finger. The result seemed to satisfy him. 44 Nay, what, Baasje" — (Lit: 44 little master," a term of endearment) — 4 4 you will not die this time. The thick leather of the boot has taken off nearly all the poison, and the running you have had since has done thv rest. Still, it was a near thing — a near thing. 'Maghtaag ! — if the arrow had pierced you anywhere but through the boot, you would have been a dead man long since. Not this time — not this time." 14 And the tiger, Dirk?" said Renshaw, with a faint smile. 44 You are indeed a mighty hunter." For he remembered how often be had chaffed the old Koranna on his much vaunted prowess as a hunter, little thinking in what stead it shonld eventually Stand himself. 44 The tiger? Ja, Bass. I will just go down and take off his skin before it gets pitch dark. Lie you here and sleep. You are quite safe now, Baas, quite safe . You will not die this time — 'Maghtaag, no 1" So poor Renshaw sank back in a profound slumber, for he was thoroughly exhausted. And all through the hours of darkness, while the wild denizens of the waste bayed and howled among the grim and lonely mountains, the little weazened old yellow man crouched there watching beside him on that rocky ledge, faithfully, so lovingly. His Gomrade — the « hite man — his friend and equal —had deserted him — had left him alone in that desert waste to die, and this runaway servant of his — the degraded and heathen savage — clung to him in his extremity, watched by bis side ready to defend him if necessary at the cost of his own life. (to be continued.) 