FICTION. AN OAK COFFIN. CHAPTER IV. accompanied by Mackonzio, 1 mounted tho stairs and entered tho sick room. Ono glance at tho pntiont's face showed mo nil too plainly that I was in tho chamber of death. Mrs. Heatbeoto lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still tho hair of quito a young woman, was flung bnck over the pillow. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed thomsclvos on mo as I np- preached tho bedside. Something like tho ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. Sho mado an effort to strotoh out a shadowy hand to grasp mine. " Don't stir," I said to her. " Perhaps you want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I havo very good hearing, so you can speak as low as you ploaso." Sho smiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. "I have something to confess," she said, in a hollow whisper. "Send the nureo nnd —and Dr. Maokenzio out of tho room." I was obligad to explain tho dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. Ho called tho nurso to follow liim, and thoy immediately left the room. As soon as they had done so I bent my head and took ono of Mrs. Hoathcoto's hands In mine. " Now," I said, 11 take oomfort. God can forgivosln. You havo sinned?" "Oh, yes, yes; but how can you possibly know?" "Novcr mind. I am n good- jmlgo of obaraotor. If telling ino will rcliovo your consclonoo, speak." " Yos," I sold, " I guessed as roach." " Ho had Insured his llfo," she continued, " for— for about £15,000. Tho monoy was wanted to— to save us from dishonor. Wo managed to counterfeit— death." Sho stopped, as if unablo to prooccd any further. "A wcok ago," sho continued, "I —I saw the man who is supposed to be doad. Ho Is really dying now. ' Tno strnin of know ing that I could uo nothing for him— nothing to comfort his Inst moments—' was too horri- bib. 1 felt that I could not livo without him. On tho day of my illness I took poison, a preparation of Indian hemp. I meant to kill myself. I did not know that my object would bo effeoted in so torriblo a manner." Hero she looked towards the door. A great change cntno over her faco. Her oyes shone with sudden brightness. A look of awful joy filled them. Sho mado a frantio effort to ralBO herself in bed. I followed the direction of hor oyes, and thon, indeed, a startled oxclamation passed my lips. Gabricllc, with her cheeks crimson, her Hps tremulous, hor hair , tossed wildly about hor head and Bhouldors, was advancing into tho room, loading a cadaverous, ghastly- looking man by tho hand. In other words, Hcnthcoto himself in tho flesh had corao into his wifo's dying ohnmbcr. ' Oh, Homco! " sho exclaimed; "Horace —to dio in your arms— to know that you will soon join mo. This is too mueh bliss— this is too great joy ! " Tho man Knelt by hor, put his dyiug arms round her, and laid her iiend on his worn breast. .. tir 111 1 it 1 it «. t mi. uewiu iuuvu uioiu lukumiur, x saiu tu Gabriello. I took tho poor littlo girl's hand and led hor from tho room. Bho was lo a frantic stato of excitement. " I said ho was not dead," sho repeated — " I always said it. I was sitting by my window a few minutes ago, and I saw him in tho gnrden. This timo I was determined that ho should not oscapo me. I rushed downstairs. He know nothing until ho raw mo at his side. I caught his hand in mine. It was hot and thin. It was liko a skeleton's hand— only it burned with living fire. " Mother is dying— como to hor at onco," I said to him, and then I brought him into tho house." "You did well— you aoted very bravely," I replied to her. I took her away to a distant port of tho houso. An hoar Inter Mrs. Heatbeoto died. I was not with her when she breathed her last. My ono objeot now was to do what I could for poor littlo Gabriellc. In consequence, there fore, I mado arrangements to have an inter view with Hoathcoto. It was no longer pos sible for tho wretched man to remain in hiding. His own hours wcro plainly num bered, and it was moro thau evident that ho had only anticipated his real death by some months. I saw him the next day, and ho told mo in a fow brief words the story of his supposed death and burial. "Iam being severely punished now," ho said, 11 for tho ono great sin of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and, when a young man, was tempted to appropriate some trust funds— hoping, liko mauy another lmd dono before roc. to replace tho monev before tho loss was discovered, I married, nnd had a happy homo. My wife and I wcro de votedly nttached to caoh other. I was not strong, and moro than ono physioian told mo that I was threatened with a serious pulmo nary affection. About eight months ago tho blow whioh I never looked for fell. I need not enter into particulars. Sufilco it to say that I was oxpeotcd to deliver over £12,000, tho amount of certain trusts committed to mo, to their rightful owners within threo months' time. If I failed to realise this money, Imprisonment, dishonor, ruin, would bo roino. My wife and child would also bo reduced to beggary. I had effeoted an insur ance on my life for £15,000. If this sum oould be realised, it would cover tho deficit in the trust, nnd also lcavo a small overplus for tho use of my wife and daughter, I knew that my days wero practically numbered, and it did. not strike mo as a particularly heinous crime to forestall my death by a few months. I talked tho matter over with my wife, and at last got hor to consent to help me. We man aged everything cleverly, and not a soul sus- pootcd tho fraud which was practised on the world. Our old servants who had lived with us for years, wero sent away for n holiday. Wo had no servant in tho houso except a charwoman, who camo in for a certain num ber of hours daily." 44 You managed your supposed dying con dition with great skill," I answered. "That hemorrhage, tho ghastly expression of your face, wcro sufficiently real to deceive oven a keen and clever man like Mackenzie." Heatbeoto smiled grimly. " After all," ho said, " tno fraud was simplo enough. I took an emetic, whioh I knew would produce the cadavorous hue of ap proaching death, and tbo supposed hemorrh age was managed with somo bullock's blood. I got it from a distant butcher, tolling him that I wonted it to mix with meat to feed my dogs with." "And how did you deceive tho under taker's men ? " I asked. "My. wife insisted ou keeping my faco covered, nnd I managed to simulato rigidity. As to tho necessary coldness, I was cold enough lying with only a sheet over me. After I was placed in thocoflln my wife would not allow anyone to ontcr tho room but her self; sho brought mo food, of courso. Wo bored holos, too, in tbo coffin lid. Still, I shall novor forgot tho awful fivo minutos during which I was screwed down. " It was all managed with great expedition. As soon as evor tho undertaker's men could bo got out of tho way, my wife unscrewed tho coffin aud released me. We then filled it with floor, which wo had already seoured nnd hidden for the purpose. My supposed funeral took placo with duo honors. 1 left the houso that night, Intending to ship to America. Had I dono this, the appalling con?cquonccs which havo now ended in tho death of my wife might never havo taken place, but at tho eleventh hour my courage failed mo. I oould do much to shield my wife » nd child, but I could not endure the thought 9! nov«? seeing them again. Contrary to' all my wife's entreaties, I iusistcd on coming into the garden, for tho selfish pleasure of catching oven a glimpse of Gabriclic's little figure, as sho moved nlioiit her lied room. Sho saw me once, but I escaped through tho shrubbery and by a door which wo . kept ou purpose un locked, before she reached me. I thought 1 would never ngain transgress, hut once more the temptation assailed me, and I was not proof against It. My health failed rapidly. I mis really dying, nnd on tho morning when my wifo's illness begun had suffered from a genuine and very sharp attack of hemorrh age. Bho found mo in tlio wretched lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery, and almost destitution. Something in my nppearanco seemed suddenly to mnko her loose nil self-control. " Horace,' she exclaimed, ' I cannot stand this. When you die, I will die. Wo will carry our shame and our sorrow nud our unhappy lovo into tho grave, where 110 man can follow us. When you dio, I will die. Ob 1 to see you like this drives ntu mad ' " " Sho left me. She told mo when I saw her during those last fow moments yesterday that she had hnstencd her end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. That Is tho story. I know that I have laid myself open to crimi nal prosecution of 'tho gravest character, but I do not think I shall livo to go through it." Hcnthcoto was right. Ho passed away that evening quito quietly in his sleep. Poor littlo Gabriellc ! I saw her onco slnco her parent'e death, but it Is now a couple of rears siuco I have heard anythiug about her. Will sho ever get over tho severe shock to whioh sho was subjected? What dees the future hold iu store for her? I caunot an swer theso questions. Time alone' can do that. 