TWENTY WORKS BY TWENTY AUTHORS. No. 5. -The Marchioness of the Four Corners, A CANADIAN STORY* BY G. B. BCKGIN, Author of ' His Lordship,' ' A Quaker Girl,* ' Bread of Tears,' &c.; A COMPLETE STORY. [All rights reserved.] Chapter L ' ' The Marchioness ' of the Four Corners was aroused from deep slumber by a loud drum ming on the gaol door. Her little room opened upon the gaol kitchen. She found it handy, not only for the sake of the additional warmth . of the huge stove, but as being further away from the gaol itself, of which she had a whole some terror ever since a countryman of hers ( ' The Marchiones ' had first seen the light in Middlesex, England) died suddenly on a eome«fl what rough scaffold in the gaol yard. ThqJ countryman in question, after killing threeS men with an axe and burning two women tofl death with the powerful aid off a kerosene lamp^B pleaded hereditary insanity when brought taB trial. W In a new country like Canada such pleas arefl looked upon with marked disfavor; confl sequently the Englishman in question had paiJB the penalty of his crimes. In his last moments, ^ however, having heard that 'The Mar chioness' was a countrywoman of his and that she it was who prepared the delicate meals which softened his captivity, the murderer had requested the pleasure of her company at his obsequies. 'The Marchioness ' not daring to refuse this delicate mark of appreciation, buti trembling with terror, had stood beside the freshly-dug grave in one corner of the gaol yard, holding a dog's-eared prayer book in one hand, borrowed for the occasion, and a black bordered handkerchief in the other, thus adequately evincing her respect for '.the diseased, as she ever afterwards called her conntryman. Up to the time of that memorable experi ence 'The Marchioness,' slab-footed, angular, with watery grey eyes, narrow, doping shoulders, and scanty wisps of hay-colored hair, had nevfer known an element of romance in the 21 years of her life. She had been picked up by a philanthropic society and shipped to Canada in the hope that there would be a place for her in that generous, ample-bosomed country. When she reached the Four Cornere, however, the general opinion was that Canada had no room for so ' witless a crittur.' ' The Marchioness' sat on her box at the end of the wharf. 'Oh, if you please, take me to goal,' was all she answered in reply to the question ing crowd. When it was found that she had arrived at the Four Corners in a semi-public capacity, as it were, i.e., factotum and hired girl,' to cook for the gaol staff and prisoners, general commiseration was felt for the gaolers and their lambs. 'It's sorter playin' it low down on the pris'ners. Why, the sight of that scrawny, tallow-faced, ongainly female oughter take away what little appetite they've _gob left,' said Abe Millar, as he watched 'The Marchioness' disappear within the frowning gates of the road. 'The Marchioness's' apparent insensibility at the funeral of her erring countryman (in reality she had been almost beside herself with fright) tended still less to win for her the liking of Four Corners folks. She was nob sociable ; she kept herself te herself, and, crowning sin of all, never got any fatter on all the good food which she ate. During her brief hobaay 'The Marchioness' always strolled away into the bush in preference to mingling with the giddy crowd, although it was popu larly rumored that no mosquito would touch her, no horsefly cast a passing glance in her direction. She had no friends, no aims, no ambitions, no desires save to do her work and to be left alone. She was always grimy. Hence her sobriquet of 'The Marchioness ' by a facetious fellow-countryman who once stayed with the Presbyterian minister and went away deeply depressed by the sight of her unparal leled ugliness. Folk from the back settle ments had a lurking idea that she was an English lady of high degree who was allowed to keep her title when banished to Canada hy the English Government on account of her ' homely ' appearance. 'The Marchioness' generally kept her temper. She lost it once, however, when a denizen of the bush, wishing to ally himself with the English aristocracy, had proposed to her to share his framehouse and generally ' desirable, if somewhat primitive lot. After a brief cyclonic interval of impassioned re* : proaches from the lady he found himself flee* ing for dear life, hotly pursued by 'Tha ' Marchioness with a chopper. When called upon for an explanation of this Berseker fury ' 'The Marchioness' had no explanation to offer. A blush of virgin modesty suffused her thin, sallow cheeks, and she continued chop ping suet with the weapon which bad so affrighted her simple wooer. The general opinion was that Zeka Fergusson had been too ' precipitate and that 'The Marchioness' had upheld the honor of her ancient lineage in a highly becoming, if somewhat eccentria manner. For the brief space of a week there was a revulsion of public opinion in her favor* and it was during that sunny interval of popular esteem that the Four Corner 'News'* alluded to her as ' The fair denizen of a sun less clime who now dwelt in unobtrusive perennial usefulness within our walls.' 'The Marchioness,' indifferent to this delicate compliment, however, refused to subscribe to the paper, and public opinion once more veered round and left her as before — 'Remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow.' Raising herself on one one elbow 'The Marchioness ' came back to mundane things with a horrid prevision that something un usual was about to happen. The noise con tinued. And above the hammering at the door she recognised the deputy sheriff's sten torian tones. ~ Hastily slipping on her gown and tying up iot scanty looks with a pieoe of tape, ^The Marchioness' entered the halL The iron doors clanged open as Gaoler Grange came into' the corridor from the gaol, which crossed the house in the shape of the letter T. 'Whrt is it, Marchioness?' he asked, not unkindly. ; ' You git back to bed agin, or there won't be any breakfast to-morrow,' ? ? ; ? :'? ' The Marchioness' nodded inerpresaively. ' It's the deputy sheriff,' she said. 'Tljewa somebody a-groanin' and a-moanin' 'nough to ^ give you the chills. I think there's been * fight!' . ? ' -T ? ;-:.y.r:.r-.y..:--M. ' 'Oh, you think that's been -« fiaht ^Wb'II J soon see about that. Sure the shenfl%iihar-~i ; «^Yf*' Td '?be. Marchioness^ gani&4^ 'Can't you hear him- swear t' ^pmt^WSWZ^K This was :«ondu8ive:'t:jieii&M;«n#'-:'3%^^^S;5* drew. hU JwwM«^^S^^^^g^i ?''' chioness. Maybe it's » -plant to rescue Tim L ~ STlamugan before he goes to Kingston Peniten L -'tiary.' '- Aie'yougame toopen thedoor?' C ' ' x«s,' said 'The Marchioness;' 'they 'tron't hurt me.' . She unbarred the heavy iron door as she jbijoIeb 'Who's tharf demanded the gaoler. ''Me,3 said the sheriff. Then, with a touch 'of professional pride, 'and Slim Pete.' 'The Marchioness' nearly dropped her light as she peered out into .the darkness of the spring.night. 'They've got him,' she said to the gaoler. ? 'yes, we've got him,' answered the sheriff from the darkness. A thrill of excitement ran through 'The Marchioness's' passive nature. She peered into the darkness again. Three or four men stood round a prostrate figure, which they es jsayed to lift but which slipped from their grasp and rolled limply back on the grass, ? where it lay quite stilL A meek white moon struggled faintly over the tops of the trees and cast a flickering, un certain light on the group. 'I'll lift his head,' said the sheriff ; ' you take his heels, -Wright ; Jim Cass, you run over to git Doc Dickinson.' The men bore their limp burden into the haU and let it slip in the same expressionless way on the floor. Blood ran from a wound in the man's side. His handsome face was Bickly white, the long blank curls which hung round making it paler than it really was. And still that thin red stream welled up from the wound and ran across the floor. 'The Marchioness' put down the candle. **Lift him on that sofy,' she commanded authoritatively. ' She left the ball and speedily returned with water and some linen bandages. ' One of the men undid Slim Pete's white shirt. *' Th-» Marchioness' gave a little gasp as she saw the gaping wound caused by the sheriff's bowie. ' Don't touch him,' she said almost fiercely, as that worthy approached to survey his work with mournful albeit profes sional pride. ' ' Leave him to me. ' _ Shin Pete opened his eyes and faintly raised himself on one elbow. A shade of disap pointment swept over his face as he saw the Emp, lean Marchioness. 'Well, sheriff.' he said good-humored ly ; ' got me at last t It wasn't a fair fight in the dark.* 'You're so slippery,-' the sheriff said apologetically to his prisoner. 'I had to knife 'you, Pete, or you'd have gone off again.' The. prisoner made a sign to everyone except the sbenft and ' The Marchioness ' to retire. ' Come here,' he said faintly to the former. 'Sheriff there's no call to — to men tion names in this little scrimmage. If I peg out, it's all right : \i I aon't, you can prove you caught me rouna the settlement and arrested top for snooting Timber Jake last year on 0 sig-tit.' 'But,' said the sheriff confusedly, 'how . about the girl ? She sent me word you was to meet her at Stimson's bush, and I 'lowed to eaten you thar.' Slim Pete looked at the sheriff with a hazy gcorn in his handsome eyes. 'You're dream ing, sheriff,' he said. 'Dreaming. There's no girl in this business, so none of your darned foolishness. A nice thing it would be for any girl afterwards if it was known she had given me into your bloodthirsty hands.' A cawn of comprehension shone in the sheriff's face. He and Slim Pete had been old friends before one became sheriff and the other shot Timber Jake. He nodded. 'All right, Pete.' he said. 'Thar wam't no girl there.' The other gripped his wrist. 'For sure, old Tnan,'' he said anxiously. *' For sure,'' answered the sheriff, following up his cue. ''Twas sech a dark night it mout ha' been a ghost or a dead tree I took for Stim ? ' 'Shut up,' said Slim Pete. 'This lady here doesn'c want to hear any more of your lies.' . 'The Marchioness' nodded affirmatively and motioned the sheriff to leave the room. As the doctor did not conie she made her patient comfortable with pillows, gave him something cooling to drink, shaded the light, and told him to go to sleep. . 'What's your name?' asked the captive, with a groan. ' The Marchioness' struggled to remember. ' Ellen Waters,' she said at last. ' They call me ' The Marchioness.' ' 'Permit me thank you, Miss Waters, for your exertions on my behalf. Is there a watch fetau iny waistcoat V Bring it here.' ^B'T he Marchioness' brought it to him, after ^Humbling about among his clothes in the ^^Kemi-darkness. 'Here it is,' she said won ^Heringly. ^^P ?'Cornea little nearer,' said Slim Pete. ^^0 ' The Marchioness' obeyed. ^H Slim Pete threw the long chain of the watch ^^Bver her scraggy neck. ** That's for you,' he ^Hdid, and sank back unconscious. ^m ' The Marchioness' felt a strange thrill of W pleasure at the touch of the gold chain on her m neck as she hastened to revive her eccentric : charge. Then she shaded the light again and laid down on the floor beside her patient and went to sleep. Chaptee IL Public oninion was strongly in favor of 'The Marchioness's' course of action as time went on. Her unwearying care of Slim Pete grew to be looked upon by the inhabitants of the Four Corners as_ a delicate , recognition of a diffident sense of indebtedness to Canada and Canadians generally. In reply to the gaolers offer to procure him a liired nurse, Slim Pete had somewhat roughly refused to allow anyone else to minister to his wants. The handsome desperado remarked, with a touch of irony, that no scandal could possibly arise under the circumstances, owing to 'The Marchioness's' lack of personal charm and beauty ; and also that as this was probably the last time which anyone could have a chance of criticising bun, he preferred to give friends and foes alike as little opportunity as possible. The sheriff, who was sitting in the room at the time, nodded a cordial acquiescence. In his private capacity he mourned over Pete's approaching exit from this world with a very real sense of grief ; as sheriff he felt that he deserved well of the State ; but these feelings were rather conflicting at times and led him to wish that Pete had escaped altogether. As he crossed the creek on the way home after his customary chat with Sinn Pete one after noon he was aware of a feminine figure slowly preceding him in the direction of Stim son's pasture. The sheriff frowned and followed tbe lady like figure in front as it daintily strolled along, a parasol shading Miss Stimson's delicate com plexion from the heat of the spring sun. The lady, with an affectation of indifference, almost allowed him to pass her. Then she turned her flashing dark eyes on him and bowed. The sheriff, mindful of past encounters with this handsome coquette, was about to stroll by, hut she stayed him with a light touch of her gloved hand. 'How is your interesting patient?' she asked in tones which she strove to render icily chill. The sheriff turned on her fiercely. ' You ought to know,' he said. 'It's your doing his life's nearly ended. All you women are alike. Doves one moment and catamounts the next. You've ruined him. That fight with Timber Jake was all along of you ; and then because you heard those lies about Pete and that widow at the Springs you set me on his track. I wish I'd put a bullet through my self.' She pointed to a log. ' Sit down,' she said imperiously, and the sheriff, unable to meet her fierce eyes, nieekly did so. 'You've had the impertinence to criticise me,' she said. ' Did you know I was engaged to him?' The sheriff started. 'You're been engaged to half a dozen other fools who believed in you,' he said bitterlj'. 'Weren't you one of the fools yourself?' she asked with an affectation of endeavoring to remember which mads him flinch. ' Likely enough,' he said sullenly. 'That's no reason I should knife Pete.' ' I had indisputable proof he was engaged to a woman at the Back Settlements. Now, do you wonder why I lured him down here and told you of our meeting-place ? I wanted to see him gaoled — to repay scorn for scorn — to make him suffer as Pve suffered.' The sheriff surveyed her with a curious smile as she sat on the log, idly tracing a pattern in the soft moss with the point of her parasol. 'So that was it,' he said quietly. ' Well, it's a lie. I've lmown Pete since he was a boy ; and lie never lied to a friend or forgave an enemy. Your name was on his lips when I snifad him, and now he's dying you ought to be the miserablest woman in the Four Corners, for it's all your work.' Her cheeks blanched slightly as she realised the evil her ungovernable temper and mischief had brought to Slim Pete. But, with feminine inconsistency, there was a glad light in her eyes also. He had not been untrue to her after all. Are you sure he'll die?' she asked. The sheriff roughly shook off her entreating tpuch. 'If he don't die at my hands he dies at the hands of the law for killing Timber Jake last year. You know whose work that was. Doc Dickinson says he can't last mor'n a couple of days.' He looked at her savagely again and then glanced despairingly round on the soft beauty of the scene. ' To think he's got to ]eave all this through you and me !' he said slowly, his stolid nature stirred to depths of bitterest grief. ' All through you and me. The cleverest little cuss in the world, settled by his bes1; friend and his best girL' She did not notice his vehemence, but slowly Fat down again as if thinking out the situation in all its hideous reality. ' Will you take him a message from me 7' 6he asked. ' Say Til come to him to-morrow evening. I'd come to-night, only he must be prepared for what Tin going to do.' She ? scribbled a few lines on a slip of paper and handed it to the sheriff. 'Give him that;' and before the sheriff could protest she had glided away into the cool depths of the bush. That evening Sim Pete lay languidly watch ing 'Xto Mawhioness/' whp sat at a little table by his bedside. Something tickled him hugely as he crumpled up Miss Stimson's note and took a cooling drink from 'The Marchioness.' He was too weak to lift it to his lips, but she quietly supported him, watch ing his every movement, her own poor expres sionless eyes somewhat inflamed through want of sleep and unremitting exertion on behalf of this handsome scapegrace. 'Go to sleep,' she said, her task accom plished and speaking in her customary woodeny, expressionless voice. ' Go to sleep or you'll get wand'rin again and callin' me Sempronia.' ' Turn up the lamp a little,' imperiously said Slim Pete. ' Tm not sleepy to-night. Mar chioness, suppose we talk about — oh, about Sempronia, commonly known as Miss Stun son. 'The Marchioness' made a gesture of dis sent, but Slim Pete smiled at hor eloquently and she turned up the lamp. ' 'Twon't make any difference,' he said. 'Pve only a few more hours to live. Old Doc Dickinson told me so to-day, Marchioness.' Again she shook her head. 'Oh, ifs true. Bring your chair up and listen.' 'The Marchioness' brought her chair nearer to the bed. 'When a man's going home,' said Pete, 'he's got a lot of things to think of. I'm going home, Marchioness — home to the grave yard beside the creek there. Going to lie in the eternal silence till I'm called to judgment and take my chances with worse men than I've been. I killed Timber Jake, who once was a friend of mine, tlirough a row about her, and he'd sworn to kill me on sight. They call it a murder down here.' 'Fve heard it was a fair fight,' said 'The Marchioness5'' soothingly. * 'I never vet went back on a friend, nbr broke my word to a woman,' Slim Pete de clared, staring straight up at the ceiling as if tracing his past life on its white surface. ' I s'pose that's the reason my own friend's killed me, helped by the woman who swore she loved me. I don't blame the sheriff; he couldn't help himself ; she could, or why did she tell me ne was out of the way and then let him set a trap for me. I could have got away if her arms hadn't clung to my neck. What would you do to such a woman, Marchioness ?' He laughed, but there was a_ terrible expression of hatred and revenge in his burning eyes. 'The MarcliionRss' showed little emotion. 'I knew she was a bad 'un,' she said briefly. ' Precisely, Marchioness,' returned the invalid, still seeing patterns on the ceiling. 'You have summed up the situation with characteristic truth. What made you look after me so carefully?' 'The Marchioness' paused a moment. ' You're a bad 'un, too.' Slim Pete's eyes came down from the ceiling and he laughed. 'I've been more sinned against than sinning: but that's what every one says on a deathljed. Are you aware, Marchioness, that when a man has been tricked he naturally desires to get even with the person who tricked hiin ?' ' The Marchioness' thought of the chopper episode and nodded affirmatively, 'I've been tricked by one woman, and yet I trust you, Marchioness.' His eyes blazed angrily at her. ' Will you do what I want';' 'Yes,' said 'The Marchioness,' in her customary wooden way. ' ' If I says it I does it.' ' Can you -write ?' ' A' little,' replied ' The Marchioness' doubtfully. 'And spell?' 'I like to spell my own way,' reluc tantly admitted Miss Waters. ' Very well, then. Get some paper and ink. Where's Miss Stimson's letter?' * ' Here,' said the March ioness, ' talcing it from the bed, as a faint flush of color rose in her sallow cheeks. 'Read it,' said the invalid restlessly. Chapter IH. 'The Marchioness' took the little scented note and tried to decipher an impassionable plea for forgiveness. The widow's name was freely used Ijy Miss Stimson as an excuse for her premeditated treachery. ' I have been made' — read 'The Marchioness.' ''No, it isn't *made,' its 'mad.' I have been mad, but to prove my love for you I will marry you on your deathbed if you will send me one word of forgiveness and consent. ' When 'The Marchioness' came to this part of Miss Stimson's appeal she looked up for a moment, the curious little flush on her sallow cheeks deepening still more. Slim Pete watched her intently. 'Marchioness,' he said, ' before I seek the happy hunting grounds, isn't there anything I can do for you ?' 'The Marchioness' made no answer, but approached Slim Pete to rearrange his pillows. The shade of the lamp hid her face, but it could not conceal her shambling gait and awkward movements, her large red hands, her wide mouth, and uneven, discolored teeth. Slim Pete reached up his thin white hand and held her huge fingers for one moment in his feeble grasp. 'Marchioness,' he said, with a boyish smile on his face, 'you've been a good chum to me. Now you shall see the fun.' 'The Marchioness' coughed in an em barrassed way and looked for a moment at the hand which he had touched. It seemed rougher, redder, coarser than ever. Then she went back to the table. ' What shall I say ?' 'Better not write,' he said. 'Just go round to Stimson's and ask for her. Say I expect her here at 7 to- inorrow night, and will make all the necessary arrangements. As you go out send in Lawyer Johnson.' 'The Marchioness' made her self-willed charge comfortable and slowly decked herself in her one' attempt at coherent costume — a huge red shawl, the joy of her uneventful life. A straw hat with green ribbons afforded a chaste but pleasing contrast to the shawL After surveying herself in the same dull un impersonal way at the glass, she made an ex cuse to re-enter Slim Pete's room, with a a faint desire in her heart that he should see his ambassadress to Miss Stimson so regally attired. Fortunately for Slim Pete's peace of mind (he had a pretty taste in dress and orna meuts, as Miss Stimson very well knew) that worthy again slept softly. ' The Marchioness' had never kissed a man in her life. As she watched the thin handsome boyish face before her and saw one weak white hand upon the coverlet a strange sudden feeling stirred in her heart. Siie put her large hand to her breast as if to still some uiilooked-for pain, then, bending over Slim Pete, touched his forehead with her clumsy lips. Slim Pete stirred and muttered that feminine name which ' the Marchioness' had learnt to recognise as pertaining to Miss Stimson. She hesitated no longer, but shuttled off along the sidewalk upon her errand. The next evening it was manifest to the most inexperienced that Slim Pete's race was nearly run. The sheriff's practiced bowie had penetrated too far and deep for nature to tolerate such an outrage. Slim Pete was by far the most unconcerned of the little group. Now and then he raised himself on his elbow and looked enquiringly at the clock, but the effort exhausted him aud he sank back again. At half -past G he made a sign to 'the Marchioness' to lift him up in bed. Doctor Dickinson and Lawyer Johnson talked in whispers at the other end of the room with little Mr. Phipps, the Presbyterian minister. At a sign from the invalid they all came forward, the sheriff, half hidden behind curtains, sorrowfully waiting for the end. 'Gentlemen,' said Slim Pete in weak tones, 'Fin going home. As you all know, Pve some little property still left. Those skunks of relations of mine who haven't been near me will do their best to get it when I am dead. One woman betrayed me : another woman did her best to save me. The woman who be trayed me's rich aud beautiful, courted and admired; the woman who nursed me, who's never left me night and day, is poor and neglected— a stranger. She'd' no call to look after me, and I'd don't lay anything up against the sheriff. He did his duty. She s more'n done hers. And I want to make her some amends. Now Fin going to marry her, and I charge you gentlemen to see she isn't robbed when I'm gone.' The sheriff came from behind the curtains and knelt down by the side of the dying man. ' Pete, Pete, don'tjtake on about her,' he said ; *T11 see justice done. Couldn't you say a word to make things easier for me ? I'm main sorry, Pete.' The invalid looked at him with an amused smile, in which boyish tenderness struggled against a sense of recent wrong. ' You allers was a 6oft-hearted old fool, Jim,' he said, re lapsing into dialect. ' We're about square, now.' At a sign from the dying man Mr. Phipps drew near and the ceremony ^proceeded which was to transform 'The Marchioness' into Mrs. Pete Lorillard. Half stupefied at this turn of events, but wholly unresisting, 'The Marchioness,' clad in ner red shawl, allowed herself to be placed at the dying man's bed side. 'When the brief ceremony was over Pete gave a little gasp of satisfaction and his thin lingers, guided by the lawyer, proceeded to sign a will by which he l-equeathed all his 'real and personal estate whatsoever and wheresoever the same might lie or consist of unto and to the use of his wife.' This ceremony over, the invalid Jay back, with half -closed eyes, as if waiting for some thing to happen. j Someone knocked at the door and the knock seemed to recall Slim Pete's spirit from the borderland of Death. 'Let her in,' he whispered. ' Let her in.' ' The Marchioness' opened the door. Miss Stimson walked in and flung herself weeping at the side of the bed. Slim Pete surveyed her with a somewhat amused smile. As the doctor turned the lamp-wick higher Slim Pete's smile became more pronounced. ' Gentlemen, you see this lady ?' lie asked. They nodded assent. 'Auk her, Jim,' said Pete] weakly — very weekly — 'ask — her — if— she's ready to— mar — ry me?' The sheriff gravely advanced and put the guepfton to Miss Stimson, who dried her tears and also relapsed into the dialect of her child hood when she, the sheriff, and Slim Pete had rim about barefooted little children through the village. ' Quit this f ooling,' she said with asperity. Then her eyes softened as she turned towards the bed. 'Pete,' she said, 'Pete, you know my mad, bitter temper, i betrayed you to that brute there (she pointed to the sheriff with agesture of loathing), to that brute who stabbed you in the dark ; but I shall repent it in sackcloth. and ashes tomy last day. [ will be yours in death if not in life,' and she ooked round as if expecting Mr. Phipps to begin. Pete laughed long and low — laughter horrible to witness. With an expiring effort he once more raised himself. ' You are too late, Miss Stimson ! Too late ! Allow me to introduce you to — my wife,' and fell back — dead. When Miss Stimson recovered from her be wilderment she dashed aside a sheeted rain of tears and moved slowly towards the bed, as if to kiss the dead man there. But 'the Mar chioness' seized a knife from the table and sprang before her like a lioness at bay. ' He's mine,3 she said, pointing to the door. They buried the handsome desperado in the courtyard of the goal beside 'the Marchioness's peccant countryman. When the mourners withdrew and the narrow heap of fresh earth flung its fragrance upward to the sky 'the Marchioness' took her place beside it, her solitary attempt at mourning a piece of rusty crape bound round one arm. The next day she went about her work as usual and ignored the past. But there is one woman who, tall, proud, imperious, and yet sad-eyed withal, sometimes creeps humbly towards the gaolyard under the cover of night, towards the grave of the man whom her mad jealousy betrayed. Yet ever as she nears the grave to cast upon it her burden of tears and unavailing regret there comes swiftly between it and her a shambling figure with terrible eyes, a long knife glittering in its hand. Then 'the Marchioness' once more watches by the side of the man who used her to ensure his vengeance on a faithless lover. Messrs. Ward, Lock, & Bowden are continu ing the publication of their beautiful edition of Henry Kingsley's novels. The two latest volumes are 'The Hillyars and the Burtons,' and 'Silcote of Silcotes.' Charles' Kmgsley as a writer is more widely known thati his brother, but in the opinion of many the latter is the better novelist of the two. All who hold this view will watch with great interest the growing popularity of Henry Kingsley'fa books, of which it has been said that few novels are so striking at a first reading, fewer still bear so well the test of reading again and again. The books as issued by Messrs. Ward & Co. are de lightfully printed, and contain a number of charming illustrations. We have received the March number of the Pictorial Australian, and as usual readers are furnished with a wholesome combination of literary matter and well selected illustrations. A jilan of the new breakwater and harbor at Fremantle, West Australia, gives a good idea of the work now being done at the mouth of the Swau River, while the western colony is also repre sented by a photograph of members of the Con ference of delegates from the pastoral, agricultural, horticultural, and viticulture! associations held in ilay of last year. Other groups are 'The City Police Band' and 'Way College Cricket Eleven,' and an illustrated London letter forms by no means the least interesting article. Seven ''Reminiscences of the Early Days,' repro duced from those in the possession of Mrs. P. Ware, of the Exchange Hotel, convey, if not an accurate, a most amusing idea of the first, days of early station life. Under the heading ' Our Northern Industries ' several views are provided of Mr. D. Davies's agricul tural implement and coaidi factory, Carrieion, while a couple of sketches are also given of the rocket life saving apparatus at work at lJort Victor. 