MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. \ Tenor Tapley, Yi. Yarley's husband, is 31 years old. Tapley is a general favorite with the members of the Comic Opera Company. His political views gre Socialistic. Slab from a speech made by Johnel Sullivan apropos of Peter Jackson at a San Francisco Theatre " Ladies and gentlemen—They've lied about me. Ladies and gentlemen, I wanter say a nigger's no good, tf God wanted a nigger to be as good as a white man, why didn't He make him white? Niggers are no good. I can lick 'em lick any nigger. See? Ladies and gentlemen, the papers say I can't say ' mudder.' It's a lie. I can say * mudder.' See ? (Mudderr.' Nigger can't. The Examiner says I was drunk. I do get drunk. I pay for what I drink. The editor of the Examiner don't. See? I was born in Boston, and can lick any nigger. If no ladies was here, I d give my opinion of the Examiner." That generosity did not deter the Examiner next day from giving its opinion of Mr. Sullivan in these words—" What we want to know is, having agreed that pugilists should exist, why God ordained that they should be always drunk?" George Darrell is now in New Zealand. Slade Murray and St. John had a big house for their opening performance at Broken Hill. Miss Bessie Rignold has been playing the part of Lady Windermere in "Lady Windermere's Fan " in Johannesburg. There are 117 people employed in connection with Alan Hamilton's circus, which is due in Adelaide in about three weeks. The business done during the Melbourne season was very large, and the circus is now in the provinces. At Paderewski's concert at Leipzig lor the benefit of the Liszt monument he was called out twenty times. Syd. Deane has left the Williamson and Musgrove Comic Opera Company. Syd., who promised well at one time, has probably grown sick of being an understudy, the most unthankful position in the profession. Some time ago he haarried Miss Melrose, of the opera company chorus. "Madame Angot" was played by the W. AM. Company at the Sydney Lyceum last Saturday^ Monday, and Tuesday. Some members of the Adelaide Harmonie ought to have gone over to give the management a lew useful hints. The caste was as follows Clairette, Nellie Stewart; s Madame Lange, Florence Young; Amaranthe, Emily Soldene; Ange Pitou, Tapley; Larivaudiere, Brown low ; Pomponnet, Rosevear; Trenitz, Vernon. It is said that W. S. Penley, who, prior to the advent of " Charlie's Aunt," was stone broke, has invested £100,000 in Consols. Miss Edith Bland has accepted an engagement in South Africa. Shakespeare's play of Henry VI. (first part) was produced at the Rose Theatre, Backside, on March 3, 1592. It had a run of fifteen weeks and thirteen odd days, and was represented by the players then under the pro tection of Frederick, Lord Strange. Theatrical notice in an Iowa paper of 1854—"First night of the dancing goat, who goes through the intricacies of the cotillion like a feller critter. The performance - of the goat will be followed by an exhibition of the mathematical entertainments of the dog, Billy, a quadruped that reckons up figures like a piece of chalk, and works problems in algebra with one leg tied behind him. Admission one shilling. No corn taken at the door. P.S.—The free list entirely suspended, except the press and ministers of the gospel." Forty-two years ago many London newspapers inserted theatrical adver tisements on the payment by managers of the Government duty—one and sixpence. A very old advertisement:—"Theatre Royal, Doncaster. Mr. J. F. Cathcart, most respectfully informs his friends and the public that his benefit is fixed for Thursday evening next, September 24th (1857), when will be acted Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton's Beautiful play of * Richelieu ; or the Conspiracy.' Richelieu, Mr. J. F. Cathcart. Julie de Mortemar, Miss Heath. Also the favorite drama, c All that Glitters is not Gold ; or The Factory Girl.' Tickets and places to be had of Mr. J. F. Cathcart at No. 2, Sunny Bar." "Robbery Under Arms" was played for three weeks in London to good business, and received on the whole excellent press notices. Then Alfred Dampier received a shock. It was on a Saturday evening, and he was pre paring to go to the Princess Theatre when he received a telegram from Madame Anna Rupert — the face beautifying lady — containing this message, " Theatre will not open to- night." The fact of the matter was Madame Ruppert was one of the financiers of the business. She was to put £1,000 into the venture and play the leading part of Aileen, which latter she did—awfully. An other lady who was to find £1,000 was given a small part. Madame, it trans pired, hadn't got a sixpence, and the other aspiring Thespian would not pay up. " If," said she, " I had had a good part I would have paid over the money." So " Robbery Under Arms" gave up the ghost in London just as there was a chance of success. At ail events the provincial (English) rights of the play have been sold, and Mr. and Mrs. Dampier and Miss Rose Dampier are now in the United States, where they hope to meet with better luck. After the first production of " Robbery" at the Princess Theatre Sir Augustus Harris went behind the scenes and made Mr. Dampier an offer for the provincial rights of the piece. This did not look as if the drama had been the failure represented in some quarter. By a slip of the pen last week it was stated that a Theatre Hat Bill had been introduced into the Legislature of New South Wales. New York was € of course the place. Mr. Heller, of the Bonanza Coterie, claims to have been a pupil of Robert Heller, the conjuror, who visited Ade laide over 25 years ago, and who died in 1878. " A Gaiety Girl" will visit Adelaide in about three weeks. There is a good many of the Gaiety Girl, and all of her seems to be beautiful. Our Johnnies will be able to admire from the re served stalls on the customary terms. The Melbourne correspondent of the Bulletin appears to have lost his head several times over when writing of the Gaiety girls. A. E. Greenaway and his wife, Ina Laurence, are still with the Albert Lucas Company in New Zealand, but may join George Darrell. Tom and Dan Fitzgerald, the circus men, expect to return to New Zealand after their European tour in September. It is to be presumed that Henry Irving's Don Quixote is an eccentric comedy part, The Royal Illusionists, with Pro fessor Kudarz at the head, have been mystifying Gawler and other northern towns. The Permans are at the Gaiety Theatre, Brisbane. Bland Holt, who strained one of the tendons of his leg a few weeks ago, has now quite recovered from the injury. Mrs. Bland Holt has been walking across the living bridge in "The Span of Life" in Melbourne. Miss Hilda Spong got nervous one night and gave a portion of the show away. Macready and Keen were bitter enemies. On one occasion Queen Victoria sent for Keen, and remarked,. "The Prince Consort and I would like to see Mr. Macready and yourself' in the same play at Windsor Castle."' Poor Keen looked as if he could sink through the floor, for he feared that "Othello" would be insisted on, and then he and Macready as Othello and Iago would be much on the stage together. Luckily the Queen added,. " We will leave the choice of the piece to you." Keen brightened up- at once, and decided on " Julius Caesar." Why? Well, you see, Marc Antony and Brutus only meet twice during the play. This story is told by Mr J. P. Cathcart,who was associated with both of the tragedians in the fifties. ; Mr. W. J. Berresford (Stage Manager of the Elton Comedy Company)* recently visited West Australia with a company, whose repertoire included some of the most recent of comedies by Pinero and others. . His 'ex periences up country, were various. At one place an old lady who lent her premises for bill - sticking purposes asked, " How many horses have you got ?" " Oh, about six," was the- ' reply, "but we're strongest in lions and tigers." " Lord save us! But how do you*show the lions and tigers in the hall ?" " Oh, we keep them in the back yard, and folks go out to see them in the internals." The old lady was satisfied. At Jarrabdale the people sat out the comedy with perfectly stolid faces, and made invidious remarks about a visit paid by a variety company. To placate fchem a dance was held at the end of the performance, and Berresford thumped away at the piano until 2 a.m. The piano was an orphan, and it had to be carried nearly 200 yards 1J to the hall. It was a very old instrument, and it had never been tuned since it had left the music emporium. At their next stopping 1 place the company, grown wiseiy notified that a dance would follow the dramatic performance. Shades of, Pinero! The theatre at Coolgardie was a sort of boxing academy by day. The dressing-rooms were unique. There was no flooring, and woe betide the actor who lost , his only collar-stud in the dust. Prices of admission at Coolgardie were 8i., 4s., . and 3s.y afterwards reduced to 6s., 3s., and 2s. Some variety artistes just about this time were stranded in the Golden ^ ■ a City, and had to proceed southwards by wagon, the coach fare being £5, and that by wagon only fifteen shillings or thereabouts. Just one more reminiscence of the Berresford trip. At Yasse there was an old lady^ who had done some service for the company and who was offered a com plimentary ticket, which she de clined. When the performance was over Berresford saw her and was thus addressed—" I don't think much of your show." "But you were not present, madam." "No; but I listened, and they didn't make nq noise. They was as quiet as the ! grave." That was sufficient. | " ■ : \t 