OOc &i;>lmq> ¿Hontínp; $tiam* WEDXESDAT, AUGUST 21, 1895. * Tho Socrctury of Stat» for the Colonies confirms the statement ns to tbo appointment of Lord Wolseley as Commandcr-in-Chicf of tho British Army. Tho Chinoso Government refuse* to allow the British or United States Consuls in China to Uko part in tho inquiry into tho Ku-Chcng massacre«. A further incendiary placard directed against ? foreign missionaries in China has been posted at Canton. Jabez Spencer Balfour's trial on charges of con- spiracy and fraud in connection with tho Liberator Building Sooioty has boen fixed for 27th October. Amorioan yachtsmon regard tho ohnnocs of tho Earl of Dunraven'« yacht Valkyrio III. for tho America Cup na excellent. Tho freedom of tho city of Inverary, Scotland, lins been conferred on tho Rov. James Ohnlmora for his services in mission work in Now Guinea. Abol, tho Surrey professional, has played a fine innings of 106 in tho match between the counties of Surrey and Kent. Further particulars of tho boiler explosion at Donvor (U.S.A.) show Hint 50 persona were killed and many othors wera seriously injured. It is alleged that tho disostor was caused by a drunken ouginoor, who scorns to have turned cold water into tho hat boilers. Hauy of tho victims were burnt to death in tho presen«» of a largo crowd of spectator», who were unable to rendor assistance. A Nihilist outrago is loported from Berlin. Thb barracks at Tula aro said to have boon wrecked, causing great loss of life. It is holiovod that 300 soldiers and many officers woro killed. Numorous arrests bnvo boen mado in cenneotion with tho nffair. General Booth1« projected ovorsoa colony in connection with tho Salvation Army will probably bo established in British Columbia. An excursion boat has been ron down by a steamer on the River Elbe, at Fnlknetliol. The boat sank, and 17 persons woro drowned. A British force, under Admiral Hawson and General Matthows, stormed tho nativo stronghold of Mweli, near Mombosa, East Africa. Throo European officers and seven men wcro wounded. Tho forco was endeavouring to disperso malcontent Arabs who havo boen raiding tbo dis« triet. By an explosion of coal gas on board tho steamer Elprcsi at Japan, ono fireman was killed and four others wera seriously injured. A typhoon passed ovor Nagasaki, in Japan, and drovo four steamers nnd one sailing ship ashore. The eamo disturbnnco wrecked a train near Hiro- shima. In Nagasaki 1G02 houses woro blown down and 1418 were partially destroyed. Ninety-nino small vessels wcro wrecked. In tho Houso of Commons yesterday Mr. H. II. Price's amendment was negatived, and tho Address in Reply was agreed to by 127 votos to 63. Tho ICing of Coron, Li Hi, demands the restora- tion of the former political regime, and threatens reprisals if the Japaneso refuse Mr. Chamberlain desires to moot the wishes of tho Western Australian Government respecting tho abolition of tho local Aborigines' Protection Board. Tho lTcnly section of tho Irish party in tho House of Commons throatens to obstruct Supply. The Chincso aotdiors sent to ICu-Chcng to pro- tect the mission station from further attack aro said to bo plundering thoir countrymen's houses. HU Excellency tho Lioutonant-Governor yes- terday presontcd tho certificates of merit nnd medals awarded by tho Royal Humano Society for 1S04-5. Mr. William Harrington Palmor has been appointed na official nssignoo, vice Mr. Augustus Morris, resigned. Tho body of William Green, tho Coonamblo murderer, has been found in tho bush seven milos from tho soeno of tho tragedy. It is supposed to be a casa of suicido. David Green, ono of tho victims, is still lying in tho Coonamblo Hospital in a critical condition. It is reported thnt William Groen was onco con- fined in a lunatic asylum. { Jackey, tho blackfellow, under commitlal iori the murder of n whito man, has been recaptured. Ho escaped from Coolgardie Gaol six wooka ago. lu Coolgardie they aeonro prisoners by ohainB round their waist and neck, as thoro is no othor means of preventing their csoape. Argument in tho case of Mackenzie v. tlio Railway Commissioners in connection with the Redfern railway accident has been concluded, and tho Court reserved judgment. Mr. Michael Davitt, M.F., speaking at Tam- worth yesterday, said ho doubted tho stability of the present Conservative Government in England. An explosion occurred yostorday in tho Cobar copper mino. An Italian was killod and two other miners were injured, ono seriously. At Trial Buy Creek, nour Kompsoy, yostorday, a niau was loading a riflo which accidentally went oil, and killod his six-year-old daughter. Mr. Alexandor Kcthel, appointed with tho last batch of Legislativo Councillors, has not yot been able to tako liis seat owing to indisposition. Tho striko in tho boot trade in Queensland is over, uuil tho mon havo sought ro-engagemont on the manufacturers' own terms. Some have been takon back. The Speaker and about 30 members of tho As- sembly yesterday presented to tho Lioutenant Govornor tho Address in Boply to tbo Governor's Speoch. Tho Minister of Justico says that in viow of reoont developments all tho facts in connection with tho Mount Rennie caso will bo reconsidored. . It is reported that another severo shook of earthquake was felt at Taupo, in New ¡Zealand, yesterday. The judging in tho ,18th annual show of tho Australian Sheopbreedors' Association commenced yesterday in Melbourne. Tho show is a good ono. The total sum paid ont of the Treasurer's ad- vance account, to date, on account of the Dean Commission, is £1099 17a 4d. The body of John Copp, buried in the Rook- wood Cemetery, will be exhumed at an early hour this morning. At the evening session of tho Y.W.C.A. Inter- colonial Conference yesterday, the annual public meeting of the Sydney Association took plaoo. At Warrnambool (Vic.) yesterday, two young men pleaded guilty to 15 charges of arson. They were sentenced to three and two years' imprison- ment respeotivoly. Business in the Mining market yesterday did not show signs of anything approaohing. brisk- ness. Tho few sales effootod were principally in gold shores. At Darling Harbour yesterday 955 bales of wool were manifested, 142 arrived coastwise, and 223 were received by rail at Newcastle on Monday Business remains quiet in all departments of tho Import market. Attention was yesterday con- fined principally to country orden. The Stock and Share market yesterday eon. tinued to show signs of greater bnoyanoy. Leading bank quotations were decidedly stmngor. , The Customs revenue yeeterday amounted to £9343. To this the 10 per oent. ad valorem duties contributed £2059, and the lo por oent. £550. Tho Promior finds that there aro diffi- culties in tho way of hi» expedient for com- bining ndhoronco to his pledge to submit tho Assessment Bill in the form in which it loft tho Assombly with his desiro to allow froo scope to tho discussion of the proposed oxomptions. Tho pinn of printing the exemptions in italics, with tho understanding that so printod thoy aro to bo talton as blanks, will, it appoars, not work. Parliamentary prac- tice gives no countenance to such a courso, and tho best authorities tho Promior has boon ablo to consult aro against it. This particular dovico has therefore brokon down. At tho samo timo tho caso for giving opportunity to tho Houso to debato and determine upon tho exemptions is stronger now than ovor. It has boen strengthened by Mr. ! EEID'S recognition that a political necessity [has arisen, and that this \\* ill not bo mot unless it can truthfully bo assortod of the Assessment Bill as it reaches the Council that it represents the un- fettered decision of the Assembly. It must go as expressing the will, not of tho dond Parliament,, but of tho. living ono. Exomptions or no oxomptions, this demand has to bo mot, and tho Ministry has to provide the way. The plain, straight course would bo to submit the bill in tho form ia which the Govern mont was content to submit it before. If some of Mr. Euro's rather too numerous pledges provont him in his own opinion from taking this course, he has to dovise Bomo othor way of complying with tho oxigoncy which has grown up. Tho Premier's present plan of mooting the difficulty is to havo tho discussion upon tho exemptions tako placo on tito ordor of loavo. Ho tolls tho House that " tho noxt day would bo tho timo to oxpress their convictions, as ho found that once thoy introduced tho bill members would not have an opportunity of re ducing exemptions." So what has to bo dono must bo dono in dobatiug a motion of a fow linos in length, giving loavo to inlroduco tho bill. It is impossible to boliovo that this is a satisfactory way of providing for a freo discus- sion' nnd a froo 'vote. It is not usual to specify in detail oxomptions ia an ordor of loavo. Tho proper placo to próvido the oxomptions is in tho bill, and if thoy aro to bo provided thore, this should be by an oxpress voto of tho Houso. A discussion upon tho ordor of loavo cannot bo tho sanio thing as n discussion upon tho bill. It jimst bo wanting in comprehensiveness and in closo relation to tho provisions of tho measure to which it ostensibly refers. Suroly, it is a course without any Parliamentary procodent to toll a ropresontativo Chamber just como from tho country, which has had no onportunity of discussing tho matter, that it will bo required to-day to givo a decisivo vote «pou n question which may bo fraught with tho most important cousequoncos to our politi- cal history, and that it must givo this docisivo and absolutely final voto before tho mensuro to which it has roforonco has boon laid boforo Parliament. Once tho bill is introduced, Mr. Rr.iD tolls tho Houso, it cannot touch tho oxomptions. It must decido tho question boforo sooing tho bill, and in tho dark. Is thero any instnnco of any such doinnnd boing mado to a Parliamont boforo ? And can it bo maintained that this method in any sonso complies with tho domand for a full and freo discussion of this important question ? It is pleasant to soo the nmicablo rela- tions which subsist botwoon tho Ministry and tho Opposition. Tho notico of motion for loavo to introduce tho "bill is fixed for to-day " by concurronoo," o rathor unusual graco for the Opposition to oxtond to tho Govornmont in rogard to tho introduction of a iuotisuro to which tho Opposition admits that it is strongly hostile. Snob, unwonted affability might bo taken as tho precursor of a now réginio in politics, in which ovorything will be harmonious and unanimous. It will bo satisfactory to find in tho ond that this possibility is realisod. Tho loador of tho Opposition again goes eoniowhat out of his way to applaud tho decision of tho Premier in refusing to omit tho oxomptions from tho bill. Mr. LYSTE'S approval of tho Ministerial rosolvo is almost offusivo. " What ho dosired to see tho Ministry do I was to bring down a bill without blanks or italics, with tho oxomptions thoy wanted, and thon to stick to thom." This is what tho lcador of tho Opposition wants, and this is what tho Promior has decidod to do. Such nmicablo and guileless politics liavo not boon witnessed since tho days of Arcadia and tho Golden Ago. _ It is not at nil necessary to imagino anything other than what is straightfor- ward on tho part of Mr. LYNE, who makes no socrot of tho intention of his party to fight tho measure. But genuino and sincere as may havo boon the approbation passed by Mr. LYNE upon tho Ministerial proposals, it is hardly tho kind of approbation which tonds to confirm a Promior in regard to the wisdom of his docision. In politics tho approval of tho Greeks is to bo distrusted as much as their gifts. The determination of tho Govornmont may bo wolcomo to tho Oppo- sition. It has yot to bo soon if it will bo equally satisfactory to thoso supportors of tho Government and its policy wlio asked for a freo debate and a freo voto upon tho quostion. Wo cannot doubt that the Promior has rando a serious mistake Tho demand for a full and froo discussion of the exemp- tions is as foroiblo now as it was at the end of last wook. If it was neces- sary then, as the promise of the Pro- mior recognisod it to bo, to allow this free discussion ia tho interest of the securing of the bill, it is equally neces- sary now. To supposo that the oppor- tunity of such a freo discussion is afforded by a motion for leave, and that this critioal question can bo adequately dealt with bofore the measure is in the bands of the Assombly, is trifling with a grave situation. Mr. REID has ; either gone too far or not far enough. He has at once admitted the necessity, and provided a ludiorously insufficient way of ' meeting it._ It occurred to tho loader of tho Oppo- sition, while speaking at the recent political oxequios at Campbelltown, to explain the reverses his party liad sustained at tho polls on tho ground of the socialistic sympathies of a large number of tho young mon having votes, The explana- tion is A convenient one, and rather moro ingenious, perhaps, than that whioh attri- buted the result of the general eloction to adverse meteorological influences. The . lapsus about that explanation was that the bad weather was felt by both parties, while the snow, of which such bitter com- plaints were made, fell alike on tho just and on the unjust after ita impartial feu,! ujndjmrimjna^ing faj^joju HuiW#* be discouraging to think that after all tho mental exacerbation which must have led up to tho evolution of tho second explanation, tho samo objection or something vory uko it would be found to apply ; but it really sooms that such is the case, so far as thoro is anything serious to bo found in tho discovery. As a consequenco of tho perverso views of those young mon, many of our legislators-our present legislators, of course-havo i this so- cialistic tendency, wo aro assured. Tho connection betweon causo and offect is hore mado so obvious that nothing is warnung to tho completeness of tho argument but sumo sort of definition, however vaguo, of what this particular kind of socialism moans. It is serviceable in party warfare, sometimes, to conjuro up the "red spcotro" of socialism in this melodramalio way ; but how aro wo to know in tho present nbseuco of in- formation that tho apparition is anything moro sorious than tho lato Pro- fessor PEiTEn's admirable imitation of a ghost ? All wo aro per- mitted to gather from tho roniarks before us is that tho socialism complained of is something that characterises .tho policy of tho spoakor's political oppo- nents ; but wo cannot lose sight of the f aot that his friends aro loft much moro opon to tho samo soft impeachment. Indeed, if there is anything practical in this joromiad of the Opposition leador, it suggests a very strong argument -against his party and tho Ministry of whioh ho was by no means an uninfluontial momber. If by socialism is meant the doing by tho Stato and by Stato-aid what the in- dividual would othorwiso have to do himsolf, what aro we to think of tho policy whioh would tako up an interest and spoon-feed it by direct or indirect bonuses, and coddlo it by spocially-framod tariffs, in tho attempt to make possible, a stato of things which is admittedly impossible without that interference, and no loss domonstrably so, if - Viotorinn examples nro worth anything, with it ? In tho sonso that protection sots indivi- dualism on ono side and brings collectivism to boar to rovorso the duo propor- tions of things, it is in tho direc- tion of socialism of the most ad- vanced kind. It is, at tho same time, an apt illustration of the uttor impracticability of socialism as a working theory oven, seeing that every application of it domnnds for itsolf a set of absolutely harmonious and correlated conditions, without which it is liable to break clown at any raomont. As such conditions aro impossible, anything intrinsically socialistic in tho extremo sonso of tho term must bo repugnant to sano minds, inasmuch as its plain tendoncy must bo to introduco disordor and confusion into tho economic systora. Heneo wo aro in agrooment with tho loader of tho Opposition whon ho doprecales any such tendency, whilo recognising that tho car- dinal principio of his party is to bo dopro catodl'or the samo reason, and on tho samo grounds exactly. The name of socialism may bo usod in so many ways that it would holp mattors considerably if some defini- tion woro stated boforohand whon the subject comos up for discussion. It has boen appliod to all sorts of movemonts in political history, from that for tho recognition of tho bod-rock principles of Magna Charta to thoso having for their object tho assassination of a ruler. Tho State ownership of railways is a prominent articlo of tho socialistic creed in somo countries, whilo boro it has boon forced upon us in tho intorests of the public con- venience. Tho Post Office gavo nn in- stance of what somo thoorists call Stato soiiialism tho other day whon it insisted by a police court prosecution that the distribution of lotters would bo offocted in tho intorests of tho commuuity botter by collcctiro than by individual enterprise. But thoro is a wido difforonco botweon this, for oxainplo, and tho nationalisation of tho moans of produc- tion. If thoro aro now thoorios roally afloat in tho public mind ' it is natural that tho youngor votors Bliould bo attracted by thom moro readily than tho older. Youth is moro receptive tbnu that condition of life in which habits of thought aro settled and opinions bocomo fixod. Thon thcro is, besidos, tho glamour of that purplo hazo of fancies and phrases which somo writers have boen ablo to throw round this subjoct of socialism, investing it with nlluromonts that aro moro likoly to attract tho droamor than to satisfy tho thiukor. If the world could bo modo bottor, and life could bo givon moro moanine; for tho multitttdos to whom it is) an onigma without a koy-and not oven consciously that-no doubt there would bo something gained. Until tho purplo hazo is lifted it may concoal anything, and why not tho millennium as well ns anything olso ? Exporionco is hardly likely to be filled by a transparently fallacious possi- bility ; but youth has to out its wisdom-tooth on diot liko that. Socialism implios among othor things a community of goods. How many of thoso who talk about socialism as if they understood it aro willing to sacrifice such personal advantages as thoy may possess, and start fair ? How many of thom roally boliovo that any- thing in tho shape of an oqual start under similar conditions is possible, any moro than it can bo said to exist in a footraco becauso there is no handicapping, and whero porsonnl superiority tolls in ovory instance? Probably most of , the practical socialists in tho com- munity went with tho oxpodition to Paraguay to found Now Australia. Thoy showed their good faith, but ' thoy droppod thuir socialism almost as soon ' ns thoy arrived at tho scone of their in- , tended experiment. Enthusiasts havo ( tried tho thing sooros of times boforo, from i Fourierism to Brook Farm, and i choory optimists havo_ writton about it in strains of inspiring approval. ' But practical testa end always in ' tho same way, and will continue to do so j while human nature remains what it is. , The young voters of this community aro ( not likely to make any very serious mis- < takes on this point. It is evident, at all I events, that they aro not so rabidly 1 sooialistio as to , apply the prinoiplo of ' State aid to the interests with whioh tho ! leader of the Opposition is politically con- cerned. _. _ , The demand made last night ia tho ' Assembly for the abolition of the excise ' duty on tobacco is singularly ill-timed. ' TVhatevor question thero may bo in any ' mind as to the oxaot "mandate" of the peoplo in regard to the form of direot taxa- f tion, there cannot in any oloarmind bodoubt , as to the electoral mandate in favour of , the immediato enaotmont of freotrado. And to ask a freetrado Ministry to set np , a protective duty amounting to 300 per i cent, ad valorem in favour of looally-grown < tobacco is a very large order indeed. '. To toll us that it the excise on colonially- ' grown tobacco were abolished the ; tobacco-growing industry would prosper , is not to toll us muoh. It is possible that WtawiorwaJ,. t9j)ftW.-fc90:.«^J^.0rteii li tobacco heavily taxed, the public would be virtually compellod to abandon its liking for imported leaf and to confine itself wholly to the locally-grown article.-. In that case, we could wholly supply the demand of tho colony, and the modorate incroaso of about ono-third might bo givon to tho aroa of tobacco cultivated. But to do this wo should sacrifice the whole of our revenue from tobacco, surely a perfectly legitimate sourco of taxation, whether it bo looked .at f-oni'the freetrndo or the protectionist point of view. Since after all we must hnvo rovonuo, thoro can be no loss oppres- sive woy of getting it than by reason- able taxation on tho luxuries of tho people. That is tho frootrader's justification of the tax. If it bo rogarded as a protective ono, surely the most courageous protectionist would hosi tato boforo asking for a duty amounting to 300 per cont. ad valorem on tho nrticlo protected. Tho real way, ns the Promior remarked, io improve tho position of the tobacco growor is to show him how to produce a bettor article at a higher mavkot value. If tho locally-grown artiolo wore equal in quality to the imported and met the liking of the smoker equally well, then no protection would bo roquired to ensure to it the supply of tho home market, and at tho same timo it could face compe- tition in the open market of tho world. ADDÜESS ra RENT TO HIE GOVERNOR'S Smsa». The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, accom- panied by about 30 members of Parliament, in- cluding tho members of the Ministry, waited upon Sir Frederick Darloy, the Lioutenant- Govoraor, yesterday afternoon, and presented the Address in Reply to the Governor's Speech, last week passed by tho Legislative Assembly. Mr. A. B. Piddington, tho mover, and Mr. Phillips, tho seconder of the address, wore pro sont«! by tho Speaker to his Excellency. The Lieutenant-Governor, in reply to the address, said ho was pleased to learn that the Assembly would give its bott attention to tho ¡«portant mutters that would come beforo it. Tho proceed- ings nt Goverumout Iloneo wore of a formal nature. CABINET MKETIKO.-A. long meoting of the Cabinot was held yesterday at tho Colonial Secre- tary's buildings. Most of the time wa. devoted to considering details of the financial legislation to be dealt with oarly this session. The draft bill for tho reform of tho constitution of the Upper Houso on tho lines put forward by the Govern- ment at the eloso of last session also received con- sideration. iKDiarosrnow op A (JOUKCILLOB.-Owing to indisposition for some days past, Mr. Alexandor Kolliol has so far been unable to tako his scat in tho Legislative Council. THE EXPRESS MBSSKNOEB PJIO3ECDTIOÎÎ.-In refercnoe to tho Express Mossengor prosecution which took placo recently, the Postmaster-General (Mr. Cook) states that tho only objection the Postal Department sees is to bona-fido closed letters being carried in competition with the Post Office, not «s an express servioo. Ho saya that an express company can send its messengers on as many messages as it pleases, distribute as many accounts as it likes, and as oftoi. as it likes, so long as tho documents aro not closed letters. GOVERNMENT BUSINESS IIWOHK PABXIAXBNT. When the Assembly meeta this afternoon the chief Government buslnoss will be the consideration in committeo of tho expedicnoy of bringing in tho Land and Income Tax Assessment Bill. It is probable thnt the Premier will make an explanation as to tho position of the Government, particularly in rogard to the important question of exemptions, and it is anticipated that there will bo a long debato on tho subject. On the order paper yester- day the motion was for the Houso to go into com- mitteo on Tuesday next to consider tho expediency of bringing in tho bill, but the House was in an amiable /nood last night, and by couonrronoe the Premier was enabled to move it for to-day. The motion as passed last night is as followi : " That this House will to-morrow (Wednesday) resolve itsolf into a Committee of tho Wholo to consider tho expediency of bringing in a bill to provide for tho establishment of a system of direct taxation by means of a tax on land and a tax on income ; to provide for the creation of taxation districts ; for tho appointment of officers for tho lovyiug, assassinent, and collection of such taxes; to próvido for appeals from assessments ; and for purposes in connection with tbo aforesaid objects." On tho motion for tho adjournment last night Mr. Reid mado the important announcement that ho had consultod tho best authorities, and found that the exemptions could not bo put in italics so ns to leave the matter in such a form that mombors could propose amendments. Conse- quently, as tho Government had not in tho »lightest degree altered its position in regard to the exemptions, he wished overyono to understand that the following day (Wednesday) would bo tho timo for members to express their convictions in regard to tho exemptions, a« onoo the bill was introduced thoy could not do so. Consequently this afternoon, whon tho Houso resolves itself into committeo in accordance with tho foregoing resolution, amend- ments will no donbt bo submitted, so as to test the feeling of tho Hviso iu regard to tho oxomptions. A full report of Mr. Roid's remarks last night about tho oxomptions appears in onr Parliamentary report. Pünuo Wonxs.-Tho Ministor for Work« states that it is his intention to shortly placo beforo tho Cabinet a number of important proposals for public works. These, after receiving consideration by tho Cabinet, will bo submitted to Parliament for refercnoe to the Publia Works Committee TauNS BET-WEEK FLEJONOTON AND SYDNEY. Several efforts have boon mado by tho Strathfield Council to induce tho Railway Commissioners to próvido bettor travelling facilities between Flemington and the city. It has been pointed out Unit on account of tho sheop and cattlo salo yards being situated there, tho trafile is Tory largo, especially on sale days. This, it was thought, fully justified tho council in asking that the convenience of this portion of tho travelling publio should bo considered to a greater extent than at presen t but tho Commissioners declined to grant tho request for an additional train between tho hours of 4.30 p.m. and 5 30 p.m. RAILWAY WOOD TRAFFIC.-Wo aro informed by the Railway Department that tho wool traffic for tho present scison may be said to havo now fairly oomtnonccd. Tho wool business on the railways is assuming largo proportions. Tho clip received last year at Darling Harbour, Morpoth, and New- castle amounted to 705,000 bales for the season dosing on tho 30th June last. Since that date tho wool received for tho now season amounts (o 11,00(1 bales ; 10,000 bales having como to Darling Harbour, and 2000 each to Nowcostlo and Morpoth. So far tho re- ceipts show an ¡ncreaso of 1000 bales over the cor- responding period of last year. No doubt the wool will como in -a lit ti u quicker this yoar owing to tho country being so dry, and to tho absence of industrial troubles. With regard to certain statements to tbo ofiect that a considerable number of Riverina stations are sending their wool to Molbourno, wo are informed on inquiry that, with the exception of three clips whioh carno to Sydnoy last year, tho wholo of the clips mentioned have always been oarried to Melbourne, owing to their proximity to tho Victorian railway lines. Tho throe clips referred to could possibly have been scoured for the Now South Wales lines ; but such a low rato would have had to bo quoted as would have ronderod the business unprofitable, and tho Now South Wales Commissioners preferred to let the loss in haulage be borne by others. So far as the clips aro con- cerned, in what might bo called tho competitivo distriot», the Now South Wales Railway Com- missioners state that a greater amount of business will como to Sydney this year than last, 10 now clips whioh have not previously como to Sydnoy having boen secured for the Now South Wales railways this year. THE UNDEn-SECiuiTAnr FOB JUSTICE.-Mr. A. O. Frasor, TJndor-Sooretary for Justice, who for somo timo past has been seriously ill, has now sufficiently recovered to bo ablo to resnmo his official duties. TsjusTjnaa's ADVANCE AOCOUST.-The monthly statements of payments from the Treasurer's advance account during- the months of Juno and July wore laid on tho table of tho Assembly yesterday evening. For Jane tho total amount paid was £0084. Of this sum no less than £2143 was spout on the Cen- tennial Park relief works, £2009 of this sum being expended on rations. Another lurga item is £1771 0s 7d, paid to the president of the Marine Bovril in-tçiiaoction with'thoidifalçutioflaof.tlia late aooonntant of the Marino Board. Another. larjre item U £644 for teed wheat for distress*! farmers. For July the total amount advanced was £10,262. Inoludod in this is £2499 for Oca tonnial Park relief works, and £1697 for seed wheat for distressed farmers. There ¡* ah» £92 14s for expenses in oonneoUon with tis Captain Close court martial. Details of expense, in aonnoctlon with the Dean Commission sre (riven in another paragraph. EXTUNSK or ira DEAW (^SXAOSSION.--Th» monthly statements of the Treasurer's «afane« account for June and July show that the follow, ing suras havo boen expended from this voto OB account of the Dean Commission:»-In June: President of the Dean Commission, £200; Sir Julian Salomons, £065 10s. In July : Dr. F. N. Manning, £143 GB Gd ; Dr. P. Sydney Jonei,£286 13s; Mr. F. E. Rogers, Q.C., £409 10,. secretary, £4 17s lOd. This makes ti» total amount paid out of the Treasurer's advance account on behalf of the Dan, Commission £1699 I7a 4d. Tho items an quoted just as they stand on the monthly state. monts of tho ad vaneo account, and the cost of printing and cloricol work is evidently not in. oludr-d. THE CASK OF J. F. JOHNSON.-In reference tofts caao of J. F. Johnson, brother of Mrs. Butler who is at present serving a sontenco of three yean for perjury in connection with tho Butler diyoros case, tho Minister for Justice, Mr. A. J. Gould, says ho has received the report of the Chief Jo«. tico, before whom Johnson was tried, but after it came to hand Mr. Gould was informed that then are certain statements to bo submitted in support of tho petition for an inquiry into tho case. It is therefore impossible to deal with the else till these statements have been received. FOREST TniNNiNa.-AS large numbers of mea apply daily at the Forestry Department for forest-thinning work, wo are requested to state that no moro work of this kind can be provided, unless a further vote for forest thinning ii paind hy Parliament. DEPUTATIONS TO MINISTERS.-At hall-past 10 this morning the Colonial Secretary will ncsúve i deputation from tho Federated Seamen'i Ulina in regard to conferring tho franchise on seaaea, At 11 a.m. on Friday the Minister for Lands wal receive a deputation from the New South Wah» Cricket Association in regard to tho powers of tin trustees of tho Sydney Cricket Ground. TROUT OVA.-The fisheries commission«» re- port that they have about 70,000 trout ova ia tia) Prospect reservoir, whioh are doing very well. A quantity of these trout will bo distributed it various parts of the colony, and the balance will bo kept in tho Fioapect ponds. HUMANE SOCIETY'S AWARDS.-Yesterday atom, ing at tho conclusion of the weekly meetinir of tis Kxeoutivo Council, his Excellenoy tho Lieutenant« Governor presontcd tho certificates of merit ami medals awarded by the Royal Humane Society for 1894-OS to the following persons :-Eva Hoc witz, of Manly, Sydnoy, New South Wales, aged - 11 yours, who rosoued Connie Stennett, aged %. years, from drowning in the Manly Baths en tot 27th Juno, 1894 ; certificate of merit. Georg» ' Thomas Davidson, of Paddington, New South Wales, police constable, aged 25 years, win rescued Bertha A. Thyinms, aged 20 years, from drowning at Rusheuttor Buy, Sydnoy Har- bour, on 23rd November, 1804. Seeing a woman jump off tho pier Davidson ran a distance of 400 yards and without waiting to divest himself of any of his clothing plunged in and with diffieulty rescued the woman ; oertiiicato of merit. Richard Gray, of Rockdalo, Sydnoy, New South Wales, surveyor's assistant, aged 31 years, who resoood Goorgo Montgomery Henry, of Marrick- ville, aged 10 yoors, from drowning st Lady Robinson's Beach, Botany Harbour, on 22nd December, 1894. Richard Gray jumped into the water without pausing to divest himself of any of his olothes except hi» coat. The place abounds with sharks. Certificate! of merit. Robert Arthur Clements, of Leichhardt, Sydney, New South Wales, a mail-carrier, aged 23 years, who rescued Augustus Wybert, of Sydney, a labourer, aged 19 years, from drowning in Rozelle Bay, Sydnoy Harbour, on 10th August, 1894. The boat capsized, throwing all hands into the water. Clements, seeing tho accident, went out in a dingy to thoir rcsoue. Those in the water immediately swamped the dingy. Wybert called out that he had been attacked with cramps, on which Clements went to his assistance, and after considerable struggling ho succeeded in taking him ashore ; bronze modal. ENGLISH MAILS.-The mails dated London, 19th July, per R.M.S. Liguria, will be das hen to-morrow in timo for delivery at about 2 p.m. Mails by tho Rome, which loft Sydnoy lath July, arrived in London 10th August. They were duo ou the 2Iet. STEAK FEOM SYDNEY TO MANCIIESTKB.-As IN- TERESTING UNDEnTAKTNa.-A cable to the Hcreld mentioned soma time ago that a movement w11 afoot to establish a direct trade from these colonies to Manchester by tbo Gulf lino of steamers. Sinco then, through tho enterprise of Messrs. M'Artkur and Co., the matter hu taken practical shape. So much so that by the end of tho current year Australian bullocb will bo seen driving to tho abattoirs in the grut manufacturing city of Manchester, and trojes mutton will bo landed direct from the (teamen lying at tho city wharfs into tho odd stores as thoy aro to bo seen shipped here in Sydnoy nt M'llwraiui's Whirf, Admiralty Wharf, the Circular Quay, or at tho Pastoral Company's wharf, Kirribilli, ttd Messrs. M'Arlhur have taken up tho business in s thorough manner, and have secured for the Golf of Sinm, sailing heneo on a date olsewhere given, a full cargo. Wool is to be landed within a stone's throw, BO to speak, of the .fac- tories of Manchester, and 45,000 carcase, el mutton will bo delivered at the meat markets! li the Siam will reach homo a littlo ahead of tis Christmas season, consignments of poultry Willb» largely in ovidenco in the live stock on Boara tho steamer. Mr. Herbert Jefferson, theahipping manager from Messrs. M'Arthur and Co., yester- day in a conversation on the venture said that these steamers were specially built to carry cargo up tho Manchester canal. The Gulf Lit» Association has long made a feature of tho direct steamer trado from Liverpool-tho only company, indeed, that has done so-but the attractions for business into tho great heart of England aro so strong since tho canal opened tlist instead of shipping via tho outporta many ex- porters will avuil thomselves of the opportunity te ship direct to correspondents in the Yorkshire manufacturing ocntre. TUE Oí.TTEnTirux DiBAsrcn.-A wiro from Sol Rocks yesterday stated that the salvage party on board the steamer Sterling had arrived there, and had commenced work. It is stated that the diving limit is 25 fathoms, but that if tho steamer is found to bo upright, as is expected, the position of the gol bo¡Dg in a placo of security on the upper deck will bo from two to three fathom» less than tho actual depth by eonndingi. In conncotion with tho disaster, a letter received by tho agents, Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., from tho Chamber of Commerce, Newcastle, ros) as follows .-" At tho last committee meeting oxlrcmo regret was expressed at tho terrible calamity whioh had so recently overtaken the s >. Catterthun at Seal Rocks, and at tho unfortunate loss of lifo with which it had been attended. Much sympathy was felt for the sufferers and all those who had lost relatives or friends by the foundering of the vessel, end it was unanimously agreed that tho heartfelt sympathy of tua Chamber should bo convoyed through the agenta of the vessel to tho bereaved relatives." WEEOK OF A VESSEL AND Loss OF LOT. Advices to hand from Hongkong state that . shipwrookod crew belonging to the barque Hal« ' naker has arrived there and given partica« lara of the wreok of tho vessel. Tin Halnakor left Sydney in March last for tho Marshall Islands, for Messrs. Jaahu Soharff. Sho arrived at Jaluit all well, and landed part oargo, and afterwards proceeded to tho Caroline Islands. When within 80 miles et Yap the barque ran on tho southern end of Mae konzio Island and becamo a total wreck. There wera on board 550 tons of oopra and about 120 toni of gonoral cargo at the time of the accident. N» observations of tho vessel's position had been ob tainod for uro days prior to the striking. It was a thick night, no land visible, and tis wonder is that anyone of the 13 hand» on board escaped. Captain Nielson soems to have acted with seamanlike coolncsi, getting hia boats outand piloting thom through a heavy sea and duty weather to Yap. One of tho crew, the cook, wai washed ovor and drowned. Tho Halnakcr wa insured in Continental OÍECCB, and the cargo partly in colonial offices. Tho wreck took place I between tho night of tho 20th Juno and tho morn- ing of the 27th. THE UNKKOWN WSEOS ON THE NEW OALKDOWJ COAST,-Much speculation has been indiugea in with regard to tho identity of the w»°»¡¡* ' which, ha« wiMbttLnp,,»» ti« -«»st. M HW J i ftlsâonia. Tho dimension* given of the dook Ion-point to the losi of a ship of oonsldorablo ^¿e-possiblyofa thousand tons. On the JW hand, the portions of the hull being destitute é metal sheathing points to the loss of some ¿iller- sizeä vessel than that indioatod. Tho ¡¿¡ular colours-blue paint on a beam and LL on tho covering board and fart if the forefoot-aro believed by somo nautioal !L to indicate tho loss of a recruiting «»el. Many of the lumbar ship* from tho Csli forniin coast aro oopper-painted instead of being ' covered with" metal below the load-line, and were ".lumber ships just now missing this discovery J( wreckage would havo a special significance, île question is naturally askod, What has booorao «f the «row P Havo all hands perished ? Or has this disaster at soa boon ono of thoeonot 1 «common casualties wherein the ship goes to rieces on one of tho thousand coral-wreathed Utts of the Pacifio, and the mon roach tho shore ii safety to await tho visit of some trading VESSEL W DANOBR NEAR THE HEADS.-On Mon Jsy tho brig Prospero, while boating out between (is Heads, got very close into Quarantine Point. Us pilot steamer Captain Cook went off to bor, lot Captain Croer's services wero not required, as the tugboat Thistle took hold of her and gavo her M offing. EXTORT OF HORSES AOT> CATTLE.-It is intendod to ship hy tho steamer Gulf of Lions 100 bones to London, the consignment compris 1 jng polo ponies, draughts, and blood ?took, to bo shipped by tho Pastoral Finance Company« Tho stoamer yesterday loft Brisbane, and will arrive hero to-morrow morn- ing. Sho bau taken in 4500 bales of wool or thereabouts, and will completo her loading at this port and proceed direct to the Continent ond London. Were it not for the arbitrary cattlo regulations in connection with e»JI¡ng at Dunkirk tho ship would take a ]irge consignment of Hvo bullocks; but tho owners objoet to mako their ships floating jUughtoryards, oalling at Dunkirk involving tho ming of the cattlo on the deck of tho vessel carry- ing them. Tho steamor Gulf of Bothnia, which ii duo at Brisbano from Manila on tho 2nd proximo, will take a full cargo of wool, frozen pat, and livo cattlo. THE RAILWAY AOCIDBNT CASES.-The case of lliskenzle v. the Railway Commissioners, which wu tho only ono of tho thrco appeals argued before tbo Full Court, was continued yesterday Wore the Full Court, and, after hearing argu- ment, the Court reserved judgment. Tho other «tuons which woro not reached when the Judges adjourned for the midwinter vacation, will como on early in the ensuing nisi prius sittings, which will commence noxt week. A NOVEL POINT.-A peculiar decision arrived at by one of tho country magistrates came up for review by tho Full Court yesterday. A man hod been summoned for tho maintenance of his ille jitkoatc child, and tho magistrate refused to onter ttin the case on the ground that he had no jurisdiction, as it was proved in evidence that tho child was born ir Now Zealand. Tho complainant appealed and asked for a mandamus to compel the magistrate to determine tho matter, and tho Full Court granted tho application, with costs. NEW OFFICIAL ASSIONEB.-At tho meeting of tis Exeontivo Counoil yesterday Mr. William Harrington Palmer was appointed to tho position of official asaignoe rendered vacant by the resigna- tion of Mr. Augustus Morris. Mr. Palmor for ibou*. nino months ivas acting official assigneo faring the absence of Mr- L. T. Lloyd. Ha also ittetl for a short timo for Mr. Morris. Référença vu mado to tho appointment in the Assembly last light. MUNICIPAL REVISION Cotmrs.-Courts for the révision of lists of citizens entitled to voto at city lldcnnanio olections were hold yesterday morning by tho Mayor (Hon. S. E. Loes, M.L.C.) in tho Cook, Fitzroy, Phillip, and Donison Wards. A few minor matters wero rectified, but tho sittings vere formal. Courts wero hold in the othor four wards on tho provious day. EsnELD MUNICIPAL OFFICKHS.-Thcro was a ¿¡.orderly scone at tho Enfield Council meet- ing last night, consequent on tho moving, by AHerman Eaton, of a series of propositions ra purling tbo officers. The first motion, which was for a call of tho council, was carried. Alderman Eaton then moved,-"That the motion possédât .special meeting of this council held on the 29th lay of July, 1805, ro tho position of counoil clerk, irftig the duties and salaries thereof, &o;,, be, and the same is hereby rescinded." Alder- man Pilcher eocondod the motion. Alderman Wood uid he strongly opposed the proposed distribution of offices. Aldorman Hodson said not one argu- ment had been brought forward against tho pro- posals. Alderman Raton thon replied, and said the whole matter was out and dried beforehand h irai hole-and-corner dirty business. Tho Mayor tilted the alderman to withdraw the statement. Aldorman Eaton said tho Mayor could do what ho iked-ho was not going to withdraw what he hew to bo a fact. Tho motion was put, and kit. SBHOBHAK RÉCUSATION GnooND.-A Bhort timo lince a mnnioipnl conference was hold at Concord on tho subject of obtaining a recreation ground for the Western suburbs, somewhat similar to tho National Park. Action is being taken by the Beecroft Progress Association by ro ojiest'rag tho councils interested to appoint delegates to a deputation to wait on the Government, with a view to securing a «creation ground near tho Ryde railway bridge, with access thereto from the opposite side of tho liter by punt. In tho event of tho request for n recreation ground not boing granted, it is probablo that strong efforts will be put forward to sooure a proper means of passago across the river. Annon DAY CBLEDBATION.-Tho annual Arbor Sly celebration took placo at tho Superior Publio Behool, Croydon, on tho ICth instant. Mr. Hardie planted a trco on behalf of the school board ; Mrs. Hardie on behalf of rcsidonts of Burwood ; Mrs. BoVraeoa on behalf of residents of Croydon. The teachers and pupils planted trees. Mr. Hardio (ITS an address. Mr. Cunneen, master of tho Khool, called for cheers for Mr. Hardio and tho litHors. The call was hoortily respondod to. PEESENTATION AT GORDON.-On Thursday last tee pupils of the Gordon and St. Ives Public Jfiools presented a farewell address to Mrs. Jalma Torrey, who is loaring tho diBtriot. Mrs. Terrey, as a member of tho local school hoard, lu for sorno timo taken a lively intorost in tho veUsro of the schools. Besides the address, the tiildrcn of tho Gordon sohool presented Mrs. Terry with a hnndsomo butter-dish, and tho Kiolars at St. Ives gave her a preserve-holder. StnocxB HILL Y.P.S.C.E.-Tho members of ti« Summer Hill branch of tho Young People's Sosiety of Christian Endoavour havo presented Ht. Vf. N. Short, lato secretary, with a tosti nonial on tho ovo of his departuro for America. ?r. Biggs mndo the présentation, tho gift being a .teidsomo travelling bag. Mr. Short was also .»»de tho rceipiont by tho members of his Sunday fclcol class of n presentation Biblo. DEATH OF MR. JAUES RICHMOND.-Yesterday afternoon Mr. James Richmond, the marine Uperintendent of tho North Coast Company's lino .I «learners, died nt his rcsidonco, Annandale, ?f« a long illncsi. Mr. Richmond was a pro .tttnt figuro in marino engineering circles, nnd ttereport of his death, tiiough not unexpected, vu every whero received with great rogrot. About If years ago ho carno to Sydney from China, «ring prior to that hold tho responsible jorátioa of chief engineer of ono of the mail ?amers running botwoen Liverpool and Now Iori, and upon his arrival hero was appointed f-terititending engineer to tho Port Jackson T*o«hip Company, a post ho hold for several J*ri. During that timo he designed and supor jWtiie building in the Clyde of the steamer «.gliton, for tho Manly Boach forry sorvico. Ho *»> consulting engineer to several largo shipping TM| and marino superintendent to Messrs. John J* ind Company's uno of Northern river steamers. 'On tie amalgamation of the Clarence and Rioh ..xl River line with the John Seo line Mr. Rioh ?Wd was appointed marino saparintendent, and to «¡.Me supervision much of tho success of tho .rout service now conducted under tho N.C.S.N. wnpsny's flag is duo. On board tho company's «Maers yesterday tho flags woro lowered to half ."¡»t ina a nurabor of other vessels in the harbour l*a similar respoct to the momory of Mr. Ricli .*ad. Ho was a native of Kilmarnock, and waa J» old member of the Engineering Association of «»South Wales. FUNERAL OF MR. A. B. ARCHER.-The funeral of Mr. A. B. Archer, whose donth was an- nounced in yesterday's issue, took placo yesterday afternoon, at St. Thomas' Cemetery, North Sydney. The coffin was covered with wreaths, and among those who attended at the graveside were - Messrs. Butterworth (cousin of the de- ceased), C. P. Langdon (partner of the late Mr. Archer), A. W. Beard, T. Cuthbert {Australian Drug Company), W. H. Murrell (Murrell Brothers), J. and W. and H. Grear, Cyril Trower, J. C. Goodwin, W. J. Wheldon, J. W. Wakelin, H. H. Groth, and H. Groth, jun., J. C. Ludowici, H. Britten, T. W. Jago, and others. The Rev. R. Raymond King, M.A., Vicar of Gordon, read the Church of England burial service. The funeral arrangements wore under the care of Mr. W. H. Howard. A sad eiroum stance in connection with the death of Mr. A.B. Archer is that his brother, Mr. W. H. Archer, who has been on a visit to England in connection with the development of the New South Wales butter industry, is expected to arrive from England in about a week's time, and the announcement of his brother's death will be the first news he will reoeive on reaching Australis. ACCIDENTS AT PAIIRAIIATTA.-On Monday two young men wore admitted into tho Parramatta Distriot Hospital su0oring from broken bones. Joseph Pyo, 17, living at Rocky Hall, foil from a merry-go-round and fractured one forearm. John Foehely, 15 years, a labourer, residing at Hoxton Pork, was thrown ont of a cart and sustained a fracture of ono leg. FATAL STBEET ACCIDENT.-Tho City Coroner hold an inquest yesterday at the Sir William Wallace Hotel, King-street, Nowtown, upon the body of a'boy named Clarence A. Ibbotson, aged 1 year and 9 months, who was fatally injured by being run over by a loaded briok-onrt on Monday. Tho cart was in chargo of a man namod Wright. A verdict of accidental death wai returned. SUICIDE AT THE GLEBE.-Yeslterday the City Coroner (Mr. J. C. Woore) held an inquest at 15 Boyce-street, Glebe, on the body of a man namod John Blackshaw, who was found dead with a pistol shot wound in his head. A verdict of suicide while sufforing from temporary insanity was returned. No evidence was forthcoming as to tho reason for the accused having committed the aot ; bn=ut he had been noticed to be peculiar in his manner for several days bofore his death. He left a widow, but no children. TOE SUICIDE IN ELIZABETH-STREET-An in- quest was held in the South Sydney Morgue yesterday by Mr. J. 0. Woore, the City Coroner, on tho body of Louis Jansen, who shot himself whon in a shop in Elizabeth-street on Monday morning. Tho evidence showed that deceased was a pork butcher by trade, a native of Denmark, and was aged about 55 yoars. He came to Sydney in Juno lost. The modioal ovidonco showed that death had been caused by a shot from a pistol penetrating the heart and lungs. No reason was assigned for tho act. A verdict of suicide was returned. Tra MAKI STEEET ILLICIT STILL -On Monday an illicit still was seized by the authorities in full working order in a bouse in Mary-street, Rcdforn No ono, though the police waited for hours, could bo discovered about the placo Yesterday Detectives M'Leau and Greaves arrested a German in Cemotery-laue, noar tho scene of the operations of tho still Is addition to the names of those formerly pub- lished, tho following candidates wore successful in passing the late University junior publia examina- tion -\V Bryant, Publio School, Kegworth P Cureton, Sydney Grammar School M S Sutton, Mr». Lally, Bowral THE July liai per (which comes from Gordon and Gotch) contains several good Uwins, notably two travel papers, Mr Ralph's on China with capital drawings by Mr Wolaon, and Mr Remington's about bear hunting in the Rockies Mr Bigolow begins a series of articles on the German struggle to nationality, and Mr Hard} 's new novel is continued The work of three recent American artists, Downie Tryon, and Macmonmes, is sympathetically treated YESTEBDAY was the eighty-fifth anniversary of Mr Thomas Broughtnu's birthday In honour of it his six sons mot their father to congratulate him Mr Broughton is well known to old Sydncyites Ho was horn ut Windsor in 1810, and was Mayor of Sydney in 1847 Since that time he has not taken part in public matters Tim second lecture of Dr Joseph Cook's series under the auspices of the YMCA, will be delivered this evening tile subject being " Law and Labour, Property and Poverty " Tho Hon Sir Julian Salon mons will preside AT the ceremony of laying the foundation atone of the manse connected with the Botany Presbyterian Church on Saturday, the Rev W M Dill-Macky mentioned, among other influences that are at work to weaken the power of tho Protestant Church, " tho number of marriage offices, where a young man or woman could go and choose a partner for life, and have the ceremony performed then and there ou the spot " Touching this sentence Mr Seroso the manager of the local branch of Weldon's Matri- monial Association, writes - " A. such utterances ara calculated to do au irreparable injury to the business of tins association, we take this the earliest opportumtv of refuting such statements as totally inapplicable and indeed, happily for all concerned, impossible " Tim Band of tho N S W Artillery Regiment will (weather permitting) perform in tho Botanic Gordons this afternoon Tire Sydney Rescue Work Society reports that during the week ended 17th August they provided shelter and food for women and children as follows - Home of Hope Stanley street, Newtown Beds to women, 415 to children, 2SG , meals to women, li G2 Open All Night Rofuge 403 Sussex-street Bods to women, 283 to children, 93 , meals to women, 6G8 __________________ 