[ALL QTJEENSLAND BIGHTS BESERYED.] OF FIRE!^ '////////W/////////////////W////////////////////////////////1 X New Kovel MISS BR ADDON, AUTHOR OP "hady Audley's Becret," "Ths Fatal Three," "Wyllard'e Weird," "The Day Will Come," "Thou Art the Alas!" &C.;, Sc. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. . Chapters X and XL-—Allan Carew, a vcaltby young man, who has just inherited another little fortune, is riding to the meet of the South Sarum hounds. He is tnftthrirfen- for'another young man,-Geoffrey Wornock, whom he much resembles.' He hears from a waiter that his "double" is hi tho army in India; and-Mrs. "Wornock, his mother,- was supposed to be not quite right in her mind. Allan's mother doats on her eon, and is anxious that he shall makc^i good match. Chapter III.—Allan Carew having settled himself on his estate learns all there is to learn about Mrs. Womock, his double's mother, a lady with a spiritucllo tendency, who is almost a reduso in her own house. Ho goes to Fil bury Church to catch a glimpse of her, and ♦the, struck with his likeness toller son, invites. him by letter to visit herf CHAPTER IV.—[fJonlvitttd.) pHIS is ono question I have asked myself a boat hiih ever since I was • old^ enough to think—a question which I"tiret asked myself wheal began to read classics with him in my school vacations, and which I had not finished asking myself when his un tiring help'had enabled me to take a first-class in the honour school. To me it has always been a mystery that a man of wide attainments and financial independence should hare been utterly destitute of ambition. My father was a young man when ho 'married; he is still in tho prime of Hfo; and for six and twenty years he has been content to vegetate in Suffolk, and' has regarded his annual visit to London us more of . an: infliction' than & relief. I have told myself again and again that my father's life must have been shadowed by some great sorrow before his xnarriago, young as he was whoa he married." Mrs.' Wornock listened intently, hpr head slightly bent, her clasped hands resting on her knee, her sensitive lips slightly parted. "You say that your father married young." hho said, after a brief silence, in which she seemed to be thinking over his words. " What do you call young insuch a case?" father was not three and twenty when he married—two'yeara younger than 1 am at this present hour—and yet the idea of matri mony has never , shaped itself in my mind. But you must not infer from anything I have said that roy father's has been an unhappy " " * ' * * oteu to marriage. On the contrary, he is devoti my mother, and she to him. I cannot imagine abetter assorted couple./ Each supplies tho qualities wanting in the other. She is all movement,' impulse, and spontaucousncss. He is and meditative, with depths of thqaglit and feeling which so. one has sounded. They arc perfectly happy as husband and wife. But there is a shade of melancholy thatsfealsorcrmy father' in quiet unoccupied hours, which indicates a sorrow or a disappointment iu the past. I have taken it to mean an unhappy love-affair. I may be utterly wrong ; and the shadow may bo cast by a disappointed ambition. It is not unlikely that a man of .powerful intellect and lymphatic temperament should feel that he had wasted opportunities, and failed in life. # It is -nnitn imarrmn flio nmWHnn without ■quite easy to imagine the ambition without tho energy to achieve." She made no comment upon this, but Allan i could see iu her eager countenance that she was j intensely interested. _ ^ . | •'Is your-mother beautiful?" she a timidly. It seemed a foolish and futile question: and it jarred upon* that serious thought of his parents which had been inspired by hex* previous questionings But, after nil, it was a natural * question for ai woman to ash) and bo smiled a* he answered-^ . "No, my mother is not beautiful.. I am not guilty of treason as a son if I confess that she is plain,, unco she herself would be the first to take offence at any sophistication ofthe truth. She lias never ect up for bang other than sho is. . Sho has a fine countenance and a fine figure, straight as a dart, with a waist which :i girl might, acknowledge without a blush. She dresses with admirable taste, and al trays looks well, after her own fashion, exclusive of beautiful features or brilliant colouring. She is what women call stylish, and men dis tinguished. I am as proud as I am fond, of her," t ' . •* "Will she come to see you in vour n home?" " Host assuredly my mother will pay me u visit before the summer is oyer, and lUfcall be charmed to bring you and her together." "And your father? Will not he come?" "I don't know. Ho is very difficult to move. He is like tho lichen on the old stone , walls at honied Ho takes ho particular interest in chairs and tables; ho would care not a fig for my new surroundings. Besides, be saw Beechhurst years ago" as avisitor to bis wife's brother. Ho hnx no curiosity to briug hun here; and as for bis son ho knows ho has only to want me for me to bo at his side." After this there came a silence. Certainly Airs. Woroock was not gifted as a conversa tionalist. She sat looking straight before her at tho long perspective'of lawn and cypress, broad gravel walk, 'and harrow grass plots, all verging to & point (it wlueh the old house rose square and gray, crowned .with cupola and I bell. The peacocks strutted slowly along the narrow lawn. The waters of a fountain flashed in the warm sunlight. It was a garden that recalled Tifeli, or that old grave garden of the Vatican, witli its long level' walks and prim flower beds, In which the Holy Father takes his restricted airing. . In the Vatican pleasure grounds there are peacocks and dipped Hedges, and smooth greensward, and formal cypress avenues, and quaint arbours; bat tbc hnm of Home, the echoes of the Papal barrack, the rush of the Tiber are near, and not even in that antique garden can there be tliis summer silence, silence as profound as in the enchanted islo where it seemed always afternoon. "Tell me more about yourself, your child hood, your^ youth," Mrs. "Wornock asked suddenly, witu an air. of agitated impatience which took Allan by surpriso. Mrs. I Monungion had prepared him for a certain eccentricity in the lonely lady of Bis combe, but the strangeness of her manner was 1 even more than he had expected. • "There is very little to tell about my own life,"- he said, I have lived at home for the most part, except when I was at Eton and Cambridge. My father helped me in all my studies. I never bad any other tutor, except at the university. My home life was of the quietest. Fenayke "is twenty mflcs from Cam bridge, but it seems at the end of the world. The single line of railway that leads to it comes to a full stop.- The terminus stands in the midst of a Batch landscape—level fields divided by shallow dykes," a. river so straight that it might as well boa canal, watcrmills, pollarded willows, straight clean roads, and flno old Norman churches large enough for. u city, no Sunday trains, and not many on lawful days. A neat little town, with decent shops and com fortable inns, and a market which only awakens from a Pompeian slumber for an hour or two on Fridays. A land of rest and plenty, • pic turesque cottages and trim cottage gardens, an - air of prosperity which I believe is real. So • much for our town and surroundings. For the family mansion picture to yourself a long low 'house, built partly of brick and partly of wood, with chimney stacks that contain brick enough for the building of respectable houses, and which have defied the gales sweeping down from the Ural Mountains—there is nothing, mark ^bu, between Fendykc and the Urals— i ever since Queen Elizabeth was young enough I to pace a painn." I "Yon must be fond of an old house like ' that." "Yes, I am very fond of Fcudyke. . I even love the surrounding country, though I can but wish Nature had hot ironed the .landscape with licr mammoth iron. She might have left us a few creases, a wrinkled meadow here and there." \ " I have heard that people born in Norfolk and Suffolk have an innate antipathy to hills." "That may be. Indeed I have noticed iu the East Anglians a kind of stubborn pride in the flatness of their soil. But I have not that ; perverted pride in ugliness, since I was not born in Suffolk." "Indeed." ! "Ho. 2fv father lived in Sussex—at Hay [ ward's Heath—at the time of Lis marriage, and i | for half a dozen years after my birth.. Pen j dyke came to him from his maternal giand I father, who left his estate to his daughter and I j heiress, and to her son after her who was to j ( assume the name and arms of Carew when he j ' succeeded to the property. My father's name i !. was Bercsford." | \- There was no reply—no further questioning j on Mrs. "Wornock's part—and for some minutes i . Allan abandoned himself to the dreamy silence i of the scene, content to watch the peacocks on | the lawn, and to listen to the splash of the fountains. j , Then suddenly the silence surprised him, and he turned to loos at bis companion. Her head had fallen back against the wall of the summer house, her eyes were closed, and her face was white as death. She was in a dead faint; and they .were at least u quarter of a mile from the house. . . The situation wasawkward for Allan, though there was nothing in so simple a matter as a fainting fit to surprise him. Ho knew chat there arc women who faint at the smallest pro vocation,' in a crowded room, in. tho. sunshine, at church," anywhere. Hero the sunshine was perhaps to. blame ; that delicious pure sunlight iu which he had been basking. He gave a long Australian coo-ee, long enough and loud enough'to have brought help from the wilderness, and assuredly calculated to attract some gardener at work within call. Then ho bethought himself of. Ihe fountains, and ran to.get some water in his hat.' At the first dash of water Mrs. Wornock opened her eyes, with a little sobbing sigh, and looked at him as if wondering who and what he was. "I knew he would have .answered my prayer," she murmured brokenly, "spirit.to spirit, ghost to ghost" ^ It seemed a worso kind of faint than Allan, had supposed, for now her mind was wander ing.- . .• MI fear the sun was too warm for you," he;said, standing before her hi painful em barrassment; hair expecting some indication of « absolute lunacy. "Yes, yes, it was the sun," she answered nervously. "The glare is eo strong this after noon; and this rummer-house is shadeless. I must go hack to the houso. It was very foolish of me to faint. I am so sorry.' I hops you won't consider me a very silly person." \- "My dear Mrs. Woniock, I have never heard that a fainting-fit on a worm summer afternoon is a sign of silliness." "No, it is a tiling one cannot help, can one ? But it must have been so unpleasant for you. Ah, here is one of the gardeners," as a man came hurrying towards her, with a scared countenance. " There is nothing the matter, Henry.' I am quite well new. Mr. Carew and I can walk back to the house. And so your father's original name was Beiesford. Docs he call himself Berosford-Carcw ?" . Yes, in all important documents; but he is a man too careless ot forms to trouble himself about the first name, and it has fallen into disuse for the most part, Carcw being the name of honour in our countv. He is known at Fendyke and in the neighbourhood simply as Squire Carcw. I am myself Beresford* Carew sometimes, when I want to distinguish myself from the numerous clan of Carcws in, Devonshire and elsewhere. "Will you take my arm to go back to the house?" ' "Yes," timidly and faintly, "I shall be very glad of your support." ' - She put her small white hand through his arm, and walked slowly "and silently by Lis side.' Returning consciousness bad brought back very little colour to her face. - If* had still an almost unearthly"- pallor. She walked the whole distance without uttering a word. A* faint sigh fluttered on her lips two or three times during that slow promenade, and on her drooping lashes Allan saw the glitter of a tear. For some reason or other she was deeply moved; or it might be that her fainting- fits always took this emotional form. He saw her safely seated on licr own sofa, with footman and maid in attendance upon her, before l:c ! took a brief adieu. | " You'll come and see me again, I hope, she i said with a faint smile, as she gave h'ra her baud at parting. ; - \ "I shft'l be most happy," he murmured, doubtful within himself whether he would ever hazard a repetition of this ogitatiug finale to | an afternoon call. To be interrogated about himself and his surroundings with an eager curiosity which was certainly startling, and then find himself tete-a-tetc with an. unc to find himself tete-a-tetc with an. unconscious ' fellow-creature was an ordeal that few young men would care to repeat. When' he described his visit next day to Mrs. Morningtoa, she only shrugged her shoulders, and said decisively," "Hysteria I Too much money, too much leisure, and no respectable connections. If there is one. woman I pity j more than another that woman is Mrs. Wornock." " If ever I call on her again it must be with yon or with mv mother," said Allan. "I won't face her alone.". . . Although became to this decision about the lady, he found himself not the less disposed to .dwell upon her image during the days - and weeks that followed his afternoon at Dlscombc,. and more than once he a&ed; himself whether there might not be. some more cogent. reason. for her faintincr-fit than the sun's warmth, or the sun's glare—whether that deep interest whiebfshe had evinced in all he could tcU her of home and parents might"not be founded on something more serious than an idle woman's idle curiosity. . J Could it be that he had lighted upon fome trace of that mystery in his father's past life— that mystery which, without tangible evidence, he had always imagined.as the keynote to his father's character in later years? She tad •fainted immediately upon his telling her his •fatberVfonner name. Was that a mere co incidence of time, or was the name the rsuso of hesitation in"going alone—the second time. .Lady Emily arrived on a visit to Her son while lie was pondering this unanswerable question about 3Irs. "Wornoct, and-he caught at the opportunity.. He hardly allowed "his. mother time to inspect his house and gardens,. and the small farm which-supported his larder, and to give her opinion upon the famishing of tho rooms, and the arrangement of the flower* beds and lawns, before he suggested taking her to call upon bis neighbonr at Discombe.. . "But why, Allan? why should I call upon this Mrs. Wornock, when I am a strauger in the land r" argued his mother. "If there is any question of calling, it is lira. Wornock who must call upon me." "Ah, but this lady is an exception to all rules, mother. She.calls upon hardly anybody, and she has begged me to go and see her, and I feel a kind of hesitation in going alone—a. second time." He stopped in sadden embarrassment. He did not wish to tell liis mother about the faint* ing-fit, though he had described the scene freely to Mrs. Mornington. He had thought more seriously of the circumstance since that ; conversation with Mrs Hornington, and he was | inclined to attach more importance to it now than at that time. I "Ithink you would be interested in Mrs. i Wo mock, mother," he urged, after a pause, ; during which Lady Emily had been paring the ♦room from window to waH with .the idea of suggesting a bay to he thrown out where there was now only a flat French casement. "Allan, you alarm me. I think you must be in love with this eccentric widow. You told me she was very rich, didn't you? It might not be a bad match for you." "Perhaps not, if Mrs. Wornock had any penchant for mc; and if I wanted a wife ola enough to be ray mother. Do you know that, the lady has a son as old as I am r" He reddened at the thought of that son, whoso likeness fo Bercsford-C^rew was start ling enough to . surprise Lady -Emily, and might possibly occasion unpleasant suspicions. And yet accidental likenesses ore so common in„ ■ this world that it would be weak to be scared .by such a resemblance. *" "Would he be wise in taking his mother to Discoinbo? Perhaps not. He. bad made up his mind to take her there, wisely or foolishly. He wanted to bring her plain common sense to bear upon Mrs. TTornock's fantastic dlsposl* " My mother is the shrewdest woman I know,'* he told himself. " She will read Mrs. . WornocVs character much better than I can.'1 Lady Emily was the soul of good nature, and was particularly free from the trammels of conventionality; so,* when'she found her son had the matter at heart she waived all question of the caller and the called upon, and allowed .< Allan to drive her to Discomoe on the after noon after her arrival at Beechhurst; and the drive and the approach to the manor were very agreeable to her. : : ; " Yon are really prettier hereabouts than wo . are in Suffolk," sne said condescendingly: "but you have not our wide expanses of pas ture, our open horizon. Those high, downs have a cramping effect on your landscape— they narrow your outlook and shut you in. too much. Your sunsets must be vciy poor iu a broken-up country like this." The weather was more sultry than on Allan's previous visit. Summer had ripened, the roses were in bloom, 'and the last purple petal had fallen in the rhododendron jungle through which they drore to the 3£*nor House. \- Mrs. "Wuniock was at home. Vain for the footman to deny it even had he been so minded, for the deep-toned music of the organ was ■ pealing along the corridor. The mighty chords which begin Beethoven's "Funeral March for the Burial of a Hero" crashed out, solemnly and slowly, as Lady Emily and her son ap proached the music-room; and when, at the opening of the door, the player stopped sud- _ denty, the silence was more startling than the music had been. • Startling, too, to see the fragile form of the 1 player and the semi-transparent hands which - had produced that volume of sound. - - " I had no idea you were so fine a musician, ! Mrs. Wornock," Lady Emily said graciously, j after the introduction" had been got- over,' the : lady of Dissombe standing before her timidly S in the broad sunlight from the open window, I to fragile, so youthful lookimr, so unlike the ! mistress of a great house and rite chief person j age in a rostig pariah. " My sou wan eloquent I in your praise, but be forgot to tell me of your musical talent." I "Idon'tthinklhavemnch talent,"answered I Mrs. "Wornoik, hesitatingly. "I aniveryiond i of music—that is alL" '; . "Thereis a great dealin that all.. I. wish | my loTe of made—and Allan knows I prefer a | good concert to any' other form of entertain- : | roent—would enable me to play as you do, for - -• I then I could take the place of the stupidest * .organist inEngland at our parish church." I Lady Emily was making conversation, seeing ! that Mrs. Wornock'a lips were mute and dry, as if she were absolutely speechless from fright. A mast extraordinary woman, thought Lady , Emily; shy to n degree that bordered -on lunacy. " _ ' Tho talk had all to be done by Allan and his mother, since Mrs. Wornock's share in it was hardly more than monosyllabic. 'She assented to everything they said-^shc contradicted her self over and over again about the weather, and about the distinguishing features of the surrounding country. She agreed with Lady Emily that the hills spoiled the landscape; 'she assented to Allan's protestation that the hills were the chief charm of Jthe neighbourhood. She rang for tea, and when the servants had brought tables and tray and tea- kettle she sat as in a dream for ever, so long before she became conscious that the things were there: and that she hod a duty'to perform. Then she filled the cups with tremulous hands, and allowed Allan to help her through the amplest ' - details. Her obvious distress strengthened Allan's suspicions. Here must be some mystery behind all this embarrassment. Mrs. Warnoek could .hardly behave in this -way to. cvery straneer who called upon her. Of all women living no one was le«3 calculated to inspire awe than Lady Emily Carew.. Good humour was writ large upon her open countenance. The milk of human kindness gave softness to her speech. Stic was full of consideration for others! \ ' Distracted by the music of the organ Lady •Emily had not even glanced at the Millars • portrait wluch faced her as she walked along the corridor. . It was, therefore, with unmixed astonishment that she observed a photograph ' on an eased conspicuous on ^ distant table—a photograph which she took to be the likeness of her son. "I see you have, given Mrs. Woroock your photo, Allan," she said. " That is more than you have done for me since you were at the university." " Go and look at the photo, mother,, and you will see I have not been so wanting in filial duty." Lady Emily rose and went over to the table in the furthermost window. 44 No, I see it is another face: but there is a wonderful look of yon. Dray, who Is this nice looking yohng man, Mrs. Wornock? I may call him nice looking with a good grace . since he is not my son. His features arc more refined than Allans. The modelling of the .face is more delicate/* 4'That is my son's portrait," answered Mrs. Wornock, " and it is thought a good likeness. • He is like Mr. Carew, is he not? Almost startliogly like; but the resemblance is less'* striking in the picture than in the living face." It Is in expression that the two faces arealike." "I begin to understand why -you aro interested in my eon,** said Lady Emily, smiling down at the face on the easel. "Tie : two young men might he brothers. Bray, how old is this young gentleman?" * "He will be six and twenty in August." ' "And Allan was twenty-five last May. And is Mr. Wornock an only. son. like my Allan?" "Yes. I have only him. "When he is away I am quite alone—except for my organ and piano. ' I try sometimes to think they are both. - alive.** " " What a pity you have, no daughter. A. place like this loolo as if it wanted a daughter. But you and I are in. the same desolate con dition. Allan is all I have—and my white farm-." . [to BZ CQSTCTOSD 27ESX TTX5X.J j 