LOKDOK TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 4, 1895. This time last year we were all sadly an ticipating Mi*. Gladstone's immediate demise. It could not be long delayed, said the doctors solemnly. The magnificent constitution had at last gone to pieces, and what overwork at an advanced age had begun the wrench of re signation would complete. But a twelve month has elapsed since then, and the Grand Old Man shows no signs whatever of giving up the ghost. On the contrary, he appears more vigorous at 85 than at 84. When one re members the few hours per diem spent out of bed by the average octo genarian one begins to realise what a Ehenomenon the ex-Prime Minister is. On is birthday last Saturday, for example, Mr. Gladstone rose at half-past 6, and an hour later was fuming because a marrow- chilling north-east gale prevented his walking to the early service at Hawarden church. The morn ing was spent opening hundreds of congratu latory telegrams and several mail bags full of letters and presents from all parts of the world. Then about noon the right honorable gentleman donned his fur coat, and accom panied by Mrs. Gladstone and other members of his family, not forgetting Miss Dorothy Drew, who hopped gaily along holding grand papa's hand, proceeded to the Hawarden vestry. There an Armenian deputa tion, introduced by Mr. P. S. Steven son, M.P., were waiting, and • to them Mr. Gladstone delivered, seated in a chair, a speech eloquent, vigorous, impas sioned,1 which is being read this morning in all parts of the world with respectful attention. ■ Mr. Gladstone's utterances must always command attention, but on this Armenian question he has a special right to be heard. He is still the true friend to whom the oppressed subjects of the "unspeakable Turk" turn naturally in their direst need. And well they may. " It was thought," said the Grand Old* Man on Saturday with just pride, "it was thought a great extravagance when I said that I: thought it was time the Turk and all his belongings should go out of Bulgaria bag and baggage." The Tories gibed scornfully, scoffing at Mr. Gladstone's outcry, which might, they said, be sumptuous verbosity, but certainly wasn't practical statesmanship. Yet out went the Turk neck and crop, bag and baggage. It was a glorious crusade. Mr. Gladstone's burning, words swept over Europe like a flame, setting alight to fierce indignation everywhere. Before it the Sultan of those days and his friend, Lord Beaconsfield, cowered and fell. When the Treaty of Berlin had been signed and the Turkish Empire "consolidated" by the simple but effectual process of curtailment, even the dullest Tories could see who was the practical statesman and who the mouthing declaimers. Whether the Turk in Armenia has been worse than the Turk in Bulgaria we shall know presently when the Commission now enquiring into the atrocities has reported. One thing, however, is certain. If there were, as the Armenians feared, a chance of the scandal being forgotten or liushed up, the G.O.M. has destroyed it. No one living can command such an audience as he, or arouse the world's conscience more effectually. The Armenian commissioners will now do their work with the Gladstonian eye upon them. If it is un satisfactory the Great Powers are sure to take the matter up. Lord Rosebery will see to that. ■ The middle-class Yankee when pure and un adulterated by pernicious foreign influences is a charming study. Be but notorious and he will forgive you—as he would say himself— "just anything." Here in this benighted old land when a man robs a bank, or forges a cheque, or mints counterfeit coin, or defrauds the widow and the orphan, society looks coldly upon him ever after. He may bear his punish ment manfully and do his utmost to atone, but it must be under, a new name and amidst fresh surroundings. To confess his identity with that of a man who fell would be to damn his chances utterly. A _ few good and true souls might be kind and. many more would certainly be patronising, but the majority would simply avoid him. In America they manage things very_ differently, as witness the case of Mr. Austin Bidwell, commonly called the " King of the Forgers." About the year 18(59 this enterprising person was chief of a gang of forgers, whose depreda tions oh no less a person than the Old Lady of Threadneedle-street, thrilled the commercial communitycorisiderably. Theywereultimately all lagged, and Bidwell, as their leader, got penal servitude for life. Two years ago, having done his " twenty-stretch," to use the professional phrase,-Air. Bidwell emerged from gaol, a re formed character. "I faced," he says, "our fearful sentence manfully, and after having paid Justice her pound of flesh came out with courage and fortitude unbroken to begin again the battle of life." Mr. Bidwell went to America; where instead of hiding his light under a . bushel he proclaimed both sin and punishment on the housetops. ''The King of the Forgers, repentant and seeking a better life, settles in Hartford, Conn.," announced the papers. He was " interviewed " of course, and related harrowing experiences of prison sufferings. Parsons and philanthropists patronised Mr. Bidwell (he was a splendid "draw" at tea meetings) and business men gave him'a hand. His was a very interesting case, and he made_ the utmost of it. Tlie man's record, which in England would have damned him, in Hartford helped him on: Everybody wanted to do something^ for this phenomenal repentant sinner, this prince of reformed prigs. Nowadays Mr. Bidwell holds a high place in serious circles at Hart ford. Writing to the London Evcniny.Nacs, which on November 19 devoted an article to his able exploits as a forger, he says:—" In the two years since my liberation I have made a record and achieved a position in the literary world as well as in the world of finance. So much so that when I went on a mission to Philadelphia a few months ago I carried intro ductions and vouchers from the wealthiest and most conservative banker in America, and this week I am to be the guest of the first literary club in New York. The mayor of this city or any bank or banker will vouch for Miss Christina Rossetti, who died rather suddenly on Saturday morning, was recently described by an acknowledged judge as " with in her range the most perfect poetess that this country has produced." Awhyet many tolerably well- read people had never even heard of her or if they had heard of her knew nothing of her work. I remember when the discussion as to who Tennyson's successor should be was on and Mr. Patchett-Martin and others were stoutly maintaining the claims of Miss Rossetti, hear ing an Oxford M.A. ask "Who is this Chris tina Rossetti ? Dante Gabriel Rossetti I have heard of, but/ Christina is new to me. Tell me about/ her." Needless to say this student was a Scot, and confined his reading of poetry to Burns and the Wizard of the North. Nevertheless, so far as Miss Rossetti is concerned, I am afraid a good many of us are like him. Christina Rossetti belonged to one of the most remarkable families of our century, every member of which seemed to be endowed with the indescribable quality we oall fenius. The Rosettis were the children of an talian refugee, and the finest Italian qualities were common toall of them. They were brought up on Dante, and saturated with his work and his spirit. Only those can truly appreciate the greatest of Florentines who possess a religious mind combined with an artistic sense. It was the " Divine Commedia" and "VitaNuova" which above all else inspired the work of the Rossettis, and gave them their sense of form as well as then- ideas. Christina was the youngest child of Gabriel Rossetti, born in 1830, and two years younger than the poet painter. She has been styled the Queen of the pre-Raphaelites, and aptly enough her posi tion amongst the brotherhood has been com pared with that of the very different Margaret Fuller amongst the Transcendentalists. All the Rossettis were precocious, and in her teens Christina blossomed into an authoress. Her ea: ly e forts were printed at her grandfather's gre.TS for private circulation, and the little oolc that contains them is (amongst pre-Raphaelites and ex-pre-Raphaelites) one of the rarest and most precious literary curios. When the Germ was started Miss Rossetti contributed some beauti ful lyrics thereto, but the pre-Raphaelite magazine had too limited a circulation for tlieni to attract general notice. In 18(52, however, appeared "Goblin Market," which established | Christina Rossetti's reputation, and proved her one ot our rarest songsters. Both this ! work and " The Prince's Progress " were illus | tratedby Dante Gabriel, and first editions now command their weight in silver. In appearance Christina Rossetti in girlhood resembled the ideal " blessed damozel." She radiated peace and purity indescribable. Her brother painted her again and again, but his best portrait as well as his masterpiece is the world famous !"The Girlhood of the Virgin," engravings of which are common and sure to be familiar to you. The face of the virgin is pale and ascetic, uniting the simplicity of refined girlhood with the individuality of approaohing womanhood. Her long_ fair hair sweeps over her shoulders-past her waist. The face is an exact likeness of Christina, but her hah- was brown and not fair as in the picture. A complete edition of Miss Rossetti's poems came out in 1890, and can be obtained for a few shillings. " In the extremely rare gift of song writing," wrote Mr. Edmund Gosso some time ago, \VI'SS Rossetti has been singularly successful. Of the poets of our time she stands next to Lord Tennyson in this branch of the art, in the spontaneous and complete quality of her liedcr, and in their propriety for the purpose of being sung." The same critic points out a peculiarity in her sonnets, which must, indeed, commend themselves to all judges, that many of them are objectivo; and he declares that as a religious poet of our time she has had no rival but Cardinal Newman— " she is the sister of George Herbert; she is of the family of Crashaw, of Vaughan, of Wither." ; You must find space for one little poem, which has a pathetiainterest now-;— When I am dead, my dearest Sing no sad songs forme; Plant thou no roses at my head, No shady cypress tree; Be the green grass above me With showers and dewdrops wet; And if thou wilt, remember, And if thou wilt, forget. I shall not see the shadows, I shall not feel the rain ; I shall not hear the nightingale i Sing on, as if in pain; And dreaming through the twilight That doth not rise nor set, Haply I may remember, And haply may forget. Finally let me quote a few stanzas from ona of the most characteristic, and perhaps tlis most beautiful, of all Miss Rossetti's poems— thepoem of Christian's progress, Prom House to Homo":— Then life swooned from me. And I heard tho song Of spheres and spirits rejoicing over me; One cried—"Our sister, she hath suffered long"— One answered—" Make her see. Multitudes—multitudes—stood up in bliss, Made equal to the angels, glorious, fair ; With harp, palms, wedding garments, kiss or peace, And crowned and haloed hair. Each face looked one way like a moon, new lit, Each face looked one way towards its Sun of Love; Drink love and bathed in love and mirrored iti And knew no end thereof. Glory touched glory on each blessed head, Hands locked dear hands never to sunder more; These were the new-be™otten from the dead Whom the great birthday bore. 