KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXVIII—(Continued.) The blinds were closed—a solemn hush lay over the house. In the parlor of the Silver Rose two coffins stood on trestles. In one the body of Harriet Harman lay— in the other, what they had found in the ruins of Bracken Hollow. It was late in the afternoon of the following day. Over Scarswood Park summer silence and summer beauty reined. The fish pond and fountains flashed like jewels in the sunshine ; in turfy lanes, emerald green, white, pink, and crimson August roses nodded their fragrant heads in the sultry heat. The peacock strutted unadmired in the sun, bees boomed, grasshoppers chirped, but no living thing was to be seen around the grand old mansion. Everywhere, within and without, Sabbath silence reigned. The earl of Ruysland was alone in the soltitude and splendor of the drawing-rooms, his reflection in the many mirrors meeting him at every turn, like a black-robed ghost. He was walking up and down as Lady Cecil had found him last night—the same thoughtful frown on his brow, the same exasperated thought still uppermost. ''Why the deuce couldn't Otis have minded his business and let things alone ? From all I have heard of the other one,'' he resumed, '' I was much better off without her. She was neither handsome nor amiable ; she was passionate, heartstrong, wilful, disobedient. Cecil is none of these things ; she has been a creditable daughter, from first to last. And they say blood tells. Why need this officious fool, this meddlesome Otis, go raking up the unpleasant truth ? The other is dead— it can't benefit her. Cecil is alive, and it will make her wretched all the rest of her life, poor child! and what— what will Sir Arthur say ? One consolation is, he is the soul incarnate of honour : he won't draw back, if I know him at all ; I believe he will only press his suit the harder. So poor Queenie is provided for, in any ease, Egad ! I didn't know how fond I was of her before ! It's a very unpleasant business from begin- ning to end, and I could see Otis at the bottom of the bottomless pit with pleasure. It must be hushed up— at any price, it must be hushed up— for my sake, for my late wife's, for poor Queenie's, for Sir Arthur's. The devil take Otis ! What was the fool's motive, I wonder ! What--what if that diabolical Miss Herncastle has had something to do with this, too ? On my life, she has ; was there ever an in fernal piece of mischief let loose on the earth yet, without the woman being the instigator ? I believe''-- he struck his hands together—'' it is Miss Herncastle's handiwork, from first to last. Well, Soames, what now?'' ''The post, my lord — letters for your lordship.'' The bowing Soames placed a silver salver, on which half a dozen letters were arranged, before his lordship, and backed from the room. There were one or two for Lady Cecil— one from Sir Arthur Tregenna— two for Lady Dangerfield,and two for himself. The first of these letters was on business from his solicitor, the other in a hand that was new to him. He broke it open. It was lengthy. He glanced at the name—'' Redmond O'Donnell.'' '' Now what does O'Donnell mean, by making me wade through twelve closely written pages?'' his lordship said, in an aggrieved tone. ''How little consideration some people have for the feelings of their fellow-beings ! I'll have to look over it at least, I suppose.'' He adjusted his eye-glass, smoothed out the pages, and glanced through them. ''Miss Herncastle"---'' '' Katherine Dangerfield'' — what did it mean? Everywhere those two names ! His lassitude vanished. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through. His face changed as it had not changed when Otis first broke to him the news that his daughter was not his daughter. Goodness above! what was this ? Katherine, Dangerfield not dead ! Katherine Dangerfield and Miss Herncastle one and the same ! Katherine Dangerfield his daughter ! Miss Herncastle, whom he had haunted down, whom he had employed a detective to track, whom he had driven from Scarswood like a felon — Katherine Dangerfield and Miss Herncastle one ! He turned sick. He laid down the letter--a creeping feeling of faintness upon him — and waited. The soft breeze of the summer's evening blew on his face. A carafe of ice-water stood on the table. He drank a glass, took a turn about the room, sat down suddenly, and read the letter over again. It was plainly there— all the proofs, one after an other ; no doubting — no disputing now. She had not died ; Otis knew it and had not told him this. He recalled the picture of Lionel Cardanell in the possession of the governess, her interest in the story, the strong likeness to his dead wife that had struck him the first time he saw her. The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the dis- guises she had assumed. What a bold game she had played ! And Tregenna had fallen in love with her, and he had separated them — forced him to pro- pose to Harriet Harman's daughter. His daughter lived — had relented at the eleventh hour — had burned the confession — returned Sir Peter his money — renounced her retribution — and gone into the world, alone and unaided, to fight the bitter battle of life. For once in his life, cynicism, philosophy, fell from the earl of Ruysland ; for once all the creeds of his training and his order were powerless to help him bear this. Had Redmond O'Donnell ever asked for revenge — had he seen him then — even he might have been amply satisfied. He covered his eyes with his hand — struck to the very soul. ''Oh, God!'' he cried, ''this is the hardest to bear of all ! CHAPTER XXIX. HOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. That never-to-be-forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill, gray winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scars- wood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing all the land in living green. The bright afternoon was at its brightest, as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair under the King's Oak, her sketch-book in her lap, the flickering lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy played at hide- and-seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Dangerfield, in the drawing-room played waltzes on the piano; and Lady Cecil let book and pencils fall listlessly, and sat ''lost in memory's mazes.'' Eight months had passed and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Tregenna had stood by her side at yonder sunny boudoir window and asked her to be his wife. Eight months since, in the hotel parlour, he had pleaded with her to marry him-- pleaded while all his heart was another's-- pleaded, and in vain. They had met but once since then, and then how differently. He had gone abroad, and resumed his wandering life. Before going, however, he had called upon Katherine — a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meeting for both. Why he had gone he could hardly have told ; some ''spirit in his feet'' — some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave England for years without seeing her. There was very little to say on either side— a mutual restraint held them — the interview had been silent and short. He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large eyes, and knew, more strongly than he had ever known before, that this woman, of all the women on earth, was the only one he ever had loved, or ever would love. And knowing it he had left her. Was it not wisest ? Earl Ruysland's daughter she might be, injured be- yond all reparation she might be, but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud — proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent. No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race ; should he be the first to blot their escutcheon ? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter's fears— to play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part, gone in male attire to the masquerade, personated Frankland, and separated man and wife. And at last, and worst of all in this dark and deadly summing up of crime, she had palmed herself off again, of course in male attire, as Gaston Dantree, and with the coolness and skill of a Homburg gambler won from the baronet his money. All this she had done. He might be in love, but he was not blind — he summed up the evidence merci- lessly against her. True, at the eleventh hour she had striven to repair and atone ; but can any repa ration or atonement ever wash out guilt on earth ? She had been great even in her wrong-doing ; but such a woman as this was no wife for him. And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wandering over the world, striving to forget. But forgetfulness would not come. 'How is it under our control to love or not to love ?'' He could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him, from his heart. That pale, wistful face, the dark, sad eyes followed him, haunted him wherever he went. And just three months after his departure there came to Miss Dangerfield a letter, postmarked Constantinople pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all his love — a full confession. He could not be happy without her — would she be his wife ? Her answer was a refusal. ''I would indeed be unworthy the great compli- ment you pay me,'' she wrote, ''if I accepted your generous offer. My life has gone wrong from first to last ; all the years that are to come will be too few for atonement. Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife must be above reproach. No one in the future shall lift the finger of scorn, and say the last of a noble line disgraced it by marrying me. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, that I can be your wife. But the knowledge that I once won a heart so true, so noble, will brighten all my life.'' He had written to her again, and she had answered gently, but with unflinching resolution. Again he wrote, again she replied, and the correspondence went on between them. During that winter long letters from every city in Europe came to the little cottage of Henry Otis. And so--they hardly knew how--they grew to understand one another as they might never have done else. She learned, as the months went by, to look for the coming of those pleasant white-winged messengers as gleams of sunshine in her sober, drab-coloured life. As for him--how eagerly Sir Arthur Tregenna received and welcomed the replies only Sir Arthur Tregenna knew. For the rest, she had already atoned in great measure for the evil of the past. Her letter to Sir Peter, her humility, her forgiveness, had somehow made its way even to his shrivelled, icy heart. The unutterable relief of knowing she was not dead, that the ghost was no ghost, of receiving intact all his money back, was so great, that he was ready to promise anything, do anything. She asked but one boon ; that he would forgive and take back his wife. The blame of the masked ball was all hers — hers alone. Lady Dangerfield would never have gone but for her urging. He read it, his dried-up little heart softening wonderfully for the time. He fin- ished it, he ordered his charger, he rode forth to Scarswood and his wife. What that conjugal meet- ing was like the world is not destined to know. Sir Peter was relenting but dignified, very dignified; and my lady, hysterical, frightened, ready to eat humble pie to any extent, resigned the reins of power at once and forever. The calumet of peace was smoked — a treaty of peace issued on sundry conditions. One was that the town house was to be leased ; no more London seasons ; Scarswood and her husband were to be brightened by her presence the year round. And Jasper Frankland was never to come down again. Indeed, the less company the Park saw, Sir Peter signified, the better its sovereign lord and master would like it. Lord Ruysland had gone abroad. There was always a little money to be picked up at Baden Baden and Homburg ; living was cheap. To Baden and Homburg the noble earl went and entered the lists of' ''birds of prey.'' For Cecil, her home was still at Scarswood — in the capacity of governess, vice Miss Herncastle, resigned. ''You will want a governess for Pearl and Pansy you say, Ginevra, she said, quietly the day preceding her father's departure. '' Take me.'' ''Queenie!'' my lady cried. ''You?'' The discovery of Queenie's parentage had made no change in Ginevra's affections. If there was one true, pure, womanly feeling in her hard, worldly, selfish heart, it was for La Reine Blanche. (To be continued.) 