A MAN-HAUNTEl) _ j»- [BY F.C.B.V.] NOT far from the town of P • , in the old country, there is a quiet old home, one time the mansion of a country squire. The Carews, who for many years enjoyed the dignity off; lords of the wooded manor, are among the long list of England's extinct aristocracy to-day, and their once lordly estates have been divided nmongst the stranger and the social alien, till now there remains intact only the ancient battlemented structure, which wad their ancestral home, and which, mantled with ivy, with its stone doorway of Norman build, is still surmounted and dignified by the hatchment of the dead but still remembered race. But on the door beneath (which is ever closed, and well bolted and barred, as in the old baronial days) there gleams a brass plate of unmistakeably professional aspect, with the words "J. B. Forrester, M.D," inscribed upon it, while the small remnants of what was once a noble park are disfigured by a high wall, castellated like the house, but evidently painfully modern, and rendered the more forbidding by a forest of iron spikes which bristle on its summit. : The old, mullioned windows, too, have lost much of their beauty from the filagree of iron bars and wires which enclose each, while over the place there hangs a silence of ill omen, broken only at rare intervals, and then by awesome sounds of woe, or shrieks of demoniac merriment, which chill the blood more than the cries of pain. It was at this forbidding house I was once a visitor— happily for a brief space, less than a :day in duration Dr. Forrester was a jovial sort of fellow enough. His body was fat and aldermanic ; his face, benevolent, and ; liis gold-rimmed pince net the model of professional respectability ; and when he \- told me that so- and-so and such-a-oiie —his guests, were quite " safe," 1 1 believed him, and sat me down within range of a middle-aged man who walked ap and down, glancing around now and then with a furtive air, while the doctor continued bis rounds. My neighbour had at this time almost the calm face of a philosopher, and when he addressed me, at first casually, I felt an interest in what this sober-looking gentleman might say next. Then he sat down beside me. " Do you believe in ghosts ?" he aBked with startling abruptness. Unprepared for the question, and knowing the character of the place I was in, I murmured an evasive reply, which, however, passed unheeded for, with a rapid torrent of words, my interlocutor went on :— " Oh 1 you don't—of course you don't—people like you never do—till they've had experience—and then sometimes they believe too much and go off their head. When I commenced my experiences people said I would go mad —but I didn't, you see, although my long vigils gave me neuralgia of the brain—BO I came here—to a hospital. If I had been mad, I should have gone to a madhouse, shouldn't I ?" He stopped as abruptly as he had commenced, and awaited my reply. " I suppose so," I replied weakly— and uncomfortably, too, to tell the truth, " You suppose so ? You know so— your nerves are all wrong, my friend-r- I must speak to the Doctor about joh^-iUver''mind-—I've got to tell you about my ghost experiences. Well, my dear fellow, I once spent a long time in South America—ah ! that's a fine country for A man to be in—'and the women }—from 14 to 25 they are the loveliest on earth. Yes ! and l loved the loveliest of them all too, and she loved me." (This with a Btrange smile, half sorrow, half vanity.) There was one drawback—she was another . man's wife —and he watched her like the very devil, as we learnt too well afterwards, Bat for all that, we had some very gqpd times—and at first enjoyed onr&elves; immensely. Bat as for Orellano—that was her husband's name—he kept up his watch--day and night—though this we knew not. 1 And one night, as I left her house under the clear moon of the tropics, he met .me—ho, I shall never forget how that man looked—I have Been him often since, though never bat twice more was I to see him in the flesh. We stopped dead, and he confronted me with his eyes blazing with all the lurid flames that hell lends to hatred. Yet his voice seemed calm as he said—" Ah! Senor * Gringo, we have well met—you have doubtless been happy—now it is my turn—if I cannot have love I will at least enjoy revenge." Before I could speak he whistled softly, and in two seconds every bush became a man, and every shadow was an armed ruffian. I was fairly ambushed. Half a moment more and they were upon me, aud a brief but bitter struggle over, I lay prone upon the ground, the captive of a hundred cords. Pick up the English gentleman" said Orellano, in Spanish, withca sneering intonation on the last words. And I was lifted bodily up and carried to the house, up a flight of stairs, where a moment my bearers were detained. Senora, open your door !" cried the Spaniard, his voice echoing hollowly through the house. There was no reply. Presently there was ? muttered order and a crash, and I was -borne into that room which I had so lately quitted, flushed with the happiness of illicit love. I was thrown on the floor, then lifted on my feet, and stood face to face with my inamorata, who, happily for herself, appeared to be unconscious. I stood helpless, bound by my raw-hide thongs — speechless, also, for my jaws were cruelly gagged. Then, without another word, and at a sign from Orellano, another rope was produced, and those tender limbs, protected but by the lightest of deshabille, were cruelly bound to my rigid form. So tight were they drawn, that .luanna was restored partially to consciousness. She gave a scream which turned my heart to ice, and then, mercifully, unconsciousness supervened, and I remembered no more. # # * * By and by I awoke and found myself still bound to the helpless form of the woman I still loved passionately. All was pitchy darkness—inky darkness which might be felt. The gag was gone from my mouth, and, though I could not move my limbs, I felt her head hang heavily on my shoulder, while a liquid seemed to have been poured over us, and to have dried and clotted. I bent down to kiss the beloved mouth, which doubtless lay on my breast, and my lips encountered—horror of horrors—an open gaping wound ! * * # * Then, then, I knew that I was bound to a corpse, that the clotted liquid waB the blood of my darling, and, so far as I could see, I was buried alive with her rigid body for company. The horror of the thing overwhelmed me, and again I lost count of minutes, hours, and days, perhaps. When next I woke, a strange numbness, an icy cold assailed my lower limbs. The cold, like the clammy coils of a serpent, crept further and further upward, till I thought it the approach of death. I thanked God that death oame so soon—that I was not to die a maniac bound to a corpse. I looked down as though I would see the grisly terror which was to me a friendly guest, and bid him a hearty welcome. 0 downward I saw the light of day, and after a moment of stupefaction, recognised my own .dark reflection in the water, with ,that of the horrible Dead Love, that with throat agape, and swaying head still clung to my form, I looked up then to relieve my eyes of this scene of horror, and behold ! there was the blue eky far, far above! A ray of hope tame to the commingled with the rays of light—I would not die juris frightful death—the words of the archfiend Orellano came back to me—" If cannot have love I will at leatt enjoy revenge." - * * • *, Of the struggle to be free, why should I tell—suffice it, that I freed : myself at last after hours of struggle—and \- ,.. '.j, J., • .j J J = happily foetid in the bottom of theweU an eld windlass-handle buried in the water. Laying down the woman who had died for me tenderly and reverently, I dug hole after hole in the earthen walls till at last I stood on the surface a free, bnt oh ! how changed a man ! And the clock struck the hour of nine. A few short hotirs had done it all! The well was in a secluded part of Orellano's garden. I thought I could wait there the whole day—a year—if need be, till I knew Orellano would come back to see if he could gloat over his crime—to see if I were still alive perchance to taunt and mock me from the brink of that terrible well. Well, he should find me alive y though in different fashion to that which he had hoped for. Yes ! he should come alive, see me alive, but go back ? And so I remained for twelve long hoars while the sun mounted the tropic zenith and 6unk in the weBt, until again the clock .struck the hour of nine. And there I waited, hidden by the oleanders, and thence I sprung upon him, and choked the miserable life out of him with theBe two hands ! And he never resisted—he was paralysed by fear, for he tlftraght me a ghost—until it was toa late. There I let his carrion carcase lie, and went back to Caracas and hied me off to the coast as fast as possible. • * * * It was in England that I saw him again—that is not him, but his ghost. I saw him sauntering along just as he had come to the well on his last earthly excursion. On his face was the same smile of gratified vengeance, and he appeared not at first to notice me. Then he gazed on me, and came closer ; but when he saw that I was not greatly troubled, he looked perturbed itself. I had fought the wretch in life, and I believed I could master htm in death. Thereafter for months it followed me about. I was not sorry because since that night my brain had made many ghosts, and one extra didn't matter so much. At last, however, it got monotonous, for all the other spectres had vanished, and I ventured to treat the ghost of Orellano to a little of its own physic. Yes, I commenced to haunt the ghost, instead of allowing the Thing to haunt me. And so by night and by day, in all places and at all timeB I followed that unhappy ghost In vain my friends protested and pleaded, My mind was made up. I would keep on haunting that ghost till I drove it back to its native hell. Then there came these terrible pains in my head, and my friends advised me to come here. But, mind you, I don't like it, and if there were not these pains I would leave, for now Orellano has the advantage of me, and he comes to me at times, he and Juanna, and troops of others, who are utter strangers, too, and have no business to follow me about, Look!—there he comes, now—Bee the black mark on his throat, he—" " Ere. guvnor, that's enough. Ef you • don't give it best, I shall call the doctor. And as for you k sir," added the keeper, turning to me, who had listened to this narrative in anything but a happy mood, " you'd better come along o* me." I gladly complied, and on our way to rejoin the doctor I asked the warder, "Has that unfortunate gentleman ever been in America, and killed a man there, as he sayB ?" " Ameriky be blowed," was the polite rejoinder; : "Vs a London grocer, 'a is, and ain't bin .oat o* sound o 1 Bow Bells t ; ll 'e read hisself mad, and come 'ere. Bat 'e's a most amazin liard, sir, and gets ap a fresh yarn every day a'most." A fearful disturbance now absailed our ears, and, looking back, saw iny accopnplishei and romantic friend being pulled lit one direction by two stout keepers, while he struggled frantically to go in the opposite direction. He was still hauntfci£ '£be ghost of Orellano! * A Spanish tens appliad to foreigners. of insult—usually 