_SHORT_ STORF*Y. T11E LAC'1KJIORSE INN. \----++ - BY L. A. SAVORY. I was just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stedman. my father's distant cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn on the Sondis field turnpike. I was the eldest of six children, and with so many little mouths to fill it is no wonder that when Mr. Stedman wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist. ant, not ns a servant, my parents gladly con. sented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, and hadr the reputa. tion of niaking tie best pickles, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist in the sowing, keeping the accounts of the inn, and any other light labor which was required. My father accompanied me to B-- and saw me settled in the mall coach, which passed thlrough Sondisfleld twice a week. It was before the days of railroads, and it was auite dark when we drew up to the "Black Horse," where the passengers were to spend the night. The house was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondisfeld turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to War. chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good garden, a fine orcharl,asnd a large farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view for many a mile over the country. The B- mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown to Warchester changed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at the " Black Horse," for rest and refresh. ment. Mrs. Stedman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her head, un. covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con. firmed opium enter. I think she had the most severe countenance I ever saw, and one was careful of one's conduct before her. There was no gossip between tile men and the maids At the "Black Horse," and woo betidle the luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her .treaanre. I han hears her story before I came there. Ihe was early felt a widow, with a beautiful dnaughtor, whom she idolised; but the eon and heir of a rich man from a distant .city, who came to fish In the watersof the mill-dam, Ihad induced her to elope with him ; it was notsupposed thas he had married her. licr mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her dlaughter; it was said sha had returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoke of Clara Sted. man, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day whent she fled with her young lover. Mrs. ltedmtin was very kind to pe ; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should lave found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheer. less Novemberdays came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viaods for which the house was famous, and at other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, whicl had to be attended to every night. Mrs. Stedman's room was a large one up. ptlairs, in an L of the house i there was a flight of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining. room. This closet was a sort of butler's pantry in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wines and other commodities were. I often sat at the old secretary In Mrs, Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents; rare spices and drugs andt essences; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, andi a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. Thisewas a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. I suppose now It was arsenic, but I did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was beenuse I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. It was about the middle of November, The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at the "Black llorse " during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony, Mhrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted, We had fairly settled down for the Winters' quiet, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me look out upon the road, amt there I saw a gentlemen mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to the stable door, As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty- eight or forty. lIe had a good.natured look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same time there was, a good deal of determination about his well. shaped mouth. He walked in as if the place were familiar to him, and asked if Mrsm, Stedman were at home.nnd if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down stairs and received.the gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I had ever seen iher bestow upon any one. Judginglrom her 'assfiadnerhe was n entire stranger to her, : thought he glanced sharply at her,' at first, and then seemed satisfied; for he entered the parlor, which she opened forhlim, and in acareless way fluong himself down In an easy chair before the fire, to await dinner. Mrs. lStdmnn seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the best linen, silver and china, and went her. self into theo kitchen to superintend Patty whidle-s shelo cooked the meal, a thing she seldom did for anybodly. Sie sent me into the cellar for a bottle of the best wine it contained, and told me to pour it into the nicest et-glasnes decanter. I had an ides that she had dlscovercd the gentleman to be some great personage--the governor perhaps, travelling In disguise, and for that reason treated him with sieh respect. When the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. ftedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous Ilukle slu kept thiere. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room, As I have said before, there was a trap. door lending to the cellar, in the closetwhere the stairs leading to her room were. It was not directly stinder themn, and I supplose I was not gone so long as she expecteld, for as I came up with the pickle jar I saw her swiftly descend the stalrs withi tie sealed bottle con. taining the wlhite powder in her hands andl going to the table shook a little of it into the winieglas, and poliring some wine out of the decanter sle filled the glas and called oat to me--still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor dloor, anil say to thie gentle. man thit dinner was servetd. Then she quickly went pi to hier rliom again. I was soI, hlorrilied at whant I had seen tlhat, for a mluomeitC, I co1,1 no11llnove; then-nndl 1 shall never know vwhat Iimpelled e, cnlme. thing I could not help--l rushed t to the table, siczcd tihe wine idlas aunlt pitlched it and Its contents out of the windlow. As I did so I iheard a slight no!se near the parlor ldoor, andi there stoodul tihe gentlemani observlig uile. " And so that's her game, is It ?" he said, ,_alf to himsolf, -e StoodL silentlv for a lsiemell, ithen lie turned to me and said : ' I saw the whole of it, my cirl; go and ask lirs. Stedman to come here," I did as she bade me, and proeseitly she ameo. Her face was dea'lly pale, aod lier black eyes had an uncartlly brightliws. The gentleman drew a step or two nearer, and said : " You recognise me, I see, Mrs. Stednmnn." "Don't I " she answered, in a low voice. Tie gentleman laughed. " If I had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands of iher own mother." At these words I saw Mrs. Stednman change color. " Wire 1" she faltered. "Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my hbildren-your daughter Clara. Or course I married her; I hal no intention of doing otherwise. It wan done privately, to keep It from my father. If you had not been too etrsedly proud to open her letters, you would have know it long aro. Ily Oeoreo I you're not going to faintl" for Mls. Stedman sank down on the floor without a -ord. I screamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running In, and between us we aiaced her and placed her on the sofa hut presently she started up nnd wont to icr own room,' and we heard her lock the door. i '1slhisua has seen a ghost,' the kitchen maid sild. J The cookl hinted darkly at "spasms," but Mr. Livingitono and I looked at each other without a stord. "Well, I\euppoos I can have my dinner now," he said, at last. And I must say he ate it with a better ap petite than I should have supposed possible under the circumstances. Ilo even drank some of the wine, and praised Its line flavor. Toward sunset he rode away. leav'ng a noto for Mrs. Stedman. We c.!' went iliit our business, for work never slacked in tlhat house, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen ger; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from 'her until nearly noon the next day, whlen her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Her face was IIo white as her hair, nod lir handl shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with goll. "Alice," she said, " you are a good girl; take this, and to.niglt when the 11- coach starts, go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame i atanclhed to you." "I don't want money, Mrs. Sledman, but I will go home if you will let mie, and tell no one but my father and mother," 1 said. Site held out the purao and poilnted to the door, anld I left the room nld hastily packed my trunk i and when the coach was ready, got In and started for home. My parents were very mlch surprised when It set me down at the door, nnd they were still more astonishicd when I told my story, Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the "Bllck Hlorse Inn" ten y3lnr longer, when one morning she was found dead ini her bed. She never visited her daglhter,.but I have henrd that Clara anil her children passed a few weeks with her every sumianr. Mr. Livingston she neversaw again. Witcn ler will was read it was foundi that shb had :livided lier property in equal shares between her eliest grandson StedanlnLiviingston, and iyvsealf -"tn lanrgest suispension Iurl?ein tile worlit in the one between Now York city anit B$rooklyn ;l the lenigth of the muin eiain is iBtlr, feet, six Iuches ; thuontirumleaiith of.Lth bridge is 5980 feet. A lmedical journal anys : I"Thle nlplicas tion ou a bit of ice to the lobe uf tih ear will :toop hiccoughing." All a nius who is ae cusloeled to lilcuoglhing his t o. ol, then, in to carry a bit of let aboult Ji his waist coat pocket, and he can cure ilhimseulf iln stautly, The famous boating bnattegie with which Gibrilter was attacked In 1782 were thll scheume of D' AIrgon, i FreInch enogineer. 'ihere wore 10 of tLiuii, Anil tbigey resisted tile heaviest shells and 32.ipoujil d tahot, but ulti mately yielded to red-hot shot. Hero is a good word for tHle women. An Engllsh statistician has diseovered that mulr ried miil live longer nd l ivo better ivesa than bachelors. Amionllg every 1000 biach. lors there are :18 criminals ; uaionag married men the ratio ia only 18 per IU00, When (corga I. ascended to the throne, the aneestor of the )uke of Suthlerliond, wire only a poor Scottish lord, the nnucetor of the Marquis of Abergareiuny, wna a baron, and the ancester of the Dukuof Westminster wa: a Cheshire baronet, An example of dctenioritiontlinvalues i: shown lu th usalo of the Ureat Eaiosern for loss than £25,000. Thbuoriinalcost of the vessel was three quarters of a ?lnillion, but she was a gigantic faithre fromn the start. The building of this ship, howiever, was of value in demonstrating Alomt there .was a limit In steamships In the ilirdcitlon of size. She has been of use also in the laying of tihe Atlantic cables. Wlile those who invested their money In building this ship lost heavily in the venture, tlimy can consolb themselves with the fact thait their loss was not alto. gether In vain. ifeho last reportils that lian. num i trying tomegotiate for lts purchase, with a view of cotvcrting Itiunto a mammoth loatling show, 