CHAPTER XIII. THE AUTO-DA-EE, “ I wanted a word with you, doctor, said Arnold Derwent, waylaying Dr. Viret as he came downstairs from Ann’s room the fol lowing morning. “ Do you mind coming into the study. The fact is, I think I’ve got a clue.” “ H’m ! you haven’t been long about it,” ejaculated Dr. Viret, following him into the I “ I can say that for myself,” Arnold con tinned, “when once I'm on the job I precious soon knock it off. About this woman Lizzie saw in the village Monday night.” “ Lizzie iB a fool. If that is your plue, I don’t think it will help you much." “That’s where you’re wrong," Baid Arnold, aB Florence quietly joined them. “ At least, the wench may be a fool, prob ably is, but that doesn’t affect her eyesight. She saw somebody right enough. You know Fairford next door ?” *• No, I don’t know him,” was the reply. “Nobody knows the man. Perhipa he doesn't want to be known. Sensible 1” “ Father knew Mr Fairford,” Florence in terposed, looking down at the carpet. “Anyway, he was in here laBt night,” said Arnold. “ It is a fact that this woman was prowling about on Monday night. Now, why not the night of the fourth of March, too ? And if so, a hundred to one phe saw Uncle Roderick.” “ And yet held her tongue about it 1" ex claimed Dr. Viret incredulously. “Ex ; tremely unlikely ! Women are generally j ready enough to talk, Heaven knows.” “ Oh, yon make me tired ! Of courBe, lfyou sit npon every suggestion, it’s no use going on. I merely state a theory ; if it 'Ton J work, give it up and try another; only, at least, let it have a chance. You oan t deny there’s a good deal that’s fishy. I’ll swear the woman is connected witu Fairford—most likely his wife.” “What do you mean?” Dr, Viret de manded. “ What makes you say that ? “ She muBt live somewhere. Fairford iB supDOBed to have the house next door to himself—rot! Now, why has he never even hinted at her existence, doctor ?" “Surely,” said Florence, “Mr Fairford may have excellent reasons for keeping his own counsel, whioh don’t concern us.” “ Oh, no doubt he has the best of rea sons !” Arnold retorted. “ She never appears by day—a regular night bird. You can’t deny that it looks suspicious, doctor. Dr. Viret hesitated, and looked extremely judicial for a few moments. “If there is such a person in existence,” he admitted, “no doubt it does look strange. But is there ? You have only this silly woman's testimony ; and even if that is to be depended upon, how do you know that she is connected with Fairford ?’’ ‘ ‘ Because he gave himself away so beauti fully. Unmistakable. Florence saw it too. She began to tell ub about Lizzie’s fright, aud the man was like a ghost. Oh, there’s no doubt he knows just all about her.” “Well then, granting all that,” said Dr. Viret, “ it does not follow that she can tell you anything about Mr Derwent. If so, of course she would have Bpoken long before now; and the idea of her being actually connected with the crime is absurd—she would have no earthly motive.” Arnold thrust his hands deep in his trourers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret’s face somewhat pertly. “ Have you never heard of a murder without a motive ?” he aBked. “Oh, Arnold!’ cried Florence. “You can’t think she-” “Look here, Floy,” said Arnold. “I have told you already, I’m only trying to start a working theory. You’ve heard of homicidal mania, doctor, I suppose ? Imagine this woman is a lunatic.” “ I should have to imagine she was kept under proper control as well, Mr Derwent.” “She ought to be—granted. It doesn’t follow she is. Suppose she’s Fairford’s wife and a luny ! In order to avoid putting her away, he hides her. She is liable to peri odical attacks of mania. You must have come across hosts of such cases. This par ticular night—the night of Uncle Roderick’s disappearance—she runs mad at the wrong “ Absurd ! impossible !” exclaimed Dr. Viret. “I never heard anything more ridiculous in all my life, never. Such a woman would leave the body where it lay.” He glanced anxiously at Florence’s pale face as he ceased speaking- And she, despite the improbability of his theory, could not prevent it from tormenting her. Her poor father ! and poor Owen also ! It might be true, and he ignorant; or it might be ridiculously untrue, as Dr Viret avowed. Arnold’s dogmatic, eager manner lent the Huege-tion a kind of plausibility, and, -ave Inspector Holt’s, no other theory had been propounded. “ No, no, not so fast,” said Arnold. “ Some of these lunies are devilish cunning. If she is not wrong in her mind, how do you account for her way of living—for all this confounded mystery ? If she is not mad, what is she ?’’ After Dr Viret had expressed bis dissent with increased force and gone baok to his laboratory, Arnold still continued the dis cussion, and though Florence presently left him to seek Ann, she was compelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the .rginnent restated. “ You know,” he said, afrer dinner that evening, “ I’m working for you quite as much as myself. Come to that, I don’t want to injure the woman or your friend Fairford .either. They may both be as innocent as I am, and that’s just what I want to find out.” “ But how, Arnold ? what can you do ?” “That’s a matter for consideration,” he replied. “I’ll have a nipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain : I can’t touch a penny of Uncle Roderick’s money till I prove his death. But I shan’t stop there, Floy. This old place wouldn't be habitable without you. You haven’t for gotton the good old times. They were good times. I often thought of them when I was away.” “ AtTeneriffe, Arnold ?” “ Ah !" he cried, with a pleasant laugh, “one to you, that! You may not believe it, but I often think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day I bagged the pheasant’s eggs, and they broke in my pocket?” The truth about me is just thiB, Floy : if you stick to me, I can keep straight; but if you don’t— well, I shall go to the deuce headlong. I’m just imperfect without you, and with “You are perfect, Arnold ?’’ she suggested, with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. " At all events, I m as good as most Johnnies,” he retorted. “ I mav not be able to write poetry, like Uncle Roderick, I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last season I played, and I can fight—there, I don’t want to brag ; and whatever I am, your word is law, and you can twist me round your little finger, Floy.” He had, at least, furnished her with food for reflection. Had she really so much in fluence over him? and, if so, could it be turned to a useful purpose, to induce him to relinquish his idea of attempting to probe Owen's secret ? For of this she feltcertaiu : nothing could result but disaster, of what nature she dreaded to imagine. Her own curiosity had become extreme, her curiosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest Prospect was Owen’s wife. About the hour when Florence retired to A nn’s room for the night, Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the baok window of his bedroom admiring the moon, low down over the trees tops. The house had been in darkness some time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not the person in whom he felt so deep an interest would set forth ' Though he had followed her on every occasion but one, when he had seen her quit the house, and was not far off on the occasion of Lizzie's fright, having indeed just succeeded in hiding himself in time to avoid detection, he had never dis covered any purpose in her peregrinations. She went out, usually taking the same direction, and came home again; &md;, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wiser. He stood at bis win dow, Btaring at the sinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he dis tinguished a patch of flickering light thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite black. What did. that light signify ? Well, it seemed to point to the fact that some one was in the kitchen, apprently making up a blazing fire there. How could Joe obtain a view of this apartment he was so familiar with ? After a few minutes’ reflection, he formed his plans, and, taking one or two useful imple ments, set forth to carry them out. At the side of the honse was the window, that of ths scullery, and before it a kind of sunk area. Into this Joe descended, but not only was the window Bhut, itB green cotton blind was drawn down. Otherwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitchen, there being a door between it and the scullery, which was seldom closed. But he dared not open' ths window, lest Owen should hear. Taking a chisel from his pocket, he passed it deftly round the pane, cutting deep into the putty on three sides, and holding it in position with his extended fingers whilst he loosened the fourth. He next removed the pane of glass, laying it carefully upon the edge of the area, and, putting his chisel away, took out a razor. Whilst he pressed its keen edge agajnBt the blind he held his breath. The noise of the incision might attract attention ; Owen might even be looking his way at the moment the blade penetrated. For that is was Owen in the kitchen he fell no doubt whatever. The sound of flames reached Joe’s ears; what were they intended to destroy? One out downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a nap wai formed, whioh no lost no time in drawing back. His right eye immediately sought the hole. He oould command a full view of one half the kitchen. Watching the flames. Owen stood, his arms flolded, his face lighted by the fire, wearing an expression of loathing and disgust. After disappearing a moment, ho re entered Joe’s field of vision, carrying a large brown paper parcel, which he flung into the grate, afterwards pressing it down with the tongs. Again he disappeared, this time returning with a bottle ; uncorking it, he emptied the contents upon the fire, start ing back alertly as the flames burst forth with renewed vigor. Owen’s profile stood out distinct and clear as he sat upon one corner of the plain deal table, his arniB folded, his lips firmly set. until the flames grew smaller and the shadows danced more weirdly on the ceiling ! and walls, and at laBt they grew dim, and died out altogether. Then Owen left the kitohen, and Joe quickly opened the window and entered it. But though he lighted a candle and raked over the ashes, he could discover nothing to afford a clue to their origin. It was an hour later when he made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not'before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, and cantiously setting his foot upon it. PerhapB Mrs Cawdrey would imagine that it had fallen out; at all events, with all her watch fulness, she would scarcely suspect Joe of its removal. 