PEDLAR'S PACK. [BY AUTOLYCUS.] A CALM before the storm prevailed in politics last week. There are, how- ever, distant ramblings of thunder in the atmosphere of the Legislative Council; and Jupiter Pigott is forging the bolt which is to blast the pre- sumptuous Premier who dared to sacrilegiously impugn the character of the Upper Chamber gods during his recent campaign in King division. The land and income taxes, too, will again be before the Assembly this week; and as it now seems to be practically certain that the exemptions will be sent up to to Council in the same form as last session, that House will have another grievance. Then the Attorney-General (Mr. Want) is going to add the last straw by introducing the bill to reform the Upper House in that Chamber; so we may expect plenty of fun with the "old fossils" presently. The pity of it is that the mischievious powers con- ferred on them by a British-drawn constitution make the fun a very serious thing for the colony; and a majority of these obstinate if highly respectable old gentlemen have it in their power to stop for the time being farther progress or reform, and to set at naught the decision of the country just after it has been obtained (in the only way provided for under the con- stitution) at great expense and inconvenience. The attitude of the "old fossils'' is not at all surprising when one comes to consider the matter philosophically; though I am afraid that it would require the philosophy of a Stoic to endure it with anything like patience. I was reading the other day in an English periodical an article by that clever lady Mrs. Lynn Linton; and, strangely enough, the article was headed "Fossils." Though it had no reference whatever to fossils of the political order, the following passage in it struck me as of such pregnant application to the specimens in our Legislative Council that I cannot refrain from quoting it:—"The central principle of the fossil is that the order which was in force in the days of his youth is, or ought to be, for ever the role of right; that the future, like the present, ought to be the faithful repro- duction of the past." This exactly sums up the doctrine of our Legislative Councillors, and indeed of all Conser- vatives who act up to the creed which the name implies. Whatever change is made has to be forced upon them by repeated pressure, and is more often adopted from fear of the consequences of a refusal than conviction. The wonder is that, considering the authority which age has always exercised in the councils of nations, the world has made any progress at all. But then age is not always the distinctive mark of a fossil. Sir George Grey is still a living example to the contrary. The Butler case has been attracting great attention in Sydney, especially the more recent developments which have resulted in the prosecution of the solicitor Rofe and the exhumation of Copp's body. It seems to me, how- ever, that there is one matter in connection with this case which has not received as much attention as it ought to have done from either the public or the Government; and that is the continued detention of Johnson, the unfortunate brother of Mrs. Butler, who, at the instance of Mr. Justice Windeyer, was prosecuted for perjury (because of certain evidence given on his sister's behalf) in the Butler divorce case. The recent verdict of a jury, which convicted Butler and others of conspiracy and fully exonerated Mrs. Butler, pre- sumably established the innocence of her brother. In fact, there is now no moral doubt that he is innocent. Yet he has to await the completion of reports and other formalities before he can regain that freedom of which he was unjustly deprived; and when at last the prison doors are opened for him he will have no redress against either the Crown, Mr. Justice Windeyer, or the jury that convicted him. If all these formalities are really necessary before Johnson can be released, they should have been expedited even if the Executive and the departments had to work night and day to complete them. It is nothing short of a public scandal that an innocent man should remain in gaol even one hour after his innocence is known. We in this colony have not been slow to throw the stone at Queensland as the "black" portion of Australia, and have at times even gone so far as to insist that she should not be admitted into the future Australian federation unless she gives up her reprehensible propensity for the colored races. And yet it appears that we have had all the while in the north-eastern part of this colony a nice little plague-spot of our own in which a community of kanakas and Asiatics is gradually being formed. Doubtless it was the proximity and example of Queensland which cor- rupted the Tweed sugar planters; but at the same time it will not do for us to put on airs of superior virtue and preach to our naughty neighbor, Queensland, while we tolerate this kind of thing within our own boundaries. Mr. Reid has promised to give consideration to this colored labor question, which has hitherto escaped legislative attention chiefly because of its supposed insig- nificance in this colony. The return compiled by the Murwil- limbah police, however, shows that the evil is easily capable of attaining for- midable dimensions, and it should be an incentive to early legislative action. A strong plea in favor of continuing protection to the sugar industries in the northern part of this colony on the ground that they afford a large amount of employment has frequently been put forward in Parliament; but such a plea should not be entertained for a moment unless they consent to employ white labor only. The "Tantanoola tiger," which has supplied country journalists with so much food for sensational paragraphs, has at last been proved to be merely a wolf. The whole affair may possibly afford some philosophic writer of the future material for an instructive chapter on the growth of myths, and will at once suggest to the inductive reasoner an explanation of the manner in which many of the most extraordi- nary and cherished beliefs of mankind have arisen. It is also a salutary warning as to the liability of all human testimony to error and exag- geration; and, in view of the recent developments in the Butler and Dean cases, it should make magistrates, judges, and juries more careful than ever in attaching absolute credence to the evidence of even the most reliable witnesses. It should also greatly dis- count stories of ghosts and so-called spiritual phenomena. When the evi- dence of men's eyesight cannot be relied on in clear daylight in a matter of this kind, it surely is not to be expected that their statements as to what they imagine they have seen in the dark or in a dim light should be accepted without question. Japan invaded China successfully, but she is now herself subjected to the invasion of an enemy more dread and destructive than any that fights with merely mortal weapons. This grim foe is cholera, and it has already caused more mortality amongst the people of Japan than was occasioned in the ranks of her soldiers by the Chinese foe. In fact, during the war with China the army suffered greater losses from disease than from the weapons of the Chinese; and this outbreak of cholera is no doubt a direct conse- quence of the war. This goes to prove that even a successful war is generally a great calamity to a nation. Japan gets a good many millions from China in the shape of a war indemnity; but she will probably pay dearly for them in the shape of millions of lives. But life is cheap in the overcrowded East, and the progress of civilisation in Japan has not yet attached that sacredness to it which is a mark of the higher civilisation. Wonderful bargains at the sale at H. H. Hart's.† Two men have been arrested in Adelaide charged with issuing forged cheques. So far as known they have victimised five tradespeople, mostly grocers, presenting cheques for £5 10s. or £5 15s., buying a few articles, and getting cash for the balance. Amongst the people thus victimised was Mr. G. J. Morgan, formerly of the Hill, now carrying on business as a grocer at Childers-street, North Adelaide. The men give what are believed to be false names. H. H. Hart does the biggest at trade in town; come and see.† 