PEOPILB SAX— { That Keid thinks Partes is "a brilliant ratcatcher." And, with apologies to Browning's, ghost, our pact warbles: — Elite! A feiar Creetmue dts;s turned iato nits ToruK with protectionists; such r. pact t& r ou!d sicken all Kel£-res;>.'~tii}£ c;*.ts. And just to follow behind the li.ick O£ a piper pied, whnsu name 15 Piirkes, A politics! piiKjr T?hr? fill wjivs, like !iin? oh' llraii?lin ia olA;:l days ;? TiThnothosK! vthofollepJ-lilK! look for larkw, Eat Sad at Inst, witb ? cold, cold shiver, Tiwy aro dnuvned itx politics' airty river. Thst a very distinguished gentleman otves Lsis grocer £1509. That Holy .Adelaide wo aid rather mot have 3 holy Governor. That tho Deepwater Miner iimls the local bridge too narrow. Ahem ! That if Pnrkcs should succeed iii his Tote of censure, Dibbs would be appointed Agent-General. That when Parkes and Dibbs aro re-united we may hope for the re-union of Christendom. That OX-M.P. Hughcy Taylor hopes to bs member for Parmmatta in three months. Ho will bo disappointed. That Parkes has surprised Car ruthcrs. TIIOII Carruthers is easily ; surprised, or is joking. ] That Brown, M.F., has at last j declared himself a protectionist, lie' has been one m disguise many years. That Parkes aud Wise, M.P., have besn conferring. Bounders and JL'lounders. That the cleverest lady in Sydney, Miss Badhatu, iy opposed to female suffrage. That Judge Windeyer talks too much when on the heneh- Tlni3 is a good lawyer spoiled. That Lyne, Price and Willis, M*s. P.. are not going to be protectionist rat?;. They prefer being cats. That they play football in Charter's Towers (Q.) on Sundays. Orn ci lahont. That tho Local Government Bill is the last "abandoned infant" in Sydney. That Parkes will have a slim chance of being returned should there be a general election soon. That Tho O'Sullivan, M.P., and " Tommy" rhviug, M. P., see portfolios: ; as well as federation in the air. ; That a new party has been formed j in Parliament. Its members are the j Coalition Conspirators. j That tho Sydney Sunday papers j favour a tea" duty. ; it j would not affect them. j That tho giraffe has a tongue IS j inches long. Ncnrly as long as that ] of :i female fraiichist. ! That 3 bank manager at Orange has j a big dog. 2fothal£so nice as when i _ .-? , ai _ . _. I a big dog lias a hank manager. That the Quirindi Gazette thinks Miss Brrddon is prolific. Thissounds queer somehow. That the Gleu Innes Gnordiaa is discussing the laws of snoring. As a product of its perusal, doubtless. That Crick, M.t'., will be Attorney- General ia the next Parkes Ministry. Which means, that he mill never be Attorney-General. That "the only American who has danced with the"Queen is dead. Dibbs: is fortunately not superstitious, or this might frighten him. That Parkes compares himself with Gladstone. Way not? .Sehey, M.P., compares himself with Oliver Crom well. That Lyne, 11.1., hoped to be protectionist leader. But recent developments will leave him no party to lead. That board and lodging aro obtain able in Sydney for Ss a week. A good deal of the Sydney board and lodging would be dear at os a week. That Bibbs proposes to put reporters to work on a treadmilL Well, even that would bo a relief from having to report his speeches. That a head has been found on the St. Kilda Beach, Melbourne. It should be sent to Tentarneid, where the- local papers want one badly. That a Literary Union has been forsned in Inverell. It has decided that: the local papers ;<re wrong in spelling " physic" with au " i". * Thai Copeland, M.tVs, account of his New Caledonian trip is: duller reading th.tn one o£ his speeches, and that is saying a good deal. That tho Muswclibrook papers have Been roc busy over tho show to abuse each other. Xext week business will be resumed and carried on as usual. That the Scone Advocate is looking for the "ideal man." Tlie editor of the Anaidale Experts thmk3 he tills | the bill. That Gillies, M.P., tuejus to save the country again hy votiisg against the Government. His fiscal views are as variegated as the mouse that was lately caught in Maitiand. That a rat has been caught in the office of the Wallsend paper- Possibly it Itad escaped from Parliament House, and come up by rail on a member's pass. . That the Htar anticipates an Opposition victory. .Tust like the Chinese when they were lighting the Japs—their predictions did not come off. That Parses denies that he is join ing the protectionists. No i ihey aro only furnishing him with a neiv political tail, of which he stands sadly in need. That the present Ministry is the mo*t sober that has ever held oi'iee iv New South Wales. Many previous Ministries have had at leiwt .mc ?' frightful example." That there has been another burglary in Tamworth. A man tried to steal ideas from the 2Tcwx but could not iind any, so he broke into a black smith's shop and stole an anvil. That the Murrurundi Xr'?i?-* breathes freely again, now that the liusso- J'apaiiese trouble is over. There i*. no objection to the Times breathing Jxi-eiy, if it would not; eat onions. 