t PS M0NIT OB fOH Lome ' NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. jli;. J"-— By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R N., .AUTHOR OF " THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE,", "THE MYSTERY OF A MIL. LION AIRE'S GRAVE," "THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT DUNTHEIM," ; A THOUSAND MILES IN, A CARAVAN;1! :&c.;, Ac. it Hwwl>n.'»Jtv ; . . ' ( ; \--'Vr: "/.' ALL RltiHTS BE SERVED. .' , CHAPTER XX . —(Continued. ) ' » Ella could . not help amihng afc the strangeness. of Bob's expression, but it was with' something akin to chagrin that she - replied, " Brother Bob, has Tom got so.-shy all at or.ee that he can't do his own wooing, out. nas 10 eniploy a substitute 1" . " Tom is going to sea soon," con tinued Iob, not heeding the question, and he tnay never return:" " He has not told me." He doesn't care to come where the fiarl is;" ;. . " ; "0h, Bob; this is jolly. Again I hist you whv be doss not come him- . self." , ; . . . " Sister -Ella, Tom did not send me. I wish to see . you both happy. In deed, I do.. I love you both so. .But caD I see Tom breaking his heart, can I see - Tom's heart being trampled on." "I do not understand- you.?''; " Then Bob took lier' hapd and looked into her face. . / " Ella,"' lie said, 'iT was sitting here screened from - view yesterday when your boat went floating- by. I was not spying. I'd scorn to , spy as .God who clothed , tliose .trees 'can testify. But the Earl salt with you, sat very near you, sister, talked low as lovers talk. : You called him S brother, he called you sister, but that <3,n- the Earl's part. was but an excuse. Had my brother .seen you as I saw HHLyou, hh?d ne'er ' liavo .seen you Bfagain. Sifts. :' He would have gone witit'his trouble and his have taken him sorrow myself, BHHBHBHH|prking that oil', to |MpMBWroaiffob"inai|BBBB " : Bob heeded her was a fough doctor, I fear. '.' Had you been lass of mine, Ella, (ind I'd seen a lad like the Earl sitting Bo. close to you, looking as be looked, talking as he talked, by the Lord, who sees us both, .Ella " — hereBob clench"""3, his fist and. knit his brows — " I'd have put him clean out of his boat bad he Jbeen a prince itself. And may heaven pardon my thought." . "Bob," said Ella, calmly, "I can forgive you much, for. you are Tom's brother, and you Bpeak from purely disinterested motives, and out of your .great love for that brother. I can forgive you for your unjust suspicions, but I will peimit no middleman to come between me and my lover, not even you Bob, much though I . respect and like you. Now/brother, will you row me home?" Three days passed by and Ella saw toothing of either Bob or Tom. The truth is, Tom - had gono to Liverpool. As for Bob, bis diplomacy so far had failed, but so certain' in his own mind did.be. feel that Ella would jilt his ' brother for the sake of marrying the pri, unless be brought matters to a : speedy crisis, that he determined, now to fire his last shot. - And this was a foolish one. He argued, thus..: . that he knew . women well, and that he felt certain, that,, if placed in a coi'ner,. as he phrased it, Ella would consent to immediate .marriage with Tom, and he (Bob) would be the means of bringing matters to a happy and successful conclusion. O, silly, meddlesome Bob 1 But he considered he had gone too far now.' to retreat, though little did he suspect the mischief he was about, tp work, .'or sooner far than interfere with these lovers twain, who had so. much faith in each other, lie, would have thrown himself into the darkest pool of the river. Bob then forced an interview on his lordsliip. Folly and simplicity could have gone . no further. He found his lordship fishing, alone by the riverside, a sport of which he. was inordinately fond. . Something in the earl's quiet, gentlemanly manner quite unnerved poor Bob from the very commencement. He heard all Bob'3 pleadings without saying, a word, then 'he put the question : " Did your brother send you on this hair- brained mission ?" ' . " He did not." " I was sure of it, He is . a man of the world, and has more sense. You, on the contrary — you will readily pardon my. candour, I feel sure— are a : simple- minded, but very silly fellow. Good afternoon." ., V - Next day Tom received a long letter from his brother. . All I can say for it is this : it, was meant to .do . good, but fell fearfuiiy short' oiE' the' mark. "' Bob was a bad letter writer at the best. He told all he had d one, but done in vain j he prayed Tom to forgive him if he had done wrong, but added that' he could not see his dear and only brother fooled without lifting hand or tongue to defend him. ' ; . Had Bob said something more, had he represented the amount of love and affection Ella had evinced at the inter view1, in woid and in look, all would have been well, but he did not, or could Rot, perhaps. And so at last the demon jealousy took possession of the sailor lad, and in the heat of the moment, disregarding Bob's earnest advice, to come down at once and compel Ella to name the wedding day, he sat down and wrote to his love. Something seempd to inspire him as he wrote and dictate words and language to him that lie could not have believed himself master of. The devil sometimes holds one's pen. However, he ended by releasing Ella from an engagement which ho said was evi dently irksome to her. He should never forget her, ,o£ that she might be assured, and by night and by day he should pray that every good, thing might attend her. When poor Ella received that ter rible letter she was for a time like one demented. " Child, your duty is plain." That was all her aunt said. ?fes, her duty was plain. She went to her desk and took therofrom a batch of letters tied with a blue ribbon and a sailor's knot, also a loeket that contained a lock of dark hair and a broken ring. She was very pale as she laid them on her aunt's lap. " Do what is right," she said, then staggered to the inner room, and threw herself on the bed. " Oh, silly, simple Bob 1 Two broken hearts, that never again might be divided, two Bundered, anguished souls that naught on earth might com fort. How sad it all wbb 1" CHAPTER XXI. I— Will—Die— and— Make No Sign. Nothing could exceed the kindness and the thoughtfulnesa of the young 'll1 n m1 aC 11 a«m T? 1 1 « 1 #1 nn«A /1 1 r» 4 Aflfl iJUiil VIA VJIUY U> ill JJMU 9 DUIO UlOVIVOCi Distress and illness combined, for it was long weary weeks ere the dpepor- who- attended her permitted her to stir from the room. Grief has a strange deadening effect .'on' some natures and systems. It seemed . to change Ella's brain to lead. She was almost as incapable of thought as she was of action. She would lie on the couch silent and motionless for hours, scarcely speaking even if spoken to. Never a day passed that Clova did not call. At first he refused point- blank to enter .the room. He knew,, too well; he said, :tho sacred , nature of . a sorrbw like hers, but the. 'flowers he' i left. 'might please her,' the fruit help 'to i restore her. But at last ho yielded to Lady .Brewer's entreaties and went quietly in, ' and seating himself by the couch, took Ella's white -little hand in " bis. - Be was rewarded by a smile,' though a languid one. He ; stayed but a short time,, but.he came in daily now. Sometimes he. brought books and read- to her. She would not permit him to read a story, nor verses, nor, strange to r, say, -re- ligious books — " Alas," she murmured, " my sorrow . is all before me on this earth. I havo to brave ,-it and bear it." But she smiled when he commenced to . read to her tales of travel and descriptions of far-off sunny lands. She. would close her eyes as he read on and on, though it was evident she was not asleep. One day when-alone with her aunt she had a fit of such convulsive weep ing as Lady Brewer had never seen before. ; But from that very hour she began to mend. When he next came the doctor nodded pleasantly and said, " She will do ; all she needs how is change." ; Then the earl remembered he had a vnnht. and a verv; pood one too. auite as large as .the Sunbeam, He. willingly placed it at. the disposal of Ella and her aunt. "And," he added, when she had thanked him, " there is a question I should like to ask." "Do by all means,'- said Lady Brewer. Something of1 his old baslifulness stole over lam. "Might I .dare to hope," he said, as : he shot a shy boyish look at Ella, "that I might be allowed to accompany you on your voyage ?'' It was Ella who answered. 1 "Fred,., dear)" she "said, -we V, would hot 'think ' or dreani' of sailihg 'without you;" So it. was all arranged. The yacht lay down at Oowes, she needed some ; refitting j it might take a fortnight or more to get her ready. The doctor hesitated to tell the Earl that next to foreign ; travel the air of the Isle of Wight would do his patient more good than anything else. Then his lordship was as happy as a schoolboy when holidays come. So busily-engaged in both mind and body had Lady Brewer been for many weeks back that she had no time and . little inclination to thin it out the sad details of h'er uncle's murder. . Of one thing, however, she felt convinced, namely, that Tom Brewer, the quon dam tramp, was the guilty man and. no other, and it was for Ella's sake she prayed he might be dead. . But just a day or . two before her intended departure for the island something occurred that brought her face to face with the past onde:;again. Maid Marion- "announced jit. visitor, and next minute,, without . waiting to be asked, lie stepped lnto'tho. drawing- room. . His hair was very "dark, and his bushy beard,' but lines across his brow told of either age or care. He glanced for a moment at Ella. " I would speak with you alone, madam, for a few moments." "T do.not know who you are," said Lady Brewer, "but I have no secret from my niece." .-, "Lady, my business is with you alone." As soon <ts Ella had glided from the . room, the stranger advanced a few- steps. "You are Mrs. Lee " She bowed. " That is an alias, jrou' are'really L'sdyi Brewer— and I— — " he removed . a beaver and wig- . " Stranson!1' she gasped. " Speak1 —quick, for the child's sake. "What brought you here, man ?" '"Dear Lady Brewer, pray calm yourself, you have nothing to fear from, me— at present. I have known of your whereabouts for many, many years. I have not been entirely idle, as you will learn by and bye, but I' have taken no aggressive step." "Yes," he continued, "I havo known for a long time that you were alive and well. I did not communi cate the interesting fact to your hus band, however. Ha, ha " it was a kind of devil'B laugh, and came ap parently from the bottom of his chest. " I do not love your husband . over much. By the way, he saw . your ghost not long ago. You change colour, my lady. Well, you see how very well I am posted. It may interest you to know that he is soon to be married again I (TO BE CONTINUES. ) 