With thé Miner. o It will be a strange thing, but one which seems quite within the bounds of possibility, if Perth and its neighbourhood should have to be declared a ' field,' with all the curious legal circumstances which would follow. When we read, however, on scientific authority, that good battery stone, by the million square yards, exists, which holds from several pennyweights to an ounce or two of the precious metal to the ton, it is not a very far cry to the time when stampers will be thumping all along the heights. There will be 110 fuel or water difficulty to contend with, and therefore the nimble pennyweights may be found to be more profitable than the slower six or seven ounces we are used to. Mr. Begelhole, so it appears, has at length decided to go for Mr. Jerome Klapta Jerome on account of certain critical statements made by the latter in his bright and well-informed little paper, To-Day. Personally, I don't think Mr. Begelhole has the ghost of a chance to pet satisfaction out of To-Day. Most of the articles complained of were simply reprinted records of Mr. Begelhole's experiences as a mining expert, in India, and were nothing that the gentleman most concerned could be over proud of. For the rest it is notorious that Mr. Begelhole's reports on Coolgardie mining properties offered for sale in London have been calculated to do anything except heighten the confidence of the British Public in West Australian affairs. I repeat what has been said in this column before, Mr. Begelhole could not sell a sovereign for nineteen shillings in the City to-day. Chief Justice Onslow has delivered himself of the opinion (in the case of Regina v. Gilchrist) that there was110 real evidence to go to the jury. Gilchrist, it will be remembered was the mining expert who was sentenced by Mr. Maitland Brown of Geraldton to three years penal servitude for a purely imaginary offence. It Will be noticed that though the Fall Court admits Gilchrist has been wronged (terribly wronged most men will consider) no remark is made on the magisterial incapacity exhibited by Mr. Maitland Brown. It is evident that Justice is quite as blind as she is generally supposed to be. __ Mr. A. F. Calvert, who through the medium of his West Australian Review, has done more during the last two years to advance the interests of this colony in England than the Agents-General of the past decade, was recently tendered a banquet at the Imperial Institute by the majority of prominent Colonial residents in London. Sir Malcolm Fraser was in the chair and the menu and wines were of the highest order. After eulogisjng Mr. Calvert in the highest degree, Sir Malcolm proposed the health of the evening's guest and requested his acceptance of a magnificent service of silver plate, included b a tea and coffee service, six swan shaped flower vases and a large salver on which was inscribed the following:— "Presented to Albert Frederick Calvert at a Banquet held on 4th June, 1895, at the Imperial Institute, by friends in the United Kingdom in recognition of his valuable and practical services towards the development and advancement of the Colony of Western Australia during the past five years." Mr. Calvert suitably replied, mentioning the great work accomplished jointly by Sir Wm. Robinson and Sir John Forrest since the inauguration of Responsible Government. Careful readers of the Bulletin's Wild Cat column will have noticed recently that it has grown far less sceptical about Coolgardie and surrounding properties. After vilifying the Londonderry uphill and down dale it has now turned round and talks the other way. Bayley's Reward is now about the only thing in which the Bulletin refuses to see any good, always excepting its perennial betesnoires, Women and Parsons. Faulding's Insect Powder 