ACADEMY OF MUSIC, "Jane Shore" was reproduced by Mrs G. 13. W. Lewis and her capable dramatic company at the Academy of Music last evening, and was apparently thoroughly enjoyed by all present. The play is a strong one, and the company appear to decided advantage in it. This evening Mrs Lewis is to appear in the title role of Shakespeare's "Hamlet," and curiosity has naturally been aroused as to how she will enact the melancholy Dane. " There are, "remarks the South Australian Register of a recent date," anatomical, logical, and vocal difficulties about a ' Hamlet' of the femi nine persuasion, but Mrs Lewis rather surprised the house by overcoming some of the obstacles in the way of a successful impersonation and presenting the character of the melancholy young Dane in credit. able light. Mrs rewis gave an excellent 'reading' of Hamlet. She was text perfect, and she showed to greater advan tage in the stormy interview with Queen Gertrude than she did in the earlier scenes. The house thoroughly appreciated her elocution and revelled in her fencing in the last tragic scene. She handled the foils as skilfully as Mrs Brough does the Indian clubs. . . . . Mrs Lewis ie un doubtedly a clever actress-a wonderful woman. The Laertes of Mr Clement Wake field was a tall, well-knit, graceful, manly fellow, and the Horatio of Mr Truebridge was in keeping. Mr Appleton made a stalwart, substantial, kindly ghost, and Mr Esmeiton wore the gorgeous garments of the king with a full sense of his regal dignity. Miss Frances Grahame started rather feebly as Ophelia, but rose to the occasion in the mad scene, somewhat to the surpri, e of the house. Miss Bryce, as Queen Ger trude, looked like Rebecca in " Ivanhoe " or the Maid of Saragossa; there was a sort of Ociental air about her. She underwent the strain of the scene with Hamlet by no means badly. There was no mistaking the temper of the appreciative house, Mrs Lewis was frequently applauded, and the curtain had to be raised after every act to enable her to bow her acknowledgments." 