A Woman Journalist and Story writer. INTERVIEW WITH "A VICTORIAN GIRL." By "La Quenouille." For some years past I have been much interested in and a warm admirer of the work—so much of it as chanced to come my way—of the vivacious but none the less observant and thoughtful writer known to me for a long while merely as (her pen-name in the Press) "A Victorian Girl." The earliest sketches I had seen of hers appeared in the Melbourne " Argus," and had to do with Japanese social life, in Its cherry blossom aspects, as a girl's articles ought—natural, vivid, and exhalant of the "delight of life." At a later date came a number of Samoan studies, of which two stories of native life and legend made more particularly an abiding impression on my mind as things one would always be the better for having read and as indicative of a certain progress on the part of ti.e writer in the development of sympathy and power. Quite recently, again, whilst I was spending a week or two In Mel bourne, people were talking, I found, of some articles which the much-tra velled " Girl" had been sending from London to her lucky paper. Of these one was specially commended to me as the sort of thing that, coming as I did from Queensland, I could not fail to enjoy—" All about the meat market*, don't you know. ' What shall we have for breakfast ?' " Whereupon I decided that what I should most like to have for breakfast would be Miss Floreno* Blair, If only she was to be had. For though Miss Shaw, of the "Times," when in Brisbane bad, it was under stood, " seen the whole thing through" at the Graziers' meat- freezery, that ac complished woman had not begun by taking one captive with affecting tales of the South Pacific, and one felt no shock of Incongruity. With regard to Miss Blair it was quite another story. " What can she know about beef !" 1 exclaimed, mindful of her Samoan ro mances. "A good deal, apparently," was the reply. " But she is here herself now, and she might be able to tell you any thing you wished to know." So I wrote to Miss Blair and begged leave to call, which was granted me In a courteous and friendly letter. Miss Florence Blair is one of the four daughters of the veteran Journalist aud litterateur. Mr. David Blair, of Mel bourne. One of her sisters is married, and resides in London. Another, Miss Blair, whom I bad the pleasure of meet ing during my visit, and Miss Lilian Blair, the youngest of the group, who waa out of town, are the other members of the family circle at Oyame, a pretty villa in Sutherland-road, Armadale. On my arrival Miss Florence Blair herself welcomed me first of all, said some kind things about one or two of our Queens land women writers—Mrs. Canipbe.l- Praed for one—gave me delicious tea and bread-and-butter, showed me all the many interesting trophies of oversea travel which have found haven In the Oyame drawing-room, and made me free of her literary experiences and her reminiscences of travel. Miss Florence Blair herself, she told me frankly, is after all not the " Victo rian Girl." That is to say, she is not the whole of her ; only half. The other half is her sister Lilian. Both of them write under the name, frequently in collaboration. " How did it come about," I said, " that you first thought of writing ?" "It was Lilian," replied Miss Blair, " who first began to write anything that was published. About nine years ago she went with a friend of ours on a visit to Japan, and while there —she was quite a young girl, too, at the time—she went about a good deal, and among other things she went to a very grand bull given by the Countess Oyame, and wrote us a very entertaining account of it, and my father thought the letter was so interesting that other people would probably enjoy reading it too. and the end of it was that It was published in the 'Argus,' and succeeding letters also. My sister chose the signature 'A Vic torian Girl,' and afterwards, when we went to Samoa and wrote from thero, we used It as our norn de plume." " There were two stories of Samoa," I said, " which I liked extremely. One was about a place of ghosts, and the other a sad little story of a Samoan girl. Did you write those together ?" "No ; the ' ghosts' was mine ; the other was Lilian's." " Did you meet the Stevensons in Sa moa ?—I hope you like Stevenson ?" " I love every Hue he ever wrote !— Yes, we visited them at their house once. It was quite in the bush ; not at all an easy place to get to. Mrs. Stevenson, his mother, was so very sweet ; the dearest old woman in the world ; so thorough a lady. . . When ' Bohemia' was started, Lilian and I did the women's page. We called ourselves • Clio.' " " I remember ' Clio.' She was very amusing * always vivacious ; no ' solid Information.' " " 'Bohemia' was so pleasant to write for. There was no 'management,' so to say ; the people who wrote for It were all young; there was no editor ; all the staff took it in turn to edit the paper." " And then you went to England ?" " Yes ; and to Paris. I should have been glad to stay in London, but It would not have been easy to get a position on the Press there, and, you know, • while the grass Is growing ' While In Eng land I wrote the article you speak of about Smithfield, and some others which were published In the * Argus.' At pre sent I am engaged in Press work." The particular kind of work specified I had better not, perhaps, indicate, other wise than to say that in the case of such papers as those to which It is under stood in Melbourne that Miss Florence Blair is a contributor, the work In ques tion is intrusted to none but writers of exceptional qualifications. It is cmi- Miss Florence Blair, Journalist and Author. ueutly creditable to all concerned that a woman should be proved well equipped for such a branch of journalism, aud ".that the directorate of a leading new.s .impi'i* should employ her in it.. - Miss Blair is a good-looking girl, dark, with fine eyes, in figure'•slender and, l Hiink. tall : pleasant mannered, uupre -1 ending. She was educated by the veto ran schoolmaster, Mr. R. Hale Budd.iu former days Inspector-General of Schools under tho Victorian Dqnominational Board of Education. Notwithstanding her good English style, she has had no university education ; but passed the matriculation and did the work of tbe first year's art course at school. Sew ing was rigidly enforced by Mr. Budd, and was taught by his daughter iv the goot> old English way, so the " Vic torian Girl" became an adept in this, as I believe she is in other, womanly arts. Miss Blair, the. students of "heredity" statistics will be interested to learn, is of mingled Irish and Scottish race. Her mother, who died seven years ago. was a Scotchwoman, and was a sister of Mi*. .Tames Macpherson Grant. M.L.A.. the inaugurator of the Liberal laud policy of Victoria. Her father is a North of Ire land man. bnt went when a young fellow to the South, and speaks rather with tbe softer accent of County Limerick or thereabout than of the " Black North." Mr. Blair kindly a^kod to see me before I said good-bye, and I had the pleasure and much-valued privilege of a long chat with him. replying on my part to numerous questions with regard to Queensland, and listening iv return to many most interesting reminiscences of the "old colonial day" nnd of Ireland, his native country, dear to me, too, for the sake of some most dear. 