CELEBRITIES. by F. CARRUTHERS GOULD. : To^ it's all very well to say "Christmas with Celebrities," but bow is it to be done? Christmas has been worked right down totho bedrook, and as for oelebrities, nothing that is either now or true can be written about them. H it wore simply an ordinary "Muggy" Christmas Annual story, with a ghost, r -Villain, and a beautiful maiden, with „ Jew murders thrown in, I could perhaps manage it. Or if one could group all the eminent once together on an ocean steamer which had broken down and drifted all through THE WIZARD IN TITS WOOD. the ^Christmas week, and make tliem tell Bto^ies to pass tlio time, that would be com paratively easy. But you can't string a lot of celebrities to gether; tlioy would all be jealous of one another i : and wouldn't speak. And then, twain, Christmas literature has fot to be so dreadfully previous nowadays, low can you get up nice seasonable frosty, snowy sentiments when the sun is blazing down with summer heat? You try to describe the crisp keenness of a Wintry day, whilst the gnats are standing on CHRISTMAS EVE IN HATFIELD DOUSE. their heads ami boring into your legs and hiuids. You try to imagine the earth covered with a pure mantle' of dazzling white snow, . and all tho timo the scent of hay is in the air, the graen leaves arc tluek overhead, tho sky is I a hot blue, and tho swifts are wheeling to and fro. Of course, it was hopeless for mo to cxpoet (hat a convenient number of celebrities would invito me to a round of visits during Christmas tide, and, even if they did, it would be too late. I was in despair. But one day I realized that the thing had to 1» done, so i took some manuscript paper and want into a wood and aat down. First I wroto tho title, "Christmas with Celebrities," boldly .and confidently, and thon—I suppose I must have fallen asleep. When I opened my eyas again I was startled THE DUKE'S PLUM rUDDlXG. toseen wierd-lopKiifr figure standing jn fran£ of-me. -It was a'man dressed In a';«h«-* wizaril-like Costume covered with oaDaJif symbols, He face Was eager and reetlessjand the eyes were piercing. . ' " Been asleep?" he nBked. " You shouldn't sleepin tho daytime. There's alotof work to be done in the world before it's really fit to liyein." Then, cateliing eight of my scattered and blank sheets of manuscript paper, he went on without waiting for an answer, "Been writ-' ing, I eee." Trying to," I replied. "What's your Subject?" I told him, and I explained to him how diffi cult I found it to get any ideas. " Can I help you?" he asked eagerly. " I'm strong on Spooks and Telepathy. Ha! Tele pathy is the thing for you ; Va switch you on to a few eminent people in a couple of minutes. Then vou'vo only got to let your hand go and they 11 do all tho writing. Now, the Countess of Warwick on tho unify of the Church would be a good subject to start with." I thanked him very much, but I told him that I hardly thought the subject would bo suitable to tho calm and peaceful associations of Christmastide. I wanted just to see how ft few of tho principal celebrities spent their Christmas, the Prince of Wales, for instance, and Lord Rosebery, and Sir "William Har court, and a few others like that. " Allrightl"Raid the magician, "simplest tinng in the world!" Grasping my wrist with his left hand, with his right he waved his wand before my oyes. And as he waved wood and wizard gradually molted away in vapour, it grew dark and colder every moment, and pre sently I found myself on a snow-covered car riage drive leading to a country mansion. For a moment I was puzzled; what was I doing there on a winter night' As I was standing trying to collect my thoughts, a figure came down the drive towards me, and wished me "good night" in passing. I recognised then who it was—honest Joe Arch. I asked him where I was, and ho told me close toSandring liam House, where ho had boon dining with tho Prinoo of Wales. _ " One of my constituents, he is," said Joo, " and a real good fellow too." When I got to the house it seemed as if every one had retired for tho night, for there were only a few lights in the upper windows. But some irresistible force impelled mo to walk boldly up to the front door and ring the bell. Presently I heard something unbolting and unlocking, and the door was opened. It could not bo! But yet it certainly was the Prince of Wales himself standing there, wearing a dressing-gown and slippers, and carrying a bedroom candle. "Come in," he said, in a cheery voice, which appeared to have in it a slight foreign accent. '' I thought you would have Ixjen here earlier, hut better lato than never.,' liow he knew that I was coming puzzled me, but 1 suppose it was telepathed to him. I apologized for intruding so late, but he insisted on my entering, and I followed him into liia smoking-room. "Hit down and make yourself comfortable," said tbc Prince, affalily, offering mc liis | cigarette-ease. "They're all gone to bed," ho continued, " so we can have a quiet chat. By- the-byo, do you like cold plum pudding?" I. told Ilia Itoyal Higlmesa that it was a form of luxury to which I had always been prone. j "That's all right 1" he replied, slapping mo heartily on the Swulder. "If there is one | thing that I dote on, it is cold plum pudding Ul A FEW MI VOTES TOE FEIKCB AE-APFRARSD. Thevwon't let rao have it, if they can help it, and KnollyB says it's awfnily indigestible. But I don't care, and at Christmas time I always slip down stairs after the others havo gone to bed, and I forage about to see if I can find any. Just wait a minute or two, and see if I get any luck."" j 1 The Prince lighted another candle, and left ■ me to enjoy my cigarette, whilst ho disap-. peaned on hisqnost in the larders. In a few minutes he reappeared, carrying a large dish with the greater part of a cold and plummy-looking Christmas pudding, and a AS AN EASTERN POTENTATE, couple of plates. " Hooray!" ho said, " hero's a bit of luck! I can't find any knives or forks, but we can manage with a paper knife and our fingers." Then he went to a bookshelf aud took out a decanter of port and glasses, aud wo set to work on the pudding until it had nearly dis appeared. "This is what I enjoy more than anything," remarked my host; "it's so jolly unconven tional, no ceremony or nonsense." I asked His lloyal Highness how ho enjoyed his Christinas holidays atSandringliam. "Ifs perfectly delightful," he answered. " I fool just like an ordinary country gentle man, and no guards of honour and addresses and caskets and tilings of that sort. I help to put up the holly and the mistletoe, and we have snapdragon and Yule logs and minee lies, and if there's a frost I do a little skating pies, and if there s a frost 1 do a little skating or tohoganning with the young people. And then I haven't to wear any of those wrotched uniforms, which worry my life out." I suggested to H.11.11. that he must find it diffioult sometimes to make up his mind in the matter of his uniforms and deoorations, Booing that he had to keep so many. " Difficult isn't the won]," ho said. "I have a roooi full of them,and Frank Khollys has HIS VIIAC.? 4K*> Dn. rAr.KPTJ, worked up asort of guidebook to them. Suppose they were to got mixed up, what a row there might be 1_ It might even produce international complications." "Itfs awful rot," ho Raid, meditatively, after pausing to light another cigarette, " We awful lot having to wear each others clothes when wc are visiting abroad, hut. I suppose it can't lie helped. Fortunately for ine, most of tko uniforms I have to wear are all right, nothing eccentric about them, but just fancy me in the get. up of—say of the Rajah of Mango Obntnee I" And the Princesat back hi his chair and laughed heartily at the idea. Then taking a sheet of note paper he made a rough pan and ink sketch of himself as an Eastern potentate, and gave it to mo, with permission to reproduce it. Wo wore just finishing the last of tlio port, when we hoard footsteps softly creaking down tlio^stairs towards the hall. ding," the Prince whispered, aud has?ily "blow ing out tho candles, bo put tbo remains of our feast under tho table; and, taking mo by the | hand, guided mo out through a side door. ! A hand shake and a whispered injunction | to be sure and turn up again next Christmas; i then the door was closed and looked, and in a I eeoond I found myself in the whoa whence I j had started, and my wizard friend in front of [ roe. ■ " Now," said he, " who is to be tho next?" that-i.iihmiidrlike iolooJe inon j try fora few moments.' Again the >vand was wavsdbefore myoyev and in moment T found myself in the baa-, quetingrhall of HatfieldHouse.. : Thera were lwo flgures seated at fha lablo, close to each other. The burly form was Lord Salisbury, the slimmer one Mr, .Joseph Cham-• borlain, and they wars blinking their glasses with Christmas greetings "Joseph," said the Marquis, in a voioe broken with emotion, "This is indeed a pleasure 1" • ".Marquis!" replied the guest, a little cloud of moisture dimming for a moment his glitter ing eyeglass, "I little thought that I should ever live to see this day—I and you sitting to gether on a Christmas hive under the auoestral roof of an Elizabethan castle!" "Ahem I" said the Marquis gently, "Tudor mansion would bathe more correct ■ description." "It e all the same, my lord," Joseph softly murmured.. "Dont call roe 'my lord,'" pleaded the SIB HENRY FOWLER AND HIS COLLIE. Marquis; "it sounds so stiff between old friends. " Call mo Salisbury." Thoy clasped bands in silent token of their emotion. "And to think," Joseph went on dreamily, "that once upon a time I talked about march ing to Loudon with a hundred thousand men of Birmingham " "And I said that you would get your hoad broken if you did S" interrupted his host. "Yes, 1 rememberF! said Joseph, "and I was rude to you, and said that you hadn't better try it on!" Thoy were silent again. "Ah,!' remarked Lord Salisbury after a pause, "a great mauy things have happened since then!'' "Yes," replied Joseph, "a great many thingB. Ransom!" he muttered to himself. "They toil not noither do thoy spin!" And again the brightness of tlio eyeglass was dunmod by a repentant tear. To-morrow, Baid Lord Salisbury, as they rose to retire, " will bo Christmas Day, and in accordance with ancestral custom wo shall go to Church. You will accompany us?" "The ancestral Church!" Joseph paused, but only for a momont, " Yos, yes, my lord. . I ilid onoo sdy that I was a Dissenter, and had i a quarrel with the Church, hut now- " They shook hands warmly, and wished each I other good night. The lights were turned I , out, and in a second I was mysteriously wafted I ; hack to my seat in tho wood. " Next man I" said the wizard. "Lord Roaebcry," X replied promptly, for I was determined to go through with the business. Again the wand was waved before my eyes, and in a moment I found mysolf in a Bleeping chamber, looking at what I thought at first was a tableau vivani of Sir John Millais's picture in tho Acadomy Exhibition, "Speak 1 Speak 1" But wheu 1 looked at the details of ; the vision I noticed that there were some 1 variations .from the original. The female figure at tho foot of the bed was dressed in a sort of classical costume. One hand bore a I small bronze antique lamp, gracefully po3od above her head, whilst the other carried a mirror, across the face of which appeared the faint traces of an inscription. Tho face of the figure seemed familiar, and, as I gazed at it, tho well-known features of Mr. Henry Labouchcre gradually accentuated themselves. The whole thing reminded me very much of ) the cover of Truth. ■ Then I looked again at the figure sitting up in the bad, aud I saw it was Lord Roaebsry. But, instead of holding out his hand in an agonized attitude of appeal to the weird visitor, he had a hoot clutched in his hand. Suddenly ho raised the missile and flung it with all his force straight at the head of tho , Tho lx>ot Mffiod right . ..„ a»iroantaon,_ and Ifelta thrilie! honor as it crashed against a mirror, smashing itratoa thousandfragmente. , .- The vision vanished. and as X rubbed my eyes I heard the witnrd's voice. : "Nextmanf? . i ".Well ] '.I should like to see how Sir.Henry Fowler spends hie Christmas," I replied. ■" - " All nght J" was the reply. j • •- It was the 'morning of Christmas Zlayrn Wolverhampton, and 1 was standing] outside SirHenryFowler's house, Wpodfchomev There was evidently a great commotion going, on inside, barking and roaring -and scuffling sounds. There were several small boys, of course, gathered together, and I asked one of the urchins what war; going on. - " : ".It's Sir Thiery'e dawg a takin' Jim oot for a run," ho replied, with a grin; "it's the oollio dawg as the Queen guv 1m. Lor l it do lead 'im a pretty life." At that moment the door was flung open, and out rushed a beautiful oollie, dragging at the end of a chain an anxious-looking elderly gentleman, who was wrapped up in a biff great-coat, and with a huge cashmere sliawl wound round his neck as a muffler. It was Sir Henry Fowler! Away wont the dog, racing and barking, with tho ex-Secretary for India holding on to the chain with both hands, and doing his level best to keep up with the animal. I ran after them, and so did the small boys, until a policeman intervened and headed off tho youngsters to their great disappointment. Sir Henry Fowler and his dog were poon out of sight, but I ran on in tho direction where they had disappeared, and a mile or two further on I found him standing wiping tiie perspiration from his forehead, with the terrible collie tied securely to a lamppost. " Your dog is a little too energetic, sir," I remarked, raising my hat. "My responsibilities are appalling J" replied Sir Henry, mournfully shaking his head. "It was had enough with the Cotton Dutios, and the. Opium Question, and the Shahzada, and tho Rajahs, and the military Anglo-Indians; my life was a burden to mo j but. this dog is worse than all the other things put together. And to add to all this trouble, the Eajah of Jungleporo has sent me two tigers and an elephant as a Christmas present, and the Maharajah of Brownuggur writes that he has just forwarded R pair of cheetabB as a token of his esteem. I'm expecting them ovorv day, and what to do with them I don't know i" I told Sir Homy respectfully that I sym pathized deeply with him, and I suggested that he might give the dog away. But lie indignantly repudiated this idea. " I couldn't possibly," he said. " Why, it is a present from Her Majesty, and I wouldn't part with it for anything, although it has killed several of my neighbours' eats—Wcs leyan cats, too, unfortunately, which has pro duced some complications. And I catch some dreadful colds over it," ho continued sadly. "I have to run 60 fast that I get overheated, and then I get chilled, and ever since I caught a bad cold at Marlborough House I have been very subjeot to chills." I felt very sorry for Sir Henry, because I respect him, and he is really a veiy good man. Just then the collie, who had beon gyrating wildly round the lamp-oost, broke his chain and dashed between my legs, upsetting me violently. I suppose I must have lost consciousness, for when I came to myself I was back again with my friend the magician. "Now," I said, "I should just like to look in on Mi'. Chamberlain at Highbury." It was just like one of tho scenes from " lluddigore." The ancestral hall was dimly lighted, and Mr. Chamberlain, with folded aims, was slowly pacing up and down, dressed LORD BOSEBERY'S NIGHTMARE. 6m Hen-rv Irvino's Christmas Eve Pahtx, in a costunjs of the early part of the century. In one comer of the hall sat a little white poodle, following every movement of his master with faithful eyes-. There ware large portraits, round the' walls, but they were all portraits of the squirohimself. One represented him weaving a rod Phrygian cap of liberty, trampling on a crown; another sbowod him in the robes of a mayor; another figure bore a sor'oll oh which was inscribed in blood-red characters the word " Ransom.)' Presently a deep-voioed bell broke the silenoe with the first stroke of the midnight hour. The little white dog in the corner howled piteously, and the squire started and glanced at the pictures with a haunted look of. horror. ■ Out of tho frames stepped all the figures, one by one, and stood, uttering no word, biit pointing at him with outstretched forefingers. The last stroko of twelve souudcd with an awfula crash like thunder, and 1 was onoe more back in the wood. "Haveyon got enough material yot?" the wizard asked. I said I thought I bad nearly enough, thanks to him, but I would like'to glanoe lmrriodly at a few more tableaux if it were possible. "All right 1" roplied the wizard kindly. " 111 just run through a few as quickly as possible. O1033 your eyes far a minuteertwo." I did so, and then a series of li ving pioturee flashed before me like a quiokly moving dio rama I saw a enow-covered dope with a palaoo in the background, ana down tho slope on a toboggan came the Archbishop of Canterbury and Dr. Parker. Tboy shot down with tremendous speed, and tumbled head over heels into a ditch at the bottom of the hill. Another tableau showed ine the Duke of Cambridge at the festal hoard. Dressed in civilian clothes, he was sitting at a tablo, gazing with indignant horror at a plum pudding, tho stoarn rising from which wreathed itself into a fantastic and ghostly semblance to Sir Henry Cainphell-Bamierniairs features. "Ah! said the Duke, "if I had only! waited a day or two longer!" _ I Next I found myself m Sir Henry Irving's smoking-room in Graf ton-street. There was a largo cabinet full of cigar-boxcs in one corner of flic room, and portraits of the two Charles's —Charles Matthews and Charles 1.—bung upon tho walls. Books wore plentiful, but there was a lighter touch in a bronze figuro of a harlequin standing near the window. Sir Henry was sitting liefero the fire in a thoughtful attitude, whilst his littlo terrier Pubsiq gazod intelligently into his master's face. , "Alii Fussie," said the great actor with a sigh of relief, " how good it is to be ono's own self by one's own fireside. Real fireplace, too, no property coaiabut real live glowing onoe, which picture golden visions of the past. Forty years, savo one, ago I first trod the stage—it was at Sunderland—aha! but no matter! the time has come!" And Fussie barks assentiugly. "Yes, it is food to feel sometimes who I really am," Sir tenry continued musingly. "Often when walking in the streets I have to stop and Mtt. CnAUBKBlAIK'S PORTBAIT GALT.EBT, think for a moment. Am 1 the Prince of Den mark or Charles' I.?: Mephistopheles or tlio Master of Ravonswood? You have doubtless,' Filmic, noticed those apparent fits of abstrac tion?" . . , Fusej'c harked again. • Just then a clock began to chime the hour of 12, and there ivns a loud ring of the front door bell. He little dog sprang up and rushed to the door, but his master cheeked him. " It is only my usual Christmas Eve party," ho said, and be passed out into the hall to welcome bis visitors. This midnight party was composed of figures, attirod as I thought at first, for a fancy dress ball. Each, one wore-a distinct and characteristic costume, but there was a wonder ful similarity in their features. There was. Mephifltopholoa ' in red and black, Robert Xondry in Parisian garb of 1791, Hamlet, Car dinal Wolsey, the Master of Ravcnswood, Thomas & Bcckot, King Arthur, and a lot of other histrionio figures. Each one shook hands with Sir Henry Irving, and then they all passed within, and the door was closed with a loud clang, which woke me up, and I was onoe more back in the wood. . Wben I opened my.oyps again my friend of the magiowand had vanished, so I suppose I must have been"merely dreaming. I looked at my manuscript paper, and tho.only words written on it were ""Christmas with Celeb rities." Then a printer's devil came hurrying through the wood and told me the Editbr would not wait any longer. So J wrote down my dream. 