THE CRIME OF CRIMiES. A PARABLE, An angel was sent from heaven one day to see how the people of the earth were faring in the land that a munificent God had given them. He alighted on the brow of a hill in the early morn, and as the mist curled up from the valleys he saw beneath him fields yellow with golden harvest, and afar off the roofs of a great city. And as the sun rose and the night departed all nature awoke with joyous sounds,. The lark flew quivering with happiness to the skies, to sing, as near as might be to the gates of heaven, her song of thankfulness, while beneath her fellow songsters rapec ted the notes of her matin song. The oxen in the meadows lowed contentedly to one another, and their warm breath rose like clouds of incense from the earth shrine of the God of Day. These eights and sounds of earthly happiness so filed the angel's heart with gratitude that he knelt and adored the beneficent Diety who had created this joyous world. And when his odorations were over he began to descend the hill, but of a sudden stopped, for across the plains and valleys there came a murmuring sound from where the people of the city were awakening from their sleep. The angel listened for awhile, and then said softly : "I know not what may be, but 'tiae as the cry that rises when those who are doomed to everlasting death see the gate o Paradise olose and abandon rope for aye." So speakiAg he descendseda to the plain, and passed along a pathway through the fruitful meadowr. He had not gone far when there came out from a hovel close by the roadside, a toil-worn man, with stooping form and farrowed face aid deep-set despa!ring eyes. And the angel, speaking to himself, said: " My God has sent me to find how it fares with man, whom He hath made in His own image, but surely this scnnot be such a one." Therefore he said to the man, " What art thou P" and he replied, " I am a slave." Then said the angel, " Where are thy gyves and eh-okles ' and the man said, " 1 need them not, for there is no place whereunto I could flee, except I take refuge in death." And the angel said, 'Wherefore art thcu a slave, and unto whom " and the man replied, "I am a slave to the lords of the land, beas se they own this earth, without the fruits whereof no man can live." And the angel said, "Have certain men denied their fellows a share in the fruitful soil, the universal gift of God P" "Ay," said the man, "'tis even so." "And on what conditions do they allow you to toil in the fields P" asked the angel. "On condition that we render to them all the grain we grow, but the husks we may keep for ourselves, and thereon life can just be sustained." "And have they many slaves ?" said the heavenly visitant. " Ay,". said the toiler, " all men must render tribute to them, or else die; and so it has happened to many who have had nothing to give." " And what do the lords do with the tribute of their slaves F" said the angel. "They and their favour ites consume it, they who live in the great city and never toil, who need not rise with the first light of dawn or sink with weari ness when the shadows fall." Then the angel said farewell to the hapless toiler, and went sorrowfully on his way. And all day long he passed through the fruitful fields, and saw the men and women toil ing for the husks of the grain, while the fat oxen lay contentedly in the shade. And long after nightfall he came to the rreat city, and entered the silent streets 'hereof. Not far bad he gone, when, from the shadow of a wall, there sprang a man upon him, who hoarsely said. "Give me money, or else die." " Gently, brother," said the angel, " I have nothing to give, nor is it right you should use me so." " I starve," said the thief with a low moan, and vanished like a ghost. Near this a not, acrosa th©p;%!e A %qhp.v w g the silent stars. So the angel passed swiftly on, but at a street corner a young girl, with wild, reckless eyes, stopped him, and said, " Do with me what you will, but give me money, for I starve." But the angel saying, "Sister, forbear," passed on again tilt he heard from tte darkness a low faint cry, and stooping down saw, lying on a doorstop, a dead woman with shrunken sheeks, who still pressed with rigid arms a babe upon her breast. The angel took the young child in his arms, and even as he did so it straightened out its little limbs and died. Then the angel closed the eyes of the poor mother, and carrying the dead infant, went quickly on to where sbouts of revelry could be heard -to the palace of one of the lords of the land. The golden gates were guarded, but he passed quickly through unseen, and entered the marble palace and the mighty banquet-hall. From end to end the tables were thronged with perfumed revellers, while high on a dais above them all lay the lord of the land listening to l'ocivious music and applauding the dano irg of a wanton. And unseen the angel went to his side and laid in his lap the body of the child, and wrote upon the wall in letters of flame, "This obhild whom thou hast murdered shall prononoce thy everlasting doom upon the judgment day." The angel then ascended to heaven, and said : "Thy earth, O God, is peopled by miserable slaevs, over whom there reigns sertain men called lords of the land, who have eaten up the fruits of their toil and robbed them of all Thy gift, except the husks of the grain whereon they live. The beasts of the field and the birds of the air rejoice, but the lot of man, because of this thing, is one of misery." Then the Creator of the universe called the recording angel to His side, and said. "B!ot out from the judgment book all reord of the sins of men, and place therein alone the names of thrse who have robbed My people of the earth I gave, for from this canuse hath sprung a!l sin, and none but they shall bear the pena.ty."-The Ba.eom. 