[?] FARieiCK. Written for the Examiner and TasmanianJ By Adeline J. Whitfeld. Author of 'My Lady,' 'Madge,' 'Rex,' etc. Chapter I. 'There I go again,' said the old man. ' I'm always putting my foot in it, .ain't I?' ; ' Never mind, Mr Mack,' said his son-in-law, 'let us have the rest of the story.' , . . 'The story— Oh yes. 'Wei], two of them ladies I was mentionin' they up and goes to the poor ?woman's cottage, an there they nnds it just as she said, all bare as could be, no chairs, no food, no bed, no nothing, children half-dressed an' cryin' fit to choke themselves, and their dead father ly in' ; on the table covered with an old sheet. 'Well, the leddies, the took stock 6' it all and felt that bad they were nearly cryin' themselves. They stayed a, con siueL'tiuiw djjcijl, iiiuu bwjjI) uue muesli child straight off to the nearest shop for victuals, an' all the time there lay the poor corpse on the table, right before 'em, Arter a bit the girl1 came back with the purvisions, and the leddies thought it time to take their leave, and then the widow cryin' like anything asked 'em if they would, like to look at the corpse ; but they wouldn't do. that, an' so they left. They hadn't gone far wBen one found she had left her parrysole, so back she went for it, and what did she see?' and Farmer Mack paused again and looked at his listeners/ No one inside a' suggestion, so he went on. ' The poor corpse on the table had , come . to life, and was sitting on a stool} and round him were his wife find children, an' all were larfin,' talkin', an' eatin,' 'Is this a fact, Mr Mack?' asked one of the gentlemen. - '? It was given me as an absolute fact, sir' returned Farmer Mack. ' Well, well,' said the gentleman. ' Not only once had this trick been played by the family, but many times. I believe,1 said the old man, * but after this take in I fancy they were ex posed.' ' Guida/ said Arden Melrose that night, as Guida stood by her bedroom window gazing thoughtfully into the moonlit garden,' what makes you look so troubled, love?' Guida turned from the window and confronted her husband. Mr Mel rose had very fine eyes, and just now they had a wonderful tenderness iu their expressive depths. 'I am puzzled/ she said almost mournfully. ' There are some things that are so trying, so humiliating, and yet it is nobody's fault, I used to think that whenever anything went wrong it was always somebody's fault, but now it is no one's' and yet I am troubled and pained.' Mr Melrose stooped to kiss his wife before replying ; then he said — ' It is no one's fault, my queen, and instead of feeling troubled and pained we should be filled with a gracious, gratitude towards the good old man who has done so much to make my wife what she is. You see, dear, we mortals are so prone to make little things of too much, moment. ' Now, though the good father does make what Mrs Grundy is wont to designate slips, still they do not really detract from his sterling worth. Anyone could betray their vexation and let him see they were annoyed with, if: not ashamed of, him ; it is for us to' show our loving constancy and never dying* gratitude for all ne has done for us.' * T am nr\\+! Iio1-P art rrrtnA aa i7r»n Arden,' said Guida, 'you are so clever and brave, no one would hare dared : to show you the open pity i received to-night. It was that which galled me, even more than what you call father's slips.' 'You must persuade him to stay with us till Christmas Gui,' said her husband. ' It only wants: three weeks till then, and young Flett: can manage the farm.' Chaptee II. — The Ghost. 'Wee Wan Btation was to be a lively place during the Christmas holidays, and it took considerable; persuasion on the part of Guida and her husband to induce Farmer Mack to remain there for the gay and festive season. At last, however, he con-: sented to do so, and shortly before the great Natal Day the guests began to arrive.' The visitors were strongly representative of youth, and erelong the old man was an acknowledged favourite among the same. Still it came about that a few thoughtless ones made fun of him behind his back, fun which at length reached to the extent of the planning and perpetration of a practical joke having for its victim Farmer Mack. Christmas Eve was the time chosen for the same, for between the hours of eight and nine the old man had fallen into the habit of taking a meditative stroll by himself in a certain picturesque but shadow-loving shrubbery. Here it was proposed by some senseless youth that another boy who by reason of his untoward height had been nicknamed Lanky Bob should appear in the region of a particular pond (which, overhung by much dark foliage looked DiacK, aeep, ana dangerous euuugu w afford a retreat for a more than ordinary ghost) iu the orthodox habiliments of a denizen of another world. The night airived— a sultry one, with a sullen* sky and ominous looking clouds here, and there. Farmer Mack took his good old pipe from his pocket, and gazing intently into its savory depths with an eye we'll pleased proceeded to add a little more cut tobacco from his leathern pouch before entering upon the delights of a prolonged smoke. Unknown to him a slight little figure in some pretty light frock had been observing very closely with wondering blue eyes the movements of her new friend. This was a mite of five years, who had developed at first sight a precocious adoration for the good old man, and now, when her mother supposed her to be safely asleep, she had redressed and crep^ softly down the stairs, and then waited in a niche between the marble pillars of the hall till Farmer Mack should come out of the study for what this baby termed a ' toddle in the darden.' She had not long to wait before the short stout figure in the long-tailed coat, wonderful waistcoat, and gor geous tie came with heavy footsteps in to the huge resounding hall. He did not see her and the little one had too much tact to come out of her hiding place until Farmer Mack was goir-g slowly down the stone steps which led to. the garden. Then she flitted swiftly after, him, 'as a veritable fairy to which she was otten likened ; and so they went down the broad gravelled drive; and turned into the shadowy path which led to the shrubbery. Farmer Mack's boots made far too much noise to permit him to take notice of the twigs which cracked under the light tread of his little follower. They entered the shrubbery, dark shadows lay everywhere, and the sky loomed blackly overhead. Though Farmer Mack heard nothing, there was a rustling in the bushes not far off, ,and much whispering intermixed with boyish laughter going on. Nearer and nearer drew the intended victim to the region of the Black Man's Horror, as the uncanny-looking pool was called j and nearer and nearer crept the 1 ghost ' and his accomplices, but either Farmer Mack walked faster than they had anticipated or they had miscalculated the time it would take them to reach the chosen spot, for the former had nasaed the same. and the wee mite following him was abreast with the pool, when an unearthly cry between a groan and a cat-call rent the air, followed by a parting of the bushes where they grew thickest, and the appearance of a figure ghastly white, with eyes, nose, and mouth of gleaming fire. Then an appalling shriek rang out on the night, a shriek which could only have issued from the mouth of a little child, and then came a splash and a bubbling sound as the waters of the Black Man's Horror closed over the golden head of Farmer Mack's tiny devotee. The scream and the succeediug splash sobered, the ' ghost and his companions in a moment, but before they could tear off the sheet and rush forward with the turnip lantern which had formed the apparition's head rthere was another and a greater splash and Farmer Mack had jumped into the pool. He was a good swimmer, but now the reeds which grew thickly for some distance into the water impeded his progress terribly, added to which hiB clothes and heavy boots formed no slight obstacle, and for a few moments it seemed doubtful whether the old man and the little girl would not share a watery grave. But now Lanky Bob's long reach came to be of good service, tor quickly twisting the sheet into a rope he caught hold of a bough and leaning forward threw one end as far into the pool as it would go. Presently Farmer Mack succeeded in reaching it, and with his tiny, appa rently lifeless burden under his arm was drawn gasping, dripping, aud well nigh exhausted to the bank, Here several pairs of arms belonging to conscience- stricken, boys were ready to ' liaul him on to dry land, and one there Farmer Mack quickly regaine . . iris senses.' ' '' ?''?;?' : v: : ?'?' 'Do you run to the house,' be sai to Lanky Bob, ' and tell them to ge blankets andnhot water ready. An joii, Dickson, carry the poor child.a ?quickly as you can, and show him th ?vyay with the light, Small, for no. ,-tim'i must be lost.' .',; These orders the boys at onci ?obeyed, and Farmer Mack himsel followed more Blowly, the water oozing out, of his boots as he went, dripping frqmhis clothes,; and forming littlt channels down. hie furrowed face. The night wasji close one, but the old mar began to shiver and shake and hie teeth to chatter before he reached the house. He went round to the back, but even then was loth to enter in hia drenched condition. Standing in a Jittlepool of water, which had run from his clothes, he glanced irreso lutely into the cheerful-looking and well-kept kitchen, and whilst doing this a stream of light fell upon his bald . head and blanched face, revealing both to the sympathetic gaze of the red-faced cook. She hurried to him— 'Sure, Mister Mack, sir ; you must come in. The Lord love ye, yer'll get yer 'death o' cold.' A mist swam before the eyes of Farmer JVTack, he felt sick and dizzy, and tottered,and would have fallen had not the kind-hearted 'girl supported him, while she called to some of heri fellow servants for help. They got him'ibefore the glowing; fire; with the best of intentions unfettered by the i dictates of common sense, and then, he fainted away. When consciousness'; returned he was lying in his owniuxu-; ribus bed, while his son 'in-iaw; watched.;; by his side. The old man opened his! iaded blue eyes, and regarded .Mr] Melrbse attentively for a' few moments^ \ Then he said— : j ; 'Ehjilad, but this is a bad business,'; \- Mr Melrose nodded. ' J fSowdb you feel ?' ' j ; '? Avbit done,1 said Farmer Mack, ' a: bit done, lad.' ..' '.?'.', . , Quidacame mat this moment, acup; pf'spmething fragrant smelling and; steamiDg hot in her hand. - 'Drink this, father, dear,' she said: gently, ' and then try to sleep.' . ? ' 'How's the little one, Gui. ?' asked her father, 'Going on nicely. Now be quick' and take- this before it cools.' 'What's to be done with the boys, eh?- ????.?.:?.-;???? ..;\\. \ j Mr Melroee's face darkened, ; ' They shall go straight home in the morning,' he eaid, decidedly. , ; A troubled look crept into Farmer Mack's expression. .'?/'?- ? ' I call to mind/ he said wistfully, ?some lines my wife used to say a' times, something like 'More offend for want of thought— than for any want bj feelin. ' Guida quickly comprehended that her father desired to plead for mercy oh behalf of the young conspirators. She put her hand on her husband?s arm — ?'' ,' '' -.'':. [:;'[ .. ? Don't decide anything to-night, Arden, leave them to their consciences fora few hours.' ; : Mr Melrose looked somewhat sur: prised, but replied- — ?Be it so.' ;_\ 'Thq next morning, Christmas morn ing, Farmer Mack was so stiff and sore he could, scarcely turn in bed, jaever^ theless he begged that the offending boys might be sent in to see him before they left. They came, and remained . in- the old man's room; fully ; an hour! What he paid to them ho one was' peri | e' mitted to hear, but when they left him &' they didjso with eyes bbth red and i swollen, and yet he had sheaken hands \ with them very kindly as he said i good-by. Then Farmer Mack sent ?j for Mr Melrose and as a result of their interview the latter sought ? the room where the- three delinquents were packing their belongings. | ' ?' ' Boys,' said their hoBt not unkindly 0 They looked, up and a rush of colour f flew into their shame-stricken faces. 7 'Boys, Mr Mack has interceded for r you. If you like to remain for the in 3 tended fortnight I shall be pleased to j i have you do so..' 1 Two of the number murmured their i thanks, but the other, Dickson, sprang V to his feet. . , ; ., '?: ? I am i worst; ot the lot/ he said with ' eager haste, 'I got round the others 1 to play the trick.- They were a bit i scared at itj and I talked 'em over.' I 'Spoken like a man, Dickson/ said ? Mr Melrose, ' you acted the part of a i mean coward last night, but I can'fc believe that that senseless prank is a keynote to your character. It is bad ; enough to play a trick on anyone, but on an old man it is — 'but there, I do not : mean to go through or over that again. I do not excuse eitber-of you in the : slightest, though it was not your idea in the beginning/ he added looking at '. Lanky Bob and at Small. : ' However, you JKnow what I think of the matter, ?so shake hands, boys, and remember I; look to you all three to give us cause to alter our opinion of you before you leave here. Of course the ' social ' we were going to have co- night is out of ,the question now, as the little girl is too ill to bear any noise.' ' ! 'Too illjsir,' said the boys in startled; tones. They had remained in their' rooms and had breakfasted there,so had learned nought of the condition of the ? wee mite who had fallen a victim -to what they had been pleased to call a/ 'practical joke.' ! J 'Too ill/ 'returned Mr Melrose gravely.' . ''.''. In a darkened room lay the sick? child, ever and anon restlessly turning from side to side, .while little moans broke from her parted lips, sometimes intermixed' with cries of delirious: alarm ; and, outside everything was; bathed in, brightest sunshine, the birds sang in the trees, the cattle licked, themselves in the shade of the great branches, and the sheep drowsed under the hedges. It was Christmas Day, and all nature seemed to rejoice, tor in the early hours a heavy shower of rain had fallen, which bad washed off the coating of yellow dust which everywhere prevailed, and now a smiling freshness reigned in its stead. The birds carolled; in the trees the animals stretched and licked, gay young voices echoed in the great garden and resounding laughter filled the air, but upstairs in the quietest wing of the, house lay this little white faced thing, white save for the fever spots in each tiny cheek. . ' Muddy/ said the poor baby feverishly ' don't let ? it come Muddy. Quick ! Stop it ! Stop it I It's hiding behind the curtain and keeps popping its head out.' ' /'There is nothing there, my darl-, ing/ said the mother soothingly. ' See, I'll go behind the curtain. There now, there's nothing here.' (To be Continued.) 