KATIE. There are few more cheerful places on a cold and winter night than a smithy with its rearing fire. Tho ruddy glow and sparkle of light, tho interested faces of tho village loungers, the roar pf the bellows, and the cheerful ring of the smith’s hammer on the anvil, all combine to make up a comfortable rural picture of light and warmth. The smithy at Godscroft on a cold December evening was no exception to this rule ; it was warm and bright, and filled to overflowing with village gossips, met to talk ; over the events of the day. The group of men collected round the fire was just such a group as may be found round any smithy fire in the country, hard-headed, hard-featured, hard- fisted, shrewd, sen* sible men; keen politteians, learned in polemical controversy, fond of argu ment on moat subjects, and able to take an intelligent, although often prejudiced, in terest in almost all the leading topios of the Such were the loungers collected round the smithy fire at Godsoroft, listening eagerly to a man who was in many respects dissimilar to them. There van about him an easy breadth, a freedom, an expansiveneas of ges ture and manner, which suggested coiouial life. He had an air as if the village street were scarcely wide enough for his swinging stride, as if he felt the little world of the smithy, the arena of the intellectual heroes of Godscroft, narrow and circumscribed. He was good-looking with a sun-embrowned complexion, nad dark ayes with a merry twinkle in them ; while a strong, squarely-cut chin and jawa gave character to a face that would otherwise have been only weakly good-natured. A large wiry-haired dog, of a mongrel and nondescript type, lay at his feet, and formed tho theme of conversation. “ It’s a boDny doe o* its kind and a puid dog, Tfle warrant; but I will never allow that it’s a collie,” said one speaker. “Did I ever say that it was? It has nothing of the collie about it, although it has more than a collie’s intelligence.” ** It’s a dour-lookiug beast,” said another. “ It reminds me of a wolf I once saw in Wombell’a meuagene, that came round this countrywide four years ago come Lammas. —Ye’U mind it, Geordie?” “ You’re none rg handsome yourself, Jock,” said the stranger, “ that you should object to the want cf beauty in others. Did you never hear tell of the old proverb, * Handsome is as handsome does?’ Bill, here, is better than he is bonny, and that he 1ms proved.” “ Tell us all about it. It's ]uat grand to hear ye telling these outlandish stories,” said one of the bystanders. “It would be away out there in Aus tralia, I’so warrant,” said another. “ Yes, bova, it was,” said the tall,bronzed, bearded man who owned Bill; and he tossed back his hair and gave his forehead a rub, as irfcto quicken the bump of memory, and straightway beizan. “ You want Bill’s story, mates. Well,hero it is. Some of you here, I don’t doubt, will re member that when the old mandiedinthehard winter of 70, I left the old country, that was pretty well uned up for me, to try my luck in the Australian cold fields, where they used to tell us down here that the gold might be got for tho mere trouble of lifting it up. What I got and that was never very much, took a precious deal of hard work, I oau tell you; and what with one thing and another, I tired of it, and went up the country to a big squatter, a kenned man and a kindly, for he was one of Hunter of Godscroft’ssons, and hired myself to be one of his shepherds. I had a good berth with him, nothing to complain of. either in the way of work, or meat, or wages; bnlit was an out-station, and it was terribly lontBome I inisBed my mother, poor old body, more than I can tell you. Many a time it would havedone my heart cuod just to have heard the click of her knitting needles, or * seen the whisk of the skirts of hor old black gown ; and sometimes I lunched, and sometimes I almost shed tears, when I thought how it would have amused her to have seen me with mv sleeves turned up kneading damper or toasting a bit of mutton at the smoky “However, it was better, as l often said to myself, to be alone than tethered to a bad neighbor; and my sheep kept me in so much work that I had very little time for thinking. Every now and again they would take a wan dering fit, and l would get up some line morning and fiud tho halt of the hireel gone; and nothing for it but to scout the country far and near till I came upon tho track of them. I have seen me ride fifty miles before I came up with them.” “ Eh, man, but ye would be fearsome when ye did,” said in old schoolfellow ap preciatively. The big Australian withered him with a look, and went calmly on. ** I was out one day after a lot of these long-legged woolly trespassers, that were as swift aa deer and as cunning as the oldest fox in your Bpinneys here-; and I had not seen us much as a print of one of their feet. I had been riding since the morning broke, and I was spent with hunger and fatigue when the night came down upon me pitch dark, not a star visible—a deep Egyptian darkuess that could almost j be felt. I could not so much us see my hand when I held it up before me.” “ Ye were aye a bauld billy,” said another retrospective schoolfellow, “ but that would daunton ye. What did ye do ?” “ What could I do ? To turn back wab more dangerous than to go forward. I let my horse solve the difficulty. He seemed to see what was before him ; I could not; and wo went on, and on, and .on till I saw a shimmering gleam flash through the mirk darkness of the night, and heard the rush of water. It was a creek, as we call them in those parts; and as the horse made no pause, I rode boldly on, and by God’s mercy, rather than my own good guidance, we stumbled on a place that was fordable, and got safely to the other side. The steep bank was overgrown with bush, ns I could see by i glint of moonlight that flashed out all of a sudden, and I was just taking a look round to see if I could make out where I was, when my ears were pierced by tho most awful cry 1 think I have ever heard. It wap so loud, and so shrill, and so full of pain, that it fairly made my blood run cold. I leaped out of the saddle in sheer fright, and looked round me like a man bewildered. The wide bare pastures and scrubby bush around were devoid of any human habitation, and yet it was like the cry of some poor human creature in the extremity of distress. It was so ghastly, so unearthly, that the horse 1 was riding, although ho was a steady old brute, Bhied, and swerved sharply round. . He was in such a panic, that I could not help remembering mother’s old world stories about ghosts, although I tried to tell myself that there was no such thing. However, ghost or no ghost, I was bound to go on ; so I set a stout heart to stey brae ; and when I found that I could not torce the terrified brute up the bank,I dismounted, and tied him to a young gum tree. '• I had scarcely set my face to the bunk again, when the same cry sounded out once more. I lell yon, mates, it made the blood run cold round my heart, it was so shrilly wild, so unearthly, so despairing, and, to make it worBe, the black night oame down on me _ again mirk and heavy, like the blaokness of the parish mort-oloth I used to wonder at when I was a boy. 1 had not the least idea in what direction to turn, and was standing irresolute, when I heard the cry again, and it sounded nearer, and was so distinct that I thought I oould go straight to the very spot it oame front. The bank was so steep that I bad to scramble up on my bands and knees, often slipping back and stopping to listen ; but 1 oould hoar nothiug except the soft gurgling plash of the water down beneath me. I was not suro which way to turn, when I heard the cry again right out of the scrub before me. I was in the right direction—that was one good thing ; but I will never deny that I was frightened a bit, it wbb such s terrible cry, and tho spot was so lonely. I had that spirit in me, though, that I would not go back ; and 1 crept for ward on my hands and knees towards the top of the bank, which was covered with a ] close low bush. It was a bit of a climb, j and I had stopped a minuto to get I my breath, when I thought I heard ) a low moaning noiso dose to me. I gripped myrevolver, but it wbb of little use in the darkness, so I took ons instead a big bowie knife I always1 carried, and held it ready in my hand. The next moment there was a sort of hurtling rush through the air above me, and something leaped right down upon my shoulders. 1 gave a yell, and then another ; and then away down the bank we rolled, riving and tearing at eaoli other in an agony of mortal fright. As soon as I could get iny right hand free, I gave a desperate thrust with the knife ; and with a yell of rage and pain, the creature dropped oil' from me; and I heard the thnd of its fall on some projecting rock or bush that had caught it in ita downward descent. “lwas more frightened than hurt, and soon scrambled to my feet. As a smoker is never without matches, I soon had a light, with which I groped my way down to where the creai ure lay, and what do you think I found ? ’ “A teoger, maybe,” said another old Bchcol-fellow. “ Yo silly gowk, there are no tigers in Australia. I found Bill; but my word, he was not the comfortable well-fed beaBt be is to>day. I don't think I ever saw buoh a dog as lie looked then, either before or since. Ho was a gaunt Btarved skele ton, bleediog slowly from a wound in the side which he had got in his struggle with me. He made no attempt to escape, but lifted his head and gave me a look so pathetic, so almost human in its mate, reproachful appeal for help, that it fairly went to my heart. I spoke gently to him; and he looked up at me aB it he would fain have spoken and told me his story. He let me stanch the blood that was trickling from his side ;and I bound up the wound as well as I could. He then stag gered to his feet and whined, andoaughtmy sleeve with his teeth, and showed me as plainly as if he had spoken that he wanted me to follow him. “ I took up the lantern and he wagged his tail and licked my hand; and we scrambled up the bank together, and then, always whining, and looking back, he led the way into' the bush. The brushwood was so thick and dense that I was al most heat. I could scarcely forco my way through ; but whenever I stopped ot get a mouthful of breath, he whined and fawned on tne, and pulled at my sleeve, and shewed such an agony of distress that I could not but pity the poor dnmb beast, and make all tho haste I could to follow. By this time the day was beginning to break, and it was notso dark as it had been. Ho had led me to a sort of cave formed by a shelf of rock pro jecting from the bank, und there, wrapped in a tartanelmwl waB a sight that brought my heart to my mouth. A girl, a bit lassie, so sorely wasted und spent that I lifted her up in my arms like a child and carried her up to the open. Her eyes were closed, and she seemed too far gone for speeeli; bnt there was life in tier still, as I could see by the flickering of hor eyelids when iBtooped down to look at her. “As for tho dog, who had crawled after us, he looked up in my faco with his pathetic eyoa full of a dumb prayer for help; and then—for he was fairly beat, and could not, I believe, have draggod bis trembling limbs another step—ho stretched himself on the grass beside her and licked her little wasted hand, I was in such a stnto of excitement myself that I fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what to do ; but I got some water and laved her faco and moistened her lips; and when she had swnllowod a few drops she came round so fur that Bhe could utter a word or two itt a faint whisper. “ Thus, bit by hit, I got her story. She and her father had.been on their way homo from tho goldfields, and he had a consider able sum of money on him, how much she Bcarcoly knew, and it made little matter, for it was all gone. In a darksome gully on the road he had been set upon anti robbed und murdered ; und Bbe hud fled into the bush like a distraoted crea ture, ami wandered about day and night till Bill hud come back to hor, und she had fol lowed him to this oave, where she had lived for some weeks on such berries and roots as she could find. She vrss nfraid to leavo its poor shelter, for she had tost her way completely, and wus thoroughly bewildered; and so, when the supplies of roots and berries—never very plentiful in an Australian bush—began to run short, site gave herself up for lost, and iay down in despair to die. • Poor thing ! My heart was in my mouth as I listened. Gaunt and huggard as she was, tt was easy to sea that she itad been a bonny lassie; und her voice was so sweet that it was like a song from Paradise. * You must not speak of dying,’ I paid— ‘ yon that have all your life before you, and cun scarcely tell yet hftw pleaBant a tiling it is to live.’ “ ‘ l have no deiirc to live longer,’she said. • I have nothing to live for now that my father is gone ;' and she closed her eyes and shuddered. “She spoke with a pretty accent,atidher voice sounded io my lonely ears like the sweetest musio I hud ever heard; hat although she was so gentle and sweet, she quite knocked all the conceit out of me, and 1 could only staro nt her and1 mumble, ‘ Ho, no ; you must not talk of dying.’ “ When she revived a little, I carried her down to the place whero I loft my horse, and by his aid I got her Iiotrte to my hut, where she lay formany days more dead than alive. She wanted nothing hut n sip ot water or tea ; and when she came round a little, a mouthful of damper. It was poor fare for an invalid, and one, too, who had evidently been daintily nurtured : and I expected nothing but that', t would kill Iter outright. She rallied, however, and got up at last, and crept to the door; and the fresh air helped to strengthen her ; and, as was natural for so you eg a creature, the heavy oloud of grief that had oversha dowed her lightened a little, and sho began to sing softly to herself, it: a sorrowful heart broken way, that saddened mo to hoar, bnt was better for herself, maybe, than the silent despair in which she had been since the day I found her. “As for Bill hero, he had got better long beforo she was able to move about; ami although he always took a charge of hor, he showed a great affection for me, and liked nothing hotter than to follow me about. “I could make out nothing clearly about Katie—for thut she told me was her name—except that she was the daughter of a poor gentleman, that her mother was dead, and that she and her father had always been all in.all to each other. He had made money at the diggings, but that was gone ; she was all that was left; and I oould see for myself that site was the bonniest bit lassie that ever gladdened a man’s heart. Her eyes were bright and blue,likothe dowy bells I used to gather when I was a laddie on the Godeoroft rigs ; her hair had the oolor and glint of burnished gold ; und her cheeks began to show the loveliest color, like that of the sweet fresh wild roses. “I think I see her os if it were but yesterday shaking back the curling hair from hor brow, and lifting her bonny bit face to mine, and asking how she was to do this, and what sho was to make of that, for she had never been used to work; and I bad to show her how the simplest things were done; bnt she waB quiok »t the uptake, aud never needed to be told a thing twice; aud I liked her to ask iny.ad vice, for when she did so, hor eyes would shine like gems, and her face would flash up almost as if sne liked me; but that, I tola myself, was impossible. “ The long and the short of it was that I began to liko her too well for my own peace. The only happy moments in my life were spent in watohing her, or listening with the keenest delight to every word she uttered. She told me often about the books she had ; read; and she spoke sometimes of thelife she bad ted, a life altogether unlike mine. My heart sank within me when I thought it ovet. ; What was I that I should think of winning i her love; I bad nothing to offer her but the , true affection of a fond loving heart. I oould . 1 not even tell her how welt 1 liked her. 1 i trembled before her like on aspen leaf, and | Could scarcely pat out a word if it war9 I save my life. That was a rough time on me» I mate*. I was so wretched that I got sour [ and gruff, and spoke sharply to tho very creature I could have fallen down and worshipped. So, from lees to more. 6he got to think I was tired of her presence there ; and one evening— how well I remember it—she was standing full in the blaze of the firelight, her figure erect, her hands loosely olasped before her, her bonuie blue eyes fixed wiattally on 41 ‘1 must have been a great trouble to yon, she said quietly. 4 And you have been very good to me. And now I feel quite strong. If you will put me on the right road to-morrow, I will go away with Bill, and never trouble you any more.’ 44 4 Where ?* I almost shouted, clutchi ng Bill’s collar as I spoke, 441 To the city; it was there my father as going.' *4 • Have yon any friends there?' 11 4 Nc ; I have no friend* anywhere ; but have Warned to work. I Bhall find w there, I hope.' 44 4 Stay with me, Katie,’ I cried in utter despair. 41 have nos much to offer you; but I love you—you must have seen how I lota 44 She did not answer me in words, but she stole her little soft hand into mine* How happy I was l I could ecaroely believe in my own good fortune, for I had never dared to hopo that it was pos sible that she could like me. 44 There was nothing to be gained by waiting. Handsome trousseaux are not easily come by out iu the Australian bush. We went down to the station, where the parson chanced to bt making hia rounds, and were married. The very loneliness of our life made our happiness deeper. I think. We were like Adam and Eve in Paradise. 1 never saw the sun shine ] so brightly as t.did that spring, or the grass look bo fresh and green ; and my bonny bit I Ia?sie was as pleased us a queen and as blithe as a mavis. If I were to speak for ever I ooald never fell you of all the true and tender feeling of a lad und hie lass who love each other av we did. Earth was like heaven to ua, and that lonely little hut an Eden. Woes me! we were driven too soon from its shelter. 44 Sho was an merry us a iinnut, na Isaid before, und her eyes gianeed like diamonds, ami her oheek bloomed like the red, red rose ; but for all that, the canker was ut the root of my bonny Hover. She complained of no pain, and she seemed to grow bonnier and bonnier every day ; yet she grew weaker also, and she knew it herself; but I struggled Boro not to see it. 4‘ 1 When I cannot stay any longer with you John,4 she said, 4 promibe to bury me beaid my father.’ “Eor I had gone out to the bush and lookec for the murdered mao, and found him lying where *ho had covered him up with leaves anc moss. A ghastly object ho was to look at. with his skull beaten in, and his clothes all covered with clotted blood ; and I had laid him iu a decent grave, and happit him up close and warm—for love of her, that was eveu *bcD the very light of my eyes. “ ‘Don'tBpsakiu that way, Katie,’ I cried; 41 cannot bear it. Oh, my lassie, you are bettor to-day—tell • me that you feel etronger? * 4* *1 think I do,r she answered, looking wis. fully at me ; but that very night, when we wero sitting on a bench I had put up outside the door, she leaned her head against my shoulder, and I thought she was tired, and was falling asleep; but after a few minutes she opened heroj'es, and there was a solemn far-away look in tlu.ir tdue deeps that fairly frightened tne. 4 John,’ she whispered ao low that I could just bear her by bending down my ear to her mouth—4 John, you have been a dear good hu«banrt to me. Kiss me, and hold mo fast, for 1 feel as if I were slipping 44 Woes me, how gladly would I have held her fast for ever ; but I could not ; she was slipping away from me, und from all things earthly. There was a flutter of her bonny whiteeyelids, along, long gasping breath,ai d she was gone. Bill, there, is all that I hav left of her, and rough, mongrel tyke that he is, the money is not coined that could bey him from me !'* He drew hi* largo brown hand across his eyes. 44 it is yeira since now, and the world has used me not unkindly. I sun a prosperous man ; and my wife up tuere—and no pointed to the village inn behind him—“is a good woman, and has made me an excellent wife, and wo are happy enough. I have nothing to complain of ; but oh! I never lay my hand on Bill's rough head but I think of my lost lore, and tho place where she lies by the side of her murdered father far out iu tho Aus tralian bush.*’—Chambers’s Journal. 