ITEMS OJ? NEWS. Last night, Mr E. D. Williams, M.L.A., re ceived a telegram from Mr H. Foster, Minister of Mines, stating that ho would arrive in Custlc- maiue to-morrow morning from Bondigo on route to Maryborough and Clunes. This U WUIU IliUlVHUU tlldb IIIU llUli UIJ I JVUIIb It Will UIIVU a stay of at least thrco hours here ; and the op portunity thus occurs for the minora mid sluicers to arrange for a deputation to the Minister anent tho niovement for endeavouring to obtain a reduction in the price of water for sluicing operations. The lucal " Borough Council may also doom it prudent to interview Mr .Foster ro tative to the cleurnnco of tho silt froin Forest Creek, and any other requirements that deservo Ministerial attention. Wo remind our readers of the orchestral and vooal concert that takes places this evening in tho Mechanics' Institute, which should ho a most enjoyable one to all appreciators of good inusiq, Last evening tho Minister of Mines proceeded to Bondigo, and to-day ho will visit tho diggings at Ellesmero, returning to Bundigo in time to represent the Ministry at the banquet to bo given by the Mayor of Bondigo. At the Taradale Police Court on Saturday Thomas Antonio, junr., was fined L10, with tho alternative of two months' imprisonment for using obscene language in a public place. De fendant did not appoar when called upon, and a warrant has been issued for his arrest. The only caso for adjudication at tho Polioo Court yosturday was a suit for debt, brought by David Riloy against J. A. Jumos for L45, for money lent. The defendant did not 'appear, and tho plaintiff having proved tho debt, the Bench, consisting of Messrs Odgers, Nowman, and Mitchell, nmdo an order for the amount, with L3 8s costs. Mr Cornish appeared for plaintiff. ; The funeral of the late Mr Christopher Faull, of Yapeen, took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely attended. The remains were interred in the Cemetery at Campbell's Creek. The coffin, which was of polished oak, with silver mountings, was covered with handsome floral tributes sent by sympathising friends. The funeral arrangements were well conducted by T. Odgers and Co. Yesterday an impudent theft was committed in Lucan-street, immediately outside the gates of the Bendigo Hospital. Mrs Collier, a resident of Ravenswood, visited the institution in order to see a patient. She left a perambulator stand ing outside the gates whilst she went into the institution. Tho perambulator contained a quantity of clothing material, and upon Mrs Collier's return sho found (says the 'News') that everything of value had been removed and car- ried away, in her absence. A young lady, Miss Wiseman, who came to Castlemaine from Melbourne recently to recruit her health, died somewhat unexpectedly on Monday night. The deceased, (who was accom panied by her relatives) had been ailing for some time, but serious symptoms developed, and Dr Woolley was called in. The patient never ral- lied, despite the medical skill. The remains were conveyed to Melbourne yesterday for in- terment. Mr Max Hirsch, at the Davitt reception cere- mony in Melbourne, stated that many ties bound him to Mr Davitt, for though he had not been a rebel was the son of a rebel. His father and uncle had fought for the freedom of their country, and if they had not been put in prison they only escaped the axe of the executioner by going to a foreign land. Like Mr Davitt, he recognised that political freedom was merely a means to social freedom and justice. Mr (?." Crocker Smith has been . in cb.nforqnccf with Mossrs'Thompson nnd!.Co.,'!rcspcdtingTho' triturating machine for Haviiigj lhiur, gold, jwjth; .thu resulc that lio has appointed them '. the '.iaqle 'taaiinfactiirers of tho macIiiiiu(oyjetqriauqnd.; Tnsmnqin. They aro to havb?tw livor'ecl at the Crown Reef in (10 days, and to have tlionTercctod. A test will thus soon bo made of tlio value -of-tliO'-tritumtors, and -an -opinion formed of their suitabijir.y for being tried on quartz thilings! j J To-morrow morning '.'(Ascension Day) tliero will be a choral commmiioii service in Christ Church at '8 a.in."-"'Tlio"sorvico""clipseii is Bcrthold T'oursjiu F. aiid the organist'iand choir have givo'n much attention to : tho relieqrsal of tho music, which is both Uinoflll oiul clovntiimal. After tho.sorvico the olioir will be onteftaiued at breakfast in tho parsonage,. and tliero will be an' evening servico at 7.30 o'clock. Tho offertory at both morning and ovuiiiug services will be in aid of tho choir fund. , A couple of vehicular accidents occurred in tlio town yesterday, but fortunately ! thero was nothing serious or oxtraordinary iu oither. A wheel severed its connection with tlio cart of Mr Hopkins, butcher, whilst lie was driving along Barker-strcot, and tho springs woro broken. At the business prcmisos of Mr Goldsmith, in Temploton- strcet, a liorso attached to a light waggonette dashed alongside the shop and, col liding with tho closed gate, smashed it. The further progress of tho horse was checked hy tho damaged gate, by which tho vehicle was hold fast. The shafts of tho waggonetto were broken. Travellers by rail woro groatly inconvenienced yesterday morning hy tlio first train from Mel bourne again arriving very Into- at OastlamaineJ The engine broko down near Sunbury, and aftor some delay the train was brought on slowly by li lighter ' luconiotivo, which was brought from Mclliourno. Tho train pulled up at tho Castle- maino station at 11.40 o'clock, boing an hour' and forty minutes behind time. The trains to Maryborough and Maldon woro considerably delayed in departure but, owing to the fore-; thought of Station niastor Hughes and his staff, tho train due hero from Maryborough at midday arrived on time, instead of being delayed for an hour or more at Moolort. The stall' was worked so methodically as to permit of tho outgoing and incoming trains passing each: othor at Guildford, and thus avoiding a lengthy delay to tho latter train. \ For the past fortnight Mr Raines, of Barker-: street, has been much surprised nnd concerned at finding in his stables hags, paper, and whip handles. Yesterday morning ho was so much perplexed that lie gave notice to Sergeant Salts' of what ho hod discovered— two bags, paper,' and a bull's oyo lantern — that appeared to indicate there might bo mischief on font. ! Ac cordingly, Sergeant Salts proceeded to mako air examination of tho articles, nnd also to make; inquiries concerning them. A book, with a known name written on it, was also found. The' result of his investigation was that two boys rroni tlio Lnuustrml bclinol, wlio arc located in: the town, under the eare of foster parents, took the whim of sleeping in tho stable instead of the homes provided for tlieui. It was considered; that this vagrant, wandering disposition did not forebode well for thoir future, and may add to their return to tho Industrial School. That medium for- starvation wages, tho muni cipal hoi-sa, cart and man contracts, cropped up at tho Ivoroit Borough Council Inst week, nnd tho record minimum wns tondurod by one Patrick Cusick at 4s 8d per day. Soniu strong remarks were made by Councillors on the subject, Or Hall contributing cho if forcible inelegant remark, "That it was not the price of a good big nigger dragging a gin case." All tho same tlio tender was accepted, and tho contractor thus succeeded in sweating himself to a degree that the much-almscd large contractor would never venture to suggest to bin men. In writing concerning Mr M. Davitt's recep tion iu Melbourne on Saturday, the.' Argus' says ;— Tho Trades' Hall Council have caught tho Davitt infection. They are all Irish. . Mr Prondorgast claims that his father was born in tho County of Mayo, and his mother in somo county adjacent. Mr Hancock's mother, most extraordinarily, was an Irishman. Aftor that " bull" wo are disposed to admit his claim with out further, inquiry. Mr Maloney's huSt hft'L wo learn, "is Irish," but thon at tho ond comes Mr Trenwith, who dcclarus that if ho isn't Irish, at least ho learned his trade from an Irishman - and called upon Mr Max Hirsch for . "a few remarks." . Tlio man who jumped off the Edin'a has been pretty well, identified us Joseph Moe, an em ployee on Glunfino station, Cape Clear, who had boon on tlio sproo at Bullurat, oamo to Mel bourne, and nftcr a long bout nf drinking, an nounced his intention, of procooding to Geelong. Soveral witnesses tostify that the hat of the man drownod appears to bo his. . A Barcnld.ine tolegram. states that an affray took place there on Sunday night. A number of men wore quarrelling iu tlio yard of the Union Hotel, when Oonstablo Stringer appeared and endeavoured to quell, tho disturbance. A man named Traoey said that ho would shoot him, and drow a "revolver, pulling the'triggor throe times. Ho was about to snap it again", when the by standers "seized tlio weapon and found that the revolver contained throe empty and three loaded cartridges. Tlio fourth cartridge would have ex ploded, being loaded. Tracey was arrosted. A statistician's latest. calculation is to the effect that tho proportion of railway passengors killed by accident, on tho line is in England one in twenty-eight.:millions,.in Franco one in nineteen millions, and in the United States one in two millions four hundrod thousand. Some people in making up their Income Tax schedules deducted not only tho wages of domestic servants, but the amounts of dootors' bills. _ A fow deducted the whole amount of. their insurance policies instoad of tho promiuins only. Monibors of the Transportation Commission connected with the Field Columbian Museum of Chicago will arrive in Melbourne to-day. They are on a journey round tho world for tho purpose of collecting information with rospeot to all means of transit adopted iu the different coun tries of tlio globo. Although grave doubts aro expressed as to tho ultimate sucooss of the village settlements, and the unemployed are no longer showing any strong desire to go upon tho land, Mr Trenwith, M.L. A., lias waited, on the Minister of Mines and asked him to set aside a small tirba of land for bootmakers who aro out of work nnd who desiro to settle on tho land.; Mr Foster asked tlmt. tho schume should be put in writing, and also the guarantee from the union to aid the men till they could do without the assistance of that body. If tlmt were dime he would eonsidor the proposal. The Publio Sorvioo Board bnvo considered tho oharge proforred against the sohool teaohor, Caleb Collyer, Btationed at Colno, of having had unnatural rolations with his own dnughter. Tho board hnvo found a Scotch vordict of " not proven" against Collyer. It is probable that he will retire on a pension. His Exoollonoy the Acting Governor will hold a 'levee' at Government . House on Friday, in honor of the Queen's Birthday, at a quarter-past 10 o'elook a.m. Gentlomen attending the ' levee' nro requested to appear in uniform, oflioial dress or morning costume, and to pro- vido tlioinselves with two cards 'with' their names legibly written thereon ; one card to ho left on the tablo at the entrance hall, nnd tho other to bo given to the A.D.O., who will announco the name to His Excellency. , " Sir Saul Samuel, tlio Agont-Gonernl for New Suuth Wales, considers that tho Sowel I - process of prosorving butter is: capnblo nf largo and effective use. It is stated that hy this prnooHs a saving in freight and freezing charges is offccted of L9 per ton. Some buttor exported from Mel bourne in November lust, has just boon opened, and was; found to be in first-olass condition.. 'Meibouriiq BdtqiiicqliGardbnti.'- s.Bnt to the Im-': porial Institute1 inimples j)f "fibres grown in the gardens'.?' . These are'.'nowr being analysed, and ir'F-. Ab.el,!.tIiqSeonjfayv'df.tho Institute, has 'forwarded a progress repqrtatqthe Premier on tho subject. The chemical4- examination of the fibres in tho laboratory of the Institute confirm tho expectations of Mr Guilfoylc ns to tho suit- ability of Victoria for tho production of fibre- yielding plants. Some.ofvtlio fibre, when niade- into ropes, is found, to be stronger than .Russian hemp, and tho- paper manufacture from" it is tougher than -Bank of Eng'and nuto paper. Some of it, how'over,twas rather iuforior,' owing to laid pveparatiqn.;-. ; / / , " A man named Harry Lorimer, an old resident of . Harriutville, who . wns lost on the Dnrgo high plains .whilst prospecting, has boon missing for nearly six weeks. - ; " ' .v The fishing boat- Excel, of Port Albert, is re ported to have ' sunk off the eiiirancb of Corner julet,. and two -fishermen who were in her tiro 'missing. They are; named Thomas Ghiss aud Olinrlos IVilkiiison. ' ..Tlio boat has' iieoii'4 re covered, with tho mast broken in' threo places; -John Leslio Jackson, ;a child ono yciif old, son of a farmer at North Hamilton, was accidentally scalded on tlio nock, chest aiid nrins, on Satur day evening. Medical aftendanee was quickly procured, hut the child died from injuries mid shock to the system. Tho Supremo Court at Sydney on Monday de cided to liuld special sittings. The Court is to ho held at an early date to deal with claims brought against the Government in connection with tho Redfern railway accident. The total miiquiit of claims for compensation sent in, txi date is L185,370. ; The Retrenchment Committee of the Ministry, have completed their, inquiry into the expondi-. turd of the Lands Department, and have ascer tained that about L16,000 can be saved, princi pally in snialL sums; aiid by -cutting down tho votes for parks and gardens. '' Admiral Mead, an officer of the United States navy, appears to have liueu publicly cpmplniniiig that lie wa3 hot permitted to attack the' British while thoy occupied the Niearaguiui port of Qorinto.a few weeks;ago, in order to.enfo.roe tho demand for an indemnity. The Naval Boarid has dealt smartly with Mead, ordering him to, retire from tho service. President Cleveland; proinply endorses the decision. It is not often one hears ' Punch " ' quoted in the pulpit, but. the Ruv J. J. Brown quoted him at the Wosloyan Church, Ballarat, on Sunday night as saying " If the. bishops would only cease discussing the word ' Catholic,' mid pay more attention to the far moro important word ' Christian,' the platform of Him who said 'thou shalt lovo thy neighbor ns thyself,' then Chris tian union might he attained;, but it never will while the Churches wrangle about words and an tiquities." The latest tiling in colonial industries is a fac tory, started in Ballarat. for the maiiufacturp-of indoor wilder games. This class of goods has nitnorto peon almost solely lnanulaccurea ny . largo and well-known firms in England, such as ' Jnquos and Co., F. H. Ayres, and othors, who ; have sent out largo quantities to this colony ; ; hut owing to the industry of Mr. SV; Owen, who : has gono to considerable : expense' in obtaining i the necessary material and machinery required, ! this class of goods is now manufactured in Bal- ' lnrat, and sent by him to all parts of tho colony. Purchasers can now obtnin ns good an article for : Is ns can ho obtained for tlio smnc money in ; England. The most popular gmnes played at ; the present time are ludo, bonslinw, halina, ; steepleolmso, old soldier, and Peter Coddle. Mr Henry Hodge, son of Mr John Hodge, of North Creswick, has returned to Croswick from West Australia. Ho says that in Ooolgnrdie tlio ' people are dying at a groat rate of the fevor, : and woro immediately buried, there being no time or material to mako collies with. In the Murehisou district a far better condition of affairs exists. M r Moran, the member for Coolgardio, makes himio very strong and timely remarks on tho flotation of West Australian, mines in London. He says ho knows of casos in whioh mines had beon bought from the vendors for L2000 or L3000. nnd sold by brokers to investors in Lon don for L20,000 or L30,000, the said brokers pocketing the difference. Ho does not believe that oue-tcniii T,f l !)'.' '-natal said to havo boon invested in West Australian mines has ever reached tho shoros of the colony ? Mueli indignation has been caused at Echuca by tho reported intention of tho Public Works Department to stop tlio town clock on the score of economy. The 'Courior' writes Somo lunatic is play ing the "ghost" stupidity again. He made his appearance before a young woman on Sunday night in one of tho dark streets of Ballarat West, and nearly frightened her into n fit. The "ghost" is '"described ns illuminating himso'f with phosphorus, and carrying about an illumi- nntod model of a coffin. His appearance is suffi ciently exciting and unpleasant to given very dihagroeablo sensation to nnyono meeting him. Either tlioro aro two fools at this game, or the one travels about a goud deal, for Soldiers' Hill, as well as Ballarat Suuth has during tho last few nights been infested by a !' ghost." A very good performance was made on Mon- dny oil "aliieyc'u built.. for two" by Mr W. ; Boyle, of tiio Add phi Hotul, Tnglewood, and his young son Charles, who is just three and a half ! years of ago. Seated in the " bi"' they left Inglowo'jd, 30 in'lus distant, w'th the lad as ' "stooring" passenger and tho journey was (says j tho 'Advertiser') completed in about four hours (allowing for intervals on route). The youngstor was so highly delighted with tho trip that ho 'wanted to mnko the return journey on Monday night, but bis pater thought tlmt " discretion was the belter part of valor," and deoided to re- : main in Bondigo over night. Day, tho privato trainer to tho Duke of Port land, who was despatched to Australia to take charge of Carbine to England, reports that tho horse suffered from spasm of tlio bladder at Colombo owing to tlio intense heat. Carbine's condition at one time was so serious that it was ! feared ho would die, but under Day's treutmeut, ; whioh consisted of tapping tho bladder, tlio horse gradually imp-wed, and has arrived in England \- in good condition. The woman. Annie A ngns, who wns mixed up with her brother Marks, in tho LntrobsBond tobacco robbery, Melbourne, was before Mr ! Justice Williams. His Honour said ho would pass tho light sentence of four months' imprisou- ; ment, i to date from tho day of trial, which i would roduoo tho actual term of imprisonment to three months. Miss Ethel Tumor's new honk, " Growing jUp," carries on that delightful story " Soven (Little Australians" — "slipping a little space of jyears." The volume may bo looked for in.Juiy lor August. The talented young writer has also | in tho press, a tale for older folk, although on- Titled " Tho Story nf a Baby." ' A London critic i says of this : " A graocful little story ; vory good iroading ; the ohnraoter of Dot, is very bewitch ing." ; Ward, Look 1V5 Bowdon will publish both books. . ' j Detootivo-sorgeant Oawsoy is now satisfied it that the human head at the Morgue is that of ItMichnel Miill.ery, ns was stated by the said I'iMulleryV relatives. It remains, thoroforo, still I unidentified. I - Mr Miolmel Davitt mentioned in the course of .; his lcctnro oil Monday tlmt Mr John Burns will probably be heard in Australia in the course of a ! yonr.- As a fact, Mr Burns contemplates a visit to this country in company with Mr H. W. j: Massingham, tho editor of the London ' Daily Ohroniolo.' Mrs Fostor, widow of one of tho unfortunate I men drowned by the inrush of water from the Yarra to the sewerage tunnel at Spnttiswoode, i intends bringing an notion in tho County Court ; ngainst the contrnotor, Mr Rnlib. for damages for tho loss of her husband.' Tho iifiiountolnimed | will probably bo L499. 