CURRENT TOPICS. A cheap excursion train will leave Tallangatta for Melbourne on Thursday next, at 9.30 a.iu., being timed to arrive in Melbourne at 8.7 p.m. 'l'ho through faro is 18s. Tickets may bo obtained up to uoou on Tuesday noxt. 'l’ho following notifications appeared in last weok’s Government Gazette: —Gold mining leaso awaiting execution.—1 Maher and J. Sirl, No. 3302, 2 acres, near Tallangatta. Licenses declared void.—J. C. Kcogan, lG2a., Dedurang, at licensee’s request; Jas. A. Wiekos, 912a., Jingollic, for non-payment of rout. Agl'icultural and grazing areas available for application at Uoechworth Land Offico up to 25th October:—Allotment 52, 912 acres, parish of Jingellic, for feited 82nd soction loasohold of James A. Wiekos. Mr. Crookc, M.L.O., has obtained an expression of opinion from the 22 shires in his constituency, Gippslaud Pro vince, as to tlio advisability of extending tlio hours of polling. Omeo and two others favor tho innovation, but tlio remaining 19 are quito opposed to it. It is probable that Mr. Crooke will move in tlio direction of making tho extension optional. The Border Post cites an instance illus trating somo of tho good work done at tho Albury Hospital. A man named Henry Andorsou, aged 50 years, who had boon a patient in tho Uoechworth Hospital for 17 months, sulfering from cataract, left thore to come to Albury to obtain medical advice. Ho was admitted to tho Albury institution ou tho 5th July last totally blind, having boon so for two years. Ho was operated upon and discharged on 8th October with his ‘ sight restored. Neodloss to say, Anderson is highly do lighted and grateful. Messrs. Peterkin and Jarman, J.P’s., attended at tho Tallaugatta Police Court yesterday. There was only one caso listed, that of John Campbell v. Walter Cadrnan; garnishco, Tlios. Martin. Com plainant at a previous court obtainod an or dor against dofoudant for T9 10s. 2d. and 5s. costs, and now sought to attach moneys in tho hands of tho garnishee iu satisfaction of that order. Tho court clerk said ho had received from Mr. Martin (manager of the Wallace Bethanga Mining Company) tho sum of £2 15s. 2d. and 3s. fid. costs. Tho caso was accordingly enterod-up as settled, Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, the world known. advertising agents, are about to open a branch house iu Perth, W.A., where all colonial newspapers will bofilod for public reference. A young man natnod John Thompson sustained a serious accident in a peculiar manuor a fow days ago at Mitta Mitta. He was engaged falling a tree, and by somo moans his aim was misdirected, the haudlo struck tho tree, causing the axo blado to strike him in tho neck, inflicting a nasty cut, which narrowly missed the jugular vein. Thompson fainted and had lost a lot of blood when a relative dis covered him lying on tho ground. The sufferer is now progressing favoia’dy. Wo acknowledge receipt, from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, of tho first number of “ Stoddard’s Portfolio of Photographs,” a publication which is being introduced to tho Australian public by tho Werner Publishing Compauy of Chicago. This is tho firm which made ns acquainted with tho scenory and splendours of tho United Kingdom under the title of “ Beautiful Britain.” Tho part now urnlor review comprises 16 beautiful views of famous citios, scones and wonders. It is a col lection mado by a noted American traveller and lecturer, John L. Stoddard, and each view is accompanied by a graphic descrip tion from tho pen of that gontloman. Tho work is to bo cosmopolitan in its scope, embracing scenes “from Green land’s icy' mountains to India’s coral strand.” Part I. contains a viow of Paris, showing seven bridges over the Soiuo; Anno Hathaway’s Cottage, England; Loch Katrine, Scotland ; Blarnoy Castlo, Ireland; a fino panorama of Stockholm, Sweden; Hoidolborg Castlo, Gormany, and tho River Necknr; Lucerne, Switzer land, showing tho lake and town; tho Graben, Vienna; tho statue of Columbus, opposite the railway station at Gonoa, and Milan Cathedral. Other views which are included in tho number are Tlio Garden of Gothsemano, Polestino; Botanical Gardens, Rio de Janeiro; Straw Cottages at Salamanca, Mexico ; On Indian River, Elorida, and a Group of Lapps, Norway. These charming glimpses of tho world are to bo issued in sixteen weokly parts, each part costing ouly sixpenco, or Sd. by post. By sending 10s. Sd. to Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, Melbourne, any person can havo tho complete sot (ono part each week) posted to any address iu the eolonios. The work is a perfect marvel of cheapness, affording as it doos “a tour round the world for sixpenco a wook.” When onco public attention is attracted to tho merit of this “ album of art and literature,” tho publication should havo an iminonso sale. A ^specimen copy may bo seen at this The lion, secretary of tho Eldorado Disaster Relief Fund has received £5 12s. collected at Dark River per Mr. J. T. Cronin. The Tallangatta Athenicum-hall was well fillcd last night, when Mr. Ernest Husking, the well-known society entertainer and spiritualistic exposer, gaye his unique enter tainment, entitled “A Peep into Spirit'Land.” Mr. Husking showed what a melancholy fraud tho so-called spirit manifestations were l>y which that past-mistress of spectral de ception, Mrs. Mellon, so egregiouslv hum bugged somo of tho leading lights of Sydney. Mr. Husking in his o\fn person produces the same spirit, forms by natural means as Mrs. Mellon professed to atomiso by supernatural agency. The manner in which lie accom plishes the undertaking of exposing the tricks of the spiritualistic trade shows the fino lino of demarcation between flio sublime and the ridiculous.-Mrs. Mellon’s exhibitions of spirit phenomena were dark, uncanny and mystify ing : whereas Mr. Hosking’s ghosts are jolly good fellows, whoso special mission appears to bo tlio provocation of mirth among mortals —in fact, tho best of spirits prevail, both on tho stage and in front. Tlio materialisation of the spirits of the well-known Mollonian characters, “ Cissie,” “ Geordie” and “ Josephine,” evoked roars of laughter. Tile wonder is how it is done, especially in face of tlio close scrutiny to which the performer’s “properties” are subjected by a number of gentlemen .selected from the audience. Jjast night’s vigilants comprised Messrs. Pcterkin, Macintosh, llobins and Thwuites. The per former was tied up in a suck and seated in a cabinet, tethered by tno strings tho free ends of which were held by two committee men. The cabinet was closed, the lights were lowered, and then tho ghosts walked. Tho lights were raised, tho cabinet was opened, and there was tho gentle ghost manufacturer in stutu quo, bugged and bound. One of tho audience was heard to remark that Mr. Hosking was a dabbler in the “ black art” and must bo in league with his satanio majesty. Mr. Hosking is a player of many parts, and in his musical moments and Ycntnloquial vagaries lie was highly diverting. Mr. Arthur Williamson gives an exhibition of his extraordinary proficiency as a pianist, his trick-playing—blindfolded, hands tied, with covered keyboard, and with his iioso—showing him to have a thorough mastery over the instrument. Ho is a musical host in himself. Altogether, the entertain ment proved up to the managerial promise of “ two hours’ genuine fun.” and is well worth patronising. The company perform at Cor ryong this (Thursday) evening and Saturday night; at Cudgewa on Friday, at Tallau gatta again on Monday, and at Mitta Mitta next Tuesday. Mr. John West, of Mooroopun, who last week entered upon a provincial lecturing tour, was announced to detivor his illus trated lecture, “ Australia’s Wealth and Progress,” at Tallunguttu on next Friday evoning. Mr. West has, howovor, boon obliged to caticol all engagements for tho present, owing to his having been pros trated by a sovero attack of influenza. Sir. Rowan, P.M., district coroner, on Saturday held an inquiry on tho body of James Opio, about 10 years of ago, who died at Bauer’s Victoria Hotel, AVodonga, on Friday. Deceased, who had been working at tho Bethanga mines, went to AVodonga last week, and placed himself under the treatment of a man named Matthew D. Wyatt, and refused advico from AYyatt to go to tho Albury Hospital. On Thursday evoning ho appeared vory ill, and AYyatt sent for Dr. Mackenzie, who, after proscription, told Messrs. Bauer and AVyatt that Opio would require evory attention. At about 5 o’clock ou Friday morning, Wyatt again called in .Dr. Mackonzio, but whou the latter reached tho hotel Opio was dead. Dr,. Schliuk, who had made a -post mortem examination, deposod that tho deceased had suffered from a numbor of internal complaints, and that tho iminodinto causo of death was ccdoma of the lungs, and a verdict was returned accordingly. ■’ Last wool: a number of surplus em ployes in various branches of tho Govern ment service wore oxamined with a viow to their admission to tho police forco, in which there will bo somo ;i0 vacancies at the end of tho year. Although 50 candi dates presented thomsolvos only 8 passed; tho remainder were rejoeted boeauso they had not tho nocessary physique or boeauso I of some physical ilofect. A largo pro portion of thoso who appeared at tho examination wore tolograph mossougers, but they had noarly all to bo sot aside through deficioncy in chest measurement. In order that others among tho surplusage of tho public scrvico may havo an oppor tunity of qualifying thomsolvos for tho polioo forco, it has boon decided to hold a further examination on 2!)tli October. If a sulfleiont number of physically eligible moil be not then forthcoming to fill tho vacancies the Chief Commissioner of Police will select from tho list of appli cants from outsido who havo already passed tho medical examination tho number requisite to complete tho forco. An extraordinary caso of wholesale murder, induced by suporstition, has boon brought to light in Sicily. In tho pro vince of Catania, a woman has been convicted of killing 23 children by poison administered in wino. Tho woman, it appears, lately lost two children, who died iu circumstances which induced her.to boliovo that they had been bewitched by cortain of hor neighbors, and iu revongo she set hcrsolf to destroy their children. An experimental shipment from Eng land of eggs treated by a now secret pros rvativo piocess was opened on Mon day by tho consignees, Foley Bros., mei chants, Syduoy. Two cases, each containing 4 dozen now-laid oggs glazed over with somo preparation and packed in paper, wore forwardoil as ordinary cargo. About 50 per cent, of tho oggs wore found useless, and tho remainder ouly good for pastry. Mr. J. B. O'Hara, tho principal of the South Melbourne College, has published a second volume of poems, the most important as regards length being the AArild White Man, an Australian tide,, which describes the advontures of a convict who sought refuge amongst the aborigines. The hook has been very well received by the critics in London, and will no doubt bo read with interest in, Australia. The dramatic power and vigor of tho writing of the late Marcus Clarke have greatly charmed Mark Twain, and iu For the Term of' lita Xittiirtil life ho secs a book that must, win for its author lasting fame. During his present lecturing- tour the gifted American humorist has lost, no opportunity of sounding tho praises of the young' Australian w riter, whose untimely death cut short a brilliant careor in the world of Australian literature. In tho course of liis last “ At Homo” at the Bijou Tlioatroke referred iu very high terms to Marcus Clarke's selected works published by subscription, and expressed hissurpri.se anil regret that, a hook possessing so many attractions should uow be out of print. It is interesting to learn, however, that this seomitig neglect is soon to he remedied. A cheap edition of the writings of the favorite Australian novelist will shortly bo brought out by his widow, and those who so far have only read of the sorrows and tho heart burnings of “good Mr. Dawes,” will at un early date he able to extend their acquaint ance with the author by securing at popular prices liis selected works, which wore originally issued at £2 2s. Messrs. Macmillan, the well-known Eng lish publishers, announce a volume of “ Old Melbourne Memories,” by Rolf Boldrewood, who sprang into fame as tho author of “ Robbery Under Anns.” Mark Twain told im interviewer at. Winnipeg how he often felt a desire to “ cut loose” from civilisation, and get away by himself where ho could run and yell to his I heart’s content. In this connection there is. a story about the humorist and Canon Kingsley. AValking along tho streets one day Mark felt the impulse to yell coming on him with irresistible forco, anil said to Kingsley, “I want to yell; I must yell.” Tho Canon said, “ All right, yell away; I don’t, inind.” “And with that,” said Mark, “ I stopped hack a few steps and, throwing up my arms above my bond, let out a war whoop that could be heard for miles, and in less time than you could count, Canon Kings ley and myself wore surrounded by a multi tude of anxious citizens, who wanted to know what was the matter. I told them nothing was the matter. I just wanted to yell and had yelled.” The AAbigga District Court was occupied the greater portion of Saturday hearing the slander action, Oliver v. Campbell, £200 being claimed. The plaintiff, Annie Oliver, sued Louisa Campbell for having told three persons that two of plaintiff’s children were not her (plaintiff’s) husband's. Defendant is a widow of a selector at Currawarua. PlaintilT’s evidence was corroborated by" fivo witnesses. In defence, defendant totally denied tho statement., alleging it was “ a put np job.” Judgo Forbes said ho had no doubt plaintiff’s testimony was correct, and gave a verdict for £100, with 15 guineas Furniture ! Furniture !—Poterkin and Co. arc now unpacking six railway tkuck loads, comprising chairs, tables, bedsteads, chests of drawers (in kauri and cedar), side-hoards, children’s cots, rocking chairs, sofas, wire stretchers, &c.;, &e.;, in endless variety.—Atlvt. 