CHAPTER VII. INSTEAD of enjoying the dreamless slum ber to which his day's work fully entitled him, Armatbwuite had not been asleep more than a quarter of an hour when he was half-awakened by certain dull sounds . in his ears which ho heard at first drowsily as if tiicy had been part of a disturbing '.Imam. But the sounds continued until bis dulled faculties apprehended that he was listening to a woman's sighs. This became gradually clearer to hiui until, convinced that ho was awake, he sat up and held his breath, on the alert for the least sound. The wind had gone down since the evening, but still from time to time a gust would sweep round the house, rattling the wiudow panes, rustling the ivy, and then dying away with a moan among the hills. Ho heard one such gust as lie sat up, staring with sleepy eyes in tho direction of the wiudow, through which, liowovor, there came as yet 110 light. Then, satisfied that bis drowsy senses had decoived him, he lay dowu again with already closing eyes. No soouer had his head touched tho pillow than ?once more, close to his ear, he seemed to feel rather than to hear a long, quivering Bigh. He put out his hands, fooling right and loft in tho darkness, bat they encoun tered nothing but the cool liuon sheet and the yielding surface of the eider-down quilt. Ho sat up again, and listening, heard noth ing but tho faint cracking noise of treo '?branches blown together by the wind. Then once more as his head fell back upon the pillow he heard the strange sound which bad disturbed him. The story connocted with the room came back into his mind, and, jis ho was not a person of weak nerves, it .quieted his curiosity instead of stimulating it. " Ghost-wind in trees!" ho murmured ..to himself; and as the sound continued at ..intervals it would speedily have lulled him again to sleep if tho sighs had not given place to words which seemed to bo whisp ered straight into his ears. "Who is it ?" he heard distinctly. Tlieu, after a pause: " Come in." He was half asleep now, he was sure ; and the weak but clear little whisper that buzzled on into his stupid ears-was'onG of those odd*dr«>~ * -partial consciousness which c * JC!I of fever, consequent upon ovor-fatiguo aud excite ment, sometimes brings. The tiny whisper went on ; he heard it quite clearly, though ' it bore hid at fit'st'iio "great meaning. " What is it ? Why have you come ? You frightened me I" Then a different voice, tbin, attenuated, but louder, said, " Frighten you, did I ? Well, you may be sure I sha'n't stop long. I want to know what you were telling that doctor-fellow while I was out of the room this evening, and what you meant by bring ing him here, and where you got him from." An o'ld dream this; Armathwaite turned liia head on the pillow, but still the soft buz zing voices went on, the weaker one speaking now. " I told him only what everybody oan see -that I am growing stupid, nervous, ill." " 111 I Well, it is your own fault if you are. You won't go out. Only the other day you were invited to The Crags, and " The Orags! No. It would do me no good to go there. Let me go away. Oh, Ned, Ned, let me go away 1 I am no com fort to yon, only a bnrdon to you. Try as I may, I am.nothing to yon. You will not treat me as a wife, or even as a sister. Ob, I have been trying for days and weeks to get courage to speak to you, to call back my old spirit, to insist on being treated fairly ; but my mind and my will seem to be ebbing away. I cannot tell what has happened to me, but I think I am-dying 1" The blood rushed suddenly to Armath waite's brain as these words, weak and faint but clear as a bell, came to his ears. He was not dreaming; he was listening to the plaintive outcry of a wife who felt, rightly or not, that she had been cruelly wronged. By what means this strange communication was being made to him he did not know, he had no leisure to guess. But he was con vinced that by an accident which he did not hesitate to bless, he was hearing the appeal of a woman who, as he began to thiuk, was the victim of something which looked sus piciously like foul play. He was on the alert at once, listening boldly with all his ears, not for an instant doubting now that by some agency he dared not name he had been brought to this house to use what wits na ture had endowed him with on behalf of a creature who was being ill-used. It was impossible to distinguish tones in the thread-like sounds which alone reached his ears. Bat the words told him that it was the man's voice he heard nezt. "Dying! Staff and nonsense ! Don't for goodness' sake try to make yourself out a martyr to my cruelty. What on earth have you to complain of ?" The answer came very slowly as if the words were ? dropped out one by one under the oppression of despair. "What-have-I-to complain of?" "Well, well, I don't pretend that you did not expect a different, sort of life from the one we lead. But circumstances " " Circumstances i What circumstances can justify a man for treating a girl as you have done me? I must speak-I must speak ; I will be quiet enough to-morrow, but to-night I am excited, my head feels strange and light-you must hear me now. .1 have something to ask you." "Well, what is it ?" " Let me go and see Dr. Peele." "Dr. Peelel What do you want to go .and see him for ? There is nothing the matter with you ; if you think there is, you can consult this young fellow Armathwaite if you like. I'm sure he takes a deep inter est in you, aud will prescribe you whatever you have a fancy for : that's the sort of doc tor you want, like all womon ; a good look ing fellow to f*el your pulse, and look into your eyes, and vow yoars is the most inter esting case he has ever come across. I'll apeak to him lo-morrow." "And I will" go to-morrow and see Dr. Peele." "But why? Why? Look here; be lioness, and tell me what you want to see Jiim for ?" >. Can von pretend to be surprised that I want to seo tho man who hits been my guardian and friend ever sinco lean remem ber? It is nearly three moulhs now sinco I have seen him, except that ouo day when you drovo mo over to Bnmksomo, and two or three times when he has called in for a few moments, and seen mo with you and Uncle Hugh. I have not had a talk with him alone since tho winter began." "What do you want to have a talk with him alone for ? It can be only for ono thing that yon want it-to grumble at the life you lead, or at me, or at something." " Ned, yon might trust mo that it isn't for that. Why, if I had wanted to complain, shouldn I have begun before? Did you over think what a strain upon mo my lift* has boon since the day I married you ? The moment I saw Lord and Lady Iyildonan in tho church that morning, and noticed tho obango in your face and the coldness of your hand as it touched miue, I knew that I had rnado a dreailful mistake, as cloarly as I know it now." " Nousense-all nonsenso ! I waa ner vous naturally enough. I hadn't known tlioy were in London, and I knew their coming meaut that I must give mymiud to some dry business or other, instead of to the pleasure a man naturally looks forward to on his wedding-day. Come Alma, I swear I never expected to see them that morning I swear it!" " I believe that; I always have believed it." " And do you believe it was my fault that I was sent off to Moscow that very day on Lord Kildonan's business ? Do you think that I should havo married yon at all if I had expected to havo to'go off like that at a moment's notice ? Yon know yourself how annoyed I was, that I said things which no employer but Lord Kildonau would have over-lookod," "I know all that; I remember quite well how they carried you nway with them, and I am glad now to remember that I had the sense and spirit to hate Lady Kildonau for it." " But you were hard and eold to me. Yon said'bittor things. You would not even give me a wifo's goodbyo. If you had been kinder then, I should have hurried back to yon, and everything wouiu Lave been differ ent." noi How could I bo tender 'and sweet to yon when I saw that every light word this lady said moved you more than my tears ? It was not in liumau nature to bear that-and on one's wedding-day! All the time you were away I was full of remorse that I had been hard, but I knew even then that yon had never thought about it. If you had, would you have stayed in Paris three weeks after your business in Eussia was done, with a brido waiting for you in England. Of course not." " But I was in Paris ou buaiuess, you know that, with Lord Kildonan !" " And Lady Kildonau. Ouly the poor old fellow unluckily let slip, in talking to me afterwards, that it was soma business of your own, and not his, wbioh kept you so long in Pans ! But I don't want, to go over the old ground f wearisome reproaches again. When you all returned together, you took me on to London with them : we did not even travel by ourselves. You told me a relation of yours was going to live with us, and when we got here we found Uncle Hugh, who has been my good angel and my consolation ever since. I wa8 wounded to the quick : and 1 frankly own that all the love I had felt for you when you were kind to me in London, and seem ed so passionately, feverishly anxious to marry me, died away out of my heart and left me only bitterly hurt and disgusted. But I was too proud to show it. You re member how I received your shame-faced, apologetic attempt at an explanation that first evening, when poor Uncle Hugh, think ing he must be awfully in the way, left us in the drawing-room together." " By Jove, I do ! If you hadn't treated me as if I hadbeen a dog, if you had made one appeal to mc as a wife to a husband, I should have taken you to my arms at once, and told you, what I solemnly Bwear to you now, that there has never been betwoeu Lady Kildonan and me the " Armathwaite could imagine the dignity with which she interrupted him : " There are some explanations to which a wife of years' standing may listen, which ought -never to be needed to a bride. " Well, you were old enough to know that you must take a man as you find him." " How can you complain 9 I listened to you : I made you the only promise which even at that moment you cared to ask that I would not let Dr. Peele know the circumstances of our honeymoon. I have kept my promise, and your place in his will is quite safe." " What rubbish are you talking ? The doctor's will ia nothing to me ; he's got his own wife aud daughter to provide for, aud I'm quite independent of him or anybody. I only don't want to hurt the old man by lettiug him know we have made a failure of ir." "Yet you gave the expense as the reason for selling poor old Grey Friar !" " Well, it looks ostentatious for you to be riding and driving about just like her Lady ship : and besides, I want to save. And you are not strong enough to ride since you have taken to these nervous fits." " You have forgotton, too, the dangers of the slippery roads " Anyhow, I've sold him, and that's en ough. No woman has a right, to pester her husband with qestions as to what he does with his own money : if he chosos to cut down any expense, or in fact whatever he choses to do, she must accept the fact quiet Ig as long as she is kept in comfort without haviug to work; and he does not treat ber cruelly." "That is really your view of married life ?" "Not under all circumstances, perbapB, though most men would even go BO far as that, I can tell you. But there is some thing in the way you look at me, the way you havo looked at mo ever tince we havo been in this house, so repellant, so utterly different from what any man has a right to expect, that I can tell you I would pass the night in the snow on the top of Skiddaw rather than an much as look at you." " I think that the fault of that must lie in your own eyes and not in my eyes, Ned. Gor if you would look at them, you would see as much sorrow for you as for myself. You aro not happy. For weeks passed you havo lookod harassed aud worried. It is uot only my eyes you avoid, but Undo Hugh's, Dr. Poet's, everybody's. Do you think I would havo submittod all this time with scarcoly a word to the humiliating pos ition I occupy, not a wifo and yot not a freo woman, nogleotcd and yot obediont to you, if I did not tool for you and pity you, aud shrink from giving you tbo loast annoy ance ? But we cau't go on like this : I think my very presonco exasperates you now. Lot mo go away-for my hoalth ; sinoo I havo grown so nervous and depress ed it will bo o:i*y to say that. Wliou you want mo not as a Rliadow to haunt the house, but as a woman to comfort and nurso you, if not as a wifo to love you, I will come buck-instantly. But I cannot boar the straiu of this life any longer. I must go." " No, no, you shall not, you must not." Those words cumo so rapidly that Armath waite could scarcoly distinguish them. " Wait, wait a littlo while, aud it will all como right. I will bo kinder to you, you shall soo Doctor Peelo, you shall do any thing you liko ; but you must not, shall not go away.." Theft? was a pause. Then camo tlio an swer to this ontbnrsj: in a vory woak voice. "Ned ! Ned ! what do you moan ? You don't enre for me-you almost hate mo. Why do you want mo to stay." " Why do you want to make a scandal ? For you know it would bo a scandal, what ever reason we might give. What would people-what would Lord Kildonan say ?" " Ob, Nod ! For Hoavau's sake don't let mo think you only want to keop mo hero for-that!" " Don't make a scene for goodnoaB* sake, and fill tho houso with wails and groans in the middle of the night 1 I only want to keep you here because it's right and proper and better for a wife to remain in tbo same houso with lier husband, whatever their mutual relations may bo. Nobody nood know that we are not tho most attached couple in tho world, if you wouldn't go about sighing aud making a long face like a heroiuo of opera. Look here ; promise mo you will stay here'until-until the winter's over, and then if we don't got on any hotter and if you think a change would do you good, you shall go away somewhere for a little while. There now, you've behaved beautifully all this time for the sake of Dr. Peele, that be might be satisfied you were happily married. Bear up to tho end for his 6ake, if you don't for mine. I tell you you are quito wroug ; it is not as you think; it is uot to keop people from talking that I want you to stay hero ; it is because I am harrasscd and overworked and driven, and if I am loft to myself here, tho Lord knows what will bocome of mo. For mercy's sake, Alma, stay till the Spring, and I will bo a better husband to rou, I swear it. Prom ise, Alma, promise." There was a long pause, and another of those quivering sighs which had first roused Armatliwaite from his sleep. Then a sound like a f'liut, heartbroken laugh reached the doctor's ears. " If I stay till the spring I sbtill get my change for nothing, Ned. I-promise." " There's a good girl, Now I know yon must be dying to get to bod. You look awfully tired. Good uight." " Good night." There was the sound of a brief, perfunc tory kiss, and in a few minutes a man's steps came stealthily along tho corridor past Armathwaite'n room. Again the doctor beard the long-drawn sighs of tho lonely woman. But be could bear it no louger. Understanding by this time that a commu nication had been established between the two rooms to allow the late proprietor of tho house to keep constant unseen watch over any one of his patients whose case rendered Buch a precaution desirable, he cut the com munication off by transferring the pillows to the bottom of the bed, where be pa-jsed the remainder of the uight without further disturbance. But he had little inoro rest. The astonishing revelations he had just beard, as well as of the acci lent by which they had just reached him; the emotions roused in him by the pitiful story, aud the startling problems to which it gavo rise, kept him wakeful until long after the late rising sun of a winter morning had filled His room with a dim and murky light. For to Armatbwaiie, who could not yet shake off the effect of tho unaccustomed and startling incidents of the previous day, this crowning experience of the night had a deeper significance than the actual words revealed to him. He believed, to begin with, with perfect sincerity that he had been drawn to this place by something more than a series of coincidences, to rendor help to a woman who was being unfairly used. In what this sorvice was to consist, how it was to be performed, he did not know ; but the belief made him look for mountains where, if his judgement had been less bi assed, he would have seen nothing but mole-bills. Therefore, instead of seeing in Lady Kildonan's determined and successful endeavour to keep husband and wife apart either a mad and jealous passion or a cruel and heartless caprice, he set about imagin ing what other motive she cojild have for what seemed to him to bo on the face of it barbarity too inhuman or folly too outra geous to be conceived. If Lady Kildonan had been so frantically in love with Ned Grosmout that the idea of bis marrying another woman was insupportable to her she would certainly, being clearly a lady of most determined will, have kicked over the traces of caste- prejudice and defiantly mar ried him herself; therefore, since she had not done so, there must be some motive other than jealousy prompting her to Ihis wicked and dangerous severance of husband and wife. On the other hand it seemed to Armathwaite a circumstance little short of marvellous that a woman of so much sense and spirit as Mrs. Crosmont should submit to the humiliation of living under the same roof with a man who not only denied her the rights of a wife even to the extent of treating her with open neglect aud discour teousy before strangers, but who was also under tho influence of another woman. Gentle and yielding as her nature might be, natural as her shrinking from the parade of her wrongs undoubtedly was, there was vet unexplained in the meekness with which, while feeling the bitterness of her position with a passionate warmth, she had sub: mitted almost too suddenly to the endur- ' ance of it for an indefinite time longer, i Roused to chivalrous ardour oil bohalf of this lady, tho young man rofusod lo admit ovon BO maoli of blamo to her fts a too ready submission would imply, aud ho in sisted on socking somo fault in the husband to explain what lookod liko want of solf-res pect on tho part of tho wifo. In tho midst of his reflations, howovcr, ho was overpowered by physioal aud moa tal fatigue, aud fell into a disturbod sleep, from which ho wag aroused at lmlf-paat eight o'olock sharp, by tho knocking of a housemaid at tho door of his room. It was difficult, in tho light of a bright January morning, to realize all the marvols which had < OJIO under his notico since ho lust saw daylight ; aud as ho hastily drosaed and heard tho sounds of ordinary lifo about tho house, ho felt moro vivid cariosity to see how tho porsonages who had tilled such dramatic roles by night, would look by day, than perturbation ovor imaginary crimes and mysterios, such as had agitated him before ho fell asleep. IIo was careful, however, to oxamine tho beadstoad, and found that it was fixed to tho floor closo to tho wall ; in tho oontro ofthe upright frame at tho cud of the bod was tho usual small embjssod iron ornament whero tho bar3 crossed ; This was exactly on a level with tho head of the sleeper. Iu tho middle tho ornament wag hollow, and behind this hol low was a holo in tho wall which proved, on careful inspection, to be covered with a grating of tho finest wire. This, Armath waito had no doubt, was tho openiug to a tube, or series of tubes which, iu days dat ing boforo the telophone, formedau ingenious means of communio ition with another room. He had just rosolvod, without much ueod for deliberation, to keep his discovery to himself, when ho heard another knock at his door, aud tho voice of Undo Hugh ask ing if ho was ready for breakfast. " My nephew hus to be out early, and so ho breakfasts at ci.jht," Mr. Crosmciut ex plained as tboy wont down-stairs, while'Ar matliwaito noticed on the way that tho up per floor was constructed on the samo prin cipal as the lower, with an irregular corri dor straight down tho middle from end to end, upon which tho rooms opened on oaoh side. " The littlo ono has nothing in par ticular to g«t up for, so she waits till the chill, is off the morning, and genorally breakfasts about nine. I divide my favours between the two, and havo my chop wish ono and my marmalade with tho other. Ned rather wanted to havo you pulled out for his breakfast, but I protested in tho in terests of humanity that you should be al lowed to rest au hour longer." As they came to the last step of the stuir caso, Mrs. Crosmont mot them, coming along the corridor from the back of tho house. S.lio lonked very fresh and sweet, and explained, as she took off a littlo shawl that was wrappod round her head and nock, that she had been to the stablo to see Gray Friar." " Ned's gone, I suppose ?" asked Mr. Oroemout. " OIi, ye3, long ago ! He's going to lunch at Tho Crags, and won't bo homo till dinner time," she answered, as she lor] the way to Ihe dining-room, where breakfast was laid. With tho morning glow, caused by her ruu^through the frosty air to visit her old favourite, still upon her cheeks, Mrs. Cros moxit showed for a few moments what nature hacT meant her to be-a sweet-faced young Englishwoman, with a healthy piuk skin, clenr eyes, that wholesome air of dainty neatness whioh is a special charm of the race, and a cortain radiance, not only of hair and complexion, but of expression, which was like soft sunshine. But Armathwaite had scarcely noted these things with admira tion and surprise, wheu-the glow began to fade, and the smile to disappear, and in a few minutos the dark rings of sleeplessness showed under her eyes, and the momentary vivacity died out of her manner. She was perfectly sweet and courteous to him, and affectionate to Undo Hugh; but nothing could have emphasized more strongly than did that little iuei.leufc, the difference be tween what sho was, and what gentle treivt ment would have made her. Both uncle and niece questioned Armath waite with muc.li interest as to his adventures iu the Dolly Varden room, and were dis appointed by his a33Ui-ance that ho had met with none. " I don't think I'm the sort of person even a well-authenticated ghost, would care to visit," said the young doctor, quietly, look ing down upon his egg. "If they've been ever so much ill-used, there is nothing one can do for them. I would rather save up my sympathy and my service for thoso liv ing people one somelimes meets, whose souls are all the moro restless foe being tied to a body whioh has no tme home." He was afraid to glance up immediately after this speech, lest Mrs. Orosmout should look coldly at him, conceiviug it to bo pre sumptuous. But when he did raise his eyes, while Uncle Hugh fulfilled his usual mission of making conversation when required, he again felt the magnetic attraction of her eyes drawing bis to meet them, and by the solemn kindness with which she looked at him, be knew that she was not displeased. As a matter of.faot, there was already es tablished between the three a sort of friendly freemasonry ; Mrs. Crosmont and her uncle having made the visitor free of tho guild of their own sympathy withiu a fe.v minutes of his arrival on tho preceding evening. They had left the breakfast-lable and -were standing at the window, looking through the straggling, thick-growing ivy at the snow laden evergreens, and at the hill on tho opposite sido of the lake, when Uncle Hugh suddenly stopped in the middle of something ho was saying to put his head on one side in a listening attitude. " Bells !" he snid : then ho added after a pnuse, during which a sort of dead calmness had fallen upon his niece: " Sleigh-bells." Nobody spoke again for a moment, until the jingling of the bells had come quite near and stopped. "Hallo!"' cried Uncle Hugh, in astonishment. " It's stopping here 1" " They are at tho gate," said Alma, quietly. Then in explanation she turned to her visitor: " It is Lady Kildonan-the wife of'my husband's employor. Yon will be glad to see her-she is quite a celebrated beauty." " I-I have seen her," stammered "Arm athwaite. In spite of himself the blood had rushed up into his face. As Mrs. Crosmonfc looked at him, he saw what seemed like a film of disappointment como ovor her soft oyos. Tho next moment slio was loading the way to tlio door, glancing at tho geutlemcu to follow ber. " Como," she Raid ; " Lady Kildonau is a quoon, and likes a full court." At that moment a maid ontorod and an nounced that "her ladyship'' was in tho drawing-room." They all Olod out, Armath waito fooling strangoly oxcitodat tho thought of sooing thoao two women faco to faco. Alma walked first, and had reached tho drawing-room door, talking as alio wont, wlion her powers seomed suddenly to fail hor, and falling abruptly into ailenco, she stood for a socond looking with intent, im ploring eyes, straight up into tho young doc tor's face. The uext momont sho rosumod hor aolf command, and signed to him to opon tho door for hor, as Lady Ivildonan's bright voice, siuging softly to horself, reached their oars. TO HE CONTINUED. Dixson's Conqueror never alters in quality. Smokers know this. If they aro tempted ofl it, they como back again. Why ?-ai. 