Ghost, When I was a lad of seventeen, I was _ .ioe :osj for'Pinkertcn'i. Philadelphia 'iel eianiid niaiust zildi-of course, to be touo.on a case. Every time the cap am goua new job I would slide up to him and say : "Cap'n, you'd better let me go out on that," and he would answer with a quizzical grin, "Not this time, Harry. o---Wait tilthe next case" Along in December of that year there -aaS great rush-of-business at our office. TV e'?ad fifteen detectives, all old experi enced hands, and they were on the jump night and day. We could not handle the business that was coming in, ;ud the cap taii i s .aiing out in fun from his piivate oflice; "I guness ell have to let you take the next case, Harry - \- .ardly had hlie said the words when the "door opened and'a raw -old countryman "-entered. He proved toi be'Joe Baylis, a lonitgome?y county justice of the peace, and he wanted the cantain to-send a man down with him to attend to a -ghost w-ho . wasa utting didos at Fort Washington. The captain toldi him he would send a man as soon as he had oneat his disposal. The old fellow left and I jumped to my . feet. "Captain,". I-said, "send me on the \- "The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at me hard. " See here, Harry" ·-' ,he said, ' iuppose qsnitdyo what \- -would yodfio i".- . - -I outlined ..i'eryelabo?te campaign ag-ainst the ghbe-- ife I31 te efinish and S.then said " Yiou'datae aconufounded ass Sof yo0seli; noi, woldni't yon? You'd make us the laughing stock of the towi,. ~ow li?ten, luie he~ie t placeHalewas baeir_. in mind there is.uo s-uch thing as a ghost "[f1 d jyou tou ort WashVugton, got here wthli?at ifea ini your ?id There is no si`such thing as a ghost. li you see thie glist'aitd'get nfOr flhod i,'?-ui lifor'it It -'~will?tauin -out t.`t e a- human. bteing--.no \- doubt of that. o ow,' il let you go and tryyour hand. Ifyon see the ghost and h :in? ? oui ain't ha?drle itie lo. and fullowv "ii a'idfsee'rho it isr Thelaiptiin gave e mone}y ani away-i Sht.:- .1 felt pretti bsii-e, for it was broad daylight then, out there were times when -I-wished.myself wellout of the thing. -I gpt toFort Waslhingtoo.about three dclocl ?ad iiju?fed the war to thy: haunted house froi m the st? u a?-?0 I found it. on a '-hilllabout half a iii?e'from the trwn, and lboked it over 'with iiteret. and1 apprehen sion. It was an old whitra. faue rnanfaion standing in Park-like bgrounds with plenty of outhouses aut it. Some countrymen whom I met, told?l.e that the ghost was in the habit of standing on top of the broad -stone wall that skirted the roadway There was an outhouse -so situated that any oue concealed in it could overlook the whole stretch of wrall from end to end, and Inmade .up my mind-that this was the place for me to get into before the ghost made its appearance. Then I went back to thi lhotel, took my supper and chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. I learned that it first appeared about three weeks before iny arrival *t- A na-ua namedt? IcTanid, ai -ignorant farm hand, was the first peron to en counter it. He wiraeoming to. the towin one night frotu the gris? itill with a sac_ of meal on iis back, and paused for i mifoment in front of ithe ohl house to set the bag down on a stump and rest his ahoul-ldr. He heard a ro;ne behind him I Suslturniug round saw.-tauiding on the wall a figure he afterwards said was fifteen Sfeet high. atlt. He did not. stop to obseive the figure very carefully, ihpoh; -but ran as hIit as knew-hoirw don the. rad.i - ?e?it u"hta picry of men-saw the 'ghost and they ao''ran. They said the ghost madle;after them breathing fire and brimstone and acting in apeculiarly weirrd and unholy manner ,Afterthat the house was atoided at night, but several strong Lieais Qofnniied nludding tihebelect nien of the town, saw the ghost from a respectful .distanue it aglirodiached tihem in each' 'e"ase; and in each case they took to theiri -heels. - About dusk I stole down to the deserted house. and it was dlark when I got there.: I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in and shut the door Hardly had I shut the door when I knew \- that there uatsome other person in that outhouse. I feltsure there was somebody close to my elbow. I was trembling like a lea lhiitl u :;ged to pull a match from mofv oI-ibt afitl strike it. Iheld it up. It showed me a big white muffied figgure not two-feet away-. "Then-the' match went' out. Was I scaredl- .- .. . T Well, now, I should say so. There are some people who laugh at the idea of a man a's hair standing on ejd. They say it is a physical impossibility, but i know betfer.: -I could- feel my hair rise rightup and lift my hat, and my.flesh crept. But -I had to jump. I shut my. eyes and graboed for the ghost. I was so frightened '-I seemed- to lose conscioisnes- for a moment, but grabbed something and' held on. When the first shock passed I felt the ghost tugging and pulling ,to get away fr?mn me. It seeted as badly frigh tened as 1 wans, and its hands were soft nd "Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. -i -,lhd no voice .to reply, with.- Ivas choking, but I pulled my captive out on the lawn and looked at it ieL,the moon light. The teet th .aihd?i.,ia muffled about th~ figure, fell. to 'the dri?u-gd-?-a pretty girl ofi 15 wa s -disclosed. I- Tras :in a cold perspiration and shalkin?g as if recovering from a shock of electricity,-but ·rher ,I sraw -that I had cai·ght a ieal genuine flesh and blood girl, and no-ghost, - -lbeganto feel better and prehently wase able to tallk. - W- .-..? ho are-you l' he asked. S-" Jennie BarLihs' -Whati the d?ighter of Joe Baylis?' S"Yes, sir' T?What are you doing this for 1" The girl began to cry'- he said she had not mean- any harm. She and her aister had played ghou j0st to have some \- fun. Her sister was usually with her, but did not come thLs night, a-s -he was too busy. She had heurd from her father that a detective was comiung to catch the ghost, but thought he was not dlue for a Sday or two, mud resolved to mike one last Sa-pearance and then give up the perfor mance till things calmed do;n. 'Who are you i" she aked. "I'm the detective, I said. She looked me over in evident awe anu -.consternation, tinged with some surprise .- on accountof nmy age. "What are you going to do with me 1" a I shall have to expose you n' \- The girlcried again and begged to be released and allowed to go home, but that didnot suit me at all I said she was my prisoner and as such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and after a good Sdealof waiting, she suggested that I had -bietter give her up to her own father. I \- greed to that, and pickinig up the sheet, I held her arm and took her. with me to \- Will. you eat a philopoena with me, Miss Enmily" " What if I lose?. " Thtn I win a lk~iss." "And ifIini ' "Thea I iaie to -: kiS yoe _- - - harfaa-teri~i's nn<=^on had a iln fisntit r t Wi*" mi'Lt t hlail. yuuligU have been -ilIlaiLJi* 4 b-a,.hle peoplo you fright ened.T'-I askE --- I ' No, sir;;, nn.vr thought of that. .Jrverybody whosa. meic ran away." " 1lIen we- got to the farnm-ho-se where Jeiuie lived itwas half-past nine o'clock. Everybody was in bed and the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window' opened and a man's voic said : . - - . W ho'sthere P" " 3e.", "Who's me' -.. The detective."....... n - Yore rather late. Why didyou nm wait till to-morrow ? Better come roundni and see me in the morning." ' . S- " I r:ani- to see you now. I have the homist." .: v- "'" . . SAt-this the window was closed with a ba"ug, and I heard hurried steps on the stair .-" - The door openedand old Baylis stood is the doorway. He was draped in a very iohg old- fashioned white gown and wore a tali steeple-shaped night-cap. one hand help .up a tin candlestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweep in' under his chin from ear to ear made him look very comical H1b looked at me in: astonishment atid when he saw his daughter aind.the sheet I thought he was going into convulsions. ""Yon, Jennie ?" be asked at length. -"-Yes,- father," said Jcnuie vcry humbly. I ." " Oid Baylis:sighed and said "Come in... S1e sent for thie neighbours imnimediatel v. I don 't2now..hat 'was said at their meet ing, for I was not admlinittel to i, but old Baylivs ave noa-a letter t, tlihe captain and packedtne offon the midnight train. Next morning I .reijched the btfice arly and found all the mien present, waiting for the capitainid detail theui.- The men grinned at me anud passed the time of day plea saitly eiougi.- * . oThe-aHl knew where -had "een and-" anticilpated a woindeful tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at, .-lthough. .1 was a.svourite with them, havingllone "uauy a iyiece'of extra work. for every man theri . - "-. I tliou-ht 1 sent you toi 'ort Washing ton. lisatrrit' said thle-captain. " Yes- sir." " Hade an ass o' yursef," I suppose? i "'iher?e a lctter, sir." - While the caaiitan read the letter the limn guyed me. \- This is a very nice letter, Harry," saidi the calt ptain "Boys, the youngster cap-. tuiaedl the ghost." - : - "Did ic t, S'id the men. " Yes, sir, hI l did. ' The boy is a crediti to us," and then'the calptain read thai letter of the selectmen du£ loud. At i every sentence I grew a fpot. *• '. " Well, how didyou 'do it '-et-everal. inquired. -'- "." . .... SI told' the story,~and-on may be sure I 'did -ot retfraitn "from giving myself plenty of crc'lit. ".My tale was very: highly coloured. . When it was cou-' cluded, ILong Jim Lan'gd6odrawled out: '"Hairy, teiltthe honesttruth. Was you frightened when- that-match went out " - - "N'o,'of course riot," said I. But I was frigitened two years later, when I asked the ghost ti marry me, and I thought she was gois- .to say no. How ever, she mdin't-" Texas Smftings." 