CHAPTER IX, Presently from across the common, up from the village hollow, sounding from the high old ivy-covered Roman tower came the first heavy boom of tbe midnight bell, reaching us as it came up from the midst of generations of dead in the churclyard below. Boom-m! it again rang out, and it seemed as though the huge hammer had struck the walls of our own hearts sending its vibrations into overy cell of our young lones, and tetween each globule of b1cod in our veins, almost causing it to stand still and cease its circulation. Boom-m-m ! again with intensifying effect, crowding the blcod into our hearts and almost emptying our brains. Could we sit out the nine more beats which we knew were to follow and face what might come in the meanwhile ? The torture of those few actual seconds I shall never for get if I live to be a hundred. The last stroke came, and when the sound had dis solved away in the midnight air our heads were as though the roots of the hair had fairly dried up. We eat on thus for some fifteen minutes longer, then we began to question each other as to why we had been disappointed ? Perhaps the a'arm at the door had dis pelled the power of the ghost for the time being, or perhaps in some way it was cognisant of our quest, and would not put in an appearance to help the solution; and again, it might not be i s proper night for visiting the slot where it had quitted its earthly habitation so unexpectedly. Ap parently all our preparation and our watching were to be of no avail, for the ghost came not. We gave over expecting it fLr that occasion, and moved that we resort to our stone bottle to revive our own spirits, as the spirit we waited for wouldn't core. We, therefore, adjourned to our larder in the ktchen, re-lit our darknse evader, and after a much-needed refresh ment proceeded to carry out the scound part of our programme of operations. We had arranged in the event of such succeos as had attended our adventure so far to thoroughly explore the lower regions whence the nreturnal sounds proceeded, feeling assured there must be some cause which would account for the steps coming and going always in the one direction, and as we made cur descent into the vault like atmocphcre I could n t help blaming myself for lyving so long on the spot with out having made some effort to lue date the mystery before. There were three cellars; ithat to which the staircase led was generally used for garden purposes, storicg early tubers, etc, having a natural shelf cut in the firm ground and running round three sides of it. There was also a wise and a coal cellar. The scil all round and beneath us was gravel, indeed the whole hill was of this formation to within two feet of the surface. We passed the light to our nervous young friend, and proceeded to sound the soil and otherwise prosecute our search. We had not been long at this occupation before I thought there was a resonant sound after a blow from the head of the pick, but as we deemed it hardly sufficient to guaranteo further effort we passed on to the other portions. Nothing seemAd to repay us for our trouble, and presently we had worked round to the spot which had already ar rested my attention. Upon sounding again we certainly noticed a different sound in response to what had followed a similar tral elsewhere, and we resolved to olen up the earth for what we might find. This spot was but a yard away from the foot of the staire, and the lay of the slight rever berations ;oumed to be parallel;withjthe natural shelf before referred to. We went to work in good fashimn, one picking, the other using the shovel; thus we went at it for about ten minutes, by which time a goodly mound of gravel had been dis placed. Taking my turn again with the pick I jumped into the hole and comn menced to loosen still more deeply, when the first blow of the pick stuck into some thing more solid than gravel, and was temporarily held fast. We worked with renewed activity,finding the obstruct ion to he a fairly wide plank or piece of scantling. A few more minutes sufficed to expose the full length of the plank at about two feet below the surface, and as it laid the re it was very suggestive of a coffin. It was not this, however, but it might have been used as a substitute, and dreading what might be below we gently used the pick to prize it up. (To be continued ) 