SCRAPSFitQM HOMEPAPE The Queen will remain in the Highlands until the middle of next month. During her drives she occasionally visits the ex-Empress Eugenie, who is staying at Abergeldie. The Empress Frederick is expected at Balmoral. One day the Queen patronised a travelling circuB The marquee was pitched near the Castle, and Her Majesty, who witnessed the perfotmance from her carriage, was accompanied by the Duchess of York and several grandchildren. A general invitation having been given to the servants and tenantry, there was a large audience. The Queen is said to have watched the acrobatic feats with interest .applauding the performers. Arrangements are being made for the Queen's visit to Continent in the spring. The Qoeen has given directions for the room in which she was born, to be specially doce np, so as to present the exact appearance it did seventy-six years ago. When the King of the Belgians returned; to his hotel in Paris he asked two TwyifouteiSe whatthey were waitingfoir, ' To see the King, * was the reply. ' Oh, that is not very interesting,' Baid his Majesty, as he passed in unrecognised. Mr Gladstone's work, on Bishop Batler, upon which he is engaged, will tend tc three volumes. Forged specimens of the ex-Premier's post-cards have been palmed off upon American tourists and others, finding ready purchasers at 15s each. A Welsh farmer, named Jones, has celebrated his 101st birthday. He walks without a stick and reads without glasses. He has never entered railway carriage in his life. Should be survive another five years he will have lived in three centuries. It is suggested tbat a Bill should be in the Commons next session with * view to check the oatput of 'penny dreadfuls.* A man-carrying kite has been succesfully tried by the militaiy at Ipswich. Five hexagonal kiies flying at varying distances apart on a cont nuous line raised a man fifty feet into the air. The Midland Company give £200 a year in prizes to encourage.the cultivation cf flowers at railway stations cn their 2,000 miles of rail. The first prize has been awarded to the stationmaster at Matlock Bath. The *' bicycle face,'' an expression indicative of nervous disorder, is a symptom now commonly known to medical men who attend cycIistB. Football has become such a craze that employers complain of their men absenting themselves from work. Some employees in the Midlands actually proposed that they should be allowed to work cn Sunday at the mills, in order to be free to attend football matches on Monday. The football fever has got such a hold of the Birmingham boy tbat a local paper says boys introdcce football editions cf the evening paper* into their classcs at Sunday Echool, and discdss the previous day's play during the lesson. For tht first time women are just now being employed in the loading and unloading of vessels in tLe London docks. An old Australian convict ship—a floating ship of horrors—is on exhibition in the East India Docks. Some cf the cells contain wax models uf the notorious criminals who formerly occupied them. The first experiment of bringicg live meat to England from Australia has not been & success. Many animals died daring the eea passage of 12,000 miles, and the others were landed in an emaciated condition. Twins have been bom to dwarfs who have been on exhibition in Wales General and Mrs Small. The bosband is only thirty-five inches in height, the wife being even small in stature. A mother walked eleven miles to a Blackburn church to forbid the banns of her fifteen-fear-old daughter. She arrived late, and was greatly distressed on being told that the banns had been published for the last time. The vicar, however, accepted the objection, and stated that he would iefuse to marry the couple. A Paisley 'spectre* turned out to be a white sheet with a small boy and a lantern behind it. A ghost scare has been csused at Halesowen by the photograph of a house which was supposed to reve&l; the apparition of the lady who died therein a few months back. 