[?] JJ ' t/t 4 11 THE : I STEAM CASE I AT \ ST. ALBIN'S We wore very busy at St. Albans Hospital. Nurses and doctors were bard at work from morning till nigbt, and from night till morn ing again. The severe winter was brine Ino its usual accompaniments of starvation and sick ness. Hard times and bad living were working havoc among the poor ; the hospital was fail to overflowing. An unusual number of casualties, at the same time, brought stretcher after stretcher to the accident room. The great clock over the entrance was just striking six as I threw my shawl round me and hastened off across the grounds to the dis- fensary. Running quickly through the enow, soon arrived at the door, and was greeted by the customary grow) which awaited late comers. "I am sorry I am late in coming for the stimulants," I 'said, as soon as J could get my breath. 44 1 could, not leave the wardbefore. Let me see, six ounces of brandy for No. 20, and little No. Ifl's port wine ; that is all, X think." 44 Anything fresh this afternoon Nar.se Daaton ? ' inquired the dispenser, as I busily packed the bottles into my apron pocket, in order to have my hands "free for ray shawl. 4 Nothing for us," I answered. \4 A bad case has just gone up to 4 Mary ' Ward. A poor young fellow was bronghtin this after noon, found dead in the snow— good even ing," and I set off again across the white ground, 44 Off duty at six,' I said to myself," as I went. 41 1 would not go off, only I am so tired, and sister says I must." At the door I encountered Norse Flamming, my chum and fellow-nurse, just emerging from the. ward, accompanied by two women, one of whom was weeping bitterly. 4< Oh, dearie," exclaimed Nurse as. soon as she saw me, 44 1 am so glad, you are come,. This is the wife of poor No. 12 who died this morning ; she wishes to see him. 1 know you are off duty, dear, but do yonmind taking her ? I've just got a fracture in, and Mr Hooper is waiting to attend to it ; thank, yoa." I nodded a cheerful acquiescence, and she turned back to atteno to her many duties. Taking the women with me, I went to the room of the porter who kept the mortuary keys. With many growls he lighted his lantern and prepared to accom- pany us, as he was in duty bound to do. He was one of the many male officials of St. Alban's who considered it right to be as dis agreeable as possible to the nurses whenever they required his services, so I took no notice of his murmurings, but devoted my attention to the poor woman at my side. While she was telling me of the many virtues of her late husband, and of the dark fntnre in store for herself and her eight children, we arrived at the door of the mortuary. Leaving us standing there, under a lamp which projected from the wall, and which the porter lit from the flame of his lantern, the man entered alone, in order that he might bring forward from the large mortuary the particular body we wish to see ; presently he opened the door again to admit us. _ The door by whioh we entered led into a tiny chapel. It was here that therel&tives; of the deceased looked their last upon the pale, set faces of their departed friends. The body about to be visited was wheeled on a light trolly into the chapel, which was kept very clean, and daily re-decked with white flowers. As we entered, the porter stepped outside to do something to the lamp, whioh did not - burn properly, while I went forward with the women, and gently turned back the sheet from the poor dead face. The two women were too much absorbed— — the one with her grief, and the other with her sympathy — to take any notice of me ; so I, remembering a poor little waif who had died in my arms a day or two before, and thinking I should like to see him again, for I had grown to love the little, motherless creature, picked up the lantern from the floor, and went in search of my little patient. It was seme time before I found him, and after imprinting a kiss on the small, pitiful face, I went to look at the new post-mortem roomr which had lately been finished and which I had not seen. I was walking round, the light of the lantern gleaming weirdly on the white tiles which "lined the walls and floor, when I suddenly heard a door bang. Without knowing what had happened, 1 shivered with apprehension, and my flesh crept uneasily. In a moment I bad flown through the mortuary and into the chapel. Too late ! Hie .door was shut, and all was darkness I In a moment I knew what had happened ; the porter, supposing that I had gone and left the vigil ore to him, bad turned out the gas, locked the door, and gone away with them; Oh,ifc it was too horrible! I beat on the door with both my fists! I raised my voiceina fear- fid scream, but that was worse than the awful silence, for the hollow walls took up the sound, and the mocking eoho came back to me, as if the dead were shrieking in their piP<xai i X sank on my knees on the damp atone aad covered my face , with my bands The building stood far away from any j the blustering wind would prevent my voice being heard even had I the oanrage to shoutagain, which I had not; no one wonld bftin tlm grounds in such weather as jfchiei I should not be missed. lo the wardJ shonld'be Supposed, being off duty, to be in my own room. Norse Fiemming, missing me from the supper table, would imagine taut I \ f . v, had gone to bed, and womiprobably retire without, as she thought, disifcrbin& roe. Whafc> should I do ? What could I do ? Ttf rsmam there all night seemed impossible, yet bow much more impossible to get away. I had. always been accounted among my fellow- nurses as the most courageous, and I fear I had been wont to boast that nothing could frighten me, but I had never dreamed of any thiug like this. To sit among friendly faces in the daylight, or beside a cheery fire, was one thing. To be forced to spend a night alone with the dead, was another. At length I gathered sufficient courage to turn round and try to realise my position. Oh, how Ienviea those fortunate mortals who, in moments of dang errand dread, can quietly faint away into calm unconsciousness, ; to recover their senses only when the horror is past. If I could only lie down on that cold floor and sleep. Aye ! even if it was the sleep that knows no waking, how gladly would I have done sou- Anything rather than remain terror-stricken with these dreadful com- piniona. -.--I glanced at the lantern ; how long would it burn? Oould I depend on its light lasting till dawn? I looked at the trolly, with ite cold, still burden, then, with a mighty effort, 1 crossed the Chapel, and seizing the end of the ahaetly carriage, whirled it into the large mortuary. With as much strength as my arms still possessed, I sent it into the darkness, and flaw back into the dimly-lighted chapel, closing the door behind me. j Now at least I was alone, with nothing more unearthly than white flowers, and a large ebony cross, which hang against the wall. Sinking down into the corner most remote from, the inner door, wrapping my shawl closely round my shivering shoulders, I placed the lautern beside me; and strove vainly to think of pleasant things. I tried to think of the ward, with its cheer ful fire and rows of beds with their cosy red rugs ; of the fun wa had had at Christ mas with the children and the Christ mas tree ; ot home, with the dear faces I hoped to aee when the summer came, aud with it the long-anticipated holiday. But all in vain ! My eyes would keep glancing round at tfie horrible door. My ears would strain themselves to listen for sounds from that silent room. Oh 1 1 should go mad ! I could not bear it ! How wicked ! how crnel ! that no one came to seek me. What was that ? The great clock at the entrance was striking. One ! two ! — but, . no seven ! eight ! then silence. Only eight o'clock 1 Only two hours since I rau through the gar den to fetch stimulants ! Almost involuntarily I slipped my hand into my apron poeket. Yes, there were the two bottles, carefully wrapped round with my handkerchief, as I had put them. For moment a ray of hope darted across my mind; surely, wnen the bottles were missed from their place, inquiry would be made, and I should ba sought for. But a moment's reflection brought back the old despair. I t was not an nnheard-oi thing in those busy times for the dispensary to be for gotten until the door was locked and the dispenser gone. Mixtures and medicine would be left on the little shelf outside, but not the stimulants — aud Sister, with a sigh at ths forgetfulness of her nurses, would serve the patients from tbe stock bottles, and no thought would be direct 3d to me. Whether I fell asleep or not 1 have never since been able to determine, but when I roused from tbe semi-consciousness into which I bad fallen, several hours appeared to have elapsed. Instead of tbe dim light of the lautern at my side, the chapel was flooded with silver moonlight. In spite of my thick shawl, I was fearfully cold and cramped with, lean ing so long against the chilly stones. I was aware that something had roused me ; some thing besides moonlight and discomfort. A glance at tbe skylight overhead showed me the moon sailing calmly through the dark, bine vault of heaven, surrounded by fleecy clouds ; and', even as I looked and listened, the great clock struck two. For nearly sex hours 1 had lain unconscious in that awful place. The fact did not tend to bring me comfort ; I felt tick and ill, my limbs ached ; ths black cross, touched by the moonbeams, loomed dark and awful against ihe white wall. iOh, to die and forget everything ! What was that? A sound ! — across ! Oh! Heaven! coming from the other side of that inner door ! I had risen to my feet, but now I sank back, frozen with horror, into the sheltering corner. For a few moments silence, then it came again. I listened— a low, long moan — but to my confused brain it was not the hollow, unearthly groan of the stage ghost such as we are wont to associate with rattling chains and lurid blue fire, but rather the groan of a human creature in pain. As soon as this idea took, possession of my weakened mind, my courage returned. All my nurse like instincts came to my aid. The thought tbat a living human being was near,, much more a fellow-creature who needed help, filled me with new energy, mid I rose and took np my lantern. What I expected to find I barely know i perhaps some workman who had been assistieg with the new building had fallen asleep, or been overcome with drink, and shut in, like my- selL through misadventure. How bnprobablc a theory this was did not, fortunately, occur to me nntil long afterwards, and I. opened the door and looked into the dark interior. At the sound of the opening-door the groan ing ceased, and for awhile I stood uncertain which direction to take. Presently a movement at the further end decided me, and X made my way slowly round the stone ledges, casting the light of the lantern, on the ground as I went. No eign of a' human figure eould I see. No British workman's recumbentform gladdened my eyes. 1 stood still, in perplexity. Oh; heavens 1 "what was that ? Close heside me, not yet placed in a shell, but lying on the stone slab, lay a long, still figure. Still. ! Oh, horror !_ As I looked, unable to stir, X saw the white sheet that covered it move — a long, thin hand pushed itself from beneath and almost touched me. AU my forlner ex perience was nothing to this. In a moment the fingers had pulled the sheet from the face, and a pair cf dark eyes gazed into mine. How'long I stood thus I shall never know. -At length, a long, quivering sigh horn the pwhite lips called me to myself and I gathered bondage to bend over and touch the prostrate fotfhi. Enough ! The spell was broken ! I that this was no time to hesitate — no to give way to womanish fears. I took cold hand in mine. 44 Do mot fear," I said, in as calm a voice as I could command, 44 1 will do all I can for you," and taking the shawl from my shoulders I folded it round the shivering form. Instinctively I remembered the bottles in my. pocket, and drawing them forth dropped a little brandy between the chatter ing teeth. After a while the returning color in the lip», the increasing warmth of the limbs, told me that my efforts had not been in vain. Ob, if I could only summon aid ; but that was impossible ! If I could keep Ufe in my companion, my patient, until help . arrived. Fortunately my shawl wag a large, warm one ; fortunately, old No. 20 had not got his brandy, bnt I had it safely here. 44 Where am I? " asked the .man, as he looked round the dim place, his face fall of surprise — and no wonder, for his surround ings had, to say the least, an unusual appearance. I did" not think it wise or neceesary to explain matters more than to toll him he was m St. Alban's Hospital, and would soon doubtless be well. He told me what I had already guessed, that in travel ling on foot through the snow he had been overtaken by intense fatigue, and being un able to overcome the drowsiness be knew well might be fatal, be had fallen asleep. 44 It's a wonder I'm not dead," he concluded, and I made no answer. I had beeu so absorbed in my work that I had taken no account of the hours as they went by, until now I heard the clock ring out Eix ! Ob, ths joy of that eound ! We kept early hours at St Alban's, and at six o'clock we were expected to rise. I should be missed, sought for, and found ! I was shivering and sick. Tae man had fallen into a dose, from which I could not find it in my heart to rouse him, lonely and miserable as I felt. Oh, how cold it was ! My thin cotton dress was scanty covering from the icy air. How long would it be before they found me ? Would they seek long before they thought of the mortuary ? Would they think of the mortuary at all ? How all these thoughts tormented me, chasing each other through my aching brain until, at last, a sound of a key turning in the look — the voice of my dear nurse aud companion saying in be wildered tones, 44 She cannot be here, porter." Then the whole place spun round, and I saw and beard no more. It was long before I returned to my work. Pneumonia set in, and tor weeks I was too ill toleave my bed. Tenderly was I nursed, and much was I praised for what they were pleased to call my bravery. My patient, I learned, bad recovered, and was full of gratitude for his strange rescue from an untimely end. The case of 44 suspended animation " was much talked of among the doctors, mid the medical papers took it up with interest. 44 You saved his life, you know," said the nurses to me, apparently to console me for my unpleasant experiences ; and the patient himself has loldmathe same thing ft hundred times since that day, for I am now his wife. — "Strand Magazine" 