FEDERATION. The ' Sydney Morning Herald ' says : — No one can accuse Sir James Patterson of displaying unreasonable Impatience iu resolving to come up to Sydney to see for himsolf what tho Govern- ment of this colony is doing or is likely to do in regard to federation. Nor can it bo snid that Sir James shows any disposition to undue severity in his comments on what ho sees.. The ex-Premier, of Victoria isa man of tho world, ex perienced in/ the necessities and the shifts of polities. Ho evidently came fo Sydney deter mined to tuko the most cheerful view of tilings, and to mako all liberal allowance for those " ways which aro dark and tricks that are vain " which are found separably connected with poli tics. He docs not protend that ho found tho federation movement iff a rapidly progressive condition in New South Wales. What Sir James Patterson lias to tell us in regard to the virtual disappearance of federation from the field of politics aud from tho pro- grtimmo of tho Ministry is all plain enough. Ho lino fn nmnlnv flin liinnitnrra nf nltnutun itnxnl-i.iii to express his sense of tho "sincerity and en thusiasm of tho Premier" in this matter of federation. Sir James Patterson even pushes oompliment to tho verge of burlesque when ho givos his impression that Mr Reid "seems to be the one anxious man about it in this com munity," ii statement dangerously fitted to giro us pause and set us pondering and romcinberiug. Federation lias been shelved once more, tlio ghosts of the promises of tlio Premier do not op- pear to disturb tlio complacency of his repose, and what, we want to kuoiv is how all tho reali ties of the caso tiro to bo recognised with that enthusiasm which so profoundly impressed Sir James Patterson. It all comes, our visitor as sures us, from the iudifterenee of tho peoplo of New South Wales, or, ut least, of its politicians.' Hero is Mr Reid sincerely and enthusiastically waiting for somobody to " urge liiin on from lie- hind," to " press him on to deal with his federa tion schome,'' about which he is so anxious, and not a push is forthcoming. Sir James Patterson is a shrewd man, with a very pretty turn for political satire. But we aro compelled to put iu a protest against some of his statements of fact. We know we tire fairly describing tho efforts of the ' Herald' when we affirm that if after all tho Premier is unable to rake a single stop 011 the road to federation, this does not come from want iif pushing. Wo, at any rate, have missed no revelant opportunity of maintaining that the work of achieving federa tion is immeasurably the most important and tho most urgent duty, before us. It is one in com parison with which local government, hind, fiscal, or law reforms all take socond place. Whether wo rogurd it as a measuro of economical government, as a menus of reducing our present extravagant expenditure, of securing uniform laws, of improving our financial security, of giv ing us a national status, nnd, above all, of allow ing us to unite in the work of self-dofonco against tho monaecs or attacks of tho great Asiatio Power whioh litis suddenly sprung into existence within less than throo weeks' steaming from our shores— in any ease, it is a work of transcendant claim on our attention in preced ence of every other. So far ns the likelihood of Mr Roid's accomplishing this work is concerned, his sands, to quote an expression of Mr. Glad stone's, are fast running iu the glass; and the time must soon come when tlio expectancy of nny such achievement 11b his hands will bo con fined to tho sanguino breast of Sir James Patter son. 