KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XVII.—(Continued.) My lady watched Miss Herncastle from the window out of sight, and somehow a feeling of distrust and dislike, that had always lain dormant there for Miss Herncastle, rose up and warned her to take care. What was at the bottom of all this willingness to serve and please her? She knew she disliked Miss Herncastle, and she felt that Miss Herncastle hated her. What if she should betray her to Sir Peter, after all ? And Sir Peter had looked so uncomfortably in earnest, when he made that threat : " You shall not be the first to dwell beneath the roof of Scarswood and disgrace it — that I swear !" A cold chill came over her for an instant in the sultry summer air. What if she went? What if Miss Herncastle betrayed her? and what if he kept his word ? " It would be wiser to give it up,'' she thought . " he might keep his word, and then — great Heaven ! what would become ot me ? I will give it up." She turned, and her eyes fell on the dress — the carmine silk, the diamond aigrette, the doublet, the beret, the rapier— all her good resolutions faltered and failed at the sight. ''I won't give it up !'' she exclaimed, setting her little white teeth. ''I'll go, and trust Miss Herncastle, and deceive the jealous, tyrannical little monster, if I can. What motive has she for betraying me ? And later, if he does find it out from any other source, his anger will have had time to cool. I would not miss wearing that dress, and having Jasper see how young and pretty I look in it, for a kingdom Thirty-five years old, indeed ! Odious little dwarf ! I'll go as surely as I stand here.'' Miss Herncastle walked into town over the dusty high-road, under the broiling July sun, and posted my lady's letter. She returned, weary, dusty, foot sore as the stable clock was striking six, and as she was walking up the avenue, came face to face with Sir Peter and Captain O'Donnell. The little cowardly baronet had been seized with a sudden and great fancy for the tall, soldierly, fearless Irishman. A confidant of some kind he must have. Frankland was out of the question — Sir Arthur he stood, like most people, in awe of— the earl would have listened suavely and sneered secretly : O'Donnell therefore only remained. And O'Donnell suited him exactly; he had not a grain of fear in his nature ; he had a cool head, a steady nerve, and he was intensely interested in the whole affair. O'Donnell had taken it up, had promised to investigate, did not believe it was a ghost, and Sir Peter breathed again. Both gentlemen bowed to the pale, tired-looking governess. The baronet turned round, and looked darkly and suspiciously after her. ''Where has she been now ?'' he asked, distrustful. ''What do all these long, solitary rambles mean? Don't you see the likeness, O'Donnell, to the picture of Katherine Dangerfield ? You must be blind if you do not.'' ''Oh, I see a certain likeness,'' O'Donnell repeated, ''but nothing so marked as to be terrifying. By the by, I was examining the photograph with a magnifying glass, and I discovered a mark or scar of some kind on the left side of the face, right above the temple. Now had Katherine Dangerfield a birthmark there or anywhere else — the proverbial strawberry mark on the arm, or mole on the neck, or anything of that sort ?'' ''The line you saw was a scar — the scar of a wound that came pretty near ending her me. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms ; she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gash just above the temple. I saw the scar a hundred times ; it wasn't very disfiguring, and she never tried to conceal it. A white, triangular scar that used to turn livid red when she got angry.'' O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. '' Humph !'''''''''''' he said, '' a scar like that it would be impossible ever to obliterate, even had she lived to be eighty.'' ''Quite impossible; but why ?'' ''Oh, only idle curiosity, of course. I noticed the mark, and it set me to wondering what it might be.'' He paused a moment, his brows knit in a thoughtful frown ; then he looked up and spoke again, quite abruptly : ''You told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think — a doctor, who afterward removed to London. Do you know if the man still lives?'' ''I know nothing about him, but there is no reason to suppose he does not.'' ''Was his Christian name Henry?" Sir Peter paused a moment, and thought. 'It was Henry,'' he answered. ''I remember now. Henry Otis, that was his name.'' '' Was he tall, spare, very light-haired, very sallow complexion and with a stoop ?'' ''Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him ? You describe him exactly.'' ''I think I have. And she died in his house, and was buried from it, you say ? How long after ward did he leave Castleford for London?'' I don't remember exactly— some months, I think. There were people who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miserable here after her death. She was buried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then he took his mother and went up to London.'' ''He and his mother lived alone ?'' ''They did.'' 'They kept a servant, I suppose ?'' Sir Peter looked at him wonderingly. 'I suppose they did ; it was not his mother who opened the door for me when I went there. O'Donnell, what are you driving at ?'' ''I'll tell you presently. If the servant who lived with them at the time of Katherine Dangerfield's 'death be still alive, it strikes me I should like to see that servant. One question more, Sir Peter, on another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here — a dismal, lonely sort of a house called Bracken Hollow ?'' ''Certainly I know Bracken Hollow.'' His voice dropped to a whisper, and he glanced half fearfully around. ''Who in Castleford does not ? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is a haunted house.'' '' Indeed,'' the chasseur said, his hands in his pockets, his face immovable ; ''it looks like it, I confess. And what manner of ghost haunts it, and who has ever seen him ?— that is, supposing it to be a him. As far as my experience goes, ghosts are generally of the feminine gender.'' 'For Heaven's sake, don't talk in that way O'Donnell,'' Sir Peter said, nervously, taking his arm. ''You don't know what may hear you. Bracken Hollow is haunted ; most unearthly sounds have been heard there— heard by more than me, and not superstitions people; either. A murder was committed there once, many years ago, and they say——''' '' Oh, of course, they say. That's not evidence. I want to hear what actually has been seen.'' ''Well— nothing, then,'' Sir Peter responded, reluctantly ; ''but I repeat it— horrible and un- earthly cries have been heard coming from that house often, and by many people.'' ''And none of these people investigated, I suppose ?'' '' It was none of their business ; they were only too glad to give it a wide berth, and go near it no more.'' '' Who lives at Bracken Hollow ?'' '' An old woman, named Hannah Gowan. She was Katherine Dangerfield's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Bracken Hollow.'' " Whew--w--w--w !'' O'Donnell's low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. ''Katherine Dangerfield's nurse ! By George ! that account-----'' He stopped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his nerve-ending suspicions and fears aroused. ''Accounts for what ?" O'Donnell halted in his slow walk, and laid his hand confidently on the shoulder of the baronet, and looked calmly down into the baronet's little wizen face. ''Sir Peter,'' he said, gravely, ''a light is beginning to dawn upon me ; the mysteries are lifting slowly, but, I think, surely; I can't tell you what I think, what I suspect ; I hardly can tell myself yet. All is confused— all is stranger than I can say ; but as in a glass darkly ! I begin to under stand — to see the end. Wait — give me time. As surely as we both live, this strange mystery shall be sifted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarswood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow exorcised. Now I am going away by myself to think.'' He turned and strolled away, leaving the petrified little baronet standing under the little lime trees the picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passed was the library ; its windows stood wide open on the lawn ; it looked cool, and dark, and deserted — a suitable place to think. He stepped in, let the sea green curtains fall again, flung himself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockets, his brow still knit in that reflective frown. The room had seemed very dark, coming from the glare of the sunset. As, after five minutes he lifted his eyes from the carpet, he found that it was not dark. More, he found that he was not alone — the library had another occupant — that occupant Miss Herncastle — Miss Herncastle asleep. Miss Herncastle asleep ! After the first instant's surprise, he sat still and looked at her. It was easy enough to understand how she came here. She had passed the windows, as he had done — the dark seclusion of the library looked inviting; she wearied and warm, had entered, and finding it entirely deserted, had lain down, and all unconsciously fallen asleep. She had removed her hat; one hand pillowed her head ; her face with the light full upon it, was turned towards him. Pitilessly, searchingly, he sat and read that face. The straight, finely shaped nose, the square-cut, resolute lips, the curved, determined chin, the broad, rather low, intellectual-looking forehead. It was per- fectly colorless, that face, even in sleep. And in her sleep she dreamed, for her brows were con- tracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer in her slumber than he had ever thought her awake. Who was she? A strange woman, surely — a won- derful woman, if the dim, mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind were right. Who was she ? Helen Herncastle, of London, as she said, or---- An inspiration come to him — an inspiration that lifted him from his chair to his feet, that caught his breath for one breathless moment. The scar on Katherine Dangerfield's temple ! He hardly knew what he suspected as yet — wild, improbable, impossible things ; and yet he did sus- pect. Now, if ever was the time, to end all suspicions, and test the truth. Miss Herncastle wore her black hair nearly down to her eyebrows ; what easier now to lift one of these shining waves, and look at the left temple — it was the side of the face uppermost. He advanced — he hesitated. Something in her helplessness — in the sacredness of sleep, appealed to his strength and his manhood, and held him back. It seemed a dastardly deed to do while she slept what he dared not awake. And yet it was his only chance. ''I may be judging her cruelly, shamefully,'' he thought ; '' if the scar is not there, I am. For her own sake, I will look.'' He drew near — he stooped over the sleeping form; very gently he lifted the black waves of hair that covered forehead and temple. A full and noble brow he saw it was that those bands of dead dark hair hid. Lifted off, it altered her wonderfully, made her ten times more like the portrait of the dead girl. He glanced at the temple. Good gracious yes! there was the livid triangular scar Sir Peter Dangerfield had described, just above the temple ! He let the hair drop — he absolutely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there thunder-struck, spell-bound, looking down at her, helpless to do anything else. Something in the magnetism of that strange, fascinating gaze must have pierced even the mists of slumber. Without sound of any kind to disturb her, the eyelids quivered, lifted, and Miss Hern- castle, wide awake in a second, looked up from the sofa into Redmond O'Donnell's face. ' (To be continued.) 