Allan love's Disappearance. chap -:s:r xxirr. Near a great bank of palm* abe saw Bebij deep in a flirtation with a joun^ naval r.ffioer. Sidney was not in the bull-room, aud aaac thac moment i-he heard the no:es of tbeprima donna's voice in one of the airs from '? Rigmerto,' she tliought he wus probably there. 'Poor little Bebu ! For all her smiles, her heart ia sore to-night, I'll warrant. Thnt Drovofeine Felix! I wonder when.' he is? His continued absence and aileuee are mons than strange. Some thing mnst have happened. He would never have teen guilty of this rudeness. We -must find out to-morrow, if possible, for Bebd's sake.' 'I beg pardon. You are Mrs. Karitan ?' _ Tida turntd and satr h trim waitiog-muid at her side, holding out a letter. ' A servant just brought this, if you please. He wiBbed it delivered to you without delay.' Vida took it »nd retreated to the dreesitig-rooin. Her heart had cotnmeuced t:- throb painfully. A feeling ot nervous excitement chilled her. She had recognized the writing as Clyde Hastiugs's. It contained these words : ' Have you none of the curiosity of your Bex ? Did you not ?wonder why your husband liu* no summarily put an end to our friendship— why he is spiriting yon off to E'urope to-morrow ? There i- an explanation, and one nf most vital importance to you. What it I tell you the whole mysterious course of action ?comes from my reiusal to Rive up a certain package of letters to him9 What if I tell you Hint them; prove he waB already married when you became hi* wile ? What il that first Mrs Karitan in Et ill alive— the Aloha of whom you spoke to me not long ago? More than tbia, he i.-i u murderer. I know it. lie knowb this, and hence hi« hatred of me. Yes, airs. Raritan, I can prove all this by KiTinj* the letterB into your pos-ession. You can come and flee them, if you tru^t, my sincerity and -?'*».*- u...|-. ???; .\jv'..= mi. ui.u M OIU1IG n bill U W 11UU1 VVLICIC JfUU are, SB you know. If you do not care to heed this warning or ignore it, you can, of courae, remain the willing dupe of a mau not worthy your love or my respect. Thin ia the true explana tion of his hatred of me. The explanation of my concern for your future you know lies in the fact that your UuppinesB must always be dearer to me than my own. It rests with yourself to save yourself. The letterB ara here. To-morrow will be too late.' Had the lebter urged her passionately or insis tently to seek the proof spoken of, in is likely Vida would have been sceptical, even though troubled. But the deliberate tone, the celd setting forth of facts, leaving it to herself to decide, influenced her, as Clyde Hastings knew it would do. ' You are the one whose future is at stake, you are the one to resent this wrong ; the crime is againBt you, not me,' the letter seemed to Bay. ' You will solve the truth of what I say, if you are wise. If not, go your way.' She stood as if stricken of all life, the letter crushed in her hands. Every trifle needing expla nation returned now with threefold emphasis, and she felt a wild anguish, a resentful jealousy rise like a wave in hei soul. How peacefully she had ascepted her husband's decision that Clyde Hastings should be stricken from her list of friends— how amiably she had promised to go on this blind journey with him on the morrow ! And now — and now — it; lay in this man's power to show her how she had been cheated. Had her judgment, her censes been sleeping ? Why had she not questioned ? Why had she not insisted on an explanation of these strange happen ings, strange commands ? She loved Sidney — yes, she loved him with every side of her nature — but if this thing were true — if he had wronged her in this brutal way, she must know it— and accept the dishonour, the misery of it all. For a moment she stood hesitating. The thought of the journey on the following day rose before her. She muat'act, and quickly; those letters must be in her possession before the night .ended. - .._'.? ? . It was impossible to leave the place unseen, but she was reckless of small consequence now. Her maid helped her oa with her fur cloak, wondering the while at her pale face. ' You need not come, Marie. I— I — will be only a few minutes. If Mr. Raritan asks for me, say you do not know where I have gone, but that if he waits for me here, I will return before the bull has ended. Now let me slip out this way. That will do. Say nothing uuleos Mr. Ruvitaa misses me — you understand?' , The hall was almost deserted as she ran down. The crowds were now divided between the cotillion, the music-room and the supper-rooniB. In a few moments she had swept past the butler into the cold, quiet street. A line of carriages extended along the kerb, most of the drivers sitting on their boxes with locked arms and heads bowed sleepily. She was just wondering how to get a carriage to take her on her errand, when a footman stepped up and addressed her : ' I am Mr. Hastings' man. I brought the letter — and if you are ? ' 'Yes. ves !' she interruntprl IiarMIv. ' Tiriwn me away at once !' He sprang lightly to the seat, and, in a moment, she was whirled up the avenue to the apartment house whose telescopic height shone darkly against the cold violet Bky. In the gloom of the brougham Vida bowed her white face on hpr hands. ' Pc-rbaps I am mad to come — but the old devil of distrust is arouBed. Oh, it is all true — he would not dare otherwise — no — , no, it is all true ; I know it. Oh, Sidney — Sidney!' A sob of anguish broke from her lips. She looked like a ghost of the beautiful woman who had so recently moved among the admiring crowd. The letter she had received was buried in her bosom and its sharp edges brushed her flesh like a lancet's edge. ? The carriage brushed tho curb harshly, and came to a halt at Clyde Hastings' door. CHAPTER XXVI. FACE TO FACB. A moment later, Vida stood tapping at the door of the apartment where the name 'Hastings' appeared on a email, oblong brass plate. She knew this was one of the most vital moments of her life. :'? ' Her hetrt was leaping like a mad thing, a dull, ? sickly pain surging through her, and every fibre quivering T.ith excitement, dread, anguish. At iasfc the door was opened, and she swept . hurriedly past the servant into the dainty little . drawicd-room, where at a small table on which a shaded lamp stood, Clyde Hastings sat reading. Hp rose .if. if startled., when his eyes fell on Vida 'You di.i come!' he said, in alow, impressive tone. 'You did come!' There was something queenly, something chal lenging in Vida's attitude as she stood before him, her hufid lifted, her lovely face bo pitifully pale, the rich cloak falling from her bare shoulders, yet held psrhially in place by the firm grasp of her hand. ' Yes,' sho said, in a breathless whisper, 'I had to come. The letters — where are there ? Give them to me ! I have only a moment! I want to to se'i those ' letters !' 'You will sit down firot,' and Cljdodrewan arm-chnir closer to the fire !' ' 'This is /lot the moment for idle ceremony. The lorifcefn ! The letters !' and her dark eyes glowed sombre like brilliants. irYoa aie impatient. No wonder;' and he took ., his position on the hearth, while he faced her, a look in his eyp.s such as a master wears when en -deavouiing by sheer force of will to quell a passion ate, dumb brute. 'But you must hear me first. I have? a few words to say.' A low sob, half anger, half pain, broke from Vida's HpB, and bIio leaned againBt the high back of a chair to keep her from sinking in her weak neBB. ' Ob, how can you torture me bo ? Don'tyoueee how 1 fttn suffering ? Don't you know what thiB means to my P I have imperilled my name to come here to see the awful proof you say you have ! Give the letters to me, or let me see the words with -ay own eyes, and let me go. I ask no more ! If you are doing me a service in this — if you are my frirad — though bitter woe coru--» as ^y portion, I will thank you by *ud by, but not now. I only want to got rhu let'terR — and go.' Sho h-?!d ou-; her triMnbli *e Viands in a. gesturo of command and uppenl, but the man. before her stood nnm'v»!t1 as a sphinx. ' Will you listen to me ? There is one question you must answer — ' 'Oh, thero are conditions now ! You made nono ''in your letter, Mr'. Hastings. I was in;id to oomft — iiud to suppose you would keep your word. The information you pos~ebB ia not worth the price you seem to insist on, since delay here menne ruin to me.' She swept towards the door, paused in pitiful hesitation, and covered her ghastly face with her hands. What was she going to do ? If she left the place now without any definite knowledge of her husband's unworthineas, and yet with all her nature rouepd to ;i frenzy of jealous suspicion, her pvjde quivering — what attitude could she take to Sydney on the mo-row when he expected her to leave America with liim ? 'Ycp, you had better como back,' said Clyde, still at the fire, and his (toothing tone made the quiolc blood leap to her cheek. 'Don't act like a Fchoblgirl. Be u. woman, and look the circumstances of your life in the face.' ' Speak — and in.pity's name hurry '.' she moaned, sinking into a chair just beyond the line of light. ' What have you to any to me ?' ' That's better.' He looked at the clock — she had been nb3ent from the ball-room half an hour. Every moment counted to his advantage. (To be continued ) 