THE PIRATE TEN: A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' '?The Frozen Pirate,' 'The Death Ship,' ' The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.— (Continued.} 'This,' said Commander Boldock, 'is the most astonishing thing that has ever happened in my time at sea.' He was proceeding when he observed that the lady's eyes were filled with tears, which ran down her cheeks, bhe turned her face to the ship's wall. Boldoeli's feeling heart imme diately saw what was wanted and going to his owu cabin he returned with a large clean pocket- handkercbief, which he placed upon the bolster. 'I will send your clothes to the galley,' said he. 'and thev will be dried a.nH rp.oHir t'nr you to put on before the evening. We must then consider how we are to manage in the way of attire. I believe you are ?uithout shoes ? There's a man forward Khali make you a pair of canvas slippers.' He bowed to her. She was sobbing at the ship's wall and too much affected to look round. Picking up the garments tbe poor young lady had been brought aboard clothed in Boldoek stepped on deck, where he found Mr. Hardy walking in the sunshine, and the men forward getting their supper ou the fore castle, for now was come the first of the two dog watches, the happy ocean holiday hours of the pipe and the song and the dance, when, if it be a golden evening such as this, the fiddle will strijte five hundred motions into the caper loving leg, and fetch songs of rich sentiment^ but rarely songs of tho sea, from the simple aforomast hearts. After the dark cabin in which poor Miss Mansol lay how heavenly bright did this brig seem to shine as she lazily shook her wings at the western glory. Her likeness under her was as glorious as line brass, and so symmetrical was all aloft, so clean cut, well set, taut, so lovely now with the lights of the afternoon, that the eye foxmd the beauty of the super structure in the hull, and tbe squab waggon swam to her water-line graceful with the spirit of her airy heights. When the coaunander rose through the com panion hatch the man at tho wheel clenched fiis teeth to repress a grin, which nevertheless grew till his llesh was a mask of wrinkles and his eyes glittered like dewdrops on a cobweb. He had caught sight of the garment which the humane coinnianaer had thrown over his arm. Why should lie grin ? l)o ladies find anything to divert them in a waistcoat * It will 'be be lieved that Jack is artless and that he will smile out of sheer simplicity at a lady's dress ing-gown. Nothing of the sort. When yonder Jack goes forward there will be a noise of rude laughter and the joke will go round. 'Here, Mr. Hardy,' said the eommander, in his deep lamenting voice, 'pray call a hand nit and let him take these things to the galley. They should be thoroughly dried in about an hour, hey V The lady is in sad need of them, sir.' Mr. Hardy, after a respectful leer at his commander, bawled for s. sailor. A man came along, took the clothes with a motionless face, and went forward. ' I have been listening to an extraordinary story,' said Boldock, beginning to walk with the mute, and without further words he words he told his companion all he had heard. Mr. Hardy's leer was profound with silent astonishment. 'Why then,' cried he, when the commander was done, 'that'll be the barque with the great consignment of nuggets. She w&s; to have sailed a week after we did ; detained for want of men ; tho old story, no doubt, sir. The lady won't have floated long and the ship therefore can't be far off.' 'There is nothing in sight from tbe mast head,' said the commander. 'What an audacious— well, bless my heart V exclaimed the mate, fetching a deep breath. ' Ten of 'em. I felt, sir, I felt that the finger of the pirate was in it when I saw that she was gagged.' ' When the youngjady^has wiped her tears and clothed herself, ' said the commander, ' she may be able to give us some idea of the intentions of the scoundrels. Her memory's a little thick. 1 believe my memory would be thick had I been gagged, half-suffocated, and flung overboard.' 'You will find, sir,' said the mate thought fully, ' that the murderers carried her quickly to the main chains and dropped herligbtly into the water that the splash of the body shouldn't be heard. Otherwise she was bound to go down, sir.' 'Quite likely,' sung the deep throat of the commander. 'If I can discover where the rogues iutc-nd to carry the ship I'll give chase. Hero he stopped shorb in his walk, turned sharply round, and stared with intensity as his one quarter-deck gun ; he then faced about again and seemed to consider the number and appearance of his crew. He laughed low and rubbed his hands. \ ' These are days of peace,' said he, ' but I fancy there's prize-money to be got all the : same. Throe hundrad thousand I think she said ! What should I say to a salvage benefac ? tion of five thousand, whilst you, I dare say, ' would be able to control your temper if they | offered you two ?' The mate leer was arch with mirth. Com mander Boldock was not often designedly funny. But then, he was better than funny ; he was good and kind. If he fell in with a plain, homely, intelligent officer like Mr. Hardy he knew how to use him. Fortune had launched him on the wide heave of the Pacific in a little rolling brig, with ono mate and twelve men and a colored cook ; the stage of ship was too small, the theatre of ocean too vast for lofty airs and that sort of isolation which' Benson of the tall hat and curved legs called dignity ; so Bol dock made a messmate as well as a shipmate, a friend as well a companion, of the leering, comic-fronted, hearty, yet gentle-spirited Mr. H.irdy ; they walked the deck together, they exchanged recollections, and thus they pro mised to make thoir excursion to and re searches in longitude 157 degrees W. and lati tude 34 degrees S. as agreeable as good sense can contrive things at sea. ' It is a pity,' said the commander as ho and Mr. Hardy resumed their walk, ' that the young lady was not more fully dressed. We must get a full note from her of this extra ordinary piratical project, and then transfer her to the first vessel that passes.' He faced the forecastle and lifted his hand in beckoning gesture. Several men started from their lounging dog-watch postures. 'Johnson,' called the commander. The man came aft. ' Can't you make canvas shoes, Johuson ?' said Boldock. ' Yes, sir.' ' I wish,' paid the commander, in his plead ing aggrieved way, 'that you'd make the young lady we've rescued a pair of shoes.' 'If I can get tha size, sir, Til turn to at once, '' said the man. 'It will be impossible to get the size. Sup pose you measure an imaginary boy ?' The man touched his forehead and was going. 'Stop,' said the commander, speaking as though he was much hurt. _ ' You're very smart with your needle, I believe ? The lady will want a cover for her head. Suppose you turn to and make her a round canvas cap, like a Turkish cap.' 'If it comes to that, sir,' said Johnson, 'I'd undertake with nothing else to do to fit her out in three or four days.' ' What would you give her?' said the com mander, whilst Mr. Hardy leered at the seaman v/ith interest and curiosity. * ' There's a quantity of light duck in the sail locker, sir. She shall have a jacket and dress and two under garments.' ' You were a tailor before you were a sailor, weren't ye 5' said Mr. Hardy. The man, with a grin, said ' Av, sir.' ' Use what duck you please &n-5; go to work at once and keep all your watches below till this little job's ended,' said the commander. 'I shall want to measure the lady, sir.' 'Ay, ay. bat not for shoes. Let me have a pair of boy's shoes by to-morrow morning.' ' I'll do my best,' said the man, and went forward grinning with high delight. He knew ho would be tipped for this work and have nothinar to do but stitch, blow high or blow low, sleeping 'all night in' whilst his watch loafed under the stars or ran to the braces and up to the mastheads in the wet. Whilst the sun continued to sink north- west, filling the heavens and the sea with burning gold, and whilst the brig continued to break her sluggish way onward, with a crow-like flapping of her canvas as though she drowsily flouted the warm light breath that wanted power to steady the sails, Boldock and his mate stumped the deck together, talking earnestly over the story that the girl had related. By-and-bye, and the sun was then like a vast rayless target hung up in a corner of the sky over the water that sank in a shaft of name for leagues under him, the colored cook came out of the little caboose with the lady's clothes ; Mr. Hardy took them, felt phoiin over, and finding them dry descended into the cabin with them and there he acted with gentleman-like delicacy. He pulled off his hat, neatlj' folded the clothes, then knocked. He was told to come in. The sun was almost gone ; the light was very dull down here ; as he could scaroely see after knocking and open ing the door he smartly trimmed and lighted a bull's-eye lamp, which he hung open upon a nail. This made plenty of light and Mr. Hardy, giving the lady a bow, asked how she did. ' I am very much better. I believe I have slept. What have you there ? — oh ! my clothes. Are they dry?' ' They are, miss,' said Mr. Hardy, and he politely placed the neatly -folded heap at the bunk side. Observing the poor lady's anxiety to be alone Mr. Hardy gave her another bow aud said he would look in upon her again in half an hour with a pair of slippers belonging to himself. She asked for a number of conveniences; towels, a hairbrush, and so forth. All these things he procured, much pleased with tho brightness of her eyes as they reflected the bull's eye and tho looks of animation in her face to the very chin of which rose the blanket, completely mummifying her. Chapter XVI. — The Mate's Boat. All night loug aboard the brig a smart look out was kept. Boldock was of opinion that the Queen vfas not above thirty or forty miles ahead of the Wellesley; she was right ahead, he conjectured, by the circumstance of the girl having floated in a bee-line to the brig's cutwater. He was of opinion with Mr. Hardy that when tho ten men rose to seize the Queen they would not find the field an easy walk, they might be worsted, in which case there woula be loss of life more or less considerable, and Bol dock, whose imagination was tolerably active, figured the Queen rounding up in the wind and lying all aback, helpless, Benson shot down, her mates dangerously wounded, and piratic passengers and seamen of the barque bleeding about the decks in dying agonies. So a smart look-out was kept for any shadow of ship blotting the stars of the horizon of that fine night, for any blue or crimson ball of dis tress spangling the dusk with a sailing constel lation. But nothing showed, and when the dawn broko the sea stretched a bare breast, sallow to the sulphur light north-east. 'This is a nice little air of wind,' said Commander Boldock to Mr. Stubbins, the boatswain, who had relieved Mr. Hardy at 4 o'clock. It was now bright morning, the sun strong, a sparkling curl of wave upon the sea, and a wouderful plenty of little clouds of an oyster like form and shell-like in their tints, scaling off a light and fairy shadow of vapor coating the south-east sky into the aspeot of a coast. The boatswain was of the commander's opinion. The breeze was a nico little air. There was more/jf it a-coming, and here Mr. Stubbina, under the sharp ofjjhis band, gazed severely at the south-east shadow, as though he should say he had used the sea for some years and knew a thing or two and there was no use in the weather trying it on with him. ' We are pretty well off for small arms, I think, Mr. Stubbins '!' said the commander. 'The natives'll find us well off enough, I dare say? sir, ' answered the boatswain, with a grin. 'About a dozen of muskets, I think, and t»-ic« that number of cutlasses ?' ' That's about it, sir.' ' You might like to hear mo tell an extra ordinary Btory of the sea, ' said the commander, in his deep and plaintive voice. 'All hands should have the news. It may engeuder some deviation. But if wo cau recover a noble ship, the lives of & number of passengers, and a little mountain of nuggets from the remorseless clutches of ten broken-down gentlemen whose ideas of humanity axe exemplified by their conduct towards the lady whom we picked up yesterday morning, all hands of us, Mr. Stubbins, will deserve ?well of our country.' He then gave the boatswain the story. Mr. Stubbins listened with a face dull with wonder, head hung as ho trudged by the commander's side, mouth open, eyes askew lifting at the jolly hot flaming countenance beside him. 'It's about the rummieat rooking job as ever I've heard tell of,' said the boatswain. ' Passengers, too ! Cuddy adoin' tho fore castle work .' My now ! If Jack don't mind his eye he'll lose his reputation. Ten bush nippers of a company and not a sailor of the ship in the gob. Well, all I can say is, let Jack mind his eye.' The commander uttered three or four 'ha-haTs' like deliveries through a Bpeaking trumpet. ' And it ain't known I allow where they're going to carry the ship to, sir, if they succeed in seizing her?' said Stubbins. 'The la'dy says she heard thorn speak of an island. They pronounced the name. Unhap pily she cannot recollect it. Also she heard them speak of a brigantine and one Saunders. That's intelligible. The vessel will rendezvous oil the island to receive the booty out of the ship, which the scoundrels will probably wreck.' 'IfH be a wonderful piece of orderin', sir,' said Mr. Stubbins, after a pause, ' something proper to make a man thoughtful in his prayers, if so be it should happen that the young lady the men think drowned dead should be the hinstrumont of delivering them into the hands of justice.' 'Here comes a little more wind, Mr. Stubbins,' said the commander, and as he spoke the brig, with a groan through the length of her old frame, leaned to a shriek of dry, bright blast, which had whitened each long blue curl till the whole windward ocean was running in deli cate lines of snow out of that tender far-off shadow of cloud. The commander and the boatswain stopped in their march and looked aloft, watching and waiting. The brig was clothed to ht-r trucks, all plain sail was on her, studding-sails she did not carry. She sank her fat bilge, lifting t'other with a wet green glare of sheathing to windward, aud the troubled water dazzled into foam all around her, streaming off astern in splendid masses, revolving, eddying, soariug, sinking, bursting off the bow in storming showers of crystal : smoke, over which the sun flung bowB of many | colors. 'An old ocean- sweeper, Mr. Stubbins,' Baid the commander, as he put his head over ra.iL ' ' Here is the sputter of the line-of -battle- ship flying through the thunders of the bay, ana a speed,' he continued, in.his most mock ing complaining note, ' of really not more than six. The breeze blew a steady wind, which pre sently headed the vessel. Tho windward thickness ..rose and went to pieces in small cloud and the ocean ran in a regular curl of surca. The boatswain held on with his royals and the brig ploughed along with good way. A seaman sat in the foretopmast crosstrees to report a sail, 'but, bless my heart,' said the commander to Mr. Hardy, who came on deck at 8 o'cloclc, ' what's this old wagpon going to do in tho wake of one of the nimblest flyers that ever slipped down tho well-greaaed ways of a shipyard? Wo are doing six, and in this wind the Queen i& doing twelve. Just the breeze for her mould of hull if they're Still heading her off Homwards.' ' If those ten men seize the barque,' said Mr. Hardy, 'they'll surely not attempt to carry her round the Horn.' 'They'll make for that island whose name the young lady unhappily can't remember,' said the commnnder. 'In that case,' said Mr. Hardy, 'they may shift their helm and cross our hawse within hailing distance.' ' What good would that be?' exolaimed the commander. Mr. Hardy leered at the gun. ' A nine-pounder !' said Boldock, folding his arms, advancing one leg and eyeing the gun in the attitude Napoleon the 1 irat is usually pictured in. 'Weight enough there to bring down a mast, sir,' said the mate. 'The Queen's a witch ; she sails two feet to our one, man ; it would be touch and away with her whilst you were trying to bring that piece to bear. Our only chance in that way lies in blood having been shed aboard — in fact, Mr. Hardy, in the ship being thrown into con fusion by the demon of carnage. She comes to a stand head to wind, all shaking. In that con dition we may hope to sight her, in none other.' He took an earnest view of the sea ahead after speaking these words, crossing the deck four times to master the liquid distance spread ing in a deep blue line from the springing bows; then hailing the crosstrees and being answered by the man aloft that there was nothing in sight he went below to breakfast. It was a little before 11 o'clock the same morning when the sailors witnessed a sight novel indeed aboard the Wellesley. First of all Mr. Hardy came up the companion hatch hugging an old folding chair to his heart. He opened and set it down ia the great rolling shadow cast by the trysail, then through the skylight receiveda couple of pillows, which he placed in the chair with ceremony, patting and smoothing them. A little later the figure of the commander uprose, backing and staggering as lie assisted the young lady to mount the steps. She moved slowly. She was weak and needed the help of his strong and gentle hand. She came out of the hatch into the flying snushine with a frown at the brilliance, but a smile that showed her white teeth as she drank in the liberal rush of wind that whistled in her pale lips. The sailors forward stared; they had seen her lifted out of the sea a drenched and streaming body ghastly with its gag and black lines of brine-glued hair, and now they . beheld a fine figure of a young woman clad in crimson with a rope of colors round her waist. Her hair was coiled down upon her head, and its abundance was manifest spite of the round white canvas cap that gave a new character so her eyes, enlarging them and deepening their soft luminous glow. Yet poor Miss Margaret Mansel looked ex ceedingly pale, and anyone could have seen that sho was fresh from a aviolent shock or a dangerous illness. She had been admired by some of the gentlemen aboard the Queen, par ticularly by Mr. Masters. She was without beautv, but her features held a grace which brought them near to it. On board the Queen she Had chiefly pleased by her pensive ex pression, her habitual down and thoughtful regard, so that the faint bloom on her cheeks was often shaded by the long lashes of the upper lids. They had also considered her teeth and figure unusually good and her hair very fine. Sho was tall and stood up bravely, holding by the companion hatch, to the admiration of Mr. Hardy, and when she had gained the deck Commander Boldock let go her hand. 'I feel now that I am alive indeed,' she said, as she looked aloft with a bright glance and then smiled atBoldock. ' It is ladies' weather — very charming,' said the commander. ' Let me seat you.' He led her to the folding chair and Mr. Hardy laid a rug over her knees. She smiled with gratitude at both men. ' This is a little ship after the Queen,' said she. ' Where is this fine wind driving us?' 'We are bound to a part of the ocean where there are rocks and shoals whose position is improperly shown on the charts. That done,' continued the commander, 'we shall then proceed to survey certain islands. We then return to Sydney. We are at present off our course.' 'It will be hard upon me,' said Miss Mansel, 'to return to Sydney. I have no money. Tho little I had was in my box in the Queen. All that I possess in clothes, books, keepsakes, and other things was in that ship. I suppose they are lost for ever.' 'We shall not allow such considerations to be a trouble to us,' said the commander stoutly, a brave smile making his wide sunset of face as engaging as if he were handsome, 'on so bright a day as this and with the memory of your deliverance as green as yester day morning can let it be.' fahe hung her head, touched by the rebuke, and her eyes filled with tears. But this, fortu nately for the commander's sensibility, he did not observe. He was gazing earnestly at the sea. ahead. 'It .would be a prodigious satisfaction,' said he, ' if you could recollect the name of the island. Was it — ' and bo named a great num ber of the islands of the Polynesian groups, including reefs and barriers. 'It was that of a person — it was — it was — ' She strained her memory with closed eyes and then said, 'It will oome.' 'The necessity for your remembering it,' said the commander, bowing and smiling with an air of fine, old-world, quarter-deck gallantry, will give me the best excuse in the world for keeping you on board the brig.' She glanced at her dressing-gown aud looked with some confusion away. 'Why,' said he, reading her thoughts and beginning to strut up and down within easy chatting distance, 'if I could get hold of their place of rendezvous we might fall in with the Queen herself. Then all your property would be restored to you. We may presume there would be somebody on board fit to take charge of the vessel to England.' ' If those ten men seize the ship,' said the girl, ' what will they do with the passengers V? 'Hum!' said the commander. 'If we are to accept their manner of dealing with you aa a specimen of their method and skill, then if those ten fellows have successfully risen I would not give much for any liveB in their power. ' ' ' You don't think ? ,' cried the girl, with a shudder, and then stopping, whilst sho looked up at him with eyes of dismay and horror, her figure half starting from its resting posture. 'I think it may end in your discovering1,' said tho commander, with a smile, ' that you are the best off of them all.' ?' There were several ladies.' 'You are a lady, but that did not seem to appeal tc them,' eaid Boldock, in a deep lamenting voice. ' The wretches ! to throw me into the sea gagged and almost choked. What had I done ?' Boldock paused in his walk and stared at the ocean in silence. Miss Mansel's words had roused the spirit of roast beef in him ; she saw his face hard with that heart of England which no nation can resist at sea. It was the working, burning, triumphing face of the boarder who waits for the instant of collision to spring into the chains. ' I Bincerely trust,' said he, breaking with a jerk of head out of his fighting mood, 'that you will remember the name of the island or that we shall fall in with the Queen. I have seen a few men hanged.' His gaze went thoughtfully to his weather main yardarm ' and there rested, as though he considered height and scope of falL His sight was still aloft when a cry from the foretopmast crosstrees made him start. 'Sail ho!' ' Where away?' bawled Mr. Hardy, running forward and leering. 'Broad on the lee bow8' answered the voice, high in tho song of the wind. ' I see her, sir,' thundered Boldock. He lifted the immense brass telescope off its brackets and rusting it on tho rail took aim at the worJang breast of soft dark waters on the port bow. ' It is no ship,' said he, ' but a boat with a shouldcr-of-mutton sail. One of the Queen's boats for a million. If so, tho ten men have seized her, and where is she ?' He handed tho glass to Mr. Hardy. The girl rose to look, and the commander, seeing she needed support, gave her his arm. The sail showed like a flash of froth on the blue, coming and going in the melting white curls about it, but once got by the eye it was easily held — clearly a small open boat within three or four miles and already sliding abeam. The brig's helm was starboarded, the mainsail hauled up, royal and topgallant Bails clewed down, and so slowly running before the wind under reduced canvas the broad-bowed waggon surged to the boat, whose occupants were seen to consist of several men, one or other of whom continuously flourished an oar with some thing white attached to it. The brig was thrown up into the wind, the boat was cleverly sheered alongside, her sail melting into the bottom of her as she rounded with a Bosnian in her bow stretching out his hands to catch the rope's end. Miss Mansel shrieked. ' It is Mr. Matthews,' she said to the com mander. 'He is the chief matte of the Queen and the men are rive of the crew of the veaeeL'' 'Then the ten have stolen the ship,* said Boldock. There was a smart wobble of eea on and the boat danced friskly alongside. The sailors sprang into the main chains and clambered with the silent hurry of shipwrecked men over the rail, MA MatthewB staying to call out to Commander Boldook, 'Will you take this 'Ay, she's a good boat; well hoist hep aboard.' . . 'There's plenty of provisions and some wine and spirits in her, sir,' sung up Miw Matthews. ' We'll havethem^we'll have them all ; p»y oome on board.' Mr. Matthews, with » pale funereal counte nance, watching his chan&e;, got into the main' chains, and with the leisoxeliness which spirits sunk to the suicidal degnee will sober the limbs to, made his way over the tall bulwarks. Meanwhile, the five seamen .observing Miss Mansel had come to a halt, and were dodging and ducking at her as they shouldered one another in twenty inimitable postures: * ' Smite me dark if it ain't she herself, .Joe f said Tom. 'No, no, she's too tall; she ain't got the other's color,' muttered Joe. 'She's what they call her factotum, her identical. ' ' If s the girl who was lost, bet your bloom' ing boots,' exclaimed a third seaman of the Queen. Mr Matthews- dropped laboriously on to th» deck. Instantly Tom called out — . 'There's Miss ManseL sir.' The mate was slowly walking aft to thf commander when, hearing these words and seeing the lady, he halted as though withered by a lightning dart. Miss Mansel made a- effort to approach the astonished man, exclaim* ing, 'It is I, indeed, Mr. Matthews— Mi* Mansel— none other.' ' Well, I am bubbled !' whispered Mr, Matthews to himself in one of the deepest breaths his lungs ever fetched, and he wen( straight up to her. ' It isn't your ghost, then, hey?' he exclaimed, taking her hand with a half note, almost comic, of blubbering in his ° voice. ' Well !' said he, so astounded that his eyes met in a squint as he looked at her, ' this, to.be sure, is amongst the miracles. You here! 'Tis enough,' said he, turning upon the com mander and letting go the girrs hand, 'to make the whole previous business feel like a nightmare out of which the second mate's going to call me to stand my watch.' ' 1 am heartily sorry for you, sir,' said Boldock. 'Mr. Hardy, let the men get the stuff out of that boat and hoist her aboard. Stow her forward. She is a good boat. And 3'ou will tell me that they have seized the 'Queen, sir?' said he, turning to Mr. Mat thews. ' Eose upon us this morning and sent every mother's son adrift,' replied the mate, with a bewildered look at Miss ManseL ' But how do you happen to be here ?' The young lady had sunk into a chair and the commander and Mr. Matthews stood beside her. ' They called me from my cabin, caught me by the throat, gagged me, and dropped me into the sea,' answered the girl, beginning to tremble. ' ' Who did it ?' said Matthews. 'I believe — I could not swear— ib was -Mr. Davenire and Mr. CaldwelL' 'We found her floating,' said tbe com mander. 'Such things have been heard of, but a jockey would call them top weigh* amongst the preservations.' 'Oh, the rogues, the wretches, the accursed villains !' cried Mr. Matthews, turning an en raged face towards the sea over the bow. 'How long have you been adrift ?' eaid Htm commander. ' Since 6 o'clock this morning.' 'Where are the others?' asked the girl* 'I don't know. We were four boats. Poole, who was to leeward, slacked his sheet and went away and the others followed, thinking, I dare say, that he had a sail in eight. The boats can't be far off.' When Boldock heard this he went below and returned with a binocular glass, which he gave to a man who climbed with iton to the main royal yard and searched the bright shivering' waters in all directions, but he could sea nothing to report. 'A boat is little and the sea is big,' said Boldock. ' All the people may be aboard a vessel whose topmast cloths arc just out of sight of that fellow up there, and which, therefore, has no more existence to us than anything lying or not lying in the River Thames at this moment.' He spoke with his usual deep note of remon strance, and Mr. Matthews looked at him. 'Did Captain Benson take charge of the ladies '(' said Miss ManseL ' He is dead,' said Mr. Matthews with a face of utter gloom. ' Murdered !' exclaimed the girl in a light '^Why, no, I believe not. I'm willing to give the demons the benefit of that, doubt,' answered tbe mate. ' As I was stepping over the side I asked where the captain was, and the fellow Trollope, who was standing in tho gangway with the scoundrel Davenire, an swered quietly, 'He's dead.' 'Shot, I suppose T I ,Baid with a look at him. ' I de clare by my sou b efore God,' cried Trollope so savagely in earnest that his face blackened with the blood that rose into hie head, 'that when I told him we had seized the ship he dropped dead of a fit upon his cabin floor.* I believe him,' said Mr. Matthews. 'Benson was the man to go off bo.' ' He had a full neck and his veins ran ia fire,' said Boldock. ' I knew him. A good sailor.' His nostrils dilated with thought as he stood in silence watching the proceedings on tha main dock. Tackles had been got on the yard arms, the provisions and liquor had been handed out of the boat, which rose and sank alongside ready for hoisting. 'What are they going to do with the Queen, Mr. Matthews ?' said Miss ManseL ' I have no notions The moment tiie last boat got away they trimmed sail with tha smartness of old hands and stood away about) south-south-east. ' 'She is scarcely out of sight,' said the com mander, straining his vision into the compass* bearing named by the mate. ' She is a very fastship, sir,' exclaimed Mr. Hafethewa with a melancholy shake of his head. 'But what in the name of mercy was their object in throwing you overboard ! Miss^Mansel told him the whole story* He listened with an air of despondency, often' sighing. 'It was the captain's fault,' he Bwlmm^ breaking out quickly with something of fever in his utterance. * ' He had reason to suspect . the ten men; his arms chest had been robbed ; the yowling of the midnight joker at the flying jibbeom-end was, to suspicion, a jgood full hint of what was coming. Why didn't Captain. Benson have them all seized ? Never a man, never a passenger of the ship but would have stood by him had they made a difficulty on the vessel's arrival.' He stamped bis foot and cried out, 'I have fast so much that I valued so muoh that I can never replace !' ' So hove I,' said Miss ManseL He cast a despairful glance at her gown. In* deed the poor fellow's heart was so full *fr»* Boldock wondered he did not cry. The com mander never thought the less of a man for weeping. He belonged to a school of stem sea* dogs which made nothing of shedding tears. Who that has read can forget that when tha iron-visaged sea chieftains of Nelson's fleet met in one ship with Collingwood at their head to receive the admiral oS Trafalgar many of th«m shed tears, and amongst those who wept most freely was Nelson nimself. Do yon doubt this f You will find a full description of tie pathetic scene in one of Nelson's letters to hw Emma. ' Mr. Matthews,' said the courteous, deep-- voiced commander, 'you are wearied. Pray step below and take some wine and rest,' and he led the way, first calling to Mr. Hardy to give an eye to Miss ManseL Mr. Matthews sank upon a looker and bowed his head in his hands. 'I am of opinion,' said the commander, after contemplating him for a minute or two, 'that a glass of bright red Jamaica would do you more good than wine.' 'I would thank you for it, sir,' said the mate, looking up. Boldock went to his cabin and returned with a bottle, took two glasses from the rack, and into each poured a second mate's nip. Water was then added, but before the mate drank he, in a broken voice, thanked the commander for. receiving him and ius men, and for the gentle- - manly and handsome usage he was now giving them. The commander bowed andimfled apa firank the other's health, ani\ ifM^afl *g'^lHt % stanchion and poised his ruddy tumbler, whiflk ' came and went in blood-zed flashes in Mb hand tf^aiSlBwing of it sundart in the skylight struck m^SSfy'cSv^e^iaii^B after^ 'pause. ' won't, ^^@me^-lfe J0^'Saj»»-'W*tiie--p6atB. Your : I^S^mrt -m^^Ba^ t^^Mve cone atrav north. ? fe-vSmesteho^t^'iire-Kia ..do, IthipK, is^to keep the j Kg^fSfiSSieAy sail ajjd'wafectf for any signs of j =. ;??.--.... *«jTa^j afraid there's very little chance of; Wer falling in with boats by following them ) id ai great open sea like this,' said Air. j Matthews, i V And in a bulky old bottom like this,' said j Bojdoek. **Somei&ing; under seven is her j handsomestsborfcof ahurricaneof wind driving ! . in fury over her stern.' i : .The mate looked slowly round the little old fashioned interior. The noise of men sniping out could be heard, the steady tramp of sailors walking away with a rope. Mr. Matthews asked several questions concerning the brig and her voyage. The commander drained his glass 'and put it down and said in his deep lamenting voice, 'How was it as chief officer. fiie captain being dead, that' you weren't put in charge of the ladies i' 'We. bad- thoughtless scoundrels to deal with, sir. They were armed with revolvers ; they hurried us anyhow into the boats, which they had victualled and equipped. I had scarce time granted me to ask that question of \ Trollope about Captain Benson. We ought to have kept together. I was the last to leave, and found five seamen only in my boat. When I shoved off I saw llr. Poole going away to . leeward, , the others in chase. They were a mile off then. Mv men said there was no use heading north. We had better stick to the track of the Australian liners. I was nearly mad, sir, and had they thrown me overboard I should have felt obliged to them.' He took Ji steady pull at his glass, and said a little vacantly, 'That's about it, sir.' ' Where can they int-end to cany that ship?' Said the commander in a xmiFing, lamenting voice. *:An island is in their scheme; the lady heard them name it. Unhappily the name's gone clean out of lier head. You say they went away to the southward T He again entered his berth, this time to fetch a. chart of the waters they were afloat in. He spread, it and pored upon it, the mate's nose drawing- close to his Saining countenance as he, too. eagerly overhung the tracing. ' It might well lie,'' said the commander, standing erect after a long look, during which neither men had spoken, 'that the situation of this island is Known only to these men. They will haws given it a name, of course. 'Wilkes skipped a sjood deal, though no expe dition was more admirably managed. I myself have charted two considerable reefs in the direct line of Wilkes' navigation, where, according to him, all was blue water with no soundings.'' 'My notion's this,' said Mr. Matthews. .*' I thought of it whilst in the boat, and it's confirmed by what Miss Maasel overheard, they'll sail the Queen to some rock or islaud in a little-visited sea, and after getting tbe treasure ashore they'll wreck the ship. Mean time, the brigantine they talked of will lie in attendance or expected. If in attendance I reckon they'll transfer tbe chests at once to her. There'll be jealousy and suspicion, aud throats may be cut.' The commander rolled up his eyes hopefully. '* It is a vast sum, :- continued the mate, ' two hundred aud eighty thousand pounds' worth of ore and dust. It sickens my soul to think of such a conspiracy and we so blind — Benson so blind.' He smote his forehead and struck his thighs and gave way to many other gestures ex pressive of helplcFS wrath. 'I'll step on deck,' said Eoldoek, 'and see what my people arc about. Meanwhile I re commend you to lie down and sleep/' (To he continued.) 