. A Russian Legend, [FBOM TT1E ' GlOIIE.'] '?* It may not be generally known tint M :, Bodolphe Badin, tho historian has -written '!:-'«h interesting, work on St. Pbter^but jt, in tlie course of which lio relates a curiouo' ghost storv connected with tho Imporiul -Family, which caused groat sensation ' . 'among tho credulons a few years bro nnil '? 'which Btill affords food for the gosMpi It took place in tho Church of St Kmc, ? which containn^. among other rohes a . .statuo of the Holy Virgin, covered with -'precious jewels offered up to her 1-\ tho '. faithful. It appears that not Ioiir after ''the death of Alexander II a peasant wn& ?interruntcd in his prayers by tho sudden appearance of a phantom which ro«o up ' 'before him. It was that of tho assa^mntea Emporor, who wore the samo blood-st-yned ? zmantlo as that which ho had on at tho moment of his tragic death. The spectre 'walked slowlv to tho statue, knelt down, ''prayed for a fow minutes, and then Tamshed. The peasant, although -trieUcn- ?with terror, was- able to follow tho move ' incuts of the mystcrous visitor, and fell sure that he was not dreaininpr Still ? trembling, he described bis mhcntiiro . toithe verpcr of tho. church,' who '?hmjrfred -' -. X.Z1 nl«n»UnKa nml- Cdid lift mlist. lillVft .%een drunk at the, time, ' and had taken his Visions for realities. The verier J , nerertheiess. reported this -event to his ' superiors, who naturally laughed at him But on the following day tho ghost reap .'peared. Again ho advanced towirds the statuoand prayed, raising hishanils towards Heaven. This timo the verger was there, . and con'ossed that tho peasant hid not . . maTl a fob', of him. He did not, ho-»e\cr, lose his head, and, though afraid to ;' approach the plantom liimsolf, ho called in some of his collnjigues, who, like him, felt ? stupefied at the Mpht. -Tho Ojr eorimed . -? then disappeared behind a pillar The ?witnesses, of this strange scene jnado their ' declaration to the Grand Marshal of tho Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. - ? -'.?? On tho next day tho same apparition ? occurred. On this occasion tho spectre \- . ' not only prayed to :tho Holy \ lrsir but !' also walked- around, the church beforo \- Tanishing.- No doubt could now be enter ' : -talned on tho subject— tho soul of Ale\\. ' anderll was tormented, and needed more ' 'prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory f The -news was borne to tho * ?? [tjourt.- where, it is hardly necessarv to say, it created great astonishment Vt ?'-'?'??'? first ft' did not encouutpr abvuuto lu ' .-''mrfnlitr / Thn members '? of the Holv Synod were ' consn-lted, and the} pro iuscd to inquire into the mottcr But '?' 'Alexander 111 lost no time in c\presain,; ? his indignation that credence should be given to 'such a story, which -was an insult to the memory of his '?father. He sent for one of his detectives, .. in -whose skill and fidelity ho had the \- greatest confidence, and ordored him to '???'=. clear up the mystery. Tlio dotccti\o went ? to the church, and, hiding himself behind a pillar, -waited for the result In due course, the phantom appeared once more, and ason prcvTous occasions, directed it, ? steps towards tho' statue. Tho detective, although not a superstitious* man, felt 'somewhat uneasy.' He hndsoncd Alex / ander IL, and seemed ta see him again as lie was on tho day of his assassination ?with his face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating - agony. Tho ghost prayed longer at the statue than usual. The detective, mustering up all hi1! cotinge glided . softly toward it,' but it moved glanced at the statuo, and discovered that many of tho most -valuable jewels woro wanting. This fact at once opened his eyes, and he dashed after tho phantom, which turned out to bo something more substantial than a vision* Tho uext second it was struggling to rcleawj itself from the detective's grip, but in .vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with con siderable imagination and audicih, had '? ' conceived tho idea of robbing the relief in the midst of- the terror . caused by his ' . apparition as tlio Emperor's gliost Ho was. taken to prison and eventually tried and condemned in Kecret— at Jcuit pu tho legend runs. 