LATE ST TÉLËGRA AIS (From our own Corrësjiondent.) Cobaial and Intercolonial. South. Australia. March l8. The Englishmen are all out for 91 in their match against fifteen of Southern Tasmania, which is being played at Hobaat. The weather is showery. "Canoon" and "Mingah" - two stations near Deniliquin-have been purchased by Mr. Austin, of Toorak, for £109,000. The Colonial Sugar Company has purchased three thousand acres of land in Fiji with «a view to extending its plantations. The Adelaide Chamber of Manufac- tures opened their jubilee exhibition on Thursday with a magnificent display of arts and manufactures. The exhi- bition will remain open for a month. March 19. Mr. V. L. Solomon is repeating his lecture on the Northern Territory, illustrated by some capital lim.dight views, at Mount Barker and other of the Hills townships. The Parliamentary party returned on Saturday from a tour of inspection among the village settlements. They profess themselves much pleased with what they saw, much good work having been accomplished, giving promise of stability and prosperity. March 21. The Postmaster-General (Mr. Todd) has been examined by the Northern Territory Commission. He advocates the opening up of the Territory's mineral resources as the first vital and all important step in the direction of development ; her mineral wealth once placed beyond doubt everything else would follow in due course. He thought it would be highly unsatis- factory, viewed from any standpoint, to allow the Territory to sink into a Crown colony. Other gentlemen who have tendered evidence before the Commission are Mr. Buchanan, of the Victoria River; Messrs. Hagan, Ballingall, Mann (civil engineer), Gilbert (of Pewsey Vale), and Wood (M.P. for North Adelaide.) Mr. Buchanan thinks the Territory will ultimately become a great sugar producer. The construction of the transconti- nental railway on the land-grand prin- ciple is generally approved. Business on the Adelaide Stock Exchange is very brisk owing to a sudden rise in the price of silver to 28d ll-16ths. The wheat market is also improving, and generally the commercial outlook is brighter. A Royal Commission was appointed yesteiday to make a searching inquiry into the general management of the Adelaide Hospital. Kew South. Wales. March l8. Governor Duff died at Sydney on Friday after undergoing an operation which disclosed the existence of mul- tiple abscesses on the liver. Ha had only reached Sydney from Hobart Town the night previously, when he was in a condition of groat prostration The tem.iins of the deceased gentleman were accorded a public funeral yester d iy. It is understood the interment i i only of a temporary character, and the body will eventually be taken to Scotland. Eleven persons, including several from Adelaide, left Sydney for the New Australia settlement in Paraguay on Thursday. March 19. The public funeral accorded to the remains of the late Governor Duff on Sunday was made the occasion of a very brilliant and imposing ceremonial The family of the. deceased gentleman return to England almost immi'diately. The Newcastle mine owm-rs are gradually closing their propeities with a view to coercing the unionists, and i the trade of the port will probably he j once more severely crippled. j Queensland. March 19. j The foundation stone of the Rock- ! hampton Cathedral was laid yesterday j by the Bishop, when over a thousand pounds was collected. "Western Australia. March 19. Typhoid fever continues rather pre- valent at Coolgardie and other western goldfields, and many deaths are re- ported. Further good rains have fallen at Coolgardie and elsewhere, and pros pecting parties are on the move iu every direction: A ninety-five ounce nugget has been found near the Murchison. Ten thousand ounces of gold left Perth for Melbourne yesterday. British & Foreign. March l8. The Financial Secretary of the British Treasury anticipates having half a million surplus revenue. March 19. There has been a grand advance of from 7 h to 10 per cent, in the value of Australian wools as compared with the j previous London wool sale, which | means roughly a gain to Australian ¡ growers of about a million and a half ! sterling. ¡ March 21. Influenza of a virulent type ii raging in England, ami 350 deaths from this i cause have occurred in London during ] the past week. . Another frightful shipping diî-aster i is reported, the Spanish warship Reina j Regente having foundered in the ! ¡Straits of Gibralter. @f nearly the j hundred souls on bonrdnot one escaped j Over thirty of th<\- .bodies h.i-v« been | washed-»»shore. i, Port Tarwin Mating* and Library Society," The meeting held on Friday even- ing, 8r,h inst.j was a successful one, the audience' being treated to readings from the second M.S. Magazine issued by the Society, besides a numher of musical items. The articles- were "Our Societv," "N.T.'s Empty Bottles," "The Land We Live In," " People Will Talk," " Rich and Poor," "Answers to Correspondents," and " Some Curative Pills for Single Tax Bile," all.by anonymous writers (mem- bers of the Society.) The various articles were exceedingly well written, notably "The Land We Live In," which contained one or two sensible suggestions re the development of the N.T.'s agricultural resources. The readers were the Rev. Mr. Millikan, Messrs. Kirkland, Riddell, Dobinson, Dr. O'Flaherty, and the Hon. Sec. Messrs. Beckwith, Dobinson, Wooll combe, and Moore contributed songs. Miss Maud Little and Mr. Hugh Youug ably assisted at the piano. The President (Mr. Justice Dash- wood) in wishing the merni ers good- bye before leaving for the south, spoke of the success and popularity which the Society had won during its short existence, paying n graceful tribute of praise to the energetic Hon. Sec. and to the other members who had actively assisted. It was an institution which all should uphold, as it not only im- parted considerable instruction "but provided excellent and much needed amusement. He hoped the Society would continue its good work, and that on his leturn he might «again spend many pleasant evenings at its meetings The President's reniai k* were en- thusiastically applaudel by those present, who, in response to a call from Mr. Hendry, heartily wished the President " Good-bye, and a speedy return to the Territory." Below we publish one of the contri- bution?, a parody on a well known poetical production, entitled N.T.'s EMPTY BOTTLES. Bottles every where just teeming, l}ing all about and seeming To be ever ever dreaming of the davs that are no more ; And I camped each night a lover, as 1 trod the country over, Hardly finding- room to lay me for them as 1 sought the shore, Each day finding as I sought Aus | tralia's farthest northern shore, Empty bottles on before. On the burning plains they're .scattered, and where miners rocks have shattered, On stations, and away inland beside the deep artesian bore : From whence we too often borrow ghastly tales of trials and sorrow ; Trials of those who know no morrow, who ended life in blood and gore, But how came their life so precious to shudder out in bloodaudgore? Contents of bottle.*, not lint« ' ti} moro. 'Neath the darksome jungle's shutter, where the -wood-doves flirt and flutter, Where Dame Nature pours-profusion of oounties from her goodly store There I saw them vigils keeping, shill- ing backs for ever peeping From tiie grass where I beheld them, veritable ghosts of yore, And a voice beside me whisper«! : " From the festive days of yore Empty bottles, nothing more." Again upon my journey starting, with the feeling on me darting, On my heart already smarting - smarting to its inmost core That N.T. so vainly vaunted, had its gruesome tale? of haunted, Of haunted spots, reminders of the dead and old forgotten lore ; And what could solve the. mystery of these spots, this old forgotten lore 1 Empty bottles, nothing more. So the cue thus found I followed, as I trod o'er ground all hollowed To enrich Chinese who wallowed, where while men had heretofore Worked the mines with proper methods, but hadsunk beforetheslipshods. What could be the cat se? I shouted "Tell me; tell me I implore !'' And the \oice beside me echoed, " Tell me, tell me I implore ! " Bottles ! botth s ! Nothing more." Days had come in olden Southport, when the bottles gave great mouth-sport : And their drinkers daily stretched out, stretch«! them out upon the floor. Those were days of constant chances which now come like firefly glauces. *' At what work then did they labour, daily labour by the scoie, Those fine miners, at "what labour did they labour by the score Î Emptying bottle?, nothing more. Then those scenes of sad disaster followed ever faster, faster Idle men, dishonest master, neglected mines of priceless store Blots these on our history's pages, which will sheck the modern sages, And the men in coming ai.es \\\ ho mav read our records o'er, . When they find just what has Iiap j pened as tlrev read our records I ü'ürT. j Ihiough tiie bottles, noth i in" more. j j So N.T. began'to languish. Ti."j, theie j onie that flood of anguish - ! Chinese frot.ii the ports of China ! ." i ; surginii up upon our shore : ! Ami with inetlioils oki au«I ta«dv, tiiev i -the study, sober, hardy j Won the white mun'» ¿n»îd am! ! country, ever ever mo e and j mote ; j-Aîi'i'OUr thanks for llhis is owing, fur j -th¡* ever more Hud fuoie .To-the bii'"f.les. üOihbig »MOre. ! Should it ever be so fated that white j im-n, by "'John* disrated. j Should become all' isolated from j îï.Tî'ss extensive shore, j Aird to wipe us from existence "John" maintained with great persis- tence} This had always been a Chinft-he read it in his books of yore What will shdw we had a being, and disprove those lying books of yore % Empty bottles \ Nothing moi e. 