ROMAN OATHOLIO. WILLIAM, By the grace of God, and of the Ioly Apostolic See, Bishop of Goulbrno. To the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Dioceso of Goollmu. "But if any man have not onto of his own, and esopecialy of those of his house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than on infidel." Tim. c. 5, v. 8. Dearly Beloved Brethern and Children in Christ, these words of St. Paul to his di ciploes remind many of a very important duty. The young are dependent on those about them, and especially on those who rule their reopective houses, for on them very much depeude the future of the young. If neg looted, their future is not one of hope ; for as evil passions grow, they are in danger of becoming slaves to them, if not protected by religious practices and kept from corrupting associations. This care is necenoary from the beginning, for if evil habits are con traotoed it becomes dillicalt to correct them. As Holy Job says, " His bones shall be filled with the vious of his youth, and they shall sleep with him in the grave." Job c. 20, v. 11. Parents thon have a serious duty in the care of their children, and it is their natural right, as it is their natural duty, to care for them. If not instractod as Catholic children how can their lives ho as should be expected of Catholic children ? It is the duty of parents to load them to God by word and by example. Without Christian instruction what are they? And to many of our people who are obliged to send their children to pub lie schools Christian instruction becomes a diffloalty, for they cannot' expect any help from those schools; on the contrary, they are exposed to danger from uneatholic principles connected with those sohools. This is found in the teaching of Scaripturo loesons to all of every denomination attending the sehools. My rule is that no Catholio child attends these Scripture lesson classae. The Catholic reason is clear. The more Scripture lessons have little in them, but the teacher may do a little more by making them a ground for in truaction, and so teaol their own religious principles, whatever those may be. Sacred Scripture is' not like other books. Of the hooko of sacred Scripture, the Catholio church holds that "being written under the inspira tion of the Holy Ghost, they have God for their author, and as such have been delivered to the ohorach." (Loss. iii, Chap. ii, Vat. Con.) In those then nothing false can be found, nor can anything found in one part oppose or con tradict anything found in any other part. All being God's word must be in harmony with itself. St. Paul says "All scripture inspired by God, is profitable to teach, to reprove, to cor rect, to inotruct in justice ;" but if mininter preted is the milinterpretation inspired by God? Is it truth? No, of such misinterpretation the world is full, and the great St. Augustine haes given a reason. He says, "if there in no branch of teaching, however humble and easy to learn, which does not require a master, what con be a greater sign of rashness and pride than to refuse to study the books of the divine mysteries by the help of those who have interpreted them" (ad Honor, de tlil cred, xvii, 35). To understand the oacred Soriptures is not so easy, for God'e revelation appertains to things which often from their nature must be obscure and hard to be ubderstood. God's rolation to his creatures, His providence in their regard, are not oub. jests of ordinary conception, and are to be considered not by roles laid down by human reasoning but by thosoin harmony with raveloa tion. Saored Scripture in God's revelation and by Him intended to assist in teaching man His dealings with mian. He planted His charoh on His apostleo' -they taught His law; and the written 'word cannot have anything contrary to it,;:fo'the same spirit animates the one ano it did (he other. The Church of Christ is the 'guardian and in her keeping proper reopeot and roverenoo are given to the same Soriptures. On many points, as ago has succeeded age, and as oitoumstanees made it necessary, she has given her decisione; and these, settled and: unchangeable, enable the Oatholias to read the Soripturees with profit. The Catholic finds in them no now religion, for he has a religion, a fixed religion, and the authority which guards it gives-b him aosournco which he cannot find anywhoir else. The Catholic Church recommoends her childlrn to road the Bible, but with proper revorencu for that authority which at all times guarded the Bible from irreverence and abuoe. These few words explain my reason for instructing Catholics not to allow their chil dren to join with others in reading ScBoripture leosons in the publio ochools. They are read there as teaching a common Christianity. This supposes that the Bible doos teach a Christianity common to all, and that the nse made of the Bible to found every variety of denomination is not an abueo afid iroisin terpretatioa of the Bible. In other. words that God's Holy Bible, the Word of -God, teaches every variety of contradietory', dpo trinq. The Catholio cannot admit.th~its Ho reads the Bible, the Catholic Chbrchis his teacnher, and hbe finds that religion alno 'In the Bible. If difficulties appear ho is not per ploexed ; he rests satisfied with his teacher, the pillar and ground of truth. And he may say as St. Augustine wrote to St. Jerome 1500 years ago,;"If in those canonical books anything seems contrary to truth, I shall not.hositato to conclude either that the text is fahlty, or that the translation has not expresood the meaning of the passage, or that I myself do not understand it." (Ep. 82.1, et Crebritfs alibi.) The contrary holds in regard to any protestant teacher. Parents then have to eon their children in structed, and for those in the coditrytiliid oan be done only at home; and if they. take care that two or three nights every'eoeklid devoted to learning the Catebhiom, they will, be solidly grounded in the principles, and so far protected in the old faith oneo delivered to tlo Saints. Fripsn the soonlar spirit created by the pub-. lio sohool, children are not disposed to learn much 'of religion. But this points out notol?or duty of parents. In the Book of Proverbs these words are found: "The rod and reproof give wisdom; but the child that is left to hie own will bringeth his mother to shame." (Prov., o. 29, v. 15.) It is then a mistake to leave children entirely to their owh billse, for they should be taught to con coutnol their wills, to acqoiro a mastery over themr, for otherwise when they grow up they rimy;realiso the words of Ecolesiasticus "Bow down his neck whilst he is young, and beat,his oides while he is a child, leet. he grow stubborn, and regard thee nubt; and so be a oorrow of heart to thee." (0. 30, v. 12.) At the rome time eorrection must be moderate, as st. Paul says: " Children obey your parents in all things, for this is well plearing to the Lord. Fathers provoke not your children to indignation, lost they be discouraged." (Colnu. c. 5, v. 20-21.) The most important duty bowever is for parents to give good exaniple to their chil dren. If children se their parents regular at prayer night nod morniong; if they seeo them regnlar io going to mass, and to con fersion, they too will carry out the same prec. tices. If they join in saying the Rosary at night with their parents, and during the day on Sundayo, if they cannot go 'to IMas, the same praoltices will bhe continued, and kheeop alive in them the spirit of religion. Whilst Lofit every year reminda you of your Chrintian duties, it also calls on you to make a eanorifioo for a most necoeary duty. Tho first Sunday in Lent is fixed for the general collection for the mission fund. To keep the districtls suppliod with priests re quirea a countinuous supply, and this calls for a corientinuous expenditpr. We have not funds, or houseso, or leganioes, to meet thleose; nnd we have to depend on the annual colleotion. For the past few years the col lectionos have been so mall that we now find ourselves over £500 in debt. We troet then all will endeavor to make'this collection a general andt a eneaseful one. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. \+ WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulburn. Biobop'e House, Goulburn, Feb. 23, 1895. LENTEN nEGOLATIONa. By Papal Indult, granted for ton years on the 3rd of Augulot 1887, the following are the regulations for Lent:-. 1.-On Bundays flieh snd flesh meat ara not allowed nt the same meal; no other aboetiu. 0?.-Thoeo bound to fast are allowed flesh mct aet dinner on all viok-daygp, excopt on Wednesdayo and on Fridays, Ember Satur day, and Monday in Holy Week. 8.-Milk, butter and ohouse, are allowed at tho little morning and ovening collation, except on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 4.-Milk, batter and chloee, are allowed Iat dinner on all days except on Abh Wedneaday and Good Friday. 5.-Lard is allowed on all days except Aeh Wednesday and Good Friday. 6.-Fish and Ilehl not allowed at samo meal. Tihe Festival of St, Patrilk in exempt from fast and abatinence, unloen it falls on a Fli day or on one of the Ember days. The time for the Pascral duty of oun feasion and communion begins the first Sunday of Lent and closen on Trinity Sunday. Thlose ,lndoe twenty-ono years are not strictly Iound to fact, as also those engagod in laborious occupations, in delicate health, or so ciroumstoancd that fasting would be injurious to them. In case of doubt the priest should be asked for direction or for a disponeation. All may not be bound to fant; but as Lent is a time for soeling God's grace all should do something to aecure it. Hear ing MaNe as often is possible, the lRotary and Night Prayers in Oomnaun every night, should be a salutary practiooe for everyone during Lent. \+ WITrr.l?an LANIAIN. 