The Chemist's New Boy By The Owl Oh, when he was a little child a bump- man read his bumps, Which all about his baby head were plainly seen in lumps; The bump-man smiled, and then he said, "Good friends, it seems to me, If this young man is given scope a genius he will be." [And ever since I knew the ways, the crafty ways of men; And ever since I did begin to use the ink and pen; I've noticed when the new-born babe has had his cranium read By some phrenologist, or fool, the self- same thing is said.] So he grew up, this wond'rous youth, his name was Cæsar Breen, To be the talk of all his friends, who thought his knowledge keen, And deemed his intellect so great that when at school a prize Was given to another lad, it caused them much surprise. When Cæsar Breen had finished school, his parents, grave and prim, Unto a pious chemist's shop in pride apprenticed him. Indentures they were drawn and signed, and folks remarked who knew, That "Mrs. Breen's bright clever boy had prospects fair in view." Now Cæsar Breen was dull as dirt, but full of self-conceit, You would not find a bigger ape along the chemist's street; First week they set him rolling pills, next week he'd learnt the trade, And, on his own, "experiments" in medi- cine he made. The chemist he had cause to go one day upon a call, And his apprentice left in charge of pills and poisons all; The pride was greater than the brains of that o'er- rated kid, In twenty minutes by the clock I'll tell you what he did. He sold a woman arsenic for camphorated chalk; Before the sun had set that day her ghost began to walk. He gave a child of laudanum ten men enough to kill, And for a fever patient rolled a prussic acid pill. Another man was sick a-bed, his inside all askew, So Cæsar mixed some jalap up to put him quickly through; And Mrs. Smith across the way she came for glycerine, That chemist's boy he fixed her with a pound of Paris green. The doctor at the hospital he wanted some bay rum, But Cæsar sent a liniment that made the business hum; Cantharides in glee he gave to poor old Mister Jones, And blistered all the flesh and skin from off his aching bones. An ounce of strychnine he dispensed in someone's liver stuff, And after grieved because he thought he hadn't put enough. A baker chap for alum came, and Cæsar, mild and sweet, White arsenic supplied to him and poisoned half a street. He made more angels in an hour than I would care to tell, And those he didn't send aloft he surely sent (below); He finished up his morning's work by killing two whole flats Of lodgers in the lane near by with deadly "rough on rats." And when his boss at last returned from where that morn he'd been, He found around his premises the wreck of Cæsar Breen; Who, when he'd polished off a score, had got the mortar down, Mixed two explosives in the same—and claimed his harp and crown. 