" ' : : j The Story of a Woman's Courage =. (continued.) Both men looked up, startled at the words. With the prompt movement of a mail trained to obey orders, the agent, leaped to his instrument ; the other man, slower to comprehend, came for- ward, the look of amazement on his lace as he viewed the singular appari tion in the doorway giving place to amused indulgence, a8 lie reccguised the speaker. What an eccentric, im petuous girl Eatc Mitchell always was, and what a life she must lead Tom Middlelon. " This is quite an unexpected pleas- sure, Mrs Middleton," he said smiling. Siie waved him back with a single imperious gesture. There was a brief silence. The operator listened intently, with his head resting on his hand. Kate Middleton remained standing in . the doorway, her hands clasped low, hei face blandied with dread, and all her soul absorbed in listening. Jack Spen cer slowly comprehending the meaning of tlit scene, waited, his interest grow ing wilh every moment's delay. At last it came, tbe monotonous click, click, conveying its portentous message in a language unknown to two faf of the three listeners. The operator news rose from his chair. . . Kate Middlelon clutched ot the iloor- way. For the first time in her life her head gave way. the was again on the swaying sycamore, and the limb was cracking, breaking, going down. She felt the water on her face and opened her eyes to find Jack Spencer support ing her head, and the station agent pouring ice-cold water over her." " She'll be all right in a minute," said Jack, cheerfully. " Now, Mrs Middleton, with your permission, I'll see you home." She borrowed a hat and cloak from the station agent's wife. Jim bronght up the horses. Jack Spencer handed her into the wagon with grave courtesy, and they drove off. Some of the loun gers, dimly understanding what she had done, looked on curiously. That was all. No fuss, no formal tributes, no speechmaking even from the two who understood. There was no deputa tion of strong men to tender her public tribute in voices sbaken by sobs. Contiary to all tradition, and unlike any hero or heroine who ever saved a train from wreck, she was on the wrong side of the bridge, and tbe people most deeply concerned were nine miles away. jNcither honor nor praise awaited Kate in her own home. Bridget scolded Iter and put her to bed, and declared that she " wud surely catch h.cr death a-cold, and she desarved it well," and tried to save her from the consequences of her husband at tbe same time. Of the children, Harry stubbornly resented her base desertion of them on the bank of the raging stream, and Marian, with her mother's spirit of adventure strong upon her, terrified the, household by avowing licr intention of goiDg across the water on a tree the first time she could escape parental authority. The mother lind her reward, never theless. Late that night, when the children were asleep and Bridget had " ' _ relaxed guard, Kate escaped from bed, and denning a wrapper and shawl "laid herself down upon the lounge before the open fire, to enjoy scanning the daily paper. The lain fell steadily without, so steadily that the sounds of a horse's hoofs coming np the sodden driveway was scarcely distinguishable from the patter of the rain drops. Kate started up as she heard a step outside the door. Another moment and Tom was before her, looking very solemn, like a newly materialized ghost. ' Tom ?" she cried sharply, and then she seemed to cower before him : yet not before liim, but the horror of the afternoon, which again descended upon her and took possession of her. Tom, her husband, might have been one of that gristly throng of mangled, crushed, dead, and dying phantoms of the might- have-been ever torturing lier mental vision. She pressed her hands over her eyes, as if they might bar out the sight. " Gl), yon ought not ; you never should do such a tiling," she said. After all, she had nerves, and tf had been sorely tried that day. ey What do you mean ?" y manaea xom. xuis was - ,-aveiy ae- greetiug after all he v indeed a sorry You shouldn't jad been through, this unexpecte . hare come home in people kuo- a way ; you should let " K" ' s when you are coming." -se," said Tom solemnly, seating iself on the eofa and drawing Let down beside bim, " yon will speak differently when yon know how near 1 came to not coming home at all; 1 have travelled twelve miles on horse back orer a rongb mountain road to get hereto- night. We were just starting out of Prescita when we were notified that ihe bridge three miles below -there — six miles above licre, Kate — had i&: Been oafried away.". - , tf. How did jon find riitt ?" Kate was herself -egalii. /9SBaS?p«vSraK; twinkle in her «yes, ; bulb - lier lip , wm-' hied. - "As to that," -replied Tom,- ' re ports are somewhat vague. Bat 'all accounts agree it -was a woman. And she did wonderful tilings. The bridge- tender's wife, I believe. Floated down stream on . a timber, somebody said. Started, all dripping, for the station, and got there in on unconscionahly sbort rime. Not a minnte to spare. If it hadn't been for "her — oh, it was a wonderful feat, everybody says."' " But how — very — unladylike !" said Kate, in a shocked voice, stooping' to pick up something from the floor. " Unladylike!" cried Tom, excitedly. " I tell yon, Kate, that was some thing worth while. Very different from your lawn-tennis practice. When a woman puts her strength to sach a . use — and such a strain as it must hare been, by Jova 1 Why, Kate, I doubt if you could so much as walk to town and back. But when a woman saves 7 two or -three hundred Jives at- one stroke — My goodness, Katef -What: have yon been doing te your foot 2" For-Mrs Middleton had nn- \- consciously Jinriied the. wonnded - foot into sight, and its Joad of bandages, piled up by. Bridget's clumsy fingers, and finished with a red flannel swath- ing, was indeed calculated to strike i, v/. terror to the beholder. "X — I fook-a littlei walk to-day," re- z> _ ' plied Kate, guiltily, -trying to . hide her 5; -. :t fbot »gain beneath ilia hem bf jier jrt dress. " But don't let its talk abont . -Jhst; Tom, Up) foftr f 8"irird jiht and cold when you came in. I was'nt feeling well, and you — you looked so. It made mc shiver." Like many people who are daunt less in the presence of real danger, Kate had all her life been shy of praise. If she could have kept the knowledge of her escapade, as she menially termed it, from her husband, she would gladly have done it. But, stupid as lie was in some ways, obtuse as lie was, he was not to be put off in this way- He was already on his kuecs beside licr, cutting threads, removing pins, and undoing cloths, in spite of lier protests, until he disclosed a little foot, purple with bruises, and with an ugly, gaping cut in one side. " No wonder y.on are not yourself to- nigt. A little walk ? I should say so. Kale, what have you been up to now ?" " I had on my slippers," confessed the culprit, " and — there wasn't time to change them. Let it alone, Tom. I'll be all rigbt to-morrow." '- A ' little walk ?" persisted Tom, " Great Ciesar, Kate, you are not to be trusted alone any more than a two-year- old babe. I'll never dare go off and leave you again." " If I had'nt taken my little walk, you — you — yon mightn't have bad the chance ?" cried poor 'Kate, cornered at last. " My soul ?" cried Tom, a light dawning upon liimatjMt. . was bruised foot. I am afraid he did a great many foolish tilings and humbled himself most lamentably to show bis love for bis brave young wife, liis pride in ln-r, and Iris contrition. There was a purse made up by the passengers on the overland train that fateful day to reward the plucky womau who had saved them from such a fright ful disaster, but they were never able to find her out. The stationmaster and Jack Spencer kept their secret well. The only subscription that ever reached its destination was Tern Hiddleton's. His wife sometimes wears a very ugly bracelet set with a couple of very large and ponderous gold coins. When people question lier about it she replies that it is a medal Tom once awarded licr for a race she won. It is generally understood that she refers to some row ing match or horseback ride, for there are boats on the pond now, saddle horses in Tom's stables, and a tennis conrt on the lawn. But even as she answers Kate sees again the railroad traiD, with its precious living freight, thundering on to destruction, and a woman, bare-headed, wild-eved, with "uu Uilfg ievtj 14V ing desperately across a rough country, in a mad effort to avert the impending dangi r.— -The -Argonaut . 