EASTERN EUROPEAN HORRORS. The English papers delivered in Melbourne by last mail are full of accounts of the week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning of last month. The cable messages but faintly oonvey the idea of , the atrocities perpetrated, and. we now supplement the cable accounts by a few hurried clipped particulars. Chieflv we extract from the Daily News, which thuB focuaeB the events I of the week:— ._,.-. The summary of the week's trouble is that the Armenians wished to j make a demonstration which should hasten a solution in favour of their co-religionists; that the Porte de termined that it should not take j place, while unwise leaders of the [ Armenians had made up their minds that it should, even though force be came necessary. This was their great mistake, because once there was a question of force they had not a ohance of success ; but being men ? driven to despair, they went through with their programme, . Then Mos lem' fanatioism, armed and in authority, was let loose, and every Armenian who was armed became a victim, together with ' hundreds who were unarmed. There had been no rising, no in surreotion, or rebellion; but oppor tunity has been taken of the employment of violence at the presentation of a manifesto hy per sons in despair to let loose upon these poor wretches the violence of the Mohammedan portion of the community, and the revenge taken , has been cruel and brutal. Many of the men who have been killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses they or their relations have inourred, and who were reokless of consequences. I verily believe that there are dozens of men who have gone about the business in sheer desperation, absolutely careless whether they would be killed or not. One such man was in the employ of an English merchant. He, too, was remonstrated with, and ordered not to go on penalty of being dis missed. He went, and after three days prison, in which he states that / he was beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former self, and one mass of bruiseso The following experience relates to a person well known and respected by many American missionaries in the capital, and is related to me by that person himself. An offioe-bearer in an Armenian Protestant church at Gusdik Pacha in Stamboul, where one of the most serious attacks was made, was engaged in superintending the building of a ohurch at Guedik Pacha on that day. About 10*30 in the morning, seeing1 many Moslems about, and believing that his life was in danger, he went to the chief police prison in Stamboul to ask for protection. He was arrested, but a I Moslem who knew him vouched for his character, and he was released and obtained some police to accom ?a. pany him. The mob of Softas, gypsies, and others had increased, and he therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re arrested and detained in prison. While there he witnessed the arrival of the Armenian prisoners, whe were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, the floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to whom he was known protected him from being beaten. He declares that he and others saw four soldiers beat an Armenian porter to death, and afterwards three other persons. As the prisoners were brought in they were sent into an inner court, brutally beaten, and kicked down a flight of steps into a dark oellar. He himself was sent into this cellar, and found there a man with his arms and legs broken. Altogether there were a hundred prisoners there. During two hours the outlet was olosed, and while those within feared death from* suffocation they heard, tne awful cries from above of men being beaten. My. informant was released xxom the cellar after sunset on Monday. Eighty-reight persons spent the night in a room about 16ffe square. Four others of the congre j gation of the i same Protestant church were similarly arrested, bufe on Wednesday morning they and a great number of other prisoners J were allowed to go , free. 1 Incidents like the following oould ' be given to a siokeaing extent, but this one must serve as a sample : — ~ * On Tuesday the police had arrested n in Ghedik Pacha, Stamboul, an Arme 1 nian from the provinces,, a strong, , powerful man. The prisoner was escorted by two policeman and two soldiers of the regular army. Two 1 ' Softas followed the escort. When they reached an isolated place in the , quarter, one of the two Softas who were folio wiag the prisoner suddenly 1 struck a heavy blow on the head of the poor Armenian, who, after staggering for a moment, fell covered ] with blood. The policemen and the soldiers began to kick him in order to make him get up. When the man ' ' got up he struck in wild desperation '' ' 'with his fist at one of the soldiers, r who fell, and he also kicked the other. He was at once overwhelmed ?? by the number of his assailants, and ' ' killed on the spot like a dog. '' , Not ' far from the hospital , we '', passed two closed, wagons with bodies, and at the door we met lone just emptied coming away. Inside, near the chapel, were eight mutilated ' .' bodies that had just come. I was disguised, to avoid the suspicions of the Government officials, , and first, '' visited the hospital proper. In one of the beds was a woman who had ? ' been. stabbed in the left' lung. , She r ' also had .x out under the knee, and ' '' another ugly cut in the wrist showed she had tried to defend herself. Her wound in the breast is mortal. She said that about midnight of October 1 they' had heard the mob coming out 1 side. She, her husband, and father, \- ' together with a family of co-tenants ; ^consisting of a man, his wife, son, and daughter, had tried to hide 1 themselves with some bales of ' cotton. The Turks came upstairs with torches, crying u Are there any t men here ?' When they discovered the women screening the men, they 1 dragged them all out. She and the ' other woman were wounded. The 1 ' men were killed, but the girl escaped. Towards morning they were sent by ' the police to the hospital. N ' . The story of the other woman is t bo horrible that I can give ^only the ,,., outlines. She was with child at the, i,, time, and after a severe, blow on the, , , head, she received a large out in the , abdomen, resulting in premature birth. She was still alive ; when she reached the hospitalj b,ut died soon . after# There were deep cuts in her , arm, and on. her hand, which she had said she received in defending her husband. Another woman had been . , sent by theGrovernmsnt this morning. She was literally black and blue all over, and was the most sickening sight I saw all the afternoon. She said that, in order to hide, she had climbed with her husband into a tree, but they had been discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed, herself taken to prison, „ And her ohild lost. From the prison she had been sent to the hospital. Their house was situated in a Moslem neighbourhood, . :? ! , Leaving the hospital proper, I accompanied the doctors «' in '^their official examinations of thirty-four of the bodies. So awfulfjis '? the impression stamped on my memory I .fear a description in my own language of what I saw would be1 too hotrible to print. ? --' ?' ' '' ?''? '?'-'' The list goes through with the description of eighty bodies;''-' -'It is \- evident, of course, that his examina -'' tion was not scientific or minute, but was made only as an excuse to note and keep a record of the condition of tiie bodies. There were two Government officials on hand who hampered examination ' and cjuee ' turning, * V-IJ/.. '''el 