WIT AND HUMOUR. for one man who ean stand prosperity there are ten who would like to try. Rich poopln always hare poor relations: hnt pcor people are not always blesBed with ■ rich rolatives. “ ^ °S” said the proprietor of tho "barker’s shop, “ he was a very good "barber, but we had to let him yo ; bo didn’t understand the business,” ‘ “What did be do “ ] Le forgot to say to a bald-headed customer that bis hair needed trimming to-day.” Eminent* >.C. (addressing jury) : “And, gentlemen, when we reflect on the very strong .safe, the bad tools, the poor light, cramped ijuartcrs, and my client’s natural weakness, am I not right: in claiming be earned the stolen L:!00 by the .sweat i r jiis brow ?” “ All the world's a alago, Sam, and the men and women merely players. ” ‘ ‘ Yes inassa; but if dat’s bo, where you goin’ fur to get yer audience and orchestry.” Scientifically Explained.—“Doctor, why is nt that eorno poople who aro perfect wrecks live longer than ofbers who aro strong' and well ?” “ Er—well—you see, tho others die first.” He Didn’t Deny It.—Sho : Before we w.H married you said you loved tho very ground I walked on. l ie : So 1 did, and I lovo it. still. “ Jack, have a banana r” No ; I’ll have a-pear.” “ 1’vo only got bananas.” 44 I know that.” ” Then why do you ask for a pear r” ** Hecouso that*E what X want—a pair of bananas,”—From41 Harper’s Young People.” ^ Pa and ma were sitting quietly ueitr tho fireplace. _ Pa wag reading a paper and ma was knitting. Presently ma looked np over her imn^67r-'”‘rrtV * she • said, “ I b'lievo ouf Henry is in love.” “AYhat makes you think soT: “ Well, he a’nt eat nothin’ for a T7eek pust ro speak of.” Pa laid his paper down in his lap, folded his hands over it and gazed into the fire reflectively. “It’s lander queer ’bout bein’ in love,” he said slowly. “ AVhen people is courtin’ they never seem to keer for victuals; but jest as eson as they get married victuals is about the only thing , they’ll hustle for, seven days in the week.” NOT SATISFIED. I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I’d only stayed I might have had one more. “Is that areal Italian couut that is call ing oil your sister?” Jimmie: “Well, I should-say so. And he must be well known all over his native land, for there isn’t an ice*crcum man in town but what calls him by name when they speak.” Their Thoughts. ** What a beautiful thing is thought,” she “ A boon it is to myself and Jim. I sit and think ho is thinking of me, And he sits and thinks I am thinking of Couldn’t Forget Them.—“Wary,” said the sick man to his wife when the doctor pronounced it a case ot small-pox, “if any of my creditors call, toll them I am at last in a condition to give them something.” A professor, in explaining to a clas3 of young ladies the theory according to which tho body is entirely renewed every seven years, said : “ Thus, Miss B., in seven years you will no longer be Miss H.” “ I really hope I shan’t,” demurely respouded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. . A ghost story—“ I am thy father’s spirit.” Doing time—The lady who grows younger •every year. A stationer’s traveller, having had a run of bad luck in prosecuting business, received from his employer the following telegram —“If you can’t make expenses, come home at once/’ The reply was—“All right. Can make.plenty of expenses, but no sales.” » “ My task in life,” said the paator, com p'-.cently, “consists in saving yonng men.” inai. “ Ah,” replied tha maiden, V-di a soulful ma". Ioogffig» “ save a good one for me, won't much you*” * Hicks: “Took at Sniggs flirting with the iT girls over there. I thought you said ho was a woman-hator.” Wicks : “So lie is ; but the woman he hates is not fchoro.,, Another Prodigy.—Mrs Jinniwing (to distinguished foreign visitor) : “ That piece my daughter is playing is extremely difficult, baron.” Heron Bressel (in extreme agony): “Ah, madame, I vieh it was imposseeable 1” She sit before an easel with her head tipped lightly bo, A paint-brush in her fingers, idly trailing to and fro. I stood quite close beside her with a wildly heat ing heart, And praised with reckless ardour, her pro ficiency in art. How sweet she was and dainty ' How I loved her! I declare It seemed to mo no other girl could he one-half As she sat there, leaning forward, in the grace fullest of poses, And deftly put the background in a plaque of yellow roses. Ah 1 that was many years ago ; dear girl I love lier-still. I love her smiles and dimples, and admire tho wondrous skill Of her dainty, snowy fingers—I’ve been watch ing them to-night Move to and fro above the work she's holding to the light, And, thinking of that other day, I doze a hit, perchance, Asehe deftly .pats a background into Jimmie's ether “ pants.’ He had thrown himself at the feet of the girl ho loved, and on bended knees pleaded hie cause. “Will you be my wife?” he urged passionately. “ Certainly,” she re sponded with fastidious frankneBS ; “ but for goodness sake don’t eerouch down in that * way. I don't like to accept a man whose pantaloons bag at the knee.” Consoling: He: I always used to over estimate my abilities. She (consolingly): Well, nevermind. Your friends never did. COME SATISFACTION* Hemarkod tho gay coquette, “ 1 haveu't Caught a husband yet; But then,” She added, softly sighing, “ I’ve had some fun while I’ve been trying,” . Bridget’s Sarcasm.—Mr Harlem : Why j don't you bring up the morning paper? It I came half an hour ago. Bridget: Humph! i Do you expict xno to rade it coomin’.up tho ; stairs ? Young Mistress:! Bridget, you haven’t given fresh water to tho goldfish. Bridget: No, miee; they ain’t drunk what they had already. jaiscoiic. He did not think she waB eo sharp, And repartee did not admire ; . Ho said her voice waa like a harp. She said his voice was like a lyre, JaBt So.—Gump : “ I wibIi a fellow could 'borrow money &b; easily as he can borrow 'trouble.” Humph: “ If you could make make money ae easily aej you can make trouble, you wouldn’t need to borrow Better Unsaid.—Sho : “ And are you suro you will like married life as much as you do your club?” He: “ Oh, yes !” She : “ And are yon bo awfully fond of your club ?” He: *• Not very.” CoNVrNCJNO. “Who seeks to eat a turkey wliioh tc life for years haB clung, Ts willing to acknowledge that “ the good die yottag.” A colored woman in Texas town had just buried her [fourth hurhand. As m duty bound Tarpon Whcagdoodle Baxter called to console the widow. . “ De Lor’ will temper de wind to de shorn Iamb.” “Doesyer mean dat I’se one oh do black .sheep ob do flock?” asked the widow tartly. “ 1 doemT mean dat, Bister. All I means am dat yore afilictshun am sore. Nobody ’preaiuates de suflorin’s ob de widow.” , “Pertickerly when dark colors make her Took like a skeercrow, I reckon I knows all about de Bufferings ob do widdy. I hue been dor foah ^imes.’W Texas Sittings,” 