Slewis in CScnrat, A Dreadful Mistake ! — A Society paper says that a funny story is going the rounds about Lord Carriiigton to the effect that, at the last drawing- room held by the Queen, he, iu announcing the names of the ladies presented, according to his duty as Lord Chamberlain, got " mixed," and announced a certain Mrs. M. as "Lady M." Thereupon the Queen bent forward to greet her with the kiss on the cheek that is always given to wives and daughters ot peers. As she bent, Lord Carrington found out his mistake, turned extremely pale, and gasped out, " Don't kiss her, your Majesty, she's not a Lady," Will he opened this day (Tuesday) our fir.t English consignment of Ladies. Maid's, and Chil dren's Bouts and Shoes. Every possible description and all at the famous Co Op prices. — c The Earnings of Women in Africa. — A Johan nesburg paper of recent date contains some not able statistics of wages earned by domestic servants — women— at Cape Town, Kiniberley, and Johan nesburg, where there certainly appears to be a lamentable dearth of white women servants, espe cially in the latter town. At any rate, a nurse re- receives £6 a mouth, a housekeeper £14, and a bar maid £20 to £30. Certainly, £390 a year is not bad pay for a barmaid, and the curious state of society which these data suggest is worthy of con sideration. spnit.t TlfKTT daatpi?t> a nniitnmnnvqmr 00 tro -w » vmill. ujt »»Wll V'.lll JID Ul J OHJO « — "Some pretty tough things have been written and wired from Coolgardie at times, but the boom ers' invention never soared such a flight as the following put into the mouth of a character por trayed in a sketch iu Chapman's Magazine of Fiction for June. Here it is. ' The richest reef in West Australia — the first prospectors built their oven up with gold-bearing quartz, and swore frightfully when the fire got hot, aud the gold ran out, and spoilt their damper. !" Notwithstanding the high price of chaff, we are selling lovely costal sugar at tjie old rates. Co-operative Stores, Glen Innes. — Of Strangled in a Swing.— A little girl named Eliza M'Mahan, 2 years old, mut'.-with a peculiar death at Captain's Flat on Friday/ The child was amusing herself swinging, and she had been left there playing and contented by her father, Thomas M'Mahon, a miner, lie, however, returned in a few minutes, and was horrified to find his child strangled to death in the ropes of the swing. The unfortunate girl had twisted the ropes so as to turn round and round as children do, aiul had become hopelessly entangled in the rebound, her life being literal!' choked out of her. " Smallpox at Llsmork. — Two cases of well- developed smallpox have been discovered amongst the Indians at Gundarimba, near Lismorc. The houses of the patients have been placed under the supervision of the police, and are situated at Gun darimba, near a Hindoo camp. A man named Walker and two brothers named Frohmuller are the patients Drs. Parker and Bernstein report that the cases show symptoms of smallpox. Dr. Thompson, Government medical officer, will im mediately visit the place and report. The victims have resided at Gmidarimha for a freat number, of years, and how they caught the disease is' a my stery, unless it was carried from foreign countries in the clothes of the Hindoos, who infest this lo cality in very large numbers. The report of Dr. Thompson is anxiously awaited. The outbreak caused a great sensation. We will change the destination of many buyers'' money now that the price and valuy of our great Spring Stock is becoming kiiown»/The Glen Innes Co-operative Stores. — E Not to be ' Got At.' — The bailiff remains out side Truth office (says a Sydney correspondent). Whether he will ever get tired and give the job besQis doubtful. He lias taken root ; hail, rain, and sunshine couldn't move him, and there are in dications that ho will still ho found there when the Millenium comes round, unless lie gives up the ghost in the meantime. The proprietor, editor, staff, etc., quite enjoy the fun of being hauled up through the window, and their ceaseless jokes rankle in the breast of the poor Imiliff to such an extent that murder is often observed in his eye. It appears an easy matter to obtain judgment, but a, hard matter to cxeeute it Some two or three months have elapsed since the proprietors were ordered to pay £1000 for alleged libel. The plain- I tiff continues to meander about the city iu the hope ; that the bailiff will effect an entrance into the premises while the members of the staff are away on a journalistic carousal. I Wash ! wash ! wash ! Yes, wash them ! — a11 end less panorama of pretty patterns and lovely color ings in prints. The Glen Inues Co-operative Stores. — F ' In Bankruftcy. — Single meetings iu the cas of Samuel Taylor aud Henry Hockley were held yesterday in the Court House, before Mr. Martin, P.M. Mr. Abbott appeared for Taylor and Mr. N. Macdonald for Hockley Bankrupts were ex amined and the meeting declared closed. A Bailiff's Revenge. — The trial of John Lynch- baum, at'Casilubar, for the attempt to murder Mrs. Agnes M'Donuell in the island of Aohill concluded recently. The details sworn to by Mrs. M'Don- nell and other witnesses showed an amount of bar barity 011 the part of the prisoner which was almost inoredib'e. She lived in London, and bought a small property in Aohill. The prisoner had been in her service as bailiff, hut did not give satisfaction. At the end of three months she dismissed hlni, and served him with ejectment notices. Cu the night of October 6 she was alone and in bed at the bouse, when, she was aroused, and looking out saw that her stables were 011 fire. The prisoner came to the house, and asked for the keys to let out the horses. She gave them to him. and was returning to the house, when he caught her, and dragged her into the burning building, aud made a determined effort to throw her into the flames. Iu her struggle she fell and he tried to strangle her, and struck her a tremendous blow on the head. She became inseu- sible, and remained insensible for several days. The frontal bone of her head was fractured. Her 110'se was bitten off, and also a portion of Iter lip by human teeth. One of her eyes was destroyed, and the other permanently injured. The. prisoner, after being taken into custody, escaped from the police while being conveyed to Casllubar Gaol, and was hiding for three months, hut was ultimately arrested in the house of a relative. The jury found him guilty, and he was sentenced to penal servitude for life. An Unsuccessful Yenture. — Mr. Bergl has cabled to the representatives of his firm in Sydney, instructing them to ship no more cattle to England. He estimates that the bullocks by the Southern Cross averaged £12 a' head, and that the loss to the firm on the shipment amounts to £4000. Salesmen consider that this estimate is exaggerated. They say that they believe the bullocks averaged £14 14s. The market tor Australian beef is very flat. The Southern Cioss beef brought from 2s 6d to 2s 1 1 d per stone. 