OQBBBSPONPEHOB.j THE DEBATE ON GHOSTS. To the Editor. Sir, — I «m afraid your correspondent rates too highly my knowledge ana debat ing powor. Ono of the consequences of doep study is tho increasing conviction of of one s own igiiornuco. To learn is only a method of detoctiug tho doplornMo litlloncss of one's mental ncquisitioiis. Knowledge ucqniied is a.lpmp held over tho deop and durk abyss of ignorance in which.wo lie ; but if by the light of that lamp, we: can discover steps ,by which wo may dv patient toilsome effort emorgo from the gloom and gladden .o/ir eyes with tho light of the giprious'fitin of truth, thon happy iiideedare' wo. First, let mo say that I thoroughly ap preciated, and heartily rocipronte the friendliness of tone wliiuh saturates tho letter of " Batii Verhoruni" in your last issue. - Ho is porfoctly justified in retaining his anonymity if he think fit. Tho only case in which writing over a item de plume is unjustifiable is. whon. the writer uses his iiicMnitqns onimponotrablo screen, from be hind which ho may,in safety to himself, hurl missiles at his victim. Your correspondent is too manly and worthy n man thns to prostituto it, Mv only objeot iu suggesting tho course of a friendly consultation was, not to try to defeat him in argument— a most unworthy conrso of procedure— but, becdusoso much more can bo said in con versation than in a weekly letter. But a revenone a not moutone. " Satie Vo riorum" is evidently, liko myself, a student of sci ence, and all he, says about tho scientific difficulty I heartily ondorso, for it is iruo as fas as investigations into the subjects of sight and hoaring havo borne fruit, though ovon on those subjects, much confessedly remains to bo discovered, etill, tny Great Authority tells mo that nbt only tho voices of other spirits, but ovou that of the Oreat Creator, has boon audible, to privileged human oin, and He, the Great Uncreste, is a spirit immaterial. How thp sensation of sound was produced I know not ' My Toaohor tolls mo, that: many spirits, who have novor oven boon clothod upon the material body, have been seen by .men. I accept theso as stutomonts of impregnablo facts. I cannot explain thom. "Such knowlodgo is too wondorful foi mo ; it is high, I cannot attain unto it." The great dramatist puts into the month of Hamlet those oyer memorable words — "There are more things in heaven nnd , earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in our philosophy." Wo know something (it'maybe: very littlo) uf tho material, bnt almost nothing of. tho immaterial, or of tho laws, which govern tho spiritual state. "Satie Verborum" asks:— "How oan the immaterial be mado cognisable by our senses P " I reply unhesitatingly; I do liot know. My inference seoms to mo to ho a logical eequitur, but, beyond that I cannot go; for. the human mind is droumscribea and hemmed in by material restrictions, the .necessary environments of our earth-life. In our necessary, ignorance of tho conditions of tho spiritual entity, we: are, "perforce, thrown .back upon the authority of 'tiibso to whom this highor knowlcdgo haa beon revealed. Tho oonditionod thing, evon, we can only partly comprehend, ana Diie aliter vitum. ,v I realise' that in God'e universo, there ate innumerable other, roalitios. besides thoss material things, which can bo: weighed and measured in tho sciontifiq laboratory. Iein- coroly respoct j-our correspondont's doubts in regard to tboso mattors. T am sure Ten nyson was right wbon ho said — " Thoro lives more faith in honest doubt. Believe mo; tban in half tho oreods;" \- ' Tlio individual who has waded painfully ' and .manfully nomas the dark rivor of doubt and pranted his feet firaily on tho opposite hank of the' Higher Truth, thanks God and takes oourago for tho future. Again, I must agologise, Mr. Editor,: for tho longth of my, letter, hilt I find'it impos sible to ehorten it; and preeerve the' sense.' I trust therefore yoh will pardon my appar ent prolixity. and P ..Boliavo uio, i faithfully vniirs, WALTER W. MA&TKLTi.; 