SHORT STORY. m e JEALOUS LOVER. Between our houBa and Farmer Hiynor's lay two green meadows. it was curious enough to look across them and see the bright dark green of the prase in one, and the mellow yellow tints of the other. Tiie first, too, was dotted all over with clover, pink and white, and only now and then a dandelion grew in the other. I Between the meadows lay a clump of trees 'and bushes, and an old- fashioned Btile. When the moon was high, and a round silver shield in the dark night sky, 1 used to go down to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the Buy nor homestead. It was long 'and low, with dormer windows on the rool. III,by chance, I saw alight in tlie one 1 Knew belonged to Eve ttiyiior's room, 1 thought {my vigil well rewarded; for 1 loved live Raynor as knights in old romance loved tneir ladies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty .hand, or seiu more than " good day" as we passed on the road. Our families were not on visiting terms, and we never met that way. Auy other joung fellow, smitten as 1 was, would cava managed to know her better somehow, but 1 made no effort to win my way to her liking. My own fault, then, say you J Well, perhaps you are right, but true love is always a little fearful of itseif. Your flirt is bold , enough, but when the heart is touched— presto I away flies confidence and vanity, and }ou say to yourself, " There's nothing m ma : to like," or "She'll never look at me; what is the use of hoping V' You never saw her; and words can't tell you just what she is. Go out into tlie garden and find a lily among beds ot dahlias and Queen Margarets and flaunting poppits, and you'll know how she looked among other girls. Kud a pearl among shreds c£ broken glass and pebbles,and ycu'll know what she seemed to me in a crowd of other women. Once her dark . „ „ „ - „„. . road by stealth, and felt half afraid to touch jt.—it seemed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when I went home—the most sacred place I could think of. It is there yet; two red-brown threads and something tbat looks like a crisp bit of scorched paper. That was coming from church one Sunday. The next, while I had the flower against my bosom, and was sitting where I could see the Bsynors' pew, which was under the gallery where the school-children sat, a clumsy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-book over the railing. I saw it drop, and then saw her sink forward, and was beside her and had her out in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hurt, for the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I would have left; but church was out, and all going home, and the old people wodd have me take tea with them. They made a fuss about my kindness, too, as though any brute could have done less when she dropped like a hurt deer. ! i , | j Il I went home to tea in the wagon, and I Bat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wish I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I was that night. Well, the ice was broken, and with it, it seemed, an old feud between my people and the Biynora, about a triangular patch of ground, not big enough to build on, and too sandy to plant; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and Mrs. Baynor took tea together, and chatted when they met. All I thought of was the chance of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms. I did see ber. In a month we were old friends. I did not dare think she liked me much; but she chatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked at her, as. good manners or not, I had to look sometimes; and though I wa8 brown and burly, with great red farmer's hands and a voice to match my size, sometimes I used to think I'd plant my lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom (or life. You never would have guessed as I ploughed in the great field, or tossed the scented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poemB that were in my brain, under my shock of yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever say of their lady-loves half what I thought about Eve Baynor when I was busy at the humblest work. I heard a strain of music once, though, that said it all without a single word, or it seemed BO ; for I stood listening to it with her hand crushed tight in mine in the shadow. There was some great man or other at the hotel, and they were serenading him. And I felt through her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I Bald when all were out of hearing: "Eve Baynor, if you ever ceaEe to love me, I shall die I" and bent down to look into her eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tearB. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did ; I know no on6 loved more. One night, as I was going home (prayers were said at ten at the Baynors', and every one expected to leave at once), I met half way upon the road, which I had taken because the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young man with a portmanteau in his hand, looking about him with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scarcely knew which path to take. He was, I could Bee in the moonlight, very handsome and dressed in a style not common in our acuntry place. There was a flash of gold at ais fob,-and a glimmer of precious stones on his ungloved hand, and as I came nearer, a iaint perfume, such as some girls I'knew brought into church with them on their handkerchiefs. He was a b : g fellow, too. despite all ; heB6 delicate daintinesses of toilet, and hiB »oice was clear and musical, but u thorough man's voice, when be spoke to me. " Can you tell me the way to the Baynor farm-house, sir ? It should be somewhat close at hand, if my memory serves me." "Straight on," I said; "the first house you come to on the right; you can't mistake it." " Thank you," said he. I'ts only fair to tell you, however," aaid I, "that they are all in bed by this time." He laughed. " I had forgotten country ways," said he. • However, if my uncle won't let me in, I'll sleep on the porch, until morning. There used to be a famous porch, with an old bench on it long enough to rc-pose a giant." " It isn't—it can't be little Ned Ware ?" cried I. "Not little I" ;wl hei "rot little any lonper, but Ned Ware still. you? 1 ' " I am Theodore BreBt 1" " We shook hands then. Years before— two barefooted country boys—who had played in the woods together—friends, as boys will be despite all family fends. He was Farmer JSiynor's nephew, and had, I remember, inherited some property, and been sent to a boarding-school. I could scarcely believe that time had altered him so —time and education, and association with polished men. I went back with him to the Biynors', and saw old sleepy Hepsiba admit him. Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams of exquieite youths, more perfect than mortal man could be, who won Eve Riynor from me. Ah, me! jealousy is an ill weed—once plant , there's no end to it. The dreams came irom s tnougnt or two 1 bad hardly been con* scions of; and the thoughts remained when the dreams were over. He was her only cousin; hut why should ehe be forever walking with him, talking to him, smiling on him 1 Why should he eit beside her in church, holding her book for her and singing with her ? Why should he look upon me as a straDger and monopolize her, or endeavor towhenl game, &a; \ had so good i n ngnt to do, to spend my evenings at tne farm-house? Had ehe told him ? Had any of them told him of our engagement? I doubted it. And be would be there the summer through. It seemed to me I could not bear it. I bad been so happy since Eve promised to be mine; now I was wretched. I grew moody, and sat silent in her presence, while he talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making the contrast so much greater than it need have been. At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that—to make he suffer something of my pain. I bore the absence from her one Sanday to the next Then, in the twilight hush of the Jane evening I took my way acrosB the meadow. 1'iie Sibbath silence was on everything. The fir ofi chiming of a church-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The scent of primroses filled the air, and the doves in the cote behind the house murmured musically. 1 opened the Rate, and entered. Beside the gate was a little rustia arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it. I saw two pictures, The first—Eve Raynor standing, a white statue, in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The second—Eve Ray. nor caught to Ned -Ware's heart with a wild, passionate cry of " My love I my life 1" Ere he unclasped his arms, I stood before them. T ,, ,. , .... . 1 called her by a bitter name. I flung at h , er feet r tbs . rlD « T she given me m e*. ? h an B e for mine. I sa^, I scarce knew what, in my frenzy, and strode away, leaving them dumb and motionless. Halt way over the meadowl began to understand what had befallen me—as we understand great woes at last—and fell upon the long damp grass as though I bad been shot. Lmg past midnight I crept into my bedroom window, and began to pack a fewthinge in my carpet bag—linen, and a second coat; the stockings knit by my old mother's hands; | the little bible she bad given me, and mj i slender stock of money. Then, on a sorap DEAR MOTHER—Don't think hard of me— do not think I do not love yon. You are the only being I now love in the world; but I cannot stay at ElmB—1 cannot breathe its air. Eve Raynor hae jiited me, and I should go mad were I to see her daily with her lover, as I must if I remain. I shall take to seafaring life, I think, and if I ever find myself better of my hurt, I shall come back to you again. I don't hope it, though. It is too deep and sore. God bless you, and good-by. Your loving Bon, THEOBOBE BBEST. Then I clambered ont of the window, and before I took the hiRh road to the car depot, went to the dear old stile to take the last look at Eve's home, over whose threshold, in all human probability, I should never pass again. White as a ghost the moon scudded through gathering cloud?, white In her light lay the farm-house, with its sloping roof and dormer windows beyond the yellow field; against the background - of ' moonlit wall rose the clomps ' of currant bushes, and the curved outline of that rustic arbor. About me rose dark elms, and dank, thick grass. Only the step of the stile was silver-lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot ol a dead elm tree. I took it all off upon my heart. I said: " Heaven forgive ber I He can never love her as I do 1" and then I strode away toward the station. It waa two good miles away, but the early train had not arrived when I reached the place. I sat down in the waiting-room; but lor shame I could have wept like & woman. I beard the ringing of a bell—the scream of a whistle. The train was coming. Therewas a chattering withont about sundry trunks beioDging to two old women who had jnst cone up in a wagon, and the door of the waiting-room was flong open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man could bo. Despite bis triumph, he looked wretched. He paced the floor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For the first time in my life I wanted to kill a thing God made Mav He forgive me for it! We looked at each other in dead silenoe. Ned broke it. " Where are yoa going ?" he said. " What is that to you ? !on insult me by speaking to me. You have robbed me— let that suffice. It is dangerouB to speak to me just now. For Eve's sake I warn you to leave me." " So / have robbed yon ?" he B&id;, with a sneer. " Yes. You know she waB mine. I warn you again. Go 1" He folded his arms and looked at me. " I am going," he said. " The bad within me is struggling to make me go in silenae. The good says apeak. I'll try to obey the good, little as there is of it. You are half mad, Theodore Brest. You have seen and beard with a jealous man's eyes and eara- You are not robbed. I wish you were. I don't deny it. But Eve Baynor is youi-s— not mine - " " I saw her in your arms," said I. He laughed a bitter laugh. I I Listen," he Baid. " I have only a moment ; for I do not wish to be left at Elms, and the train is coming. You gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I loved her also. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and lost. She told me you were her betrothed hosbsQ^j and that she oared nothing for me." Down the road came the shrieking train; the bell was clanging. HO caught op his portmanteau. " I clasped her to my heart," he went on. " It was a mad thing to do; but it was an adieu, and againBt her will. Madman! go back and beg her pardon for the words you said 1 If she forgives you, I would give a kingdom to take your place. A kingdom 1 Bah! the world 1 " All aboard!" yelled a voice at the door. " You believe me?" he asked. "God bless you—God reward you!" I grasped. But he was gone ere I oould clasp bis hand. I never forgot him, but I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note which I had written in fragments. 1 knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed since I was a little child, and in the early morning I sought Eve Baynor. She forgave me. She pitied and understood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the Bummer waned, she was my wife. We are old people now, and children tall and strong gather about our hearth at eventide; and the eldest of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his mother's velvet eyes, is named Edward Ware. So we christened him in memory of that noble rival who, in hie own great grief, had mercy upon mine. Two Parisian duelists, Saint Beuve, the critic, and M. Dubois, the journalist, met to settle a little affair of honor. It was a dismal morning, and the rain fell in torrents. Saint Beuve insisted upon holding up hiB umbrella as well as bis pistol, saying, " I am quite ready to be killed, but I do not wish to catch cold." Both adversaries shot four times but neither was harmed. A Chicago minister, preaching on " The Immorality of the Soul," stepped to the f r .°" t u of the P latfolm . sn<i . levelling a finger 8t ttl e . C03 e«gation, eaiil: » You may Iote your £ lv ® s a ° d set others; yon may lose j ? our husbands and get others ; you may f° ee norses and carriages and get othere, I out when you lo&e; your souls it's good-bye, 