LEGENDARY LORE. SOME STRANGE STORIES. Legendary lore in ho acceptable «> the people of Germany that the old and young nllkc are familiar with ths rich stores of wisdom or romance that have come to them from a picturesque past. It never occurs to the sincere Ger man inlnd that any one can make light of such stork- as those -that arc told at the fireside on winter nights when the stonn king Is abroad in his might. They have legends of love, ami legends of hntc, legends to tnnke biughter, and legends that are dark, stern and tragic, like those of the Jlinck Forest. No ; trace of conscious Christianity can be found In fhem, hut there Is irfteu a i lesson of heathen philosophy, eonilHjoxl with weird, wild tales of tragic origin, j One of the legends still popuher j among the credulous Is that of " The . Wild Hunt," anil old folks tell It to the children when a sudden storm Is heard Jn the night, as the wind rusle-s by. "It Is the wild huntsmen, take thou care," and the children are glad to he safe between their feather beds. The legend runs thus : The Lowenbcrg, one at the seven mountains, was the hunting- ground of a wicked squire who hunted every day, not excepting Sunday, wlieu man and beast were supposed to rest. But this was not the worst. He had no respect for the church, and on one oc casion hunted a wild hoar and drove tt Into a church, where he slew it at the foot of the altar. For thhr act of sacri lege he was torn to pieces by a pack of hounds sent from the Infernal re gions for that purpose. Kver since then the Hnhhnthdireaker'a ghost is doomed to rlrle In a K|x«:lrnt train with a hand of huntsmen, who, like himself, arc ex piating their sins, and with a pack of demon hounds at their heels, he being doomed to lend the wild hunt for ever. A legend of the Australian Alpu Is very touching, bordering, us It docs, on one of the mysteries of religion. The wife of I'ilnte Is believed to wander In litis district In order to receive a pun ishment which Is not eternal hut limit ed to the Day of Judgment. Her doom Js to gather the souls of unbnptlsed In fants. She is their keeper ami on sum mer nights she lends them through the earth and flax Holds, where with their shadowy hands they tear off all the blighted ears, nnd the harmful Insects, and bear them away In their little pitchers. One mother of nn unUnptlsod child wept Inconsolobly for her lust offspring. Suddenly their nppeared before her a strange child, a little, brighl-eyed thing of four or five years who carried a heavy pitcher uml addressed the fright ened woman. " Mother, yon must slop crying. Your tears fill my pitcher and cause It to overflow. They make It so heavy I can not keep up with my companions. And they make tne unhappy for no fault of mine own." The mother ceased crying, and soon after she saw a radiant llguro sur rounded by a number of Utile ones, and the happiest face among them was that of her own little child, whose pitcher was now light ami enslly bom. Indian history abounds with legends. Mere Is one of the two water Jam. One of the water Jars was gorgeously- painted on the outside, nnd looked very tMUiutlful to the eye, hut contained noth ing hut worthless trash, while the other was of plain brown earthenware, and had no paint to make It attractive, hut was filled with things of great value, such as (locks and herds, all the riches that the heart could desire. When the two water Jars were finished, the wise men called up. the people, the tribes of the Pueblos nnd the Navajo, and com manded them to make their choice of the two. The Navajo were permitted to choose first nnd they seized upon the , handsomely-painted Jar which wan worthless, so the other became the only ohclce of the fortunate Pueblos. The wise men then nahl : Hero Is the eternal fa to of the two nations. You, Pueblos, will enjoy an abundance of the good things of life ; you will live In houses of your own, nnd have plenty of flocks and herds ; but you, Navajos, will bo a poor and wandering race, r desti tute of comfort, ami greedy for 'show rather than for things of real value. These trails nro distinguishing trails of the two tribes to this day. The Indian legend of the origin of war Is this : One hundred- nnd eighteen years after the creation of the world. Kitchi IManUou, a great spirit, looked down on the earth for the first time, nnd saw old men and women coming out of their lodges, grey-liaired ant) stooping, nnd (When they tried to walk they fell t«/ pieces from extreme old age. The Great Spirit then thought that he had made the Indians to live too long, and that they Increased too rapldly.So he .ctinng- ed his first plan and sent out four Spir its of Thunder to tell the Indians that thoy must fight. They Obeyed, after which they decreased rapidly. The In dians who died In battle were fortunate ns the Great Spirit kept their souls near him.— 'Tress." 