Jottings byy the Way. It is interesting to learn disease germs love gold, dislike silver, and posi tively hate copper. • The " Pall Mall Gazette" calls this a critical taste for money, and one of the Sydney papers drags in bimetallism to eke out the humour. At any rate, experiments re cently made upon " microbe cultures with gold, silver, and copper show that even the most noxious germs will thrive upon gold. Silver, on the other hand, produces a depressing effect upon most microbes with whom it comes In con tact, the aversion to bimetallism being so strongly developed In the cholera ba cillus, for Instance, that it will leave a space of five millimetres round a bright sixpence. The cholera bacillus having had exceptional opportunities for study ing this question in the East, must to some extent, we suppose, be regarded as an authority. Finally, no microbe can stand copper. They not only dislike it, but it kjljs the,m. A gentleman named Uffelmann spread liquid cultures of microbes upon copper coins, and the microbes died within [Seventeen minutes." Still another antidote to snakebite is recorded. We have already been much exercised over the strychnine treatment with its dangers and successes ; while chloride of lime has come upon the scene as * perfectly innocuous yet thoroughly reliable. Now we get help from the snake itself. A cablegram.has appeared in the Southern papers which announces that Professor Fraser, of Edinbuugh, has discovered an antidote to snakebite In the serum of the blood of the reptile. So do we get on. As Mr. Balfour, if House of Commons fame, has suggosted—we shall soon find the average age of human life extended to the century if this piling up of discoveries continues. Then will David the Psalmist be left behind, and " three score years and ten" utand for youth, not for old age. A comical illustration of the knotty questions which have to be solved by Customs officers engaged in collecting protectionist duties has been discovered by Mr. Sydney Smith. Some time ago (says the "S. M. Herald") a man at Bathurst met with an accident by which he lost one'leg. The residents subscribed to purchase him a wooden leg of the latest pattern, but when it arrived in Sydney it was found to be subject to a duty of £2 58. The victim of the accident was astonished, and wanted to know, through Mr. Sydney Smith, from the Customs authorities, whether he would have had to pay this tax If he had come into the country wearing the wooden leg. He has been informed; however, that the Act does not permit any refund in the case of wooden legs. ' Mr. Sydney Smith has written to the victim of the accident sympathising with him, and explaining that when the present iniquitous tariff has been repealed such hardships as he had suffered from would be removed. A correspondent tells an English paj?.er the following story of South Australia, which might have been told of Queens land .:—" Just now the consumer of victuals," he writes, " must feel very complacent. Whether the producer re gards the situation with as much equan imity is extremely doubtful. The empty South Australian can be filled to reple tion for about fourpence. For this trifl ing sum he can have a pound of chops, with capital vegetables, and a bunch cf grapes, which for quality could not be beaten. He may vary his meal with steak, veal, or lamb, his vegetables ad infinitum, and his fruit with peaches, melons, apricots, and so on. Durjn? the month of March last mutton was 2d., veal 3d.* and beef 4d. per lb. retail ; whilst a forequarter of lamb could be had for Is. 6d.! Grapes were 2s. 6d. per . cwt. wholesale, and %d. per lb. retail. The splendid melons for wbich Adelaide is famous were selling at exactly the same prices as the grapes. Peaches and apri cots were about 3s. a case. As Mel bourne men used in the old days to call Adelaide ' the farinaceous village,' it is not necessary to give the low price of ' dumpling dust.' Eggs were twenty four for Is., and butter Is. per lb." CharleviUe has a town clerk who is not afraid to tell aldermen what he thinks of them. He had been intrusted with the work of making a valuation of the municipality on the understanding that a bonue would be forthcoming. Ac cording to the Mayor, en outsider would have charged £40 or £50, as the necessary labour and experience were very con siderable. When the bonus question came up at the council table one very liberal soul suggested five guineas, but at last £10 was decided upon, and the town clerk, called in. He at once said that he could not thank the gentlemen for the offer. " Mayor (surprised) : Can't, thank us ? Town Clerk : No. 'Mayor : If I thought it was not worth having i would not take it. Town 'Clerk : It is worth more than that." However, the money was accepted. Probably next time the bonu6 will be fixed. A Mackay paper says that " one of the new stories in circulation is that there was once a provincial man in a certain town which we call A ?. This gentleman had a very exalted opinion of that particular town. He died ; and when he reached his eternal home he looked around him with much surprise, and said to the attendant who had opened the gate for him. ' Really, this does great credit to A , I expected some change in heaven.' The attendant eyed the new arrival for a second, and then observed, ' This Is not heaven.' " Clermont claims that valuable coal measures have been proved to exist In that district, and calls upon the Govern ment to assist in developing them. Say* the " Peak Downs Telegram" :—" If a truck-road were laid down to connect the coalfield with the railway terminus, and a fairly liberal tariff fixed for the transport of the coal along the main line, we have no doubt that the output of coal from this district Avould be sufficient to meet all the requirements of the Central Division, and that the rolling stock, in stead of being cankered with rust, would be kept In constant daily operation, and made to return a Handsome quota to u«e national revenue." Petty larceny In high places Is still, as of old, an unknown form of fejbny. Once upon a tfme, nevertheless, a certain magnate on his way from a metropolis to a Queensland station, one of his colo nial properties, was entertained at tho house of a New South Wales township king whose pet name in those parts was Shylock. The great man arrived about quarter seas over, and left somewhere about three-quarters. When he reached his ho.tel, which was not far off, he found that his vestas with the usual perversity of their kind in the small hours refused to Ignite. Disdaining to waste trouble upon them, he retraced his devious way to the drawing-room he had quitted some half-hour earlier, and where the host and hostes? on retiring for the night al ways left the lamp alight till dawn. All doors are open in those latitudes nearly all the year round, and the pilgrim found no difficulty in making his way to the goal of his hopes, capturing the mag nificent lamp, and transferring it to his dressing table at the hotel. Next morn ing at dawn, when the Chinese cook at Shylock's went to extinguish the lamp, he found no lamp awaiting him, and swiftly raised the hue and cry. A brother Chow at Tattersall's discovered the miss ing " link," but the Queensland man was not so much as named to Inspector O'Rourke, which was just as well for him, considering that no First Offenders Act had yet been framed. He married a damsel of high degree, and died in the odour of Glenllvet. «Co-operatlon kill's the octopus of per sonal aggrandisement. Instead of one man or a few grasping all the profits, the many divide them. We know how a Victorian vigneron went to London to fight this ugly beast of greed. He was in the habit of sending home his wine to a great firm at a certain price, and by co-operating with his neighbours could command a good supply and assure them and himself a reasonable profit. But the London firm wrote one day saying that they could not give more than so much, a gallon—a considerable drop on the past rate. Thereupon the Victorian went to London, saying nothing to any body, and found that he could dispose of all his wine at an advance. The firm only woke up to find themselves euchred when their little game had been exposed. They thought they had a monopoly ; but by that last squeeze they lost all their advantage. The colonial youth may be trusted to take care of himself. He is made that way, self-helping, though not perhaps invulnerable—as Emerson pictures young America after being dipped in the Styx of human experience. The latest illustra tion of young Australia's calmness comes from Braidwood, in New South Wales. It is perfectly delightful. The Braid wood " Despatch" says that a gentleman was driving at night to the town along one of the main roads, when he saw approaching a tremendous firefly—or was it a. ghost ? At any rate some illumina tion seemed to be travelling along the centre of the road, and ou coming nearer it suddenly burst into " a large sheet of revolving flame." For a moment the marvel made him giddy, and then the solemn truth was revealed. Read on. The Braidwood "Despatch" says :— "Judge of his astonishment when he saw a lad driving a cart and lying full length in front of a blazing fire, which he had built upon stones in the middle of his dray. Long pieces of wood were laid on the stones, and as these burnt down the coals fell through the holes in the bottom of the cart on to the road. The sheet of revolving flame he had seen Mr. Allen discovered was caused by a newspaper which had caught fire being drawn round the wheel of the cart. The lad was contentedly smoking his pipe as though he were comfortably ensconced ih an armchair in front of a fire in his home. When asked if he was not afraid of the cart catching fire he replied with the utmost composure that he ' didn't care if both the cart and horses caught fire so long as he could keep himself warm.' And he really looked as if such a contingency didn't 'rouble him in the slightest." Melbourne " Punch" has yet another Hopetoun anecdote for its readers. The Southern comic says that the story is told in. connection with the accident Lady Hopetoun met with in the hunting field, and that " near to the spot where She was thrown a coursing meeting was being held. The place was a considerable dl?tance from the nearest railway sta tion, so one of the evening papers, which was making great efforts to get the results of the coursing matches into its last edition, had a cab chartered for the purpose of driving to the station to catch the trains. Just at the time when the prostrate and bleeding Countess wa? being carried to the station the news paper messenger-boy hove in sight, rid ing like, a lord In his cab.. • Hi, boy !" shouted one of the gentlemen with Lady Hopetoun ; ' let us put this lady inside your cab, and drive her to the station !' ' Can't stop I' shouted the youngster ; • must catch the train, or the " copy" will be late.' ' But it is Lady Hopetoun who has fallen from her horse !' 'Gam !' answered the perky boy, * who do you think you're a-stuffin of ? Lady 'Ope toun ! Why don't yer say it's the Queen? Drive 'ard, cabbie, or we shall miss it!' The train was stopped, as a matter of fact, because some one rode on in ad vance and told what had happened. And that boy came in for a sharp reprimand, but he had erred in excess of zeal for ' his paper,' and considered that he had shown .the true journalistic in?tinct." 'A ludicrous incident occurred at Kaiser lautern, Bavaria, in connection with Prince Bismarck's birthday. An anony mous .poem, glorifying the great ex- Chancellor, appeared on that date in tbe columns of a local newspaper. An ob servant reader discovered that the verses were In the nature of an acrostic, the initial letters forming the following sentence :—" (the name of the editor of the journal in question)' is the biggest fool in Kaiserlautertr." Since then copies of that issue have been at a tre mendous premium. Mr. Hoolan will have his joke. Even a dead rat provides him with a para graph, and the last Issue of the " Mundic Miner" announces : —" If there is a bad smell about the paper this issue—that is to say, if it is high and aristocratic in tone, if it bristles up in the fingers and crackles when you turn it over, if the paper seems at all uppish—you can put it down to rats. An old veteran that has been expelled from Reed's, black balled at Burnett's, kicked out of Mor ris's, and threatened with the police at Godden's, took refuge in this shanty, and fell into the ink drum. He was dead and buried a fortnight at least when his remains were discovered. No wonder people say this paper is strong." Dutch housewives are proverbially thrifty, and' the Dutch aB a nation are wonderfully clean and clever. They have wre?tled with Nature and beaten her. As a specimen of what may be done with a town by Buch people an ex change points out that " the cleanest town in the world Is said to be Brock, In Holland. It Is only a few miles from the capital, and has been famous for its cleanliness from time immemorial. It is also notable on account of the fanciful style of Its houses and yards, and gar dens and streets. The people, though only peasants, are well-to-do, and all feel a pride in their town. It seems to be the first business of their lives to keep their houses freshly painted, their gardens in perfect order, and their yards and streets as clean as a parlour. No carts are allowed in the streets, and no cattle. Though the raising of stock and the making of butter and cheese are their occupations, a stranger would "never imagine that there were any cattle in the region. The streets are too fine and neat for the feet of the animals to step on ; all are paved with polished stones, intermingled with bricks of dif ferent colours, and kept so scrupulously clean that a lady could Walk anywhere lii white satin slippers." The Abrahams conspiracy cases, which have just been tried in Melbourne, seem to have caused as much comment in that capital as the Dean case has caused in Sydney. Two reasons may be nrlven. In the first place the defendants are Jews, and their counsel has suggested that it is all a matter of "racial hatred." Mr. Gaunson hinted to the Jury that the whole business was a piece of persecution—Christians against Jews. The presiding Judge naturally jumped upon this statement of the case. He pointed out that the Attorney-General, " the chief law officer of the Crown who had put the defendants on their trial, was himself a Jew, a true, real, genuine Jew." His honour soon set that idea in Its right place. He said that the sug gestion was an Insult to the jury, to the court, and to the whole administration of justice. Tho second reason why Melbourne people are interested in the Abrahamaes is the way in which they tumble off into fits. There are four of the defendants-; and hysteria and fainting play upon them all without any prejudice whatever. It is now poor Louis who sobs and moans. As Mr. Duffy finishes his appeal to the Jury on behalf of the pri soners, all four rest thelv heads on their hands and weep bitterly. How touch ing ! Later on poor dear Alfred gets quite hysterical, and "his shrill ciies almpst drown the voice of the crier pro claiming the adjournment of the cane." It is very affecting ! The unfortunate creatures are thus before the world, " broken in health, broken In pocket, and broken In character"—Nemesis has given them fits. But, alas !we cannot forget how the public was taken in and done for first. Goondlwindi folk are being hauled over the coals. The town seems to be thriv ing in one way, and collapsing in ano ther. Business is brisk, so the local paper affirms, the circus and the strolling player, find It worth while to visit the border, and there are sdgns of general life: and activity. But the " M'Thtyre Herald" gives one' or two facts wJiich show that religion;and benevolence.are at a discount. The following confession is made :*—" There are signs of weakness amom? us that point to. want of unity in "thought, heart, and action, signs showing that, however much our people may be alive in many ways, they . are. wofully slow and backward In others." The churches are utterly deserted, and the hospital languishes, and the '" Herald" is therefore upon the warpath. As regards the churches In Goon.li windi, it is stated that a look round will show "In one direction a disused kirk, and beside it a deserted manse, which, after having undergone many vicissi tudes since being diverted from its ori ginal purpose, is now .standing useless* and idle. In another direction is to be seen the English Church, standing like Its compeer on the sand ridge, idle and unused save as a children's classroom on a Sunday afternoon. Besi-.le it a spick-and-span new rectory, which has never yet been occupied, rears its strange lop-sided form. This wonderful monu ment of unique architecture—this • pig with one lug,' as a recent visitor de scribed it—is also empty." The Border Hospital seems to be near the same fate through lack of funds, and may soon be closed. Mr. Justice Dash wood's opinion that women cannot live in the Territory is about on a par with what used to be said of cabbages (writes the Northern Territory. " Times"). Twelve or thirteen years ago It was generally believed that It would be quite as easy to grow door knobs as English cabbages. Yet an article has been produced,equal to the Southern vegetable. And the same thing applies to English potatoes and a host of other things. We have never at any time had a very great number of women here, but of those we have a large percentage have lived here for years and years without a change. Some who came as infants, and who are now mothers of families, are as strong and hearty as they would have been had they put in a similar term of existence in the hot- wind and sand-storm regions of South Australia proper. Thus " Peter Lombard" In the "Church Times" :— "Extempore preachers ehould keep their' sentences well in hand, and always be ready to pull up (it was Bishop Wllberforce's saying) at any word. The curate of Wyezedton was recently ad dressing his congregation. -He turned to different classes of his hearers, " And you old men with your hoary head," &c;, &c.; Then addressing the young- men he said, " And you young men with > our blooming cheek—ahem ! I mean with the bloom still upon your cheek." But it was too late. " Woomera" must wink the other eye rather frequently when- suoh stories as the following are sent for insertion in the " Australasian." He says : — "A Queensland correspondent, to whom I have been long and largely indebted, sends particulars of the very latest strike in that region, where strikes of all kinds ripen like mangoes or pine apples in the open. The blacks from their camp were accustomed to visit the township daily, and do odd jobs for publicans, storekeepers, and others, the universal payment being sixpence. One morning the casual employers of black labour were coolly informed that the tribe had been ordered on strike. ' China man bin wantem tchillln now, longa opium,' said one of the toilers ; * baal blackfellow any more take'm tick pence.' 'V' Taking "Woomera" all round the quality of his anecdote • keeps up. As for instance :—" They had been out for a kangaroo hunt in the North, and the distinguished British visitor was boasting the pace of the horse he rode. On their way home an emu was seen on the plain, and the globe-trotter went for a burst after it,. but returned later somewhat dissatisfied with the run. ' Did you catch her ?'. some one asked. 4 Catch her ?' said the disgusted new chum ; ' why, bai Jove, I couldn't even make the blessed bird canter.' " " Woomera" has netted another Joke for the " Australasian" on the bald headed man. He says :—" A large sta tion owner pn the Lachlan lately took his little boy with him on a first trip to Sydney. The youngster was possessed of that candour which station life brings out, and wtien he wished to learn about anything had no hesitation about ask ing. While they lunched at the Metro pole, an old gentleman with a pronoun ced bald head came and sat opposite them. ' What makes his head like that, father ?' Tommy asked in a bush whis per—for the infirmity was a new one. The father pretended not to hear the question, and tried to divert the conver sation into other channels, but Tommy was not to be bluffed. As life gazed at the shiny patch a light broke upon him. 'Oh, I know, father,' he said, * his head has been rlngbarked.'" The sweep prosecutions at Charters Towers have come out with a different result from what most people expected. A conviction under an Act of William 111\. puts the question of legality in a new light ; and the critic begins to wonder whether the Government have not been aiding and abetting what is contrary to law by accepting revenue through the Post Office for sweep letters. Curiously enough Parliament last session would give the Government no permission to refuse this lucrative correspondence. Had the Postmaster-General simply sat back upon King William he might have saved himself much trouble. But then, of course, there was an element of doubt about the Statute passed in the seven teenth century ; and it is only since Judge Noel has expressed himself satis fled that the. daylight seems to have strengthened. .Presence of mind Is a better possession than silver and gold. A recent sufferer says so, anyhow, and Is willing to make oath in support of the same. He felt a touch of rheiimatl?m iii the back some where, and asked the wife of his bosom to apply, with a little elbow grease, some patent emhrocatlon thereto. This was accordingly done by the good lady— by candlelight. Suddenly the taper flickered. Like a thrifty soul the dame, to save her eyesight and to make a march' for scissors to trim the wick un necessary, used her fingers. To her im mense amazement the resinous oil on her hands caught fire. Again like a thrifty soul, to save her legs, she essayed to extinguish the flames by slapping her husband's back instead of reaching for something safer. Of course the poor man began to blaze—lnside and out. Rushing from the house like a raging lunatic he made a tremendous effort to avoid martyrdom by rolling in the dust of the road outside ; and neigh bours found him rolling later on with a somewhat sulphurous denunciation of foolish womanhood. He says he has learned a lesson* : 