MISCELLANEOUS. . From tho latest files to hand we {Sydney Mail) tako the following interesting itoras : — Tho Czar, unlike his father, ventures out unattended. Two days before his marriage ho and the Princess Alix walked out together in St. Petersburg, and mnde some purchases at a clove shop. -The sprigs of myrtle carried by the Princess in her bridal bouquet were from an immense bush at Osborne which grew from the spray takon from the Empress Frederick's wedding bouquet 36 years ago. Since that date the sprigs for air the royal wedding bouquets have come from this same bush. Princess Alix, like previous Russianlmperial brides, on herwedding morn, was adorned for the ceremonial before a gorgeous toilet-table, left centuries ago for that special purpose by a former Empress. The looking- 1 glass has a frame of massive gold, and stands on a table of polished gold. Dr. Hubert Parry has been appointed to suceend Sir Goorgo Grovo as Director of the Royol College of Music. I Rubinstein was buried at St. Petersburg, with great pomp, at the expense of tho State. The officialTeport of the Parliament hill tumulus, states that in all proba bility it was an ancient British burial ground csuturies before the Christian era, but was not Boadicea's tomb. A farmer named Daly has just died at Clonmult, Ireland, aged 105. As recently as six months ago ho worked on his farm. J. T. Hearne, the Middlesex pro fessional cricketer, who is one of the fastest bowlors in the world, has ac cepted a profitable engagement from tho Maharajah of Patiala to coach his son in our national game, and give some instruction in cricket to the natives of India. A gentleman while fishing in the Bristol Channel captured a 401b stur geon. The fish was sent to the Queen, and the fisherman's courtesy has been acknowledged by a letter and a guinea. An actress has just died in a Lon don workhouse who, years ago, marrif d a man worth £40,000, which was run through mainly by her extravagance. At a sale in London a -tradivarius violin dated 1701 sold for £600: A strango accident befel Mr. Whymper, the famous mountain climber, who had scaled many almost inaccessible heights without injury. He was to lecture in Liverpool on his ex periences, and fell while ascending the staircase leading to the platform. His collar-bone was fractured, and the lecture had to bo abandoned. A London widow, ag« d 87, died from a broken heart, through overstraining herself in fastening the buttons on her grand-daughter's dress. It was stated that such a death had only been known to have occurred onco before. Two young men were summoned at Swansea for damaging tho communion rails in a church. It appears that thoy were in love with the same young lady, and as she was leaving the church they rushed to her side, and in the struggle which ensued the dauugo was done. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear of encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again, tliiu king that the presence of a successor would keep the apparition away. I'ho dead body of a man taken from tho Seine was identified by a woman as that of her husband, ^ho had the corpse carried home and placed on t he bed surrounded by candles. It was a case of mistaken identity. When the husband returned ho was enraged, and, had he not been prevented would havo thrown the corpse from tho window. An American has constructed an enormous magnet, which, he says, would in time of war effect a ship's compass at a distance of six miles ?\ttho Kimberley rninos a strange discovery is said to have been made. Two diamonds were found embedded in a piece of well- preserved wood, un earthed at a great depth from tho surface, On splitting the block a cavity was disclosed to view, in which reposed a living specimen of a tree frog. A young beggar, on being arrested by the Marseilles police was found to possess railway shares and other stocks representing £16, 000 Only one out of fifteen persons has both eyes in good condition. China raises almost all tho world's tea, and in addition, exports silk and laundry-men. The population of the Islands of Japan numbers 41,000,00U. Asiatic cholera is the most rapidly fatal thing known to medical scienoo. In Italy thirty out of every 10,000 penile dio by tho knife of the a-;assin. Great Britain manufactures every year £50,000,000 of iron and £94,000,001) of steal. A Washington woman supports her self by shopping for other »omen on commission. No less than from £13,|10!1,00l) t « £1400il,0H0 sterling is raised by opium growing in India yearly, and of this £7,500,1100 finds its way into the Exchequer. In dressing down an axle at the Pennsylvania shops at Fort Wayne, In., recently a machinist turned off a steel shaving twenty-two foet long. This is two feet longer than tho one exhibited at the World's Fair. Russian newspapers aro not per mitted to mako any reference to the dresses worn by the Empress on State or publio occasions. This is only a ro cent prohibition. In Corea a woman is a poor beast of burden, to whom is given not even a name I She is designated as the ' first daughter of X' or the second or the third, or as the ' first wife of Y.' He who gets in the habit of doing favours will never lack employment even if ho is occasionally short on meals. Whon tlio convict first arrived at the prison it struck him as rather ap propriate to hear tho wardor whistling that lovely air. ' Abide with H)e,' 