THE ARCHBISHOP OF ADELAIDE. RECEIVES THE PALLIUM. NO CEREMOInY IN ADELAIDE. UNUSUAL PROCEDURE. Immediately the appointment of a new Archbishop to the See of Adelaide Vvas mado known attention was turned to the cime when tho trorcreous und eo'emn coi-Knouv of investi ture would take plnce hi St. Frano'.s ^vavwra Cathedral. Now, however, through exceptional oircumatrinees, no investiture will be aeceaaary, aud Dr. O'Reily atsu:;as his full title and powers of oliico in a m:\uuer which is paculiarly suitable to his rotiriug disposition — without any public function. The Cardinal Propsfjund.v Kuat out on the ocL-asioa of Dr. O'iCoily'a appointnieut authority for him to usb ail tho 'iflcnltii's' or spirituiil powora &s; Archbishop in thusama way and to tho fcaiuo e:ccu:i5 as if ha had received the pallium. To the favour con ferred upon him in this wny another has baun added. It ia tha rul'j thut Archbishops shall ii postulato' or petition witbin threo livjnilia of their appointment thu 1'oua for tho pallium, and this under esvero ^celc-iiastiopvl penaltie3. In Dr. O'ileily's case Curdinsl Lcdochowaki, Cardin:d 1'rofect of tho Propa ganda, kindly touk upoa himself to make the requijtta potiliou ior thb sicred vestnient. Ho also appointed a ijroour^tov to veprejeut tha Arolibiahop. Wheu r.n Archbishop ' postu lated'' by proxy tho oustum is for the pallium to be consigned to one or two prelates of hii,'h standing, v/ho .'.rccomsnisHioned to invest tha Archbiuhon-uieet; wi»h ihoinsipniaof his oHice, which iusiguirk -d r.iso on trusted to them. In tho prcseut in3-:anue Dho praefcies has apparently baen departed from. Tho Cardinal Prefect informs Dr. O'!!ei!y iu a letter received by tha Kaplish mail this week that the procurator appointed !iaa biu-n in vested in his (Dr. O'Keily's) nauia with the pallium, and thus all tho ceremonies usual on such oooaaions havo been carried cue ia Roms. This procsduro, as far us tho Archbishop kuowe, is rather unusual. Still ho reads tho Cs,rduiRl'ti letter in thn aeusa alruady es jilniued. Acconlitis to Roman practice Arch biahops newly appointed werenavcr addressed as 'Archbishop*' simply, but aa 'Arch- biihopa- eleet,' until Buoh tiino aa the actual investiture with tbe pallium has taken place. In the letter bo has reoeived Dr. O'Reily in addresEed as 'Aruhbiahop' absolutely. Moreover, them ia no mention of prelates obr.rgod with tbe office of performing the ceremony of investiture. Finally the pallium has been aatualiy forwarded to Dr. O'Heily under aeparato cover, and ic ia now in his ponsesBiou. Tho Archbishop had come to town from Glenelg on Monday last to prepare hia patition for th« pallium when tho English mail was delivered to bin,. Among liiolctters was the one irotn Cardinal L'jdochowski, while the pallium v.t.s ueut in u rtfuatered packet). A fow word i about the manufacture cf tho pallium uud tba ceremony of iavc-stituro may not bo out of place. The nuns of St. A&asii; oifer every year two white lumba upon tbe altar of their church ou tho feast-day uf thsir pitron saict as tha moment wlitn tho ' Asuue Dei' is beintf sung u.1 iligh Mw. Tat-se lambs aro taken in oharfjo by two of tbo canons of 6t. John Lattrau, who Bubsiqutuily consign them to the care ut thu auoatolic Eubdeacons, who tend tbe animals to pasture until tbe timo comei for ehesring them. At tho proper (season tho wool in tckoii from tba lamba, aud be;u^ mixed witb other V7hlto wool is spun into thread, from which tho pallia, aro woven. Tho pallium itself ii about threo fingers in width. It is in tha form of a oircie resting on the shoulders, surrounding tho neck, with a email lapput of tbe &amu; width before and behind. To the band andlappsta four blaok or purple crosses are atfixea. The pallia when made are carried by the apoatuSic aubdoacona to the liasilica of Sc. foter, aud ar« doposited by the caaouuof the basilioa upon liielouib of tho blessed Apostles Petur and Paul Uuder :ha high altar, wiiero they uro v/acchud during a night's vigil. Subsequently tbo canons band ovor the pallia to thu npoatoho subdeaccnii, who caretully and reverently gu.'ird them until required on tho appoiu^mect of a new Archbishop or Archbishop.-*. When a prelate has to ask for the pallium he petitions for it instanicr, r.alantius, in stantisiirtu, first through sumo procurator chosen from amongst tha oonsistorial advo cates to tha Sovereign Pontiff in Cousistory. Tho Pontiff having dismissed the advocate auks for a vote of Chose present aa to whether the pallium is to be granted. Then ho direota the first of tho Cardinal-deacons to assign tho pallium to tlio pjrdr.ee or hia procurator. Letters apostolic are subse quently issued in the customary form, end tho chief of tbe Cardinal-duauona appoints the plaae and tho day tor handing over the pal lium. This ceremony usually takea placa in the domestic ch&pel; of thuCardinnl. On the appointed day the prelate himuclf, if ho happens to be in Kanie, attends in the basilica of St. Peter. There are prbatmt tbe firat of the Oardinal-dtacons and tho apoa tolio subdeacon with tbo pallium, which the latter places and unfolds ou the a'tnr. The Archbishop, standing before tha first Car dinal-deacon on thu riftht band, whbre the Gospel is read, makes hia petition for tho pal lium. '1'han the first Cardinal-deicou, taking tho pallium from Lho altar, places it upon the shoulders of tho prolate, who kneels buforo him whilo ho Bays — 'To the honour of Almighty God and tho Ulsi'sod Mury, ever virgin, and theBIef'getl Apost'esPeter and Paul, as well as to tho Church of ? . Committed to thy care we deliver unto thco tho pallium taktn from the body of lilc.Bed Peter, in whom is tbe plenitude of tho Poutiiical ofnea with the titlo of Arohbijhcp, which pallium you are to uso inaide your church on certain daya designated in tbo privileges uouerdwl to the Holy See. In tho name cf tho. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amta.' Then with ths help of tbe Uardiual-Bubdeacou Le adjusts tho veatment to the shoulders of tho recijwent, and pivea him the pax or oalutation of peace. The document, duly aigncu, testifying t-- th« (net of tha investiture ia cubsttjuontly dnlivcred to him. If the now Archbishop is npo in ltoma the csreruony in more or leas nimiiar, excupt that, the procurator duly apppiated takos the Arch'aishop'a place. Asked to exprtsa h:3 opinion on tho pro cedure, Dr. G'lieily only vonlurad to roivnrk that he looked upun it r,3 ostremo kindueas on Cardinal Ledoshowski'? pare to erran^e mattora as ha lTa3 dona. .Is id, us for as Iso knows, quite an uaual procedure in matters of thetiorC. Tho Archbishop express:^ himself in very grateful tormi for tho course folio worl by Cardinal Ledocbowski aud.tiii) 1'ropagando. 