SENSATIONS. •liHODT" AX TJJM.UIOO BAT. (Continued). III. (BY SNAPDRAGON.) It was midnight! The furnaccs were nil ablaze, throwing a sickly light across one end of the jetty ; the other end was only partially lit by the moon, which, although near at full, becamc obscured by clouds rising out of the sea; and crossing her pathway, hid her at times from sight. The smelters were ou their first shift for a new week after the Sabbath's peaceful lull, while the inhabitants generally were Sleeping and resting from tin, and giving no thought to ghosts, gobblinB, or anything else. It was delightfully cool, the atmosphere balmy and soft—just a night for calm, unruffled sleep ; so, notwithstanding the excitement and bravado of the day, all seemed forgotten in the advent of night. A dark shadow or two, however, flitted about the jetty, but moved so noiselessly as not to " disturb the night's solemn hush." A storm was rising from out of the ocean, but the air was so soft and nice, the waters of the bay lisping and kissing and smirking so coyly round the jetty, the moon in half mourning, and all so soothing and cool, that a dreamer might have sat there half-tranced, oblivious of time and all surroundings. But the hour had come when "ghosts do walk abroad," and, pursuant to custom, a loud yell eohocd from across the railway line, followed in a few seconds later by a man in a smelter's garb rushing terror-stricken on to the jetty, and wildly gasping out— " The Ghost! The Ghost I" Dark shadows that had not been much observed before gathered round the scared man, and listened to his broken narrative. He had completed his shift and was crossing the line on his way home, when to his horror he saw gliding nlong the first terrace a terrible figure in white, vomiting sparks of fire, and wreathing itself in blue and yellow flames. By the direction it was going he should think it was making for the Church of England cemetery, but he was too frightened to know anything more. The dark figures conferred together for a second or two, and then hurriedly separated, taking different directions. Meanwhile the ghost Was masquerading itself along the end of the terrace, and was on tho point of turning up the elevation towards the cemetery when two other ghosts sprang up simultaneously on the opposite side of the way. They seemed to come up out of the very ground. They had two little balls of fire in front of them, about the waist. , The "original ghost fairly staggered back with amazement at the intruders, and on their attempt to approach it wovered for o moment with indecision, but instantly gathering itself together, it darted off up tho road for the church, never once turning round. Without the slightest hesitation the newly-arrived sprites started in hot put suit, followed by a retinue of dark ooking figures. Tiiey raced up the road like mad things, resembling tho British soldiers going into the Sedan, and pulled up ghost No. 1 just as it was vaulting over the cemetery wall. The pursuing ghosts cleared the wall at a bound, but the others, deeming " discret : on the better part of valour," sat down at its base. There was intense excitement going on in that usually quiet sanctuary. From the frequent flashes of lightning that were preceding the coming storm, as well as the fitful rave of the moon, the placc seemed to be literally alive with ghosts. They were chasing each other around tombstones, through the lattice work of dense foliage, in and out of the sacred building, and along the boundary wall towards a large vault that faced the kitchen-door of the liotol The slab of this tomb had been rolled hack as though it were untenanted, and it was to this sepulchre that ghost No. 1 used all its efforts to get without molestation. The three ghosts had arrived panting at this stage of the chafe. No. 1 had evidently no desire - to fraternise with its gobblin brethren. It belched out sparks of fire, filled the air with the fumes of brimstone, and in many other little ways intimated that their presence was distasteful. Nor were the others less demonstrative in their own peculiar way. They growled out imprecations very unlike what might be expected to.emanate from the throats of the inhabitants of spirit "land—a'snrt of ,cparse and vulgar Irish, muttered in savage and threatening tones. Finding itself sore pressed, No. I made * spring as though it would have vaulted the wall, bnt it was only a feint, and one of its pursuers, mistaking tlio ruse, and making a dart that way, was caught by one of its legs In some infernal machine, that gripped as though in the jaws of an alligator, and the sprite, yielding up its spirituality, and assuming the* human, cried out to its companion—• " By Jabers. Kilmore, I'm caught. Give a hand here, quick." " Why, what's up, Kilmany ? Have they got thee in purgatory, old boy J" stonping down to disentangle his friend. It was a simple task, for the terrible infernal machine .proved to be only an ordinary rabbit-trap on an extended scale. They both langhed heartily, and divesting tliem&elves; of their disguises, iustead of two unoanny sprites being revealed, there stood in piece those two brilliant officers of the force—Sergeants Kilmany and Kilmore! But this little diversion, short as it had heen, enabled the original ghost the opportunity it needed, and before the brave sergeants legs were emancipated from their thraldom the original-ghost had mounted the parapet of the vault, and the next moment it had gone . V Down amongst the doad SMIL" The stone was rolled back in its place by an unseen hand, ind when the brave officers returned totiie charge they found the sepulchre hermetically sealed, and the mysterious caus^ of all the mischief vanished. j But at this juncture an intrepid ally sprang up in the person of Corporal Paget-—a gallant officer who had once filled the proud position of valle it chambre to his illuBtrious cousin, Lord Alfred Paget. On being aeked for advice in the present emergency, he Bagely observed— " Ah I Irish ghost, Scotch ghoBt, or alien ghoBt 7 Gentleman gone in here to coal his fevered brow ! Let him wait. Send for resurrection tools and adjourn to the sanctuaiy of the church for shelter from the storm." This sage advice was acted upon. (To be continued J. 