Singular Occurrence nt Singleton. A MYSTERIOUS APPARITION. A CLTASli AFTER THE MYSTERY. A Si.ncM'.tox telegram of Tuesday says:— Tlie town is much excited over the supposed uppeurauco of a ghost. . Soiiio .years ago a man named Victory, who had in his posses sion a largo sum of money, is allegod to have left Singleton 0110 night for his homo at Bulgn, and to liavo boon soon for tlio last lime when going down to tlio 'river near .Fawcett's paddocks. He never l'eaehod homo, nnd his disappcarauaa up to tho pre sent,momont is altogether unaeeountocl for. Smca V ioltciy vanished' there have been rumors o£ strango lights and apparitions about tho locality iti which ho was lust seen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, whilo walking along tlio road 0110 evening ill tho gloamiug, overtook, as ho though, a personal friend, uiul ho tupped this supposed friend on tho shoulder, only to find that his hand mot no resiataneo, but went through something unaubsUncial, Tho wraith or form, which ho tried to'touch, immediately vanished. During tho! last month or two it is asserted that strarigo lights have boen aeon hovering, about in a paddoek near tho spot which is said to bo haunted, and those lights inakb their ap pearance at 8. 35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or sovon, including Mr. -I'layford ; arid his sou and Air. Moran, employees at the railway station, wont to watch for tho light. At tho hour expected, a light suddenly inado its appearance in a paddock nearly oppo site the ooinetory. ;When first seen, the light was about tho sizo which would bo emitted from a hand lantorn, but different from that in appearance, being thin and diffused, without a very dofinito centre. It was a little abovo ground, and moved to wards the party of watoliors, apparently without tho aid of human ngoncy. After it had travollod within 100 yards or so of the observers,', it slopped. Tho waitors then began to approach the light, when a regu lar " will o tho wisp" elmso commenced.; As tho pursuers approached tho light, which had gained considerably in size, it began to rotreat at a rata regulated to tho movemonts of tho followers. If they ran, it inovod vory quickly, and kopt paco with tliom. If they walked it wont at a slower ralo; if tliey stood still, it stopped, lfiually, after loading thoiu a protty. long ehaso in tho paddoek aud by tho river, tho mystorious light vanished, and was scon 110 moro that night. A party of ovor 100 people, on horses und on foot and iu buggies, wore out last night. Tboy watched for a long time, saw nothing, and moat of thorn returned to toivn, but a fow who remained later assort, however, that tlioy again saw the mystoriouu light. • 