AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. (By J. W. Henderson.) , It was in January, and we were in .latitude 15 dog 24min south. The heat was beyond description, for we were lying becalmed under a tropical sun. The sea was a deep sapphire bine, trans lucent to a mysterious depth, bo that, leaning over the rail, one could see bit? of gaily tinted sea- weed floating far below i- the surface. Occasionally a brown fish lookiDg purple through the glorifying water would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depths into Bhivering silver, go scurrying away into the infinite unknown of the great deep. There was not a breath of air. The sea lay like molten glass under the piti less sun,. and the long Hndulation of the swell seemed like the deep pantings of a heat oppresued bosom . The horizon was lost in a dim gray haza that quivered with the radiant heat, and gave every thing an appearance of nielting. The pitch in the seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, declared that on the forecastle deck the pitch was boiling. W« warn nlinn.rd t-.hn nViin Affnn 'Pallo homeward bound from the Cape of Good Hope. , Fred Meredith and I were taking a long sea- voyage for the benefit of our health. We had been fortunate enough to secure berths on the Afton Falls for the voyage from New York to the Cape and back. The Bhip waB a big, able craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Sown, as fine a sailorman as overhauled a pig-yoke. We had been at Durban, and had rolled almost down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell that always tumbles in towards that un inviting beach, and we had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose such a place to live in. We had also been under the shadow of Table Rock, and had cdine out of the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down the moun tain and blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I were sit ting under an awning Bpread over one side of the quarter-deck. The ship was under a splendid display of canvas, but the sails were Bimply bleaching in the son. The courses were clewed up, in the vain hope that a stray breath of air might steal along the deck. The man at the wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at the compass card. The ship had no steerage-way; The vessel was full of groans and creaks and the clicking of hooked doors as she rolled lazily on the long, low swells. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, had gone to the main top. mast, head, for he declared that ha had got a litte fanning every time she rolled. The men forward were lyiDg about in all sorts of attitudes expressive of weariness and disgust. One fellow climbud out on the jib-boon, went to sleep and almost fell overboard. Ab we sat staring at one another, the voice of the coloured cook arose from the galley trolling a ditty which he bad picked up in the Southern States : 'Dis hyat fciggah ain't g wine ter die Till old Jim Crow roun' by-me- by, An' say' 'Hey, niggah, yo1 got ter fly high; Umph-umph ! Ah, umph-umph ! ' The Captain, Fred, and I looked at one another, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creaking of the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then the cook lifted up his voice again : ' I wish I war in Baffin!a Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made ob clay, An' posautns go a-skatin' ebbery day. Hoop-te-loody ! Ain't dat gay ? Slidin' down a iceberg in Baffin's Bay. ' At that the three of us burst into laugh' ter, and Captain Bown said : 'I believe the fellow's right. The only thing to do on such a day is to imagine you are in a cold place. ' ' You are juBt right,' said Fred. I wish I were doing a cake walk round the north pole.' ' Well, T don't believe I should care much about that,' said 1. The north pole i3 a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from.' ' 'That's very true, sir,' said Peter Young, the first mate, who had just finished taking a sight, and was on his way below. ' Did you ever hear of the whaling ship Young Phoenix.' 'No,' exclaimed Fred. 'What about her?' *l Well,' sir she's a 335-ton whaler that went out about two years ago. She was aB fine a vessel as ever carried a cook, Bir, and was said to be a hard one to beat on a bowline. Wei], she got caught in the'* ice a nunarea miles or so north of Point Barrow, and was crushed in below the water-line, so that she was supposed to be sinking, and her' crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made their way back to civilised parts of the world, but their Bhip did not sink. ,' What became of her.?.?' : I asked. ' Well, air,' said the mate, with a mysterious air, 'she's sailing those seaB. yet, without a captain or v. without a crew.' ?'....,;,.. .. ..;.j-'v' 'How do you know?' demanded Fred. ? ? ? ; 'She's been sigfctad, sir. More than that, she'd been boarded.' 'When ?' 'How ?' we exclaimed. 'Last spring a man uamed Leavitt sighted a whaler standing towards shore, surrounded by ice-bergB. There she, was, with her fore and main topsails set^ and all her gear just glittering with ice in the Bunlight.' 'How was it she hadn't sunk 1 ' asked Fred. 'Why, bleaayou, sir, shs wasn't in the water at all. She was about fifty feet away from it, up on the ice, resting there just as comfortable as a baby in a cradle, and just as safe too. Leavitt boarded her, and foind everything on her decks as neat as if all hands had just gone ashore for a lark. You see the ice had squeezed in under her, and lifted her up.' 'And you think she's there yet?' I en quired. 'Just as Bure as ever, you live, sir. Why, the ice up there doesn't melt all away in the spring. It breaks ud in some placeB, but mostly it just keeps' growing and growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if some of those large bergs were hun dreds of years old. Don't you think so, Captain?' 'I think you are about right, Young,' said the captain. ';f have heard about that whaler, but she isn't, a marker on an Arctic yarn she reminds me of.' ' Something in your own experience, Cap?' asked. '' Yes.'j| ' Then by all meanB let ua hear it,' said Fred. 'I never knew you had been a whaler.' ' Yes,' said the captain, ' when I was in command of the Sealskin, I was well known at Upernavik, and they do say I have been away up- — But that's what I am coming to. I had been 'one summer knocking about the entrance of Baffin's tfay, and hadn't done a great deal, I was told by some Esquimaux that a large number of right whaleB had been seen ofli the east coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruiae that way. In August we hadn' seen a ghost of a whale,but I pushed on atld when about sixty mileaeaat of GaelHawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow's nest, ' ' Ther-r-r-e she blows !' ' ' Where away ?' I Bhouted. ' ' Two points on the lea bow, sir. ' ' Well I'm not going into a whaling story. It's enough to say we got that brute, and did a big trade in the course of the next six weeks. Two months later I shaped my course towards Spiizbergen, to go into winter quarters there, and start north in the Bpring. I had the north pole fever, which so often catches whalers and I wanted to steal a march on every one else. On October 7 a sail was sighted far away to the nor th ward, and I wondered whether some other fellow had my idea. However I had not much time to wonder, for no sooner had we sighted that aail ' than it began from the Bouth-south- east and in ajfew hours we found ourselves in, a most terrific gale of wind. ' As it was blowing my way, I scudded with the wind for forty-eight hours, my last observations as our noon position giving lat 78deg 44min north, and long 7deg 37 min' west. How far beyond that we went do man will aver know. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. The cold was intense, and great bergs loomed up in all directions the sea breaking against them nuea ttie air with thunder. In the midBt of this awe-inspiring Bcene I was astounded by hearing the cry, ' Sail ho I ' ' She was not more than three miles away. She was a vessel of very old build, with a high-poop deck, and she was under all plain sail going like a phantom, and 30on disappeared. I beat to the south ward for four days, fighting against head seas and through ice, when the sun came out, and 1 got sight3 to determine our position.^, When do you Buppose we. were ? ' ' Whera ! 'we both asked, eagerly. ' In lat. 81deg. 67min. north, and long. lOdeg. 42 min. west. How far north of that we had been that we Bhould have taken four days to beat back is beyond me to gues3.' ' . 'What became of the strange ship ? ' I asked. 'I am coming to that. We wenb into winter-quarters in Mosel Bay. In the spring we made excursions on sledges, and on one of these we found our phan tom. As we rounded a point one of the men cried: 'Sail ho! 'There she is again ? ' 'And there was, our old acquaintance! still under all Bail, but motionless. See ing that Bhe was fast in the ice, I boarded her. Her rigging was sheathed in ice, and her entire appearance waa weird and alarm ing. Isearched high and low over herdecka and .in. her cabins, but found no sign of either life or death. I was just coming away from her cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the strange recontre. whoa I saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old-fashioned dagger, a piece of paper, yellow with age, containing some faint writing in a ttrange language. Upon going over ft, on returning to my own ship, a Dutch sailor said it was in his wuguc, uuii sumo ul iuB wurua were now out of use. It reads thua: 'Christmas, 1795 a.d. 'This day we must leave the ship. We have been without food, save one ptarmigan, for two days. The ship, is frozen faat in the ioe, with all her sails set, and we are not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where the savages may feed us or pub ub out of our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in these frozen seas ? It is—-' And there the writing became ille gible.' ' And did you leave the old ship there ?' asked Fred. ''No; we burnt her. She had been careering over the deep long enough, freezing fast when winter came, and BQt loose in the spring, for, 63 years. 'And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at sea 1' I asked. ' Yes, by far the strangest. ' : 'That beats the Young Phoenix hollow,' said the first mate, going below* We were silent for a moment orl two. Then Sammy Scurles came rattling 'down from the maintop-maBfc head, crying 'Here cornea a breeze.' v - 