OCR LONDON LECHER, j (From Our Correspondent.) Lionâon, September 13. The long-loooked íor Southern Cr came up the river yesterday, and tb was gathered at the wharf side, am of colonials and pressmen and otiiers sorts totalling altogether qua to ares] table crowd. She bas lost only 1 lier 61 cattle, 82 sheep, the heavy mortal among the latter is supposed toba been owing to overcrowding, end cot quent suffocation m ibe beat All t principal papers concerned with t matter of live stock, as you may ss of London nod Australia, being rup sen ted, one would suppose ithntout (be reports published here next day, o would know ail the lot about the bu ness. Even the "Times *'and the**: James's Gazette. " and other great lt don dailies, noticed the ship's arri vt ' and commented upon it>; yet out of all, there is not much to teil of vital i j terest rt» the colonial as to bow ti wbole enterprise ls going to Bha$ Tbere is no blame to the men who ri their capital intbis pioneering, fortbi they, will not make it public ? bow th« are« getting on. If tue thing is goo thero fis sufficient reason for keepit that good which they -have earned ; themselves ;*i£ if a no good, alt the moi reason for saying nothing about it i that, about the'Southern Cross, and 11 first big shipment of Australian liv stock to England, there is much sait and little of it is to the purpose, suit we cannot find ont whether considérai ber losses 4bc stock willpay or not seem to do a lot of 'smirking timé" o Ibis matter, for after ail is «aid an done, there is no more tobe told tba that with .proper fittings andatteutio toe stock oaaibe brought ; whether the pay, is, and is to remain, the affair c the shippers, Messrs Bengt and Brabbi whose venture 4fae whole thing seem to be. And we may very well finis with) the usual platitude -that, if it good enough, tiiese same shippers, aa others to boot, -will come back for mort Tba boises are all of tfae draught stnmi end of ibem tbere should bo more* , leam as they are not like the cattle, coi . sumed on lauding, but remain to wodi . On-the matter of the Australian horse1! . chance of serving itbis side as remount ( or battery servant, I would direct read eis attention to a previous article, whes ' thesubject was treated undera eeparati j beading. Higa tension is still generally «bar» <«cietícof>tbeiimh^ Piophe clet' are still uttered steadily that the «oom tn Africa; asnear tn bursting point, yet still sbe «booms. The astoun ding success of the Barnato Bank Min lng and Estate Corporation, Ltd., isa bout the best example of recent days, ?of the huge spirit of specnlation that is abroad, «and ¿be «power oí a single man who has the reputation of a. master of finance. Tho bank is announced, mere ly, not -a ghost of a prospectus is soon, thc capital tobe~3<¿ millions in £1 «ba res, which start flt 3% premium. "In other wonls." says a. financial paper. " the name of Barnato <tbc es- acrobat) alone-is worth the huge sum of £15.7-50.444-f urore than the capital of the Bank of England ! Verily ! wc Ure And speaking offne African boom, tho rumors abroad of the 3)calli, or "want of it, of Mr Cecil Rhodes, the Cape colossus, seem to odd -to the tension of thia times. He was ill, so they said, and you heard «frange rumors of -what would ooiue if fae died who holds so many strings in his hands. . There is talk too ugly to write down, and how time whoean tell ? of thc interweaving of Cape Government, concerns and Char teredsand De Beers, and all the rest of it, and of the high old time there would be if anything happened, to the only man who can guide the -whole concern along the narrow lodge that keeps it from chaos. However, he seems to be getting better, and 'Uieantinie every thing is humming. The British Association is holding its annual «solemn pic-Hie. (miscalled a ga thering of all the scientific swells, and nobody *akes much notice. Valkyrie Hf has failed to fetch the America. Cup-as "whoever will-over here, for a mnltitude of reasons, not all of which are entirely to-the credit of the Tankce. and the English nation is sim ply «eethtng with excitement. Which, chows that-Mr. Bull is more sportsman than scientist, ff you look at him in the right way. Mr. E. D, Miles is fanning in Wales., not at the Trades Congress, but tour- \ lng in general, with intervals for more ; serious business, during -which -1 am told a gentleman spends awhile lu try ing to convert bim to the principle and practice «of round ehaits " for gold ; mining on the Towers in place of what ever shape is used atpresenf. 