An Extraordinary Ocourrenee near Braidwood. Fon some few weeks past considerable ex citemrnent has prevailed amonlgst residents of Six Mile Flat, Warri-Bombayl and Colombo by a series of ex.raordinary occurrences, the origin of which is s'ill as deep and impene trable as ever, notwithstanding the most care.. ful and rigid enquiry, although there are people who refuse to believe anylthing else than that they are the result of supernatural agency. It appears that a miner namned Cunningham and a mate lived in a hut Itc. longing to Mr. Terence McGrath, of Colombo, which is situated close to the Sboalhaven River. They had occupied the place for some time, when all of a sudden one night the building was bombarded with clods Irom an ant bed which bad been picked up by Cunningham, and which is situated about too yards from the hlt. The pieces of hard mud penetrated the cracks between thie slabs, although bow some of them coqld get through them puzzled themr, since they were larger than the opening. They naturally lociketd about tofind the author of the throwing, but with out success. When they went outside, they aver-and their testimony is since cor-. roborated by a number of other. witnesses the clods bit the inside of the building. On the following night a repetition of the busi ness occurred, and the men became some what alarmed. They told some others of it, at the same time expressing their belief that the throwing was the work of a ghost. These persons vistted the s:ene, and fhund the facts exactly as stated by Cnnningham and his mate. The story spread, and others; viewing the matter as a joke, likewise visited the place with the assurance that they at least would discover the origin of these peculiar occurrences. They left in the same happy condition of mystification as those who had preceded them, although they went with guns, which they fired in the direction from where the throwing proceeded, And here we may remark that the clods thrown strike the hut in almost exactly the same place every time between two slabs near the window. On several occasions no less than eighteen people have been on the lookout at the same time, forming a sort of semi circle round the side of the hut where the throwing occurs. They fired their gun', loaded with shot, into the bu.shes of the trees surrounding the place, with such good effect that there isnot a tree or log within a couple of hundred yards of the hut that is not riddled with shot. To make sure that the clods came from the ant bed, a number of them were marked with charcoal, and these have been subsequently found inside the hut, perfectly unbroken. Although the spot is plainly within view of the watchers and anyonie visiting it could easily be detected, and to make assurance doubly sure, the watchers have actually placed cotton thread on small stikes right round the bed, this line was not broken or touched, showing that there is no possi bility of anyone sneaking up to the bed, throwing the clods and running away. Altogether the proceedings are most mysterious and rival the recent stone throwing case near Sydney, which created such excitement some short time ago that the metropolitan papers even devoted consider able space to the extraordinary proceed ings enacted there. The most peculiar thing about the matter is that the clod-tbrowing started simultaneously with' the disturbing of the ant bed by Cun ningham, and, wbat is still more peculiar, the presence of this man in the hut is abso. lutely necessary to produce the "manifesta tions." Without him there is no clod-throw ing. Many sensible, level-headed men have visited the spot, and, although loth to believe that the throwing is done by any supernatural agency, they are absolutely unable to account for the proceedings. The throwing usually commences at about half-past so o'clock at night and continues sometimes till daybreak, although, as a rule, it only lasts for a couple or three hours, We understand that another party of s8 intend to visit the place again to-night (Saturday), when an opportunity will present itself for any one who has a theory to account for the extraordinary pro ceedings to solve the mystery at present sur rounding them.-Dispatch. 