BRIEF MENTION. [JA0K'Fb08T. ;' i ; ; i - : \ ' 'Cane damaged. ' ' ' ? ' Political crisis threatened. Block, with tho Upper House. r ' The Lords ' must be-reinodelled. ' ' ; Bread 5d the 4lb loaf in Melbourne. . Lyle Dramatic Co. gone to Queensland. Michael Davitt is u big draw as a lecturer. 1,1 J.:.. 4.1.. a I. .,-,1 „ ; o..uu.u, JUIII wo. Society. Heaviest frost of the season on Wednesday morning. Coraki people too honest and easy going iu public matters. ' Keep pegging uwuy ' iB the motto in con nection with the ferry. Private ruilways are being advocated in Victoria. Parkes does not remember losing a hair of his head. Central River Agricultural Society coming to the front. Know your partner in consultations. Don't let him slip. Report of Lismore Sessions - in another column. Read Drs. Moore and Whittle's announce ment in Bpecial column. The Payment of Members points are to be ?referred to the Privy Council. Some medium members find Parliament, a good advertising medium. Mr. A. W. M'Kinnon is authorised to sell postage stamps at Broadwater. A hopeful sign of tbe times is the buildings springing into existence in Sydney. Tenders for lockup building at Maclean oloso on tho 19th inst. Mr. R. Jenkins, solicitor, Maclean, died on Sunday last, aged 44 years. ' Tasmania sent over 150,000 cases of fruit to England this season. There are at present 31 clergymen iu the diocese of Grafton and Armidalc. Willis and Crick have brothers who intend contesting constituencies at the next election. Captaiu Close intends issuing a writ claim ing £5000 damages against Mnjor-General Hutton in connection with the celebrated court martial. The Premier's reception at Orange was most enthusiastic. The people turned out in immense numbers, aud, headed by a torch light procession, conducted him through the streets with cheers. Lisinore Show Committee allowed the Cavalry Tournament Committee a rebate of £2 108. on rent of show ground for Queen's Birthday, owing to the miserable weather and small at tendance. ? . Mr. F. Withers opened his new citron peel factory at Gooncllabali on Wednesday. Mrs. M. Davison, of M.unrepose farm, Boggy Creek, has left a splendid sample of potatoes at the Northern Star office, and that journal states the lady in question obtained over six tons of potatoes off $ acre of land. The Department of Public Works has de clined to rciiiBtate Mr. C. L. Smith, Resident Engineer, a victim to the re-arrangement of offices. ' Messrs. J. and A. Abbott have started a bain and bacon curing factory at Taree. The President of the Lismore Caledonian Society emphatically denies the rumours tlmt the funds of tho Society have been used to meet expenses of social gatherings, smoke concerts, &e.; The expenses of such were, says the President, .borne by the members attending. Notification of the vote of £252 15s. for expenditure on minor roads has been received by the Lismore Council. The Lismore Council hasacccpted the tender of John Smiih, at 2s. 3d. per chain, for clean ing out the watertables. Other Councils might save money and keep their towns clean in the same way. Senior-Constable Daniel Hogan has been appointed acting C. P.S. at Woodburn, and First-Class Constable Reid lo a similar position at. Wardell — both appointments being vice Cohen, relieved. Oyster lease declared forfeited : — Alfred Langley, Terrauora Creek, Tweed River, 5 acres. The tender of E. Herman, £17 17s. 6d., re f -airs to North Codringtou public school, has leeu accepted. Rumoured that ' the Rev. A. W. King, of Glen limes, will succeed the Rev Mr. Jobson at Lismore. A portion of the Wardell public school ground is to be fenced. Rous Mill expected to start crushing the first week in July. The Masonic fraternity at Lismore have elected the following officers for the ensuing year: — Bros. Wallis W.M., J. Coleman I.P.M., Anderson S.W., Nichols J.W., Murray S.D., Hewitt J.D., Ridley Secretary, Larkin Treasurer, Lockett aud Fredericks Stewards. The license of the Broadwater Hotel has been transferred from James Thearle to John Rogers. '1 lie-residents of Alstonville have formed a big comiuiltee, lo give Mr. M. F M'Donagh, postmaster, a send off on tbe occasion of liis leaving to take charge of the Wardell Office. The Alstonville Agricultural Society has re duced the annual subscription to 10s 6d per annum, and is offering a prize for tho tyest kitchen garden. It is notified in tbe Gazette that- permits to strip wattle bark in the Casino Land District oil Crown lands not within timber reserves may be obtained on application to the C.P.S., Casino, aud tho Acting C.P.S., Woodenbong, on payment, of 15s per month. The total area uuder cultivation in the colony for the year ended March 31,. 1895, was 1,325,814 acres, the number of holdings purely agricultural being 14,000. It is anticipated that this season the Colonial Sugar Company's Mill at Broadwater will deal with 130,000 tons of cane, and the Rous Mill with about 24,000 tons. At the invitation of Lady Darlcy a number of ladies met at Government House on Mon day, to hear the Rev. Prior Vaughan explain the object, of his mission to the colony iu con nection with the intended great effort to be made in England for the amelioration of the condition of the poor of that country, and the betterment ot the masses. The Prior stated it was necessary to raise £60,000 in order to carry out the scheme. A marriage has beeu arranged to take place between the Duke of Argyll, K.G., and Miss Ina Erskine M'Neill, one of Her Majesty's Extra Bedchamber Women. It is said that Tom Slattery will oppose Premier Reid for King Division at the next election. T. M.S. will not have the ghost of a show. Protectionists and Freetraders should keep a member of the capacity of Mr. Reid in Parliament. There are too many duffers in the House already, and a balance of brains is necessary. The Bulletin prints tho following ' partner ship notice': — Notice is hereby given that the business hitherto conducted by Dibbs and Company will in future be carried on by Dibbs, Parkes aud Company, who will take over all liabilities. Messrs. i)ibbs and Parkes hope by strict attention to business to become the Premier firm of N.S.W. A discovery of gold has been nuideiitBucca Creek, south of Graftou, expected to go over 6ozs. to the ton. , The Queen on her Sydney statue still points down on thousands of starving subjects listen ing to domain orators. Crick's seat may yet be challenged for accepting briefs from the Crown to defend prisoners. ' Crick's troubles.' 'Half-a-dozen prominent Australian politi cians, including Parkes and Lilley, were burn on the 27th May. Lord Jersuy spent over £30,000 a year while in Australia. He was uu unostentatious giver. With a converted brewer for a Governor there should be a big colonial beer controversy in South Australia. We don't depend on England for everything. The rise in wheat for instance, which first began to boom in America. Tho Labor Party has now but ono Protec tionist in its ranks— Sohcy. But perhaps that is only because bo hag nob Eddy to attend to. ► . 