MELBOURNE. (FfiOH OUE OWN COBEESTONDENT.) Thursday. The members of the Typographical. Society object to the free admission to the colony of the cheap " rubbishy newspapers and periodicals from England and America, and this morning a deputation of that body waited on the Commissioner of Customs and expressed their views in emphatic form. They urged that a tax should be imposed on such prints, but they ^vere billing that the higher class productions should he admitted free. The}' pointed out the great hardships under which the printing trade at present labored, and assured the Minister that even many old established papers were feeling the effects of the unwholesome competi tion of the imported article. They also urged that the American example should be followed of not granting copj'right to boots which were not printed here, and which had worked Tery beneficially in the interests of the American workmen. Mr Best, in reply, told the deputation that he strongly sympathised with their re quest. The great difficulty was to discriminate between good and useless literature and papers. He would, however, bring the matter under the notice of the Cabinet, and do all that was possible to give relief in the manner desired. The other night the mon in charge of a shop kept by Mr.'W- H. Goolc atr Prabtan were awakened,.-by hearing someone tampering with tbe locks Proceeding down stairs cautiously they found two men bad forced an entrance. They bolted when chal lenged, and one of the shopmen sent a revolver bullet after them without effect. However, one of the runaways was cornered in the back yard and arrested, and to-day be appeared before tbe local Bench. He wished to show that he was captured in the street and not in the yard, but the Bench decided to send him foi; trial.: A weak-minded youth named Sydney Errington, who was lately arrested at South Yarra while posing as a feeble imitation of the mys terious individual who is creating a "ghost" scare, appeared before the Prahran magistrates to-day on a charge of " insulting behavior." The arresting constable said he found the youth wearing a false red beard, red cap, green spectacles, and with several pieces of sticking plaster on his face. Several young ladies had been scared by him. The defence showed the offender to be respectably connected, and, as he was contrite, the magi strates decided to let him off with a warning, the chairman assuring him that if he tried such tricks in future some man might deal severely with, him. e ' Amongst the tenders accepted to day hy_ the Public. Works department was that of J. Dean for the removal of polioe buildings' at Goghill's Creek, and re-oreetion of same at police station Miner's Host; price £97. The free and easy way in which a person can * he hauled before the magistrates on a criminal- charge " was illustrated to-day in the City Court, when an old lady, named Catherine Wakefield, was charged with-perjury at the instance of John Burgess, a carpenter. The latter's wife recently obtained a divorce from him, and Mrs Wakefield was -a witness on her behalf. Burgess to-day contended that she made false statements during the hearing of that case,-but signally 'failed to substantiate the charge." Mr Panton referred to the prosecution as a most impudent one, and regretted that magistrates had to issue a summons in such cases. The Bench then dismissed the charge. The affairs of the Standard Bank of Australia again engaged tbe attention of the creditors' to-day, when a Bcbeme of compromise between tho bank, and the creditors, with regard to deferred deposit receipts was considered. The scheme provided that the interest should be at.the rate of per- cent, per annum, from 11th February, 1895, and should be payable-- half yearly on v and after 11th- August, .1895, until due dates. The chairman denounced the idea of liquidation, and hoped that as business improved the hank affairs would also advance. Finally the scheme was adopted with an amendment to . the. effect that no dividend should be declared until the deferred interest was paid to deposi tors in 1903, and that for the differ ence between the rate of 21 per cent, and the rates provided in the June, 1893, reconstruction scheme, deposit receipts not hearing interest should be issued for the difference in the amount, of interest and he made payable on 11th August, 1903. An encounter between, a policeman and a supposed burglar, in which the" latter proved too much" for the cus todian of the peaeo, occurred at Hawthorn before daylight this morn ing- ' The policeman, whose name is Coughlin, was on duty in the Glen ferrie-road when a man was observed near tbe Glenferrie station. Tbe ' constable had suspicions of a man who was out so early, and accosting him requested him to accompany hiui to a gas lamp. The stranger did so, and tho _ constable was putting some questions to him when, suddenly pulling out a jemmy, he dealt Coughlin a blow in the face which dazed him. The constable grappled his man, but got some blows from the jemiuv arid was ultimate]}' knocked down, and dragged himself homo with a broken nose. The detectivo police were on the alert as soon as news of the affair had been circulated, and: later on Detectives Bannon and Bear arrested a man named George Patterson in Bouverie-streot, Carlton,;on suspicion. He bad a blood-stained shirt in bis possession, and was identified by Coughlin as bis assailant. William Sewell.'wbo was arrested' yesterday for stealing guns from tbe shop lately occupied by' tbe Abra hams, and who was to have appeared at the. City- Court to-day to answer tho charge, committed suicide this morning by snooting himself at his own residence, Collingwood, he having been released on bail. He left a note stating that the two guns found in his house were never the property of the Abrahams. He asked that the chil dren should be kissed for him, and begged his wife to forgive him for the anguish which he had caused her. 