THE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES . SECOND NOTICE. M. EIi£e Reoius,: well known as % geographer and an Anarchist, writes In the Contemporary upon the ovolutlon of cities and tho different foatnres of tho soil, physical, geographical and oiimatio, whioh contribute to thoir birth and growth. If tho earth were perfectly uni- form in shape and the qualities of its soil, the citios and towns on ite surface would, he thinks, occupy an almost geometrical position, But mountain ranges, rivers, the coast line and other variations, causo a departure from this simple arrangement, and he explains with great wealth of illustration the underlying reasons for tho establishment of towns and citios. The tsndenoy of cities to grow towards the west has often been noticed, and M. Reoiua thinks that explanation of that phenomenon is sany, at all events in western Europo and where similar climatic conditions prevail, for tlie western side is the side exposed to tho purer winds. At the cast end of tho town the wind oomes laden with the diieaso germs, smoko and stenches caused by its pannage over the town, while tho inhabitants of the west are froe from these deleterious effects, John Stuart Hlaokie's article ou The Mofchod of Touching Languogos reminds one of tb®. Rsrcnom of Heine, who said that the Romanft would nover have found timo to conquer the world if thoy had been obliged to learn Latin and oomrnit to memory tho substantives which make their aoousativsK in im. It has always been a matter of surprise to foreigners that tho young Englishman after spontling 20 yonrs of his life in th« study of Greek and Latin should he utterly unable to sxprtss himself lu thoso language. One cruise of oourso is the idiotia pronunciation which prevails in England, and Mr. Hlackte thinks that tho most intelligent way of teaching would bo to first instruct pupils viva voce in tbe tiamos of ordinary objects, and then to make thorn learn hy roto simple sentences. Later on grammar could bo tnught as a scientific explanation, JIs thiuks that a yourister would learn moro Greek by a sojurn of five montliH in Athens than he would by five years application to his text hooka in England. No doubt ho would, but unTortu- imtoly schoolboys cannot as a rule visit tue cspUftts of the world acquiring Castilian Spanish, ParUUn French or Athenian Greek. As far as pronunciation of Latin is concerned tho English universities might take a lesson from tho Roman Catholio priesthood, who pro- nounoe that langungo in the same way all over the world, nlthough probably Cicero and Julius Cresar would bo At a loss to understand them. What is known as the Archbishop's Commit- tea has recontly published a report on elemen tary education in Eugland, and Archdeacon Wilson makes it tho text of an eulogy on tho voluntary sohools, which he claims to bo far superior to the board schools. The arguments of the clergy in favor of denominational odac&tion; are so well known, and the superiority of hocu- Iar education so fully acknowledged by a vast majority of peoplo in Victoria, that tharo is no use of going over the old ground again. There aro somo figures In the article, iiowcver, which are interesting. For instance, in 1870 tho average attendance at elementary schools was 1,152,389, and in 1803 it was 4,100,030. Tho present position of the various schools is woll defined by the distribution of the total Govern ment grants in 1893, which was si follows School connected with the Church of Eng- £ h»« - 2,676,769 British undenominational and others .. 404,278 Wesleyan 200,401 Human Catholic .. 312,841 Board schools .. .. 2,646,768 Tho teaching staff of tho voluntary schools costs £1 8s. 8d. for esoh child, and in tho board schools tho cost is £1 17t. Oid. Why this discrepancy should exist we are not told, but probably tho instruction in the board sohools is more complete than in the voluutary sohoolfl, and therefore tho teachers aro moro competont ' and can command a somewhat higher salary. Tho Nineteenth Century for February is a very good number, containing artioles upon a wide Gold of aubjeots. The first thrso artioles are on British politics, especially upon the mending or ending of tha House of Lords ; but this ground has already been so oompietely covered that ibris difficult to'say anything new upon it. In the artielc, however, on Singlo Chamber Domocrats, by Mr. R. Wallace, M.P., thera aro some excellent and timely remarks upon the nhortoomings of the present system of the Executive department of responsible governments, a subject to which the attention of tho readers .of The Aye lias frequently been directed. Mr. Wallace points out that the Executivo government ought to bo on demo cratic principles' a coinmiUeo of the IIouso of Commons, oligiblo and dismUsiblo at its pleasure. At present onoe in power the heads of tho party not elected but co-optated by their predecessors, who have also been eo-optated, control everything, tbo House merely having an objeoting power. If any sign of iudepondeut action is shown tho recalcitrants are threatened with a dissolution, and thus it happens that tlie actual govcrnmeut of England is nuithor a monarchy nor & democracy, but an alternative of two traditional oligarohies. It is neodloKs to soy that with n singlo chamber tho power of the reiguing oligHrchy would be considerably enhanced. The present Secretary for War argues in its favor on tho ground that administration, peace and war, foreign policy, colonisation, have always been unchecked " iu tbe hands of tbo Executive Government, undor tho oyo and control of tho House of Commons." Mr. "Wallace points out that suoh a atato of Affairs is extremely uusatis- factory to tho democrats, for nowadays the Government docs as it likes and then defies tho House to atop tho supplies, knowing that prero gative to be as dead as the Royal voto. Mr. Wallace might have referred to tho Swiss system of elective Ministries, which would moot many of the objections of tbe domocrats. In the samo review tliero is a remarkable article by Lieutenant-Colonel H, Eisdalo, R.E., entitled Should We Hold On to the Mediter ranean in War? Colonel Klsdle Insists that England should not, but that in casb of war with Franco or Frnnos and Russia she should evacuate Egypt and Cyprus, withdraw from tbe Mediterranean all her ships, with tho exception of what wns needed for the looal defenco of Malta, and seal up the exits from the great island soa by a strong occupation of Gibraltar und Ferim. By pursuing this policy, England would have a position of great strength at sea and would bo able to protect her oonoinerco aud at the samo timo harass France by seizing her colonies and cooling stations. Colonel Elmlftle argues that in caso of war it would bo muoh wiser to look up tho main French fleet in the Mediterranean, aud thus bavo an enormous superiority elsewhero, And ho illustrates his position hy supposing that a general on land in command, of an army of 250,000 men had to mcot two armies of 100,000 each, separated by a defilo of whioh he himself has possession. Un questionably his proper course would be to attack ouch, ono after tho other, with his whole force, holding tho defilo meantime with a strong oontingent, .and not to divido his army into two of 125,000 oaoh, send ing one against ' each of tho enemy's armies. Such he says is tho position of the English fleets. Gibraltar represents tho dofile, and the proper oourso of action would be to oonoontrato the English navy in the Obannel, and to attack the Franoh fleet there, and after defeating it to attack the Mediterranean squad ron. It Is admitted pretty gcuoially that tbo Suez onnal could not bo relied upon in oase of war, as it could be so easily obstructed, and that the great bulk of the trade with India and Australia would bo round tbe Cape, Whether tbe evacuation of Egypt, and the loss of English prestigo would be oorapatiblo with the dignity and true interests ot the Empire is of oourso questionable, hut Colonel Esdale's arguments are remarkably strong, and will no doubt give rise to a spirited controversy on his suggested policy. Mr. Andrew Lang .writes upon Ghost Stories and Hesat Stories, tho former being a subject in whioh he is somewhat of an expert. His pre sent inquiry is why peoplo wiii rejeot ghost stories of the " ultra-scientific kind, suoh as tales of levitatlon, physical movements of untouched objects or remarkable premonitions, and yet give credence to startling talcs of wonderful reasoning powora in a est or a dog." He says the idea of our belief in theae cases is based upon our- experience of cleverness and reasoning in animals, and we do not know how far that intelligence may bs carried ; but wo havo no personal exporionco of intelligence In dreams at all. In this way it is not impos sible that Mr, Jingle's dog, who refused to enter a wood wherein there stood a board warning off trespassers, may have acted intelligently, and If suoh a circumstance woro reported by Mr, Dar win, many parsons would givo it credence. But with tbe oAso of the levitatlon of Mr. Home, we refuse to believe, no matter how good the evi dence may be in favor of buoU a phenomenon, becauso we have no oxporienoo of men floating in tha air without a material support. For a similar reason Mr. Romanes rejeots the story told by Pliny and Plutaroh of the elephant that was aocn practising his steps hy moonlight all alono, after having been beaten for performing ill on tho stage. Mr. Edward Tuok asks, Is Bimetallism a Delusion? and proceeds to show that Mr. Maoleod, in a recent Article, was mistaken in citing Gresham's law (hat whon two mstals aro usad as a standard at tho same time tho inferior in value for the time boiug will drive tho more valuable out of ourrenoy. He argues that Cer- nusahi was correct in stating the true law hy uaying that two ratios cannot coexist, but denies tho largor statement. He adds that some ono has wisely said, "Monoy is not tho value for which goodd aro sxehauged, but tho value by which they aro exohanged." This is quite true, just as it is of the yard measure, but what ho seems to fail to seo is that tliero cannot he two yard mensures of different longths nt tho earns time. Ho alio likens gold and silvor money prior to 1873 to red and white counters in a game which the players have Arranged to bear a certain ratio to one another, and that tho white as less valuable have beou demonetised, thus de moralising tho whole game. Hub tho mono- inctnilistn would toll liiin that if tlie baker and hutohcr had refused to take tho white oountcrs in exoimngc for their waroa they oould only bo used at tbe face valuo among the playera them selves. If, on tho other hand, the tradesmen are willing to toko thein because tho law makes them legal tender, there is no reason why such a valuable mineral as silvor should be used, for the stamp of a Government on a piece of papor would give it tha same fictitious value. Those objections Mr. Tuck does not seem to perceive ; at all events, ho fails to provide against thorn. As was to be expected, the Rev, Telgn- mouth Shore's artlolo on Auricular Con fession and the Church of England lias brought out a counterblast in the current number of the Nineteenth Century. Mr. Shore showed pretty conclusively last month that auricular con fession was not necossary aoeordiog to the tesoh- ing of tha Olmrch of England, and alleges that there is an implied discouragement of confession "which amounts to practical prohibition." Mr. Shore concluded his article last month by quot ing Jeremy Taylor as follows The quostion then is whether to confess all one's greater sins to s priest, a!1 that upon strict inquiry wo can remember, is necessary to salvation. This the Churoh of Romo now affirms, and this tho Church of England and all other Protestant churches deny." As evory ono knows, many of tho ritualists of the preaent day favor ooufossloti, and the Rov, Canon Carter jumps armed cap.i\\.pic Into the arena this month, pioka up the gauntlet thrown down by Mr. Shore, and proceeds to demolish him. The layman who roads these artioles arises from his task fully convinced that both the reverend gentlemen Are oorreot, and will, if he hnppons to be a raurdorcr or other criminal, no doubt hastsn to the nearest clergyman cither to confess or pre- servo a discreet silence, au the state of his liver mny dictate ! There are also two articles on legal topics whioh aro worth perusal. Mr. Cook, Q.C., gives an interesting sketch of tho manner in whioh tho Crown's right to reply in criminal cases has growu up. It is ouly of late years that the English criminal hna had any oppor tunity to be rcprcsontad by counsel, and oven now the judges, after restricting vory con siderably tho rights of prosecutors, permit "that in those Crown coses in which tho Attorney or Solioitor-Genoral is personally engaged, a reply, when no witnesses aro called for the defence, is to bo allowed ns of right to the counsel for the Crown, and no others," IIow detrimentally suoh a rule may prove ma£ easily bs seen if we suppose that the prosecution sets up a certain theory in opening tho esse ; but after the Crowa evidence is in, and the pri soner's counsel has addressed tho jury, tho Crown oounsel should set up a totally different theory of the crime, whioh could be easily re futed or explained away by tbe defendant if he had an opportunity. Mr. Cook thinks that Parliament should step in and alter this anoma lous stato of affairs. The other legal article is by Lord Grimtborpo on tho Marriage of Iano- cont Divorcees. Tho recent notion of the church is to encourage the clergy to assert their supremacy in matters of this kind. As the law in England now stands, a man can get a divorce from 'his wifo for adultery, nnd a woman from her husband for adultery coupled with desertion or oruelt', but a State Churoh refuses to remarry the successful plain tiff. Tho churoh relies upon the well-knowu dictum of Jesus Christ about divorce and adultery, whioh by the way is admitted to be mistranslated in tbe English version. It is curious that the very next prohibition in Mattbaw is "Swear not at all," an injunction whioh no Christian sect, except the Quakers, obeys, nnd which, if anyone should persist in, a court of law would commit him for contempt. Tho Neio Review contains its usual modicum of light artioles and stories. Among tho moro serious contributions is a timely article upon Tho Teaching of Naval History, by Mr. David Haanay, in whioh the writer insists upon the necessity of learn ing the loHsona taught by former naval wars, and applying thorn mutatis mutandis to tho future. Mr. Haunny's remarks upon the true functions of tho army and navy aro worth con sideration at the handB of our defence authori ties. As ho points out, tho function of the British Array is to attack enemies on their own ground or to keep tho frontier in British depen dencies over sea. It has nothing to do with the home frontier, for that is upon the waters, whoro shipB alono oau act. If that frontier wero onco to go oven an " immediate victory on land 'over the iuvador would not make that other than a hideous disaster." " Therefore the ships come first, and if the Bhips are uegUcted all money spent on fortifications or on troops is money speut in waste. If tho ships are adequate, the fortifications arc superfluous and the troops will only fight abroad." In tho same review "Outis," writing on Tho Great Demo cratic Joke, ridionles the idea that there is anything democratic In the formation of the present English Ministry. He gives a detailed list of the last and present Ministers, and shows that with tbe exception of Mr. John Morley And Mr. Bryce the Liberal Cabinet is "a knot of peers, landowners And highly affluent 6ourcois,'' differing hut little from tho composition of Lord Salisbury's Ust Cabinet. Indeed "Outis "seems to think that tho Tories aro more demo cratic than the Liberals in their choice of Ministers, aud points to Benjamin Disraeli and George Canning. Ho thinks that Mr. Gladstone was to a groat oxtont squeezed out by the present Prime Minister, who, although a member of the peerage, "figures as the leader of an advanced and popular Radi calism, the opponent of aristocracy and oligarchy, the patron of tha Progressives, the 'Mr.' Rosebery of the London County Council, and the nominal nomiuee of the latter-day Do mocracy." In Cornhillt in addition to the two novels which Are continued in the February number, there aro some entertaining short stories Mid chatty Articles. In Misunderstandings tho writer heaps together instances of amusing mis takes with a prodigal pen. The notices in shop windows arc often droll, thus : "Superior butter, ono shilling per lb.; nobody orm touch it," vios with tho notico of oheap shirts for sale " Thoy won't last long at tbiBprloo"; or in a restau rant window, "Dino here, and you will noror dine anywhere else." Tho article is literally crammed with laughable mistakos, somo of whioh are, however, rather old. A good story is told of a bishop in Icoland, who on beiug askod by tho Quoen of Denmark bow many children ho had mistook her question, tbinklog alio wautod to know how m&uy; sheep he had. " Two hundred " was the amazing reply. "Two hundred," cried the Queen, " why how can you maintain them all ?" " Easily enough," replied the prelate, "in the summer I turn thein out upon tho hills to graze, and when winter corneal kill and eat them." Another interesting article ie entitled A History of ITands, showing the various steps of ovolution the human hand has under gone before renching lis prcsont high condition of oxccllonce. Tho' first development ocours as low down as the opossum, a marsupial whioh uses its tail to swing hy and has an . opposnblo thumb on its hind foot, making7 it a gonuinc hand, oapable of grasping the branch of a tree. Among mnrnmaltf we have au ever ascending lino, beginning with the squirrels, whioh use their fore foot together to hold uuto nnd fruit with, up to the chimpanzee and gorilla, which havo to a largo extent ceased to be quadra- manous, and who have developed feet liko mcu for walking on. Mackwood's is an eminently readable numbor, trenting of a large variety of topics. Particu larly noticeable is an article by Mr. W. L. Olowos, in which, under tbo title of The War in the East, ho gives a lucid account of the sinking of tho British steamer Kow Shing, with Chinese troops on board, aud tho great naval battle of Hai-yun-Tau, in whioh the Japanese almost annihilated the Chincao vessels opposing them. Thera has hitherto been considerable difficulty in understanding exactly what took place on both these occasions. Mr. Clowe# '« narrative, however, makes thosoqucnce of cvcntsquiteolear, but must bo read in Us entirety to be properly Appreciated, Mr. Clowes, whon# sympathies are altogether with tho Jnpa, shows that tlie batllo of Hni-yun-Tau was one of tbe most decisive defeats over inflioted at sea. In support of this statement, lie shows that, wbilo tho percontago of onomy's ships taken, burnt or destroyed by tiro victors wns 25.92 in Howe's victory on the glorious 1st of June, 1794, aud 14.81 at Jervis's victory off St. Vincont iu 1797, tho Chinese loss in this remarkable engagement war as high nn 41.66. Tho loss of tlie .Tapnnoso in killed nnd wounded was only about 260, whioh is very low compared with that at Trafalgar, when the Colossus alone lost 200, or at the Nile, whon the Monarch lost 210. There is also an article headed ' General Botilanger : An Object Lesson in French Politics, by an anonymous writer, who, however, scorns to have been a diplomat in Paris ntthetimoof the "brave" general's short popularity. Boul&nger; is described ai a regular poscurt full of vanity, without the ability to back up his Aspirations. There is an admirablo description of his Appear ance at the famous revisw, and of his return to Paris, so calebratod In tho music hall songs of the time. He is pictured caracoling on his equally famous black horse which most peoplo believed had roccivod its training in a circus, while tho crowds bellowed, " Vive Boulawjer , c'esl Ronlanger qu'il nous faut ." The writer of thoarticlo seoma to think that great a humbug as tho genoral was, a good deal of it was uncon scious, and as an illustration of tbis fact tells how Boulangtr one night, speaking of the first Napoleon, said " A great mind, yes ; a great man, no. A soldier, a lawgiver an administra tor in the very highest meaning of the terms ; but nullified by impetuosity ami vanity. No man can be truly great unless he knows where to stop." Arid with this Boulsnger looked round as if expecting his listeners to Add, "As you would, gsneral." The second number of tho new magazine, The Minster, cannot claim a place in the first rank of periodical literature. There is an artiole by Sir John Fowlor, the well known engineer, upon Owen and Lesseps, Sir John having visited Suez shortly before tho opening of the canal, in company with Professor Owen. Tho views of so distinguished An engineer ought to be very interesting rending on such a topic, but the article does not equal one's natural expectations. The Nautical Magazine is placed enco mors in the hands of its former editor, and promises to sparo no effort to give a complete review of matters relating to tho mercantile marine. Ib is stated that the . reported discovery of oxtonsivo coal fields in tho neighborhood of Port Jackson ought to give considerable impetus to the shipping trade of Sydney, bub tlio editor does not seem to bo nwaro of the great strides made iu Victoria since our coalfields havo been opened up. There is an appreciative notice of Lord Brassey in connection with the publication of a new voluino of naval papers written and read by him on various occasions. The article stales that "there is no man moro honored in the British mercantile navy than Lord Brassey," 