laWe News. William Sewell, late watchman, at Abraham iBres.' eshop, who was arrested on Wednelsay charged with the larceny of a gun, lshot hilmself dead in the bathroom of his oan ahouse yesterday. Is loaves a wifeo'and six children. Constable UoughliO, of Hawthorn, was m?ereilessly hutmmered yesterday by a young man who was armue with two chirele and a formidable- looking jemuty. George Patterson, a well known criminal, has bo?n arrested and charged with the The arbitrators appointed to settle the "Cavil" dispute hetueen the Coal Creek Ptitprisiary Con mpany.arnd-.teir men will visit Kornmburra on S.ttrday to take evi dunce. If lncessctry, they will remain sthore over Monday and Tuesday. 'Tndolurr f.,r th., convey.nci of Victoein proluce to tihe English muarkets olosed last night in London. Tilo Minister of Agri culture is awaiting a cable mleesage froml the Agent-·qnertl notifying the tendiers. Tenders here will close to-day, andl the whole of the offers will be considered at a special neuting of the Cabinet, probably unxt week. Tile Minister in charge of the Villiage Settlements will leave by the first train :o ,ay for Echuc.e in order to inspect ihe settlement at that place upon which eighty four settlers are Iocatedt Mr. Foster will be accompanied in his inspection by Mesars. Webb anln A. W. White. M's.r;.A. Sydney Errington. the youtng mInn who wis arrestedl on Tuestlay evening on stla. picien of being concerned in the esrlurbtn ghost scar-, wase is-diarged by the Prahlran Bench yesterday, tile charge against him being "insulting behavilrr";. : "Mr; Henry Elplin. Itcinsee of the Royal George Hotel, Cobden-strset, ?North lelt bourne. reported to the police yesterdlay that at aboutt a qearterJpast five o'clock a shot was fired at him "by somle tnknown matn. The shot was fred through the window of the ter parlour, Fvphre Mr. E'plin had gone to ascertait what caused a noise. The £30,000 cash which Lord Sudley has paid for the Black Flag mine (W.A.) comes to Victoria, . The swag is divided between five prcspectors--J. A. Aitken, Charley Lloyd and J. Wrne, residents of the Jamieson district; Hennings, of Beebhworth, and Clancy, who remained at the mine pending the purchase settlement. Wrae has already invested some of his money to assist in developing the Gaffirey's Creek field, having just put otai £1000 battery to crush stone front his Home Rule mitre. Though as a rule one's gains on the tote are modest, sometimes one manages to make a coup. Air Adelaide man lately. who was about to tile his schedule, noticed at Merphetville Oval one horse had no backers. In a spirit of sheer recklessness he -atarded a pound. The horse won, and the lucky investor scooped a "div." of £900, with which he was able to pay his creditors 204. in the pound and keep something for himself. The committee of the Melbourne Hospital Self Dental Flund effort have issued a duly audited balauce sheet, which shows that the total contrtbutious amounted to £5258 7a 7d. The expenses amounted to only £77 194. 8d., so that the hospital funds will benefit to the exteut of £5180 7s. 1id. 