BRITISH AND FOREIGN. -At the present time there are In England and Wales 153 packs of hounda. The oldest pnbllc-hoase la England U the Beven Stars, Manchester, started in 1356. Families living in the country* have 8 per cent, more children than those that live in the town. Cripples are seldom seen in China. When a deformed child is born it is at once put to death. > An antarctic iceberg has been eeen that was PO miles wide, 40 miles In length, and 400 feet In height. It is estimated that to keep the whole Qerman army in the field ior a week would cost £6,000,000. ' The Suez Canal Is only 88 miles long, bnt It reduces the distance from England to India by sea nearly 4000 miles. It is announced that the Czir and Cztrlna of Ruseia will he the gnests ol Q teen Victoria at Windsor in Junq next. Siberian peasants clean, stretchand dry th e •kin of the turbot for feather bags and as * substitute for glass window panes. A farmer named Daly has just died at Clonmult, Ireland, aged 105. As recently as six months' ago he worked on bis farm. Oat of 1000 m»n who marry, 332 marry younger women, 579 marry women of the same«gp, and 89 ma>ry older women. The Chinese? Government levies a,regular tax on beggags, and gives them in return the privilege of begging in a certain district. The celebrated Sphinx, tbe figure of the crouching monstrosity near the Great Pyramid, is 172 feet 6 inches long and 52 feet high. A young beggar, on being arrested by the Marseilles police, was found to possess Tail way Shares and other stocks representing £16,000. A French statistician says that the number Of men and women in France is more nearly equal than in any other country of the world. Women nowadays are generally acknowledged to be an inch or two taller and three inches larger round than their grandmothers Were. An American has constructed an enormous magnet, which he says in time of war will effect a ship's compass at a distance of six miles. « Authorities ssy that a fatal fall from a great height 1s absolutely painless. The mind acts Very rapidly for a time, then unconsciousness ensues. In Rabat, Morocco, where no vacalnalion law is enforced, 1000 persons, out of a population of 26,000, died from small pox in two' tnonths. Over 70 millions of sewing needles.arp made Weekly in ibetown of. Radditch, where the most extensive manufactories in the world are situated. Professor ErtHnune-of-his learned addresses says that nervous disorders are on the increase. There is too much go-aheadness and overbrain-work. Animals are often able t6 "bear Very protraced tasting. In the Italian earthquakes ot 1795 a dpg was buried,, it is said, for. 23 days and recovered. The total amount of J»ar drunk lu the. World during 1893 is estimated by a German statistician at 4100,000,000 gallons. Enough to that a navy. An 8ettess has just died fn a Lindou workhnuse who, years ago, married a man worth 440,000, which sua tua through mainly by her extravagance. The Registrar-general's return records the death of a 8t. Panares labourer, who died recently in Lwvesden Asylum at the reputed age of 100 years. , ' Many able-bodied young men in different arts in Canada, unable to find work, have J een appealing to the magistrates to send them to gaol for the winter. The cost of the French soldier is stated to be under £20 i' veer. Oat ot this sum he re 1 etives about £5 in the shaps of pay, and a little over £8 for rations. The skeleton of a prehistoric bird has been found in a mound in Idaho (USA.). It must have measured 40 feet between the tips of the wings during its lifetime. The most eOrlous paper-weight In the world Is Hid to belong to the Prince of Wales. It i» —so report goes—tbe mummified hand of one of the daughters of Phatoah. The passengers on English railways are distributed among the varions classes of carriages in the proportion -ot 6,10, and 84, tbe greatest number riding tjjirdclass. Half the population of France are engaged In agriculture, a fourth Id industry, a tenth in commerce, four-hundredth on liberal profes elons, and the remainder tin lnpojmes. A Yokohama pbydjoTa^clajfusto have Son •trubted for trtmself a 'disease und microbe proof house. It consists eh^ifly of. glass. Ingress and egress ere.througb tbe cellar. London is about .follow the -example set by soma of ttie luge provincial towns, of providing books in the embossed type for tbe blind in connection with the free libraries. A disastrous Are, caused by an explosion, Mcurred last week in a afore at Lynn, in the state of Massachusetts. While endeavoring to frttlngnlsh the fire ait firemen fell into the ft 4 men, and were burnt to death. A flto* fef rff WM«9 Mot*4 ty »! encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a successor would keep the apparition away. Qerman mineralogists have discovered that some of the gold mines worked by the ancient Romans in central Portugal will yield a handsome profit still if worked by modern methods. The largest fljwer in the world grows in Sumatra. It is called the •« Rtfilaeia Araoldi," and some of tbe specimens are each 39in. in diameter. The central cup will hold six quarts 1 of water. A method of obtaining nitric acid from the nitrogen in the air by an electric process based on the action of czane has, according to Dr. Froelich, been discovered, and will Bhortly be deecribed. Rink was denoted in ancient France by the shape and style of the shoe worn by ladies. Only ladies of the highest rank were allowed to wear the peculiar shaped shoe known as the pari bar ides. Tbe lather of M. Paderewski died in Poland recently at the age of 64 years. He was a prematurely old man, and had been broken in health and spirits by imprisonment for seven years in Siberia. A gentleman while fishing in the Bristol Channel recently captured a 401b. sturgeon. Tbe fish was was sent to the Q teen, and the firherman's courtesy was acknowledged by a letter and a guinea. A .priest of Buda, Hungary, recently, .married a very young couple, and, instead of the usual benediction,ampzed principals and witnesses by exclaiming " Father, forgive them,. for Ihey know not what they do." The London police have caught a man named Grant in the act of mutilating a woman. He is believed to be identical with " Jicfc the Ripper," to whose account 10 murders are debited between 1887 and 1891. A new biologleal station, open to foreign students, in to be shortly available at Droebak, in South Norway. Droebak lies deep within the Christiania fjord, and can be teacbed from the capital in one hour and a half. Two persons playing dominoes 10 hours a day, and making four movea a minute, could, ii is said, continue 118,000 years without exhausting all the combine'ions of the game, the total of which is 248,528,211,840. The common bean was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians, bnt tbeir pi teats regarded it as " unclean." The Old Testament mentions the bean twice, and it is certain that the Hebrews knew of its existence at least 1000 years B C One of the members of the Paris Academy of Sclenceg has been «arefully watching some locusts for months, and he finds that one of these insects will lay as many as from 000 to 900 eggs .during a reason ot from ten to eleven months. A London widow, aged 87, died the other day from a broken heart, through over-straining herself in fastening the buttonB of her grand- daughter's dress. It was stated that such a death had only been known to have occurred oncg before. Two young men Were summoned at Swansea recently for damaging the communion rails In « church. It appears tbat .they were in love with the Same young lady, and .as she was leaving the ohuich thev rushed to her side, and in the atruggle which ensued the damage was done, A curious consrquence of the general mourning in Russia is an expected increase in the number of marriages through young people being forced to spend their evenings in domestic circles. Times of public mourning are said to be invariably followed by a crop of weddings, In an article describing how wnmtn will run after tn*n a writer in All the Year Round declares," If every man wete to leave off playing golf to-morrow there would not be a female golf-player left in England in a month. Whatever a man does tbey do, chiefly, because s man is doing it." The healthiest spot In ths word is said to be Aumone, a French village containing 40 people. Twenty-eight of tbe inhabitants are over 80 years of age, and three have passed a century. There are no graves in the local cemetery, and the oldest inhabitant cannot remember seeing a funeral. The King of Ashantee guards his 3333 wives much more Oalously. than some men watch over their single one. No man is allowed to see them { and should, he happen even by accident to get a peep at one of the queens he had better call In the undertaker, tor he has to die, Dew is a great reapector of Colours. To prove tbis take a piece of glass or board, and paint them red, yellow, green and ' black. Expos' them at night and you will find that the yellow will be covered with moieturs] that the green will be damp j bat that the red and black will be left perfectly dry. Two women of Biker County, Oregon, own silver mines, and aremnning them in person. They do not actually handle shovels, and elft the earth, bat they superintend the working of their property, and, while tbey admit the basinesB has rough sides for a woman, tbey are making money, and propose to keep on. The Norwegian new woman has, or at least pretends tohave, the eourage of her Convictions, and professes to bate her own beauty because she np lorger detirei to charm and to eot qier through feminine qualities. She eats fan Ml* etat, 4bwdi wrttty ip4 flrwiw dowdily, in order to prevent masculine admiration. The German Emperor uses as a paper-weight on his writing desk the summit of one of the highiut mountains in Africa. Dr. Buchner, an African traveller of eome fame, broke the plecw of rock from tbe highest point of Mount Kilimandj »ro, which is on German-African ground, and presented it to the Emperor. Ia 1745 Dr. Watson stretched a wire across the Thames and sent an electric shcck through It from.one.observer to another.. Chancing, however, to shock aome person who conld not be made to understand tbe principle of the thing, be was accused of witchcraft, end bid much trouble in proving bis innocence. He gave Lp his electrical experimenting. In connection with the Paris Morgue Is a little garden a few feet cquare, containing nothing bnt plants grown from seeds found in the pockets of dead people. In the magistrate's room of the same establishment the chairs are marked with the names of tbe notorious murderers who have sat upon them du>-- the interrogatory of the "juge destruction." The latest published results of the American census, taken four years ago, show how steadily the foreign element in the population is Increasing. There were more than 20,000,000 persons of foreign birth in tbe United States in 1890, or 33 Der cent, of the whole population. In 1870 the foreign population was only about 28 per cent, and in 1880 it had risen to about 30 per cen f . In Syracuse, while alterations were being made in the Church of the A'cumption at Spaccafermo, the remains were diecovered of tbe SiciliHn painter Olivio S zzi, who died about 100 years ago. Tb« body was intact, dressed in the costume of 1700 A roBary was wound round thu hands, which were crossed on the breast. The body was exhibited in the church, and multitudes went to view it. 93 000 Englishmen, 57,000 Irishman, and 17 000 Scotchmen emigrated to the United S:at* in 1889; 22 000 English, 2000 Irish, and 3000 Scotch went to Canada; 23,000 English, 2000 Irish, and 2(00 Scotch went to Australia ; while to " nil other places " went 24 000 English, 2000 Irish, and 1000 Scotch. The totals for the whole year show 164000 English emigrants, 64,000 Irish, and 25,000 Scotch. The Japanese apply one of their many "pretty ways" to tbe launching of ships. They use no wine. They hang over the ship's prow a large pasteboard cage full of birds, and the moment the ship is tfioat a man pulls a string, when tbe cage opens, and the birds fly awav, making tbe air alive with music and the whirr of wings. The idea is that the birds thus welcome the ship as she begins her career as a thing of life, Navigation in frcesn waters is, according to a recent Dutch patent, to be made possible iy Using saws mounted on an extension in front of the vessel, under the ice, which are driven by an engine on the vessel, the cnt ice being collected ia a chamber, from whence it is delivered under tbe.unbroken ice at the sides of the passage thus formed. The inventor is J. J. L^euwen, of Arnheim, and tbe builder J. A. Rruisbrink, Amsterdam. Dr. Herman Weber has presented to the Royal College of Physicians, England, a sum of £2500 to lound a pr'z i for essays on the prevention of consumption. In explaining his purpose to the college, Dr. Weber said tbat he had not the slightest doubt that it lay in the powet of mankind to diminish the ravages, If not altogether eradicate this disease by discovering and- enforcing the social and hygienic measures calculated to prevent its spread. Edna Lvall has passed most ot her life at Brighton, Lincoln, and Eastbourne. When a child she began to write, devoting nearly all her spare time to it, and often snatching a few minutes from her studies to go and look at and re-read some lately written choice *' bits." Ia her own quiet way she determined to become a novelist, not perhaps realising tbe difficulties and disappointments of a literary life, although in her case her exceptional gift made Itself manifest as soon as her work, as she herself expresses it, "obtained a hearinp." It is not needful to speak of all Eina Lyall's works} they are too well known to make specification necessary. The construction of the 8->owdoft railway was due tn the people of Llanberls. The tourist treffis was diverted from tbem hv the narrow-gauge line ot the London and Northwestern, on the southern side of a spur of Snowdon. In order to biiog back trade, they suggested an electric line to the top of Saowdon. Hence the formation of the company. The carriages will be ot the tramway type, and will hold at least AO passengers. The. train will • consist _of. two carriages* The length of tbe line will be nearly five miles, the j inrney occupying less than an hour each way. There will be four stations. The oontraot implies completion in July, 1895. A heart transfixed with a score of nails is one of tbe curiosities preserved at tbe Paris Morgue. There is a story about th:s nailpierced heart. It is as nearly romantic as can rsasonably be expected of so gruesome a relic, and tells of a disconsolate or revengeful lover who placed it on the grave of tbe lady be bad adored or hated. Blinded by grief (or revenge), he possibly thought tbe world would believe he had torn his heart out an£ laid it thus riddled in the cemetery where all that was dear (or distasteful) to him reposed. The pablio makes allowances for lovers, bat it was too sceptical to credit this feat, and its incredulity was Justified \f the report of tbe totorty trbM'tM tb» flnttd HftR to to a calf's or sheep's heart. Still it la kept as a curiosity at the Morgue. A new carpet has recently been made in Agra Gaol, India, for the Queen, and will be used in the Waterloo-chamber, Windsor Castle. A special loom for weaving it bad to be constructed, on acount of its enormous breadth, namely, 40Ft. The length woven was 77ft. f and the carpet is estimated to contain 58 840,000 stiches. The design is an ancient one, known to Indian art experts as the "Poona," and has been carried oat In soft tones of vegetable-dye blues, greens, browns, and yellows upon a rich deep red ground. It has occupied about fourteen months In weaving, some twenty-eight men having been continually employed upon the work. The " reader " responsible for tbe accuracy of the pattern was a convict under sentence of 10 yeats'" rigorous imprisonment." An ascent has been made by Dr. Swen- Hedin of the Mus-tag-atu, the highest mountain in the chain of the Kirakorim, in Central Asia. Dr. S*en-Hedin attempted the first accent last April, but met with revere snow etorras at th° height of more than 17,000 teet, and being iffl cted with acute uflammation of the eyes was obliged to return to Kaschgar. Oa tbe 21st of June be started again, and after a march of eighteen days he reached the Mustag ata, called fie " Father of Icy Mountains," and with tbe help of tbe natives, succeeded in making an ascent four times, but n®wer reached the ac'ual summit (more than 23,000 feel), but ascended almost to that point, and made a rich booty of scientific observations, Disking maDs, taking photographs, sketches of glaciers, &j.; Dr. Swen-Hedin was employed four months on his tour and met with innumerable dangers and interesting incidents. The ill-lnck which has attended LI Hung Chang may be attributed to his order of the peacock feather. Every child In America knows thBt the feathers of this bird are proverbially unlucky. It is believed that every kind of loss will be sustained by the occupiers of the house they adorn, even sickness and death; that children will never be healthy in rooms where these irridescent plumes are found, and that it is the unluckiest thing in the world to give them as playthings to the youngsters. The Eiyptlans settled the peacock question. When O'iris went off on au expedition he left bis Queen Iels regent, with Argus a minister. As Argus bad as hundred eyea he was soon able to see so much worth knowing, that he imprisoned the queen atd proclaimed himself king. Mercury was sent against him, defeated him and out off his head, whereupon Juno metamorphosed him into a peacock atd put bis eyes in his jtali. This ia the Egyptian version of a many-sided story, which is at this time valuable chiefly for the terrible warning it conveys to Li Hang Chang if he happens to be at all superstitious. Count Ssschenyi, a Hungarian wiiter who has lived for years in Paris, and has travelled a good deal in Europe,.has written an article in a French review in which he ridicules tbe horserlding of the Parisian Anglomaoiacs. It is the fixed opinion of these young tnen that an Englishman, on horseback, aits glued to his ssddle, rounds his back like a cyclist, sticks out his elbows at right angles, and prrj<?cte bis legs as far forward in a horis rata) petition as he possibly can, Ths writer describes an amusing scene he once witnessed in France in the hunting field. An elderly French gentleman said very politely to an Eagllsh gentleman, "I beg your pardon, bat would you mind telling me where you learnt to ride 1 You *iJe exactly bb we do." " W ell," replied the Englishman, " I learnt In Eiglaod. That is how we ride there; but over here moat people seem to ride in a most eccentric fashion. I noticed that you rode all right, but I was told that you were an old army man, and I put it down to that." . The ecoentrie riding to which the Englishman referred was the tiding of tbe gilded youth, who fondly imagined th"* their antics will etamp them as being quite £ .glish as regards all tbat folates.to horset, :, A tragic episode of St Frarcls Drake's attack upon San Dominp". in the West Indies, is told, in one, of Mr. F-nude's lectures on 4 1 English Seamen in the S x'eenth Century," delivered recently at Oxford. Oar'lIe,Drake's Ifetitenant, landed at Sintiago and with some difficulty carried.tbe town, excapt tbe castle* His numbers being too smsll to oceopy the place, be fortifl>d himself in the square tor ihfl nigh*- D-ake brought the f| et in at daybreak* and landed gttns, when the castle surrendered. A messenger—a Degro boy—was sent to the governor to learn the tetms wh eh he was prepared to effer to sate tbe city from pi Usee. The Spanish (fficers were smartirg wi>h the disgrace. One of them S'ruck tbe lad though tbe bodv with alance. He ran back bhedlag to the English lines and died at Drake's leet. Sir Francis was a dangerous man to provoke. Such doings had to be promptly shpoed, Ia the part of tbe town which he occupied was monastery with a number of friars in it. The religious orders he well knew were the chief instigators of the policy which was maddening tbe world. He sent two of these friars with the provost msrshal to the spot when the boy hsd been struck, promptly hanged them, and then despatched another to tell the governor that he would hang two mo-e every day at th» same place till the tffioer was panished. Thw Spaniards had long leamt to call Drake the Draque, the serpsftt, the devil. They feared that the devil might be a man of bis word. The oBender was inrretdered. It was not enough, Drake insisted tbat they ckould da jostlpe on him themselves. ~ Tbe governor found (t prudent to ectUpll. ftpd ifcs too hsiljr 