EURO! NEWS. [FROM pOUIt, BPEOIAL OOBRESrONDENT.] "Municipal affairs lipre are just about as flat as dish water. It seems no man of note cares about coming forward for ridings requiring councillors. Mr. Birkett, after stringing people on to send hiui a largely signed requisition, quietly declined the honor. There is some talk of Mr. Harding, of Moglon- • j^aibyj jroming forward for-the central ., f ..tiding 1 , Jjdit he .iiR8 ot. the ghost of a show against our old councillor Garrett who, I regret to say, just "now is very ill in bed. However we hope he will soon recover. The position of-councillor evidently' isii'ot lteonly sought after, and our municipal election will be decidedly, slow- It is to be regretted we cannot get such men.as Messrs. G. Sutherland aud Palmer to stand, t]iey'having a big stake in the shire, '' Tho .verdict given jui _ the case of • SmithV. Syme'for libel has bebn received here witligreat favor. Itis considered that the " Ago" has boldly come forward and shown up most absurd extravagancies which existed in the Railway Department, thereby saving the country many thousands of pounds. It is felt a most deplorable fact that the proprietors of the." Age''.should be put to such exp£nse~ in upholding "wrongs of such . national importance to the country. Such courago should be rewarded by 'getting up a public subscription to defray "all Mr. Synie's law expenses. The ancient game of chess is being revived in this town. Captain Plea- .santsis going in for the game. Evidently the recent cablegrams on the prospect of war is awakening this ardent feeling, as no doubt, as. Wellington said, ho won the buttle'of Wateiloo through his knowledge of chess. Our Captain probably will gain a deal of ' stratagetical knowledge from Mr l'otts and our new schoolmaster. It is the intention of the trustees of the Euroa Racecourse to give the pnblic a chance of getting back the well appointed race course we have here, which recently they were cbriipolled to buy. All these 'gentlemen who are trustees are anxious that this course should remain for the people. Their intention is to put this properly into £1 debentures on which they will pay 5 per cent, interest , per .annum. This Jnterest on the proposed capital of £ 700 will be easily made. The Euroa Shire Council might come forward and guarantee this per cent., as according to tlfo Local Government Act itis quite within theirpi'oviuci 1 . In fact fortiubiic. benefit;* as a rfecrfcation ground , jtHey ctmld, if Stlifiy thought fit, buy, the whole concern. The senseless ajifctliy evinced . in this mat.tor by the Huron "Advertiser" is must severely commented .Mil by till residents of tills town wliiV .;.•>.. 'Ji^e ou r f;j«irtij'g wdfar$ at JiMrt. " "Our old iiuid esteemed friend—Mr. «T. King, «f Branjei! Park—has .given his eldest daughter in matrimony to Mr. J. Shields, «f Strathbogic. The wed- .tjiiiet one. - We' wlslitlie newly married pair all success 'And happiness. Rain is badly needed, the recent severe" 'froBtsi having" decidedly gone ngainst-growth. Mi-Harry White'has sold up to the present time over 390 leuioiitrees..: The factfcliat lemon trees do welt here is inducing ' a number of jieople to plant. One gentleman, a few -«^y.e»ts agb^lniUed ii quartei- nf an acrc,- iiis return this year being £40 net from that area. 