ON THE PREVAILING DISQUIE TUDE IN" RELIGION. IjETTEKS to a Friexd. Br Dr A. J. Campbell. My dear friend,—The practical result of the past 50 years of theological and critical research, may be summed up in these words of Professor Fairbairn : " Christ is now standing among us, face to face, more clearly than ut nny time since the apostolic ago. Therefore we cannot continue to be as wo were."— "Whether as members of churches or of society,—in our homes, our work or our amusements, he thinks that we must now bring our beliefs, and our manner of life, under His immediate review, and subordinate tliem to His Divine purposes. When Christ bad been crucified, and had bean raised from the dead, " God sent Hiiu to bless us in turning every oue of us from our iniquities." In no otlicr way can He begin to do His work of blessing us. Ho came in the likeness of our sinful flesh for tho express purposo of dealing with our sin,— of taking it away from us, of turning us away from it. 1s there any thing whioli should make us so truly glad, as to know for certain that there is standing beside us,—nearer than our nearest neighbor, this Son of God,—who, having by His cross won the power of | forgiving sins, is offering to relievo us of tho dreadful burden. I have never kuown a congregation more startled than one which wus asked to say, " what they were going to do with their sins if they ro- j fusod to part with thorn to Christ.—They had other things, beside llioir sins to dis pose of, when they died. These thoy could will away, but who would take their sins off their hands, and answer for thorn at the Judgment seat " Oh the strango power of uubolief,that will let I us bolieve everything, except the great | love wherewith God has loved us, and will open the door to every comer, but to Him who comes in the name of the Lord to save us. Dear friend, are you not sick at heart for the want ot God, and weary of wandering in the dark V Then listen to Christ's call,'—come to Him at once, and He will give you rest. His prom iso. | of rest is twofold. First: Ho "gives' immediate rest to those who are groaning under the burden of sin by removing it ; and then He promises to those who take I up His yoke, and learn of Him, that they | shall " find " rest to their souls,—find it in tho yjath of obedience; for His yoke is easy—yea, it supports and helps them in keeping straight on in tho path of duty,if , they fit themselves to it; and His burden | is light, unless tlicy try to serve the two masters, or to do Christ's work .in their own weakness, without tho help and guidance of the Holy Ghost. ". ,.! .Let me show you the necessity of the Spirit's, help, and how': it has' arisen. The breath of life, which , made I man a livingsoul, "wus the Spirit of God,— who is the secret source, and over-renew-' ing spring of. tlio various life of tho universe. To His indwelling man-.owes his uprightness, aud tho majesty of his, firstestate. "When he sinned the Spirit left him. Not altogether, however, for He continued to strive with him tillChrist' | came, in whose pure heart Ho found an abidiug home. Found, moreover, in Him a man after God's. own heart—through | whom He could work nil God's- will. "When Christ had finished that work. He. told'His amazed and iucredulousdisciples | that it was expedient that He should go away, otherwise tho Spirit (whose coming wus more needful for tbeni th&n; His stay ing") would not coiiie." But He did come ] at Pentecostj and set lip, not tliq crucifix, but the cross, and testified 'that.the dead Christ was alive again, and glorified Hiih"| •by breaking and theu"lieiiling.-3f)00 soiils. And He '"is with us still, and if. Ho is not doing the same mighty"works among us, it; is because; of our'unbelief. ".Sorely" 'wo ■ nqe'd " His aid, for . tho.' church's revival, and the" world's .conversion;— j and there is no.rdiity lying so urgently' upon the children of God just.now,as the continuing in earliest, believing," prayer for a plentiful outpouring of the Holy Ghost. :V ' ". • ' But'while we'pray for. the' Spirit,!.we must not overlook "the" invitation of oil"? Lord to couie aud learn ."of. Him. He is. our Master (" Ye. call Me; Master," and Lord, and yd say. well,' for. solaiii.") I But He offers Himself as our Teacher as well, He wishes to train us foi\ the duties of this 1 life—hut''still mor'o, 'we must boliovo, for the(employments : and com panionships of 1 Heaven., We, "may be surprised, however,' that.' the qunlifica tioii on which 'He' ^depeiids! for success is noittaer the greatness" of His Divine power nor the depth of His Divine wis dom. It is the meekness and lowliness' of His heart." Plainly, .therefore, the things in which lie means to educate us, do hot lie so much iri the region bf the intellect, as of the heavt. They arc not matters of; speculative inquiry, ' but' of ! practical obligation. "It was because ho "was so' meek and'lowly that,' even among" the troubles' that thronged, his; .path," He found rost to His "soul. Asour Teacher, He will give us His experience. As our! Master, He will set h'efore'us His example: Lot mo commend this subject to . your, daily '' thought. " Compile 'from'.' His biography n continuous; likeness of Him - as Christ,, your' Exemplar'." To.help" you, hero arc a few specimens'of His huin ble-mindeduessJ. "Whon - His mother | found Him in " the Temple, He suffered I her to lead Him away—as if He' wished the Jewish doctors, whom Ho had aston ished with His questions' and aliswofs,-to know.; that His."heart was not haughty, neither had 'Ho hpon .exbrcisiiig Himself ill things too liigli for Him.. 2. When tempted, by the devil to. exert His own divine power, and;'follow His own will,; He refused to do' so, aiul three times sub- I mitted : Himself to the'written word and command of God. 3, In the beginning of His ministry,: He used no " enticing | words of,,; man's wisdom.: '.Hp opened seven.: doors to happiness, -..which inun ,-had kept sealed, and gave His benediction to the poor in spirit; the mourners, the meek, the hungerers after righteousness, the merciful, the | pure in heart, and tho pence-makers, i. Knowing that His path had been laid down for Him, and that it had been de termined (and to some extent predicted), I not only what Ho ought to do, hut what! Ho actually wouid do, Ho did not resent this apparent violation of the freedom of His will, hut yielded Himself and His will to the will of His Father, behaving and quietiug Himself like a child. 5. When His words of mercy seemed to be falling to tlio ground, and His mighty works to be done in vain, He did not complain of His poor success, nor murmur against God'for hiding from the wise and prudent what He revealed unto babes. " Even so, Father,"- were His words of humble acquiescence, " for so it seemed good in Thy sight"—and 6. On the occasion when Ho accepted tho homage of His disciples, you remember with wliat bumble piee.p of service Ho prefaced that act. His qualification for being their Lord and Master was that He could stoop down and wash their feet. And now, dear friend, let me say these closing words of affectionate farewell.—Wo are often told that wo ought to remember that wo must die. It is of equal importance that we should remember that wc are to live for over. It is a tremendous prospect. But, if Christ is indeed so near us, and so ready and able to save us unto the utter most, oh, why should we hesitate ? Why [ should we not accept God's unspeakable : gift while it is yet in our offer, and at • once enter into the peace and joy of • behoving ? May God Himself, Wlio liat.li \- loved us with an everlasting love, direct our hearts iuto the love of Christ. 