Reminiscences of an Old Australian. AUSTRALIAN TALES AND SKETCHES (Written for the Advertiser by " Outtaral.") Of late old colonists, Australian-born and otherwise, smitten with the garrulity of age, doubtless, have taken to publishing in the newspapers reminiscences of their early days ; recounting truthful incidents of the far back " twenties " and "thirties," that years hence will probably be collated by his torical students, and prized as valuable adjuncts of Australian history. So far our accepted written history smacks largely of officialdom and red-tape, bare, bald, official, facts, as per blue book, are only noted, and within a dozen pages of a medium-sized volume are crammed the historical records of as my years. The older nations, each and all, pride themselves on their folk-lore—legend of fay and fairy ; of wandering knight and outlaw bold. Wreathed, as it is, with the glamour of old romance, the historical student be lieves the ground-work of European folk lore to be, in storyteller phrase, "founded on facts," and recognise in those quaint old legends a reflex of the daily life that obtained in the buried centuries. Blent facts and fables are the constituents of those old legends, and probably many of the accepted facts are fables, and many of the seeming fables are veritable facts. Robin Hood and his " merrie men," all clad in Lincoln green, we are now told existed but in the imagination of old romancits. Bold Little John, and Friar Tuck have been pronounced but idle fic tions, and Sweet Maid Marion but a pleasant myth. So be it. Still we know of a certainty that long after the Conquest the forests and fens of England swarmed with doughty counterparts of Bold Robin and his "foresters good." For years after the Crown of England encircled the Con queror's brows, Hereward the Outlaw and his band made matters exceedingly sultry for William and his Norman followers, and the dispossessed English nobles were then; compelled to seek an honest (?) livelihood by " taking to the bush." We Australians, alas, possess no folk- lore in the accepted sense of the word. No fay nor fairy have we; nor wandering knight nor outlaw bold. The old Campbelltown legend of " Fisher's Ghost," the somewhat mythical Bunyip and the Yahoo, comprise our all of ghostly lore and woodland marvel. Certainly for a time we had Cissy, Geordie, and Josephine ; but, alas, the too rude embrace of Bennett the Incredulous " laid " for evermore the frisky manes of our erstwhile ghostly trio, and now no longer do they " re-visit the glimpses of the moon." Australian knighthood spells " Brummagem," and electricity and bush bred Australian troopers have spoiled the vocations of would-be outlaws bold. In the absence, then, of antique folk-lore, we must perforce fall back on the recital of stories of those olden days when the century was yet young—stories? that are still recounted by the camp fires of bearded swagmen and by the hearths of our scattered settlers. So much by the way of preface; and now, e trusting that the recital of true incidents of our early colonial days, by one whose memory carries him back to the days of " good old Governor Burke," may interest the readers of the Advertiser, we will spin our first Australian yarn about the man who, once, was Governor for an Hour. Old Mick Murphy, as his name implies, was an Irishman ; who like his illustrious countryman Sir C. G. Duffy, claimed to be " a rebel to the backbone and spinal marrow. They both, too, became Australian colonists. But, alas ! for poor Mick, under vastly different circumstances and conditions, for whereas, when Sir Gavan ceased to be a prominent leader of the National Party in the old country, he beame one of Australia's greatest citizens and ablest statesman, and gained, with honor, the dignity of knight hood, poor old Mick's rebellious proclivities played him a scurvy trick, and as he played a little part in a generation previous to Sir Gavan—a generation when the "Penal Laws " were still in force, and " white boys " and " ribbon men "generally received " a short shrift and a long rope," or a lengthy voyage to the antipodes at the hands of the Ponnefeathers of his time, somewhere about the time that " Major Johnstone and other prominent colonists" were engaged in making matters somewhat lively for Governor Bligh, "our beautiful harbour " first unfolded its sylvan glories to the enraptured (?) gaxe of Michael Murphy, the convict Irish rebel. Soon after Murphy's arrival in the colony he was drafted from Hyde Park Barracks to Government House, Parramatta, to act in that long since abolished Vice-Regal establishment ie the humble capacity of butcher. Shortly after Murphy's translation from Hyde Park to Parramatta, Governor Mac quarie arrived in the colony, and for the ensuiug 12 or 13 years he was the " bond servant" of that autocratic and egotistical Governor. Every schoolboy knows that during the latter part of the last century and the early part of the present, hundreds, probably thousands, of Irish insurgents were trans ported to New South Wales. But every schoolboy does not know that those ex patriated patriots, although clad, fettered, and gyved in the same manner as other criminals, held sternly aloof from the really criminal class of convicts. In a word, they refused to be confounded with thieves and vagabonds. The laws not recognising any gradations of criminality among the convicts, rogues and rebels, pickpockets and patriots had, perforce, to herd together. Nevertheless old colonists, still living, will well remember that those old-time Irish in surgents, during their long terms of servi tude, and after they had regained their freedom, shunned contact with those who had been transported for thieving and the grosser grades of crime. Although scarcely relevant to our story, doubtless it is par donable to give prominence to those facts so creditable to the old Irish exiles, for it was no small honor to them in those distant days of rapine and ruffianism, although doomed to herd with the vilest criminals, that they maintained their integrity unsullied, and remained uncontaminated by contact with the ruffianism of the times. There was nothing striking or romantic in the character of Murphy. He was but a very ordinary type of the uneducated Irish man of nearly a century ago, Although a " united Irishman," he had not been a pro minent one. He had been merely one of the rank and file. His mediocrity of character, probably, had saved his neck, and gained " a free passage to Botany Bay," when con victed of treason. A weakness for the rum bottle was his greatest fault, and as those were the days when " the pernicious rum traffic " was in full swing, his opportunities of indulging in libations of his " favorite poison" wore both ample and frequent. Like the majority of his countrymen, Mick possessed a quaint and ready wit, allied to a kind and gentle disposition, and was an immense favorite with his fellow servants. It is scarcely necessary to say that during the second decade of the present century, the times (locally) were much "out of joint," and Mick, when in his cups—a frequent occurrence—was fond of posing as a colonial reformer, and apparently believed that, if allowed a freehand for a time, " he was the chap to save the country." Imbued with this notion, a frequent and favorite ex pression of Mick's was, " If I was Governor for only an hour, I would soon put matters straight." Judging by the anecdotes in circulation among the old hands a half century ago, anent the doings of Government House in the days of Macquarie, matters social and domestic, were of a very " go-as-you-please " order, and the humour of stern old Lachlan and his suite partook more of the coarse ness of the camp than the refinement of the drawing room. Mick's oft-expressed wish of filling his master's shoes for an hour had raised many a laugh within the precincts of the Vice-Regal quarters at Parramatta. So one day, Macquarie, being in a jocular mood, and hearing Mick giving utterance to his oft-repeated wish, he (Macquarie) sum moned Murphy to his presence and informed him that he intended to invest him with gubernatorial powers for just one hour. All present entered readily into the frolic of the hour. Mick was ordered to be seated, a secretary was appointed to jot down the governor pro tems enactments, proclama tions, &c.;, &c.;, during his brief term of office. Proceedings began by Mick granting a free pardon to one of his favourite chums, and awarding " fifty lashes " to a chain-gang overseer who was reputed to be a great tyrant. Thus matters progressed during Murphy's brief governorship. Free pardons to some, tickets of leave to others, and grants to freemen who had gained his up probation. All those favors being now and again counterbalanced by sentences of im prisonment, and a free application of the lash to two officious constables, informers and Government overseers, with a penchant for introducing their convict charges too often to the dreaded triangle. So sped Mick's " term of office," and at the tend of sixty minutes he was callod upon to "vacate the chair," and the secrietary was requested to read off the sum total of Murphy's one hour's administration of affairs. The list of awards, rewards and punishment was a lengthy one, but, strange to relate, that although a convict himself, with no immediate hopes of liberty, not once did his name occur in the records of the hour's mock proceedings. " Well, Murphy," said Macquarie, " You appear to have overlooked your own inter ests, my man. When granting free pardons so freely you should have conferred one upon yourself. You have not done so, and I promise you that you will not receive one during the remainder of my term of office." Unquestionably, Macquarie was a good governor. One of our very best. Just the man, in fact, for the time. Keen, far seeing and capable, swift of action and firm of resolve. Nevertheless, judging from his treatment of poor Murphy, he was not overburdened with the finer feelings of humanity. He seemingly failed to realize the- supreme unselfishness of the man, and up to the time of his departure in 1S21, Murphy remained in bondage. The reader will rejoice to hear that shortly after Governor Brisbane's arrival Mick became once more a free man, married, and attained to very fair circumstances in the Parramatta district. 