WHEN GREEK MEETS GREEK. A TALE OF LOVE AND WAR. Br JOSEPH HATTON. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XXIV.— While the Lark was Singing. In due course Mathilde and the count drew rein at the Hermitage. Tl'e farmer and his wife received them with tears, but had over looked nothing that could make their stay a ! comfort so long as it lasted. Laroche also took every precaution to make the place a safe prison. Nevertheless, it was a blessed house j to Mathilde and De Fournicr— their first home. Though it had been converted into_ a gaol nothinz could change the sweet memories that would cling about it for ever in their imagina tion. So they dreamed on and said naught to each other about their journey, nor of their hopes. They were together; for the present that was enough. To both of them came the agonising thought, ' If they should separate us!' But neither uttered what was in their hearts except euch things as were lovely and tender ; and when they arose the next morning soon after daylight the world of woods and fields and the garden of scattered roses and the song of birds seemed to smile upon them and give them good assurance of a future. A lark sung high up against heaven's gate, and it pleased Mathilde to follow it with her prayers and to feel that it was pleading for her. The fanner and the humble partner of his joys and sorrows and their one manservant came to the door to bid their guests adieu and add their humble blessings. The good wife, in her brown woollen dress and apron, her sabots and colored crossover about her brown neck, had to be supported by the farmer, who every now and then raised his hand to his fore head iu respectable salutation of Do Fournier's kindly words. 'Citizen,' said Laroche, 'on my own behalf and by desire of monsieur lo capitaine and his citizen troopers and those whose servants we are, we thank you for your .hospi tality ; at the same time it is well that you should know you are liable to arrest and your property to confiscation for your previous harboring of enemies of the revolution. ' No, no, monBieur, M whimpered the farmer's wife. _ . I ' It is death to 'give succour to the enemies ' of France; and that you have done,' continued Laroche as he thrust his pistols into the holsters by his cumbersome saddle. 'I am ready to suffer,' said the old man, looking steadily at Laroche, 'if it is a crime to succour the unfortunate.' . The servant-man, who had been in the family of the farmer's master, 'Monsieur : Bertin, stood forward, silently subscribing to j the farmer's loyal sentiment. ' Moreover, it is my duty to stand by the noblasse ; they have stood by me and mine.' 'Then you are exceptions,' said Laroche, ' and they have not stood by France— not as you mean by standing by.' 'They have their duties; we have ours,' said the farmer. 'Stood by !' said Laroche with a carl of his lip. ' They have stood by while the people starved ; stood by while the people have grown the corn they might not eat, and paid taxes for kings to squander on wanton women ; stood by with the poor begging for food, with out moving a hand to help them ; and while we are talking here they are standing by in the hope that foreign troops will swarm over France and chain us afresh with the shackles we have broken.' ' ' To-day your arguments are unanswerable,' said De Fournicr, speaking for the first time since he hod mounted his horse, except to reassure Mathilde and say farewell to their humble friends of the Hermitage. ' You have command of the floor ; you back your opinions with prisons and scaffolds.' 'In that we take a lesson from you, citizen,'1 said Laroche. 'How from me?' ' You and yours gave us the Bastille ; we respond with the Temple, La Force, and the Couciergerie.' 'The wrongs that may have been done by the class to which I belong do not make right of the wrongs you commit.' ' The wronprs of a thousand years have to be avenged. It is justice,' said Laroche. 'What justice is there in murdering a nobleman for the fault of an ancestor ?' 'An example,' said Laroche. 'The God whom you. and the priests have monopolised amoqgst you, even He visited the sins of the fathers upon the children and made the innocent a byword and a scoffing, inasmuch as they were legatees of the past. Besides ? ' 'You spoak from your head, not your heart,' said Do Fournier; 'and you seek a mere controversial justification for a tyranny worse than that you claim to have over thrown.'.' s 'Not overthrown, monsieur le comte, as you are wont to be called ; only in course of overthrow. Our battle is not at home only ; it is beyond the frontiers, against the foreigner, whom Louis Capet encourages to march upon us.' Mathilde touched De Founder's arm as he was about to reply and he turned towards her. ' Hush !' she said. 'You are going to make an angry answer; pray don't. The gendarme officer is growing impatient.' ' I will 6ay no more, dear,' he replied. . 'We waste time, Citizen Laroche,' said the . officer of the troop. ' Very well ; give the word, then.' j 'Attention!' said the officer. 'Right I wheel ; forward !' ' You will follow the advance guard,' said Laroche to De Fournier and his wife. ' You shall have a reasonable distance for conversa tion ; we are not gaolers.' De Fournier thanked Laroche and taking the bridle of Mathilde's horse led her through the cottage gate into the path which by-and-byc joined the high road to St. Germain. I It was a monotonous ride to Paris. No incident on the way occurred to make ^t memorable. Josejjh. had fouud St. Germain more or less in the hands of tbe new authori ties. He had been unable to approach Monsieur Bertin's house until midnight Then he climbed the park wall on jts less frequented side and made his way into the butler's room, where it waa understood in case of need he would find an unbarred door. He learnt that the house was in posseesion of a company of Municipal Guards from Paris. Their chief officer had only that day informed madame that if Monsieur Bertin did not gi'o himself up within four- and-twenty hours she and her daughters would be removed to Paris. Mathilde and De Fournier were spared this de pressing piece of news. There spirits fell as they entered Paris and noted the crowds of strange people, armed and 'noisy, eomo marching iu motley companies to join the troops at the frontiers, others singing vile songs and brandishing their weapons m a mod, imbecile kind of way. Within the barrier of the Champ Elysecs a fresh contin gent of troops joined Laroche's civil command. They were needful ; for, passing along the lluo St. Honore, a vast crowd surged against them, groaning and hissing and shouting hideous threats. The new contingent brought with them new captives. Every conceivable noise seemed to be in the air as they pushed their way along the streets, some of which were still as death. It was in the leading thoroughfares where their course was impeded. In the back streets those who remained indoors had mostly barricaded their houses. All the shops were closed. An atmosphere of terror was over the city, all the more threatening in its silent streets than where it was most apparent in storm and stress and wild ferment of pikes and the rolling of insurrectionary drums. ~ Chapter XXV.— Captives of the Com mexe— Mathilde and -De Focbmer in Separate Prisons. Time and a restless people have wipeci out the architectural landmarks of the French Revolution, but the spectres of that awful past remain. You may trace the red footsteps of the terror through street and alley, in park and square, though few of the once familiar surroundings any longer remain. The very names of the historic localities have been changed. The ghosts are there all the same and in all weathers, in the sunshine, in the rain, when summer winds make gentle ripples on the river, when winter gales blow stiffly about the grim towers of the Palate de Justice, and the snow falls thick upon the adjacent quays and whitens the Tuileries gardens— still the same sad memories cling about the beautiful city. So long as nations have a history, so long will the story of the agony of Paris touch the universal heart and appeal to the universal imagination. ' Tie pick-axe and the spade have demolished the old prisons almost as completely as the Bastille. Under, the tyranuy of kings there'' was. only one Bastille; under the changing governments of the people there were many, and of worst repute. The demolition of Old Paris stopped at the Palais de Justice and the Conciergerie. The spirit of change has paused in an uncertain way round about the historic prisons; You still come upon ragged bits of the architecture of - the time, glimpses of old houses sections of ancient streets; but the district, as the Marseillais saw it marching through to the Pont Neuf, is no more, neither are its unpaved streets nor its atmosphere reeking of the gutters, but always picturesque — in the summer with blinds and shutters against the sun, and curious signs indicative of varied trades, and inns and cabarets, and hdtels of wealthy citizens standing back in quiet court yards. On the other side of the Seine one come3 upon similar suggestions of a wild past, with ite once quaint streets of St. Martin, St. Honore, St. Denis, ita Halle aux Bits, its Rue do la Monnaie, which is still the same narrow way, though busy with modem magasins de marohandises and its intermediate conglomeration of passages, alleys, and mixed thoroughfares. Many of the streets of 1792, with the Rue Barnabe, are, however, to-day only memories, but what memories5! One looks iu vain for the old house where Jaffray Ellicott courted Mane Bruyset, but there are relics sufficient between the Rue du Temple, the Mont do Piete* and the newer buildings of the Rue du Pout Neuf aud the Quai du Louvre to enable one to picture the actualities of the scenes in' which the humanities, of the time had much ado not to be stamped out altogether under the heels of the fanatical insurrectionaries. A word or two by way of historical remini scence will serve to explain to the general reader the character of the Conciergerio and the singularity of its name. It is an integral part of the Palais du Justice. Originally a fortress it become a royal palace, kings, as well as republics, must have prisons. The French monarch who lived at this stately abode on the Seine in the early days preferred a handy one; so he enlarged his palace in that direction. He built a residence for the governor of his house of deteution, with ite dungeons and its instruments of torture, and they called him the ' ' Concierge' of the palace ; his special department therefore came to be known as the Conciergerie ; hence the name of the historic prison to this day ; and in the present economy of domestic life in Paris the 'concierge' of our day may be said to inherit) the autocratio instincts of his more distin guished though less genial predecessor on the banks of the Seine. Prior to the revolution the Conciergerie had a history which for misery and bloodshed it would have taxed human invention to rivaL During the feuds of the Armagnacs and the Bourguignons the 'Cabochiens' broke into the gaol and killed every prisoner, man and woman. They strewed the palace yard with corpses, among them the Count d'Armagriaci constable of 1* ranee, six bishops, and several members of the Paris Parliament. The place was nearly burnt down in 177C. but a few years later it was restored, in time for a re vival of its evil reputation. There it stands to this day, with its two pointed towers and all - its romantic and ghastly memories, on the banks of the Seine, which during the terror ran with blood, con veyed in a gully constructed from the guillo tine's' first establishment in the Place de la Grove. If it is difficult in these brighter days, standing by the gaily-freighted river, to realise the_coniing and going of prisoner* con damned era they were tried. -one daiiy pro cession of fair women and nonlemen, on their way to death. Ytramay ent^r the awlul gates that now swing freely to and fro for the admission of the curious. You may see the cells and rooms, the stone dungeons that were packed with prisonere of every class and grade With an ordinary effort of imagination you may hear the ribald Bhoute of frenzied men, the flighB of insulted womanhood, the defiant songs of reckless soldiers, and yotr may smell the stench of it; all too terrible for words to describe. Here, one sad day towards the end of August* 1789, came De Founder, in the custody of Laroche and an escort of gendarmes. Other prisoners arrived at the same time. Two of them were RoyalistB of distinction who bad in tbeir day been pre-eminent among the most illustrious of Frenchmen... De Fournier, in comparatively humble clothes, attracted no particular attention from the crowd that had gathered around the ap proaches to the Palais de Justice. Through its guarded gates and beyond its grim courtyard the Conciergerie was hidden. The majority of the crowd were women. They screamed and yelled and hissed the two Royalist prisoners, whose nobility of de meanor aua.at the same time quiet submissive ness to a cruel destiny might have awed ordi nary mortals into Bilent respect. But these were not ordinary mortals. They were travesties of womanhood, sexless fiends in human shape. They were creatures of the night who on the 10th of August had dabbled their hands in the blood of the king's guards in the Tuiluries gardens, dabbled in it and drunk it round the insurgent fires, in which the flesh of heroic soldiers and stricken aristocrats had been flung with the wreck of royal apartments. They had assisted to parade with bleeding heads on fearsome pikes. They had played the part of priestesses at obscene feasts and taken awful oaths at devilish assemblies. Already their shadows were falling upon the immediate future of the Conciergerie when De Fournier and his fellow-victims attracted their atten tion. It was only for a few minutes that the prisoners created a slight diversion from the business of the morning, which was to salute the procession of death on its .way to the guillotine. The tumbrels were already drawn up outside the gates. Presently they would enter and return with pale passengers, many of whom would suffer their bitterest moments in the execrations of the mob. De Fournier noticed, topping the reBt of her grim sisterhood, Pierre Grappin's wife, cyni' cally known as Madame Angelique. She was the fiendish apex of a motley crew that oscil lated round about her like witches in a hideous dream and in every kind of costume under the sun, some half dressed like men, some in breeches, others in soldiers' coats, some with mob-caps and tricolor ribbons, others in the bounet rouge ; most of them lantern-jawed and pale, with dark rims around their eyes and wet lips. They flung their 'arms aloft, brandishing pikes and scythes and muskets. There were naked arms red with blood, arms in coats of the National Guards, arms in bloody gowns, arms with short sleeves, arms with long sleeves, hands like claws and Lands with big bony fingers, none of them but ?were gatny and grim with the gore of victims, the guillotine's or the Blain of no less grim sansculotte and revolutionary brigands. So strangely do all kinds of things appeal to a man's sympathies at perilous moments and in the midet of great sorrows that De Fournier found himself tiityiug Pierre that his name and honorshould'have been shared with so vile a creature as this mad impersonation of revolu tionary mania. His heart was heavily laden and yet it felt the shadow of this other fellow Bufferer's grief. The pity of the whole busi ness gathered round about his own affliction. He was dazed with the impress of it upon his mind, that was stung to madness by his part ing with Mathilde. He had said farewell to her at the portals of the Temple prison. It was not until Ins escort had been in creased by a fresh contingent of men ou entering Paris that Laroche had informed Do Fournier of their different destinations, his wife to be delivered into the custody of the governor of the Temple, he to the Concier gerie. Mathilde had behaved with womanly forti tude. It was De Fournier who broke 'down with grief and passion. Then a sudden des pair took possession of him, with a bitter underlying current of a longing for a great revenge. . He was right in thinking that they owed their separation to Grebau val and every conceivable indignity that his imagination could invent seemed possible from his rival, who hated him by reason of their blood relationship, and who would hate him the more that his own action had hurried on the marriage it was his chief desire to pre vent. Whoever might have originated the trite saying — 'When Greek meets Greek then comes the tug of war' — a far more truthful indication of intense hostility than the more . correct lines, 'When Greek meets Greek then was the tug of war' — the spirit of it iB as old as rebellion, civil war, and family quarrels. In the French Revolution the bitterest and most uncompromising conflicts were those of French against French. The Btory of the time is one hourly illustration of malignity of hostile factions .and competing committees, each annihilating the other with a far more bloody malice than Frenchmen showed when they met their foreign foes. The dullest imagination could conceive the animosity with which Grebauval and De Fournier might assail each other should oppor tunity offer, and one follows their brief history in the great tragedy of Paris with a keen hope that Fate may still have in store such a change of destiny for the new prisoner of the Conciergerie as shall place him free and face to face with Mb powerful enemy. Grebauval waspneof those persistent lovers, 80 called, who, failing a legitimate direction to bis ardent desires, is willing to brave every obstacle of custom, law, morality, religion, or hatred of the woman he affects to worship, in order to encompass his ends; and who makes possession alike an object of a base pride and a bout vengeance. The sea stories of skippers who steal their unwilling brides and go down with them to the depths in their phantom ships have no more tragic impulse than Grebauval could develop out of what once might have been a reasonable inBtinct of love. Experience of the atrocities of the prisons within the short time between July and the September we are approaching had steeled his heart against all the finer emotions that might have hfwl a place there, Robespierre nursed to the last a passion that was akin to love as well as ambition for. the daughter of the Due d'Orleans. It is as if the god who is supposed to inspire the divine passion, disgusted with the thing he had created, handed over the trimminVof the flame to some soul-destroying imp. When Grebauval learut that Mathilde had escaped him through the church at St. Germain, whatever sentiment of a holy passion might at one time have touched his heart, however faintly, dried up : and there remained only ; the wormwood of disappoincment; the gall of lust, and the desire of vengeance. The prison was full to overflowing when De Fournier arrived there. Almost every day . new victims had fallen before the Revolutionary Tribunal; but the work went on too slowly for the municipal, authorities, who were now in full power. The Commune hod overawed the National . Assembly. Grebauval in the Chamber' had supported the municipality when it came to the bar. He joined in the cry of 'Vive la Commune 1' when tho galleries applauded Tallien's defiant answer to tho Girondist chief, Vergniaud. De Fournier, therefore, arrived at the Conciergerie at a most dangerous moment, though Grebauval's chief interest was in Mathilde. It was, however, by a stroke of good fortune that De Fournier was flung into a cell with fourteen others, among whom was M. de la Galctierre, his comrade in the retreat to St. Germain. The Citizen Galetierre informed him that he had been at first placed in a dungeon with two murderers for companions. By the virtue of some gold pieces and the interposition of a friendly municipal he had been transferred the next day to his present quarters. 'And what is more to tho purpose,' he said, 'I was in time, as you arc to participate in a scheme of escape that promises success.' ' Escape ?' said De Fournier, ' with the secret among so many V ' Yes. When you arrived the fear was that you might be a spy thrown in among us. Did you not notice the smile of relief that went round when I knew you and we embraced ?' 'I did not notice it,' said the new prisoner ; 'my faculties are numbed. I am broken, de*ar friend, broken 1' ' You shall be set up again ; we are'Tich in this cell, dear comrade ; Bix of us have 'money enough to provide decent food and moderately good wine. We keep up our spirits and shall revive yours. My wife is hot far away ; I hope to join her very soon.' 'I am thinking not of myself,' said De Fournier ; and then the two sat down upon a bench beneath a window looking upon a small open space that was only separated from the Seine by a low wall and De Fournier related to him all that hod happened since they iiad parted. M. de la Galetierre understood and appre ciated his friend's fears for Mathilde, but fired him with a new hope. The window above them was not far from the ground. It was pro tected by iron bars, two of which had already been sawn through and could be easily re moved. Two others would undergo similar operations at night, and within two or three days the course would be free. The room in which they were confined was a makeshift prison, and once outside the prison there would be no difficulty in escaping. There were few precautions against escape. At first they had a terrible outer guard to fear. Two dogs were the sentinels. The concierge relieved his officers at night by trained hounds, mongrel bred beasts, half mastiff, half bloodhound, that were let loose in the courtyard. Two of the brutes were posted in the small open space be neath the window through which the 14 men had resolved to climb.- Their leader, a man of athletic strength and a curious and varied knowledge, had tamed the slobberiug four footed guardians of the night. For days such pieces of meat as could be spared were accumulated for the dog- tamer, who exercised other powers over the animals. On two special occasions he had obtained access to them. tt was not very difficult to get into the courtyard, but no prisoner ever cared to run the risk of being torn to pieces. The prisoners called their leader Daniel, and iid lion's den could have been more dangerous than the courtyard of the Conciergerie after dark. But Daniel went boldly into the midst of the brutes. He not only .pampered their appetites, but he had a knack .of seizing a dog by its forepaw, and by pressing a certain nerve between the first and second claws had the animal at his mercy. It seemed as if the influence spread from one to the other. A paw in Daniel's hand the dog would howl and seize the hand as if it would gnaw it, but it ended in nothing worse than a rough fondling, and Daniel was the dog's master. And so, M. de la Galetierre explained, the road was clear when the window bars should be removed. He further informed De Fournier that all sorts of people were permitted to enter the prison ; tavern-waiters, vendors of various wares, money-changers, and others. In the daytime the courtyard was a rendezvous for friends of the prisoners who were not afraid to exhibit an interest in them — which, however, now and then led to their arrest. Benches were placed alongside the grated barrier, and here all day long communication with the outer world was maintained mostly by friendly intercourse, often, however, through malcontents who re viled the prisoners and bade them prepare to embrace La belle guillotine. As a conclusion to these particulars M. de la Galetierre, .laying his hand affectionately ou De Founder's shoulder, exclaimed, ' And you come just in time to participate in our scheme !' ' And to perish if it fails,' he replied. ' In that case we shall only only anticipate our end by a day or two. The work of destruction has begun in terrible earnest. Every day the procession to the knife is recruited from the Conciergerie. We were twenty in this narrow room when I ' was brought into it. With you, we are now fifteen.' 'And you sleep here?' 'Don't you see the beautiful straw upon the benches round the cell?' ' Yes, and smell it,' said De Fournier. ' My dear friend, you should have seen the hole they thrust me into, festering with filth, the atmosphere thick with the oaths of uiy companions, who all day long cursed and swore and [diced and smoked black tobacco, and drunk bad brandy supplied by the warders. They requisitioned me at once for two days' supply, and fell upon me when I refused to join in their game.' Further conversation was interrupted by the arrival of supper, which was- spread on a long ricketty table, and paid for by the ' treasurer,' as an aged viscount wr,s called. In these early days of the Revolutionary Tri bunal and the reign of the demon Fouquier Tinville, the regimen was less severe than it was later, though a more rigid discipline followed. At first, while oiily too often political prisoners were mixed with ordinary malefactorsa there was the alleviation of mutual holp. The rich were allowed to feed tho poor. ? While the ComrmiriV denounced the noblesse ;for every crime under the *uti, . they committed the poor in most of the prisons to the tender mercies, of the rich, and established within their, houses pf deten tion an^ahnost model republic ; for here all classes were thrown together. Companions in misfortune, they became also friends in their adversity. Men and women of the upper classes fell in with the haphazard economy of the prisons and adapted themselves to their gruesome surrounding with a grace and fortU tude that commanded the respect of their humbler companions and won ev*n the eeteein of many of their bloodthirsty gaolers. As there were extremes of villainy and virtue in the personal history of the daily story of the revolution, so in the prisons were exhibited the highest qualities of human nature and the lowest, the noblest fortitude and the basest cowardice, the sweetest religious resignation and the wildest despair. At night De Fournier lay down by the side of his friend, but not to sleep. His fellow sufferers were more accustomed to their lot Some of them had be^n there for weeks, several for over a month ; and, moreover, they laid their beads down upon their hard pillows with a certain hope of escape. Anyhow, they had arrived at that state of mind which calms men and gives them rest. They knew that, one way or the other, their time was short at the Conciergerie. Nothing they could do had been left undone to obtain relief. For many nights they hod been lulled to sleep by Daniel s file, and on this night of De Fournier'a arrival Daniel had informed them that he would finish bufore daylight and that, on the following night they would be free. He never doubtea it, and he was a strong1 man, sanguine as he was strong and firm in his prophecy of escape, and then he had added, 'and once free of this, let no man be brought back alive ; as for me, I will be torn to pieces first.' And by and-bye the. monotonous burr of his file was heard above the whispers of those who were awake and the hard breathing of those who wete asleep ; and it was rather useful, Daniel said, that the dogs should tear around now and then and howl. Their music was pleasant to the gaolers, for it told them the dogs were on the watch. . It was a terrible night for De Fournier. He believed that he had not slept a wink, but he had dozed off frequently ; his brain active and alive all the time with every kind of distress ful invention in which Mathilde needed the help and protection he could not give her, and always with Grdbouval mocking him and load ing Mathilde with compliments worse than death, and her mother urging her to accept the protection which Grebauval offered her. Worse fancies and more awful ]K-ssibilities than even these took hold of his imagination, and from groans and sighs brought him at last upon his knees in prayer ; and when his friend awoke, with a streak of blurred sunlight coming through the bare of the window that now only held together by a remnant of un filed iron, De Fournier was asleep, his head between his hands, his knees Btill bent upon the floor. ' God has been good to him,' said De la Galetierre. ' For the present his troubles are over ; if he were dead they would be ended altogether. And yet what -a, terrible thing it is, the thought of going to sleep never to wake again.' (To be continued.) 