The Appin Falls. A New Holiday Resort. It would scarcely be believed that within 50 miles of Sydney, and easily available by road and rail, there exists what is probably the most picturesque and romantically situated waterfall in New South Wales, practically unknown to the general public. It has been said that Anthony Trollope discovered the Hawkesbury, but if he did this for the lower river, there is much left for other explorers in the upper branches of this noble stream. The grandeur of the Warragamba scenery is well known, so is the pastoral beauty of the Wollondilly, flowing through the lovely Burragorang Valley, but, who knows anything of the Cataract River, other than in its utilitarian aspect as the source of the Sydney water supply. THE APPIN FALLS. Yet in its wild recesses are many charming scenes, noble reaches of water teeming with fish, and a wild enough tangle of rocks, mountains, gorges, and falls, to suit the most adventurous. In the very heart of this mountain country is situate the Appin Falls, here depicted for the first time. Not that they have not been known for many years. Doubtless in some of the musty archives of half a century ago may be found re- corded the discovery of the chasm in the rocks that more than probably gave its name to the river. Hearing a vague rumour as to the existence of the Appin Falls, a party was recently organised to see whether they were worthy of a visit. Starting from Campbelltown the other day, an hour's drive brought us to the old-fashioned and waning township of Appin, whose aforetime prosperity abruptly ceased when the Illawarra THE BASIN. Railway diverted the coach traffic. Now it is but the ghost of its former self, but quaint and pretty withal, with its two stone churches and unnecessarily large hotels for present needs. Here we were joined by Mr. E. Spearing, our guide for the occasion, and under his care pushed on to our destination. A couple of miles of good road through the farms of Messrs. Carroll and Keil, and then we plunge into pure bush, only pene- trable through the action of a recent bush fire, which had scorched the whole scrub and forest into an abomination of desolation, which it will take months if not years to heal. This was by no means a promising prelude, and it was not long before a medley of fallen boughs and half-burnt logs brought all vehicular progress to an end. However, Shanks, his pony, came into good stead, and we followed the shadow of a track through a mile of blackened scrub, which left us like sweeps out for a holiday in full cos- tume. Presently a broad reach of the Cataract River came into view, shining like silver in the morning sun, and this gave fair promise of what was to come. A hurried scramble down steep rocks of a hundred yards or so, and the beauty of the falls dawned upon us. The clear stream leaped 60ft. out in mid air and splashed on a plateau of rocks below, the spray of which floated out into miniature rainbows, while below lay a mountain tarn, deep and unruffled by any wandering air. On the southern side a pre- cipitous hill, crowned with cliff-like rocks, rose several hundred feet high, and formed a fitting background to the scene. The walls of the gorge were covered with ferns and climbing plants, while a few survivals of the devastating bush fire peeped out of the clefts of the rocks, in the shape of epacris, boronia, rock lilies, and other favourites that ornament the sandstone area. Insignificant, of course, in comparison with Old World falls, the volume of water was quite re- spectable compared with Australian rivals, and after rain, from the size of the channel and the clear fall into the deep lake, it must easily be first among New South Wales cataracts. Part of the present fall juts out almost at right angles from the rock a few feet from the top, and this curiosity led to the discovery that it was caused by an ironstone "funnel," which pierces the solid rock some 6ft. from the edge of the sandstone cliff, and produces the above curious effect. The whole bed of the river for some dis- tance above the falls is grottoed with these pot- holes, some of them many feet deep, and dan- gerous to the unwary. They are said to abound with black fish and perch, but of this this de- ponent averreth not. The lake below, some acres in extent, and stated to be 60ft. deep, is also held to be fruitful of fish, mullet being present in addition to, the fresh-water fish. Of course the Cataract is the limit of their peregrinations. The photographs were taken by Mr. Alex. M'Niven, a talented young amateur, a resident of Picton, who accompanied the party. 