CHAPTEB XXL A GHOST FROM PHILIP IJBSTBE'SPABT. In the drawing room of a handsome house in London, a family party are as sembled about the centre table,atwhieh the lady of the house is making tea from a gr^at aib/dr urn, chatting the whilewrfch the group round the table and fireside. Among these last sits one who seems to be held in special esteem, for when he speaks fall hush, and when he is silent the others speak of or to Lira. A servant enters with, the day's post on a silver tray, which he places on the centre table. One of the ladies present assorts the pile of letters and says, with a saucy sir, as she hands one in a feminine hand to the gentleman to whom we have referred — \-- Ah, he's been at his old tricks down in Devonshire, nmwr.ii — here's a letter for him from a lady.' ' Why, Philip, my son, I thought you went to the west for your health 7' said the mother, with playful sarcasm. ' Are ladies proscribed by thefaculty, then 9' said our friend, Dr. Lester, as he took from his sister's hand the small and delicate envelope she handed him, ' I think they ought to be prescribed in your case, doctor.' said Miss Lester. ' Why so, Miss Wiseacre ?' ' Because you're suchacold-biooded, phlegmatic wretch that you require to have the circulation put into violent action in order to drive out the impuri ties of concert rnd mownling vanity that are at the core, sir.' ' It has not been by experience than yosr -Uvim sex exercise just that effect as acounrer irritant, little professor,' said Lester, smoothing back the sunny curls from his sister's brow. ' Well, thaf s iust because you've never met with the right sort of a woman, Sir Toplofty.' ' Which is the right sort, then, sis f' ' Why, a woman that, like the cen taur, can blow hot and cold in the same breath — that can sun you ''til the in fection of pride and arrogant coneeit stirs balmily up to the top of the water, and then, with tie nipping frost, of her indifference, freeze you as hard ssan iceberg.' ' I haVn^t met with that species yet, Silvia' and much I doubt if I shalL' 'Ah, I understand that inflection on the last pronoun, sir. Yon fancy your self proof against both sun and the frost. Wait — your hour is to come. Beware, Philip Lester, the arch-flirt will falL' 'And when he falls, befalls like Lucifer, never to rise again.'' And with the air of a tragedy queen, the young lady stepped away, while her brother went to the shaded reading lamp and opened the letter. It was as follows: — ' Ashbourne 'Your letter received. If you have any regard for ma do not return to Westcombe now the town is rife with scandal concerning your attentions to to me. Your presence here just at this time may ba ruinous to my reputation. If you are in the down it will never be belived that I do not receive your visits Till you hear from me again, come no more, I pray you nor send me any letters. Katkerine Ibsdale.' The Iredale coat-of-arms was on the dark seal that closed the envelope. Re placing the letter within its cover, Dr. Lester put it in his pocket, and resumed his place at the table. 'At least, it's not a love-letter, Philip, or you'd never have got through with it so quickly,' said Sylvia Lester, coming up to his side and lopping her head against his arm. ' Oh, yes, if it was a short one,' said the doctor, smiling. ' No ; even then you'd have lingered over it, and turned it about.' ' Why, you mesa strangely famlHar with the symptoms, little puss.' ' Well, that's just about the way I treat your letters, doctor — when I get any, you lasy fellow that scarcely ever writes tome — and if I am that way about yours, what would I not be with the letters of my sweetheart, if I ever get one ?' ' I hope you don't expect to care as much for the letters of a sweetheart that you'll get by the bushel, as for mine, that comes like angels' visits, few and far between '' ?? And short. Well, now that you mention it, 1 doubt if I shall ever care for any man or his letters as I do for you, Philip.' ' And I much more than doubt if the man lives who will care for you as I do, little girL' ' Then why don't you let me go to Devonshire with you next week, and keep rour house end take care of Gelert?' ' In the first place I'm not going to Devonshire r.ext week — Tve changed my mind — and poor old Gelert is given avray.' ' Given away! Why. Philip, I thought you'd have parted with one of you hands as soon as give Gelertaway.' ?* So I thought once.' ' Did you give him to a — man ?' asked Sylvia, wit-h. a soft affectation of timidity, and casting a sly, mischievous look up from under her gold iashes at her brother's face. ' Of course not — to a poor, lone little woman, who needed a friend and pro tector more than I did.' *? Exactly! I thought so. Presently you'll find out that tielert is not com petent for either oflice, and then you'll fling- your elegant self into the breach Doctor Lester. Ah ! I Bee now why it was absolutely necessary you should hurry back the very instant you got mamma out of her business trouble.' ' But Fve changed my mind about going baek right away,' said the doctor, laughing at the hot resentment in his sister's pretty face at the bare idea that he should be in danger of surrender to some enchantress. But despite the lightness of his man ner there was sharp and anxious concern in Philip Lester's noble, manly breast to know that any act of his had brought, more trouble to poor Katharine's life, and that too in the very shape h« had sought to avoid. What could he do now but . comply with, her prayer and remain away from her? Any attempt to remedy the evil by a different course might only increase her embarrassment. On the other hand, to leave her in the meshes of that most unscrupulous and designing vilain, Kenrick, whose devil ish purposes none other than himself suspected, was a thought full of deepest and post painful concern to hi™ Important business demanded his presence for a little while longer in the interest of his widowed mother, would not be content that anyone else than himself should attend to the matter in question. Meanwhile he might be able to decide on some plan of action that would enable him to keep a watch over Katharine's life without 'mrting any reflection upon her. With those and similar disturbing thoughts the doctor went forth from the warmth and brightness of the beautiful home and loving household circle to smoke his cigar and revolve his ideas in the starlight of a clear, cold night, where every gleam from the dia monds in the sky shimmered on the white expanse of newly-fallen snow that covered street and housetop. His walk led by the Tfalian Opera ; the temptation to quiet his perplexed thoughts of Katherine in tfae delicious waves of sweet sound that came to him so alluringly was to great to be resisted, and the doctor entered the house just when Patti was in the midst of one of her most angelic flights of song. A passionate lover of artistic music. the doctor was soon lost to all othe,. surroundings than the heavenly wab lingB of that wonderful voice that seem' ed to have borrowed its magic from the divine choirs. It was near the close of tile first act in £heopera, and, when the curtain pre sently fell, the doctor felt a hand upon his shoulder, and turned to find one of his old acquaintances, who said — ' Delighted to see you here, Lester — didn't dream of such a pleasure ; thought you'd buried yourself alive down in Devonshire. But come with me — there's an old friend of yours in the house, and she has sent me to fetch you.' 'She! Ah, that sounds interesting! Who is she?' ' I am forbid to mention names.' ' Decidedly interesting ! Smacks of Paris or Seville.' By the time the two gentleman were approhching the door of an elegant loge overlooking the stage on the upper gallery. His conductor opened the door, and ushered tile doctor into the presence of a very beautiful woman, almost en veloped in black Spanish bice, with the diamonds of her parure gleaming the interstices, and the ivory polish of her bare 'tj mJ shoulders foUng purer hues from their black drapery. Large, languid eyes like Cleopatra's were raised to meet the visitor; through the scarlet lines of «'»»Hwig lips the glitter of even rows of sharp-pointed teeth — queer teeth for a woman — show- ed like ' Orient pearL' Under the suberb aplomb of the doctor's manner to be the faintest sign of annoyed surprise as he said, bending over the large but beautiful white hand she held to him — ' You here, madam!' ' Even I. Wherefore not, earo mio t' murmured the lady in the rich, melodi ous accents of Tuscany, her native hind, as looking round she saw that she was alone with the doctor. 'My surprise arose entirely from tfae fact that you could be here, and I not feel it by magnetic intuition,' said the doctor, with a smile so hard and bright, and full of polite satire, that the lady bit her Up and flushed to the edge of her black velvet bodice that left her lovely shoulders cleanly out out and statues que as Juno's. 'You would not be so cruel if you knew all,' replied the lady, softly, and making her great black eyes say un speakable things. 'Cruel! Why, madam, even you could never make ma that.' ' Have some pity on me !' ebe said, with a quiver of real pain on her lip. ' I have been, and am, most — most un happy.' ' Do you believe in the Nemesis, the dark, implacable divinity that metes out to us what we have measured to others?' asked the doctor, looking very straight into the lady's eyes with that clear, cold gleam in his own that could mate his face *»« hard and stern as his bright smile made it soft and worm when he chose. ' I cannot answer you here ! I can not speak of the past in this place; bnt, oh ! I must speak of it somewhere ! Do not look at me like that. I am alone in the world now — no bitterly alone ! I have crossed the sea to find you, though I never dreamed it would be thus, or here in this city. I shall go away again if you bid be go after you have heard me ; but you will not — eannot send me away from you unheard !' There was a pitiful prayer in her strange dark ore — a wQd pleaning in her low, sweet voice that aU the «fa«™ of the grand orchestral music could not drown; and, hearing it, Philip Lester's thought's sped back some years into the past — a mist of passionate remembrance clouded his vision to aU save the gorge ous woman before him, and whan she laid her hand gently on his arm, and said in Italian, ' Take ma home ; I am weary of this,' he rose like a dreamer who walks in his sleep, and followed by the divine notes of one of Mozart's masterpieces, Philip Laeter went away, with the foreign lady draped in Spanish laces leaning on his arm. 