LVCINDALK. (From nor own Correspimdent.) January 26. During the early part of the week the weather down here was fearfully hot; and as though the-rays of the sun were-not sufficient to hear, a dstge scrub fire sprang up within a couple of? miles vof .the town' ship' whicb poured forth: volumes of black, smoke -which aim oat .made it unbearable to go outside; but- awelcome-coolchange bag set in now.-Whichds -much appreciated; Mi® McMoWi wbo-hag' baenin cha^e of the ^tewart's BaTlge . school for over: five: ' years,- has- saoiSeeded :-oa ' gain n ig admittance to- chw^Tyainihg: ^College- in: Adelaide to qualify hegaelf forrtbe position of a :^rtifipatecf ^Tioql-iepcheri During,4,the time.-ajje was'.in 'cbarge;-<n£ Stewarts. Range;8cteiql 8i^,iireyed.herseL£ .q- cqp^JeVte^ctjp- ^nq^rways;- dime doubt shsnwdlt a lib prove JwcAbility'St — - .. „ .. ^ ; i the TtainipgoCMlege.- . Whether. inspirod.r>by"5mjt'*erntnder "in last Tuesday's/"HeTaId!'jbtBot, I hotiwf the Lucindale cricketece -bare..: held1'*. meeting since, at whush ,thq Secretary wav instructed to .challenge a. Whole Jiosf-of' teams, Narraqoorte^ /jbeing amongst -the number, so that at least ! may ha ve done a little towards arousing them* frdm" their lethargy. On next Wednesday thn Seedy Creek cricketers are again going to try conclusions with our cricketers. on the local oyal. I hear they are going to; bring: a strong, team this time, and K-ts';o-be hoped they will' prpvo more.successful than the last time thny viwted 'LubinUale. A race meeting was held at Humphrey's, Hotel on Saturday night when there was a fair muster-present. It was decided to hold races early in March. A subscription list was opened up in the room when a fair amount was promised,. The mbeting ad journed, till February-9. I notice your Councillors came off victorious in their cricket match with the Penolhs on Wednesday last; but bow long they are going to retain the championship I cannot say. At all events it would appear as though-liuciadale councillors are going to make a bold bid1 for that honor, for, I believe, at their next meeting, they are going to send forth their chal* lenge to the victors of last Wednesday's match, the proceeds to go, of course, to the Narracoorte Hospital. If the Lucindale Council1, are allowed to bring their District Constables to play with - them ' then your Council hasn't the ghost of a show, as 'oUr crack cricketers are all District Constables, and therefore could, I think, come 'ilhder the heading of officers'of the Council. At any rate, I hope a match Will be Arranged - so that the Hospital'inay reap snide bene fit from those friendly contests^ on the -cricket field. 