KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XX —(Continued.) The evening gray deepened into dark. Ten came—the stars were out, but there was no moon. Captain O'Donnell sat at his open window and smoked. To him this last act was but an act of simple duty to save his friend—the one last proof needed in the strange discovery he had made. No harm should be done—the coffin would be opened, and replaced precisely as he had found it, the grave reclosed. And then Miss Herncastle should hear all— should confess to the man he had made love her the whole truth, or he would. At half-past ten the inn was already dark and closed up for the night ; there were but few guests, and these few kept primitive hours. At eleven not a light was to be been. Still O'Donnell sat at his window, looking out at the dim starlight, smokiug and waiting. Half-past eleven, and punctual to the moment, he saw Lanty stride across the inn-yard and disappear in tbe shadow of the larches. The time had come. He had removed his own boots, and with them in his hand, made his way out of the room, down the stairs, and through the door Lanty has noiselessly unbolted. Not a creature was to be seen--the whole town seemed to be still and dark. He seated himself on a bench and drew on his boots, then he made his way at once to the place of tryst. Lanty was at his post—upright as a ramrod, silent as a tomb, and giving his companion a wide berth. Mr. Joggins, with a sack over his shoulders containing spade and pick, and instruments for opening the coffin, spoke as he drew near : ''Hence we are, noble captain—up to time, and not a minute to be lost. Lead the way, and we toilers and gets to business at once.'' Keeping all in the shade of hedges and wayside trees, with an uncomfortable feeling in spite of his consciousness of duty, that this night's work was an underhand and dastardly thing, the chasseur led the way. One belated pedestrian—one doctor's gig they met, no more, and the trees screened them even from them. They walked so rapidly that they were in the church=yard before the Castleford steeples tolled twelve. As the first sonorous boom of the midnight hour tolled out, Lanty Lafferty crossed himself devoutly, and looked fearfully at the white tombstones gleaming in the ghostly light. Redmond O'Donnell strode steadfastly along be- tween the rows of graves, the lonely paths, until, under its solitary tree, he paused at Katherine Dan- gerfield's. His lips were set, his eyes stern—for good or ill he would know the truth soon. " This the grave,'' he said, curtly. " Go to work ; I'll keep watch." The resurrectionist opened his bag, produced his shovels, gave one into the reluctant hands of Lanty, and set to work with professional rapidity and dex- terity. The two men worked with a will until the perspiration stood in great drops on their faces. O'Donnell had brought a brandy flask, and gave them copious libations, until even Lanty's drooping spirits arose. No sound but the subdued noise of the shovelling clay—nothing living or dead to be seen. O'Donnell worked with them—there was no need of watching—and at last, far below in the faint light of the stare, the coffin lay revealed. The men rested on their spades, wiped their faces, and drew a long breath. Then the resurrect- tionist and Lanty raised the coffin between them— the damp clay clinging to it making it weighty— and placed it at Redmond O'Donnell's feet. At last ! He drew one long, hard, tense breath— his eyes gleamed. '' Open it,''' he said, in a composed sort of voice, and Mr. Joggins produced his screw-driver, and set to work once more. The screws, one by one, were removed — the last lay in the palm of Joggins' hand — nothing remained but to lift the lid and see either the mouldering remains of Katherine Dangerfield, or ? He made a sign, Joggins raised it, all three bent forward to look. There was a simultaneous ex- clamation from all as they bent again to reassure themselves. The late rising moon, which had been struggling through the mists of coming morning, shone suddenly for a moment full upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what Redmond O'Donnell had expected to see— AN EMPTY COFFIN. CHAPTER XXI. ''THE LENGTH OF HIS TETHER.'' ''That fateful July night, destined to be marked forever in the calendars of Lady Dangerfield and Captain Redmoud O'Donnell, was fated likewise to be marked with a red cross in that of Sir Arthur Tregenna. ''Sir Arthur Tregenna has run the length of his tether'' Lord Ruysland had calmly said to himself while pacing the Castleford station ; ''it is high time to pull him short up.'' For Lord Ruysland to decree was to act. This very night Sir Arthur should receive his ''short pull up.'' He waited placidly where he was; he saw Major Frank and return, still gloomy and in the sulks, saw him depart an hour later by the Parliamentary train, not until then did he summon the fly, and give the order to Scarswood Park. There was no at Morecambe : they were to return to dinner, not sooner. He was going to play his last great stake tonight. If he failed, his whole future might be told in one brief, forcible word — ruin; but not one pulse beat quicker, not one sign of agitation or eagerness marred the serenity of his handsome patrician face. As coolly, as deliberately as he had pronounced sentence of doom upon young O'Donnell six years ago, he was going to bring Sir Arthur to his bearings to- night. The archery party returned ; separated for a brief space, and met again at dinner. My lady was seized with that distressing headache, and disap- peared immediately after, Miss Herncastle in her wake. Sir Peter in a few minutes followed suit. Miss O'Donnell, looking pale and fagged, made her excuses and sought her room. Lady Cecil insisted upon accompanying her. Squire Talbot cut short his visit and moodily departed. Lord Ruysland and Sir Arthur were left alone before it was quite half-past nine. Fate seemed inclined to take sides -with the peer. Two minutes after Talbot's depar- ture he opened the duel, and fired the first shot. ''What is this about a letter from Cornwall and your departure tomorrow, Sir Arthur? I heard you telling Lady Dangerfield at dinner, but did not quite catch your drift. Business, I suppose ?'' ''Yes, business — business too long deferred. Pennwalder wrote me a week ago, urging me to return. There's a fever among my people ; there have been mining accidents and much distress. It is greatly to my discredit that I have neglected my duty so long.'' ''Humph!'' then you positively leave us to morrow ?'' ''I positively leave tomorrow. I wish I had gone last week.'' He said it moodily, drumming with his fingers on the table, and not looking at his companion. ''So do I,' Lord Ruysland spoke, gravely, and with unwonted energy ; "so do I with all my souI. For the last week Scarswood has been no place for you.'' ''My lord?'' ''It is high time for me to speak — a false delicacy has restrained me too long. I would indeed prove unworthy the dying trust of my dearest, my truest, my best friend, your dead father, if I held my peace longer. Tonight I will speak, be the conse- quences what they may — tonight I will do my duty, however distasteful that duty may be. Long before your return to this house, if return you are mad enough to do, I and Lady Cecil will have gone, and it is neither my wish nor my intention that we three shall ever meet again. My daughter's health demands change— she is falling into low spirits — I will take her to Scotland, to the Countess of Strathearn's for the winter. I merely mention this that you may make your farewells to her final when you part to-morrow.'' A flush rose up over the blonde face of the Cornishman— a deep, permanent flush ; his lips compressed, his eyes did not leave the table. Guilt, shame, contrition were in his countenance, and guilty held him silent. Let Lord Ruysland say what he might, he could not say one word more than he deserved. ''I see I do not take you by surprise,'' his lord- ship coldly went on; ''I see you are prepared for what I would say. How bitterly I have been dis- appointed in you— of all I had expected from your father's son— of— I may say it now on the eve of parting forever— of the plans I had formed— of the hopes I had cherished— it would be idle to speak tonight, Hopes and plans are all at an end— your father's dying wish binds me no longer, since you have been the first to disregard it. But still, for your father's sake, I will speak. On his death-bed he asked me to stand in his place toward you. Hitherto I have striven to do so— hitherto I have held you as my own son— all that, too, is changed. You have deliberatively chosen to become infatuated with a woman of whom you know noth- ing — except that she is your inferior in station — deliberately chosen to throw us all over, and fall in love with a designing adventuress.'' That deep, angry red still burned on the baronet's face, his lips were still resolutely com- pressed, his eyes still fixed upon the table. At the last words, however, he suddenly looked up. ''Designing adventuress !'' he repeated, slowly. ''You use strong words, Lord Ruysland. Of course you do not make such a statement as that upon mere suspicion.'' '' I do not. I condemn no one upon mere suspicion. That I suspect Miss Herncastle of some deep, mis- chievous, latent object in coming here, is true ; that I suspect her of maliciously working upon that poor little superstitious fool, Sir Peter, and his fears, and of playing ghost for his benefit, is also true. But let that go — it has nothing to do with you, and for your sake simply I speak. You have haunted Miss Herncastle like her very shadow from the moment you met her first--for her you have pointedly, almost rudley, I have said, neglected and overlooked all others. There was but one way for this to end with a man of your high sense of honour — in marriage. Before the disastrous con- summation is reached, I lay a few plain facts before you. Afterwards you will do as you please.'' He took from his pocket-book a little packet of papers, and spread two of them out upon the table. ''Be kind enough to glance over these, Sir Arthur. They are the testimonials of character, and the references given by Miss Herncastle in London to Lady Dangerfield.'' Still dead silent, the young Cornishman took them. The testimonials were carefully worded, the references were to a Mrs. Lawton, of Wilton Cres- cent, and a Jonas Woodwidge, Esquire, of St. John's Wood. He read and pushed them back. '''Well,''' he said, in a compressed voice. 'Read this also.' The Earl pushed another lettetr across to him. ''I wrote that, as you see, to my solicitor, asking him to call upon Mrs. Lawton. You have read it. Now read his answer.'' He pushed a third letter across. For the third time the baronet read : ''Lincoln's Inn, London, July 29th. "My Lord, — In compliance with your demand, I called at Wilton Crescent, at the number given. No Mrs. Lawton lived there, or had ever lived there. I next called at St. John's Wood; a Mrs. Jonas Woodwidge had resided there about a year ago, but has emigrated, with the whole family, to Australia. This is all the information I have been able to obtain. — I am, my lord, etc.'' (To be continued.) 