Sato m& #betdu& A WOMAff OP THE GOMMUM. ByG. A. HENTY. Author of ' A Hidden Foe,' ' In the Days of the Mutiny,' 'The Plague Ship,' 'The Corse of Carne's Hold,' ' Dorothy's Doable.' &c; (all bights reserved.) Chapter XYL While in the ambulance, Mary Brander resolutely pat her conversation with Cathbert ?side, bat as soon as she started for her walk borne, it became uppermost in her thoughts. It was certainly a carious affair. From time to time friends at borne with whom ehe corres nonded. sent her local newanaDers, and this bad especially been the case dariog the first few mouths of her stay in Germany, as they naturally supposed she would be greatly interested in the calamity of the bank failure. She had, at the time it was issued, read the full report of the committee of investigation upon its affairs, and although she had passed lightly over the accounts, she had noticed that the proceeds of t*e sale of the Fairclose estate were pat down as subject to a deduction of fifteen thousand pounds for a previous mort gage to Jeremiah Brander, Esq. The matter \\\mn made no impression upon her mind at this time, but it now came back to her remem brance. Of course it was perfectly natural that if Mr- Harrington wished to borrow money it wu to her father, as his solicitor and friend, that he would have gone. There could be nothing unusual in that, but what Cuthbert bad told her about Mr. Harrington buying the shares bat two months before his death was certainly singular- Sorely her f**hpr could have prevented his taking so disastrous a step. Few men are regarded by members of their family in exactly the same light as they are regarded by the public, and Jeremiah Brander was certainly no exception. While the suavest of men in the eyes of his fellow townsmen, his family were well aware that he possessed a temper. When the girls were young bis conversation was alwayB guarded in their hearing, but as they grew up he no longer felt the same necessity for prudence of speech, &nd; frequently indulged in the criticisms of the colleagues, for whom he professed the most unbounded respect and admiration in public Mary had often felt something like remorse at the thought that the first time she read Martin Chuzzlewit, many touches in the de lineation of Mr. Pecksniff's character, had reminded her of her father. She believed him to be a just and upright man, but she could not help admitting to herself that he was not by a long way the man the public believed him to be. It was a subject on which she rarely permitted herself to think. They had never got on very well together, and ehe acknowledged to herself that this was as much her fanlt as his. It wu not so much the fact ithat she had a strong will and was bent on going her own way, regardless of the opinion of others, that had been the cause of the gulf which bad grown up between them, as the ?dissimilarity of their character. The ab solute difference between the view which, she held of things in general, to that which the rest of her family entertained regarding them, *od the out- spoken frankness with which she was in the habit of expressing her con tempt for things they praised highly. Thinking over this nmt-tw of Mr. Sartiuc ton'e purchase of the bank shares, she found herself wondering what mo*ive her father could have had in permitting him to bay them, for knowing how the Squire relied npon his opinion in all business matters, Bbe could Dot doubt that the latter could have prevented this disastrous transaction. That he most have had some motive she felt sure, for her experience of him was amply sufficient for her to be well aware that he never acted without a motive of some sort. So far as she could see, no motive was apparent, but this in no way altered her opinion. ' Cuthbert thinks it is a carious sffkir, and no wonder,' she said to herself 'I don't suppose he has a suspicion that anything has been wrong, and I don't suppose there has ; but there may have been what they call sharp practice. I don't think Cnthbert likes my father, but be is the very last man to suspect anyone. It was horrid, before! being at Fair close — it will be ten times as bad now. The whole thing is disgusting. It is wicked ot me to think that my father could possibly do anything that wasn't quite hono amble and right— especially when there io not the slightest reason for eoepecting him. It is only, I suppose, because I know he isn't exactly what other people think him to be, that makes me uneasy about it. I know well enough that I should never have gone away from home as I did, if it bad not been that I hated so to hear him running down people with whom he seemed to be so friendly, and making fun of all the things in which he seemld so interested. It used to make me qaiie hate ^ ^-u* '' JQSt ' ***** wh« l ^ I abould like to go to Girton, to get rid of me .as £ was to go. 'It is all very well to say, honour yonr father and mother, but if you can't honour them what are you to do ? I have no doubt I am worrying myself over nothing now, bat I can't help it. It ie dreadful to feel like that towards one's father, bat I feel qnite a chill rim through me when Cuthbert said be should go and see that man Camming and try to get to the bottom of things. One thing is certain I will never live at Fairclose— never. If he leaves it between us, Julia and Clara may live there if they like, and let me have so ranch a year and go my own way. Bat I will never put foot in it after father and mother are gone It is all rery miserable, an* I do think I am getting to be a most hateful girL Here am I suspecting my own father of having done something wrong, although of what I have not the least idea, and that without a shadow I of reason, then I sin almost hating a woman because a man I refused loves her. I have become discouraged and have thrown up all the plans I had laid down for myself, becanse it does not seem as easy as I thoagbt it would be. No that is not quite true. It is ranch more because Cuthbert has laughed me oat of them. Anyhow I should be a nice woman to teach other women what they should do, when I am as weak as the weakest of them. I don't think there ever was a more objection able sort of girl in the world than I have be By the time that she had arrived at this conclusion, she had nearly reached home. A sadden feeling that she could not in her present mood submit to be petted and fussed over by Madame Micbaud struck her, and turning abruptly she walked with brisk steps to the Arc de Triumph and then down the Champs Ely Bee and along the Rue Rivoli, and then round tbe Boulevards, returning borne fagged oat, but the better for her exertion. One thing she determined daring her walk, she would give up her work with the ambul 14 There are plenty of nurses,' she said, ence. I am miserably weik, but at any rate I have sense enough to know that it will be better for me not to be going there every day, now that he is oat of danger, fie belongs to someone else, and I would rather die than that he should ever dream what a fool I am ; and now I know it myself it will be harder and harder as he gets better to be talking to him indifferently.' Accordingly the next morning, when she went down, Bhe told Dr. Swinburne that she felt that she most, at any rate for a time, give cp nnrsing. ' You are quite right, Mies Brander,' he said, kindly, 'you have taxed you strength too mach already, and are looking a mere shadow of what you were two months ago. You are quite right to take a rest. I have plenty of assistance and there is not likely to be each a strain again as that we have lately gone through. Paris cannot hold out many weeks longer, and after the two failures I feel sure that there will be no more attempts at a sortie, especially as all hopes that an army may come to our relief are now at an end.' She found it more difficult to tell Cuthbert, but it was not necessary for her to begin the subject for he noticed at once that she had not the usual nursing dress od. ' Yon are going to take a holiday to-day, I suppose?' he said, as she came up to his bedside. F *' I am going to take a holiday for some little time,' she said, quietly. ' They can do very well without me now. Almost all the patients in this ward are convalescent and I really feel that I need a rest.' ' I am sure you do,' he said earnestly, 4f it has been ao ewful time for you to go through, and you have behaved like a heroine. A good many of us owe our lives to yon, but the work has told on yon sadly. I don't suppose yon know yourself how much. We shall all miss you at this end of the ward— miss you greatly, feel as I do, glad to know that you are taking a rest after all your work. Of coarse you will look in sometimes to see how your patients are progressing. As for myself I hope I shall be able to come up to see you at the Midland's in another ten days or so. Now that the doctor has taken to feeding me up IjCan feel that I am gaining etrength every 'You must not hurry, Cuthbert,' she said, gravely. ' You raus-t keep quiet and patient.' ' You are not in your nnrsing dress now. Miss Brander, and I decline altogether to be lectured by you. I have been very good and obedient up to notv, bat I only bow to law fully constituted authority, and now I come under the head of convalescent I intend to emancipate myself. ' ' I shall not come down here to see you unless I hear good accounts of your conduct,' she said, with an attempt to speak playfully. ' Well, good-bye, Cathbert. I hopeyou will not try to do too mach.' 'Good-bye, dear, thanks for all yoar good ness to me,' he said, earnestly, as lie held her hand for a moment in his. 'He had no right to call me dear,' Mary thoagbt, almost indignantly, as she left the hospital, 'and he does not guess I know why he is longing to be out again. I almost wonder he has never epoken to me abont her He would know very well that I Bhoald be I think he might have told me. I suppose he will bring her np some day and iutrodace her as his wife. Anyhow I am glad I know about it, and shall l-e able to take it as a matter of Mary did not pay another visit to the am bulance. Now ihat she bad given up her work she felt the re-action, and although she refused to take to her bed ehe parsed her time sitting listless and weak in an easy chair pay ing but Blight attention to Madame Midland's talk, and often passing the greater part of the Madame Midland felt so -.ineasy about her that Bhe weot down to the ambulance and brought up Dr. Swinburne, who scolded Mary for not having sent for him before. He pre scribed tonics, sent her up a dozen of wine from the hospital, ordered her to wrap herself op and Bit at an open window for a time each day and to make an effort to take a turn round the garden as soon as she felt strong enough to do so. On his return to the ambulance the sur-eon said carelessly to Cuthherr, who had 'now gained sufficient strength to be of considerable use as an assistant in the ward — I have been tip to see your late nurse Miss Brander. There is nothing serious the matter with her, bat, as I thought likelv would be the case, ehe has collapsed now that her work is over, and will need a good deal of care and a*tention to build her un again. You will be out in a few days now and I am sure it will do her good if you will go np and have a chat with her and cheer her I up a bit. She is not in bed. My visit did her good ; bnt she wants rousing, and remember if yon can get her to laugh, and joke her about her laziness, it will do more good than by expressing yoor pity for her.' ?' I think I om well enough to be discharged now, doctor,' Cnthbert said, eagerly. ' Yes, bnt you will have to be very careful for some time. Yon will want generous food and I don't see how you are to get it outside.' ?' I suppose the restaurants are still open ?' ' The common ones are closed, but you can still get a dinner at some of tbe best places, although you will have to pay very heavily for it.' ' I don't mind that, doctor ; and besides I am very anxious to be at work again. It will be no more tiring standing at an easel than it is doing what I can to help here.' ' That is true enough, providing that you du not da too much of it* Up to a certain extent it will be a good thing for you, but mind I distinctly forbid yon to attempt any such folly as to try to walk from the Quartier Latin up to Passy. Let me see,' he added, thoughtfully. ' Yes. I think it can be managed. I will send you borne by the ambulance that will be here to*morrow morn ing at eight o'clock. You are to keep yourself quiet all day, and I will get Madame de MUlefleurs to send her carriage ronnd for yon at eleven o'clock next day, to take you round by Pussy. She has told me many times that it is always at the disposal of any of my patients to whom it would be useful. £ will see her some time to-morrow and arrange about it.' ' Thank you, indeed, doctor. I need not say how grateful I am to you for all the kind ness I have received here.' ' We have done the best we could for yon,' the doctor said, ' and E am sure there is not one of those who hive provided funds for this ambulance but feels well awarded by the knowledge that it has been the means of saving many lives. I think we may say that we have not lost one whom it was humanly possible to save, while in the French hospitals they have lost hundreds from over-crowding, want of ventilation, and proper sanitary arrangements. The mortality there has been fearful and the percentage of deaths after amputations positively disgraceful.' Rene1 came late that afternoon to pay a visit to Cuthbert, and was delighted to find that he was to be out next morning. ** I have kept your rooms in order,' he said, 'and will have a big tire lighted in them before you arrive. They will e^ve you break fast before yoa leave, I hope.' 'They will do that, Rent, but I shall manage very veil if there is still anything left of that store of mine in the big cupboard.' 'You may be sure that there is,' Bene replied. 'I am always most particular in locking np the doors when I come away and I have not used the key yon gave me of the cupboard. I was positively afraid to. I am virtuous I hope, bur there are limits to one's power to resist temptation. I know yon told me to take anything I liked but if I had once begun I could never have stopped.' 'Then we will have a feast to-morrow, Rene. Ask all the others in to snpper, but you must act as cook. Tell them not to come to sec me till eight o'clock. If they kept dropping in all day it wonld be too much for me. I wish Dampierre could be with us, but he has not got on so fast as I have. His wounds were never so serious, but the doctor said the bones were badly smashed and would take longer to heal. He said he is not a good patient either, but worries and fidgets. I don't think those visits of llinette were good for him, the doctor had to put a stop to them He would talk and excite himself so. How ever, I hear that he is likely to be oat in another fortnight.' ' By Ihat lime it vi 1 be all over,' Reni said, ' negotiations arc going on now- and they say that in three or four days we shall surrender.' 'The best thing to do, Reni Ever since that last sortie failed all hope has been at an end and there has been uo point in going on suffering, for I suppose by this time tbe suffer ing has been very severe.' ' Not so very severe, Cuthbert. Of course. we have been out of meat for a long tune, culling meat, hnt the flour held ouTwelUnd so did the wine and most other things. A few hundred have been killed by the Prussian shells, bnt with that exception the mortality has not been very greatly above the average, except that smallpox has been raging and has carried off a large number. Among young children, too, the mortality has been heavy owing to the want of milk and things of that sort, I should doubt if there has been a single death but from absolute starvation.' To M. (rondos stndents (hat sapper at Cutbbert Hartington's was a memorable event. The master himself was tdere. Two large liams, ami dishes prepared from preserved meats were on the table, together with an abundance of good wine. It was the Srst re-nnion they had had since the one before the sortie, and it was only tbe gaps imong their number, and the fact that tbeir bost and several of their comrades were still weak, and greatly changed in appearance, that restrained their spirits from breaking into hilarity. ' The next morning Madame de Millefleurs, :arrwge came to the door and Cuthbert was Iriveu to the Michauds. For a moment Margot failed to recognise Cuthbert as she pcued the door. As she did so she ex claimed — ' Mon Dieu .Monsieur Hartington, you look like a ghost !' 'I an. very far from being a ghost, Margot, though there is not much flesh on my bones How is Mademoiselle Brander? I hear she has not been well.' ' She is as pale as yon are, monsieur, but ot so thin. She does nothiotr but sits riuiet all day with her eyes wide open -she who'™ always so bright and active and had a smile for every one. I go out and cry often after going into her room. She has just gone ioto die parlour. Yoa will find her alone there,' she added, for Margot had always had her ideas as to tbe cause of Cuthbert's visits. Mary was sitting at the open window and did not look round as Cathbert entered. 44 Well, Mary, is it actually you, doing nothing !' he said, cheerily. She turned ronnd with a start, a flash of colour Gwept across her face. ** How yon startled me,' she said. ' I am glad indeed to see you. I did not think you would be out so soon. Surely it is very foolish of yon coining bo far.' ' Still thinking you are a nurse, Mary,' he laughed. 'I can assure you I am very prudent, and I have been brought up here in a carriage— a carriage with live horses. Dr. Swinburne told me yon had not got over the effects of your bard work, and that he had to order you to take tonics, so you Bee instead of being a nurse you are a patient at present, while I am a free man. I came out of the hospital yesterday morning, and we had a grand supper last sight out of my hoards, which I found just as I had left them, which sayB wonders for the honesty of the Parisians in general, and for the self -denial of tny friend Rene Catllard in particular. ' ' Why, I should have thought ? ' and she stopped, abruptlv. 'What weald yoa have thought, Miss Brander V 'X)h. nothine.' '* No, no, I cannot be pat off in that way. Yoa were going to say that yon thought I should have distributed my stores long ago, or that 1 ought to have sent for them for the use of the hospital I really ought to have done so. It would have been only fair, bat in fact the idea never occurred to me. B jj6 had the keys of my rooms and I told him to use the stores as he liked, meaning for himself and for our comrades of the studio.' ' I should have thought,' she began again, and then, as before, hesitated, and then asked, abruptly, 'Have you not some thing to tell me, Cnthbert — something that an old friend would tell to another. I have been expecting you to tell me all the time yoa were in the hospital, and have felt hurt you did not.' Cathbert look at her in surprise. There was a slight flush on her cheek and it was evident that she was deeply in earnest. ' Tell yon something, Mary,' he repeated. 'I really don't know what you mean— no, honestly, I have not a notion.' ' I don't wish to pry into yoursecreta/'ahe said, coldly. *' I learned them acddently, bat as you don't wish to take me into your confidence we will say do more about it.' 44 But we must say more about it, he re* plied. ' I repeat I have no idea of what yoa are talking abont. I have no secret whatever on my mind. By yonr manner it most he something serious, and I think I have a right to know what it is.' She was silent for a moment and then said — *4 If yon wish it I can have no possible objection to tell yoa. I will finish the ques tion I began twice. I should have thought that you would have wished that your stores should be sent to tbe lady you ore engaged to.' Cnthbert looked at her in silent surprise. ' My dear Mary,' he said, gravely, at last, 'either you are dreaming or I am. I under stood that yoar reply to my question, the year before last, was as definite and as ab solute a refusal as a man could receive. Certainly £ have not from that moment had any reason to entertain a moment's doubt that you yourself intended it as a rejection.' ** What are yoa talking abont?' she asked, rising to her feet with an energy of which a few minutes before she would have deemed herself altogether incapable. 'Are yoa pretending that I am alluding to myBelf, are you insulting me by suggesting that I meaii that I am engaged to you ?' 'All I say is, Mary, that if you do not mean that, 1 have not tbe most remote idea iu the world what you do mean,' ' Yon; say that becanse you think it is impossible I shoold know,' Mary retorted, indignantly, ' but you are mistaken. I have had it from her own lips.' ' That she was engaged to me ?'' 'Sbe came to the hospital to see you the night yoa were brought in, and she claimed admittance on the ground that sbe was affianced to you. ' Cuthbert a surprise changed to alarm as it flashed across him that the heavy work and strain had been too much for the girl, and that her brain had given way. ' I think that there must be some mistake, Mary,' he said, soothingly. 'There is no mistake,' Bhe went on, atill more indignantly, 'sbe came witb yonrfrieml, Beiic*, and I knew her before she spoke, for I had seen her face in a score of places in yoar sketch book and yoa told me she was a. model Hartington, whom you are going to marry. I can understand, perhaps, yoar wish that the matter should retnaiu for a time secret, bat I did not think when I told you that I knew it, you would have kept up the affectation of ignorance. I have always regarded yon as being truthful and honourable beyond all tilings, and I am bitterly disappointed. I waB hurt that you should not have given your confidence to me, but I did think when I told you that I knew your secret you would have manfully owned it, and not descended to a pretence of ignorance.' For a moment Cuthbert's face bad expressed bewilderment, but as she went on speaking, a smile stole across his face. Mary noticed it and her voice aud manner changed. ?* I think, Mr. Hart ngton,' she said, with great dignity, 'yon mart see that it will be pleasanter tor us both that this interview He rose from his seat, took his hat off the table, and Baid, quietly ? ' I have but one observation to make before I go. You have discovered, Miss Brander, that yon made one mistake in your life. Has it never struck yob. that 'you might, also have made a mistake 'Huh time ?I think that oar very long ncqnainfanoe might have induced you to hesitate a little before yon assumed it as a certainty that your old acquaintance was acting in this way, wid that for the sake of old times you micht have riven him the benefit of the doubt.' The strength that Mary's indignation had given her, deserted her suddenly. Her fiogen tightened on the back of the chair by her side for support. ' How could there be any mistake,' ebe asked, weakly, her vigorous attack now tamed into a defence, more by his manner than his words, ' when X heard her eay bo *' 'Sit down, child,' he said, in his old authoritive manner. 'Yon are not tit to stand.' She felt it would be a Btep towards defeat if she did so, bnt be brought up the chair in which she had before been sitting and placed it behind her, and quietly assisted her into it. ' Now,' he went* on ' you say vau. heard it from her lips. What did she eay V* *' She said she insisted on going in to see yon, and that as your affianced wife sbe bad a right to do so.' 'She said that, did she? That she was the affiitnnM wife of Cathbert Hartingron V Mary thought for a moment. ' No, she did not use those words, at least, not that I can remember; but it was not necessary, I knew who she was. I have seen the sketches in your book, and there were several of them on the walls of yonr room. Of course I knew who she waa speaking of, though ehe did not, so far as I can remember, use yon name.' 'Did it never occur to you, Miss Brander, that it was a natural thing one should have many sketches of the girl who always stood as a model in the studio, and that every student there would have bis sketch book full of them ? Did you not know that there were three or four other wounded men of the same corps as myself in the hospital, that one at least was a fellow-student of mine, and also a foreigner, and that thin young woman was jnst as Ukely to be asking to see him as to see me?' An awful feeling of doubt and shame came with overpowering force over Mary Brander. 'No,' she said, desperately, 'I never thought of snch a thing. Naturally I thought it was you, and there was no reason why it shouldn't be. Ton were perfectly free to please yourself, only I felt hnrt that when you got better you did not tell me. ' Her voice was so weak that Cnthberr poured some water into a glass and held it *o her lips. ' Now, child,' he went on in a lighter voice, 'lam not going to scold you — yon are too weak to be scolded. Some day I may scold you as yon deserve. Not only is Minette — I told yon her name before— nothing to me, bnt I dislike her as a passionate, dangerous young woman ; capable perhaps, of good, but certainly capable of evil. How ever, I regret to say that Arnold Dampierre, the man who was in the next bed to me, you know, does not see her in the same light and I am very much afraid he will be fool enough to marry her. Actually sbe did a few days later obtain permission to see him, and has, I believe, seen him several times since ; bat as he was moved out of your ward whilst I was battling with the fever, I hare not seen her. Now don't cry, child, you have been a goose but there is no harm done, and you ought to be glad to know that your oM friend is not going to make a fool of himself ; and he can still oe regarded by yon as truthful and hon ourable. Do you think I would have taken you round to my rooms if I had been going to make her their mistress ?** 'Don't, don't!' the girl cried. 'Don't say anything more, Cuthbert. I cwnot bear ' I am not going to say any more. Madame de MUleflemV horses must by this time be half-frozen and her coachman be out of all patience, and 1 must be going. I shall come again as soon as I can, and I shall be very Angry if I don't find you looking tnuch more like yourself when I next come.' ( To be continued. ) 