The Storyteller. ?''?'? fContinued.)' . -i V : '?: CHAPTER III. ' Years ago ; I was at college,' replied the BaroDet;1 looking at Netta gravoly. - ' They sent for me, tellingme that abewas ill'; but ' itnnever etruok ?? me~. that , : there was ..any danger. I travelled horao gaily enough, and ?when I readied the lodge gates something ? seemed to pass tne in tho' shrubbbury ; n breath touched' my cheek like tho ghost of a kiss, a chill bb of death went through me, a presentiment' that' all was over.',' When I' reached the house, my mother had been dead five minutes.' . ' Ah,' cried Netta, laying her hand upon Sir Alan's, 'how dreadful!'. Then, with a little Boom, in her voice, she added, 'And you lived I r; You couldn't havo loved^her as I love my papa. If anything were to happen to him, I should dio at onoe. What won Id my life ha without him V The girl was quite pale no she Bnid tbiB, anil bcr dark eyeBBwam , with tears \ then, with a suddeu petulant : movoraont,' she wont on, ' Why do you talk * like this. to nip 'I I shall see papa to-morrow —you 'saw him yesterday ; lot na be happy to-day.' ? I think,' began Sir Alan, with a norvous tremor in, his voice, ' that I should toll ycu ? ' ; r 'No, no; tell mo no moru melancholy things. I won't have it — it's bad for yon and for me — yoa mast not ! I am so tired do let mo have a cup of coffee 1 Aimoo too is like a ghost.' : The Baronet obeyed this itnporious prin cess, and conducted hor to a , restaurant, where he sat' by while tho two girls drank the. coffee and ate, the bread and butter provided! for themT ' Under the influonco of these delioaoies Nottft recovered, her gay spirits, and 'entertained . Sir Alan with a lively imitation ot Mndame Horaalt and her, nieoe Mademoiselle Josephine. The girl' was an excellent mimic, and with marvellous facility transformed her charming face into a fao-simile of a sontimorital old maid and; a' stiff, cross schoolmistress. But since their last conversation a deep gloom had settled upon the Baronet. He saw that, he'' bad made1 a mistake, and that tho blow to the poor girl would be all the worse for the delay, , He was anxious now, to rootify his error as' soon as' possible. Telling the girls to put on their hats, he wont out to findjtho carriage; but the driver had gone to refresh vhionsolf- in a cabaret, and was not to be found for some little time. When however all: was ready,- 8ir Alan returned to tho res taurant; but aB;he entered he' was startled by. a pieroirigi, oryi which resoandod through the 'whole houso and brooght a host of attendants to : the. room .where the two girls were.' ?'.;?! ???'??'[: ?' ';? : ? ' Sir Alan, was first ; but on the threshold Netta .confronted1 him 'with- a faoo that was ghastly white and eyes that were wild with an agony of feai. She did not speak, but held towards him Oelignani\s Mersengey,oaettGmh^ ling finger pointing to the paragraph drawn up ? by the Reverend Theophilus O'Grady which ran as,follqwa— -. - - - .' ;????',? ' ? Died1 aV- Spa, Belgium, on July 2nd/ Colonel le Marohont, late 11th Begiment,. Any friends communicating with Sir Alan Harlech, Hotel du Louvre' Paris, tho Rev. Theophilus O'Grady, Resident Chaplain, or Monsieur For(es,: head- of the administration, Spo, will hear;all particulars.' : ( There was a terrible pause. ( For a minuto or two the poor .girl's :eyo8 senrohed Sir Alan's face for a contradiction of. the dreadful paragraph.;, but what.sho saw, thero confirmed tho truth. '-. '?'.-.. : . ? With a heartrending cry ehe swayed towards him, and, before he could oatoh her, in his arms, fell heavily to the ground. % 