The Union of the Churches. TO TUE EDITOII. Slr,-Iu asking you to publish the follow ing comments on the above question— tho Union of the Chuiches— I do so, not In tho spirit of religious controversy, but in that of expostulation, ami defence against misrepre sentation of the teaching of the Homnn Catholic Church. Your columns have lately been made lively nnd Interesting by certain deliverances (as wo may call them) on tho union of all tho sipamled religious com munities into one body and one Church, as the Christian world was undoubtedly before tho sixteenth century. Wo havo had com nients from threo diiforent somcos in your paper-ono from the Buv.O. K. JI. Fioldtng, ono from a writer, 'Nonconformist,' and ono from Pastor Bowe. Upon reading the statements of each writer (which amount* to a confession of faith on their several parts) I cannot but remark that each state ment Is dlvorgent nnd contra ilctory, and Irreconcilable with each other. This, of course, Is a distinctive phase of Protestantism in all its hydra-headed forms ; scarcely two men, evon among tbo educated representative teachers of its forms, holding a similar fnllh or Identical doctrine. There never can ho union In faith or religious teaching nmongBt men whoso charier of existence b»ars within It tho very principles of discord and disunion. I mean, of course, private interpretation of the holy scriptures and free selection of the dlvino truths of tbo Bevolation of God to mankind. I refer to tho acceptance or rejec tion of nny myatery or doctrine according to each individual whim or fancy. The ObrlBtian Religion, that i«, the wholo teach Ing both dogmatlo and moral, of tho God man Jesus Christ, IsarovelatlunfromGod to man, made up o! mysteries— truths abovo tho comprehension of man, or any created bolng-for no ono can comprehend tho Infinito nature of Clod hut God Himself | and, secondly, tho command of God to man to obBervo tho Deealoguo which was given to tho Jews, which is mulnly founded in lt« moral procopts upon the law of Nature, and whloh is binding in its observance on all Christians. True faith Is tho acceptance on tho part of man of all the truths which God has rnvcnled, and of the moral precepts to bo observed. A- non-Roman Catholic w rejoots tho authority of God's Infulllblo Church cnunot make nn not of fnlth | for faith Is a surrandnr of our intollocts to the truths God has revealed, solely upon tho authorities of God Illrmolf and His Clmroli wlilch Christ commands uh to hear nud obey. 11 Ho that will not hcai thu Uhurch, lut him ho as tho heathen and the Publicans,' ' Going, tench all nations ' (not give thorn bibles to judge for thumsulvus) but ' Uaoh all nations all things, whuUoovur I havu commanded you ; and behold I am with you' (moaning, of comae, tho ApoBtlcs and their successors) ' to tha annsummatlon of tho world,' There is no authority even clulmcd to dollno what is of fnl-h or not of faith outsida tho Roman Catholic Church, and —///no Utat Itwlirymir—iha churches, tho Boots, Iho new departures according to the mental vagaries of each individual teacher. The Holy Scriptures are the written word of Ood-the Church-anil tlmt one Church only, established by our Lord as tho guardian of the written word and IU cipoiient. Tha Bev. G, F. M. Fielding asserts that the Boman Church makes now dogmas at will, vlt. , the Immaculate Conception of tho B.V.M., and tho Infallibility of the Pope— nnd by so doing raises nn Insuperable barrier ngainBt union, The Church of Christ never can make a now article ot fnlth, simply because tho object of faith, or the truth to bo assented to, must bo revealed by God Himself; and as Christ has given us all knowledge and all tho revclntlon men shall ever receive till the Day of Judgment, no Church, no General Council, nor all the General CouncllB over held, can alter, ndd or change, ono lota of the revelation made to man in tho old law, and pcrfcrted by ihrUtin thu new law. From the day the Apostle St. Peter, the first Pope and Vicar of Ohrixt, Bald to thoBO who were in dissension regarding the u«o of forbidden meat — 'It Bcemeth good lo tho Holy Ghost and to Us ', etc— till the last General Council of the Church, her action has always been the same. She pronounces infullibly when called upon to ralso her voice, and sayB to all nations, ' This is the Cathollo Faith.' Let us take up our Church histories nnd we find that whenever any of tho doctrlno of tho Church was assailed, or when the duo time or occa sion turned up, the Catholic Church, through her Councils and Pontiffs, always declared the true faith and what was the Inherent belief of tho Christian world. Such was her action in the matter of the Immaculate Conception and Infallibility of the Pope when speaking ex Catlmlm and teaching tbo whole Church. Thirteen hundred years apo the Christian Itcligion was brought to England by a good and holy man named Augustine. Augustlno was sent by a man equally good and holy called Gregory. The religion preached by Augustine was the Roman Catholic religion, justasthn world believes in our own days. Augustino could not preach any othor reli gion becauso there was no other religion known. Tho many different Protestant sects and religions— tho stumbling block and scandal of the present age— hid not been Invented. A million of money could not have, purchased a Wesloyan Minister with his 'meeting house'* nor nn Anglican minister with his I wu sacraments, bls'church' without an altar for tho sacrifice of the macs ; simply because such persons were not in ex istence until one thousand years after the preaching of Christianity in England. England was, at the coming of St. Augus tine, inhabited by a people called SaxonB, who had driven tho older inhabitants (tho Britons) into Wales. Many of the Britons were Christians, and, of course, Roman Catholic's, having revolved the faith from Pope Eleuthcriui, 180 years aftvr Our Lord's ascension. The success of St. Augustine's preaching wus marvellous anil Knglanil was suon con verted to tho ltoman Catholic Faith. For nenrly ono thousand years this faith — and this faith only— was preached anil practised by the forefathers of nil English people now living, Tho Church soon covered the laud with cathedrals, which are still the wonder of mankind. It built Westminster Abbey, 1'orkminster, the cathedrals of Cautorbury and Durham. It foatored learning, the arts and scionces. It founded the Universities of Oxford nnd Cambridge. IU monasteries, teals of learning, and piety, fed ftnil shel tered the poor of the land. Three hundred years ago a man ascended tho throne of Eughind named Henry VIII. HiB charooter is thus summed up by a Protes ant writer ami novelist, Charles Dickens :— ' Tho plain truth Is, that he (Henry Vltl) was the most Intolerable ruffian ; a illsgiace to human nature, and a blot of blood and jreaso upon tho history of England.' Tho Pupe granted Henry VIII when In illcglancc to tho Church, tho title of Defender of Faith (still retained upon all the coins of the realm) for having written a book defcnilluK the Mten Bacraments against Luther; uf Ger many, n fallen priest. Soon after a guilty passion for Anne Boleyn was the cause of suing for a. divorce from his lawful wife, Queen Catherine. The Fopo could not— nor could nil tho Popes or tho Church— change the Dlvlneilaw of marriage, and hence Eng land was separated from tho Faith.' Henry VIII was excommunicated by the Pope and the Church ; the Catholic clergy were com manded under pain of death to flee th ? land. Tbo lands nnd property of tho 0-ithollcs wore handed over to the Klng'sfavorltos. In tho reign of Elisabeth tho whole religious chango was completed :-The altars for tho mass removed in tho churches j tables for com munion put In their stend ; and a now ordor of things set going, which lasts to tho present day. Tho holy and learned Pope, now Bishop o£ Borne, In response to many thousands o£ Anglicans, Invites tho whole Cotholio Church to pray that England may again return to tho Cathollo Faith, and that all Englishmen may pray and worship God in the same manner as all their torofathcrs did for ono thousand years before the Protesrnut Boformation. Fiat, Fiat. Yours, etc., M.O'OALTiAuHAN. Burnlo, May 80. 