. , nvebooti' Asked to print the prize essays in ourreeent oompetiti»n,»ad X willingly 4o +9, hat, P» odurse.khkt meanslittlaorno latter fiwmjmA,", Perhaps/though, it ia only fair and xtgni ■ that these ptizs,ottAy*ihould be published,. not only forthe sake of the winner*, but for the oahsfaotion of^ the defeated cues. if * find that tpaoB dlor> I will be. flu te aM fawwdrdBtothoseI have already-ssidabout thia competition. ^ v -V ->-v Gsria' Division.—CLiSS-t ; lean help my mother by. washing tte dishes and sweeping the room, and if I aea wy things out el their plaoe I can pick them up and jmt tbsm ,in their place. Icanbringdlpperaor waiertoflU the kettis, and loan bring the potatoes.- .Z oanbring the woodi andif I aee:that mj molher.doei inot feel well I willbrlfig In the thlogi that she wants, 1 caaby the table lor breakfast,and pick up the scraps for thofOWls; then -I nan pntthe braakfaat things swsy. Idn*ttheohaii»1.and help aether make the b»de. ~ —< Ink Foster. OsoBo-stroct, Parksldc (SyeanflmonthsJT Alt - . r helping mother. I think the Tor/ boat way h to be obedient, and te do all yon are told. If mother telle yon te do anything ran and do lt as quickly aa yon can, Nevermind what yon are doing,—fl yon are doing something very particular don't say, "Oh, waita minute," and then forgot it. And 1 think 1 forgot it. And 1'think another way of helping mother It to watch when mother f s dolna anything to halp her. If yon aee something #»y toner, "Mother, ahslll do that for you P and help her all yon can. And tiy not to tear your frocka and things; do not get any hole* In your Blockings more than you cm help, and that will be helping : her a lot. It will save her from having to mend them; and try to mend them youraelToe Instead of mother doing It. - ■ If ahe u going out, and wanta to go early, help (he younger enee to dreia, and Mother will be pleased. The right It may be a little thing, if yon do everything aa well' as you can "It la no j fault of yoats that It is little. If yen try to be as good aa yon can, and keej) ^out of miscbto', and J alwaya be obedient; yon will be helping mother as muebnsyou on. ' Marion Lewis, Goodwood Park (9 years 11 months). CUSS III. Onr mother la thet best friend we bare, and no should show onr gratitude by .helping her in every little way. First, are eh .old nev.r make work, nor grnmble at anything she does for us. This Is a vary ugly thing to do. We moat not be ill-tempered because we have to wait onr turn; not he im patient. At the meal table we eh'mid alwaya be attentive to mother. We ought to clear the crockery off the table end wash them up. If mother is not well we should make her some nice toast and hot cocoa When the baby Is or es and troublesome we should take him for a walk or . play with him, ao that he does not make i a noise aod make mother worse. We ehonld stay home from pleasure sometimes and let mo berg" instead. On Saturdays we ehonld do more wurfc than other days, .because we do not go to school. In the morning we ought to Bweep the floor, clean and dnit the rooms, and clean the stiver." If mother's eyesight is not good we ought to reed to ber and write letters for her. On nundaya we should leam onr Bible lessons without being told twice, dtesa the little ones for Church, and take care of them. How nice if would be if we did all these things! I do not know what we would do without mother, because she is so good to us. Francis B. Muni, F.M.. Wutervale (If years 4 rutin.lis). Bora' Division.—Class l I would like to be a missionary. The Brat reason is because Jesuslovos me, and I think it i* my duty. The second reason, that there are so many heathen dying every day without Christ's love baing told to them. I rend in a book that here are 89,000 dying every day In China, and 1,400 dying every hour. The third- reason, I want to please Jesna. It eaye in. the Bible, *VUo ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Fa her, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." I hops to ess some of my" Sunbeam" cousins in China, when 1 igo. lf the Lord sends and spares me to go there, or wherever He sends ms. Willie Inolbton, stepney (8 years 8 months). Class II. It haa-alw&yg; been my wish and ambition to be an agriculturist, as I am very fond of outdoor work. Sinoe I was quite a little boy 1 have bad a small ; garden of my own. 1 have rooted vines and goose berries,- and I have sold a great number of sab kind. This year' I have sown, sixteen varieties of wheat, which were given to me byacon-io, who la a student at the Agricultural ollega The reason why I wish to b < an agriculturist la because I j like to be employed out of doom. All kin"a of weather agree with me. I would like I to have a dairy and -rear pigs and poultry. 1 am \ very fond of bones. I am trying to be very handy with my tools, as that ia very nseful to a farmor when he oan repair his own implements. Another reason why I would like to be a farmer U because it is'a very independent life. Far the most Im portant mason, it does good for the country by using uncultivated land and beautifying the place 1 with my labour. Lennie SobEls, F.M. Watervale (13 years SmonlhB). Class III: My ambition ever since I can remember has been to be a sailor and explorer; but every one that 1 speak to on tbeeubjeot advises me not to go to sea. ■ 1 suppose It Is more than likely that after all I. j shall not be a sailqr; bntat any rate a sailor's life i 1b my ambition, however hard it miy be. I never feel.so'happy- as when lam in the water or on it; and Hike to feel the ship rocking underneath me, ; see the broad expanse of water, and the eeabirds whirling to and fro. Also to s»e in the distance the faint blue line against the horizon that marks out land; or to hear the chains rattling at the anchor: is dropped, to see the billows .foaming around the Ahip, ' and hear. . tbg' orders of the skipperi and the; tramp of boots along the deck. Keasone—lat. Because I wish to visit strange lands, explore them, and dl«cover what I can that will in any way benefit my country or myself. 2nd. Because of ^ny great love for the walerand for sailing uponlk 3rd. To become ao attainted with the many languages of the earth and is people who speak tneis. , Arthur Elliot St. Clair McDonald, F.M. / Caltowie (18 years 8 montliB). I am mnoh pleased indeed with these essays, and I think the; are. a marked ^improvement j upon the ones in the previous competi tion, I would remind the unsuccessful j competitors that writing and neatness were 1 taken -into consideration, -and there were ] not a few who lost marks in-those two particu lars, We tfill not be having another oom petition, I^thinfe. for some time; and I earnestly bpjie 'that then .there will be man; more competitors. Now I had better give you the " beet -three" letters. Bat, first, there ie another "Sunbeam".bazaar to be reported. EUleton, October 3. Mydear .iTricle Harry—I am very pleased to be | ibleto teUypu"tti»twe havsatlasthad our bazaar. i Although it was small and there were very few abletotelT] Although It was small and there were very 1 people we mugged to «et £2, which I am encloirfoy. , We held onr Bazaar In the -Wesloyan Chnreb-i on the 2nd October.' Tint; Her. J. G. Jenkln j was holding a tea and «'. "cantata on this date, and he very kthdly allowed iis to hold onr bazaar In the same-building; and I would like you to think the Be v. Mr. Jenkln on behalf of the -Cutis' lor iilB klndoess." The 'children, ai yon ; knor.ar^ v^fy small,: but I have to give my bast th'ahksto the mothers of .those/who Were wot able to help ZorLthe great' Inlertst they took in the b&xatr.; I told "yon a week ago tint Idid not think we could help the Sunbeam Stall at the straw berryfite; .butif weadaa lirttb mors to wbat we have Mft-from war bazaar we will send a parcel down.' 'Vith 'love to all my cousins, Aunt Sophie, ■ andybnrself, - :. . _>«• ,-i . j . Your toying niece . \- •' 'A -fc B.Svhes, F.M., .r..., i • . Bon, Secretary Frantic B Haveigai S.-O, .' IRa^w«^^o^ian,dWard.^eytemb^^ I am a futi^*tenBe*.rineleven yean old. ;JV» a»!: ten in-famfly ^ there sM three btothsrs' snd-IOar siitwt' One of my .sisters, h&m;*d Bslla/^ls a Snnimam, and WB attend-the Circle formed by Mini' Clayton; AU'.the members seem very fond ofTier. There Am- tWenty-t*o in the Oirale, <30; deir . ,,. FargnanB —oooktelM, WMlSwMhkMdjrere *«7 .Vbu:Mt,<»)w^i:W^W*c.';'4rdll dear ,1 miuit SOy good night. "TOth loreto Aunt Sopbii^Ofnabi " ' -»—-■ " remain J otlrlo sdny iwhi Daole.T 3 Nieoo .Mabel, and especially pleased to hear of the progress of ypurOirole. - • iijfsi:/?'- !*•:*!? Hammond,October 1. . DearDneleHarry—This 14 sqrthlrd letter to you.andl am not going m write a! very iongletter this time. My jbttt Im jiut jAiuddiQinlbiiii 8ool«ty," SHtw u>o little to write letters to you yet,. but the sue' she will lie able to sooa. Myother little alitor 1« only ten mouthi old to-day. ohs baa only four teeth now.- 8b» will soon be ablete walk. She can poll hsrsslfnpbytbechalrail herself. HothgrliniUogbertawainitviittUtlieH; .1 am making a nice little ball for the Children's Hos pital. :. Hie Circle meet* nt Mln Hetoatf's piece. \- We are going to have a meeting next week. I thluk It la time I closed now.' With lore to Aunt 8ophln, Coualna Beaaie and Bertie, and yourself I remain, your lovlng-nlece, Kathleen K. SiCHAttpsoN (Byeara 2 months). Please tell .the members of the " Maud Jeanne Fbano" Oirole,dear. Nieos Kathleen, that I would like to hear from them. Iteeeme • long time aihoe 1 had a letter., . Fiaher-nfcreet, Fallatton, September SB. Bear Uncle Harry—My father baa Just been to England. He has been borne about four weeks. He bronghtme aurh a nice doll; it will abut iti eyea. We went down tomeethlm. We were np at 5 o'clock. ■ I bare a very bad cold and li pa —Father brought a little kitten ftom England. We went out out one Sunday, and when we catue home it was gone. My little brother ia fast asleep on the sofa. Will you not mind this letter being blotted? Good* bye, my dear Dncle Hi Try.—Your lorln, niece," Kya.Bovina Davison, F.M.(io yean old). I find it neoeeeary again to call attention to the three rules to be observed by letter-writers —let, to write on one side only ; 2nd, to be signed ae original by parent or guardian; and 3rd, to oontain not more than 200 words. It is the first-rule, more especially, that I wish you to observe more faithfully than you are doing. It eavee me a great deal of trouble if it ie oarried out, eo please don't forget it. Now for the Birthday-list:— many happy -bbiuens. or the day. To-morrow, 12th, to Btella Uichards, P.M., Goolwa (10); Bertie Rilbv, F.M., Water vale (8); Elite Thomas, 7.M., Gienelg (12); Wil liam Tooo, Bugle Uanges (lc); Kit Craud, Blanohetowo (14); L-igbton BahiuTT, Lyndoch (11); LornaOEELBr, Qlendg(ll); Edith Knowles, Ball.rat (A). Monosv, iStb, to wllliun Stewart, P.m., Park side (tl); Kliia CRAior. Stockade (7); Minnie ALSworth, Mount Lofty . (9); Albert Mills, Amyton (in); Arohibald Davis, Biverton (11); RdwfiajKNKiNS. Partside (18). Tuesday, 14th. to Prank Sorrbll, F.M., G.enelg (It); Ella CHARLICK, P.M., Unley Park (14); Vernon IIauvey, P.M , North Adelaide (U); Lucy Alderman, West Yarconie. (i2); Fradfcis Brown, Woodvtlle (14); Gertrude Clement Park side (is). Wednesday, 15th, to Emma Haeuslbr, P.M., Wilson(12); Eleanor Ujedsted, P.M., Semaphore (14); Robert HOCKRIDQE, P.M., Watervale (7); Emily Clifford, P.M., Salisbury (12); lily Machell, P.M., Murray Bridge (8); John Moor man, Pauaramitee, via Yunta (10); Amelia Price, Fisktne (12); Kveleen Bishop, Commercial-road, Port (S); Klfie COVENTRY, Uuley (9); Archibald Waldie, Broken Hill (13); lloy EnwaRDS, Enfield (10); Alica SCHOLSPIELD. uiTcrtan (18). Thursday, nth, to "Ethel workman, F.MT., Sand well (14): E. 3. Gawler Parham, P.M., Angle Vale(lO); i.irzle Nation,College Park (A,); Sov • ' reign Davis, Bugle Hanges (11); Ida Dew, Alber ton(15); A1 zander HUNTER. Orafers(12). . Friday, 18th, to Ethel Cole. P.M., S&ndwell; (11); Charles Pa VIA F. M., Semaphore (15); Edward KOACH, F..1L, Kilkenny (8); Leslie COLLINQS, ] Norwood (10). .. ] -aturday, 10th, to Horace Whrei.br, F. M., Prospect (9); Alice Sehmens, P.M., Queens-J town (12); Mary MUDQK, F. M,, Allord (A.); Florence Toodev, F.M.. Goodwood (18): Hilda j Clark, Exeter (A.); Miriam COOK. CoromadaeY Valley (12): Eva FIELD. Norwood (12); Emily : Caike, Alberton (A.); Evelyn Ellerv, Queens town (A.). I have so far had no response from those who have reoently attained their fifteenth year, and must therefore send in an applina tion te be enrolled as an A.ssooiate if desirous of still belonging to the Society. Please attend to this matter, dearies, so that there may be no difficulty about it afterwards. I was very pleated to receive a group photo of Nieoes Elsie and Olive Williams, F, M.'e, for the "Sunbeam Portrait Gallery." I am just as eager as ever to add to my store of "Sun beam" portraits, so please don't forget me.. Yours very lovingly, Unole Habbt. 