THE HAUNTED CHIMNEY. If the signorifio will take my advice, he will net sle< p iu this room." jdnd w-by should I not sleep in lhia room, Anioiiio ??'- c V'J The fellow shrugged bis shoulders, looked nbout 1 im mysteriously, tbtn, coming • stef ncart r, began in a low voice : " Bccausc—" : " What are you chatting about, you imbecile? " the landlord's voice broke in, as at this moment be appeared at the door. The. servant drew back, and though he held his tongue, tbe expression of his face did not change. " The signor will doubtless wish to refresh himself with a good night's rest, after Ins. long journey," the landlord remarked to me, in the obsequious t'oue of his class ; then, turning impatiently to the servant again, he eontiiiued, " And -you stand liere doing nothing, and by your idle gossip keep our guest from sleeping.'! " It- is not I -who will keep him from sleeping," muttered Antonio, as bo proceeded to mifasttii the straps of my portmatiteau, ..-" Jtasstay' enough !'" exclaimed* "his"; master ^gri'y j thBn to me,-'in qiiittU'i fuave raanue "J' you a gcod". night's insinuatingly, " you will''not have allowed youi mind to he perturbed by this fellow's" idle ' chattcr?"'. " Oh, 00 !" I answered shortly. •I .was cross, and too sleepy .to heed the nni asy manner of the landlord, or the timid, deprecating glances of the servant. " Good night," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be ftlone. " Good night, and may your repose be tranquil !" saying which, mine host bowed himself out of the room. " Your servant, sir !" and Antonio made an obeisance, then, passing close by me, as he hurried to the door, where his master awaited him with visible impatience he managed'to whisper, " See that the fire-board- if fastened tight, and keep your candle burning. 1 atn at the end of the hall !" ; I was a bit startled by this mysterious advice, though to proud to bitray my sudden perturbation by demanding an' explanation then and there. At that time I was an aspiring young art student, and had come to pass a few weeks in Venice, where, alone, of all the cities in Italy, does the wonderful colouring of the skies entrance the paiuter's soul, and seem tc defy bis palette. It was not my first-visitto the "Queen of the Adriatic," nor to this queer old inn. It was a tumble down building, which ccnturiec beforohad been a'palaci—as the dwellings of the Italian nobility are called ; but the ages had come and goue. and the last scion of the race wliich had formerly claimed this among its numerous residences .had long since passed away. Owing to the fact tbat it was situated on a small canal st some distance from the grand canal, it escaped general notice. To nsci nd to the apartments which at present constituted the hostelry, one had to pass under the great arched doorway, through the empty space beyond to the stairs, which led up to itiu second floor. Here, sonic of the palatial rooms , had been'partitioned off into"small apartments. Ou the occasion of my present visit tne bouse was full, and thus one of tbe large rooms, undisturbed by ninetenth century carpenter and mason, was assigned to mc. It was bare and lofty ; its two windows, several feet from the the ground - reached by flightsof three steps— lookfcLout on the narrow slrip of -Water below. At this hour they were barred- by heavy wooden shutters.whilc faded hangingsdcaped them, and gave a straiige, almost weird aspect to the deep reeessrs above the little slone steps. Between the windows stood a marble console, over which hung an oblong mirror in a tarnished gilt frame. On one side of the room was the high, narrow bed, with cxnopyaiul curtains like those at the windows; and at f(s left was the priedicu; 311 l.herigbt, the night table. ChRirs were placed 5!ifily against the wall, around the room. At'the farther end of this vast apartment,and : E-icing the t>e:l, was the huge fireplace, which luc ked black and falhornless as'acaverii, by.tbe t rlim light which the caudle shed throughout a ihe room. Over, this hung a*trip of fadcil :iamatk, like the other dr-iperies in tcxlure End :le ign ; it partially concealed Iho fireboard, which bad been removed from its accustomed g place anil placed on one side. p 1 stood for a moment listening to the *etreat- ;ng footsteps, with a curiously uuea&y; feeling t s"i eping over me as presently they ccascd and g <1 was Mill. I teiok up the candle and prois .led to make a close survey of the room. I :. i_<J:the various doors and windows, Uniting: b .liem all securely fastuncd ; opened the ciim- Dersome wardrobe, and—let me .confess it— u actually looked under the bed. Finally, I jtooped snd gazed into the sombre depths olthe incient fireplace,and as I'-did so, my light iickered. I went back to the table, and, putting down the candle, opened my portmanteau and began to take out the necessary articli-s. I debated, 1 little whether or no to put" out the" light, a rogue sc use of uueasitu ss oppressing me wliich [ was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, Dben—but I h-ft it burning. I.fell inlo sn uueasy . sleep, the result of Talifme and' a lato supper, perhaps. I was iwakeiicd suddenly by the sound of a heavy rail, followed by a death-like silence. Is-atup in bed and looked round the room, wondeiing S1P< pily why mv candle was ill b'rn :ng. and was ai.out to blow it out, wi en Antonio's 'mysterious advice came b.-iclc to me Again 1 fell isleep, for how long I cannot say, when ouce more 1 was aronsi d by the noise -of a dull thud, -nrli as'tlie Fal ing of a body would make. But this 'im o , instead of ultersiicnce—which -before nail firstr-t;>i't!cd me and then served to quiet iny t'enrs—a luoun fcl! upon the air. I sprang from the bed, and, grasping tho candlestick, in wl.ich the caitillcWJ:S fast burning in its socket, 1 started across the rooui, to investigate, if possible, llrs strange sound. Five minutes later I was back in bed again, and, inclined to reproach my silly, fears, I turned over, aiM soon fell into a moie restful slnmbur. It seems to me, as I r< call tbe happenings of. that night, alter the lapse of many v« ars that I could 'tc.ii crly hive closed my «yes . when stil again, 1 was aw.de ned, this time by soin'i.-tlihig jrolling down.-the cl.iuiney then falling her.vilv tijxm felitfiriathln hearth. .Tbe^ipdle Dickered", -aiid before ! in<1 time to 'recGVc'ri-m^^elr, shot Tjp oiie feiAihi: flame find.^dllfcofity;- %jAt that instant the distant b<l ! s of San Marco—'St leant, 1 fancied 'twas tin y—rliimed the hour of three Xho lovidy fiiimniir . dawn, must be lu-c^kiiig the cloudless Vcnitian skies : I.ufc thn barred casements kept out evi ii a pos-ib!e ray of li^lit. I ft.lt round over tlx; cold marble .top of the. little table at my bedi-i.ie fcr the nr-t<:hi.% and just as 1 found one a deep groan f« II upon my ear,and for a moment my hand tr« mt>]. d;o that 1 could not strike it. At length I bar! it lighted only to discover that, the other candle was ou the centre table. The little wax light was burning quickly in my hand, and would ban ly last, lo get me across the room. I stepped hastily to the floor, and moved "over to where the unlightcd candle stood. The illumination which this fresh one gave was dim and wavering but holding it steady until I felt sure that it would not go out, I walked over to the tireplace, stopping suddenly short as I stood within a few feet of it. My hand shook so that I could scarcely hold the ligbt, while it senned to me that Uio loud beating of my heart must drown cveiy ether sound. For a moment I could not get niy breath time, as 1 fetched, a lorg. gasping sigh. 1 could f»el the cold p:-rspiration running down my back. Just in front-of Ihe great cliimmy. with wide open **yes fastened upon me, lav a man's head, sevtred from Im i»ady, and with the blood flowing freshly from the licck. 1 pulled myself t< gelbcr, trying, as btsfc 1 nmild. lo take in the Mtiiation. Had a murder beii committed then and tbi-ri", and whire was the body ? 1 stepped cloper-and closer, fas;i:iai< d bv the bom r of the great,, staring e.ye>v wliich seemed to draw me on, when, Mi>idcnly,l im.iv-t nywli leok-ns; into e:up1y space. Ilie i em! I:3il iiis--p] r. d ! 1 dini>].e I i ;i my kr.crs, : r.d st-dl grasping L muutli : E <-;.JM1;I ST cli P- J.tiv cu-pl U > llii: {.Apill.' of t' e M/iHc miksit'Wji Lu' y o iircs'stiMe p-j-.vt r torch g me on until x was on the spot wboie, a mom- lit before that ghaslly nc-ad had lain. 1 li aised forward to peel 1 into tbe chimney, moving niy candk-'a little to throw a stronger l'ght upcii the opening, when a gust extinguished it, and in (lie darkness which fallowed the silence was broken only • by a succession of low maans, which gradually died upon then air. 't he candlestick fell from my now nerveless baud, aud could bear it colling! a way .beyond my reach. I opened my mouth to call, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. 1 made a last superhuman effort to free mysolf from tbe horrible fear Which was fast overpowering me. Straggling to toy'feet, I managed to stagger toward where I believed tbe windows were, only to sink upon the stont steps, qualdng with a'nfew dread, as, even as 1 touched the drapery which bang beside it, a ray of light fell upon the floor, and the figureol a man dragging a head less body sppeaced before my terror-stricken eyes. It must have been two hours later that 1 opened my eyes, tu findhonest Antonio bending over me. For a moment the light pooring ic from the open casement almost blinded me. " My Gjd ! What was it ?" I gasped, as tbe good fellow, putting his arms about'me, half carried me to the bed. He did not reply, but moved quickly back tc tbe other window, removed tbe bar, opened wide the wooden shutters, and, pickingnp from the step the oil lamp which be had probably had-in his band when he entered the room, put it on the console. Then, slill silent, he went toward the .fireplace, and taking up the great fireboard put it into place, remarking laconically as lie did so ; " Tbe signorino forgot to fasten in {he fireboard, it appears." With the light of day pouring into the room, and the sweet morning -air gently moving the shadows on the wall, the horror of the night began to . disappear,: and I felt my slrengtb returning. I watched Antouio and; tried to think ; but my brain was not in working order, aud, _ the very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, turning from the chimney, looked at tne^ then taking .up my' flask from the table, poured eome of its contents into a glass,'and bringing it tc ne said i Driuk that. I will bring you your Coffee in A few moments." " How did you get in ?" Tasked him when he returned with the beverage. " The signorino asked me to call him at dawn, as lie wished to study sunrise.sffects; so , I' came early to the door. I knew when 1 received no answer to my knocks, that somotbiiig had happened. It was not difficult tc force the old lock."' *' Tell me, what was it ? - It was too leal tc have been a nightmare. What was it, Antouio ?' " The signorino does not know ?. And yet il is an old story here.. - 'T-was the ghost of the murdered man." '* It was not a ghost at all 1" I exclaimed " It" mas a head." . " The same thing." '" Have you ever 6een it ?" *' God forbid !" And Antonio crossed himself. " I shall not pass another' night in thii house." • "No? And only last spring, apainter, one of your-.«oinpatriots, eame hore from Borne, and stayed- in this very room on. purpose" to see tbe head. He went away much disappointed, for it never appeared to : him, .though he did hear it in the chimuey." . . . . \- By this' time I was dressed, but was determined to hiear this story before I left. It had begun' to dawn upon me that Antonio did not mean to tell it. " Come, Antonio," I began. - At this moment my gondolier appeared at the door. "Francesco knows it better than Ir and .besides," said Antonio, " we are not allowed to'talk about it ib this house." Francesco was. ready enough to repeat the gruesome tale, and with all the dramatic fervom of his race, went oyer it in detail. It was toward the middle of the last century that Duke Gerolamo de Gerolamei lived in this, bis ancestral home, with bis two Bona and bis ward, the only child of his sister. It was intended that the lit ir to tho proud old name should marry the fair young cousin, and of course the wayward girl fell in love with the youuger son, who returned her passion tenfold. But the guardian and uncle laughed at,tll;s childish folly, and calmly fixedthe wedding day. Meantime, the hatred of > hi brothers grew. The elder was enraged bee; u io he could not win the lovo of the woman-who was to be his wife ; the younger was furious and despairing because, Uirougb this accident of birtli which made him the younger son, he was denied possession of her who alone made life worth living. It was the eve of the wedding, which WBS destined never to bp, tbat their last'and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessancro said to the heir— " If I cannot have her, then you shall not 1" In vain the iovely Biauca, drawn thither by their loud words, tried to stop them, weeping and protesting that she, the unhappy cause oF their, discussion, would kill herself if they did not cease, then and there,-their strife; Her presence only added fuel to the thtme. - Tlai men fought like tigers, and when, at length, Alessandro fell at his brother's feet, the heir, now quite beside himself, and with he thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword tbe neck, severing the head from the body. 0:ily then, as a defp groan fell upon thei air, end for the last time the eyes opened aud azed steadily at him, did the murderer realise, bis crime. Wilh the cunning of a madman, be dragged the headless truuk across room, and wilh a supreme effort lirted the burden and threw it into the narrow canal which flowed silently beneath the windows.: He started back to dispose of the head, too ; as he stooped to take it up, a low moan.felfc pon his ear. Blanca lay as she had fallen pon. tbe hearth, and even as the young Geralauiobentoverherprostrate form, breathed: out hir life in a long-drawn sigh. The head, which be bad dropped when attracted by filauca's moan, lolloii into the fireplace and disappeared. • The heir died soon after in a madman's chains, and tbe childless, broken-hearted fal her followed him quickly to tbe grave. The distant heirs bad gladly disposed of tbe palace for a nominal sum, encumbered as it was by tho memory of a fearful ciime aud the.bleeding bead which haunted it at intervals. " Women make a great deal of treubl?," said- Francesco, by way of conclusion. " Now, if the beautiful Bianca br.d not made the mistake of falling in love with the wrong man.!" An expressive gesture finishedthe eonteiico. "It is said," he remarked, after a pause, " that only when the skull of the murdered man can. be found will bis ghost cease to trouble ithe occupants of that room. How tired." he added naively, " the bead must be, rolling up and down the chimney ! Almost all hear it, few sec it. The siguor paintei was oue of these." The gondola bas stopped just opposite San Giorgio Maggiore, where the artists were assembled even at this early hour, studying the ever-changing beauty of the old church in the soft morning light. My pencil strayed over the canvas; but instead of the outline of the church it was. that of a man's head, which, as the day wore on, grew into the likeness of the one I had seen the previous night. l There is nothing more lo say. The story of the haunted chamber is too well known to nteed fuither proof from me, while as to my'personal experience with it,.l can add nothing. I have related facts., as they -occurred. -Sceptics may laugh a t my story, and hint at nightmare and other consequences of a late supper ; I kriow better. One thing, remember, 1 did not hear the tale until the day following my visit from the ghost. . I have visited Venice many times since then ; but I have mvir returned to that old palace on the little canal. 