Not In The Programme. Playgoers have often been amused by In. terpolations by members of the audience, called forth by exciting moments in a drama, or by something which appealed uninten tionally to their sense of humour. A well. known and deservedly popular actor was re presenting one night a man in the very depths of despair. He was applying for work at the dccks as a last hope, and, al though he had "made up" thin and pinched-looking and his clothes were shabby, ne had forgotten to take off a handsome diamond ring. So, when he came to the moment at which he asks in hoarse accents : "AndifI fail, what shall I do ?" a voice from the gallery suggested cheerily, "Pawn your ring, Chawlie 1' When Lady Carlyon, in "East Lynne," was once dying to slow music in a provincial threatre, there was a disturbance in the gal cry. The actress bore it as long as she could, then, jumping nimbly off the bed, she strode down to the footlights, and announced that if the noise did not stop she would have the disturbers ejected. Then she resumed her horizontal position on the bed, and peacefully gave up the ghost. A popular but car-less actress was once playing the part of Qaeen Anne, and in it she was made to exclaim, "-Oh, when shall I have rest 1' To which a ruth less grooer in the pit replied, in tones loud enough to be heard all over the home, "Not till you pay me my one pound one and ten pence, ma'am i" A well-known actor once enjoyed a very similar experience. He was playing in " Pizarro," and, taking a bag of property money from his pocket, he offered it to a sentinel, with the words, "Here Is gold ; it will be wealth for thee and thine be yond the seas." Whereupon his landlndy, to whom he owed a month a money, called out, ".it would be all the dacenter if you gave it to me for your board and lodgin'." In a popular London theatre some years ago, it fell to the lot of a charming young actress to be chased round the stage by a character made up as a sort of man-monkey, whose attentions she had more or less politely declined. At last her unwelcome suitor seems to have her at an advantage, and she alls out frantically, "Great heaven I What shall dao " To which a voice from above promptly replies, " Pitch him a nut ml?y 1" 