BURNED FOR A WITCH. f. STOEY OF THE CRIME. A HORRIBLE AFFAIR. Eiglifc men were recently sentenced to terms of imprisonment varying from six c months to twenty years for the murder a of :i woman named Cooper, whom they t burned te death, under the delusion that they were destroying a with. • The fol lowing particulars of the crime are taken | from theLoudon ‘‘Times”:— A shocking occurrence, recalling the bar barities practised in the Middle Ages upon prisoners charged with witchcraft, has taken place at Baityvadhen, a villago situate on the slopes of Slievenaman, in the county Tippe rary. It would be incredible if the account were not subiSiutiatel by the sworn ^ evidence of witnesses. Two men and a s woman are chargod with oausing the death of a woman 27 years of age, named , Bridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing ^ her, as she was suffering from nervous excite- ( ment and mild bronchitis, to drink noxious potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and then seizing her and roasting her under the supposition that she was a witslM Her , over a fire to make her say this. These proceedings were' repeated on the fol lowing night, when the husband knocked her down, stripped off all her olothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set fire to her with a burning stick from the hearth. While she was burning to death there were present six of the male prisoners and two women, all re latives of the deceased. Some of them re- ■ monstrated with the husband, but did noth ing more. He told them that it was not his wife he was burning but a witch, and that she would disappear np the chimney. During the process of the protracted and terrible . tortures described by a witness as having beau inflicted on the unfortunate woman, some of the party repeated the words, “Coma home, Bridget Boland” (the maiden name of the viotim), in the belief, ap parently, that they were doing what was necessary to bring back the real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the “good people,” the fairies,and that i-j was a super stitious counterfeit they were crnolly killing. The savage orgies were formed in the honse of the woman’s father. The dead body of the victim, with the stomach burnt through, was found buried in a ditch alter a week. The following is taken from the evidence at the magisterial investigation at Cion William Simpson, a caretaker, stated that on the night of the tragedy he went to the : honse of Patrick Boland, and on the way met i Mrs Bourke and her daughter Hate. They went together to the honse, and on reaohing : it heard shouts, apparently in men’s voices, i oi “Take it, you old-, or I'll kill you.” i He could not see in through the window, bnt , the door opened shortly afterwards, and they \- went in. Colonel Evanson: Was there anything that * led to the door being opened ? 1 The witness : They were obliged to open * the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. 3 Continuing his evidence, he said that he and 3 the two women went in, and they heard 3 shouts of “ Away she go; away she go.” He t then saw a number of men holding Mrs s Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, 3 Patrick Kennedy, James Kennedy and Wm. j Kennedy. Mrs Cleary's husband was stand r mg by the bed, holding a saucepan in his fc hand, and he asked Mrs Cleary,, lr Are-you s. Bridget Boland, wife of Michael-Cleary, in l the name of the Father, Son, and Holy 3 Ghost? ” She said, in reply, “ Yes, I am.” i The question was repeated several times, t Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife 7 some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. , There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary r was forcing the herbs into his wife’s month, b and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown 3 over her. Pat Boland asked her, j “Are you the daughter of Pat Boland? , Answer, in the name of the Father, the ■ Son, and the Holy Ghost.” She did L not answer, and the question was repeated r more than once. Questioned as to what these 3 people were all in the house together, for wit [ ness Baid he believed “ they were driving out > the witch,” and the door was open for the r purpose. When she would not answer the E question some odb, he believed John Dunn, . said “ Make down a good fire, and we’ll • make her answer.” There waa a fire s burning at this time in the kitchen. She was then carried in front of > the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, WilliamJKennedy, and her husband, and was i again asked the same qnestions.' Witness did \- not remember her making an answer. The : men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the i time. The body was bent, and forced in on • the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other persons in the room made no sign of J disapproval. In reply to her father, who i asked her, “ Are you the daughter of Pat rick Bolaud, wife of Michael Cleary 2 An ; swer me in the name of God.” She said, “ I am, dada.” They were then satisfied they had tneir own. What do you mean by that ?—That they ■ had Mrs Cleary, end not a'witch. Then what had they got before?—They believed they had a witch. They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, “Away with yon. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God.” The sams men took her off the ‘fire when she had answered satisfac torily. She was then put into bed, and they asked her questions, and she recognised all in the room. Some of those in the room then tried to console her. At 6 o’alock in the morning Cleary went for the priest. The Bev. C. F. Ryan was next .examined, and stated, that, he attended ._the_deoeased woman proriooi to her death. and gave iter the last rites of the Ckuroh. On the Satur day following her death he saw Cleary in the ehnreh in Drangan. He was behaving like a madman, tearing his hair, and appeared to be suffering from remorse, He asked witness if he thought he would ever be forgiven. Dunn, ^ who whs along with Cleary, told witness that they bad burned her to death and bnried her, and that he had been asking Cleory all the morning to give,her Christian bnrial. Had he known there was any such thing as witchcraft or foul play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had oommunioated with the police, and told them to have thnireye on Cleary. On Tuesday Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witness William Simpson.generally confirmed his story. When the woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that “All the ques tions should be answered before midnight,’1 which she understood to mean that the witoh could not be. driven away later than mid midnight. Sh.e saw nothing in reference to a hot poker, but there was a mark as of a bum on the forohead of the deoeesed. She knew where the “fairy ring” was at Xylenagranagli Fort, bnt was never there. She heard Cleary tell her nusband on the Sunday following the murder that his wife was at Kylenagranagh, that they would go for her, that she';’wonld.be on a grey horse, and that they v/onld have to ut the oorda that bound her on the horse. She did not know whether they went. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in the strongest terms in Cloneen Chapel, and called upon those of his hearers who knew anytheng of the afiair to communicate with, o authorities . 