Mystery of Norman Chase. 'Then of what ?' 'Gertrude, shall I tell you ?' And tile young man, while saying this, was literally grey in the face. 'If there is anything to tell, tell me, Henry,' was her answer. SI dare not, and I cannot,' he. rep!ied, kissed her, and was leaving her: but- 'Henry,'she exclaimed, 'there is some thing--I reel, I know it-that parts us two.' He looked round, spoke no word,, and was gone. On that lday, Gertrude Champion saw the .cene which she refused to describe to her daughter. It was a vast temple sculptured in the living rock. Huge images, wrought of stone that bad never been disturbed since the days of the creation, seemed to guard the grim and gravelike portals. Awful and solemn heads looked down from above the ponderous entablature. Within, ranged four deep, stood priests in white, dusky of countenance, and arm'd with sabres. Upon an altar, half visible, rose a little peak >f fire, and by it, clothed in a red costume, was Henry Mainwaring The young girl, whovste intrusion had not been noticed, or it would surely have been resented, was fascinated by the curiosity of the scene. They threw over the man in red a yellow robe. And then and there she heard him repudiate, in terms of tearful blhsphemy, the faith o! his fathers. Then and there she saw him trample upon the symbol towards which unnumbered millions turn in all their dasly lives. And then anid there she cast him out from her heart for ever. Dosns, as into a gulf, fell her affection for this man. Sheshut her soul against him, as though it had been a rock. When they next met, it was no par't of her duty, dictated by her conscience, to upbraid him with his nameless crime. She.only said: * Henry, it is as I told you; we are parted. And he answered: . ' You best know why, Gertrude.' A lalsehood, false as the foulest slanderer in that region which Dante has depicted, had made miserable these once happy lives, and they never knew the malignant secret until there lay between them the mystery of a misnamed grave. Two men knew the truth about that inex piable blasphemny. The one was Norman Hedley, Henry Mainwaring's rival; the other that accom plished adventurer, Mauthew Drake. But Mathew Drake was a very clever gentleman in his way. His first move, after his own re pudiation by the young heiress of the Champ ion estates, whose daughter he so prosecuted in after years, was to prompt the wooing of his master-as be actually was-Sir Norman Hedley, a young officer in the Company's service. There never had been, as already hinted, any deep lrve between her and Henry Main waring. But, on her part towards Norman, and on Norman's towards her, grew up a quiet tenderness, at first which neither seemed to recognise until it ripened into that most su preme and noble of human emotions-love, friendship Then it was that the snake ghlstened in the grass. It need not be repeated-the narrative which Lady Norman had detailed to her daughter. oIago did his work, and a worse than ever Iago dreamed of. Mr. Mathew Drake was quite equal to the character. He forged and pilfered; he bated, according to human rule, wvhom he had injured, and then came the second climax, if so st may be styled, of his villainy. He personated Sir Norman Hedley, after that unhappy victim of these varsous arti fices bad won the love that Henry Main-l waring bad forteited, and the bride of a day saw, as she thought, her husband repeat the same unspeaka;le wickedness. In the Temnple in the grove, at the unhallowed altar, in the presence of the idolatrous priets, she heard him-it was no more a reality than ifit had been a dream-and what sorrow pursued her t!hrough all her after life for thbe sinless error I-invoke a strange narne- saw him, too, commit the crime of Judas-heard a language never to be rrpeated, rind et never to be obliterated from human memory, aud then the jealously of iMthew Drake was satiated. CHAPTER LV. All that was written, however, on a page of the far past, and, if the sin was irredeem able in this world, it had not been shared in by Evelyn, or her mother, or any, of these who were present to crown with their congratulations a marriage festival which was celebrated in the early wintea at that old church in the woodland wherein Constance Hope had once sobbed out her sorrow, an unbidden guest at a rival's triumph. The inmates of Norman Chase made no pageant of Evelyn Hedley's wedding; but the neighbourhood would not be denied. All the bells of Baronbury Town clashed and clanged through the frosty air,. Lady Nurman had smiled upon her daughter as they parted; but it was with a simulated pleasure. That day Norman Chase was lelt without a. sigle occupint, except herself-and a woman whoi had accompalted her frosn India.'. And, during three lonely monlths did this proud lady wander about the empty structure until the day approached for the coming back of the bride and bridegroom from their honeymoon retreat amrong the Lakes. They came, in the fashion of the time, whirled along the highway by post-horses, and bad to be driven through the little town where Evelyn had found shelter after her escape. fromt..the Moat. Fatigued and oppressed by some feeling she could not ex plain, she resisted the idea of resting there, and pleaded earnestly to go on, though'it was already night, and Norman Chase lay several miles away. 'What is it, my Evelyn ? asked. her hus band, for she suddenly broke into tlars, and the point of their desination wasnear. 'I saw something,' she said. 'Saw what ?' 'Herbert,' she answered,'it was a ghost I' 'I wish, my darling,' he said, 'that you had not come so far to-day. You are worn out with the journey.' 'I saw it i' she repeated. 'Tell ms, Evelyn. What did you see ? Are you ill ?' 'It was she, and she pointed that way,' the girlish wife insisted. ' It was my mother, and oh heavens ! What is that ?' A tremendous light, blood red ansd terrific, blazed across the sky in the direction whither they were driving. A fierce pealing of bells joined in with furious roar, as of a hundred furnaces in chorus. Vast lurid clouds ascended and rolled away with the wind, pierced by spires of flames many-coloured and multiplying from one moment to another. Every now and then an explosion seemed to throw a million sparks in:o the darkness above. Presently, as the chaise crested a hill, an immense confllgration became visible-arch es full of fire, windows flinging forth tongues of it, red and angry, towers wrapped round' with what seemed kIindled smoke-large masses beaped up or falling into blazing gulfs -a huge bewildering pile, amid which could be faintly discerned what seemed a spray of white foam-which really was the playing of the feeble engine from Baronbury. 'Herbert,' said Evelyn, ' that is Norman Chase.' He did not answer; but drew her to him, so:that the spectacle was hidden from her eyes. When she looked again the fire appeared to occupythe whole horizon. They were very near now, and, clinging to him, she asked: ' Where shall we go, Herbert ? Why did you cover my eyes just now ?' I thought you would be frightened, my dearest.' 'No, Herbert; you were afraid I should see my mother, who has set fire to Norman Chase and hushed its Whispers for ever. I understand now.' The carriage was then in the high street of Chasefield, and surrounded by an eager crowd which seemed at a loss how to receive its occo. pants. It would hardly doto cheer these young people thus returned from their marriage trip to see their home a blazing wreck, What bells.were ringing were merely not those of welcome, but summonses to help from far and near. Inntumerable offers of bospitality poured in upon them almost before they had time to understand their position; but a quiet looking individual pushed his way to the door of the chaise, and said : ' The lady and gentleman, of course, will go to Norman Chase.' Saying which, ihe gave a word of instruction to the postilions, leaped on the box, and before the astonished bride and bridegroom could interfere, they had left all- village, mob, fire, behind them, and had passed through along the disused gate of sh. Chase. Herbert would have insistrd upon knowing what it meant, but Evelyn stopped him. SIt is Gilbert Green,' she said. 'We may be sure that he knows what he is doing.' Evidently he did, for.in a short halt hour they pulled up before a building, not indeed so stately or spacious as the mansion of Norman Chase; but which Evelyn recognised as having been called the Abbey House, atnd there ,hey alighted. 'You will find everythirg in order, Mr. Leaholme,' sail Gilbert Green, as that incor rigible little Caroline stool stuilinog in the hall. In order I Why, what else was this but Norman Cnase? All the wealth that had been iremoved from the grander edifice was here. ' And now I kiaw my mother,' said Evelyn, as she looked at that proud, pure, melancholy face, 'She will never come here again, Herbert; let all th.st has been wrong and woeful in the days gone by be buried in the ashesof that wretched house' ' Not, all wretched, Evelyn ?' 'No, Herbert, for you are mine I' [THE END] 