[?] The Haunted Mill House. A NARRATION OF FACTS UNAIDED BY FICTION. [BY ? FEDDRATiI.IEi'.] '' CHAPTER X. ? As we moved the plank and lifted if; to one side we saw before us lying in that gravelly soil what had once been a living man, although now. nothing but a layer of greyish, duet remained—possibly the dusty miller; himself again reduced to dnat. There was the form of a human being, rather broadly built, and about-~5ft 6iu ini length. We had seen enough, and quickly T-on^aninw tVio Vinttrrl onrl t.Tin anni-Ti liaaUnff the latter down and removing traces of our work aB well as we could, we ascended again to the kitchen and held a consulta tion over the remains of our o'd »Je. We neither of us approved of taking human life, coifcher in vindicating a cime by a crime, and we reeolvei we would 1 e no p*rty in cstering for so cal'ed jusiice which would probably end in feasting a morbid mob ou'side the county gaol, who would in those days gather in thousands to see a woman hanged. If what we suspected was tru?, then greater than death was the punishment of living, so we decided to keep our knowledge to ourselves. We promised silence, left the premises, and at the partirg of the roads each went his own way homeward. Thirty years have passed; thVse who were ac'.ively con cerned in tbi3 a^ful business are dead, and I have listened to an oft-made request to put in narrative form that which has become a page in the history of my earlier life. After leaving the second of my two friends at the crossroad leading to his dwelliDg, I had still three gcod mile3 to walk before my own home would be reached, and ss I wended my way in the solemn stillness of the darkness before dawn I began to piece together the many bits of information which had reached ma at odd times regarding our predecessors at the mill and their extraordinary proceed ings, endewouring to recall the many rumours I had heard that bore upon the case— and now having a key with which to unlock the whole dreadful business, it was easily done. The case resolves itself as follows : That a dreadful tragedy had been enacted was certain, but whether pre meditated or not was not quite clear. I lean to the merciful view of the case, although it is possible I err in doing so. The seed of this unhappy event was at first a foolish fondnes3 on the part of tbe miller's wife towards a goci-natured and good-looking youth, who bad been entrusted to her care equally as he had been placed under the tuition of her husband, a fondness which it would have been easy to check on the first flash of conviction of unfaithfulness to her ere it had gained any great power or real ascendency over her; but failing 'the early nipping when budding,' it was al lowed to grow without eaistance as the youth increased in statur and manhood. Although scarcely dariug yet to acknow ledge even to her? elf her dereliction, yet a more tbau prope r fondness had taken root in her heart, which instigated attention unimportant at first, and which perhapv only caused a feeling of common gratitude in the young man, which would be qui'e natural in one of a generous temperament, away from home and missing its comforts and affectionate surroundings. From little to more, and a continuity of attentions germinate the temptation to evil. Who can tell the moment when folly turns to sin P One minute innocent, the next fallen ! But there is an awakening which discovers to the victim that he is hound as by chains and led whither he would not have gone except for the glamour of the senses. James i., 14 and 15, is peculiarly and propheti cally applicable in this instance. With wicked thoughts come wicked schemes and, the idol of volopbuougamativeneas once set up claims and holds its votaries, sleeping and waking, night and day. Willet was a good husband, but of lethargic habit, and as a contrast the sparkling vivacity of the younger man was more in harmony with his mistress's more ^activetempsrament and intense disposition. Perhaps she did not know her hunger until with satiety the awakening came upon her, and then it was indispensable. Then came one of those awful wrestlings with con science, which in extremis falls to the lot of few in this world ; a struggle : which, in the majority of cases, ends in a complete overthrow of morality and selfsur render to the enemy of our r3C*. Bound by a living chain t.- ' a life of S3ul hunger — a chain of duty though it may be repugnant— the wilful snapping of which is soul blacking in its horrors. The wish for the sundering is as unholy as though the cleavage was really accom plished, death following the wish and making a ? way for a continuance of criminal -. satiety — the death of the one innocent person who Btands between two guilty souls. If ever temptation thus overbabe3 you go down, down upon your knees, and in deepest humiliation confess your Nathanic tin. asking for power to overcome, to be restrained when tilled with violence, to be restored to sub mission and purity.- A conflict with con science must come sooner or later. Now you may conquer, but later , when sin has conquered, the hell will be within you. While you have the moral strength set the sin on one side to look no more wil'ingly upon it. CHAPTER XI. Having become necessary to each other the n xt step in. tbe down grade waa t^ bri^g about a domestic severance, and well it would have beet [for all if th's guilty pur had eloped and left the district free from further crime. But such a course was nut in the programme, and up to this point I will concede to them the merit of wishing to bring about the separation of husband and wife in an apparently natural way, without violence ; and this was attempted to be done by undermining Willeb's confi dence in the solvency of his busi ness affaixB as a preface to what might follow. As Willet was gene rally busy in the mill, and that at very uncertain times, as the press of busi ness was regulated by the coming and going of the wind, the care of the books and accounts had devolved upon tbe wife. She was also the recipient of money paid at tbe mill, and as a rule went the rounds among the cus tomers collecting cash and taking order?. She had adopted a system of petty and constant peculations, owing to which in process of time the sinews of the business were so weakened that it became a question whether he could hold his position ; this, coupled with a bid harvest and tha de pression arising from the severe winter which followed, suggested tbe idea of emigration, the first thoughts o? which were instigated by the wife. From think ing about it h.9 began to talk of it, exactly faUing-m with the wishes of the two mal conceivers. The emigration idea might have ended in a reality had not an un expected event occurred to thwart it. It appears that one nigrht, being occupied in the mill making the most of a steady wind which had sprung up, mistress and man thought to make the beat of the op portunity, and while thus engaged the miller, in making a rapid visit to the house for some purpose, suddenly appeared upon the scene, surprising their Mason, and 'for the first time discovering the existence of that which he had never suspect9d— is wife's unfaithfulness. A quarrel followed, whic'i in a moment of desperation ended fatally to the elder man. Such a termination was unpremedi tated, but the man finding her to be no longer the pure mother of his children became blinded with fury, and extreme measures of defence were resortei to; a heavy corn sbrika taken up at random was used as the fatal instrument, one blow of which split the skull and laid him prostrate bleeding to death up in the warehouse olo3e to the bad-room door already men tioned. Evil befalls the wrong doer with the swift ness of an eagle, and now a thing had hap pened for which the seed had been sown, but from whioh such a harvest was never expected. Quickly the oourse to be adopted was thought out and put into practice, for the night was advanced and there was no time to be lost. The first thing to be done was to sbop the yet going mill, and make all snug there ; the next was to hide the body — but where ? It would not be prudent to dig a grave in the garden or e^ewhere out of doors, because the necessary light to work by might attract the attention of the rural police or others, and the only safe place was the cellar below, which was dis tant enough from the sleeping children at tbe back part of the house. This decided upon, the grave was dug — tima would not permit of its being a deep one— and then these two carried the body across the bedroom and landing down two flights of stairs to tbe place provided for it, where it was quickly laid and a piece of thin scantling placed above it so that it would not be buried just like a.'dcg. Even then the woman could net sutler the face she had once loved and but lately kissed, although falsely, to come in actual contact with the 8'il ; and ifc was she who auggosted the plank as the only available covering at hand. ! Bitterly these two repented tt4ir : duplicity, but 'twas useless to deplore— nothing could undo the dreadful deed; but now Willet would be missed, a-id enquiry made. If he had but emigrated ' then this greater evil would have been avoided. With this remorseful thought came the Echeme of action which was at once adopted. Wilteb had talked of emi gration. Why not let it be supposed he had really done so— had gone off in the night to evade the commotion his leaving would cause; but to do this there must be some semblance of his going, so as to give colour to tbe report which must be cir- ; culated in the morning. After many sug- . gestions a dummy man was built up with the aid of some of Willet's clothing ; then the horse was put into the market pagnal, and the dummy fixed into the seat, after , which the guilty wife herself took her ??' place beside it, and drove off as we have described. No wonder the old toll-bar mail's greetiDg was not returned !? There was only one pair of earj to hear ' his cheery grod morning. The gate pass 3d through, it was nob intended to be in tae programme that tVe rexb movements should be seen, but then Bbe had not pro- * vilrd agiinsb the possibility of night watchers such as Ned Pearson, who was looking afrar his clamps at a distance. About s half-mile beyond the toll-gate Was a hollow dip in the highway, named Teuton Bottom, where in one of the chalk holes the three murdered men were found Borne years before. This spot had the name of being haunted, and with the awful scene of the last two ' hours fresh in her memory it required more ' than a woman's nerve to pass the place. She brought up her horse some distance from the bottom, untied the dummy,, , stowed it away in tbe b ;ttom of the pagnal / and after a short time, which probably seemed much longer to her, she turned the ? horse's head homeward, thinking the dark ness bad folded her aefcoas from sight. .' ? What a home to go to, containing what ifc did ? What a conscience to carry to that home! The toll-gate i a 3 to be repassed, and with ready wifc she concocted the tale of the abbreviated fparting, and feigning intense gr'ef said but Itfcle to the re-called toll keeper, and pas.ed through back to the scene of the night's tragedy. Ollins was waiting for her, quickly the horse was unharnessed and ftab'ed, the woman failing1 , courage to enter the house waited her para mour's company — clinging together now from a gu'lty fear as much as they had done prev'o'islv b.-cau-e of their unholy infatuation'— thus helping each other to overcome the c r ad fear of the presence below in the cellar. CHAPTER XIII. Perforce they would need to live on there for a tirrn to keep down suspicion, and face the enquiries which the now breaking day would brine:. The children would easily be satisfied, but tbe villagers would need discreet management and it was agreed \- ho reason of the night flitting tale should be that poor Willet could not sum up the courage to say good-by to his many long standing friends. Little these latter thought through their months of enquiries that the one thought to be so far away was not many feet removed all the time. So tinn went on until the difficult; episode of the intended emigrant arose, bub we have seen how this was meb, and its results. Then tbe invention and announcement of the death followed. It was not safe to trust a mes-age through the post, as ifc was a common practice for the feminine official to know all her neighbours' business before they knew ib theme el vej, and such a sub terfuge would only lead to an open dis covery. They would just have to announce the fact and keep their own counsel as to how it reached them. The children's party was part of the scheme resorted to throw the villagers off their guard, for the one event coming on the back of another in such direct contrast would furnish quite sufficient for the village gossipers and keep deeper questions out of their thoughts. ? - And now the way was made plain for apparent courtship of the widow by the erstwhile apprentica and the intended marriage, which followed iuaboub nine months from the pretended receipt of the bad newB from abroad, and it created no surprise in the village when it became known ttey thought of leaving as socn as a purchaser could be found for the business, as Ollins had always had a hankering _ f jr farming. Thus the place was advertised as a going concern, and we came into possesson, little thinking of what we were going to— that our home was really a mausoleum tenanted by the re-.' ' mains of our ill-fated predecessor. I Whether the ghost ever haunted the amours- of' the guilty couple: we never heard, 'but it is very probable from the peculiar behaviour of the 'woman when she presumably came to see the lovely view from r the drawing-room window, but im reality to learn whether their secret was still their own. S brange it is that criminals sooner or later return to the soene of their misdeeds, and in, many cases arouse a suspicion which never before attached to them. 'We did hear subsequently when mentioning that mysterious Sunday visitor to. a friend in the district that this inex plicable event occurred on the anniversary of the day poor Willet was reported as gone to 'America, and it is Just possible a: case o£ transmigration occurred in which the spirit of the woman aotually visited the Scene of the tragedy, the inteneifcy o? her thoughts on the anniversary of the event literally carrying her spirits away from the body /and making her; revisit the scene of her Bin. .-? -j. Strange how the key of this domestic tragedy ,waa found through a bombastic challenge made at a festive gathering— that this challenge, given as a finale of the ghost story,; should have been taken up. in earnest; but nctiat all strange is ittbat the truths .of the good Ojd Book - should be emphasised in living experience 'that what-is. whispered -in secret shall be pro claimed ,upon; ;the house top,'. and ' every, ^ecjet/tbing shall be brought to light.' t ?1 w :::):? ,k-u)THE END. ? ,;i .. ? ' 