VACANCIES IN THE CITY COUNCIL. Candidates for office in the City Council havo between them raised two or three points of interest at tho prosont juncture Mr MT ean, for instanco, cannot seo why commercial men should seok tho suffrages of the ratopayois In his opinion practice, not thcorj, should be tho primo rule to guido tho community in its choice of aldermen According to such a mow the man who can tako our measuro for a pair of trousers must bo a theorist in matters municipal, and the tradesman who gauges oin requirements for a pair of boots must bo a visionaiyon all questions of road making bald Mr M'Loan on Saturday, "If thoy put in thoso shopkeepers und drapers, thoy would put m men whose interest it was to got heav \ taxes out of tho pockots of the rate pay ors It would bo interesting to learn tho stops which led up to this oiactilar announcement Such a con elusion must havo some thinking behind it, 01 does Mr M'Loan feel his way to conclusions in feminine fushion ) Tor tho piesont wo piotoi to accept tho spoaker at his own estimate, and uidoed wo bohevo him to bo a thoroughly practical mau Therefore it is reasonable to admit a measuro of truth in the statomout that, other things in thou order, tho moro trades man will not do such good work on the City Council as one whoso hfo has boon gn i n to tho class of work noaiost to figures and road ropairs Local government is alter all a much leis ptotentious tiling than most peoplo think It is for tlio most part lust so much co opoiation among thoso most contoined to keop roads in oidor and tho citv clean .Hut successful administration in municipal affuus must rest upon a foun dation of o\porionco, and thoro must bo tho haul business faculty which comes from closo grips with diihoultios 'lho vurioty of probloms must bo akin, though at this point it is oas> to fird roscmblances botweon tho labours ot tho largo tradosman and tho work domandod dom bucoossfnl aldormon Tho man, bo ho tailor 01 grocot, whbso diulv hlo is piiHie.il in ordonng a largo estab hshiuout, must como across tho sort of ques tiou which ansos in municipal life Givon coi tain losourcos, what is the best com so to putsiio with logard to both old and now woik? And then coihob the test ol a niau s ability in his choice- of suboidinatos Jlut tiftei nil tho analog is weak 1 maneo and piactical road woik domand tho financior and the ongineor, rathol than the oiatoi or tlio popular titulesamn Wheto tho tradesman is an expert in figures and the ready-witted platform speaker is a practical man there is nothing to be said. To this extent Mr. M'Lean is justified in his.conclusions. But to bow oitizons with commeroial experience out of our Council Chambers is to givo his own case away, sinco the merchant may make quito as good an alderman as an ironfounder or mechanical engineer. Snob, a claim cuts back upon the maker of it in this instance. Then again, to say that shopkeepers aro interested in getting heavy taxes from the ratepayers is manifestly incorrect. They would suffer suroly under any system of crushing taxation ? As against Mr. Thurlow the position at this point is somewhat unpleasant. It is quite fair to argue that the draper or grocer might increase the rates because he lacked experience in dealing with municipal finance; or booause ho failed to grapple with some ticklish engineering problems such as a comprehensive system of sewerage, or the cutting down, say, of Adelaide-street to Wharl-street. In present evil times the man who talks of keeping down the rates in one sentence, afad then proposes to engage in expensive works becauso money may bo easily borrowed, in another, shows that he has not left Shadowland. The " boom" ghost is still unlaid in his case. It is walking right into Mr. M'Lean's maw to pose as the advocate of economy and as the eager borrower, in one breath ; and no amount of explanation will help Mr. Thurlow. Would it be pos- sible to lighten tho present exhausting taxation and yet pile on thousands to the indebtedness of the city ? The interest liability is already heavy_'enough, cheap as tho borrowed money may bo ; and for some time to como the policy of stern' thrift should bo adhcrod to. Possibly Mr. Thurlow's argument about the relief his proposal would give to Queen-street may bo plausible onough; but unless he can show the cash value of the saving ho must stand condemned in his contradictions. In this connection it is profitable to review tho work dono by Alderman Fraser as Mayor during the past year. We have heard nothing of unnecessary expenditure in his term of office, if wo except the sewerago survey and its promises, and he certainly leaves loss" work for his successor than ho inherited. As a shrewd man of business tho Mayor took care to lceep his hands upon all the main details of office management. Ho may have trodden upon corns in his way, but the result has justified his indépendant stand on several occasions. As executive officer, he had every opportunity to spend rather than save, the (Council notwithstanding; and that he has dono so well is guarantee that the commercial man may be trusted at the helm of local government if his business faculty includes a sufficient versatility. Probably both Mr. Thurlow and Mr. M'Lean think that they could fill the Mayoral chair with equal ability, and doubtless their turn will come-one at a timo. In the meantime, however, the ratepayers will bo justified in asking no moro, and in being satisfied with no less, ability than Alderman Fraser has displayed. It is imperative, too, that tho very suspicion of interested motives in theso aldormanic contests should bo denounced. The man who sits upon the Council benches should be above suspicion, and when selfish aims aro uncovered it is timo' that tho alderman who nurses thom was dropped. Wo soo one species of self seeking on the larger scale in tho scramble for expenditure ; this ward against that. It is hold up for commendation boforo tho ratepayers very often that their representative has out-distanced others in procuring a largo spending; and the policy most cnlcnlatod to result in an incroasod gonoral burdon is doggedly pursued. This is another of tho ugly things which comes to us from " boom" days. An alderman's power to servo tho community was gaugod by his ability to outwit other aldermen in tho rush for borrowed money, so that unholy compaots woro mado botwoen this section and that to monopoliso most of the annual outlay upon improvements. To-day wo hoar citizons advised to go into a ward here and another ward there, and mako a note of tho way in which the sido streets aro arranged in tho host of metal and water-channelling, comparing therewith the condition of streots in other parts of the Municipality ; and wo aro told that tho grasping alderman is wondorfully popular in consequence. Is it any wondor ? This spooios of public spirit needs trampling upon, and at once. It makes true economy a mockery, and propor representation on our Councils a delusion and a snare 