j S T O Y I ^ L . ? 1 CHATTER IiX.—(OOHTUTOED.5 CAPTAIN CHARLES KING, Exactly [ that's in case she broke loose, asyousay; but even when in the shafts, as she is now, between .the. levees,' how long would it take to sweep afellow from hereout into the gulf, providing nothing interposed to stop him P' - • • .' ' Matter of simple mathematical "calculation,' said Ferry, practically. "They say it's an eight-mile current easy out there in the middle where'she's booming. Look, at that barrel scooting down yonder. 'Now, I'd lay a fiver I could cut loose from here at reveille and shoot- the passeslbefore taps "and never "pull a stroke, if s less than eightymiles down" to the forts.' • • ' Well, then, a skill like that old Anatole's blaspheming-about losing'wouldn't takevery long to ride over that route, wo'nld it f. said Kiosey, reflectively. '•'' 'No, not if allowed to^&lide.; Bu t .somebody'd be sure to : put out and haul it in as a pnze,—flotsam and what-you-may- call-'emxou see these old niggers all along here with tueir skiffs tackm^r on to every hit of driftwood that's worth having.'.• ' But, Feny; do you. think they'd venture Ont in -suoh a storm as Sunday last?—think anything could: live' in' it short of a decked ahipf' 3 ' No, probably not. Certainly- not Anatble r « boat.' ^W^'thaVf .juBt'w^t'I'mafraida£,aud what^Crain^ndJloynolas dread' \- '•Do ihdy? JJM.-fteo far *a8that storm's ooncorncd, atjwoold 'iave .blown it downstrdam . natal/it Scame "to the big tend below here to-.tho5Bast;"':Th'en, by rights, it oughtto have, blowir against the left bank- But every moliof it has been scoutud all the way to quarantine.- The whole.river "wasfilled with drift, though, and it might-have been wedgod in a lot of logs ;and sweptoutanyhow. Splendid ship, that 1 Who is she, do you suppose ?' The great black hull with its lofty traoery of masts and spare was , now just about opposite tho. barracks, olowly. and majestically ascending the stream. " . . ' One of those big British freight steamers that moor there below the French Market, I reckon. They seldom eouie up at night uuloss it's in the full of the: moon, .and even then moTe with the' utmost caution., See,: dowing up now.' • Hello ! Listen !, Whafs that f' lexclaimed Ferry, starting to his feet. A distant, ^ulSed «ry.;, Ajdistant shot. Tho sentry at the sally-port dashed throngli the echoing vault, then bang! came the loud roar of his piece, followed by the yell of—" ' Fire 1 .fire;! the.guard'.' .. ... ' • ; With one spring Jerry was down the levee end darted like a deer across the road, Einsey lumbering heavily after. Even as be sped through the stone-flagged way, the hoarse roar of the . drum at the guard-house, followed instantly by the blare of the bugle from the battel quarters, sounded-the ^tirrii.'jr Iilarni. A shrill, agonized.female, .voice was madly screaming for help. Guards , and sentries were rushing to the ace'ne, and flames were bursting from the front window of Doyle's quarters. Swift though Ferry: ran, others were closer to the spot. • Half a dozen; active young soldiers, members of the in-' fantry guard, had sprung to the rescue.. When Ferry dashed up to the gallery he was jubt; in time to sttioible over a writhing, and prostrate form, to help extinguish the blazing clothing of another, to aeize his waiter-bucket and douse its contents over a third;—one 1 yelling, the others stupefied by smoke—or something. In less time than it takes to, tell it,, daring fellows had ripped down the blazing. shades and..-shutters,' toiled them to the parade beneath, dumped ft heap of goalted -and .smoking bedding put of therear windows,' ffplasheda few bucketfuls of water about the recking ,room, and the iire was out.s ^But -theudoctors.'iwere^oflai^ their^best-to IbnngiaokthpfSpBrk of- JSfei1y ! two senseless forms, and to still'thesHnebof agony that burst from the seared and blis- - tered lips of,Bridget Doyle. While .willing bands bore these scorched. semblances of . humanity to • neighboring rooms and ; tender-hearted women hurried to add their ministering touch, and old Braxton ordered the excited garrison back to quarters and bed, .he, with Cram and Kinsoy and Ferry, made prompt .examination of the ' premises. On tie ,tabl9 two whiskey-bottles, one empty, one ; nearly full, that Dr. iPotts deolared were not there when he left at one. On the mantel a phial of chloroform, which was, also, not there before. But a 'towel soaked with the stiflins; contents lay on the , floor by pirn's! rude pallet, .and & handkerchief half soaked, Jialf consumed, .was on T the cbair wii'A had stood by tJie bedside among," the fragments of an overturned kerbsene lamp. A quick examination l ief the v-patiente showed that Jim, the negro, had beenchloro- • formed and was not buriied at all/ that, Doyle was severely biihied and had probably inhaled fiamra, and that , the woman , was crazed with drink, lerror, and buriis «om- i binod. It took thfe offdrtB-bf 'two or three men end tho influence of powerful T opiaties io' quiet her. Taxed with negligence or complicity on tho part of fliesentry, the sergeant of the guard repudiated the'idsa, and assured colonel Braxton that it was an: easy matter'. for;any one' .to-get either in or out of the garrison without encountering • the :sentay, : and, taking ...his' 'lantern, 'iai'- the way ocfc'jof the .hospital: urounds,. : i>y a Tninding foot-path amocg .:',iheL -iieas'iiHtoi> a point in the high white picket fence where : two slats had beenS shoyei viiaile/ . Any one i Doming along the street withont could pass far biiyond thellSijbf;ihe 8en<9ry"ai4lie west gate,;aiidilipin'with:ijthe/atmo8t.;o^ onoo inside, ^.liatcVoevneeeBsary' was.-to dodorepo^blereliofsandipatrolB. 'No«intiy was postedattliegatetlirongh. the-wall that separated: the gairisoiipropor fram: tho hospital -'grounds. Asked ,'wliy he • iud. not ported this, the'Sei^reant' -smUed «nd . tBaid theiexreie ; 'a , dbieii^"otliBrecjjist Mopmronfisnt^ so what was the use?, ~ He did not' say, -how-; ever, that he'&nd; his'fellows httdTeo6arae:-to' J'p-'.c .'•.' ; It >was three 'o!eloc£ %hen flie ^•oiBoers' families faitrlr -got «bttied : 4o«m agttn and baok to their bedsi and /the Inlenoe of ni^rht Onoe more' reignedever ^»ok»o« 'Barrirtis. \- One would fa'upposothat suck a acme of terrdr and excitement•%M' enough^' and that; now tbe-fambUdg/tej^litened wdmeuvniight I be allowed^ :te ^Mp3hii'^e«>e';' bnt it TPttsvrijl 1 ! to be. Hardly ^ad iihe of their number cpsed "eyes; hardly had -all"the flickering lights/savdthosoattheloapital'^d-g^^ house, been downed agaih. when the etraintid' niivdS^'o| the £mSupanU 'ijf Sfife^^Sffie^ more atfd ill the. barrajoks . ardtised a Bectiha 1 . time, andthiSj' tob; by a woman'i shriek'of nofror;'''' , . , - , ' ::i -'™''- ,: • --it ••j)'»i)...-Jj wife'of a'iuoior 'lieutenaiit' of 'tofan 1 !^ <Sc? ! Uib wiSi, buiatfio tfpBoSifcfcia ircm, Jierae' 1 liekd 'of flie^aU^SttfcS. 1 -f- 5^ | Wheif'reyived, ;»inid'.!tdare itod ' : tremblings •>n>) Incoherent enlamationfcahib 8eelar*3'Qiat' •^buiia *fltior io; Wr;: \- ^--J-i--^ i - j ; i j - : .. floSrei^^lmf^abe'^'fftce, 1^^ tloor, ^e dame.l^bn:'lIf. :-WBM or chis' ghost - that Ms eyea were fixea and gliiiy • that Hedid'nbt ^m-to'^herwhgnlie'spokE for spoak h6 'did." ® s '-'Tdiotl "siiimd^l 'like' £ inbim *of anguiishV flbB ;: 1jut!tho trords' Were distinct: ' Where 'is idV 1 knife ?' : Who has taken my knifed ' ;i ; - ! "-And then little Pieroe, wlio ha!d helped' to' raise '^nd 'carry the. l ?tri6ken •woman^to' her tbbm,Suddenly darted but dn the 1 gallBry. imdran along to th'e door he had closed four hours earlier: It wbs open. ' Striking'a mattih^he'jhiirried flitiugVinto &e; bhamber beyond, and tbere. 'face' 'jbrnwanT upon the 'bed,' lay hls' ! fritmd ; and oomrade' Waring, moaningilke,onej5n the dellriumof fever. •.'"':"' QHAPTKR I. Lieutenant Reynolds, was.,seated ,at hiB desk att department, head-quarters about nine.'o'elock that morning when an orderly in, light-battery dress : dismounted at the banquette .and .came -up tho stairs three. at a jump. 'Captain Oram's compliments, sir, and this -is immediate,' ho reported, -as'he held forth, a note. Reynolds tore it open, read it. through,;then said, ,' Qo and fetch ine a .cab quick as you cao,' and disappeared in :the general's .room.: Half an hour plater he, ^vas spinning down the levee towards the Frenoh Market, .sail: before ten o'clock was'seated in the . captain's .cabin of the big British '^steamer. Ambassador,., which had .arrivpd.- at hsr moorings idnring. the night. Oram and Kinsey. were ,.Already there, and to them .the skipper was telling , his 6tory., . ' . • .: :,. ;. ! Off the. Tprfagas, just about as they had shaped their,course Jor'the'. Belize',- they.were hailed by the steamer Tainpa, bound from New Orleans to Havana. The sea was calm and the boat, put off from the Tampa and dame alongside, and presently a -gentleman was assisted on Aboard. Ho seemed weak . from illness, but .explained that he was Lieutenant "Waring, ,of the United States Artillery, had been Accidentally earned off to sea, and the Ambassador: jras, the first u> ward-bound : ship. they..: had weighted srnoe oropfung tho bar.: jie wonld ,bemost:thank-: fhl forapassage-baokto NeWiOrleans. (Hp-; t&lhSau;:dliad.K-eluomed hiliiwith ihelieart- ,-lness of,a Sritiililar,:Bnd mldshimathome m-his cabin. She lieutenant iWas endenUy far from well, ^nd seemed somewhat dazed and mentally distressed. He had given-no account of Iuh mishap '.-other , than- that told -him. by .the officers of- ths Tampa,' which had laid to .when orortxkon by the gale on Baturday night, and . on-, Sunday morning when , ihey resuma^ their oourse downstream they overhauled a light skiff .and were ' surprised to. .find-a man. aboard, dreiudied and museless. ''The.left side of his face was badly bruised and discolored, oven when, he cauie to UB,' . said Baird, ..'and, he must have been slugged and robbed, for his watch, his seal ring, and what little money,he had were all gone.', The second ofijocv of the Tampaliad'fitted him out with, a clean,'Shiirt,' and the steward dried his .clothing as best he could, .but (,the.. coat .was stained, and clotted with blood. Mr. Waring hod slept heavily much of the -way -back until they passed Pilot Town.: Then .lhe. was "dp. arid' dressed Thursday, afternoon, and seemingly, ih ibetter spirits, when he picked -up a oopy of :the New. Orleans. Picayune which the pilot: had left aboard, and was reading.-that, .when suddenly. he. started .to .his feet -with an exclamation of amuse, and, when , the'captain turned to see -.what .was the matter, Waring was ghastly pale and fearfully excited over something he..had .road. . He -hid the,paper, under his coat and sprang up- ohdeok .and paced nervously to and : fro for hours, :and began to grow, so ill, apparently that Oaptain Baird was muoh .worried. . At night he begged to. be put ashore at the harraoks instead of going on np to town, and Baird had become so troubled about him that he sent his second officer in a gig with: himy landed him on .the levee opposite the sally- port/and there, thanking thom heartily, but declining further assistance, Waring had hurried through the entrance into the barrack square.' Mr. Boyoe, the second' officer,' said there was considerable exoitement, beating of' drums and sounding ^-bugk^ .^ the-mst,they rbwed towards the shore. ^iHe didndt learn the cause. Oapluin- Baird^ -vminratwuddjis ' to learn if the gentleman.,had esiely rtaached; his destination. Cramreplied'.that Wrhad,; but in a state bordering on delirium^ and ^unable to give any ooherent twiconnt of iimself.' Ambassador „«nd . tihe Tamday i wt' ^t'sna^ Wbont'all ^ - ;: v -jSLiid ^hen.^iey .^xjld^BM^L'^at-.'Wlubt r'mg probably -saw- ; Wednesday'e ipaper with the details'of the inquest on the body, df Lascelles.and the chain'of evidence ipointing to:hiraself as the murdered' - This caused honest Captain Baird today , rten to' one ,he -avasn't guilty and five to one he'd never heard of it till^he-got the'paper 4ibove Pilot Town; Whereupon all .thrae .officers- .clapped, "-tho Briton on the back and shook him. hy' the: hand and begged his company to dinner 'At the. barracks aud. at Moreau's; and- then, while Reynolds sped to the police-office and Kinsey !back to Colonel Braxton, whom'-he represented at the interview, Oram remounted and, followed by the faithful JeSersV-trbtted Up Rampart Strnet and sent in his card to Madame. Lascelles,:.and Madame's maid brought back reply .Oat she, was still, too shocked and'strieken receive visitors. .'..So also did iladame d' llervilly deny herself, and 'Oram rode home to.Nell! -' " : ' It is useless,'. Tie "said, '"She will not see me.' .",..'. '.Then, she shall see', me,' said Mrs. Cram. • " ' .. : • And .so a second time did Jeffers.make the trip, to town, that day, this tame perched with folded Jirms, in the rumble of the pouy- I And while, , she was . gone,' the junior doctor was haying the-liveiiest experience of hiS'/few yoara of service. •• Scorched «nd bunied thongh vshe was, .Mrs. Doyle's faculiics seemed to :iiave returned (rith ie-: nowed acnteness and force. - She demanded to be taken. to 1 her hnsband's side, ,"t»nt the doctor stemlr-iefuaed.: She sdemanded dto ibe ; told his condition, bnt was informed flntat' wasnso critioal that he must not be disturbed, ( es^odiiUy by bbr, Srho' "was praotioally responable'-fornll Ins troubles. :Then Bbe insisted.: ojiknowing whether he .was conscions And'i^hetlitf he -had nsked for a priest, ancU when^forinedthatFathBrFoloy had'Aheady arrived, it inquired -the -strengfii of four mena -maniac, andhOT v 'jSdreaii8 -appalled' the-garrisbn.^. s Sutwere in •vain: MMUs'' 1 _ Jie^ ' - fentior Ks senior, and •« Pills'the' HS -tont ioraiBtiait-jacket,' isaw her sbeorely 'stored' iway in -that ''and borne oyer' to 1 •jricMit tdoni In-" (ho •old'- hospital,' set' ; The steward's wife on watdh and a sentry «t the door, ,^mtJb»ok_tp "^^rinf's.bedsidej, wheje. Sair lay tosting inbnraiag fever, innramred hi* i4w words of «antic^^o .n*roe MLd'Terry, . tkeahmstiraed back to wliere poor X>byle.w*s gasping im agony of aaind aaa body, dinging totne£i^brfhe'gentle r Mldier'of the cross, gazing .jjitopusly into his .fatlier coafessor^s byes,!; dnnki^,:.in,,.his words of exhorta-: tion,"yjet/ipuible to .make, articulate reply. JThe.-;.flames,vdone their ,cruel; work. OiUy: ^n, desperate -,,pain , oonld .he speak •jigamv-.ii i-,,{:,,; v .-.'• '..,,:.; : jlt was nearly darkiWhenMrs. Oram oame driving ;baok . to hsrisoks,;, bringing ICr Beysolds withhei:. ; Her eyes were dilated hi^tidheeks.JJ.jished., with,exoitement; ,7as she, iJow'shaeton, and, -witha M6iww>an4i!«l»e sped awar up the stairs,' leMrihgv.him ,°to; reonra pad. antertaw • her f 'X, too, went to soe M&dane; Lucelles late this afteraoon,* said JEteynolds. < I wished to ptunrker.Qus.* . • " . W V ' ; - . ' ' ,r > It ,.was . :a otlpytkM ^aeipaltblii ' to the ohief bfSpolioeof New Ori(Mta::iIt 'stated jtn effeot that he Jkad-^uw' to Havana;::-V.-Ja .•:;.:;•.,•:. • ^.:0an^on^<TOrd bfthi«:jto bnr frieind tho detective? 1 ankedOram. i V, )I .hkye"wirdd;.already- - He, hfis "gone .to Was td" note th'e'?efld6t '"of this on Hadame .Lascelles; fcut'.'sfie was too .'ill' to -see . me. . Luckily, Mrai. "Crain ^'wav there, and' I sent it nj. to |ber.: 'She Will tell you." Ifow I hare' to see Bwcton* .' '..•',!.'';',!' i And then cams'a messenger^to ask Oram to join the.^obtor af.;Doy]e'^ qu"arteri<,at onoe; Boho -Moriied'.np.Btaiia. toaoe JNellfirst.fand learn.Jier.tidings. : ... . . . i ; ' DidXnot tell yoa,r .Bhe exdaimed, as he heentered;the,|>arlor., 'Phillippe LasoeUes Was here, that »ery, night, and,h»d . been seen With his .brotherfat the office on Sojral Street twice before' thip -thing happened, and they had trouble about'money.. Oh, - I mado her understand.., X appealed ^tdher as a woman to dowhat she eould^o right Mr. Waring, Who was . so , generally believed to be the guilty mani. I - told her we had deteotives traoing ' Phillippe and would soon find' how and when -he reaohed New Orleans. Finally, I showed her' the despatch that Mr.,Reynolds sent np; and at last ^he broke Idown, .burst into tears, and said she, too, had'learned dnoe the: inquest that Phlllippe was with, her husband, and probably was' the stranger referred to,: that awful .night. .. iShe ev« suspected it at the time; for she knew.'hemhe not to borrow, but fo'demand money -that, was rishtfolly his; and: also oertain papsrs that Armand .held and that now were gone. {'.It was she who told me.of Phillippe's having been seen with Armand at "the offioe, but she deolared she could.not believe that be would kill her husband. -I pointed out the fact thatjArmand had fired two shots from his piBtol, apparently, and that no bullet-marks had been found in the room where tho quarrel took place, and - that if his Bhots had taken etfeot ou ihis .antagonist he-simply eould not have beep Waring, for though Waring had been bruised and beaten-about the head, the Sootor said there was no sign of bullet-mark about him anywhere. She reeogmied the truth of this,, but stiil -she said she believed that there was a ^uarrel:or waB to.be aouarrel bet^vaeu: her - husband- and* lb..- Waring.. Otherwise I-beliove -her,- throughout.:, I hehere that, no matter, what romance there was about her nursing Philhpe and his falling in love with..; her, .she-dLd. not enoourage-hun, did not oall him'here agam, and was true to her old husband. She ia simply possessed witii the idea that the quarrel. vhioh killedjhor husband-was between himself and Mr. Wanng, and-chat it oecurred after Pmlhppe had got his money and papers, and gone.' '. ' "W-e-e-11, Phillippe ! will have a hoap to explain when he is found, 7 was Oram's reply. ' Now I hive to go to Doyle's. He is making some confession, I expect, to the priost.' But. Cram never dreamed, for.ariinstant what that was. to he. r '. • That night poor Doyle's spirit • took its flight, and the story of misery he had to te'l, partly by sorawling with-a pencil, partly by gesture in reply to question, partly in - painfully-gasped aentenoes, a f»w words at a time, was praotioally tliii. Laicelles and hisparty did indeed laave .him^t: thd Pelican .svhen he was so drank he only vaguely knew what.WaB going on or vhatiuid happaned in.,.the barroom where they wore drinking, but his wife had told' him the whole -story: LasoeUes wantfid more. drink,—-ohampagne;' the bartender wanted to -close ap.: . They bought several bottles,ihowerei, and had them put: in the cab, and Lascelles iraa ^ay and sing-, ing, and, in*t£adof going directly, homo, in-, slsted on.stopping, to, make a <saU on the . lady : who occupied the fnpper floor .of the house Doyle rested on the .levee. ' Doyle rarely Baw her,--butsbeisometimes wrote to LasoeUes and got Bridget to take the letters to him. She. Was setting her capior the -old Frenchman. We called her-Mrs. Dawson.' The oabman drove very slowly through -the storm as Do^le walked-home along with Bridget and some man srho .wag helping, and when they reaohed the gate there -was ;the oab arid Waring in it: The oabrdriver was standing by. his. horse, awearing at the, delay and saying be wouldicharKe double fare. Doyle had^had troubld' wiah . his wife ior many' years,and xmewed-tronhle lately because of two visite XAsoelles rlmd:pa^l: there, and that: evemngiirhen jhB eentjor him he^was drink": i^, in LWaring 1^-Toom,. had heen drinking' -during, ,tiie i4ayi; :rlie dreaded'more trouble, andibKM;hev^?toidkaW Jmife,: &nd; jtill :had it, he. .irhen he entered ItliisiS^A^th^^ifBSered' dom,»^'iheSVeiio1iniitm sprang m Doyle strudk - onoe,—with '4he bufe,—and there Jay LasodleB, Aeadi-before'Doyle oonld know'dr realize what he^rasdoing.': 3h fact,' Doyle never did know. It' was .what his Wife had told him, ahdlifehadbeen a hell to: him ever since that wokaan came baek. She : had blackmailed him; more or*leB«, ever since he. got his 1 commission, beca use of ian old trouble he'd had in Texav . ' (To Bx COBTDTOKD.) 