Town Talk. ,----- o-- That the Ipswich Municipal Council got t~rogh their business in lairly quick time on Monday tsxt. - ..-.Thathis was the result of there being no w nglilg-anai no maiing of exasperating an alir-Bgittlng technical points. .That it Is worthy of mention that, although the oeeting did not terminate until alter 4 o'k45, the whole ot the report was written out lymne reporter, then read through and edited, i set up by the compositors, before 6 orlocc. That that wasn't too slow for a provincial That t could ave been done still (aster ii Sn special' wrregements had been made fot so doing. That Aldennan Wyman wasn't 'ar wrong Swhen he ventured the opinion that the en anditure neesitatised by draggigtead beasts own the river should be borne oonjointly by the local authorities. SThat Alderman Spresser was abont ditto when he 'Bggested that the lamented deceaced :should be incinerated. That when a moo-ow 'has been burnt it isnt likely to give anybody any further trouble. That every ratepajetr will be glad to hear .ettooesedinge will be takenagainst all raie sXFr who refuse to make 'arrangements for Thsiaxongh nearly an Inch of ruin fell Rhat week, bash fires in the Immediate district' .reastas nuerous as ever aday or trio alter. That one would have thought that previous * ea had oonsumed everything that onold be Imrnt, tot lMonday's condig?ation seemed to tell a different tale. SThat, bad as th weather has been biese, it is apparently a shade or two better than in one portion of New South Wales, where from -.OO0 to 60,000 sheep yielded up the ghost in .eoenight. SThat the ractie regions seems to be a never alig B re of attemotion to intrepid en That It is only men of thattdlss-men who S e ready for any amount of. ha$d werk-who would inuengo tpe privations and sufferings hat attnd wanderings in that frozen land. S- That cnsmequenoly it is not true that the lbor-."eidere" in New Squth Wales are Sttng out an'expedition to search for *the )orth Poleo T•at WilinMson has got himself into another 'tight plaee, inasmuch so he voted against the. 'interests of-the proposed Tivoli railway. SThat voting against the interests of that line -meant voting against the interests of Ipswich. : That that, however, is a very secondary a. iauter'in the opinion Of some people. '. / That, sinoe Wednesday evening, the chief; talk of the town' has been the splendid thunder t s . tdr hat then visited the place. ..*..bht tor about two hours the rain was' * b That the . suburban residents have been . - ancing :the reel of Tollochgorum, for they sive hbad, in some instances, 580 gallons of Pater pat in their tanks, That the two zecent storms have had a wonderfully retreshing effect on all plants and Tht -'it this beig so, .anything of that kim?d t.r nteldded tor exhibition next week should have. biad'great shoveforward.. That;the visit of the Hon. tL M. Nelson Sone .of the best Premiers we ever had) on the .nte occasinm referred tob will be an importanti ; ievent; aid is beinglookeds forward to with' Sod.nainterest ..T, hat i: e will meet with a hearty weloome' lre.'or . in theetownspeople. . _ ' '" -Tltt 'usial entertainment given in Si.. . - tBl'shnreh, on Wednesdaysvening last, was S,' , jtly mupccesful in character. ' : --lat .-the atteadanoe 'was very satisBfactor, i a. themeo and the lecturemuh appreciated. * ,Tiht.- without wishingto depreciate the ' : Id?l-oBeare, Towever, the 'T.T." ventares to ets~he tthe fe ne bas nootorne submitted by N. , ? T?d,.h sad e, a ?oompanied by Miss Shower, *.:. i .'wa.iaigenof theevening. : That -Its b lea?ing It note that 'both per Stenr; s kindly'responied to aeveral eneores .urhngthnlcli. - . . ' Thait the wool sales jost n .meced in Lou. S dena' eminently calcnlsted to rejoice the .. ib oot -owners. . , ; I * f',lutan 5ihsre<e increase.f 1t5per cent. in e thlian It wold othereetoe. Thsltiora a ?be white trash (combined press) 'elt eeVta bleak puas from Deebing Creek * oatheli'oomreeieid. S.:. ha? aJ?aeneftmatb .ish,it is hoped that '- the· eIbe a good attendane ot the publio. >. ia itsthrtl?h n hoped that there will be no "That In Wiving s tip as to th result of the ota, ta " T;T" man is at a disadvantage, imasmch - he has not seen the weights al That for stra-ght-ont ingle hoice, however, , eJbauteone will probably e that thie blacks wlea tihe whites, or the dwbhts will beat the ddlMks, or the matc'hwill be a draw. That "'lains Andy" has thrwn sa lot light an the r imnlwhich ~ uro haa at tines been s:old and weighed in the metropolis. ... , tt.. :: t eBtly, at some paloes, the unfor S:o' ? ,eil~t sre, sa eotnd en the pper.' dtiuw~ &erinull-stone.; t te: ; llwpt`t:iti ~thattthat orto vWilainyhap .:: .NB»t+m taut !,ownl ' .. : , ?,.la ad fod many parens often wonder St bm- ? a.s.mr'"are lel to eeme home nfrom j s Illa?+boo?l . , .. Tat whteins the fon mother hands over to . d.a. '. 'e aughter h material for a gaiment-prac : e : at 'sehol she bids a long tarwell to it, oawigthat she will not see it ain for many Lht.thiinonth, " ents"' were brought . ame whome materialha been last lovingly oed npona weary twelve months ago. T'htattheolt has now probably been heard -f the Parliamentary suspension cases. aTht the Ito members who paid up while ithe other tellow" was let off must,isoweve, fel a bitsloik over the affair. That good deal of ourlosity is felt, in loca ilee.ing cfrolB, so to whether the Redbank Jia"s laoi~i' dub inten4 to join the West Mardone Oridket Association thismeason. .That it would 'be a graceful action on the " t a Ahsa Assoolation to esml them as f memibera. That, by the way, when do the ladles propose to yttatitlongeletedretrinBatoll'with-e J.T. elevent That there will soon be a fine pitch in the Central Gardens, and it would be a fitting pmatical opening of the groonda if the fair slevenwoeld "name the day" when they ale preMosd to meet thoemen in battle army. That, if .csha e oould be made for the beneSt of the Hospital, two birds could be killed with one stone. ' That the Limestone Cricket Club deserve credit far their enterprise in obtaining the :ser vioes of " coach." That this new departure speaks well for .the interest the club take in the game. That it is expected that some itinerant truit ilealere wilt honour the town with their pre senoe to-day. ' That, if they do,tis hoped that the sutho \- itesswill do their duty-jUst for once, es toA whew that they hae not lostaf their back-blit ihat, to say nothing of the gross unfairness at b thi ig so far as shopkeepers who are tatepayers are concerned, it is becoming an abeaaubl noluisance to the general publio. That. if the authorities do not at present possess the requisite power to cope with the seil, they should endeavour to promptly obtain it. That the " T. T." man desires to congratu hite t'h, Queecnlland Pastoral and Agricultural Bociety on their having Beemingly secured new tenanti tur their commodious grounds at Sandy Gallop. That, to speak more plainly, it is reported that the shplv-grounds there have beens selected by the *' Labour Leaders' Association" as a suitablo plaoce for the holding of their meetings. That the purpose of the meetings is not very ,... rent, hlut no doubt one of the objects is ;.tatho foiresalid "leaders" may make an B t y t !Ao their bleeding country." * . e-? ,- . . That, in any case, the Pastoral Society will I' be pleased to receive the rental usually paid for the ute of the groonds. Thatitis reported that "thebleedingcountry'" narrowly escaped a serious loss, inasmith ee s several of the "leaders" are said to harveneakly broken their necks while sealing thebo tence in eder to attend the "meeting." 