SONS OF FIRE.. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BY MISS BRADDON. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) Modest as the place was, tuo two admired, or seemed to admire, all its de tails — the conifers of thirty years' growth, the smiling meadows, the fawn- colored rows. A sutinv Sentember afternoon showed those fertile pastures and trim gardens at their best. Allan felt exquisitely happy walking about those smooth lawns and gravel paths with the girl he loved. At every word of approval he fancied she was praising the place in which she would be content to live. After that avowal of his tho other day, it seemed to him that her kindness mcaoit ranch more than it had meant before she knew her power. She could not be so cruel as to mode him with tho promise of her smiles, her sweet words, her undisguised pleasure in his company. Yes, he was perfectly happy. lie thought of her refusal tho other day as only the proludo to her acceptance. She hadnot said "No;" she had only said "Not yet.' Bessio Edgefield was one of thoso sweetly constituted girls whose very nature Is to bo a third party in a love affair; never to play the heroine In white satin, but always tho confidante in white muslin. She walked beside her friend, placid, silent, save for an occasional monosyllable, and was of no moro account than Snzette's shadow. "Tho Roebucks are taking leave," ex claimed Suzette, looking across the lawn to tho groups on. the terrace. "Mr. Carew, I'm afraid you are a sadly inattentive host.." "ITavo I neglected you, Miss Vincent?" "You have neglected Mrs. Roebuck, which is much worse. Sho will ho talking of your want of savoir vivro all over Mat- cbam." "Let her talk. She has been boring my mother with a cruelty worthy of-Torqun- raadn.. She forgets that torture was illegal in England even in Bacon's time. See, tbcv are all going away; but you and the General and Miss Edgefield must stay to tea, even if the Vicar is too busy to stop." Tho Vicar had vanished, to resume the round of parish duties, quite content to leave his Bessie in comfortable quarters. Tho Roebucks wero going, and the Morn- ingtons were following their example; but General Vincent had no objection to stop to tea if his daughter and Miss Edgefield de sired to do so. He was smoking a cheroot, comfortably seated In a sheltered part of the terrace— a corner facing south, screened from east and north by an angle of the house, where tho Mandarin room projected from the main building — and he was absorbed in a dis cussion of Indian legendary lore with Mr. Carew, who owned to some knowledge of Sanscrit, and had made Eastern fable and legend an especial study. StizeHe and her father stayed till nearly seven o'clock, when Allan insisted on walk ing homo with tbem, having suddenly dis covered that ho had had no walking that day. He bad beeu cub-hunting from seven in the morning til! nine; but ho declared himself in need of walking exercise. Lady Emily went with him to the gate, and parted with Suzctto as with a favorite of long standing. Allan was enraptured to see bis mother's friendliness with the girl he loved; and it was all he could do to re strain his feelings during the walk to Marsh House. Perhaps it. was only that gay temper of hers, that readiness to laugh at him and at all tho things in creation, which held him at a distance, lie had made up his mind that she was to be his— that if she were to refuse him twenty times in twenty capri cious moods of her light and airy tempera ment, there was somewhere / in her nature a vein of serious feeling, and by that ha would win her, and hold her. "You like Miss Vincent, mother?" be asked, that evening, when he was sitting with his father and mother in the Man darin-room after dinner. The evening was warm to sultriness, and there were several casements open in the long window which filled one end of the room — a window with richly-carved sashes and panels of cedar and latticework alterna ting with the glar-s. There was another window in tho western wall, less elaborate —a door-window— which formed the usual exit to the garden. This was closed, but not curtained. Tho largo room war. lighted only with shaded lamps, which lighted the tables and Hie spaces round them, but left the corners in shadow. Lady Emily was sitting at one of the tables, her fingers occupied with a large piece of work, which she carried about with her wherever sho went, and which, tn the eye of the uninitiated, never appeared to make any appearance towards complouon. It was destined eventually to cover Lite grand piano al Fandyke, and it was to be something very rare and precious jn the way or embroidery; the basis a lOllecHon of Breton shawl-pattern handkerchiefs, overlaid by Lady Emily with embroidery in mauy-eolorod silks and Japanese gold thread. Tho pleco of work was a devour ing monster in the matter of silk, and Lady Emily was always tolling her friends the number of skeins which wero required for its sustenance, and the cost, of the gold thread which made so faint an effect in tho Oriental labyrinth of palms and sprigs ami arabesques and medallions. "I'm afraid 1 shall never live to finish it," Lady Emily would conclude, with a sigh, throwing herself hack in her chair after an hour's steadfast labor, her eyes fixed in a kind of ccstacy upon the little corner of paint which site had encrusted with satin stitch and gold: "but if 1 do, 1 really think it will repay me for all my trouble." To-night her mind was divded between licr embroidery and her son, who sat on a three-cornered chair beside her, meekly threading her needles while he tried to get her to talk of Str/.otte. His father was seated almost out. of ear shot. at a table near the open window, reading the "Nineteenth Century' by the light of a shaded lamp, which shone full upon his lowered eyelids, and on the thoughtful brow and sensitive month, as he sat in a reposeful attitude in the low, deep chair. "Do T like Miss Vincent?" remarked Lady Emily, when sho had turned a critical cor ner in the leafy edging scroll. "I wonder how often you will make me tell you that I think her a very— no, Allan, the light peacock, please — not that dark shade — very sweet girl, bright, unaffected " "And exquisitely lovely," interjected her son. as he handed her the needleful of silk. "Ah, there you exaggerate awfully. She Is certainly a pretty girl, but her nose is— well. I hardly know how to describo it; but. there is a fault somewhere in the nose, and her mouth might bo smaller; but, on the other hand, she has fine eyes. Her man ners are really charming — that pretty little Parisian air which is so fascinating in a high-bred Parisian. But, oh, Allan! can vou really mean to marry lier?" "I really mean to try my hardest to a'diievo that bapoiness, and I shall think myself the luckiest man in Wiltshire, or in England, or In Europe, if 1 succeed." "But Allan, have you reflected seriously? She foils me that she is ;l Roman Catholic." "If site were a Fire-worshipper, T would run Hie risk of failure in converting her to Christianity. If sho were a Buddhist, T should be inclined to embrace the faith of Gua.ta.nui; but. since sho is only a con- former to a moro ancient form of the re ligion of which you and 1 are followers, I don'f. see why her creed should be a stumbl ing block to my bliss." Lady Emily shook her head sagely, and breathed a profound sigh. "Differences of religion are so apt to make unbapplness in married life." "I am not religious enough to dlsLresr. myself because my wife believes in some tilings that are incredible to me. We shall both follow the raino Master, both hopo for reunion in the same heaven." "Allan, slm believes in Purgatory. Think how inconsistent your idea of tlio future must be." Allan did not pursue (ho argument. He was smiling to himself at the easy way In which ho had been talking of his wife — their future, their very hopes of heaven — making so sure that alio was to be bis. He looked at. his father, sitting alone with them, but. not of them, and thought of his I'nHier's married life as he hud seen it ever since he was old enough to observe or understand the life around him; so peace ful, so in all things what married life should be; and over all there bad been that faint shadow of melancholy which the son hxul fell, from Ids earliest, years, that, ab sence of the warmth and the romance of a marriage where love is the bond of union. Here, Allan told himself, tho bond hail been friendly regard, convenience, the world's approval, family interests, and, lastly, tho child as connecting link ami chief point of sympathy. Lovo had., jbeon missing from Hie life I)!' yonder pale mudent, musing over half a doznn pages of modern metaphysics. Allan rose and moved slowly towards that, tranquil figure, and feeling the night-air cold as be approached that end of the room, he asked his father if ho would like tho windows shuL? "No, thank you, Allan, not. on my ac count," Mr. Carew answered, without, look ing up from his book. Had ho looked up, he would have seen Allan standing between tho lamplight and llm window like a man transfixed. A pale, wan faco had that moment van ished 111 tho outward darkness; a face ' which a momont beforo had been looking In at one of the open lattices; a faco which Allan recognised at the first gin nee. Ho went to tlio glass door, opened >t quietly, and went out to the terrace, so quickly and so silently, that bis disappear ance attracted no attention from father or mother, one absorbed in his book, tho oilier bunt over her work. Tho face was the face of Mrs. Wnrnook; and Mrs. Wornock must h somewh'-r be tween the terrace and the gates. Thorn was no moon, but the night was Hear. ;j;„| tho sky was full or stars. ARia w,.:i: swiftly round the angle of the houso to !iie terrace otitsido the largo window; inn q,,, figure that he had seen from witlnn wai no longer stationed outside I bo window. Th terrace was empty, lie went round to the front of tho house, whence the carriage drivo wound with a gentle curve to tin gates, between shrubberies of laurel and arbutus, cypress and deodara. Yes, the figure he hud expected to vanished round the curve of the drive as ho drew near the porch— a slender figure in dark raiment, with romct.hing wlma about the head and shoulders. H« rati along the drive, and reached the gate iuri in time to see Mrs. AVornock's brougham | standing in the road, at a distance of about fifty yards, and to see Mrs. "Wornock open the door and step in. Another uiumt-m nml the carriage drove away. Allan had no doubt as to tho motive of this conduct. She had come by stealth 'o look upon the face of the man whom she had refused to meet in tlio beaten way of friendship. CHAPTER IX.— SO GREW MY OWN SMALL LIFE COMPLETE. After tho Incident of that September night thero was no longer the shadow rf doubt in Allan's mind as to the relations between his father .and the lady nt combe Manor. Thai they had known each other, and loved each other, in their youth, he was now fully convinced. This last strange act of Mrs. Woniock's#was, to his mind, tho strongest link in the chain of evidence. Whatever the relations between them had been, guilty or innocent— aud. fondly as lie loved his father, he feared there had been guilt in that association-- it was his duty to prevent any ntucUng between them, lest tho mere sight of that pale, spiritual face, with its singular youth- fulness of expression, should rc-awakcn In his father's breast some faint ghost of the passion that had lived and died a quarter of a century ago. Nor did his respect for his honest-minded, trustful-hearted mother permit him to tolerate the idea of friendly intercourse between her and this myste rious rival from the shadow land of vanish ed years. He took care, therefore, to dis courage any idea of visiting the Manor; and be carefully avoided any further talk of Mrs. Wornock, lest, his father's closer questioning should bring about tho disclo- sure of her identity. I lis father's manner, when (ho lady was first, discussed, bar) shown him very clearly that tho descrip tion of her gifts and fancies coincided with the memory of someone knwon in the past; but it had been also clear that neither Hie. name of Wornock, nor the lady's position , at. Diseornbn. had any association for Mr. f'nrew. If Im ha.l known am: loved her in tile past, ho had known ami loved her be fore she had married old Geoffrey Wor- 1 1 is anxiety upon his father's account was speedily set at rest, for Mr. Carew — after exploring his son's small and strictly popu lar library, where, among rows of hand somely bound standard works, there were praelioally no books which appealed to the scholar's taste — soon wearied of unstudiou.s ease, and announced a stern necessity for going lo London, where a certain defunct Hebrew scholar's library, lay and ecclesias tical, was to he sold at Hodgson's. Ho would put up for a few days at the old- fashioned hotel which ho had used since ho. was at! undergraduate, potter about, among the bookshops, look up some references he wanted in the Museum reading-room, ami meet his wife at Livcrpool-sireei on her way home. Lady Emily, absorbed in her son and her son's love affair, agreed most amiably to this arrangement. "Telegraph your day and hour for retur ning, when you have bought all t bo bonks you want.," sho raid. "I'm afraid you spend moro money on those dreadful old books, which nobody in Suffolk cares a straw about, than I do on my farm, which people como to see from far and wide." "And a great nuisance your admirers are, Emily. I am very glad the Suffolk people are no buok-lovcrs. and I hope yon will never hint to anybody that my books are worth seeing." "I could not say anything so untrue. Your shelves are full of horrors. Now, Al lan's library here is really delightful- - 'Blackwood's Magazine' from i'ho begin ning, Macaulay. Scott. Dickens. Thackeray. Bulvver, Lever, MarryaL — and all of them so handsomely bound! I think my brother showed excellent taste in literature, though I. doubt if he ever read much. But as you seem happier in your library than any where else, l suppose one must forgive you for spending a fortune on books that don't intorst anybody else. And one can't help being a littlo bit proud of your scholar ship." And so they kissed and parted, with the unimpassioned kiss of marriage, which has never meant more than affectionate friend-- ship. L:uly Emily siood at the hall door while her husband drove off to the station, and then turned gaily to hor son, and said — "Now, Allan, I am yours to command. Lot us see as much as possible of that sweet young thing vnu are in love with. Khali we go and call on her this afternoon? She has n white cat which may some day provide her with kit.tens to di<stributo among her friends, and. if so, I am to have one Id bring up by hand as I did Snowdrop. You remember Snowdrop?" Allan kissed his mother boforo bo an swered. bur. not for Snowdrop's sake. "I have a vague recollection of something whito and fluffy hanging to the skirt of your gown, that I used to tread upon." "Yes. you were horvid. You very nearly . killed him. Shall we go?" "Please, please, please, mother dearest.. T am ready this instant. Three o'clock. We shall get there at half-past, and if we . loiter looking at white kittens, or tho mother of tho4 potential kittens, till lialf- pnst four, she -will give us tea, and we can make an afternoon of it." "Hadn't i bolder put on my bonnet, Allan?" "No, no. You will go iu your hat, just as you are. You will treat her without t.lin slightest, ceremony — treat, her a-s your daughter. Do you kuow. mother, I am un commonly glad you never honored tuo with a sister." "Why, Allan?" Because, If I marry Suzette, sho will bo your only daughter. There will be no ono to be jealous of her, in Suffolk or hern." "What a foolish fancy! Well, givo rut: a ' daughter as soon as you like. I am getting old, Allan, and your father's secluded habits leave mo very often alone. 1 1 is books arc moro his companions than I tun "Ah, but you know how ho loves you, mother," interrupted Allan. They were, on their way to the gate by this lime, I>ady Emily in her travelling hat. and loose tan gloves, just a.s she had been going about the gardens and meadows in the morning; Allan twirling his stick in very gladness of heart. They were going to her. If she wero out they would go and And her; at her aunt'?, at the Vicarage, on the links yonder; any where but at Discombe. He hoped she hud not gone to Discombe. "Yes, he is fond of me, I believe, in his own way. There never was a better bus- . band," Ladv Eiully answered, thoughtfully. "But I know, Allan! 1 know!" "What, mother?" "I know that T was not bis first love — I was only a pis aller — that there is .some thing wanting in his life, and always must be till Hie end. 1 should brood over it all, perhaps, Allan, and end by making myself very unhappy if it were not for my farm; but all those living creatures occupy mu mind. One living fox terrier is worth whole picture gallery." (To ho continued.) 