WAY OF THE WORLD. Political Pepper and "Social Salt (By the Hen Editor.) Everybody, with tho oxcoption of a few "friends of Labor," was pleased to seo Aikman, the ex-manager of the Daily Ghost, honorably ncquitted. Tho abortivo prosecution has thrown a vivid light on Labor transactions, and should bo a warn ing to all tlioso hysterical visionarios and inexperienced youths who hunger to do something for the cause. ft "Working for t.lio "causo" is all right enough for a certain class of parasites who would rather live by loafing upon honest labor than by, honest labor personally appl iod, but the oxcited individual who gets a mission to hasten on tlio millennium by .any hot-housing social process, from Socialism to singing liymnH, will always find plenty of folks to put him in front as a target while they stay out of raugo to look after the gate-monoy. ft "Tom" Slattery's banquet, due on the 5th prox., is goiug. to.be one of the most successful feeds yet perpetrated in Sydney. Judging only from his personal appearance, no man in New South Wales wants a good all-round substantial feed moro than the ox-mcmber for Burrowa. " As thin as Tom Slattery " iB n familiar term of speech in this country. Why -the man should have remained so hungry- looking after all thoso fears of famo, office, and success is one of theso problems which still continue to vex thp minds of- students of political economy. About the most reasonable theory I have heard .offered is that the Hon. Thomas pinca for a knighthood. Anyhow, it is to bo hoped that with all the good wishes ho takes with hiin on his retirement from 1 offlco and all the good things and the rest they ought to give him at- tho banquot, ho will put sotno flesh on his classic jaws. Talking of celebrities and stomachs, it turnsoutthatCarrington, who was six times moro popular than Duff as a Governor, can swallow a bottle of Bordeaux in Usee. This is bis star performance, and it reflects great crpdit on the near fellow, but I . would not" be . surprisod to hear that ' Carrington could- swallow a camel. Why, : lie could even "got over tho local rumo- cracy. . - . .. Death -lias; rung down the black curtain -' upon one of tlie bnivcBt soldiers of the age -in -the person of Marshal Ciuirobert This 'deceased marshal belonged to 'tho old scliool of fighting — non-political soldiers— and had lie been born just -a generation earlier he might hnvogono down in history as one of Napoleon Buonaparte's biggest Generals. . The days of warrior Generals huvb, however," gone' for ever. Tho men "who will win the battles of tho future must know how to play chess ! » Ifc- is anticipated that Her Most Gracious Guelph's assent to tho Victorian Governor's Salary Reduction Bill will bo rofused. If so I would strongly recommend tho Vic torians to memorialise the throne, sug gesting that Her Most GraciouB make up the deficiency per annum, as the finan cial condition of the colony will not permit any luxuries in the way of Governors. Onco again, why can wo not got our Governors from among our own people ? Reid ought to insert " Local Governors with Republican Saueo" on his Parlia mentary bill of faro. The plank would bo an immensely popular one — particularly with prominent political " probables." # Moro troublo ill tho Islands ! Recruiting vessels recently roturned thorefrom re port various rows aud shooting incidents. On some of the islands visited tho natives appeared to have an unaccountable objec tion to being recruited and civilised. This is decidedly wrong. The guileless savage should be brought to his bearings without farther delay. He should not be allowed to show his disapproval of his white brother by shooting at tho latter in a gonornl manner from behind his own cocoanut tree. Ho wants more Christian culture, and grand pianos, and telo'- phones, and tilings. In order to settle tho Island difficulty inoru spoodily, aud with a greater amount of humanity and consideration for the savage, the three great powers most interested in that territory, or to jointly defray the expense of an expedition, armed with Maxim guns and repeating rifles. Tho expedition, accom panied by two or three men-of-war, could go from island to island until it had wiped tho kanaka clean off the face of tho earth. Then tho Powers could divide the country between them. This mode of procedure "would bo a lot more in accordance with Christianity than the present slow and painful process of nigger extermination, which " civilised " Europe is carrying on all over the globo. « o e Tho Gorman Emperor has ordered the army to decornte with oak loaves for a period of four months tho guns and the standards used in tho struggle with France. How sweet! Bat France must retaliate in Borne manner or another, or else the national honor . will be let down with a bump. Tho Eroncli authorities have 0110 or two courses open to them. They can send the German army presents of homo- made sauerkrauts, or else turn thoMarsoil- laise into a German waltz. All tlio patriotic Frenchman asks for just at present is an opportunity of grabbing tho High Deulsher by tho throat Franco is rapidly earning another licking at the, hands of GormAiijjov else'sho will pay off . old scores. Anyhow, tho long- expected Europoan war, when it does come, will bo a good thing for tho newspapers. Pleaso pass tho war 1 Roar Admiral Bridge appears to bo somewhat of an authority on English history. Ho also considers the' >! Iniauti- ful 'arbor is " absolutely ) . lfoo All tho staff of this paper bugs L.. remain greatly roliovod. We dreaded that the groat Admiral would havo put on a con demnatory qualification relating to Pinch- gut, or tho naval buildings at Garden Island. Neit-hor of thoso two beautios, nor tho Circular Quay scwor, will, thoroforo, noed to bo sacrificed to tho ie3thotic tastes of a rear- admiral. « . « Up at Fern mount while fishing tlio other day, a boy hauled up a human jaw on a lino. It is supposed to bo the roinains of a man who was drowned in the floods 'of 1891..- It was a lower jaw,- with tooth' complete and well prosorvod. Tho nowly- formed A inateur Fish ing Association ought to tako the matter up. It is not fair, that amateur fishermen should go round about the local cemeteries fishing up tho remains of otlior people's relatives 'in this way. . Any youth who wants a ghastly sort of ainusoinont of that character ought to apprentice himself to an undertaker. It may be taken for granted that- tho Forn- niount boy was fishing on a Sunday. Tlie Labor Electoral Leaguos have added tlio following planks to their political platform, which is already top-licavy and wobbly with the heavy-weight of ""re forms " : Ownership by tho State or local government bodies of such works as rail ways, tramways, water supply, public lighting, or other works for the good of tho community; oxclusion of inferior alien races ; a graduated tax on incomes, and a further graduation of probate dulies; and vesting the liquor traffic in tho State. The Leagues ought to define what tlioy mean by " inferior nlion raceB," otherwise tlio latter might be taken to includo Par liamentary pimps and Labor tenters. " Vesting tho liquor traffic in tho St-alo " is a -direct bid for tlio symp athies and votes of the anti-drink organisations, and a distinct proof that Labor in politics has grown too weak to stand by itself. The result of , the recent Burrowa election has shown that Labor 'as a living political power in Now South Wales oxists no lougor. It's doom was sealed in that hour "when the' first Labor Party (the great political inight-have-heon) mot to olocfc a leader and enconnterod too many individual ambitions to succeed. » A danger to navigation exists between here and Newcastle; it "looksMike.sevornl logs and trees lashed toget-hor." Perhaps somebody's timber yard lias got adrift. They ought to tako the Marino Board out to have a look at it-. There wus tremendous talk last Parliament about effecting a great reform in tho Marino Board. Wc haven't heard anything about it lately. Wonder why?" ft ft .»": At a scratch race meeting up tho. N.Z. coast on Christmas Day amongst tho natives, tho Consolation Rico was for all beaten hories. A well-known and popular cross-country horseman who enjoys a good joke, having his stables near at hand, sent for ono of his liorsos that lmd not taken part in any of tho races, and started him, and his moke won handsomely! Of course there was the inevitable "process," hut ho bluffed thom tliat as liis Carbine had run once (at another meeting) and had boon beaten, lie considered lie was eligible to compote. » A member of the Russian sncrot police, who' is short-sighted, happened to notice a placard at the top of a lamp-post in St. Petersburg. Naturally his official soul was" alert on the instant. " Great Scott ! ! he oxclaimod — in Rus sian, of course — "Here's an incendiary notice about His Majesty the Czar ! I must liavo it down." He climbed up the post and brought it to' earth, whore by the light of tho lamp above he spelt out the following dangerous Revolutionary and Nihilistic motto : "wet paint." Another ad. from a daily contemporary : — WANTED Known, Lithgow Ironworkers nro again out on atriko. . Ironworkers rcqnestod to keep away. H. DAN IELS, Soc. That kind of ad. is just tho thing to bring men who nro out of work and want a job. ft ft w A chance for charlie. She (swootly) — Yon ought to Bhave off your eyebrows, Charlie. ' . He (surprised) — - Why ? What's tho matter with them? Don't thoy suit me ?" . Sho — Oh, it's not that; but if;you'cut them off it would give your moustache so. mucii move prominence, you know. ... r » "Xonoplion" on tho mountains. Seo Sunday .Times to-morrow. 