URSULA'S TRIAL. cuorER vI (CONTI(UED). Unasam was standing beside her lover when the others came in. "Aunt and Cousin John, Lord Leigh wishes to bid you both good.bye. He is going abroad again immediately, and when he returns I have told him he will find as all glad to welcome him as a friend." She laid unmistakable emphasis on the word. Even Mrs. Warner understood there was an end to everything; but there was no explanation until the two women were alone. Lord Leigh stayed a little longer, resting his head upon his hands, while Ursula sat and watched him. Her face had, John thought, an in. spired look. Her eyes were full of inexpressible tenderness; it was like a mother's over a suffering child. Passion burns itself out, personal attachment dies, love itself perishes; but this tenderness over anything once loved, in some hearts lives for ever. It is indestructible. Lord Leigh rose to go. Ursula said she would walk with him a little way, and he sat down without opposition. He seemed to be totally guided by her. Once-as if some irritating thought could not be controlled-John heard him whisper "I cannot consent to snobh a thing; you must not tell her." " I must ; it is only right. Nothing is so fatal in love as concealment of any kind. I must tell her every. thing." " Ursula I" " You are not afraid of me--of me, Guy ?" At this, the only semblance of re proach she had ever allowed to pass her lips, he gave way at once. "Only write to me; you promise you will do that? The suspense will be intolerable until you do." "I will write once.' " Not again ?" " No; never again." Something-in her tone struck him. He saw a little-just a little-into her heart. "One word-tell me, I have not made you unhappy ?" Ursula paused for a moment before she answered: "I do not believe that God in His goodness would allow any one of His creatures to have the power of making another unhappy. With His help I shall soon be happy again." "And you forgive ? Oh I Ursula, if you could only look into my heart and see how utterly wretched I am I" "That will pass." Then with the smile of a saint overcoming the last vestige of human passion, she bent over him and kissed him on the fore bead. It was the first kiss she had ever given him, and the last. Then they went out of the house together, walking slowly, arm-in-arm, through the quiet streets, where lamps were being lit in the small parlonrs, and children fetched in from play to go to bed, and hardworking husbands watched and waited for. Close to the dusty suburban road there is a retired little nook enclosed at the back of the parish church. It is shut in by an iron-railing, through which thescent of flowers which grow near the gates can reach the parser' by. At the corner of this railing, just under the gate, Lord Leigh and Ursula stopped. It was hero, as near the grave of her dead love, she bade him good-bye. John, who had followed them at a distance, saw their hands clasp, then unclasno. He went towards town. She walked slowly back without turning. She was right. On the pathway, which with her here ended, we return no more. One heart bled for her, one faithful friend was near her. Still at a die. tance John followed her back to Paragon Row. But she passed the door, thence up streets and down streets, with a paeo sometimes rapid, sometimes heavy and elow. She went on and on, no if ooeking to escape from her thoughts. Once, as eHo came near the river, John trembled. Could it be that the balance of the fine mind was upset for so poor a thing as a man's love-and such love, unstable as water--a love which had waned and gone down before the absence of two years? John, in his long, much-enduring love, scoffed at such a pretence of passion. At last Ursula turned and retraced her stops, and came back to the little eometery where Lord Leigh had left her. There for sosme minutes she stood lenning against the railing looking across over the graves. John lot her stand. " Better," he thought, "that she should bury her dead out of her sight." Who is there amongst us who has not at some time done likewise ? Who in there that in all this busy world does not own some grave ? .John crossed over and touohed her on the arm. " Ursula I" "John, take me home-take me home." OrAPTER VII. John took Ursula " home," There was in signifleance in those words. In saying them we soem to include the story of those two lives. Etor nally and internally from that time forward they would have to depend upon one another. Knowing his eouein no well as he did, John was quito aware that her oharaotor was poonliar. Few amongst her uox would have noted no ilo had done. Few had the strong determined purposeo,whioh lay under that soft, apparently gentle nature. But few also weoroe endowed with so strong a capacity of suffering. Not that she gave way. heo bore horoioally, siloently her pain. Her air, her manner, convoyed to her couslin her deteirmintlios to' conquer in time, but there were times when be feared for her physical strength. He loved her so entirely that it was a great question which of the two soffered the most. The test of true attachment is when we prize a woman lose for her love than for herself, for that image of bright excellence which everyone should see shining before them like a star in the sky, although not always attainable. And John, who at first bhad worshipped Ursula in an abstract fashion, then nearer, recognising her weaknesses, not blind to her faults, yet never losing the reverence, the sense.of tender mystery which all who love should have for one another, now that she was in trouble greater almost than she could bear, took her burden of sorrow upon his own shoulders, giving her all the comfort a strong man's nature could give. And so the dreary time went by. Ursula had kept her word in regard to Lady Blanche. The girl's sad face had made it an easy task. Sitting one summer even ing in her old place by the piano, with her arm round her pupil's slender figure, the girl's eyes raised to here, her hands clasped upon her knees, Ursula told her everything. " It will be only for a little time," she said, " and for the future your life will be a happy one." She bent forward as she spoke, kiss. ing her gently. " The odious woman has given up all her rights," she said, with a strange smile,which some way haunted Blanche for days and poisoned for a little her renewed happiness. But from this time she was more tenderly loving than ever to Ursula. Soon however she left London, and her name was no more mentioned. If Ursula heard from her she said nothing, and no one broke the passive silence. At Michaelmas they left Paragon Bow-left it to a family of nine chil dren. The noise of their childish voices would echo in the rooms where Ursula and John had suffered their nights and days of mental torture; but such ghosts tell no tales. John had found a cottage some miles out of London, a sweet, peace ful, quiet spot, where in the spring and summer time a wealth of violets and roses would grow, where, too, Oharley could be out all day under the trees by the river and regain health and strength. "Oh how pleasant I" Ursula had said when she saw the fields and the flowers. " But what shall I do for my pupils ?" "You must give them up." Mast I" and she looked at him with a rebellious air. "If you please, Ursula, at least for a little time. If you will do this for me-look after my mother and Charley-I think they will give you trouble enough." " Oh John I" But she said no more. Day by day day her cheeks grow lees pale-her step lighter, day by day her trouble seemed to be borne less heavily. There is hardly any grief that cannot be endured better in the tranquillity of the country, amongst the fields and the flowers. About this time John fell ill. Strange that at one time he had almost craved for something of the sort, and now his wish was granted. He had often seen Ursula's care of others, her tenderness for Charley, her entire devotion to Mrs. Warner; but he had never experienced it hlm self until now; and every trivial cir cumetance, every word, every little not of every day of that most happy time of his illness remained vividly impressed upon his mind to the hour of his death. When he recovered it was winter. Thou time in its rapid gallop (espeoi. ally rapid to those who have left youth behind) brought round spring again, then summer. It was now a year since Lord Leigh had said his last words beside the Hammorsmith cemetery. A year since Lady Blanche had gone abroad. A year since John Warner bad taken his mother and Ursula to the cottage near the river. The lanes which led to the station were sunshiny and dewy; the walk was pleasant, and to John, who had a picture in his mind, it was especially so. They walked along ploeasantly, rejoicing in the sunshine and the day. Not a syllable had been heoard of the young nobleman; he mightl have boon dead or married, which was more likely-caught perhaps by some fair face which might have crossed his path abroad and taken his fiokle fancy. Bo thought John aomotimoe; he wee bitter egainet tho man who had trampled Ursula's noble, loving heart in the duet at hie foot. Ono day a letter oame to him to hie oflooe; ineido was a largo envolope directed" Mise Maroh." John roong uisod the writing-Lord Leigh's; how dared ho oven to write her name? Whait was he about now, coming to disturb again their poeaoofl home ? He carried tho letter all day in his pookot; it was a Saturday, and he did not go down to tboe ottage that evening. On the Sunday he wont and still he esaid nothing, for he could not boar to spoil hio Sunday walk through tho peaceful fielde. Uroula's opirito seemed peooolul aloo. She wees silent, but with a sort of holy calm about her as of one who lhad gone through a ahipwreok and was eighting land once more. Ho could not give her the letter and soo her on troubled waters again; but that evoning, after tea, Mrs. Wnrnor had fallen aoloop, Uraula sanid: "John, I have boon wanting to toll you comothing. You uont mo this paper on Friday last, did you know what wsee in it ?" " No." " Then road it. And John road: Married, at the Britih Embasly, Peril, Guy, DBron Loigh, to the Lady Blnocho Bidnoy, daughtero ol tshe arl and Countone Bidnoy, John folded the papor and returned it. As he did so his hand hoolk olightly, ho hardly liked to look at her poor strioken face. Her voice, how ever, we wonderfully atoOdy. "Do not grieve for me, John. I am glad they are happy. I knew it would end so, only somehow I did think they would have told me them selves." John took the letter from his coat pocket, and then he left her. There were two letters in the en velope. Ursula read them one after the other without moving from her place, without a tremble in her hand. She opened a little packet which was inside one of them. It was a plain gold circlet with two hearts pendant. One had the name Guy engraved upon it, the other Blanche. Ursanla put it on her finger, looking at it through the mist of tears which rose to her eyes and slowly ran over. "God bless them both," she said. "Thank God, I can say it from my very heart." That was all. Another year went by with little or no change, either to John, Ursula, or Mrs. Warner. Charley, indeed, had grown quite strong, and had been launched in business again. John's circumstances were every day improving. " They tell me if I were to start as a merchant on my own account I would make a fortune," he told Ursula one day. " Should you ?" she answered, with a smile of such perfect frankness as showed at once her total ignorance of the desire which could alone make wealth desirable to him. So he put aside his wish, never re. ferring to the matter again, but plod ding quietly on in his own groove. By no means an unhappy man either. How could he be, seeing night and morning the one face which was a sort of heaven to him ? A quiet household, clean and home like; the two women of different ages, of opposite characters, looking to the return of the breadwinner, always ready with a pleased welcome, always full of anxiety for his comfort. Sometimes John would wonder if Ursula felt content with this quiet, uneventful existence; if her present life were Esulicient for her ; or whether, supposing her thoughts ever followed his course or dwelt over eo little upon him, she epeoulated was his life suffi cient to him. John was no coward. He never railed against the seeming hardness of his fate, nor dashed himself with impotent fury against the stony boun daries set up by that capricious dame against his chances of happiness. He bent his head to the inevitable, and held his course unflinchingly. Only once he was near giving way to human nature's natural outlet. A bitter complaint against the seeming injustice of providence in meeting out such different lote to different men, and this revolt, or rather I should say, approach to revolt, took place in the crowded thoroughfare of Oseapsido. It was an autumn evening, and John, who loved the river, was in a burry to catch the last breath of the September light for a row, when he was detained by a block in the street. It annoyed him more than it should have done. Of late he had grown strangely irrit. able, and this pair of floe chea nuts which stopped the crossing what right had they and their owners, caracoling lazily along the paths of life, to come and baulk us toilors of the earth out of our only possession our time ? John glanced at the occupants of the carriage; only two-a lady and gentleman smiling at one another. Young, handsome, happy-looking. When they had passed John know them- Lord and Lady Leigh. They did not see him, and he was glad of it. I am afraid the devil was very uppermost in John for many minutes after. to they were in England I Would they eeak Urania out ? Would she wish it ? Would she von turo to moat her former lover and soo his happiness ? John racked himself in conjectareo trying to measure a woman's nature by a man's, arriving at the usual masouline conclusion that men know nothing of the sex. His only certainty lay in her own words to Lord Leigh, which hbe (John) had never forgotten; they had been his comfort many a weary night when he had liatened to Urcula'e footsteps pacing her narrow room. Those words of heors had always returned to him: "I Heaven never allows to one human being the power of making another permanently unhappy." At the station he found Uraula waiting for him; she did that often now, and they would walk acrons the fields together, Derby-and-Joan fas hion. Not for worlds would John have disturbed their confidential re lations by any intruding word of love, and now on this autumn evening she told him her news naturally as a sister would to a brother. John could have smiled as the few quiet words solved all his doubts. "John, I had a letter this morning and an invitation which I should like to aooept. Can you opare a day and go with me to see Lord and Lady Loigh at Loigh Court ?" " Cortainly." So it came about, quite an if in the natural order of things, that aho knew they were in England, and evidently had no doubt no to her powera of on duranoo. The relief to John was worth all the pain his fears had given him. He came for Uroula one morning; she was in the garden waiting for him, and when abhe saw him her face had a bright look which to her conusin was worth untold gold. Urauln raid she believed that none but those who rarely had it could ap. preoiato the luxury of a holiday. " Then you think, Uraula, that a life of labor in beat ?" "I do, John; far the highest and noblest," '' More so, for inianneo, than that of a nobleman like Lord Leigh ?" Her reply was grave and a little reproving: "Lord Loigh's is, and will be more no an ha grown older, a noble life too. I have alwaya been ouro of that. He alwayi reminded me of a gallant, brave chip, which woe blown here and there for want of Pr Etrong anchor. I think he hes found that now in his wife's heart." " Then you think that a man's life is never complete without a wife ?" "That depends. But he is one that requires a softer influence. He needs to be happy to be truly good." "I used to think the same myself once, but now it seems to me other wise." " These characters approach nearest to perfection in whom real goodness is the first object';vhbo, living up to the standard they have fixed for them selves, and never flinching from their duty, leave all else in the hands of the Almighty and trust him with all their happiness." Thus talking they reached the sta tion. Ursula put her purse into John's hands; she was resolute in her independence although she generally found it unavailing. "Remember, second class," she said. But John returned with first-class tickets. " We are not going to travel second any more," he said quietly, and Ursula with a laugh submitted. When they had got into the carriage and were whirling through the country, she grew silent and sat quite still, watching the flying landecape. John from his corner watched her face in tently. No longer by acy flattery, not even a lover's could it be called a young face, the roundness gone, the colour ing faded, the features enlarged and too distinctly marked. It was noble still, but no longer beautiful, unless with that mellowness which often comes when the summer-bloom is past. Some faces have this charm-for charm it is, that repose and sweetness indicating total resignation to youth's departure perpetually looking forward to that which alone gives permanent peace, the rest which is beyond earth's fleeting joys, the pleasures which are for evermore. The train stopped at a wayside station, a carriage was waiting and a gentleman came quickly to the plat form. " Miss Marsh I Mr. Warner I" He held out a hand to each and, holding Ursula's still in his, took her upon his arm and talking quickly, led her into the station. "Blanche is here," he said, " and longing to see you." So the interview was over. They met, not without emotion certainly, but only as much as was natural to two old friends, meeting after an absence of some years-of sentiment not a particle, not one. Blanche, poor, tender, loving, happy Blanche was the most affected. She fell upon Ursula's neck and cried, and laughed again after a few minutes; she looked radiantly happy. Then they all got into the carriage and drove back to the Court. It was a lovely spot in the beautiful Kent county, not far from Roohester, the garden of England, this old family seat of the Leighs, and with these two fit owners of it all who seemed to fit the position as if they had been speci ally created for dreamland, for so it appeared to Uroula, like some spot one would see in one's dreams. The day passed quickly, with only the four to amuse one another. " We asked no one to meet you," Lord Leigh said, " we wanted this first visit to have you all to ourselves; and, besides, we don't intend to give our. selves up to society just yet. We feel as if we could never have enough of solitude." His natural, unconsoious " we," his look at his wife, told Ursula she was right; his last love had boon the true one; he had anchored his ship in safe waters. "Yes, she looks well, and, I think, happy,' he said to Ursula, his eyes following the light form of Lady Leigh, as she walked with John Warner; "and I think, Ursula, every day she grows like you." This wan the only time he called her by her name, or that his voice took anything of the old confidential tone; the only time either that Ursnla'o face altered a little, although only for an instant. All through that day no angel could have worn a more serene expreseion than did Ursula's face. They walked altogether to the station, Blanche olinging in her old way to her dear Mies March. The last eight John and Ursula saw of them was standing on the platform, Lord Loigh raising his hat with his peculiar air of stately polite. nese, Lady Leigh kiining her hands in her pretty, ohildish fashion, until the train sworving out of the station hid her from view. Ursula closed her eyes, as if to shut in the picture and keep it there. After a minute she opened them, and met her cousin's rather anxious gaze with a frank, open emile. "Have you enjoyed your holiday, John ?" "Yes; and you ?" "I have had a pleasant day. I was so glad to see them again." They were alone in the carriage. Ursula leant back in her onat, her hands crossed idly upon her knees. John took one of them in hin. " Something very good has hap. poned to me," he said, "that I should like to conault you about. Shall I do so now ? " Shie sat forward and listened. Thou he told her how his kind friend who had made him partner was ill, dying, and that only yesterday he had sent for him that he had loft him the whole busineso on the condition the old name was pToperved. "You can add yoar own to it, and hand it down to yo.ur children," he said. " Not that thio portion much mattere," John added, " a0 I am not likely to mirry ; but one of the boys will do no of couroo." There was another paneo. Ursula had not even congratulated her consin, unloan a.eilout, preseuro of the hand 'which hold hera would boe Oounted as euoch. "You said you wished to consult me ? " she asked presently ; " enroly you could not refuse a?poh a gift P' sJolhq grao irapp'R Wýr?y, sigh, "There weas a time when wealth would have been very pleasant to me; it would even now, under certain con ditions." " What conditions, John ?" But John did not tell her; he felt angry with fortune which had given him such plentiful store and refused him the one thing he most wanted. He lifted her silently out of the carriage when they reached their destination, and walked with her through the solitary starlit lanes without a word. When they got home they found that Mrs. Warner was gone out with Charley, so John Eat down before the fire which burned pleasantly enough on this autumn evening, and resting his head upon his hand gave himself up to reflection. When Ursula came downstairs presently, with her bonnet off, in her smoothly - braided hair, and fresh frills at her throat and wrists, she made a discovery of a change in the room, which John in his absorption had forgotten. She looked at him and he assured her look. "Yes; but I had ordered that piano before this news came. Now, Ursula, you shall have the finest in strument money can get; try this little one and tell me how you like it." "How kind you are t" Not another word; no folly of ob ligation. If there had been, if she had not taken it quite naturally, as I would have wished to see her take a mountain of diamonds, I should very likely never have said another word. She Eat down playing for some time, John sitting by the fire. Pro. sently she began a slow, pretty air. " John, do you remember thie ?" Did he remember it, and the sunny afternoon at Brandreth Hall, when Lord Leigh was expected, and the fair young girl at the piano 2 Oh no! oh no! Sir Guoy ot Lsigh, For that'. a thing that manes be l My fsate with you I canas dreg, For I am pledged Here her voice trembled. A low, weeping sound reached John at the fire-place. Sometimes when a vase is very full, a touoh, the shadow of a tounah, and over it runne. John was beside her in a moment. "You don't mean to say you are crying for that man ?" he said, with a fierceness so noew to him that Ursula drew back a little frightened. "If by that man you mean Lord Leigh," she said a little coldly, " he is, I assure you, nothing to me, beyond a friend in whom I have a sincere interest." She got up and came to the fire. John followed her. "It is pleasant," she said, " this wood-fire. I suppose when all this splendour comes to you, John, we shall never have such cosy times again." " Why not ?" She shaded her eyes from the blaze, which was burning cheerily. " I don't know," she said; " people are different some way when they are rich. Not that I think riches would change you, John." " Ursula, I have been making up my mind. I shall not take this money unless, as I said before, under certain circumstanoes." " But can you refuse, John ?" "Surely. I shall toll him to morrow to make a codicil and give it to an hospital, or he can choose another heir." " But this is folly, John." "By no moans. I have enough for myself, enough for my mother; if I take this fortune it would be for the sake of another." " And that other, John 2" " Surely you must know who it is, Ursula ? Who could it be but you my first, my last, my only love." " Me, John 2 me ? " She looked at him for a moment, and then it all seemed to come home to her. She drooped her head lower and lower until it fell upon his shoulder, and there upon that faithful heart she shed tears, which were not tears of unhappiness. John said no more. He was well content with this his first beginning; still more content when by degrees Ursula came back very muebh to her former self. Happiness is a wonderful beautifier; it has a better effect than all the cos motics in Bond-street or the best authenticated receipts for eradicating wrinkles. L3omo peoplo say thnt Ars. Loo Warner is munoh handeomer than Lady Blanche Loigh. But then, as Mrs. Cox always oays : " Look at tho way she dressee and the diamonds sho has, Fine feathors you know make fine birds." It is not the olothoe aho wears, nor the jewels, which give Ursala snoh a look of peaceful, serono happinoss. It is that olIo han at last anuhored her ship in safe waters. She has at last found a haven of rebt and happiness. TnE END. 