A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. One morning Arthur Heywood received a strange letter It was from his maiden aunt. Miss Maud Heywood. "Come at once," it eald. 'I nnm going t( die, and I want to leave 0ou my property It seems right to seo you first." Arthur had rneer ncot his Aunt Mlood,who lived by herself in a hoindome country reshlence, She had inherited it from ihe mother, while tihe boys-her brothers-were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father nhad been thie sriest and all lie had ever said of hir sister Maud was that some. thing sihe had done in early youth hoadi made them all nugry, and that they never saw each other, nad, for his part, he never desired to do so. Andt now,wheit Arthur Heywood was quite Alone in the world, this aunt had written to him. Ho expected to linid a witch.like old woman lying in her bell. Instead, when a strange, old, blaock servant.womr n Ihad opened the hdoor, he was ushered Ilelo a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of Iho shaded lamlps, scarcely looked old at all, snt in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. "You are a HeywoodI," she said. " You resemble your father, but ore lnot so stern, leolimn wa stern to crulty. Anil yoear mther is gone, too. Well. shie must leave had a hard life of it, unless he was kinder to her than to his sister. "There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feel. This estate oughtlto go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart is atle'cted. I shall tile very suddenly. At present lam not very ill, but it will be na '?- " Dn't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuablo, and, above all, I hIate hypocrisy. I haroe made my will in your favor. Stay until tihe last." With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then sIhe rang the bell andordered suipper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty. year.old nephew to his room, at ninoo'clock. as though le orad been a school.boy. It was a largo room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long Iloor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bedatocoe. Anight lamp etood upon the montel.piece; he lit tI before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be ltas? ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the Ie pernaturl. j'"It is all this talk of dying and of will and lcqacies," he said. ' I shall sleep it off." Ant, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly, And without being disturbed by so much as adtream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost. seer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with ilerce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on trer head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. Sh seccmed to be a nurse or a ser. vant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im. pression that his aunt was Ill. "IIavo you come to call me I" he asked. The woman camne t little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made hin I blood ran cohl; " that woman is dying." "'My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. "Your aunt," replied the figure. "It some one doesn't set to work at once she'll io without being hung. I want her hung." " This s a lunatic." thought Arthur. lie started to his feet, draping himself In a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under I the circumstances, but tihe woman was gone. lie went to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows r were bolted down. There was no possibility d of any one entering the room. Searching it 1 thoroughly, he made suere that no one was a hidden there, resolved that lie had bad a had i dream, anti comnlosed himself to sleep again, e wondering why imagination should play a such freaks on him. Hlowever, this dream, if dtream It were, was relteafoitd ibec timnes. Euci time the strange, dark woman expressed lher desire to see iMaud lHeywood hung, and declared that if it were not done it would soon be too late. His aunt was not a woman to. whom to n sepeat such a dream, even had she been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But the thiing neemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary he was in thie tabit of keeling, following it by some refllections aon dienaas. At last, however, he was awakened not by :a grost, brt by a rap on his door. llisaunm was dyingr.-a servant had como for him. , Wihen i reached liher room she was in. sensible. Sihe never spoke to him again. lie couhl not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to hirm, but he showed every mark of respect possible to ler memory. The funeral was largely ttelnded, rather from curiosity tihan any other feeling, for Miss leyweool had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and itr due course of time the will was read. II left everything to Arthur lleywtod, only son of her deceased brother, Sclim Hoywood, and with but one proviso: The garret shonui remain as it was, fastened by bolt nod lock and bar-never to be otpened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote tie testator. "Unless my neiphew will agree to this, lie cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, In case that he refuscs, directing thie dispositon to be made of tlhe house." llut Arthur Itad no hesilation in agreeing tothis whinm of his teald ount, who, doubt. less, had cornsigned to the garret some treasures of her youth wlich sthe did not wish to destroy. And lie took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a famtily, and still the garret remained closesd. A garret is a great loss to a hlouskeeper ; but whenever Mrs. leywood made this remark, her inus. band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." i \Vho will ever know I" she would urge. .WhVlo cares '" i "A cgdicill which I have never seen re. naens," Artihur would reply, i" Who knows what miight happten ?"a And so hils FIeotia did no more than peep t through the keyhole of this Ltlushenrd at chamn er. The nmystery was greater, however, to the y aurildrer, asset when thi e eldoat luy was ten a years old it had oceurred to himn that nom thlg couuld hbe so deliblt ful as t peep into b that garret, in whilch might bhe hldlen all g sorts of wonderful treasureros. And so one day, by moans of a latler nose fruit.ptikers had lefit ner the iouse, re gaiiued the sloping roofl, nead reacred tileo dormer window. I'erchled on thie sill, hIe ,toeed InI I but alttho anloelrit thie ltider slippedl . I rumaianed on thie window lodge, sureinitg for help, and the frult.lekbc, hbearilng tin, ran to his assistaoce. luowever, thouglh tiru bild hlad crept up the slolln rouo, the men could not enot himn and knrowig notlhing uof the tahboo which fothadlo the oelnsing of thebs garret deor one of therm bal le the rblld rc. ilain where hIe wnas ursil hIe eine, nnd uIshed up the stairaseo, fluIowed by all the htosehuhl. The door wn soo broken ina, Iro windlow opened, thie o lthl racseod. And tIler thIe weomrnn, whto untl now had forguttlol all Ibut hier Ihy's dnrgers took breatrh anli lotoked ibult Ier. The Knrrul was Iros ar eCO, ihung with olt garnteloia anrid nroulillg hideously, In one dark cerner layo c what loked lirke a bed. Upon it, whntt I 1'aurleach, to greo, intld to rissI wehliy fruir tIlu room was tile work of a mnoti. It was is skeletolt dlressed in a grey gown, ansl with a care utprn isn Il CInt, still covered with lonrl bilsck inilr, tit ilay thereyit Arthur lteywood wtt e iseirt Ilerstn hotto at the thus, e'Vllnte s olturrta:d ire totni tihe I ng so,.ehe ouLit detttr ottinttdt, Ihentd tIsn wifeu'soory alitnlst ht'r sinto Of titror entl proceeded ti o i he t sot, 'Itro hIe tlito l, tralsiilssd with l ihrser Int otinitsh(II nttltiti, The skuuitool srrpsn tire rII wrett e tt Icr.y dressn, thie whitte r , i wl hiid ti e strlghtu I blaok Iair etf Ihu Wmuotn t who had l, tearedt to him thrle Iun is I lloll, dulunlti, lig the eceulion ot his aunt, Maud Ileywool. \\\hatever this eanut, tlho discovery had been n public one, and so must thie erxplna. lion be. Arthur sent for the liropur authorities, and nalso for the lawyer in whoso possession was a codicil of the. will which hald given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil hall been envelopedl nnd sealed by Miss Malnd, who alone knew the contents. It contained these wolis : "This paper will only ie opened if the gorret is opened ..lio. In that case mly secret will ba known to those wilo areof my own age, for tlhere was inuchl c.tcitenleeit when Jane Jarrelle dlisallppored. Shil was well knownn in the neighborhood, nild but for letters which I wrote imlself and lc. hibited to ourious folk, the truth night have been suspected at the time. "Jano came to live with mle a house. keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I was' behothed to n iown1 I adored. My brother lllupet haled hilI . I l plared Jnne Jarvelle in tny house aoa i spy. Btle int.rcepted letters andt worked in onhil n way that miy engon;ement was broken ffll and ily hfe emnblltered. Mly lover left ime wills scorn, believing a fiVse tole, nrd unillried another. One day itisco. ered Jaou Jar. vello's treachely. I went In aaeici of iecr. I found, her in the garret. There we hal a elene, and tllere I ,munlered her. I sltbbed her to tIe headl. She lived only longenoough toshrlk : "'I will haunt the house until you are hung for this I' "She has done it. I have seen her. lllt I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garrel, dismissid Ily servants in a bolly, andi gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane hall been dismissed for dishoncbty. I did not lie. " lMy brother, tlupDrt,cros.questioned me, and maule great search for Jane Jarrello; the others were never good to me. Ours was an unklindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To hlis only son ' have left all. Let him pity lc. " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, oever at rest, never at pIac?, pursued for ever by dread of n horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what has my life been ? Again I eny-pity. o, and pray for me." 