A TRAVELLER'S NOTE BOOK. Social Condition of Southern Italy. Habits of the People. . / Clothing: and Custom. (B; D.R.) In tormer papers the social condition of the native races of Egypt and Palestine was briefly skoiched. In these countries the condition of the great mass of the people is very low indeed, from the hatred of western improvements, the result of many centuries . of bad government, from religious' prejudices and hatred oi the Frank and all his ways, front the gross - corruption that obtains among Government officials, from the highest to the lowest, and for the want of capital to provide the means for harnessing tho powers of nature to holp man in his labour, and also tho lack of intelligence to diroct his 'efforts so as to get tho host re sults. Tho sheltors are mere hovolB — pig sties would bo the better term— thoir food is of the coarsest in quality and scanty in supply; of clothing ihoy have next to none. Homo comforts are utterly unknown. Of pleasures and amnsementB they have none. Their lot is a dreary ronnd of labour for seven days per week. Their life is just a bare existence, very little better than that of the higher animals. I havo seen hundrods of villages of these people and boon in dozens of their habita tions. These woro altogether with out farnitnro oi any kind, and the bed ding consists of some straw in a corner. Over this is spread the dirty clothing worn during the day. Evoa the tent of an Arab shiek, in which I passed one afternoon,- was no better. The wholo tribe, consisting of a score of tentB, could only muster a kind of wooden mortar and pestal, an old battered tin billy, and two small cups as the afternoon tea equipage for a party of seven visitors. This is the condition of many millions of human beingB in Turkey and Egypt. In theso countries the rulera and landowners are the inhabi tants ; the masses are little better than beaBts of burden. It is no uncommon thing to see men drawing ploughs and harrows, and I have seen a donkey and a woman dragging an eastern plough under a broiling Syrian sun. In passing over into Europo the scene is completely changed— the rover passes from a state of things which has continued fur thousands of years to what .is called modern civilisation. In glancing at the social con dition of Italy it will be oocessary to divide the country into two parts by draw ing an imaginary lino from .ast to west, about half-way between Naples and Rome, These two sections may be called Northern and Southern Italy. The latter was formerly known as the Two Sioilies. The general opinion in reference to this part of the country seems to be that tho masses consist of brigands, lazzaroni, loafers, pifforari, loangers. and thieves. Nothing could bo further from tne actual stato of matters. Occasionally pifferart and atory- tellors may be seen but very seldom, while the lazzaroni are extinct. Oi dishonest persons this part of Italy, like every other civilised country, Sydney to wit, with ita Butler and Dean cases, has its share, but offences committed by thia class are not so numerous, taking tbo nuni- bsr per thousand of inhabitants test, as they are in countries whioh look down on these pooplo as only semi- oiviiised. There is a good system of police, and iife and property are just as safe as in. London and New York. In travorsing the 400 miles between Brindiai and Naples and stopping at the towns and villages one has a fair opportunity of judg ing of the state of the people ; and the opinion formed on this part of the journey- was confirmed by a fortnight's stay in Naples. . ; The happiness and contentment of the masses ia often quoted as tho oriterion of a nation's status, and the goal to which all our civilisation should tend. Judged by our canons of ' happiness, extravagant ' habits, and greed of gold; it might be said that these poople stand low in tho social soalc. Are we sure that our standard is duitable for all the children of men ? Take the business men of Sydney to the extreme Dortb, among the Laplanders or Esquimaux, wonld they be happy in conforming to the ideas of these people as to what constitutes happiness and pleasuro ? Certainly not. Peoples, like individuals, have each their- own ideaB of happiness and contentment. In fact, I'thiak that it would be well if we in Sydney, and Australia generally, would take lesions from theso people in aeveral things. . As a rule the people, though they ard raok-taxed, and iu many casHR rack- rented, are a gay, light-hearted, and huppy-go- lncky race. The climate is very warm, with .very mild winters, the country is exceedingly fertile, and produoes almost everything necessary to support the in- habitants in comfott. The wants of the people are comparatively few, and at few of the artificial requirements considered necessary by Mrs, Grundy and those with whom she associates are evon known here, tho standard of living is fully up to what the poople expect, or even what tiioy wish for. Wine is produced in abundance. It ia the ordinary drink. It. is placed on the table at every meal, and used on almost every occasion. And yet with all this the Italians are, in every sense of the word, a sober people. I was in the country for noarly two months. I traversed it froin end to end, and crossed it twice from sea to sea. I have been in its places of amassment and the back slums of its large cities till midnight, and I can honestly Btate thatl have seen more intoxi cation- and signs of- the abuso of alcoholic drinks, in o'no hour in Sydney, London, Liverpool, Glasgow, or Edinburgh than I saw during the whole time I was in Italy. One Saturday in Liverpool, whiio walking along Furk-lane about 3 o'clock p.m., I saw four menlyiug on the road helplessly drunk in less than a mile. Thoy were ap parently wharf labourers, who when thoy got their week's earnings, had gone to tho giu Bhop and made beasts of themselves within an hour. In ooo obbo a woman with a baby in iter arms was trying to get the brute to go homo, but ns he was uttorly helpless she, with tho help uf a'passer-by, dragged him into a passage and loft him there. I have no doubt, from her wedding ring, that sho was his wife. This is no isolated case. I have scon thousands of the sums olass, oven in the small towns and villages. Would to God that those who speak tho language of Shakespeare and Milton would talce a lesson from and follow tho example of tho peoplo who dwell iu the Land of tho Fig and the Vino in this re- spoet. It is hero whoro one of tho groat leaks ot the wealth produced by tho Eng lish-speaking race lias. The country here is essentially agricul tural, and nearly all the peoplo are em ployed upon tho land. The towns, except ing Naples, Messina, Palermo and Brindiai, -which are tho soaports, are small, boing moroly centres where produce is brought to market and supplies obtained by tho cul tivators in the district. The country is in a high state of cultivation. Men, women and children are to be seen v/orking in the fields from " rosy morn till dewy eve." They are remarkably industrious. Evory foot of ground ia made to produce something. To make the most of the soil, wheat, barley, oats, &c.;, are sown ia rows. By this means thejghoo caa- be passed be. tween tho ranks . and tho soil kept perfectly clean. ' Around the fields, and in many cases in lines through them, are rows ! of -a hardy kind of tree. This is kept closely cut, leaving only a few short branches about 18in. loug. These 'carry ' onough loaves t'o keep tho troos alive, The 1 vines are trained over those. In tbo early summer tho country is a perfeot network of vines above, and a green carpet of grain below. The towns and villages aro fairly | cloan, and have a well-to-do air about them. Tho farm-houses stand in clusters, generally an a rising ground. They are white, and aro surronndod by protty gardens, in which aro fruit troos and brightly-coloured flowors. If I am justified in gensralisirg, from the few that I have visited in quest oi draughts of milk aud water, and in searoh of fruit, they are fairly furnished, and seem to bo as comfort able as bouses of tho danio olass (small tenant farmers) in England and America. I had no.meane oi visiting the houses of the bottor class of cultivators who till their own land. These will compare very favourably, both as to thoir modes of cultivation and their standard of oorofort, with tho general run of Australian small tenant farmers, among whom there is groat room for improvement, both as to cultivation and style of living. The Italian fanner, like his Australian brother, is sometimes troubled for tho want of water. The Italian, like tho Chinese, sinks wells and pumps up water by wind mills or borso-wheels. Tho people aro well clad, thongh the ont of tbe garments would cause a sensation if a few of tho wearers were to pass along George-stroet during tho hours when it is fashionable to "do the block." But they are certainly nono tho worse for that. It is merely a matter of taste and fashion. What would our grandparents say to the fashionable particoloured garments and tbe very small ladieB' bonnets of the present day were they to rovisit tho glimpses of the moon ? Or what would bo thought of a lady who would walk along any of onr thoroughfares with tho coal-scuttle bonnet and puffed gown of half a century ago. The food is principally vege table — bread, figs, fruit, a kind of porridge made by boiling wbeat grains, maccaroni and pulso of various kinds. To theBe nmy be added milk, eggs and eheose. Moat is kibo eaten, but much more sparingly than with as. In this they aro batter civilised than we are. The climate is something like our own ; yet we gorge ourselves with animal food, often three times a day, after the manner of our fathers, who lived in a country much colder than ours, and, as a conse quence, they needed more stimulating food. To judge ' by the articles exposed for sale in the shops, thoy are no stran gers to luxuries and titbits occasionally. 1 did not notice any of pinched facial appearance which is to be seen in English, Scottish and Irish towns and villages. All had the appearance of beiug well fed. The fleas and beggars of Italy are pro verbial. The former are caused by tbo heat of tha oliniate and the confined nature of many or the houses, I must have been for tunate, for I was not annoyed by theao small pests in any way. I suffered more in America frum them and others of their stamp than I did in Italy. The beggars are very numerous,' but this, at loast to a groat ex tent, is due to tourists themselves. Many give indiscriminately to almost everyone who asks, and thus children aud youthBfind it easier to got money in this w.ay than to earn it by their labour. I am lad to this conclusion that'beggars very seldom troublo tbo natives. Like mosquitos they swarm about straugers. Lot a party of tourists, many of whom drsns-like guys, appear and they are surrounded and followed, while .not a native ia. troubled, I have walked for days in a rather seedy suit of clothes and never had a-Bingio asker como near or look at me. . Beggars are not peculiar to . Italian soil. You "find -them wherever you go. I have been more pestered by this by-product of'civilisation in Edinburgh and Glasgow, than ever 1 was in Italy. . The larming population spend much of their timo in the opon air. In townB the houses are very high, consisting of from, fivo to 10 storeys; These are let out in suites of rooms varying from, one to as many as you cau pay for. Except for cooking purposes there are no fireplaeos. The evils iacident to- this system of: living are remedied or counteracted to a' great extent by tbe great number of restaurants. Meals are carried from these to many houses, butagreat num ber have their meals in these places often outside on tho footpaths under awnings. Ail the larger towns are lit by electricity and gas, tbe smaller always by gas. All classes can thus spend, most of their time in the open air. Many of their motnods and tools are very primitive, but vast improvements in everything ' have been made - since 1360, when Garibaldi and his volunteers marched in triumph over this part of Italy. Iu tho short space of 35 years the oonntry has made-wonderful strides/ If the accounts of travellers who visited these parts 40 years ago are to be relied on the place has com pletely changed for the better. Therq.is a deal yet to be accomplished, but as the work of improvement is still going on those who wish to Bee tho fow remaining traits of Southern Italian life had bettor pay their visit as Boon- as possible or they may be too late. Tbo Italians of the sunny south will havo become liko the dwellers in the north. Two of theso primitiro customs may bo noticed here. In Naples and to the south of that city,, the ramble of the milk cart is un known. Great flocks of goats (say about 50 iu each) with bolls round their, nocks, and herds of from fivo to 10 cows, oach one with her oalf tied to her horns, aro driven through the' Btreets ovory morning and even ing; These are milked in the presence of the purchaser. Dairy inspectors are not re quired, and the cow with the iron tail has not a ghost of a chance. The other cuotom is that, oxcept in tbe principal thorough fares, all trades are carried on in tho open air, .generally On the footpaths. Amidst tho throng of passers-by everything that can be done under what Mrs. Parting- tons would call, the " oanister of heaven," is going forward. The 'cobbler, the tailor, the joiner and the barber are all at work. The writer sits at his desk, and his em ployers stand beside him, dictating with a most serious face the inmost secrets of thoir hearts, which they aro unable themselves to commit to papor. A decrepit old woman is screaming out a hymn, which she has been ordered to do as a penance, whilst her voice is lirownod by that of a quack doctor, who is recommending his medicines as infallibio remedies for all diseases, just as the same gentry used to do at Paddy's Market a few years ago. - Jugglers aro playing trioks, females are stuffing mattresses, cleaning vegetables, plucking poultry, soouring pans, washing babies, combing each other's hair, fitting on drosses and trying bonnets and hats on those who havo oruorod them. All thia goes on in tho opon street in broad daylight amid tho rumbling of carts and the boisb of cabs and coaohos, tho shouting, swearing and Binging of tho drivers and passengers. It is a perfect babblo of chatter and talk. There is now an excellent notwork of railwaj-B owned by Government all over ;he country. Tho fares are about 2Jd first- class, ijd second-class and Id third-class per mile.' Every town of any size bus a ' fair, horse tramway system. TheBe are run by tho municipal authorities. Tho cost of riding, is about a ponny per mile. The people were formerly very ignorant, but thanks to the public Bcnool system of the country this doteot is boing remedied as fast as possible. In I860 very fow coald : either read or write. Now about 60 per cont. can road, and about 45 per .corn, can both read and write. Sunday morning ia tho groat marketing time. Then everything is in full swing, in the aanio manner as iu Sydney on a Saturday evening. I havo ofton seen a housekeeper, with her pur chases in a net, entor a church, kneel, say her prayers, nud rotire in a few miDutes. This duty is often performed at a wayside sbrine. The churches aro open from daylight till about liulf-past 12 p.m. During all this time services aro guing on. All come, go and stop just as it suits them; Servants wiping their hauds on their aprons, hodmen, maBons, bricklayers just from tho job, enter, stay a few minutes and go away to poceoed with their work. ' Very fow etay a fall service, which usually lasts about 20 minutos, Thsre is ono stream oontinnallv entering and another leaving tho church. 