A CHAT WITH AN ACTOR . A representative of the Westminster Gazette had an interesting chat with Mr. Lionel Brough, a well known London comedian, just as he was leaving England last month for Cape Town whither he was going for the fourth time on a professional tour. "If you want to know," remarked Mr. Brough after some preliminary conversation, "about my long petticoats age—although I have played in frocks since — every low comedian does that, you know—you must ask, as the boys say in the drama, 'my mother.' I fancy, although the dear old darling is—I said good- bye to her last night—92, and every faculty still perfect, she will be able to tell you that 'Lal' was a perfect baby. "Like Jack-in-the-box, I suppose the next question you will put to me is — Where do I live? Now, look out of the window. Quick! Do you see between the chimney pots that old tree ?" We were whirling at express rate through South Lambeth. "Well, that tree in in my garden—the house is tho one in which Fauntleroy, the forger, used to live. It he been my home for 25 year. When I first hung up my hat in the hall the house wan a delightful suburban villa-Lambeth was all gardens then. Actually now I am built up. "Born an actor? Every man is born an actor, or circumstances may qualify him for one. Like the Siamese babes, mine was a twin lot. I was in the fryingpan of the drama from the beginning and naturally, like most lovers of Thespin, presently I popped into tho fire. But a good deal happened before the footlights became the daily bread winner. My turn out into the world took place among the picture papers. The initial berth into business was at the Illustrated London News office. There, under Mr. Ingram's roof, when 'boys will be boys,' I spent some happy days. But in 1855 came a boom for a penny daily, and Colonel Sleigh, with ideas from over the water, swept the field, and started tho Daily Telegraph. I, as a young man, took active service, And, let me tell you, that year, 1855, new Home innova- tions in the newspaper world. Why, we were the first to put the newspaper on the streets. The street boy were, as they are very generally to-day, little worldings—shoeless, hatless and with torn breeches, picked up from, or just out- side, the refuge. We started with 280 lads, though, without a doubt, there were weeds and arrant knaves among them. At first at night most of the boys paid up like trumps — presently some were a little short, then later shorter still, and, alas! at the end the majority played the 'goat.' Out of the 280 waifs out 84 remained honest. And of these it delights me to say, three became the largest news agent in London, and as the good fairies say, eventually 'kept their carriages.' But ths Daily Telegraph was not to be allowed for long to hold the kerb alone. A year later the Morning Star was it neighbor, with Mr. Justin M'Carthy as one of the helmsmen. 1 suppose I must have been erratic as a young man. I joined the Morning star on the day following its birthday and we with the paper for five year. After that, the wheel of lie took another turn. Everybody was gossip- ing about the Polytechnic. To the Polytechnic I went, and with a drawingroom entertainment as the object to fill the money bag. My fellow help was a magic lantern— the biggest sheet on record, 30 x 29. We retold the old fairy tales. Cinderella was Book I.— and what a book it was! Seven well-known men had their fingers in the pie, among them bring R. and Wm. Holliday, H. J. Byron, Fred Laurence, Planche and Tom Robertson; whilst such artists as Hine and Crowquil supplied the pictures ; and Childs was the only lantern artist who could paint fine enough — the Pre-Raphaelites were not in it for detail — on the glass for the slides, Cin- derella had a good life. Then we put up Der Freischütz, which ended in my dropping in for Pepper's Ghost. Round and round the pro- vinces we went. Presently the little people at Windsor wanted to see how Pepper's was done, and, by command, to Windsor I journeyed. But the secret was kept. The only royalty that found it out was a visitor — the late Emperor Frederick— and he as a ghost. He came whilst I was in the thick of fixing up operations. " 'Tell me how the ghost is done, Mr, Brough,' he. 'It is a dead secret,' said I. 'Never mind,' was the reply, 'but show me the trick,' Well, then,' was my answer, 'if you let me make a dead man of you — dead men tell no tales— I'll show you. Stand here !' I went down into the pit— turned up the lights— and ran my sword through Prince Frederick's body, or, rather, his ghost. The Imperial person was perfectly satisfied, and kept the ghostly secret. "Once more I played hop-scotch, and went back to the world of letters. This time to be with Messrs. Tinsley Brothers, and more or less to prospect. Our greatest literary find was Miss Braddon. The connection came about by dis- covering a serial of hers that was running in a magazine, and growing in popularity as number after number left the press. The book rights were bought for a mere song. But the venture turned out so well that long before the book went out of the running the honorarium was made up to £1000, for we could not afford to part with our find, and must secure her next novel. "But all though I suppose my soul was on 'the boards.' In 1859, with other Savages, I played in The Forty Thieves at the Lyceum — each brigand was a Savage. Then a year and more , later, in 1862, came the awful cotton famine, and the Savages were called upon to act. We took The Forty Thieves to the north, and couped in £700 in two nights for the famine fund. "Here came another turning point. Alex- ander Hendersonsaw me play and captured me. The board of Glasgow first, and then Liverpool, became my habiat. What days those Liver- pool days were ! The in and outs, the ups and downs, would fill a library. Ask the crowd about them — I and Saker, and Ssker and I, as Castor and Pollus, or as the Two Twins, &c.;, &c.;, all happy on our £3 a week. Look down the list to-day, and see who does not owe that little house at Liverpool something — Irving, Toole, Bancroft, Yigan, Wyndhnm, Clayton— there, I have forgotten half. The house was always full— £78 a night, which in London would mean at least £150. But then what a man we bad at the helm ! He was a splendid administrator— didi't care a hang for acting, but knew exactly what the people wanted. "Yes, it falls to the lot of each actor to originate. The Squire in David Garriek was mine, and I fancy I may lay claim to John Chodd in Society. But London is every man's ambition, and after playing in Liverpool for four or five year I founds footing at the old Queen's Theatre in Long Are. I enjoyed my parts there— The Double Marriage came first, then Dearer than Life, and Uncle Ben was a creation. But somehow thing grew perverse. A little band of us — Irving, Troole, Wyndham, Clayton and I — put on our has one day and walked out. A lucky day for some of us certainly, as future events have shown. "Well, the next big venture on the wheel of life was Babil and Bijou, at Covent Gardens — a fairy ploy before its time. I fancy the play cost coine £200,000 to stage and run. There was a big deficit at the finish. No fewer than 482 people were nightly engaged in the play, and, as you know, Boucicault left us at the critical moment, and I had to take the helm for the seven months that the 'fair dream' filled the stage. Then came a turn at the Gaiety under Holling- head, followed by a long run in She Stoops to Conquer at the St. James's. I have played Tony Lumpkin 776 times. In reality I may say that I know every stage in London. And have been godfather— said to first words — to seven playhouses. "And as to colonial experiences. Well, I have enjoyed them too. My present run is a brief one. I am going up to Johannesburg with Mr. Luscombe Searelleto reconter for a fort- night, but I must be back on 15th January to join Mr. Beerbohm Tree or his American tour. The Johannesburg trip this time is altogether different from the old on. I go alone with Mr. Searelle. For the old [?]it 'up country ' jour- ney to Pretoria we employed no fewer than 336 horses, and at times only 28 lb. of baggage was allowed, and that meant [?] seanty wardrobe, you guess. More than once or house was the stock exchange, the 'bulls' and the 'bears' would be in possession till late in the day, then we would enter the place towards evening and transform it into a play house. A different piece every night filled the stage. Our répertoire consisted of 32 plays, and I might say that during six and a half months out of our sight months' tramp abroad, rehearsals took place every day. There were few free days. But when we did make holiday we did make holiday. The record of these spare moments must wait for another day. The lowest priced seats in the house were 1s. 6d. Let me say, however, perhaps one of the moot remarkable sights in the world is the one that you may see under the row of poplars [?] that Cairo of the South, Johannesburg. Here, on a Sun- day, congregate the oddest of fish, very often in a cloud of 'Cape Smoke' —that veritable home brewed brandy which is to be purchased at a shilling a bottle. Among the loungers you will discover a black whose only garment is an artilleryman's jacket, another whose solitary wardrobe consist of a city police- man's coat, and a third swell baring the uniform of a metropolitan firemen. The 'Johnnies' are as proud as peacocks of these articles of clothing, especially of the artilleryman lace jacket. If one obtain a jacket covered with lace facings such as the drivers wear, he immediately thinks he is a real, right, royal, reg[?]general. I fancy the coast of these worn out articles of clothing, which are shipped in bulk, at 1s, each. But here we are at Southampton. . 