Mystery of Norman Chase. Presently his sight fell upon the figure of a woman, wrapped in a dark cloak, who leaned her bead upon a tombstone. At the sound of his footsteps she lookedj up; at the sight of his face she uttered a cry and fled away among the graves, But, in that one instant, in that pallid countenance, he had recognised-Constance Hope. The morning came, and with it the usual small excitements of a wealthy and fashionable wedding, even in a country place. " Only eight brideemaids after all, Stanley?' chimed in the charming cousins. The hour approached; the carriages drove up ; the bright throng poured down the broad staircase into the great Gothic quadrangle of Mountcastle Court, Merry bells were heard in the distance; little crowds from the neighbouring villages blessed the bride; children brought flowers to strew beneath her feet; and the old church was reached without an incident to shadow the festal hour. Two or three times during the ceremony a peculiar sound, coming from none knew where, attracted some slight attention. It was as if a child were sobbing. Stanley Hope alone knew The meaning of that stifling sorrow, and it grieved him to the soul. He dreaded lest an uncontrollable impulse should lead the unhappy girl to break upon the scene and resent that which, be knew she thought, had been his heartlessness and faithlessness. * Yet no; the rite was concluded, and Augusta Fairleigh was Augusta Hope. Nothing was seen or heard of whoever's tears had fallen, as it were, upon the head of that young bride, and nothing happened to disturb the triumph of the day. Hating her own weakness, Constance Hope had not been able to resist coming to see the beauty and the happiness of her rv.l, She had seen it, and strangely enough, the spectacle, instead of embittering her love, raised and purified it. CHAPTER LII, THE mingled scenes of this history are draw. ing towards that one which must conclude them. But there were several episodes remaining before the Whispers of Norman Chase could be bushed for ever. Among them was the career of Mr. Anthony "Mlaxwell, after the catastrophe of his evil omened accomplice's fate on the scaffold over the great gate of York Castle. It filled his mind with dismay. He had received a letter signed only with the initials, " G. G.," but the handwriting of which, however, he knew only too well, con. taining simply the words: 'I saw Him, as I predicted, with the Chap lain at his side. I waited, expecting to see You. I shall stay at York until the next malefactor has the white cap drawn over his face.' Now, a nameless horror took possession of this wretch's soul. He had never known Gilbert Green to break his word, and Gilbert Green had for mally forgiven him, What new crime, then, had he discovered so mercilessly to be punished ? And what was to be d:ne ? He resolved to quit England, and fly to the uttermost American wilds. Ah I there was a resource. The Crown had taken possession, it was true, of the dead felon's property, so far as itwes known to exisr; but it knew nothing of his ec'ret treasure, bidden behind that panel of theiden whence five thousand guineas had been so futilely ex tracted to faciliate his escape, The Moat was empty, and open. It con tained no master, mistress or captive now. Thither, therefore, would he go, rifle the omiser's sanctuary and take pas satge for the distant West. .Had not a desperate need urged him on, this. man would have fled, as from a ghost, out of that crime stained abode. 'He was, however, in the very room where Mathew Drake had stored up the results of his uncounted villainies. No necessity fur a guide; be went straight to the spot in the wall, and it opened at a touch _'The hypocrite I' he exclaimed, half angrily, half exultingly. 'Where did he get all thbis? Saying which, he took bag after bag, heavy with gold, from the concealed cupboard, weighing them with his hand and chinking them as he did so. 'Twenty thousand, by heavens !' he said, ' and a lot of loose cash besides. Drake, my man, why weren't you satisfied ?' ' The idiot,' he added, in his safe sollicquy ? the money would not content him; but he must have the girl as well.' Thus provided, he left the Black Moat and returned to his metropolitan lair. Few other preparations were necessary. 'Still, it was three days before he stood on the deck of the vessel that was to bear him away. During the whole of that time, Anthony Maxwell never slept. in every form he saw a detective. In every sound he heard an alarm. That terrible letter, too, with its few brief syllables, stared at him, like The Writing on the Wall. It was over. ' All aboard ?' SAy, ay I' was shouted, and Anthony Max well stood rei ,icing in his safety, on the poop of the ship ' Defiance,' bound for New York, and thence for Van Dieman's Land-a pros perous, fearless, hopeful man. Even theconvicts crowded on the foredeck -free during the voyage, according to custom-gave a cheer to the white shores they were leaving-many of them for ever. Gaily the ' Defiance' breasted the wave and obeyed the wind. To the self.expatriated lawyer, who had left no friend behind him, and would find none in the home he was about to seek, the voyage seemed interminable. He yearned for the sight of that remote shore, which would give him an aslyum with his nefarious wealth, and where under an assumed name, he might revel in those animal enjoyments which were so dear to his nature. Absorbed in these reflections, he stood aloof from the rest of the company, scarcely ex changed a word with any of them, and was even so imprudent in his sullenness as to at tract a dsngerous amount of attention. ' Why,' said a fellow passenger, to him one day ' your companionshsp, I must say, is worth very little. * Haven't you a word to throw to a dog?' Not if the dog is a nuisance" was the ami able answer. 'I have a right to keep myself to, myself, I suppose, if I choose to.' '"Oh, of course; but I wonder you don't shut yourself up, like that woman downstairs.' ' What woman ?' 'Well, ghe has the grace to keep her sulks to herself. She has never set foot on deck since coming aboard. You'd suit each other, you would.' The curiosity of Anthony Maxwell was aroused, and he unbent to his not very com plimenta'y friend. The stringer appeared to relish an.oppor tunity.of talktlg, and told all he knew about the mysterious passenger who thus secreted herself, as it were, withis the stling limits ,f a stip's cabin Bu', after all, it was not much. She was young, guod-louking, lived on the best that the cfmmuissariat afforded, and saw nobody except the stewardess. Not greatly enlightened, the tivo new acquaintances r'.urned on deck, when Mr. Anthony Maxwell's garrulous informant, who i.; of no further importance to this ristory, buddenly seized his companion by' the arm, 'See that I'bhe exclaimedy pointing to the south, The evening had fallen, and a strangely coloured haze lay upon the calm surface of the ocean. Southwards, a high bank of darkness rose against the sky; but in its midst gleamed a jagged rent of light, intensely brilliant. The atmosphere was insufferably sultry, and rometimes a low moan was audible amid the cordage. The captain, glass in hand, stood gazing fixedly at that ominous sign in the heavens. ' Dirty weather coming on, skipper ?' asked Mlaxvell's companion. The officer did not heed this question. , Strip herl he roared through his trumpet. Every rag dowel Perdition l It's on ust It was. It came with a dreadful shriek, split vast sheets of canvas into tatters.; hurled away a topmast with all its hamper, encum bering the deck, anrd throwing the crew for a moment into panic and disorder. In an instant the sea was boiling and white with foam, The terror- stricken convicts, free in the con. fusion from all control, rushed to and fro with frantic exclamations. But of all the cowards in that stately ship, now plunging among the billows, not one exhibited so abject a countenance as did Anthony Maxwell. Was this after all to be the end of his scbeming ? Suddenly the sky seemed riven from east to west, and the gulf thus opened was filled with lame that appeared to pour in a stream rather than flash between one huge array of thunder clottds and another. Evidently the ship was destined never to finish that voyage. She had been overtaken,utterly unprepared, by one of the most terrible Atlantic tem pests. She lay helpless in the trough of the sea, and it was obvious that she must presently founder. The wildest excrecations mingled with the most piteous cries. Some fell upon their knees in loud and lamentable supplication ; others leaped -into the sea. Anthony Maxwell grovelled, half standing, half lying, against one of the bul warks. He was almost sobbing with fear when, by the light of a flash that seemed to set the Heavens on fire, he saw a white figure emerge from below, and come reeling across the deck. With an awful cry, a woman staggered to where he cowered against the bulwark. 'Save me !' she shrieked. Only for one instant-only for time enough to exchange a single glance-did the owners of those two faces, with the death pallor already upon them, recognise each other that man and that wife, who had parted on the steps of the alter to meet thus in an accidental embrace of horror, and go down together into a nameless grave beneath the billows of the Atlan:ic Ocean- Anthony Maxwell and the whilom Charlotte Cooper. For with another trembling of her frame, with 'a renewed rush of water that rose and curled like an arch across her deck, the doomed ship ' Defiance' threw her bowsprit high into the air, and went down stern foremost with all her freight of hopes and griefs, and innocence and crime; and those strange companions went with her. There was too much impulse in the love of Constance Hope for her cousin .to be altogether unworthy. It had once filled her mind, and she was, moreover, ashamed to remember that it had almost tempted her.to discreditable acts. But it was with a feeling of pride, rather exaggerated, perhaps, that.she reflecled how, renouncing her passion at the last. moment, she had not only pardoned' the' bridegroom, but even praised the bride. For herself, herlot was to be a lonely one -and she sincerely trusted that the twain might be happy. So complicated a thing, however, ishuman nature, that it was with feelings not quite understood by herself, she receive'd a letter, with an enclosure, containing the last malig nity of that miserable being, the woman Cooper, who could not possibly leave England without putting a draught of. moral poison upon somebody's table. The letter ran : 'AFTsER my last tryst with Mr. Stanley Hope, at the Blue Cross, I picked up the enclosed. Your dutiful servant, CHARLOTTE.' The enclosure was a communication which Stanley Hope had received on the day of his marriage, and with the contents of which he was unwilling to pain his young wife until they should have been peacefully settled at home. Should she return it to him?' Her know. ledge, gained too late, of the girl's character told her, with the force ofintuition, that it was not designed to leave the happiness of either undisturbed. Might it not, then, be an act of frrendship -how that cold word smote her to the soul ! -to withhold it ? On the other hand, it was, possibly, of importance, and its 's'uppression might lead to regrettable consequences in the future. Then should she read it and determine for herself ? ' I will,' she thought. " I ant his cousin, and I do it with no bad purpose There is nothing, I am sure, in either of their lives to blush about.' She did read the paper--at first, to all appearances, not comprehending it. She read it again, and sat for a long time, wi:bh every sign of bew'ilderment upon her countenance. At last she said aloud : ' Poor child I It would be wicked to tell her. I will go to Evelyn. That girl is worse than I thought.' No very deep intimacy existed between Miss Hope and Mltss Hedley; but a curious fortune bad brought them together, and there was something recriprocal in their characters. To Norman Chase, therefore, went the imperative Constance, half dreading her task, however, though what she had to speak of could only affect Evelyn in a secondary degree. Evelyn heard her with less betrayal of agitation than she had expected. ' Would hel' she asked, ' would he, whom I was taught to look upon and love, as my father, wish her to know this ?' ' It is you alone who can answer that ques tion, Evelyn,' said Constance. ' Did he wish you to know it ?' ' It was the agony of his life-the fear that I should. But I will go to my mother. Come with me, Constance, you do not know her yet.' They found Lady Norman engined in lookitng over and sorting a number of time and travrelstained papers, some o' which were already tied not hlittle bundles-:hesa with white, 'h-se with b atk, ribbon 'Wnat are you doing, mamnma ? and what are these?' asked Evielyn, with sudden anxiety, as she remarked the expression of concen trated determination upon her mother's face, Then, noting the quick look which Lady Norman cast upon her companion, she added: 'This is-Constance Hope, a dear friend of mine ; you have heard of her. Chance has brought to her knowledge a dreadlul thing, mamma, which, I think, not even you have heard of-this paper.' Lady Norman took it, and read : 'An unauthorised, and yet irrepressible, in'erest in Miss Fairleigh compels me to write this. Her father, you are already aware, is Henry Mainwaring, lately known as Sir Norman Hedley. 'But what you not know is that, beneath the pressure of a long remorse, his mind has utterly broken down, that he fancies himself to be The Wandering Jew,' and that he has resolved to roam about for the remainder of his life, sleeping in forests and ruins and never more uncovering his face to the sight of men. In plain words, be is downright mad, and raves about his daughter. 'But the name upon which. he invariably calls is 'Evelyn,' and no other. Sometimes, however, he styles himself Judas, and then he seems more frenzied than ever. It is fit that you should hear this, but I, an unknown friend, ask whether your sweet child-betrothed cannot be spared the knowledge.' There was no signature. Lady Norman seemed lost as in a dream. At length, she spoke : 'This was written by Richard Thbrnoton. He is right But it may be difficult to keep the secret from the poor girl. You remember, Evelyn, the half-walking, half sleeping dreams she told us of, about Inda, and her excitement when. she saw that Indian Diorama?' It was agreed that at any rate, everything should be done to suppress the half-told secret revealed in this letter. But it may as well be stated at once that, in an after time, when Stanley's young wife re ceived intelligence of Henry Mainwaring's in. sanity, she only said, amid some simple tears over the fate of a man whom she had never been taught to love: ' My poor father 1 Then it was madness that made him so strange, and he had never committed any crime at all-only fancied it I' Which was the happiest and most merciful interpretation that could have been put upon the mystery. 'And now mamma,' said Evelyn, after this topic had been put aside, 'you have not said what you are doing with these papers.' ' Evelyn,' rep' ed the lady-' Miss Hope you are in her c" Afidence, and therefore must be in mine-these are the sorrows and joys of my past. I shall leave them with you. 'They will help you to think forgivingly of her who left her child so long and so heartlessly to the care of strangers.' ' What are you saying, my mother?' cried the young girl, throwing herself into Lady Norman's arms. ' Why do you speak of leav ing them with me? We are together, and why should we be separated ?' ' This house, my daughter,' was the answer ' will soon, I hope, possess a new master, your husband. You are now its unquestionable heiress without any enemy to struggle against.' Evelyn shuddered. ' As for me, I must return from whence I came. I cannot live at Norman Chase, with that grave, and with these memories. I have bidden adieu to him in his tomb, and the work of my life is done. When Herbert Lesholme enters here with you as his bride, I shall pass out, but my love for my child will rest with her until, and after-who knows ?-I pass, also, away from the world.' CHAPTER LIII. EVELYN pondered a long time in silence, not even -noticing that Constance .Hope had quietly risen and left this mother and daughter to their tender though melancholy converse. It was bitter to lose the parent whoni- she had but so lately found. What could she think of for the sake of inducing her to. say. \- • At last, with a 'smile upon her lips, she said : ' But suppose, mamma, I will' not marry Herbert,.if you go away ?' SYou know not what -you are saying, Evelyn. There-is for me one remaining hope. of hapoiness in this world, and will my child refuse it to me ?' The young girl laid her head on her mother's bosom, and speaking in a very low tone, with her face out of sight, said: ' You loved him very dearly, mamma ?' For reply, there was only atear that dropped upon her fair forehead, as she raised it, after asking the question. \ 'Then,' she went on, when-when-the day comes that must come to all of us, would you.not wish to sleep by his side?' ' No I No I' exclaimed the beautitul woman, passionately, clasping the young girl to her heart. ' Here he was lost to me." There, far away, he seemed for ever at my.' side, in spite of all that falsehood that had arisen, between us, and there only can I remember him without a sorrow too bitter to- endure. Evelyn, he was murdered under this roof, living in disguise and terror. In that old Indian City, before a traitor crossed his path, there was no more pure and gallant heart than that of your father-Norman Hedley.' Lady Norman upon this point' was im. movable, and Evelyn persisted no longer. 'Mamma,' she said, to change the topic, ' I have been told that there is a mystery of some sort about Herbert.' ' The only mystery is that young Herbert's friends thought it wise to keep from his know. ledge that he would enter upon a large estate when he had passed his twenty-fifth birthday. He had an inveterate enemy-you need ntot ask whom; let him be for the future name Isss. Try to recollect; he was prowling about here in secret more than ever after I came. Well, you had disappointed him about one Will, and he wanted another.' 'And that twas?' ' The : ne which gives Herbert his fortune. I brought it with me from India.' 'Is that all? Herbert will be rich. But I am rich enough for both .' ' He would not be Herbert Leaholme it he had not been convinced by indirect informa tion that he was not coming to Norman Chase with the possibility of being branded as having married a young heiress to secure her wealth.' These confidences over, the young girl and her mother led a more peaceful hife. But after the lapse of a few- days, Lady Norman surprised her daughter by saying: 'Evelyn, nothing would make you think anything dishonourable of your mother ?' ' Why, mamma, is there going to be another mystery ?' ' Whatever you see me do-whatever you hear of my doing-promise me, my child, with the most sacred promise that a daughter can give to her parent-if you love me, Evelyn.' Evelyn could only give the promise with the fondest caresses accompanying it, and -wonder. ' I have vowed a vow to myself, to the living, and to the dead-' was all Lady Nor. man added, and Evelyn waited for some signs of what was about to take place. They were not lons in manifesting th'emselves A strange e,.thusi:,sm appeared to have taken p:,ssession of Lady Normna's mind after she had secued this promise from her d ugh:er, a promaise which she knew would ne inuvola!sly kep, b ',ever singular her ac tions mintght seun to be. And singular they undoubtedlv were. As a first example of them, she asked Evelyp to accompany her upon a visit to a part of the mansion which the young girl had never ex. plored. ' You told me,' she said, ' of a steel key you found.' 'Yes,' replied Evelyn, ' I always carry it about with me; it opened one of the caskets.' ' It will open something more than that Come this way.' They went along a great stone passage, thrr.ugh a series of dusty rooms hung with old tapestry, uo heavy oaken stairs, and into a dilapidated bed-chamber. 'That man's hatred of your father and Mainwaring was made still more ferocious because they would not tell him the secret of this room. Did they never tell you ?' ' Never I What does it contain ?' ' The villain who is dead would have given his soul to have got possession of it. Poor child. It was all intended for you, and now it is not yours.' The little steel key opened, as if by magic an enormous door, occupying nearly half of the wall, of extraordinary thickness, composed of solid iron, and yet rolling back without a sound upon its hinges. This is a part of what your father and his friend brought from the East,' said Lady Norrran. It was-a prodigious wealth of Indian gold and silver work, in every variety of form-so splendid that the young girl thought she must be dreaming; it dazzled her. 'And one of them lies dead in the vaults of this house, and the other is a wandering madman l' mused.the lady, aloud. ' Evelyn, this must all go away' With suppressed wonder, but without a doubt, Evelyn saw the whole of .this magnifi cent treasure packed and depatched away she never sought to know whither. And similar scenes were repeated, day by day, until it seemed as though by far the greater riches or Norman Chase were destined to disappear. It would-have been contrary to human nature bad she trot marvelled at the inexplic able process which was going on, while the curiosity felt by the people of the household was aggravated, almost to exasperation, by the facts that all the work was done by total strangers, who never tanswered a question, and that, from the heaviest case to the smallest package, not one bore a lable of any kind, CHAPTER LIY It was true. The condemned malefactor in York Gaol, in a spirit of malignity consistent with the whole of his miserable career, had resolved to leave a last trace of treachery and vindictiveness behind him. Now that every human hope had failed; now that the weapon he had so long brand ished over the head of Evelyn and her reputed father, was powerless to wound them, be still felt sure that it possessed a poisoned edge which might embitter the blood .f her future life, and,possibly, have its influence upon the mind of her betrothed. He expressed a desire to make a written statement, and this man's last night on earth was spent, not in confessing his own crimes, but in concocting a narrative, containing some awful truths indeed, yet rendered scandalous by a still greater number of falsehoods, so in geniously woven in, however, that they could scarcely be disentangled from the rest. In our times, such a document would never have been given to the world ; but in those the official conscience wais guided by fewer scruples. His warders, ernjoying the frantic haste with which he covered sheet after sheet, and threw them over his shoulder until they littered the ground, gave him brandy to stimtilate the fury;- as it were, of his pen. In the enjoyment of his last revenge, he, seemed almost to forget his own fate; although in so short a time, the awful hour must strike. Nothing could be more superfluous than to repeatrin detail the'bluaoders. exaggerations, repetitions, and distortions in the narrative of this dying, yet drunken wretch. The bare truth was terrible enough-suf ficiently terrible to account for the dark deeds and darker rumors that had dishallowed Norman Chase. This is what it amounted to. There was a cluster of villagers standing on the edge of a broad plain, yellow with corn, in which dusky men, wearing white turbans and waistbands, were labouring. Hteavy vehicles, half-cart, half-truck, drawn by pairs of small oxen, were creaking along under loads of rudely.bound sheaves. On the slopes of a bill-range, at a little dis tance, a thousand snowy tents glistened in the nun. Below, in the shelter of a palm grove, was a large building constructed of bamboo. In an immense, lofty-roofed chamber, that seemed as if woven of basket-work, with tightly-framed gauze stretched across the unglazed windows, to keep out the insects, and great squares of matting, moved by unseen hands, constantly swaying to and fro from the root to maintain an artificial breeze, a young girl reclined upon a couch of sandal wood and silk. Not more than seventeen years of age at the utmost, she needs no other description tian that she might have sat for the portrait of Evelyn Hedley upon her first arrival at Norman Chase. She seemed to be waiting for some one, but clearly not for the person who just then broke, unceremoniously, upon her solitude a stout woman, manifestly English, and about thirty years of age,.. who entered the room with a sacred appearance. Her costume was' altogether European, with the crimson .handkerchief wound round the head. -. 'What now, Martha?' asked the young girl. 'There has beeni another man found strangled, Miss Gertrude, just outside the camp-a Persian meirchant, who had a great deal of mottey about him, and nothing will persuade the people that it .was not done by an Englishman, for all his coloured face and Indian clothes' Other footsteps approached, and, with an apology for a tap at the half-open door, a second individual entered." Even eighteen years later it would have been impossible not to recognise, in his form and features, those of Mr. Mathew Drake. ' Have you heard of this atrocity, Miss Champion?' he hurriedly asked. 'It is frightful, and ao one seems to have a clue, or even a suspicion.' 'They say it is an Englishman in a native disguise,' replied the young girl, fixing her eyes upon the man whom, beyond a doubt, she regarded with contempt and aversion. 'Martha leave me, but come back in a quarter of an hour.' The woman left and Gertrude Champion was left alone with Mathew Drake. She rose from her reclining posture, upon which he stood gazing with insolent admira. tion. He was allowed to continue standing there was no welcome for him in that presence. 'Once for all, Mr. Drake,' she said, 'why do you come here ? Your offers of love, your boast of power. your threats of revenge, are alike lost upon me. I give you this last chance of being dismissed -without ignominy. If you are here when my maid returns my servants shall turn you out of the house.' He lingered; he tried to speak but was silenced. 'Are you going, sir ?' she asked. ' Recol lect what I bave said, and that my father's servants, in this matter, will take their in structions from me.' ' I will recollect it, Miss Champion--Gr trude-' he answered; 'and you, so long as you live, shall recollect it, and repent what you have said and done this day.' He went out, and the venom bred of that brief interview bad not distilled itself to the dregs even when nearly twenty years bad passed away. A man, handsome, noble of aspect, came in after the rejected visitor, and sat down by the side of the young girl. She received him with joy. = Henry,' she said, ' that man has been here again, with his insolent proposals. Why do you associate with him ? Henry, this ts the only secret between us.. Do you suspect him ?' 'Of what ?' he asked. ' Of being that masked murderer whe wears an Indian disguise ?' ' Not of that.' TO BE CONTINUED. 