\ SONS OP FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley's Seoret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XIX. " WHAT WAS A SPECK EXPANDS INTO A STAB. " " Had the landlady of the house in Great Ormond-street been anybody in the world but my old nurse, I doubt if any phUanthropio purpose would have inspired me with the boldness to carry through the work I had undertaken. . To appear before the average lodginghonse-keeper within half an hour of midnight, and with such a protege as Esperanza CampbeU upon my hands, would have required the courage of a lion, and at that time I was a particularly shy andsensite v young man, brought up in the retirement of a remote country house and in the society of a mother whom I loved very dearly, but, as we are told to love God, with fear and trembling. My constitutional shyness, the natural outoome of narrow surroundings, had kept me from making friends at the University, and I believe it was sheer pity whioh prompted Gerald Standish to take me under his wing. His kindness was rewarded by finding me a likeable companion, whose charaoter supplied seme of the qualities which were wanting in his bright and buoyant disposition. We were real friends, and remained friends antil the end of his too brief life. , "So much to explain that it was only my confidence in my old nurse's indulgence which, enabled me to cut tt^e knot of our difficulty in disposing of Esperanza Campbell. " My faithful Martha and her exoeUent husband were sleeping the sleep of the just in a ground-floor room at the back of the house while their maid-servant slumbered still more soundly in a back attic. Happily Martha was a light sleeper, and had trained herself to wake at the lightest cry in seasons of measles or whoopibg-cojigh, teething or infantile bronchitis ; so my second opplication to the bell and knooker brought a prompt response. Bolts were drawn, a key was turned, a chain was unfastened, the door waB opened a couple of inches, and a timid voioe asked what was wanted. "' It is I, Martha, Georgie Beresford. I've brought you a lodger.' "' Oh, oome now, Mr. George, that's one of your jokes. You've been to the theatre, and you*re~playi^g-»" _ tri«k «pcsiriBsr"^rtr- Opmwnow, -do, iikB"S~aear -young "gentleman, and come and have a aup of tea with me some afternoon when you've got half an hour to spare.' / "' Martha, you are keeping a very sweet young lady out in the cold. For goodness' sake open the door, and let me explain matters.' "' Can't she take her in?' asked Gerald, impatiently, from the eab. "Martha opened the door, and exhibited herself reluctantly in her casual costume of flannel dressing-gown and tartan shawl. "' What do you mean, Mr. George? What can you mean by wanting lodgings for a young lady at this time of night?' "'Sounds queer, don't it?' said Gerald, who had bounded up the steps and burst into the dim wainscoted haU, lighted only by the candle Martha was oarrying. 'The fact iB we're in a difficulty, and Mr. Beresford assures me you can get us out of it.' "And then in the fewest words and with most persuasive manner he explained what be wanted, a home and a protector for a blameless young trirl whom the force of circumstances bad flung upon our hands at half-put II o'olook in the evening. Somehow we must get rid of ber. She was a gentleman's daughter, and we oould not take her to the workhouBe. Reputation, hers and ours, forbade that we should take her to an hotel. "Not a word did Gerald say about tableturning or spirit-rapping. He was shrewd enough to gness that any hint at the seance would have prejudiced honest Martha against our charge. " 'I'm sure I don't know what to do,' said Martha; and I could see that she was suspioious of Gerald's airy manner, and doubtful even of me. ' My husband's fast asleep. He isn't euoh a light sleeper as I am. 1 don't know what he would say' . '"Never mind what he would say,'interrupted Gerald. 'What you have to say is that you'll takB Miss Campbell in and give her a tidy room somewhere—she ain't particular, poor thing—and make her comfortable for a week or two while she looks out for a situation.' " Ob, she's on the lookout for a situation, is she?' said Martha, evidently mollified by the idea of a bread winning young person. 'You see, Mr. George,'she went on, appealing to me, ' in London one can't be too particular. This house is aU Benjamin and I have to look to in our old age; we've put our little all into it; aud if the young lady happened • to be rather dressy, or sang comio songs, or went to the theatre in cabs, or had gentlemen leave letters for her—why, it would just be our ruin. Our first floor is let to one of the most part particular of widow ladies. I don't believe there's a more particular lady in London. 9 " ' My dear Martha, do you think I'm a fool or a knave? This girl is a village organist's daughter' " ' Ah, Mr. George, they must all begin,' said Martha, shaking her head philosophically. She is mourning for herfather—an orphan —friendless and unhappy' "' As for conduot, propriety, and all that kind of thing, I'll answer for her as if she were my own sister,' put in Gerald in hia splendidly reokless way ? ' and that being the case, I hope you are not going to keep the poor young lady Bitting out there in a cold cab till to-morrow morning. " Martha listened to Gerald and looked at me. '"If you're sure it's all right, Mr. George,' she murmured, 'I'd rather do anything in the world to oblige you; but this house is our all' " ' Yes, yes,' Gerald exclaimed impatiently. 'You told us that before. Bring her in, George. It's aU settled.' " This was a happy stroke, for old Martha would have stood in the hall with her guttering candle an'I ber deshabille of flannel and tartan, debating the matter for another quarter of an hour; but when I brought the pale girl in her black frock up the steps, and handed her into the old woman's oare, the motherly heart melted all at ones, and all hesitancy waa at an end. "' Poor young thing. Why, she's little more than a ohild ! How pale and cold you look, poor dear. I'll go down and light a bit of fire and warm a cup of broth for you. My second floor left the day before yesterday. I'll soon get the bedroom ready for you.' "'That's as it ehould bs.'said I. 'You'll find yourself safe and comfortable here, M:sb Campbell, with the kinds9t woman I know. I'll call in a few days and see bow yuu are getting on.' "Islipped a goupleof sovereigns into my old nurse's palm as I wished her good nieht. The cabman brought in tho poor little wooden trunk, received aliberal fare, and went his way in peace, while Gerald and I walked to the Tavistock, glad to cool aown after an evening's excitement. "'What an adventure!' said he. 'Of course I always knew it was a humbug, but I never thought it was quite suoh transparent humbug.' " ' That girl would have taken any one in,' said I. '"Why, because she's young and pretty, after a rather sickly fashion!' '"No, because Bhe was thoroughly in' earnest, and believed in the thing itself.' "'Youreally think she was a dupe, and not an accomplice? 1 "'I'm sure of it. Her distress was very reaL And at her age, and with her imaginative nature' "' What do yon know of her nature?' he asked sharply. " The question and his manner of asking it pulled me up suddenly, as a dreamer of morning dreams is awakened by the matterof-fact voice of the servant who comes to call him. '' What did I know of her ? What assurance had I that her sobs and lamentation, her pathetio etory of the father so loved and mourned were not as spurious as the rest of the show, sb much a cheat as the iron rod and the leather strap. How did I know? Well, I could hardly have explained the basis of my conviotion, but I did know; and I would have staked my life upon her honesty and her innocence. " I woke next morning to a new sense of responsibility. I had taken this helpless girl's fate into my hands, and to me she must look for aid m ohalking out a path for herself. I had to find her the means of earning her daily bread, reputably, and not as a drudge. The problem was difficult of solution. I had heard enough of the lot of the average balf- ednoated governess—the life harder, the pay less than a servants. Yet what else than a nursery governess could this girl be, at her age, and with her attainments, which I conotuded were not above the ordinary sohoolgirl's. The look out was gloomy, and I was glad to shut my eyeB to the difficulties of the situation, telling myself that my good Mortha would give the poor child a comfortable home upon very moderate terms—such terms as I oould afford to pay out of my very moderate aUowance, and that in a month or two something—in the language of the immortal Micawber—would turn np. "There was but another week of the Long, a week which under ordinary oiroumstances I should have spent with my widowed mother at har house in the country, but whioh I decided to Bpend in London, accepting Gerald's invitation to share his rooms in Arundel- street, and do a final round of the theatres, an invitation I had previously deolined. Doling that week I was often in Great Ormond-street, and contrived to learn a great deal more about Esperanza's charaoter and history—of her history aU she had to teU; of her oharaoter, which to me seemed transarent *s a forest streamlet, aU I oould divine. ? oalled in Ormond-street on the seoond day of her reaidenoe there, and found good Nurse Martha in the best possible humour. It was 4 o'olock in the afternoon, and she insisted that I should stop for a oup of tea, and as teamaking—that is to say, the art of producing a better cup of tea than anybody else could produce from the canister, kettle, and teapot— had always been a special talent of Martha's, 1 was glad to accept her hospitality. "Miss CampbeU ha$ gone for a little walk round the squares, she informed me. '"She doesn't oare about going out,' explained Martha. 'She'd rather sit over a book or play the harmonium. But I told her she must take an airing for her health's sake.' " I was disappointed at not finding Esperanza in the tidy back parlour to which Nurse Martha ushered me—a room of exemplary neatness and snugness, enlivenedlby thoBe Uving presences which always makeifor cheerfulness—vulgar as we may deem them—a glass tank of gold fish, a canary bird, and a magnificent tabby cat, sleek, clean, luxuriously idle in purring contemplation of the bright little fire in the old-fashioned grate, that grate with hobs which reminded me of my nursery deep in the heart of the country. '"Now you sitdown in Blake's armohair, Mr. George, and let's have a talk over missy. I shouldn't have taken those two sovereigns from you the night before last if I hadn't been aUof a muddle with the suddenneBBof the thing. I don't want to be paid in advance for doing a kindness to a helplesB girl.' '"No, Martha; but since the helpless girl was on my hands, it's only right I should pay you somehow, and we may as weU settle that question at onoe, as it may be several weeks before MisB Campbell is able to find a suitable situation.' '"Several months, more likely. Do yoa know how young she is, Mr. George?' "'Eighteen.' ' " 'Eighteen last birthday—only jusVjnrned eighteen, and she's much younger than most girls of eighteen in all her ways and thoughts. She's clever enough with her hands, poor ehUd. Nothing lazy or lolloping abont her— made her own bed and swept and tidied her own room without a word from me; but there's a helplessness somewhere in ber thoughts. I don't know how she'll ever set about getting a situation—I don't know what kind of situation ehe's fit for. She's muoh too young and too pretty for a governess.' —^-INot-Aoo y*uufl -n^ra+gy-praven^ggg, "'A nursery-governess means a nurserymaid without a cap, Mr. George. I shouldn't like to see her brought to that. I've taken to her already. • Benjamin says, with her sweet voice and pretty face, she ought to go on the stage.' " I was horrified at the idea. "' Martha, how oan you speak, of suoh a thing ? Have you any idea what the life of a theatre means for an inexperienced girl—for a beautiful girl, most of all ?' '"Oh, I've beard there are temptations; but a prudent young woman can take care of herself anywhere, Mr. George, and mi imprudent young woman*wUl go wrong in a country parsonage or a nunnery. If Miss Campbell is to earn her own living she'U have to faoe dangers and temDtations, go where she may. She'll have to take care of herself, poor child. There'll be nobody else to take care of her. I've heard that young women are well looked after in some theatres — at Mr. Charles Kean's, for instance. I knew a young person that used to walk on in " Louis the Eleventh" —dressed as a boy in blue and gold — and she told me Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean was that particular' " 'The Keana are making a fareweUtourin Australia, and will never go into management again, Martha. You are talking nonsense.' "Poor Martha looked crestfallen at this reproof. '"I dare say I am, Mr. George; but for all that, I don't think Miss Campbell will ever do much as a governess. It isn't in her. There's a helplessness, and a bendingness, and droopingness, if I may say so, about ber oharacter that won't do for a governess. The only mistress that would keep her is the kind of mistress that would make a slave of her.' "'Hard lines,'I said getting np and walking about the little babl^parlour. " It was a third room quite at the back of the substantial Georgian house; there was Boant Bpace for my restlessness between tha old square piano, which served as a sideboard, and the fireplace by which my dear old Martha sat looking at me with a perturbed ooun tenance. "I began to think I had let myself in for a bad thing. What was I to do with thia girl, whose fate I had in some measure taken into my bands ? It had seemed easy eneugh to bring her to this quiet shelter, which she might leave in a week or so, braced np and ready to fight her battle of life—the battle we all have to fight somehow—a self-supporting young woman. Self- supporting, that was the point. I now remembered with terror that there iB a large olasB of persons upon this earth whom not even the Bcourge of poverty oan make selfsupporting;!® vast multitudeof feeble soulswho resign themselves from the beginning of things to drift upon the stream of life, and are never known to strike out and swim for any shore, and so drift down to the ocean of death. Of these are the poor relations for whom something is for ever being done, and who never do anything for themselves; of these the feeble scions of patrician family trees,* who are always waiting for sineoures under Governr went. "God help her, poor sacl. if she was one of these invertebrates, and God help me in my responsibility towards her. " I was an only son, the heir to a small estate in Suffolk and an income of something under three thousand a year. I was not quite twenty years of age, and I had to maintain myself at the moai expensive oollege in Cambridge on an allowance that many of »he rich young men with whom I aasociated would have considered abjeot penury. I was not in a fast set. I did not hunt—indeed, with my modeet income, bunting would have been impossible ; but I waB not without tastes which absorbed money. The love of choice books and fine engravings, the fancy for cuno» picked up here or there,the pteBenoe of which gave intereat to my rooms, and, perhaps, helped to reconcile me to many long hours within closed doora. I had hitherto been most careful to live within my income, for I knew that it was as much as my mother oould afford to give me, taking into considetation her devotion to the eatate which was to be mine by-and-by, and the maintenance and improve, ment of which bad been to her as a religion. Her model nottagei, her home-farm, the village Church, to whose every improvement her purse had largely contributed—these were the sources of expenditure whioh kept her comparatively poor, and which forbade any extravagance on my part. " All thsae facts were in my mind that afternoon as I paced the narrow bounds of old Martha's sitting- room. '"She will have to get her living,'I said severely, as the result of theBe meditations which showed me no margin for philanthropy. "Hadmy mother been as somemen'smotheri I might naturally have contemplated shifting the burdeD upon her shoulders. I might have told Esperanza's etory, and handed Esperanza over to her care as freely as if I had picked up a stray cat or dog. But my mother was not one of those soft, impreaBionable women who are always ready to give the reins to sentiment. She was a good woman, and devoted muoh of ber life and meanB to doing good, bet her benevolence was restricted to the limits ef her own parish. She 'would Hardly listen to a tale of sorrow outside her own village. '"We have so much ts do for our own people, George,' she used to tell me. ' It is folly to be distracted by outside claims. Here we knew oar return for every shilling we pf«. We know the beat and worst about those we help.' "Were I to tell her Esperanza'e story her suggestions for helping me oat of my difficultly would be crueller than old Martha's. She would be for sending the girl into Bervioe as a housemaid for getting her an assisted passage to the Antipodes on an emigrant ship. " Martha oame to my reams in my trouble now as she had done many a time when I wore a kilt -and when my naked knees had come into abrupt collision with a gravel path or a itony beach. " ' She'll have to be older and wiser before ihe gets her own living, Mr. George,' said Martha; 'but don't trouble about her. Aa long as I've a bed or a sofa to snare, she can itop with me and Benjamin. Her bite and lup won't hurt ns, poor thing, and I don't want sixpenoe from you. She shall stop here tree, gratis, Mr. George, till she finds a better home.' " I gave my old nurse a hug as if I had been still the boy in the Maodougal kilt. "' No, no, Martha; I'm not going to impose on your generosity. I shall be able to pay you something. Only I thought you might want two or three pounds a week "for her board, and I oould noli manage that for an indefinite period.' "' Two or three pounds! Lor, Mr. George, if that's your notion of prices, Cambridge landladies most be 'arpies. Why, I only get two guineas for my drawing-room floor, as a permanency, and lady tenants even begrudge half-a-orowa extra for kitchen fire. Let her •stop here as long as she likes, Mr. George, and never yon think about money. It's only her future I'm thinking of, for there's a helpleesness about her that Ah, there she is,' as the hall door slowly opened. ' I gave her my key. She's quite one of us already.' " She came quietly into the room and took my proffered hand without shyness or embarrassment. She was pale still, but the fresh air had brought a faint tint ef rose into the pallid cheeks. She looked even younger anjl more childlike to-day in her shabby morning frook and poor little black straw hat than ehe had looked the night before last. Her strong emotion then had given more of womanliness to the small oval face. To-day there was a simplicity in her aspect, as of a trusting ohild who took no (bought of the future, secure in the kindness of thoee abont her. "I thought of a sentence in ihe gospel, 'Consider the lilies how they grow.' This ohild had grown np like a lily in the mild atmosphere of domestic love, and had been the easy-dupe of a delusion which appealed to her affeokion for the dead. "' I called to see if you were qute comfortable and at home with Mrs. Blake,' I said, far more embarrassed by the situation than Esperanza was. " ' Yes, indeed I am,' ehe answered in her sad sweet voice. ' It is so nioe to be with some one eo kind and clean and comfortable. The Fran was not very unkind; but she was so dirty. She gave ns such horrid things to eat-r-the smell ot them made me ill—and then sbie said I was affected and silly, and the Herr used to say I might starve if I' could not eat their food. It made me think of my happy home with father, and our ooay little teatable beside the fire. We did net always have dinner,' ehe added naively; 'neither of us oared mnoh for that.' " She/hung over old Martha's shoulder with affectiijraate familiarity, and the horny old hand which had led my infant steps was held up to clasp hers, and the withered old face smiled. " ' See bow she gets round us,' said Martha, nodding at me.' 'Benjamin is just aa bad. And you should hear her play the 'armonian of an evening and sing 'Abide with me.' You'd hardly hear her without shedding tears.' Do you think you oan be happy here for • few weeks?' I asked. "'Yes, as happy as I can be anywhere without father. 1 dreamt of him last night —such vivid dreams. _ I heard bis voice close beside my pillow cslling tny name. I know his spirit was in the room. It isn't because the Herr and his wife were cheats that there is between the living and the dead. I know there is a link, she insisted passionately, her eyes brimming with sudden tears. 'They are not dead — those we dearly love — only removed from tis. The olay is gone; the soul is hovering near, blessing, oomforting as.' "She sobbed out her grief, hiding her faoe upon Martha's substantial shoulder. I could speak no words of oousolation; nor would I for worlds have argued against this fond hallucination, ihe dream of sorrowing love. "I shall not see thee. Dare I say _ l^L TtotW^fuMai uis lisr.^iinasa— In which he walk*d when clasped in clay? No visual shade of some one lost, Bet he, the 8pirit himself, may come Where all the nerve of sense Is numb; Spirit to Spirit, Ghost to Ghost. " I quoted those lovely lines in a low voice as I walked softly, up and down the darkening room; and .then there was silenae save for soothing wcfrdleBS murmurs from Martha, suoh murmurs aB had aerved to hush my own baby Borrows. " 'There's the kettle just on the boil,' cried the good soul cheerily, when Esperanza's sobs had ceased ; * and I know Mr. George must be wanting his cup of tea.' " She rose and bustled about in her dear old active way. She lit a lamp — an inartistio cheap paraffin-lamp, but the light was oheerfuL The tea- table arranged by Martha was the picture of neatness. She set Esperanza the feminine task of making toast. The poor ohild had the prettiest air of penitenoe as she kissed Martha's hand, and then knelt meekly down, with the fireglow orimsoning the alabaster face and neck, and shining on the pala gold bair and rusty black frock" " 'I'm afraid I'm very troublesome,' she said apologetically; ' but, indeed, I'm verygrateful to you, 8ir, for takincr oare of me that dreadfal night, and to dear Mrs. Blake for all her kindness to me.' " 'Mrs. Blake is the quintessence of kindness. X am very glad to think you oan live happily here nntusheorloanfiadaomeaice situation for you.' "Bhe had been smiling softly over her task, but her face clouded in an instant. " ' A situation. That's what everybody said at Beebery ! We mt^st find her a situation. And then Miss Grimshawe wanted me to be a dressmaker.' 'You shall not be a dressmaker. I promise hat, "' But oh, what am I to be ? I don't know half enough for a governess. I couldn't teach big girls German and French and drawing. I couldn't teach little boys Latin. And that's what everybody wants of a governess. I have read the advertisements in the newspapers.' "'And as to being a nursery governess, why it's negro slavery !' said Martha. I wouldn't mind the drudgery, only I hate children!' said Esperenza. '' This avowal shocked me. I looked at the soft, ohildlike countenance, and. the speech seemed incongruous. " ' I have never had anything to do with children since my sister Lucy died,' she explained. 'I shouldn't understand them, and they would laugh at me and my fanoies. After Lucy's death I lived alone with father, always alone, he and I. The harmonium and the organ in the ohurch close by were our only friends. Our clergyman was just civil to father, but I don't think he ever liked him: I heard him once tell Borne one that his organist was an eccentricity. An eccentricity 1 That was all hB could say about my father, who was ever so much cleverer than he.' " She Baid this with pride, almost with defiance, looking me in the face aa if she were challenging me to dispute the fact. '"Was^our father very clever?' IaBked heft keenly interested io any glimpses of her TOB Cory. "Yes; I am sure he was olever, much cleverer than the oommon run of people. He loved music, and he played beautifully. His touch upon the old organ made the church musio sound angelic. Now and then there was eome one in the chnrch —some strangers who seemed to understand his playing, and who was astonished to find such an organist in a village ohurch—an out-of- the-way village like ours. But for the most part people took no notioe. It didn't seem to matter to them whether the choir sang well or badly; but when they sang false it hurt father just like bodily pain.' " ' Did he teach you to play V '"A little. But he wasn't fond of teaching. What I know of music I found out chiefly for myself—just'sitting alone at the organ when I could get one of the oboir beys to blow for mel touching the keya, and trying the stops, til I learnt something about them. But I play very badly.' "'Beautifully! beautifully!' ejaculated Martha. » You draw tears.' "' You sang in the ohoir, I think ?' I said. " ' Yes; there were four young ladies and a lady's maid with a contralto voice, and I was the sixth. There were about a dozen men and boys who sat on the other side of the chanoel. People said it was a good choir for a village ohurch. Father was so unhappy when we sang badly that we could not help trying to sing well.' " I remembered those eer&ohic; notes in Handel's thrilling melody, and I could understand that at least one voice in the choir had the heavenly ring. Well,' I said at last, * we most hope for the beat. Something may turn up that will •ait you better than governessing. And in the meantime you can make yourself happy with my old nurse. I can answer for it she'll never be unkind to you. "' I'm sure of that. I would rather stay here and be her servant than go among strangers.' "' What, wear an apron and cap, and wait upon the lodgers V I said, laughing at the i ' absurdity of the idea. Shq seemed' a creature so far removed from the useful race of neat-handed Phillises. "I should not mind.' " The clook in the hall struck 6, and I had promised Gerald to be ready for dinner at balf-past, as we were to go to a theatre afterwards — the Adelphi, where Je&erson; was aoting 'Rip Van Winkle.' I had to take a hurried leave. "' Don't you worry yourself about her, Mr. George,' said Martha as Ehe let me out at the street door. ' I'll keep her as long as ever you like.' "I told Martha that I should send her a little money from time to time, and that I should consider myself in her debt for a pound a week as long as Miss Campbell stayed with her." '"She'll want a new frook, won't she?' I asked. 'The one ehe wears looks very shabby.' '"It looks what it ia, Mr. George. It's all but threadbare, and it's the only frock ehe has in the world, poor child! But don't you trouble about that either. You gave me two sovereigns. One of these will buy the stuff, and she and I can make the frock. I've out out plenty of frocks in my day. I used to make all your mother's frocks onoe upon a time.' " She had nursed my mother in the bloom of her youth ; she had nursed me in her sturdy middle life ; and now in her old age she was willing to care for this girl for whose fate I had made myself responsible. " Gerald received me with his customary oheeriness, though I was ten minutes after the half-hour, and the fried sole had frizzled itself to dryness by that delay." '"I've some good news for you!' he exclaimed in bis exuberant way. ' Its all right.' " * What's all right ?' "' Your protege. I've written to the parson at Besbery. The atory ehe told us was goBpel truth.' " 'Lnever thought it was anything else." "An, that's beoause you're over head and ears in love with her, Gerald. "I felt myself blushing furiously, blushing like a girl whose secret tenderness stands revealed. Of oourse I protested that nothing was further from my thoughts than love; that I was only sorry for the girl's loneliness and helplessness. Gerald obviously doubted me; and I had to listen to his sage counsel on the subject. He was my senior by two years, and olaimed to be a man of. the world, while I had been brought Up at my mother's apron-string. He foresaw dangers of which I had no apprehenBion. . "' There is nothing easier to drop into than an entanglement of that sort,'he said. "You had much better fall in love with a ballet-girl. It may be more expensive for the moment, but 'it won't oompromisayour future.' "His arguments had no effeot upon my oonduot in the few remaining days of the long vacation. I went to Ormond-street a second and a third time during those few days. I took Esperanza to an afternoon concert at the St. James's Hall, and enjoyed her ecstacy as she listened to Sainton and BotteBini. With her musio W»B a passion, and I believe she sat beside me utterly unconscious of my existence, with a soul lifted above earth and all earthly feelings. " • You were happy while the music lasted,' I said as we walked baak to Ormond-street by a longish round, for I chose the quietest streets rather than the nearest way. "' More than happy,' ahe answered eoftly. 'I was talking with my father's spirit.' '"You still believe in the communion of the dead and the living,'I said,'in spite of the tricks your German friends played upon you V "' Yes,' she answered steadfastly. 1 1 still believe, I shall always believe there is a bridge between earth and heaven — between the world we oan see and touch and the world we can only feel with our hearts and minds. When I hear musio like that we heard just now — those long-drawn singing notes on the violin, those deep organ teneB of the 'oello—I feel myself oarried away into a shadowy world where I know my father and mother art waiting for me. We shall all be together again some day, and I shall know and understand, and I shall feel her soft touch upon my forehead and my hair as I have felt it so often in my dreame.' . "She broke down, crying softly as she walked by my aide. I soothed her as well as I could, soothed her moat when I talked of those she had lost, questioning her about them. She remambered her mother dimly—a long, last illness, a pale and wasted facjp, and gentle hands and loving arms that used to be folded round her neck as she nestled againBt the siok-bed. That sick room and the dim light of wintry afternoons and the sound of the harmonium as her father playod soft musio in the adjoining parlour were things that seamed to have lasted for years. She could not look behind them. Her memory of mother and of home stopped on the threshold of that dimly lighted He had been her second self, the other half of her mind." " ' He believed in ghosts,' she said, ' and in second sight. He haB often told me how he saw my mother coming downstairs to meet him with a shroud showing faintly above her white summer gown, the night before she broke a blood-vessel, and took to hei bed in her last illness.' " ' An optical delusion, no doubt ; but it comes that natural to a Scotchman to believe such things. He should not have told you.' "' Why not ? I like to know the world we cannot see is near us. I should have died of loneliness if I had not believed my father's spirit was still within reach. I don't mind about those people being impostors. I begin to think that the friends we have loBt would hardly talk to us through the moving up and down of wooden tables. It seems such a foolish way, does it not ?' "'Worse than foolish; undignified. The ghoBts in Virgil "move and talk with a stately grandeur. Shakspeare's ghosts are kingiy and awful; they strike terror. It has remained for the nineteenth century to imagine ghosts that flit about a shabby parlour and skip from Bide to side of the room and flutter round a table, and touch, and rap, and tap, and pat with vicious hands like the touch of a toad.' "' I don't care what you say about those things,'sheanswered resolutely. There is a link between life and death. I don't know what the link is; but though my father may be dead to all the world besides, he is not dead to me.' " I did not oppose stubborn common sense to this fond delusion. It might be goodfor her to believe in the things that are not. The tender fanoy might bridge over the dark gulf of Borrow. I tried to divert her mind to lighter •ubjeots— talked to her of this monstrous .-London, of which she knew nothing and of which I knew very little. "On the following evening I took Esperanza and my old nurse to a theatre, a form of entertainment in which Martha especially delighted. I was not very happy in my choice of a play. Had I taken my protege to Bee Jefferson the would have been touched and delighted. Unluckily I chose another theatre where a burlesque was being played which was just a shade more vulgar than the average burlesque of those days. Esperanza was puzzled and disgueted. I discovered that her love of musio was an exclusive paBsion. She cared for nothing else in the way of art. I tried her with a picture-gallery, only to find her ignorant and indifferent. Two things only impressed her m the whole of the National Gallery—a landscape of Turner's and a face which recalled Jier father's. "My last Sunday before term began was spent almost entirely with Esperanza. I fiooepted Martha's invitation to partake of har Sunday dinner, and sat at meat with dear old Benjamin for the fitst time in my life, though I had eaten many a meal with his worthy wife in the days when my legs reaohed a very little way belpw the table, and my manners were, in sore need of the good soul's supervision—happy childish days before governess and lesson-books had appeared upon the scene; days in which life was one long game of play, interrupted only by childish ilnesaes, which were like bad dreams, troubled and indistinot patches on the fair foreground of ohild ish memory. The good Benjamin ate his roast beef in a deprecating apologetic attitude, sitting, I fear uncomfortably, on the edge of his chair. Esperanza ate about as much solid food as a singing bird might have done; but she looked stronger and in better health than on the night of the seance, and she looked almost happy. After the roost beef and apple-tsrfc, X took her to an afternoon service at St. Paul's, where the orgau-musio filled her with rapture. " ' I shall come here every Sunday,' ehe said, as we left the Cathedral. "I entreated her not to go eo far alone, and warned her that the streets of London were full of danger for youth and inexperience; but she laughed at my fears, assuring me that she had walked about the meadows and coppices round Besbery ever since she oould remember, and no harm had ever befallen her. though there were hardly p.uy people about. I told her that in London the peop'e were the danger, and exacted her promise that she would never go beyond the immediate neighbourhood of Great Ormond-Rtreet by herself. I gave her permission to walk about Queen'ssquare, Gnildford-street. and Me2klenburf>bsquare. The neighbourhood was quiet and respeotable. '"lam bound to obey you.'ehe answered meekly. ' I owe you so much gratitude for your goodness to me.' " I protested against gratitude to me. The only friend to whom she owed anything was my dear old nurse. "I had a great terror of the perils of the London streets for a girl of her appearance. It was not so much that she was beautiful, but because of a certain strangeness and exceptional character in her beauty whioh would be likely to attract attention and arouse curiosity. The dreamy look in the large violet eyeB, the semi-transparent pallor which suggested an extreme fragility, the nnworldliness of her whole aspect were calculated to appeal to the worst instincts of the prowling profiigate. She had an air of helplessness whioh would invite persecution from the cowardly wretohes who make the streets of a great city perilous for unprotected innocence. "She was ready to promise anything that would please me. " ' I do not care if I never go out,' she Baid simply. ' The lady who lives in the drawingroom has a harmonium, and ehe has told me I may play upon it every day — all day long, when she is out; and she haa a great many friends and visitB a good deal.' "' Oh, but you must go out of doors for yonr health's sake,' I protested. 'Martha or Benjamin must go with you.' '"They have no time to go out of doors till after dark, poor things! they are so busy; but they will take me for a walk eometimes of an evening. I shall make them go out for their own sakes. You need not feel anxious about me ; you are too kind to think Gf me at all.' " I could not help feeling anxious about ber. I felt as if I were responsible for everything that could assail or hurt her ; that every hair of her head was a charge upon my conscience. Her health, h6r happiness, her talents and tastes and fancies—it was mine to care for all these. My protegee, Stand ish called her. In this farewell walk through the dull Sunday streets in the dull October twilight, it seemed as if she were much more than my protegee — my dearest, most 8acred care, the purpose and the promise of my life. '' To-night we were to say good-by. We were to have parted at the door in Great Ormondstreet ; but, standing on the doorstep waiting for the opening of that inexorable door, whioh would swallow her up presently like a tomb, I felt , all at once that I could not sacrifice this last' evening. Standish. was dining out. There would only be loneliness and a roast chicken awaiting me at half-past 7. The ohicken might languish uneaten; the ghosts^mighfc have the dull commonplace room I would finish the evening with Martha's tea and toast, and hear Esperanza sing her favourite numbers of-Handel and Mendelsoahn to the accompaniment of an ancient Stoddart piano, a relio ot the schoolroom in my Suffolk home, the piano on which my mother took her first musiclesson. " It was an evening in Elysium. A back parlour is sometimes large enough to contain paradise. I did not question my own heart, or analyze my beatific sensations. I ascribed at least half my happiness to Handel and Mendelssohn, and that feeling of exaltation whioh only saored musio oan produce. There were no anxious questionings in my mind till after I had said good-by to Esperanza—goodby—till the third week in December, and had left the house. Thoee uneasy questionings were inspired by my dear old Martha, who opened the hall door for me, and said gravely as I shook hands with her— " * It would never do, Mr. George. I know what kind of lady your mother is, as well as anybody. It would never do.' " I did not ask her what it was that Would never do; but I carried a new sense of trouble and difficulty out into the autumn wind.' 