A Silver Coin. (From the Frenc/t nf A. Rogucnant.) Wni5N Hector Merot luft his office he found it was nearly midnight. He was annoyed at having had to go back just to correct his proofs, but the week before, in one of his finest articles, an absurd printer's error had just taken away the effect of a phrase which had been his pride, and turned the whole thing into ridiculous nonsense. Since then he had made a point of going every night to look over the final proof. It was the beginning of winter, and a cool wind was blowing. As he passed along the Rue Montmartre on his way to the Boulevards, it occurred lo him that he would have a glass of something to drink before returning home to his lonely bachelor's quarters. So he sat down at one of the tables outside a cafe, and watched the passers-by while sipping his punch. When he had finished he put a silver coin on the table ready for the waiter, and turned round to pick up his stick. The lights inside the cafi were being put out, so that everything was beginning to look very dreary. Just as Hector rose a hand suddenly snatched up the silver coin, and the thief immediately disappeared round the corner of the next [ street. In an instaht Hector drew another coin from his pocket, threw it on the table, called to the waiter, and then started off in pursuit. It was very evident that the thief knew lie was being followed, arid it was also j evident that he was inexperienced in his trade, for he ran on and on, up one street and down another, coming out again a hundred yards away from the place he started from. Hector was interested, for he was loo much of a Parisian not to know that the man in front of him was not an ordinary pickpocket. Hector himself knew all the side-streets and passages thoroughly, and j he suddenly turned down one, ran at full speed, and came out again tinder a lamp | just as the wretched man reached it. I Both men stopped short, and Hector! said, shortly, 1 Give me back my money I' The thief stood motionless, and the journalist saw, by the light oi the street lamp, the saddest human face he had ever looked upon. The man before him was apparently quite young, but his face was pale and pinched, and his black hair and mous tache gave him a ghost-like look. His clothes were shabby, and he had alto gether what the French describe as ' the look of a drowned man.' Hector, at the sight of such evident misery, felt as though he himself had been guilty of some crime, and when the wretched roan held out the silver coin to his ac cuser, without attempting to offer a word of apology, but with an expression of utter despair in his sunken eyes, our journalist could not find a word to say. He took the coin, put it in his purse, and then pressed the purse into the man's hand, and made off himself as though he bad been the thief. After ten years of uphill work and struggle, Hector had gained for himself an important position as journalist and art critic. His absolute sincerity and perfect competency had won for him golden opinions from the public, and his verdict on all matters connected with art and literature was always awaited with anxious impatience. In spite of his success and his fame, the first hard years of struggle had left their traces on him. There was always a touch of melancholy which he never quite succeeded in throwing off. He had seen the comedy of human life too near, and it is, alas! no comedy for those who are behind the scenes. On the bright May-day, however, Hector was quite gay as he entered Lcdoyen's restaurant. It was the open ing day of the Salon, and there was an animated discussion going on among a group of artists, sculptors, and journalists as to the respective merits of the works exhibited this year. Hector's arrival made a sensation, and many hands were held out towards him. Somewhat absently, and yet with the easy cordiality of a man accustomed to society, he answered the various greet ings, and then took his customary place at a small table, where Paul Nielesery, the young landscape painter, and Charles Zirtius, tile aquarellist, were waiting for him. With these two friends Hector could always enjoy himself: he knew and sym pathised with them thoroughly in theii Jove of art and in their utter contempt for all that was mean or mercenary. ' Why, Hector!' exclaimed Paul, ' you look positively radiant this morning. What has happened, and what have you been doing ?' ' Why! precisely the same as anyone else. I have been looking at pictures and sculpture, but I have discovered one piece which has done me good tor the whole day. A perfect masterpiece, an inspiration !' Hector's friends listened eagerly, and at the neighboring tables the conversation ceased, for it was worth while hearing what the great art critic had to say, and hearing it from his own lips before the papers got it the next day. ' There certainly are some fine tilings this year in the Salon, hut in my opinion there is one that surpasses all, one such as we only get once in about ten years I mean Jean Meunier's ' Wreck.'1 A murmur of approval was heard from the other tables as Hector pronounced the young sculptor's name. Very soon the buzz of conversation was heard again, and Hector and his friends continued their repast, all three of them in the best of humors with them selves and with all the rest of the world. During dessert Charles Zirtins got up from the table and went across to the other end of the restaurant. He soon returned, accompanied by a tall, hand some mar, of about thirty ; well dressed, and bearing the unmistakable slipup of a gentleman. His dark, deep set, brown eyes were full of restless energy, but there was an expression of earnestness in them which almost amounted to sadness. This morning, however, his delicate, oval face was lighted up with happiness: I'aine had appeared to him; Glory had touched him wi\Vi hci wings. ' Hector,' said Charles, ' I want to in troduce my friend to you, Jean Meunier.' The journalist rose quickly and shook hands warmly with the young sculptor. 'I must thank you,' lie said, 4for the enjoyment I have had this morning. Your ' Wreck' is a marvellous work of art, and I certainly think I have never felt so much pleasure in seeing a piece of sculpture as in that.' The artist drank in these words from the critic with delight, and, on Hector's invitation, he took a seat at the little table where the coffee was giving out its inviting aroma. Dnring.lhe conversation Hector looked hard at Jean, trying to recall where and when he had seen that refined face with the intense expression in its dark eyes. He thought of various acquaintances he had made at clubs, artists' studios, caffs; but no, he could not recall having met this man before, and still the look in those eyes haunted him. Finally, hs decided that it must simply bs a resemblance that he saw to someone else, and he got so interested in the con versation of the three artists that he forgot it at last, and ceased to ransack his memory. Gradually th« tables around were deserted, and Hector called the waiter and paid the bill. He left some change on the table for the waiter's pourboire, and seeing that he had not picked up a small silver coin half hidden by a plate, he called him back, saying, ' Take this too.' Suddenly Jean Meunier looked at it and then at Hector. His pale face became still paler, the impression in his eyes still more intense, a shudder ran through him, and at the same time the memory of an utterly wretched face seen on a November evening by the light of a street lamp, ten years ago, flashed across Hector. They were all getting up from the table; he smiled sympatheti cally at the young sculptor, and held out his hand, which the latter grasped and wrung silently, but tvith gratitude of his whole soul. Hector and Jean were from this day forth Arm friends, and the sculptor told the story of the utter misery and poverty he had been in when Hector's timely and sympathetic help had rescued him from dispair and his beautiful young sister from death. She was now twenty years old, bright, happy, and gay, the very sun shine ol his home. Hector was a frequent visitor at the sculptor's studio, and he often joined the brother and sister at their dinner-table. The tinge of melancholy gradually disap peared from his lace, and one morning the following announcement was seen in the papers: * The marriage of our emin ent critic, Hector Merot, with Mile. Hdlene Meunier, the sister of Jean Meunier, the well-known sculptor of j ' The Wreck,' is shortly to take place.' 