A MONTANA DIVORCE SUIT. BY W. L. ALDEN In "THE IDLER.'.' " Yon law that tall chap ataodbe on tho roar platform ol tho exprcsa when she wont through here thio morning: ? " said the Jerfpho station-muter. 11 He's tho Athcnaviilo Baptist preaehor, and he's on hu way to Chioaoo to gtvo nil testimony In the great divorce inU. Wbat I I never told yon about any divorco suit! Well! yon surprise me ; for tbatthwro divorco suit is just toe biggest thing of tho kind we have ever bad in thb soetina ui tho country. " Tnst Baptist preacher hasn't uuything to do.tviTa it except to swear that bo married tbo plaintiff and tlie defendant. There's nothiug crooked about the Rev. Mr Humphreys. He's as good as they make 'cm, though I say it myself ; and I don't thiuk much of .Baptists as a gonerat thing, havinc been brought up a Methodist, though I resigned from them when I was inndo a conductor, which is a berth that a mnn can't do any thing with unless he can swear a blue streak whan thooocuion arises. "Tbisbycr preacher took char go of Athens- rill Baptist Church a matter of flvu years ago, aod being a wonderful man for managing a church, and making it attrac tive to tho general pnbiic, it wasn't long beforo he had the largest congregation of any preaohcr in the place. That year the peoplo built him a now church twico as big as tho old one. It stands on tbo hill about a mile out of Athenaviile, for when It was built it was cal'latcd that the town would prow lu that direction, which lomehow it basu'i done. " I toll this jait to' shuw what an enter- prising man tho person was. Ho insisted on naving tho tallest steoplo to his now church that could bo found anywhere In Montana territory, and b'gosh ! he got it. People uiod to some from miles away to climb up In that, steeple and see the viow. Tbero wasn't any view to speak of, tho country being too hilly iu tueso parts to havo much scenery, but for .all that peoplo were anxious to say that they bod been to tho top of the steeple. "There was an old tcald in Mr Humph rey's congregation who was moro determined to cet married than any woman you ever saw. She was oue of those thin, preserving- looking women ; and a mighty dangerous sort thoy arc. Miss Pnyaoo, which was this lady's name, was bound to marry a young man by tho name of HaUcy, who had novor done her any harm, and was about at sensible and wsll-bebaved a chap as tbero was in all Athnnavilio. Of courso, ho didn't have the least Idea of marrying tho woman, but be was one of those Rood-tornperud chaps thataro always afraid to say no whsn a weman asks them to do anything. Good temper ia the ruin of lots uf folks. It's kept mo down, I know that. If I'd boon ono of these crusty, rampagcoua fellows that never does a kind' action if be can help it, I should havo been superintendent of this road in stead of boiog only a station-master at ono of the smallest stations tn tbo Territory. Hover you be too good- tempered. Of the two, it ruioa moro mon than whisky. " Oce day, Hiss Paysou bIic gots young ?oBloyto take her tip in tho stouple of thu Baptist Churoh. Yon boo, visitors wore al ways going up that stceplu botweon the hours oi ten and Ave, during which the sexton stayed at tho church to attend to things, and Bao that everybody conductod themselves as they should. At o o'clock ho locked up the door that led to the atceplo, and then ho locked up tho church door and went home for tho night. " "Miss Payson and bor young man went up tbo steeple about three o'clock iu tbo afternoon, but she said (bo enjoyed It so much that Halacy was prevailed opou to stay there with Iter a good deal lator than ho had intended to stay. She kept him pointine out all the houai's in tbo town and every hill and valloy in tho wbnlo neighborhood ; and when she finally asked him to look at his watch and tell hor tb time, ebe was, as r.ho pretended, dread fully alarmed to had that it was half-past five. Halsey ran down the stairs and found that the door wsa locked, and nobody was within hcariog. Tbo sexton had forgotten that there woe anyono up tho steeple and had locked up and gone home at five o'clock, ni usual, liasloy came back and told Mis. Pay- eou, who burst into tears, and said that ber ro- putitiin was ruined. Sbo and Haalcy would have to spend the night in the steoplo, nnlea- ho was willioe Jo jump oot of tho window and break bla neck, and she would rathordie a thouvaud.timw th m let him do that. "Halsey was considerably scared himself, ior ha saw that, unless ho could invont some way, of .gotting Miss Payson out pi /lut stooplo, ho would havo to marry her vhctbor ho wanted to or not. Ho thought tlie mattor over for a while, MUs Payson woeping her level best, and railing her boad in a forgetful nort of way - ou hU shoulder. Finally a bright idea struck blin. There waa thu boil rope, which was a stout one-mob manilla. Why shouldn't ho lower Mis Payson to tho ground with it, and th«u slide down it him- aelf ? " Ho explained his plan to tho lady, but hodidn'tacom to like (t.iNhe sold she was suro the rope would break, or that ho would drop It, or that abe would bo killed in soma sort oi way if tho experiment was triod. 'No,' says she, ' I will romain hero, aud trust to your honor as a gentleman to dfennd mo from the sneers of the heartless world. I really bavou't tho courago to allow you to lower ma down this awful boight with any rope.' "Hasley wouldn't hear to her objections, and argued with her along timo. It wasn't until he accidentally menttoood that the steeple wtu just chock full of mtco, and rats, and bats, and such that Mi Fayson con sented to try the rope. Even then aho wan a mighty dissatisfied woman, and earns very netr reaolvinc that she would tnko the rink uf the wild aotmala rather than Iceo such a urst- olasaohauoo of oapturitig a dralrahlo husband. Halsey rigged up a sort of Host for tho woman, so that sho could sit in the bigbt of tbo rope, with lashings around ber hero and there, and couldn't fall out if she wanted to. Then ho got hor to stand on tho window ledge, and loworod away. Miss Payson shrioked a good deal at first and begged Hftlaoy to let her corao bick and <iio close to bim, but ho wasn't going to havo any woman dying around bis aack if he knew himself. 80 be lowered her down gently and easily, encouraging her all tho time, till he found that his ropo had come to an end. lt wasn't quito n long as he had suppoied tbat It was, and the upshot was that therowas oil lea Payeou about thirty Lot from the ground, with no possible way of' reaohinc It unless Halsey should let go hia hold of tlie ropo. " He thought of letting go of it, but, being a-humuno, good-tempered man, ns I havo said, he couldn't bring himsolf to do it, since the result would have been that either Miss 2'ayson would have been killed or at least most of her limbo would have boon broken. So he madotheondof tho rope foot to abeam, and called out to Miss Payson nut to loio courage, aod ho would hood thiak of some way of gsttiug hor out of tho dlfiiculty. She begged him to draw hor up again, and ho actually tried to do It, knowing all the while what the oonsequcoces would be If ho succeedod ; but he found ' that he didn't hare ihe necoi- Buy strength. Miss Payson waa heavier than aho looked to bo, though sho waa mostly bones; but sho waa a good seveoty-fivo feet' below him and it would have taken two men of bin straugth to havo hoisted hor into tho steeple again. He pulled at the ropo till ho waa pretty asnr exhausted, ior ho natur ally felt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he wasn'titrong enough to do. Huwcvor, ho had to oome to It at last, and tell her that if it was to save both their fires he couldu't manage to null her back into the steeple. 80 she settled down to cry, and be settled down to amoke a pipe, with a view to oloaring his ideas. "All of a sudden ho saw what ho onghhto do, and wondered that he had been such an idiot as not to havo seen it be tore. There was the bell joet abovo his head, and all ho had to do was to oUoib up and ring it by swinging the olapper frum side to tide, till the alarm should , bring back the sexton with the keys. By this time it was getting rather dark, and fZaltey ass to work it that boll, and kept on tolling it stow and regular, for , , that was (he only way ho oould manage to U ringie. "It's the custom with ns to toll the. bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many' - strokes on tho bell as the deceased bad lived, years. When Halsey began to toll that, bell tho Athens- yille people iisteued to find out how old the deceased had been. When the strokes had got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in the town most have died very sudden, lor bs bad been soon drank ss usual and in psefsot health that aftornooa ss late aa thrco o'clock. But the bell kept ou, and soon, after it bad tolled some two hundred Aad fifty times, and showed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that tho sexton Jtod' joso-bsp psned'io hear about the fteath of Methuselah, and waa notifylncothor pconls of tb fact. 14 Yon may ask why didn't somebody go to tho otiurch and find oat what tho bell was ringing for. Well for ono thing it was just sapper time, and nobody folt anxious to take a walk of a mile or two jast at that hoar. Then, too, it had been said that tho Baptist churchyard was haahtod, and there wasn't any central de- Biro to intsrfcro with ghosts iu cose they abonhl havo taken a notion to toll the bell. Tho tolling kept on till Halsey had tolled the hell four huudred times, and thoo the Buv Mr Hamphtuyn arrived ou the spot; and when he htuid M«.n Paysan'e voice some- where In the airotcr his had. he was con siderably startled, though not being a bs- liever iu ghosts hu wasn't the least bit fright- " 'Uow on earth did you oome up there, ma'am?"' asks tho Minister. "'And what are you tolling tho boll for? ' " Miss Payeou oxplained what was the matter. £5 he said that she and Mr Halsey hadcomo to tho church in tho afternoon cal- 'lating to find the parson there, and to got married ; that not finding him they hod gono into (hoateeple to see the view and had acci dentally been locked in. She was suro that she couldn't live many minutes longer, sho felt so weak, aud she hoped Mr Hum phrey would marry her to Mr Halsey with out aootber tn> uto's delay, and ho tavo her reputation, even if it didn'tsavcherlifo. The minuter wanted to send for help, and get her safe on the aolid ground before marrying her. but ehe said that eho uxust be married beforo sho could daro to fxca any of ber townsmen. Such, she said, wore alto dear Mr Hasley's views ; and If Mr Humphreys had the feelings of a man and a Christian, lot alone a Baptist minister, ho would go ahead with thomarringo soivico. " Mr Humphrey finally conscutcd, and called out to llalsoy to nod whoa ho should boo tho minister wave his right arm, that being tho only way iu which naleey could make tho rcsoouecs, ccoing as his voico didn't fairly reach to the ground. Having arranged this satis factorily, as bethought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, aud in altout two minutes na had Miss Payson married to Mr Halsoy. Just then tbo sexton came up with tho keys aud knowing where lie could lay his hand on a length of rope, hu took it op into tho steeple with him, and bent it on to the bell ropo. Then ho and Mr Hasley lowered Miss Pay- hod to tho ground, uud came down tho stairs together. " You'll find your wife wailing for you in the graveyard,' waul Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsoy. Sho's naturally a little excited, and suo's resting on a fia; tombstone.' " ' If you mean Miss Payson,' says llalscy, 4 1 can't undtratand wby you call her my wifo.' 44 1 call her your wife,' said tho minister, because I have just married you two, aud I don't allow no man to question tlie binding charootcr of any marriage that I havo a hand "'Married us!' nrisd Haloy. 'Wbon and wboro ? This is thu i.ut time 1 havo heard of it.' "'Young man,' snys tho parson, 4 tnia- hyer s u serious subject, and I don't ap prove ot joke on eltbor wedding, or funerals. Mis Payson told mo when sho waft hwmglnc thoro Iu tho air that you and she wautud to bo married tho worst way, and so I married you. If there is any mistake I'm not to blame, i've done my best as minister of tho Gospel, and if you don't liko it you can go to tho Divorco Court and roe if you can get it altered. I tell you candidly that I don't beliovo any court will listen to you, for my marriages arc ironclad and bullet proof every timo, and worth a good sight moro than five dollars that I'm waiting for you to pay me." 44 Well, Ilalsvy went home pretty mad. without waiting to see Miss Paysou, and tho very next day ho hodn a (uit for divorce. That's the groat divorco suit I was telling you about when I pointed out tho Rev. Mr Humphreys to you. It's bsen dragging along for four yous. Sainotimos it's decided in favor of Halsoy, aud sometimes in favor of Miss Payson, and then it's alwajs appealed, and bus to bo tried over again. Muw Payson, she stieks to it that Halsoy had agreed to marry her, and, that ho under stood perfectly well everything the parsouBaid whim the ceremony wax going on. The parson says that iiulsey nodded as was agrcoil ud:d when ho ask«il him if ho tooa Miss Paysou to bo his w/iddcd wife, and nil that sort of thing, ami that Halsoy had hold of tho rope that was tied to Mis Payron, which was all tho saute as having hold of her baud. Ou tho other hand, Hul-oy nwcar tbat he never meant to marry tho woman, and uover know that a marriage coromony was being gone through, but tlmt hu just nodded ont of friendliness when ho paw thu parson waving hits hand at him. Tho ovldonuo, as you oan seo, in protty straight uguiiiHt him, and when ho doss happen to got n vardict it coat him a powerful lot of moiioy, for our jurymen aro mighty honest aud high-toned, and it takes a good deal of monoy to iuduca thorn to eoo thing in a light favorable to Halsey. I'm in- turceted in tho casu btcauso of its importance, for if tho courts finally docide that a man osn be married to a woman wh3n ho i 75ft above her, and don't know what ts going ob, nouo of us is aafe ; and first you know that some woman that is rutihing through hero on tho oxprees will be married to mo while I am selling tickets in my olfios, and knowing no moro about it than a child an- hung. Well, there i no use in sitting and dreading dangers that may never come tu time, and I suppose that If it's a man' fate to bo marrio-j ho's got to knock under, snd there's no good in worrying himself over it till the time comes.'' 