IOBIS?ANE-STItEET CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. At the Brisbane-street Congregational Church on Sunday morning the pulpit was occupied by the l1ev. J. Parker. He chose as the subject of his address St. Matthew xxviii., 18, 19. Giving special emphasis to the latter verse-" Go ve therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost"-he said he wished to tell the congregation how he, as a missionary in Mlongolia, tried to obey that command. With the aid of a large map suspended at the rear of the pulpit, Mr. Parker pointed out the town of Chao Yang, in Mongolia, the central station of his mission field. It is situated about 450 miles to the north-east of Pekin, between the northern wall of China and the boundary of Manchuria. The population was a mixed one, comprising Mongolians and Chinese. The latter were the tenants of the former. Speaking on the method of preachling the Gospel adopted in this new mission field, he said that at the back of his house were two rooms, one a dispensary and the other a chapel. The house could be described as a place enclosed on three sides with mud walls, and on the fourth with a lattice work covered with a semi-transparent substance, which ad mitted light into the interior. Each morning persons came for medicine, and, utilising the chapel as a waiting-room, he gathered the appli cantsthere first and spoke to them of the Bible, impressing upon them that the spread of the Gospel was the primary object of the mission aries' visit into the country. Tile people there, following out the teachings of Confucius, had a great respect and reverence for their fathers, so that the best way of winning them to Christi anity was by putting God before them as their Father. By daily preaching he was enabled to reach a large number of people, as about 4000 patients passed through the dispensary in a year. Another methlod of introducing Chris tian teaching was by selling copies or portions of the New Testiament to the natives. By the aid of the British Foreign Bible Society, full copies could be sold for 2d., and portions of it for the fractional part of a penny, so that even thie poorest of the patients could take some portion of the Word of God away with them, perhaps to distant villages, where the village teacher would be called in to the inn to read its contents to the crowds gathered there on winter evenings. Colportours were also en gaged-three of tlhem--wleo travelled over an area of about 100 miiles withl their load of books on their back, and sold them to thie people. They also acted as preachers of the Word of God, and opened up new stations. Last year these lmen sold not fewer than 3000 portions of the Gospel. Allusion was then made to the diflculty the preacher experienced in teaching the people of Mongolia how to sing, but he said he had been compensated for his trouble in ultimately getting them to sing about sixty or seventy hymns with some degree of aceuracy. Mr. Parker referred to the superstition of the people amongst whom he laboured. Mr. Gilmour was the first one to visit Mongolia, tell years ago. Since then, sixty persons had been baptised, and there were now fifty-six baptised members of the mission or Church, four of the sixty having died. When it was remembered that the roll was revised every year, and the names of those who were not true were struckl off, it was satisfactory to know that there was now a membhership of fifty- six. There were four stations, and three native teachers were at work, two of whom were sent out from his (Mr. Parker's) congregation at Chao Yang. From the standpoint of comparison that was very gratifying. How many Churches in Australia sent forth two missionaries to foreign fields each year ? There were also ninety worshippers who were waiting to be baptised. His was the most Northern station in China, there being none between his and the Arctic circle. On the west there was no mission station within 1000 miles and on the South none nearer than 250 miles. And within that large district there were hamlets, villages, and towns where the Gospel had never been preached, as no foreigner had ever been near them. A great deal of work had been done in China during the last ninety years, but there was still a great deal to do. Referring to religious work in Australia, Mr. Parker said "As I go through the different colonies I am glad to see that you in Australia have not neglected the spiritual wants of your people. If anything, I think you have almost overdone it. I have been into your country where one can scarcely see a house, or not more than two or three of them, and there I saw one chapel opposite to another. I am glad indeed that this Church, the Congregational, is doing a grand spiritual work in this young country. But I can point you to a greater field, China and IMongolia. I believe that I am not speak ing to unsympathetic hearts when I tell you that there are hundreds of millions there who have never heard of the name of Christ, and never will unless we take the Gospel to them. I hope that you will give the mission cause your prayerful and practical sympathy." In the afternoon, the Rev. J. Parker gave an interesting address to the Sunday-sehool children, in the Building Society's Hall. After the scholars had joined in singing "Do We Love Our Gentle Saviour?" Mr. Parker ad dressed them. Describing the journey from Pekin to Chao Yang, he said it had to be ac complished in carts resembling large dog kennels on wheels drawn by mules. The wheels were fitted with very long axles, which, owing to the badness of the roads, were very useful in keeping the conveyances from com pletely capsizing. About twelve days were occupied in accomplishing the journey, and only two meals a day were taken whilst travel ling. The inns had mud walls. Inside was a platform over a brick oven with a straw mat near by for a bed. The oven was filled with bnrushwood and lighted and the end blocked up. Thus the beds were made warm-indeed, sometimes a great deal too warm. The food had to be partaken of with chop sticks, and the cooking was all done in the one pot, which was also used for boiling the dirty clothes. The passage through the Great Wall of China was guarded by soldiers, who made much nfuss when one applied .to pass through, but when the applicant produced his i passport he was reluctantly permitted to enter. On account of the presence of banditti outside of the walls, watchmen had to be kept on guard at the inns during the night. They manipu lated an instrument which made a kind of tap ping noise, and thus thieves were warned that persons were on the watch. Having alluded hriefly to the appearance of the town of Chao Yang, Mr. Parker told of the need of wearing warm sheepskin clothing in the winter time to protect thepeople from the bitterly cold weather. Mongols had a peculiar method of praying. A large cloth, on which were written the prayers of Buddha, was suspended inside the door of the temple, and the blowingof it about by the wind was taken as the repeating of the prayers. A lama, or priest, would work and pray at the same time-praying bymeans of spinning a top on which the prsayers were written. The Mon gols had no knowledge of God. In conclusion, Mr. Parker said he hoped to see many Aus tralians go forth to the mission field. .There could be no nobler ambition than to seek to bless others. Mr. Parker then sang a hymn in Chinese toan old favourite Sunday-school tune, and the service terminated with prayer. In the evening the large church was filled to the doors. Mrs. Parker occupied the pulpit, and she gave an interesting account of her work amongst the Chinese, concluding by asking the congregation for their prayers and practical help in the great mission cause. 