PARLIAMENT OP NEW SOUTH WALES. (From, tht Herald.) TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. QUESTIONS ANSV7ERBD. Mr. Eeid promised Mr. Knox thai he would post pone the granting of land for a wharf at Bradley's Head till the public had had an opportunity of judging of the desirability of tbe concession. Mr. Sleath wished to know whether an ex- member was in the habit of travelling on the trains free on the strength of his Parliamentary reputation, but Mr. Beta had not beard of this colossal fraud. But his faith in human nature, especially in Parliamen tary human nature, was too great to enable him to credit the rumour. Mr. Gould said that the man Johnson, whose name haB been prominent in the Butler conspiracy case, would not be placed in bolitary confinement. A SUBUBBiH RAI I/WAT PROPOSAL. Mr. Angu« Ctimeron moved ia favour of the con struction of a railway to cbe eastern suburbs of Vaddington, Woollahra, Waver)ey, and Rand wick. He dwelt upon the present necessity for railway communication and tbe future great expansion of Sydney. Circular railways, us they had them in the cities of the old world, were wanted, for there was no city of equal size in the world so badly off for rail communication. Mr. M'Elhone was bitterly opposed to the scheme altogether. The sort of suburban line they wanted to see »tarted was one to Walgetb or the Queens land border, but he would have none of this pauder ing to tbe people of a few suburbs. Mr. Haynes wanted to see a general railway con struetion policy brought forward, for then the country would get a chance. That was what was wanted. The country languished whilst the city and suburbs were honeycombed with 'buees, trams, and milivay lines. Then Air. Haynes produced his reason for opposing the railway. It was that the most potent factors in opposition to a land tax were the townspeople. Mr. Storey supported the motion strongly. He referred to the 'free, pure, health-giving air of heaven' which would be obtainable by the masses if the line were built. Mr. Neild supported the motion, being careful to explain that bis motiTes were purely disin terested, S3 bis constituents would not be affected by a line — they wore already well provided for. The Minister of Works showed the impractica bility of the line at present. As a preliminary of a line to the eastern suburbs they must have a line to King-Etreat, and that he showed had been estimated to cost .£150,000. Than a line to Band wick and Waverley would cost ? ^7-11,000, and these amounts were irrespective of the resumptions, which had been computed at £350 000, bnt which he thought would come to three or four times that amount. When the railway policy of the Govern ment came under consideration the line would not be forgotten. For the present the motion should be withdrawn. The suggestion was not taken, but eight o'clock struck, and the motion was seen no more. *HB FINANCIAL STATBHBNT. The debate ou the Financial Statement was re Bumed by Mr. See. The inevitable justification of the financial policy of his Government whilst in power occupied a few minutes, and then the Trea»nrer's system- of debiting proportions of public works expenditure over a period of 30 years wan severely condemned. The sinking fund de parture was merely a method of getting rid of an obligation and passing it on to posterity. By a feat of legerdemain, said Mr. See, the deficit had been altogether obscured, and then Mr. Keid had appropriated the saving of the late Government in regard to the road vote. Dealing with tbe figures for '95-'96, the estimated surplus for June of iii81,i37 was chiefly to come from the hated Dibbs duties. But the most important part of the statement was the item 'special appio priations,' which it was shown in the estimates would absorb £2,890,300. But they were only asked to provide £2,712,602, which meant the, carrying on of one year's obligations to another year's accounts. That was the virtue of the ' cash basis' system, said Mr. See scornfully, and it was neither fair to the public nor theHouBe. There was no saving— only jnggling. Then there naif ttita nuia scv ui/nu uuum iuc tieamug oi draw backs, but that would be greatly exceeded, because directly the merchants found the new duti«3 in force they would export bulk goods, claim the drawback, and reimport them. But here the Premier broke in to explain that drawback could not be leg«lly claimed unless the Customs officials were assured that the goods were genuinely for export. But Mr. See's contention was that once the goods wers exported they could never be identi fied. Therefore the sum of £60,000 in excess of the estimate wonld be required for refund of draw backs. ' It is all ancient history,' «aid Mr. Keid, as the ex-Tre«surer went to the ghosts of dead eatimareB nnd recoiled misty millions from buried accounts wherewith to refnte the Premier. If tho true state of tbe accounts had been a(-t forth, there would have been a deficiency of £134,000 Finally, the Post Office eitiraates wei e under-estimated, and then, of course, the new taxation proposals were all wrong and could end in nothing but disaster. At thiB point Mr. Keid, who had avoided tbe last hour or so of the financial instigation by the simple expadient of staying outride, came bnck and cheer fully cued 'What, the same old merry-go-round?' ae he found Mr. See in apparently exactly the same place as when ke lett. ?' Don't be insulting, cried Mr. Lyne, and a few minutes afterwards, amidst whirling figures and the gloomiest prophecies, Mr. See subsided. Mr. Storey was ready to accept eve'y figure pnt forward by the Treasurer, and he predicted that the Estimates would be rather under than over the figures stated. No d- ubt the estimates depended entirely on tbe policy of the Government being carried out ; but he entertained no doubt that it would bp. Then, after heartily endorsing the tfovemment and all its works, Mr. Storey suddenly perorated and explained that ' the same power that had piled up the mountains of this fertile country' had implanted indomitable courage and love of country in the breast of every Briton, and would directly bear on the Premier's policy wirh the happiest results. Mr. Giving had been forced tn the conclusion that he must be brief. He complained that £345.000 had been taken from current expenditure and charged to loan account ; hut werae, much worse than this, wntt tbe poliny that was going to transfer the work of the country to foreign workmen. The time wa« coming when the- peoples of European extraction would insist on their workers securing their heritage, wh'ch was to do the work of the country Ihey lived in. Finally, it was ' idle to dtecuBB a policy that would never be realised ' — a conclusion whinh, it could be wished, were realised oftener and earlier. Mr. F. Clarke inveighed against a land tax for an hour or so. He didn't care what Mill and Adum Smith and Carlyla had paid, his ' own practical observation war sufficient for him,' nnd the hon. mpraber fiercely dismissed these mildewed autho rities. Stonewalling appenred to be the tactics of the next speakers, nnd whilst Mr. Price was addressing the House a cnriouB little breeze aroBO. Every few minutes members left enthusiastically, »nd thero was no quorom. In one of these pnuses Mr. Lyne (^Ob Up v»* inn*~ i.ur; utiunri nnu kilo UMtlll LLHIU, 1UT, Farnell, pointed out that this wns disrespectful to the chair. Mr Lyne resirted the tone and the termR, and remarked that he ' wonld do ju6t as he liked.' ' The honourable member will reeumo his seat' came from tbe Chair ; hut the honourable member retorted that ho would do nothing of the kind, and puited the notion to the word by walking out of the Housb, requeHting tha Chnirmnn to inform him who he (the Chairmin) was to give him orders. In thiB dilemma Mr. Farnell appealed to the Premier for Bupport, but Mr. Eeid only said, ' Let him es cape thiB time.' Mr. Price concluded ftt last, afrer which tho re solution wns agreed to without- division and read a second time, and the House adjourned at 12.80 till to-day. 