PARLIAMENT. -+ LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1895. The SPEAKER took tho Chair at half-pait 4 o'olook. PETITION. Ur. HARPER presentid a petition from residents of Greenhills concerning tho con- struction of the railway to that district. QUESTIONS. The ATTORNEY GENERAL, in reply to Mr. Piesse, said that the Government had no intention of introducing a mensure dealing with the destruction of ground vermin and bird pests this «eseion. The DIRECTOR of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Jame?, said tbat tae dredge Bliok Swan had been empl >yod on the Canning River sinoo August, 1892, to dita, or tbree years exiotly. The work done hid boen 7,250 lineal feet, or about one and one fifths miles of channel, dre Jgod to a minimum depth of about 4fr. at io v water, with the exception of samo cilted-np patches which, would rrquire further deepeniog. This chan- nel had been pil d, staked, and wattled throughout the creator portion cf its length, and wherever deemed neoesssry minor acces- sory works had been executed ia the way of general improvement?. The labonr had binn practically all convict. The oos*-. t> dato was £3,113. The objeat ot the work vat to protide a channel for river steamer« and other small ora fe from tbe mouth of til« river up to the Cannington landing. WLhjnt these works shallows and snags rendered tho water unnavigable, and prevented advantage being taken cf tho water carriage to develop in- dustries and settlement on the banks of the river. The amount of work to bo done was about 900 liuo*l feet of dredging and piling and about -400ft. of ttiking and wattling. This would bring the new channel into abont ] 4ft. natural depth of water. The time ex- pected to be taken with the remainder of tbe work was about five months. It was ex- pected thnt the prinoipal work could be finished about the now year. EE POETS ADOPTED. The report of the Commi'tee on 1h9 Rail- way end Theatre Refreshments L'oensitg Bill was adopted ani the third reading made an order for Thursday. The report of tho Committee on the DatieB on Estates of Deoeased Persons Bill was adopted and the third reading made au order for Thursday. THE MARRIED WOMAN'S PROPERTY BILL. This measure was considered in committee. On oltuse 5 (Short Title), Mr. JAMES drew attention to what he termed the scandalous ic justice in connection with the law in regard to married women. At the present time, although a woman might own .£ 10,000, she oould not be compallad to pay any debts she had incurred. He moved to report progress on tho olause. Progress was reported, ROOKY BAY. The Housi went into oomnittoe to consi- der the message of tho Connoil in referenoa Í to the depositing of stone, etc,, in Roeky Bay. j The CO ii MISIONE B of RAILWAYS moved that a message be sent to the Connoil steting that a report bad been adopted that stone, etc., deposited in Rocky Bay should not go beyond a certain line near the shore. The motion was agreed to and reported. COMMITTEE OP SUPPLY. 5 The House wont into Committee of Supply. Mr. LEAKE] Baid tVafc ho would withhold from a criticism of the Estimates in detail, but would criticise them more closely, espe- cially the Publio Works Department, later on. Tbe departments were larger, and there were more salaries to be paid. He was glad to see that the Government had followed out the idea of constructing publio works from revenue-an idea which came fran the Op- position side of the House. (Laughter.) He was glad the Government bad accepted tho proposal. There was no room for attack in the principles of the Budget, and they had to congratulate the country on its sound financial position, which allowed them to be liberal. It was comforting that the policy of borrowing was checked or suspended, but the Government was going t> ride ÜB other favourite hobby, and that was spending money. Was tho ospendttura of the money instilled P Ho thought they should be more liberal in their tixa'iou. Had the estimates b on before the House when the Repeal Duties Bill was discussed be had little donbt they wonld have added to tho free 1 st, < x'onding the schedules and reducing the ad valorem duties by IS per cant, to 20 percent. Had .they the finanoiol proposals of tbe Government before .them, they could baye gone further in av king the reduction of taxation. He was. more than eyer convinced of the nece ssity for the reduc- tion of Cußtoms taxation, pepeeia ly when he considered that the revonno was likely t» inoreaso even beyond the estímalo of the Premier, who flattered himself it was gco.3 policy to under.-eatimate to. be on the safe side. He was of opinion that the snrplus revenue for the next year wou'd be consider, ably in exoets of the bon, gfntlemaa's estimate. Ho would not be Burprisod to learn on tba 30th of next Juna that the revenue exoeeded the exponditurö'by u quntt.r of a millón. There was no reason why the progress sh uld be hindered* - Evtrythlng went td prove Mat tho progresa had only jost began, and would continue at a greater rate next year. In re- gard to tbe increases, instead of tbe increases cf £10 be would pref er to see a fixed salary against eaob position. The idea of the email iboreaE03 was unsatisfactory to the 3overn meal, to the members of the Home, and to tho o'erlci themselves. Ministers must be pea erad with frequent applications for in. oreases just before the estimates woro pre pirod. Tbe lower branches of the servies K oro well paid ns oompared with the remunera- tion pi-'d to thoBe who had been a period of s imo dozen years in the i servioe. There were a few items on lha estimates about which be wooli like to make a few observations. The first he wished to refer to was the " medical." Last year a Bill hud been passed under which a Medioal Bjard was to be appointed for the benefit of t';o management of the varions hospitals. He could not find from anything in the esti- mates that this Board had been appointed. What were tba Government doing in this matt« P The Police Department was the next subject he wished to refer to. He tbongbt that as the districts were extending very rapidly they should have more inspectors and better administration generally. He suggested that tho members of the local detectives shtuld be exchanged for short periods with the ether colonies, so as to enable them to become acquainted with those UDde.irablo persons who were finding their way-among tbe many desirable persons-to the colony. The other colonies might be in- duced to land tb sir officers to us in order that they may spread their knowledge of the oriminal olassoB among our own detec- tive force. With referenoe to prison dis oiplino, he strongly objected to the practice oommon in tbe colony now of remitting the sentenoes of hardened and blood-stained criminals who had been sentenced for life ot for a long term of years. Although he did not at this moment intend to go into th« itemB in detail, he desired to say something ii regard to the item beaded Defence. " Under" the heading he noticed ¿32,856 for " field d*y« expenses and State ceremonials." This seemed a v«ry large sum, aud he would Uk« to know if this was the thin odge of thc i wedge-a permanent militia. The AT TORNEY GENERAL: The item ie on the Estimates every year. Mr. LEAKE : Last year it was only ¿$200 ; this year it is ¿22,856. If, he added, they { were going to barn ganpowder and hoiBt , fiigs to tho extent of ¿¡2,856per year hs sup ' peted they would have some very imposing oeremonia's. (Laughter.) Coming to the Agricultural Land Bank, he was very much afraid that this institution was not going to be that success whioh those who voted for its establishment last year imagined. The COLONIAL TREASURER : There is plenty of time ; we will ECO bye and-byc. Mr. LEAKE, proceediog, said they had now had a trial of the working of this institution for the past few months, and it oertainly could not be regarded as satisfactory. He saw no suggestion even that t the institution should pay its way. Yet this was the strongest argument in favour of the estab- lishment of this bank last year. Its supporters said, " Oh, it will pay its way," but they now found thtA this was not likely to be sb. At present there was not tho ghost of a chance of its paying ita way. The only way to get rid of this bank was to repeal the Statute creating it ; hut be was not prepared to say whether the present was the proper time to repeal tha measure. AK HON. MUMBEE: Will it be time next year. Mr. LEAKE would not Bay that even next year wonld be a proper time ; but it was a proper time now to wara hon. members what waa coming. It waa time to warn them that the Agricultural Bank must eventually prove an absolute and total failure. Mr. SIMPSON : Sear, hear. (Laughter. Mr. LEAKE, resuming, said that the method of collecting foes waa unsatisfactory. There was too much cash going through the hands of the clerke. Ho hoped that the Government wsnld Bee their way to institute a syetom of stamps. This system would be especially advantageous in court rcoeipts. It might also be extended to tho Post end Tele- graph Department. He understood that a similar system bad boen adopted in the other oolonies. He thought that the Worka_ De- partment estimatiB required going into thoroughly. He gathered from the way the estirantes bad been framed that it was the intention of the Government to separate tho Works and Bailway departments. If this was so, be thought it was a move in the tight direction, and perhaps it would avoid future orilisionF. With reference to the proposed expenditure for pttblia works ont of revenue, he thought Borne districts bad nothing to oomplain cf. Perth and Fremantle seemed tb g t tho lion's share, tut it was a curious fact that Alb my got very little. Perhaps, ;t served Albany right, however, for- sending I snob a member to the House. Large expendi- ture was promised ia York, Northam,, Kew cutio, and B verity, for court- houses. No doabt the Hau.se vraald require some _ og explanation of thea) items later on. . He waa pleased to note that it was i tendoJ to, give new Police and Supreme Court) for Perth, He would like to suggest, whilst on tl ii subject, that he «aw no good reason why thc39 two Courts should not be under one roof. Thia would be a very con- venient qrrtingementi and he hoped to see the Government carry tb) idea out. He oonld not, however, for the life of bim see where tho necessity bad a isen for erecting all the ngriou taral halls which it was pro- posed to do all ov. r the o lony. The Hçnse too; weald no rl< ubt want some otplanatior of the propped expenditure of, ¿¡30,000 ot th« goldno ds forde v.^opment. What did ii m.auP Ho wau,!* like to \wvr% tofyhoj mach the Government had lost ob these fields. It will be remembered that last year a very large sum was lost. He required more information and mere weighty reasons for the ereotion of a third bridge at York York had already two bridgeB, and he wonld like to know what York had done to deserve another. (Laughter.) He was glad to see that the Government were looking after the Mining Department. He hoped the House would deal in no niggardly manner with those offioers who had to pat up with so muoh inoonvenienoe on the goldfields. They should give salaries whioh wonld induoe the best men available to aooept what might be called unsatisfactory billets. He wonld have liked to have Been a great many mere altera« tioni made in the Education Department. . What had been done with the money voted last year for teohnioal instruction P He as« sured the Government of his support in es- tablishing institutions for technical eduea* tlon for the young throughout the land. It should be the. aim o! a good Govern» ment to teach ohildren something that would prove useful to them iu after life, He did not think that they oonld do better than to teaoh their ohildren tho. prinoipleB of first aid. If'they taught their ohildren to be humane they taught them to be good men and good women. In the Post and Telegraph Department they found the expenditure there. had increased enormously. The department was likely to ooma in for some adverse oritioiem, to say the least, during the debate. It waa a pity that the Minister, who had oon trol of the department had not a seat in tho House to hear the criticisms of hon. members, not only on the Opposition side, but on tho . -Government side of the House. What he had to complain of was the niggardly spirit in the control of that department. Taking the telegraph operators, for instànoe, who spent from 8 to 12, or perhaps more, hours., per day la transmitting messages all over tho' colony and ont of the colony. How were they paidP He found there wera no less than ten operators reoeiving ¿6110 annually, and six ef them were receiving ¿6100 a year. That was not the way to get good work done. If there was any department in the publio I servioe whioh was underpaid it was that of the Telegraph Department. These men bad to qualify for these positions, and then they found that they had the enormous prospect before them of reoeiving from ¿6100 to ¿6190 a year. He would like to see the Government more liberal in this direotion. The operators were not only required to be qualified, but they must be trusted by the department and the business people, and if they did not pay them well perhapB they contd not afford to ba honest. If they heard of a leakage in the telegraph department there was something wrong. Humours had been about that inform« ation of value had orept out of the telegraph offioe, and one way to prevent this was io have not only efficient bat trustworthy officials in. obarge. ThePoBtal Department was never expeoted to be directly renumerative, and it seemed to him that the Postmaster General'« first pride was to balance his returns aa equally as possible. He was never told to do that, but to make the department efficient. He thought the Government was following » goo .it prinoiple in asking the House to advano» monies for public works out of current revenue. (Hear, hear.) i Mr. ILLINGWORTH supposed that both ' sides of the House were fairly well satisfied with the estimates. He congratulated th» Ministry and the country on the snooasB of I tiie past year, whioh had exoeeded the ex- pectations of the most sanguine. There waa I a danger arising ont of the Buooess, a danger that the eucoees would continue and continue I in the same ratio. Beoanse there was an I increase there was no reason for extrava»' . ' ganoo, and he complimented the Government I on resisting the temptation in this direotioa ? which bad no doubt been held ont to them. They had not toe greatly discounted the) ; future. He thought the Premier bad done him au injaetioe, possibly unintentionally, in saying he bad stated it vas easy to estimate the revenue of the country. He had not said that, oat that it waa easy for a commercial man to estimate the revenue through the Customs and he now deolared that the Government had under estimated the Customs revenu* by £100,000. He had twitted fie Government last year with under estimating the revenue, and for the. reason that as they were then going to borrow they should have counted upon all the resources of the country.. ¡ for then there would have been no necessity j to borrow so largely. He thought this year ! it was a virtue to und ir estimate, the revenue. ! because the Government would be the bet .or able to resist the applications for expenditure He drew the distinction botween this yeo* and last year. Last year they were going to borrow; « thia year they were going to spend. Tho Treasurer had beon oat 30 por cent, in his estimate; and it was fortunato that he was out on the right aide. He thought ; tbs Treasurer should bo more accurate, atd ; th*t more reliable information should be I given to the House to carry out their inc» ; portant duties. The Treasurer had received 1 ¿$513,000 through the Customs, meaning ¿CS . lÓs. pey head. The Victorian Customs taxa- tion waB ¿61,809,000, about ¿»116a, per head I ol the population. Tbe 'oountry might ba. able to afford this fcxatioa at present-he tbonght it was ; but it wa» a heavy tax. Ho impressed upon the Qoveanntent the absolvt» ncoessity of usina surplus money only npea those works which could be stepped at once, that theçe hp no. permanent increase In th» expenditure. There weM 'tonight days before tbfpn, but assuredly there were also darker ! days, and it waa. th» wi « lom» of the Govern- ment not to, malte a. heavy, permanent ia* oreasQ.- H$ did not «sicthat men shphMb» under paid, but veil paid. At th? támltftte» ' tibe^tRoMbft'^ Civil Service, which meant permanent ex- penditure. When tba dark days came it wonld be bard for them to rednoe the Civil Service. He congratulated the Government on making pnblio works oat of revenue. He was of opinion that the Pnblio Works and the Ballway departments should be separated, as combined they were too great for one man to have the oontrol of them. Ho thought the oountry was loading Mr. Venn too heavily in giving him both departments to control, end be thought the Government shonld consider whether be sbonld not be relieved of one of those departments. Ho regretted that tbe Government had not paid off the Treasury Bills. The COLONIAL TREASURER: They nave «814,000. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : When did yon do thatP The COLONIAL TREASURER: Long ago. Mr. ILLINGWORTH was glad of it. He attributed to the loan policy the falling away of enporta. They had fallen off to the amount of £2,621,000, the difference between ex- ports and imports, and the pnblio debt bad increased to £3,000,000. The weight fell on the weakest production, and that was the pastoral industry, which paid the worst. Directly they borrowed money they discour- aged production, and they discouraged it where it was weakest. As to mining, he esked the Government not to repeat that the mines were a burden on the colony. Mr. FORREST : They sevor said so. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : They said it again and again. Mr. FORREST : Where P Mr. ILLINGWORTH : It is in Hansard, all over the pages. Mr. FORREST : Point to it. The COLONIAL TREASURER t We have alwsva said the opposite. Ur. ILLINGWORTH said that £165,000 bad been obtained in direofc taxation from the »ines and £102,000 had been epent. The mining industry bad contributed to many sources of revenue and be thought the Gov- ernment should give it all the consideration ic deserved. (Hear, hear). Throughout the estimates he could see the principle of "spoils j to the viotor." He wai certain that the Government wonld deal fairly with all the constituencies. |He bad hid no cause for oomplaint in the past and had no doubt be would have nothing to oomplaia of in the future. He summed up by saying there had been a euooessful year, with a snrploe, and the {government had aoted wisely generally in disposingof the surplus. It was »principle that unproductive works should come f romrevenue, and borrowed money should only b * spent on reproductive works. Thea the oountry would escape the diaaiter which bad befallen the colonies in the Eist, and Western Australia would be led to a great and glorious futnre. .> (Applause). 6.30 The CHAIEMAK left tbe Ohair. The House re-assembled at 7.30 p.m. THE ESTIMATES. In Committee the debate on the Estimates was resumed. Mr. RICHARDSON said in rogará to tbe remarks of the hon member for Nannine on the question of taxation, the fact that our people were paying so muoh through the Cus- toms was no indication of their being heavily taxed. He would rather say it wai an indi- cation of their purchasing power. It was an indication that the people were very well off, o? they could not afford to pay so large en amount of duty. Then again, a very ' ? large proportion of the prodnots exported was gold, and the return was au unusually heavy percentage of imports. They must not look so much to the amount of imports as to the " rate of dutieB. Notwithstanding all that had betn said about ad valorem duties, when they reflected that the bulk of the daties were 5 ..?> ' ito 10 per cent, they could realise by that they «rere not overtaxed. As a justification of the .raxWay policy of the Government he pointed out that it resulted in a saving annually of . .6250,000 in freights alone, whioh oapi \- talised represented the interest of five millions of money. In reference to land settlement the Premier had stated that «ko amsunt held nuder conditional pur- chase in 1894 was 486,000 aorea, as against 409/WO aores in 1893. This showed Aooordfag to the Premier's statement, en in- crease of 77,000 aores of fresh land taken op. Bât the amount did not inalnde the amount of land held mader conditional purchase whioh had been* redeemed daring tbe period and?r review, w£í<* was 26 OOO aores. So that the actual inoreasi? pf new land taken up under conditional pai^-hase was 103,000 acres. (Hear, hear.) One patter held up os a cause for regret was the ra^er slow rate at which agricultural development- was going on. Still the ratio of progress was net so Blow as some of them imagined. Last year there were 193,000 aores under cultivation, and the popu- lation at the time was 80,000 people. That showed en average of 2fr aores per head. While the land under cultivation was ' that amount per head during an abnormal increase of population, they found in 1836, when the population was 40,000 thora were 86,000 acres under cultivation, or an average of 2 l/7th aores per head. He con eluded his remarks hy congratulating the Colonial Treasurer on having such a healthy «md flourishing statement to submit. He Joined in the wish exprèssed by the hon. mem- ber for Nannine that thiB Government-or any ^Government whioh might follow-might neve> pe tompted into an eztravagent policy ofrecklessnessinconséquence of possessing .large revenue. (Sear, hear.) .'?"Mr. PIESSE congratulated the Premiar on .y .t-^m^!^i^Mt^ffémh. Beferenoe bad , . INM»' made by the member for Albany to tbe > necessary institution. It was true that thi amount expended on it compared with th< business done was rather large, but they mnsl remember that tbe bank was on'y atartec nine months ago, and it had to stanc all the initial oost. He thought tbai in a year or eo the manager wonk bare a different tale to tell. H» ooulc assure the House that from what bo had seer: in his own distriot the Bank waa doing t most sound business. AU tbe money hui had been lent on rory good security. It wat anticipated when the bank «as prop> end thal tho farmers wonld rush it with appliostionc for money, but this had not been the oise, and the reason was that tba farinors were men who intendod to go along cautiously, They did not wish to oome here and hang a mill-stone round their neoks by b rrowing from the country. This was a v>;ry good thing, and showed that tho money lent would be well used. He congratulated tho country on the great increase in the land se ttlement of the oolony. Hs was pleased to think this faot would mean a great improvement in the produotion. He hoped that the Premier was not relying upon a good retu n from chaff through the Customs, because be was sure that this item would almost bo wiped out from tbe Customs revenue. Ref-rring to tbe Police vote, be said that he hoped that in future the commissioned officers and inspec- tors would be drawn from the body of the Police Force instead of men being appointed from outside the force. He hoped that the men in the foroe would bave come induce- ment to work up in future. Thero surely were men in the body of the force who were wall conversant with the duties reauired of them. The Agricultural Bureau was auothe matter in which he took a keen interr st. Hi repudiated the idea that the Burean was ne doing all that was ezpeoted of it. It wa doing a splandid work in eduoating tbi people on agricnltural matters by ver? oredi table publications, one of whioh bad tecentlj been distributed among the hon. members Some hon. members seemed inolieed ti sceai at the labours of tho members of this Bureau but those members gave up a lot of theil time and travelled great distances to the per for manee of their duties in connection witl this body, and he thought they should rooeivf tho thanks of tbe well-wishers of agricultor* in the oolony. He was not a member of thc body now, so he oould speak freely on it He heartily congratulated the Government on the magnificent condition of the financée of the oolony. Mr. THROSSELL said that a great ad vanoe had been made in agriculture. It wat necessary to advertise the lands more. He noticed that the Agent-General com plained that he was not supplied with sufficient infor- mation of the agricultural landsiof the colony to place before thoee who interviewed bim, He regretted that no steps had been taken to settle artisans on blocks in the vicinity of the towns where thoy worked. He boped the Government would give more attention to the " blooker" system, whioh had bees so euo oesaful in South Australia. He advocated the bursting up of the large estates. They oould re-purofaase all the land in the Avon Valley without the expenditure of a penny of State money. It could be bought on debentures by the Governmentand re-sold to small occupies at par. He did not think the ¿611,000 for education would be a eoffioieat increase. He regretted that there was no provision for a water supply for the Avon Valley, whioh had been settled for sixty years. When tbe Pre« rater made the grand tour of tho Avon Valley he spoke about it aB the pride of the oniony, the beautiful Avon Valley. Yet he did not provide for a water supply for tb» br ge towns. He thought the greatest misfortune for a young man at the present time would be to be doomed to enter tho Government eor vioe. Ho was of opinion that there should b? a life assurance system attached to the eer viee, and be hoped they would go further and provide a State life association in Western Au-tral'a. Outside the Broke and the Agri- cultural Bank there was no institut i m to whioh the farmer could go to borrow money. He complimented Mr. Simpson on tho settle- ment of the eooleeiaetioal grant question. Mr. R. F. SHOLL regretted that be had not studied the estimates so much as in the past. He was, however, pleased to hear suoh a satisfactory statement as had been placed be- fore them. Their revenue had increased to an extent wh:ch the most sanguine never anticipated. The expenditure had aleo inoreased almost in eqnal proportions. If the Premier's estimates «ere oorreot they wou'd expend mow than they wonld reooive, but tbe Premier had wisely under e»timatsd their revenue, and he thought he was wise in not being* too sanguine: If tho Premier erred be erred on the safe sido. Ha thought one remark of the Premier was Tatber misleading. In dealing with the expenditure last year he said they had spent less by ¿617,737 than was estimated. There was, however, ¿6200,000 voted for neoesBary works whioh was not expended, and ought to have been expended. There was also a sum of ¿611,000 voted for bridges wbioh bad not been expended. At the same time the Government bid spent a sum not authorised by Parliament amounting to ¿636,222. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Where did you get that from P Mr. SHOLL : I got it out of your es'i mates. The COLONIAL TREASURER : It baa given yon a lot of trouble, I think.. Mr. SHOLL : Not at all ; I have done it to- night while in the House. Tho incidental vote ha<l been exceeded by close on ¿65,000. Tbe COLONIAL TREASURER: There are always indrafts and over drafts. Mr. SHOLL agreed with the other speakers os to the desirability of InoreBBlng tho salarlos ment wonld introduoe a Civil Service Bill BO that officials would know exactly in what position they stood. AB to the Civil Service Commission, it had been nearly two years in existence, and as far as the House was oon oerned, they did not know what work they were doing. It was most unsatisfactory, and if no hon. member moved it be would move that the Commission be cancelled. He com- plimented the Agricultural Bureau ou the good work they bad done. At the same time he thocghtthey muBt keep oontrol of and watch thi s department very carefully. Tb e aooounte of the Bureau ought to bo audited by the Auditor Genoral. He considered the balanoe Bheet of the Burean laid on the table of the House was misleading in respect of its alleged credit balance of .6256. He thought it rather too soon to express an opinion on the Agri- cultural Bank ; ia its first year they could not expect it to show a satisfactory statement. He considered the mining community had reason to complain that OB the only mineral line built in the interest of the goldfield tnere shonld be deferential rates. There was a marvellous return from that line, and he did not think it should be taxed for tbe sake of the agrioultu ral lines. He would lise toses the Government enter upon a water conser- vation polioy, and be thought ¿630,000 voted for artesian boring would be well spent. They ought to send to Queensland, whare they had had experience in that direction for men and machinery. He was sorry that the Govern- ment had not put a sum on the estimates ont of their surplus revenue for tbe purpose of building some abort and neoessary railway lines. If this had been done it would have made a good impression outside of the colony. He hoped that the Government would not want to go too fast now everything was pros- pérons. He notioed they were putting a lot of their money in brioks and mortar, wbiob was undesirable. Mr. SIMPSON said the people of the coun- try were enormously taxed and a day would come when they would not be able to bear it. Complainte had been made of the disgraceful negleot in<rep«iring the Fremantle jetty after the collision by tho Bothwell Castle. There were threa mea and a boy engaged upon the repairs. In speaking of the pastoral industry the Premier bad made a gravo mistake, a grave indiscretion, in referring to finanoial in- stitutions. It was just when one of the banka had closed its doors, and at that time it was a great mUtake to attack tho banks. He had never believed in the Agricultural Bank. He regretted that nothing hid been done to dis- cover artesian water in the arid district!. Hi bad many words of praia a for the Agricnltural Bnreau. He was sceptical as t> the railway reoeipte, whioh he thought included wharf- ages. Ai ti the ecclesiastical grant he thought Parliament might wisely suggest some form of investment. (Mr. MOBAH : Put them into Great Boulders). Eaeonrage ment should be given to the timbar iuduitry, and ho would have supported a vote of ¿620,000 for wood-paving in the oapital. He congratulated the Oîuutrp ea the splendid way it was responding to theas3ÍBtanoe gt veo ta it by borrowed money. Mr. LEFROY said that it was sa'isfaotory for him to note that the speeoh made by the Prämier hod net been omited at to any great extent. He was sure if there was anything very wrong they would have soon picked on it on th* other side of the House. Mr. SIMPSON : Oh, you'll soon be adopted over there. (Laughter.) Mr. LEFROY said he did not think that the taxation per be»d in the oolony was any- thing very extraordinary. He thought that if the great staple product of Australia wool-would only go np in price a little the ontany would be in a more permanent state of prosperity. Ha was not sorry that the Government intended to spend money on the imorovm°,nt of pnblio buildings, for he believed that nothing attracted people to a country more than fine and noble buildings. Mr. MORAN denied the statement thit the members representing the goldfields had shown any antipathy to measures brought forward by the agriculturists of the House. Thi mining representatives never on any oc- casion twitted or sneered at the eff orts of the agriculturists. Convng to the Railways De- partment, he wished to point ont that out; of the total rrv'nue from the railways, whioh amounted to £293,000, £140,000 was re oeived from tho Yilgarn railway. - That was jutt half of the total reoeipte- Last year the Commi«eioner of Railways had promised that if the Yilearn railway should show signs of 'lying, he would reduce tbe rates to the lavel of those of tho other rail WOTS, and he (Mr. Moran) contended that the time had now arrived for the Commissioner lo vindi- cate his promue. The goldi!aids members only asked for what was just, and nothing m TO, and he hoped that as he and other gold- fields representatives had supported tho other sections of the House in securing their rights those members would support him in getting ' jostioe for the goldfields. As to the general revenue, they found that the amount re- ceived through the Customs was ¿6513,009, and of that the Yilgarn district, with its 20,000 people, paid il10,000. Coming to mining revenue, the smoont co'leoted was ¿651,049, of whioh Yilgarn contributed .£30,000. The liaens»8 on the Saids oam* to £2,000. As to the Post Office, the revenue was 440,000, of whioh £10,000 could be put down ti Yilgarn. The stamp duty amounted to £22,000, and of tVis ¿67,000 oame from Yi1ga*n. The total revenue from the goldfields he put down at £321,000. As to the expendin-e, the Mining Department expenses would amount to £38,000 ; water supply was esti- mated at £23,000, There waa the np-keep of the railways and the expenses of the post office, the latter of wbloh be had put down, at £B¡000. , He espsoWliy urged the Govern* the goldfields and the sanitation of the towns, which was a Government work. Mr. GEOEGE said that the budget speeoh was one that they could all be proud of. The Premier had thrown out a welcome to all to come and join in the prosperity of the colony. He also congratulated the Government on the faot that the railways were paying. Mr. H. F. SHOLL : But your railway, the Southwestern, ia not paying. Mr. GEORGE wonld not take the bon. member as an authority. One mistake the Government waa making was in patting down only £10,000 fer rolling stook. He bad in- terjected when the Premier made tbe state- ment that the sum was too little. The Government had sud it was all they could afford ; but he maintained that the sum was not half enough. The rolling stook was not only insufficient, bub it suffered from a terrible IQ want of repair. He wanted to ask the Government to consider whether they oonld not devota tbe money saved on the esti- mates for the construction of the Coolgardie line, to procuring extra rolling stook. He complained of some of the conditions in the i Publio Works oontraots whioh were tyran- nical. It was tbe only country be kn JW of where the Engineer-in-Chief, who made the conditions, was the arbiter in owes of dispute. He thought the Government ought to provide a sum so that there oonld be com- pensation to do justioe in thea s cases. As to the Publio Works Department, thsy were fostering a huge system of day work instead of ono enraging the system of oontraots. He was qaite sore the Harbour Works would be oarriod out in just as efficient a manner by contract, and with very muon more satisfac- tion to the employees. Thesa Government works mult;plied the irrespontib!e officials and led to political influence which, if it did not lead to the downfall of the Government, would lead to the downfall of the oonntry. He objeoted to the Government blooming huge employers of labonr in works whoso very exietenoe depended upon che employees. He also objeoted to the system of Govern- ment votes whioh existed at present, and whioh were administered more as the result of importunity than of right. He thought if they had more oapable men in the publio servioe they could do the work with smaller staffs, and they oonld do away with the expense of objectionable reoords which were so costly to the oauntry. Tho delay in paying the accounts in the Publio Works Department was also a great matter of cam plaint. On the item, His Excellency the Governor, Ur. E. P. SHOLL asked would th? Governor continue to draw bis salary whilst he was the director of a bank and of a mining company. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the leave of abBenoe of the Governor was until the 16th August, but the Government bad not been informed whether His Excel- lency bad resigned or whether his leave had been extended. On the item Office of Colonial Secretary, Mr. LEASE moved that progress be re- ported. ProgrPBB was reported. CROWN PROPER TY PROTECTION BILL. Tbe second reading of the above Bill was carried. SALE OF GOODS BILL. The first reading of the above Bill was agreed to on the motion of Mr. James. ADJOURNMENT. . 0 35 The House rose until 4.30 p.m on the following day. 