The Tory Government. We print elsewhere a short interview with Mr. Michael Dayitt obtained by our Adelaide representative. The founder, of the Land League is pro bably from the closeness with which he has had to watch political movements in the United Kingdom, as . good an authority as anyone at present in Australia on British parlia mentary practice. Mr. Davttt, it will be seen, was like every one else, not prepared when he first heard of the British Government's defeat to believe that it would be followed by a resignation. He thought thai the vote was a snatched one which might be rever sed and that, even if it were not, the Hosebery Government would itself go to the country instead of giving way to its opponents and letting them, appear before the elec tors as the men in possession. This estimate of probabilities was per fectly justified, and. in fact the only reasonable one that could be come to on the data to hand when Mr. Davitt spoke. However, the latest mails now received supply interesting particulars which throw light upon the position of the Rosebeby Cabinet in its closing days, and are inferen tially a guide to some extent as to the chances of * the coming gene ral election. In the first place the hostile vote concerning the ammunition reserves was not managed entirely by surprise. There had for some time been genuine uneasiness on this subject. Weeks a*go the . ' Broad Arrow' — one of the principal service paroers — had the following paragraph: We do not -wish to pose as pessimists, #r to sound a note of alarm, but we have ?. excellent grounds !or asserting that many . of our- 'Military supplies are insufficient, more especially so in the matter of small arms ammunition. This is a. matter oh national importance, ? and we hope that things are not so bad as they iiave been represented to us. Tie army and the public have, however, a right to be told the truth. .We trust that, some member of Parliament who : takes an interest in army subjects will put such questions in the House of Com ' tnons as will elicit the true facts of the jcase. If our alarms are shown to be groundless we shall have the satisfaction of, knowing that -we have been' instru '' mental in setting at ease the minds of ' many officers -who are now Tinder the im- } : pression that our store of small-arms ammunition is dangerously low. 'On the other hand, if our fears are well grounded then -'the matter must be pushed to a satisfactory conclusion without delay. The Government thus must have known that serious questions ,, would \- from the 'way in wibieh by-elections' had been going, it must have known, o -that on serious questions it would have to be careful. There have been many ~by-elections since the general elec-' ' tion of 1892, and when tike figures 6f these byrelecianns come to fee ana lysed it is seen that the aggregate of -votes for seats contested' since the general election shows a majority of 1700 against the Liberals, while at the general election the same seats showed ,aj majority «f 1100 fe»r the Liberals, or, as they . them were, the -Had- stonians. The aggregate vote en ihe Unionist side had largely hi ereased, wihile the Liberal vote on a larger total poll had slightly diminished. The striking result of thecomputation,publishedon May 16, was contributed to by West Dor sat, a typical English agricultural constituency, where the Tory majority increased from 878 at the. general election to 1213 at the by election, and Wai worth, a typical poor London working class constituency, where a Tory, reversing .the result of the general election, obtained a clear majority over a Liberal and 'a socialist combined. After Walworth earn© Inverness-shire, a typical Scotoh crofter constituency, which chose a Unionist to replace its retiring Home Rule member ; the Liberal Government was evidently getting into deep water. By-elections are traditionally untrustworthy guides, but Walworth seems very generally to | have been considered the writing on j the wall. The ' Sun,' one of the most radical of London papers said of it, ' The association of humble workers like those of Walworth, with a cause championed by every duke and every landlord in the country, is one of those things hard to understand.' After the Liberals had brought about this thing hard to understand,, they offended their Irish supporters by that unfortunate Oliver Cromwell affair, and they may have been anxious to get out of an un tenable position. Probably that is what Mr. Balfotjr meant when, as our to-day's cables show, he declared in the House .of Commons that the Eosebery Cabinet should have dissolved, not resigned. The Liberals have come to their pre sent pass because they have been, since Mr. Gladstone's resignation, too unstable to excite popular enthusiasm. Lord Rosebery was lukewarm about Home .Rule, and, that being apparent, the attack upon the House of Lords for its rejection of Home Hule hung fire. To add to this Lord Rose bery's illhealth has been a great disadvantage. Sir William Habcourt is also no longer at his best, and in the Commons, not to mention their over whelming superiority in the Lords, the Unionists have a superiority in de bating power. The probable list of the new Cabinet given to-day shows a' very strong combination. The chances of the elections are for the Unionists. The rocks ahead of them are the divergent views of Mr. Chamberlain and L^rd Salisbury upon Welsh disestablish ment, and the extreme likelihood that Irish obstruction in Parlia ment will revive in full force, that is with the enlrgy of the Par nell-Biggar days and will render business practically impossible. A enrions illustration of the way in which a parliamentary representative in New South Wales tried to do a little stroke of private business, while apparently only attending to I his pnblic duties, was afforded yesterday at Corowa in the District Court. Eobert Barbour, who in the last Parliament sat as & member for the old Murray electorate (Deniliquin), sued a mother and daughter for -£50, for work done as an agent for the defendants in pro' curing the validation for a selection taken up in the name of the daughter. It had been a conditional purchase, but wa3 forfeited through non-fulfilment of the residential conditions. The validation was to be accomplished through the passing of an Act of Parliament affecting a number of selec tions, including the one respecting which the M.L.A. in question was specially interested. The act was passed. It was led up to by the labors of a Select Committee of which Mr# Barbour moved the appointment, and of which he was chairman. It was, as he frankly ad. mitted, in this connection that he claimed to have been a laborer worthy of his hire. In other words, he dio- not attempt to deny that, while presiding over the deliberations of the Select Committee, he was also acting as the paid agent of the mother and daughter. As if determined to leave no donbt as to the exact footing on which he had stood, he besought the Judge, when a verdict was given for the defendants, not to impose costs on him as ' there was a contract.' It was fortunate for Mr. Barbour that his Honor, previous to giving the highest costs against him, refrained from giving the plaintiff also that piece of his mind at which he so strongly hinted. The matter .which, however, will now probably be exercising most people's minds is aa to whether this shining patriot ?was an exceptional type during his public career — or only a too -common one. Of course, there is no such man in the pre sent Parliament, Still, it is xo be feared that cynical people will refuse to believe that the remarkable* methods of turning an honest penny which Mr. Barbour so coolly confessed that lie had practised are . to be considered among the lost arts. The Jtote of battle seems to have been Bounded withV peculiar effect in Cork in connection with the approaching Mr. William O'Brien. The Dillouites and Redmondites have had a /desperate fight in the streets of the city, houses have been wrecked and many people injured. The turn which political events h&ve; now bo suddenly taken is, however, calculated, one would think, to give pause to the rival nationalist factions. Ihey will soon be confronted with a com mon enemy* Mr. ~~* Hedmond and his small following in Parliament have to a slight extent helped to bring about the €own* fall of the Eosebery Government.' At all events what little they could do has been done virtually in the interests o? the parijy which is now that of the ** ins.'* That party, unless it be prepared to go back on its -own most afcrerraotia professions — which is not' in lihe 'least. likely! —though deteiaunedly opposed to the gospel of Irish nationality as predeaed on the side with which Mr. Billion is Identified, must hold that of which Mr. fiedmond and his friends are the propagandists in utter eon tempt. A petition in favor ^of ^bimetallism h&s; ! been presented to the Chftnoellor of \- the &tth;«iuer. Sir William Hawoort, ' ? ? » '??' ' Be may well think' in the present situa tion that to invite his , -co-operation in this matter ie adding insult to injury. Sir William is a mo&ometaliist; of a most uncompromising type, , and seemingly Considers the advantages of - the system 6« demonstrable as a problem in Euolid. Anyhow, _ the question as to whether he and his Ministerial' colleagnes have. any chance of running eurrent again alto gether dwarf a that of rival theories as cur rency of another kind. The German Emperor's mood towards Eng land appears, for the moment at any rate, to be one of extraordinary graciouaness, A special compliment has again been paid in $hat direction by his Majesty in requesting . that the British fleet sent to , Kiel gbonid remain , there , for two days after the departure, of the squadrons sent by the other Bowere. This comDliment, though accepted, no doubt, with an ap propriate show of satisfaction, may, after all, be slightly embarrassing to England, as suggesting possible suspicions in quarters where suspicions are only too apt to be entertained against her good faith, even when there is no aaadow of a cause for them. Perhaps hia Imperial Majesty's enthu siasm for England's ' first line of defence ' has been generated by his diligent study of that American expert, Captain Mahan'e celebrated work oa *' Sea Power,' in which it ia shown how in the long run Eng land's navy counted for taoie than all the legions of the First Napoleon. Only a few days ago a Sydney trading steamer brought the news of the cutting off of a small trading vessel in the Solo mon Group and the massacre of her two white owners and their native crew. The craft was looted and burnt, and the bodies of the victims went into the maws of their cannibal murderers. And yesterday the steamer Mount Kembla adds another to the long and ever-swelling list of tales of treachery and bloodshed. The inter island trader Sea Ghost, which, the natives on two previous occasions tried to cut off, has mysteriously disappeared, and it is only reasonable to suppose that she, too, has been seized and her hands mur dered by the blood-thirsty savages of the Solomon Group, which has been well named the grave of the white trader. When some two years ago the southern portion of this extensive and fertile group of islands was annexed by Great Britain, *t was prophesied that the harrowing deeds of murder, wholesale and individual, of Englishmen living or trading in these islands would come to an end.. But, so far from; this being the case, the Austra lian community have been shocked, on the arrival of almost every vessel from the Solomons, with accounts of dreadful mur ders either of white traders living in iso lated portions of the group or the whole sale massacres of trading vessels and their crews. The traders themselves complain very bitterly of the 'inadequacy of the protection' afforded them by her Majesty's ships of war patrolling the Solomon Is lands. They might well go farther, and call it the semblance of an inadequate pro tection. Before the southern portion of these islands were annexed by England it was customary for the commanders of war vessels when hearing complaints from white men of native outrages or murders to impress upon the complainants the fol lowing: You are living in a country of treacherous and bloodthirsty cannibals; you came here, at your own risk, to make money. Her Majesty's Government did not send you here, and her Majesty's ships of war are not 'specially cruising in these islands to protect British traders. Of course, I will do all I can for you; but you must remember that these islands are not under the British' flag; if they were, it would be different, and these murderers and cutters-off of ships would be brought to justice, &c.; But, at the present time, the whole of the Solomon Islands are under the English and German flags. In the northern portion — that controlled by Ger many — where the natives are perhaps worse than they are in the British part, outrages upon Germans rarely occur. Wild and treacherous as the natives are, they have been taught that the murder of a vrhite man trading under the German flag means a terrible vengeance — not, as it is in the case of an Englishman, an affair of an armed landing party making an empty demonstration, burning a village or two, and killing some unoffending pigs. Still, as that part of the islands where thepe murders occur with such awful fre quency is part and parcel of the British Empire, it is only fair that those adven turous Englishmen ;who seek an honest livelihood there should have as much con sideration from the naval authorities on the' Australian station as do Germans from the men-of-war of their nation. Apia, the hybrid-inhabited capital of Samoa, cannot be the abode of that dreamful idyllic peace one would naturally look for in the balmy isles of Polynesia. Just at present matters seem to be even is a more perturbed condition than they were a few months ago, when the cheerful Samoan carried his neighbor's * head around on a pole as a symbol that the authority of the Treaty Powers' agreement was going to be kept up at all hazards. Then the white residents were not interfered with to any extent, although some hints were, '.thrown put by the Samoans that unless. ' the Berlin Treaty officials were replaced by new jmen there would be trouble. Yesterday the Maripoaa brought the sews that the Tamasese, or rebel, faction are holding the Government of Malietoa and his European advisers at defiance, and are calmly concerting a night attack upon the .town of Apia, setting the King's head upon a pole, clearing out the white popu lation en. globoi and reverting to the Old tribal form of government. The worst of, - this tumor is that the threat can be very easily carried out in the absence of any Bhips-of-war. Another unpleasant feature of the case is that everyone who knows anything of the hideous misgovemment of the country by the Euro pean officials of the Berlin Treaty Act'cannot withhold their sympathy from the Samoans, provided they tarn {he whites out without cutting too many -throats. The ship Blythwooa arrived last flight from Rio de Janeiro in ballast. She left Rio on April 18, and had 'moderate weather to the toeriaian of Cape JLeeuwin. She there ''fell in with & heavy northwest gale, veering to west, lasting two days. The storm raised a terrific sea, in which the sMp rolled tremendously. Thence unsettled weathfer prevailed to 'Sydney. The ship was off the port on Saturday, and owing to south and ^south-west gales had to shape a westerly course. TThe burning of the Canadian barque Annie Stattdrd at Dieppe Is traceable, according to -evidence supplied to Hie Dominion Department of Marine sad fisheries, to peculiar. If not un paralleled, causes. It seems that the vessel carrfea asfoallast about fifty tons *jf flint stones. While lying light alongside the -quay the pitching aad roiling of the -vessel pro . dncea friction between the Stones, and thfi Is siippoge£ to h&tfe; originated a spark or *parkB, . *f&ifch; ..ignited the' ceiling. As -the Annie Bt3fEora had previously earned petroleum -car- ?j^oes the interior 'woo&woiflt; MroiVi, of conrfle, lie in a tavof&tte; -66&ffi;^OB Krt tatiflg fitt.— 'Aatj-. fettff «Mtttfe' . ' ' 