LATE COUNTRY NLWS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDSNTS.) ALBERTON, April 22. I must not forget to mention a track over the range, which well repays lovers - i beautiful scenery to travel, namely, that to Cotton's Plains and thence to George's Bay. Oa arriving ac the Plains (in ext nt about six square mile?) on a clear day there is visible one of the pretiesfc patches of scenery in Tasmania— George's B*y ahining like a silver streak to the east, Bass Strait, with a splendid view of Ringarooma Bay, Waterhouse Inland to the north, and Mount Victoria to the south. The fauna and fbra contdet of kangaroo and badger in abundance, a large variety of rative grasses, plenty of waxatah on the Plains proper, &cd; oeh-ry top pine, and a very pretty species of sdow berry on the surrounding ridgop. IVr (h information of any one wi3biDg to vist this beauty spot I may say it is reached by two hours' steady walking from Alberton over a fair track. Mr E. Jones, of New River, bad the misfortune to be burnt out a few nights back ; house and furniture, also a barn containing oats, etc , being completely demolished. At the subsequent enquiry an open verdict was returned. A social in aid of the sufferers was held at Eingarooma, and was largely attended. Our boys, anxious to \rip8 out tho defeat they sustained at cricket a elicit time back, journeyed to Ringavooma deter mined to do or die on Good Friday in the return match, but were disappointed, as through some misunderstanding the match did not come off; but they had their revenge on Friday last, when they opened the football season by scoring ' first blood' for Aiberton. BXJRNIE, April 23. As the financial result of the recent autumn show -was that there was a debit balance of a little over .£3, after considera tion the committee of the Horticultural Society have decided to hold a chrjsanthe mum show on May 8. At a meeting held on Monday evening a schedule containing same 40 sections was prepared, consisting of cut flowers, bouquets, decorated tables, floral devices, cakes, bread, etc., and it was decided that a promenade conceit be included in the lisC (f attractior.8. The secretary reported that the business people of Burnie so far had responded most liberally to his appeal to them tor donations in priz s or cabb. There is every reaBon to hope that this show will be a success, as the date fix id on. will be most suitable for a good collection of chrysanthemums tj ba exhibited, the autumn show having been too early for this popular flower. v Several residents from here intend avail ing themselves of the opportunity ot having a very cheap trip to Hoba'rt on Wednesday, special conveyances leaving here at five o'clock in order to catch the excursion train from Ulverstoae. N' ' LEFROY, April 23. The funeral of the lata Mr James Batten left his residence.on Saturday afternoon at three o'clock, the sight beiug a. most impos ing one, and one that will not be forgotten for a long time to come. The proceeeion, which numbered about 1000, was remark ably well arranged by MesssB W. H. Stubs, J. Miles, and N. Foote. The band preceded, playiog the ' D ad march ' in most solemn tones. The Sunday school in which deceased was superintendent: for bo many years joined in, numbering about 200 children. Twenty two battery boys fol lowed, carrying a most beautiful wreath out of respect to deceased's eldest sou, an employee of the Pinafora battery. The local preacher of the Wesleyan Church was also in attendance out of respect to their depaited brother. Upon reaching the grave the Rev. C. P. Lloyd da livered a very impressive address, re ferring to the life and death of deceased, who, during his time in Lefroy — 23 years — had always endeavoured to live an honest aad straightforward life, a&d; had won the respect of all who knew him. Being a man of such apparent health the news of his death came a3 a shock. His few days' suffering from severa iuflamma tion 8oon told upon him, and Mb Iobb is deeply regretted. Much sympathy is felt for the bureaved family, aad no; doubt the patronage received by the deceased from the general business people will atill be extended to the family, who intend keeping up the business of the sawmill. NORTH MOTTON, April 23. (from otjb tbavbllino correspondent.) A harvest thanksgiving service was held in St. John's Anglican Church here on lait Sunday. The church was beautifully decorated with flowers, fruit and vege tables, and grain, illustmt've of what o»n b .i produced from the soil, .at- d refi'Ctir? great ci'vdit rn the taste r.nd energy of the ladies cf the district*. The service,- which was most impressive, was conducted by Canon B»ri'sforil, who preached a vi-ry practical sermon from tho Pealme, «?!??. : becometh well the just to he thankful.' The pveEiog service was conducted by Mr Danielp, from Fivers tone. | The laber crops are turning rut very well in this district, and if prices wer« be tier things would toon look, tip. The pat crops as a whole have turned out very well, one paddock of Me Geo. Do'.aney'j going 72 bushels f.o the acre. Thn whea1- crops are also good, from 35 to 40 buicg the general thing. I notice several improve mentp, such a3 clearing and opening up the couutry. Mr W. Brown ia etiil making progress, and he Las what a good many more farmers might have with a very little fxpense — good water right at hi;, door, thrown up by the means of a ram fixed in a gully, which keeps him «od gtintly supplied with pure water, Mr Petei Jsck is making good prcgreaa with tbe rosd on the other Bide ot ih'! Barren Hill, and when complet d as far as the c nfcract; extends it will be one of the finest roads in Tasmania. There is no doubt the people who live in this isolated part deserve something good. They huv ..- no post- iffice or school ; the near- at ecbool or post-office is seven mile? away, and 1 am informed th-*t one of tbe t&rxxn-tB; off-Ted to keep tbe post-office freo if the Guverncnent forwfrjd the mail. There is n. little matter to which I shou'd like to call the attention »,f the volicn Several of the residents have bewu very much frightened whtn pnssing a part of the road known as Revell's Cretkat.r dark, as someone ia acting the part of a ghost, and it would be well i' the cnslable paid the place a visic. Prospecting for gold has been soiug o i for some considerable time near Taunt oo, on Purton's land, with very good results, so rumour has it. I suppose more will be heard c f this find later on. That part or the ruad leading to Noith Motton, or the Grdwlrr, has b^en ttjpped for traffic, as usual jutt as winter ie comiDR on, to be me'alied. Tho teitns have no^ to go rouod through the bush, and it ii a1 good thing that taere has not been a very heavy downpour of rain, otherwise they would not be able to gefc through with their produce. 