THE GHOST. A STUDY IN EVOLUTION. BY A SCEPTIC. Mrs. Septimus Mngee saw it flrvt. It was then a tall, decorous, middle-aged gentleman of benevolent. If somewhat troubled, countenance, for Grand solidated Boomer Stock had come down like n thousand of bricks In tlie city thnt day, and tbo mlddle-nged gen tleman lind not Imvo agile enough to step from under. It was dressed In becoming und rospccUildc black, n highly jjollshcd Paris hnt. and a volu minous overcoat. It wore brllllAut studs In Us shirt frout, ami a scintil lating watch elialu hung out ucross its swelling vest. Mrs Magee almost ran Into It tu tho dusk, turning a corner, uud It gave lier kucIi n start that for quite live mlmites after she was undecided wlie- tber to luive a fit In the street or ta wait til) she got home. Enlarging up on tlie Incident over the back fence to Mrs. Jones, the |«rson next door, Mrs. Magee deelareil that It had a pale and awful face, and that its eyes were luminous, like bicycle lights, and it wiilked with a strange, slluklug, noise less stride. Mrs. Jones having occasion to call upon Mrs. Brown orer the way, to Isirrow a potato pan, and a bit of soda, and some cough mixture, and to iisk after the baby, stayed an liour or so to tell all alKuit Mrs. Mitgee's strange adventure, describing It aa a toll thing In bbiek thut bad two great green eyes niid breathed nsl smoke, and insisting that Mm. Magee could see the street lamp right through Its body, clothes1 and all. Mrs. Brown, hnppontng to moot Mrs.1 Itoblusnn thnt afternoon told her. In strict conlidcnco. all about tho thlug Mrs. MugiH) had six«n, and Investml it wlthla ImriKKxi tall, Iwirbwl oars, and a hideous leer, and remarked casually that. It lind a tire burning In its Inside, and that it walked through a wall with airy Indifference .uud finally faded uwny in n blue cloud, chnntiug some hlood-curdUtig, tlundlsh litany. >Irs. Itohtnson told her huslmud when he came home from his work that evening that poor Mrs. Magee had 1h»cu frightened into aggravated fits uud con vulsions by a ghost that started up be fore her out of the darkness, with Its long tuloned hands clawing tho air above her. ami Its forked tongue dart ing In her face. Tho simctru had cof fins, and skulls, and other horrible things pictured u|mn Its breast In liv ing fire, and was so hideous that site could only look upon It once. U hud hoofs and horns, ami manned Iu the miserable woman's corn : " O. mortal one. prepare to die : Your doom is ulgli 1 Your doom Is Next morning Mrs Wilson at. No. 10, and Mrs. White, und Mrs. Samuels, and all the ladies lu Blnnk street, had rollahlo mul exclusive. lufornmtiotr to the effect that Mrs. Magee was not expected to live ' In consequence of having Ikvii seized In the street by a malignant goblin, the touch of tlie bauds of which burnt her arms. It was dressed in red Maine, and breathed suffocating purple fumes, and its head was Just a Imrc, grinulng, fearful skull with two rampant death adders pro truding from tlm eye-sockets. By 10 o'clock on the following night quite a dozen people had seen It, and nil Invested it with somewhat similar characteristics, and although Its mes sage to the mulcted mortals varied in form, sometimes taking the shape of a crude rhyme, iuul at others that of plain, emphatic prose, Its significance was the same in every Instance. Two of the visited ones were occupying themselves iu a. series 'of tits and faints, and the rest were kept busy filling tho local police with reliable in formation respecting the spectre, his apparent age ami fighting weight, his visible birth marks, uud dlstingulHhlug features, etc., etc., Twenty hours later there were, not ten women und children in the suburb who Untvd venture out of doors for fear of the local ghost, and bands of men were nhruiid wlUi dogs, clubs, guns, ami other wcaiNuis tracking the ghost, nud breathing vengeance upon spectres In geuenil. On the fourth uight. the ghost hud spread to several other sub urbs, and thu contagion was still tra velling, und altout seven hundred po licemen were breaking their necks In pursuit of the lawless phantom. Tho black trackers had also been culled In. On the fifth evening tho respectable middle-aged gentleman In black whom Mrs. Magee marly rati Into on the street corner, reading his "Herald" ou the homeward Ixuimi tram, said to Ids neighbor : " By Jove 1 a scnudnlons thing. Isn't It— about this ghost that's frighleniug all the women to deuth out our way V I menu to load my re volver to-night nud have a look round for the beast. Cornel" , At the Average rate of breathing, a man take nbout 14 pinto of nlr per minute, and about 21 per cent, of thif? air constats of oxygen. Consequently, al>out three pints of oxygen pur minute itecins to be required In order to sus tain life, > 