LIVING IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. In everyday talk Rosina Vokes was altogether and bewitching the Rosina we knew across the footlights—the same big honest eyes, the same drolly staccato speech, the same tossing of that fluffy mane of shining hair, and tho matter of her speech was quite as flavorsome as any lines her playwrights over set down for her speaking. It is a pity she never told across the footlights for all tho world to hear the story sho once told to a favored few. The Yokes family, sho said, had returned to London from a provincial tour, and, intending to remain for the season, decided to hire a house in pre ference to taking lodgings. They looked upon it as miraculous lack to find a house in an eminently agreeable neighborhood at a phenomenally low rent. They soon found out the reason. A particularly shocking murder had been committed in the house u fow years before, and since then it had stood unleuonted, it* evil reputation intensifying with every night its dark window gloomed upon the else cheerful street. ‘ But it was n lovely, comfortable house,’ said Resina, ‘and we didn’t mind it’s story a bit— in fact, we thought it rather dis tinguished than otherwise, and, as for spooks, we’d all played ’em too often in Christmas pantomimes to hold ’em in any special awe. Besides, wo never saw any—nothing, 1 give you my word more fearsome than a black beetle ever crossed our paths in that maligned house. But, for all that, a more un comfortable three months our happy-go lucky family never spent. The neighbors gave the house a bad name and hanged it. They took the attitude that any one willing to live in murder- stained house waa simply an accessory after the fact. My dear?, never shall I forget tho first morning I called on the local butcher wich a p!eu fur chops. ‘ Send them to 343 street,’ pip' and I cheerily. The butcher turned duskily pale. He edged behind the block. He glowered at me over it. ‘Three forty three, you said, mum 7 he gasped. ‘ Mad alive, yes !’ said I. ‘We live there, and we’re not ghosts, or we shouldn’t need chops !’ Well, the long and the short of it was we could get nothing sent that wasn’t ordered at high, noon, and then the butcher’s boy had a way of firing up the things from tho bottom of the steps —didn’t want to come within grabbing distance of tho door apparently. That was hard on the provisions, especially the eggs. No milkman would deliver milk in the grey of the morning, not he. We had subsequently to bring it home in a can. When the water pipes burst, we had to stop 'era up with our stock-* ings, while the boys scoured London for a plumber rash enough to cross our fated threshold. W 7 e lived like Robinson Crusoesoa a densely- populated island. It was borne in upon us at last that it was a pity so much wholesome terror should go to waste. So tho last few days of our stay there we took to burning blue lights at midnight in the area window, and emit ting hollow groans from the front cellar. I fancy our landlord reahed tho results of this light-minded conduct. We, never in quired.’ 