THE EARLY BISTORT OF LITER A-1 TUBE. I (Amelia b. Edwakds. ix the '' contem i'ollabvlteyirw." One of the most ancient examples of fiction in the world, ona which has survived the rise ; and foil of many an ancient and many a modern empire, ia an Egyptian romance en titled 'Thetaleof theTwoBrothers.' "Wehave the original manuscript in the British I Meseum. It h written on nineteen sheets of papyrus, in a nne hieratic hand, and it was penned some three thousand two hundred yer-r ago by a Tbeban scribe name named Eijr.an*!. This Ennana was Librarian of the yal'.co to King Merenptah, the sup posed Pharaoh of taeEsodus ; and he appears to have vrririen the talo by order of the Treasurer, Fur the entertainruentof the Crown Prince, Seti-Merenptah, who subsequently reigned as Seti IT. This prince has signed hi? name in two places on the back of the 1.1-nuacrijji:, these being probably the only autograph signatures of any Egyptian king which hare come down to our time. This iitost venerable and precious document was nt'.rcliased in T'«iy by Mndame d'Orbiney, who .-old it in 1857 to ths authorities of the British Muier.m and it is now known as the d'Oibinty Papyrus. Th*t theancient Egyptians were novelists and readers of nov;-K wa.~ what no one sus p.-.-.'ted tiil Madam d'Otbint-y purchased her famous papyrus in 1857. The Egyptologists of Europa Trer«t, in fact, fairly scandalised to find that these' gravs And reverend signiors, whose rrramvniej were so eminently respectable n;id tastes as friviJou«.j;s our own. Since that (imeniHtiy niorcpeciisras of Ancient Egyptian fiction have coins to light, tales of adventure by 'and and tr.a. tai.-s' f enchantment and icaijw : pvw historian! r-vosnce') of ghost .-lories. These discoveries have casta new light vtpoii the cs-ly history of literature. They shew us that Egypt was Dot only the birthplace of a!i our arts and all our sciences, but that the Valley of the Nile was in truth the cradle of romance. It. was from Egyptian sources that Herodotll? derived many u narra tive which he inno;-ont!y accepted f or fact, and •repeated as history; autiitis frum I hese'sources that the Ar?.b .-tory-'rlk-rs of the middle ages drew.aasny an incident familiar to us all in the p*gr}s of 'The Thousand and One Nights,' ' The Shipwrecked Mariner' (who. by the why, performs the a^V.-tiishing rent of sailing up r'ne Kilo as far-:- IsV.bia, and thencegain i'.K the open sea) i~ Cist. like. Siudbad the, Sa'lor, upon an i?la>:<Kpeopkd by serpents* Genera' Tafcuii, in r» story called ' The Tak ing of Joi.::a,' introduces hi- soldiers into the Vli-agof.-fcu chy by ratstis «-fa. strmgein less succesifully attempted in r.i:,or r.ge- by the ' r'ony Thieves j' is to say. he conceals a certain number of men in big jars which are carried by others of their comrades disguised a» ca'pMves laden with booty. V,ro uiotieri; »•; vdif.is are fell pleased when 0115- stories fir. J favor in many hru1j=, and are translated in!o many foni"j:-3 : but if tried fey this test, the second put* cf 1 The Tale of sho T«o Brothers ' throw* all our modern successes iota tbe shade. We find it repro duced in every age and in every civilised land. The f&c;'c fast novels at;d tales were written by the hedbas of Eaypt before Hebron and ?oan were founded, is indeed very esir."'Ori':!)'.ry. And vre mo*> romember that these auiclviifc romance?, s-.re the pareiit soiu'ce cf all iha light literature of mediteval ;ind iD.-dern tiium. The areat; Mesopotamia!) wuiuns m.d appireiitiy m> gchool of fiction. The c-!ay cyliv.dc-rs and fablers of Barsippa, of Warka. of Babylon, of 2*it>pv»h,- have as yet yielded nothing in the> sh:-pe of n popular tale or m popular- so'Rg. Legends of gods and heroes, chronicles of victories, cold blooded vcfccsds of hideous tortures in flicted on pr--!Oiic-tS of ir'ar, calendars, contracts acoc'-utf. .jnagical farmulte^. and the like, havi ocu'iO'Klbwn to us in-=nbund ance frr.sn th^'Hbrf.rks.ol th^se-grim,. prac tical, and oa^ner.lJy (li.sj-.greeable people ; buc isothiug, al?ioluU-ly liorhintr, which bring, them ;i;Lo :cnch with onrselves, upon the comni'-.i' L*ro«nd of ini.ia'innrion or. sym pathy. Wr-e;s therefore, we lose sight of Cation in £vypt, v.-;., siaht of it for a long time in the- 'E,;St, arA follow it- to the Weitto Oi-ckcs and to 