BOOKS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE. Amongst the British publishers who cater for the literary amusement and instruction of young people in the great holiday season of the year, Messrs. Blackie and Sons, of London, Glasgow, and Dublin, hold a foremost place. Their list of gift books is now a very numerous one. Every year sees an addition to It, but it contains many works the attractiveness of which is not exhausted in one or Indeed in half a-dozen years. Our parcel this year includes some old favourites as well as many aspirants to favour. All are well got up. Paper, printing, binding, and illustrations-all are worthy of a successful publishing house. Parties truly we may emphasise the binding and illustrations, which are artistically excellent No doubt it is good business to bind and illustrate gift books tastefully. Anyhow, Blackie and Sons' publications do not disappoint expectation in this view of them. The house's "crack" writer for boys is C. A. Henty. In what English speaking part of the Empire is his name not known to boys who love tales of adventure and can appreciate chivalrous character ? mackie and Sons' list of " Hentys" now reaches nearly fifty. The range of subjects is wonderful. Mr. Henty must be an indefatig- able worker. Ills books are marked by surprising accuracy when the immense mass of historical detail which they embody is remembered. Most of his stories have an historic basis, and all have a thoroughly wholesome spirit. No boy ever got moral harm from reading Mr. Henty's books. And they are full enough of Incident to capture and hold a boy's Interest from beginning to end. " A Knight of the While Grass : A Tale of the Siege of Rhodes, with twelve illustrations by Ralph Peacock," is one of the best of this year's list, Gervaise Tresham, the hero of this story, is determined to follow a military career, and from his father's friendship to the O ra ml Prior of the Knights of St. John, he is enabled to join that famous Order. Leaving England he proceeds to the Island stronghold of Rhodes, and becomes a page in the household of the Grand Master. Subsequently, Rer valse is made a Knight of the White Cross for valour in a sea fight with pirates, while soon afterwards he is appointed commander of a war-galley, and in his first voyage destroys a fleet of Moorish corsairs. During one of his cruises the young knight is attacked on shore, captured after a desperate struggle, and sold into slavery in Tripoli, he succeeds in escaping, however, and returns to Rhodes in time to take part in the splendid defence of. that fortress when it was besieged by I nil the might of the Turks, in this work Mr. Henty has done a fine subject and his own reputation Justice. Perhaps it will be an additional commendation of the book that it is pi - faced by the author's portrait. Mr. Henty looks young and vigorous enough to go on writing healthy stories for boys for many a year. " The Tiger of Mysore," also from the pen of Mr. Henty, is a thrilling story of adventure in Southern India. The motive is the scare is by Dick Hol- land for his father, a sea captain who had been wrecked six years before on the Indian coast with had been captured and kept captive In the dominions of the infamous Tippoo Sahib, who was so bloodthirsty in dealing with his enemies that he earned and gloried In the soubriquet which has been chosen as the name of the book. The period with which the story events Is the time of the wars of extermination waged by the British-Indian Government against Tlp- poor. and the adventures of the boy hero in his search for and rescue of his long lost father yield material for a fascinat- ing story. Another well-known writer of stories for boys is Dr. Gordon Stables, who contributes to Brockie and Sons' list for this year, " For Life and Liberty : a Story of Battle by Land and Hr% with eight illustrations by Sydney Paget and a map." This is a tale which has the American Civil War as its basis of historic fact. When In 1861 war was declared by America, between the North and South, the news greatly interested Osmond Lloyd, who was at school in England. Being of an, adventurous spirit, and having relations In the States, the lad ran away' from home with his chum Kenneth Held, and the two made their way to America in the Mosquito. Here Osmond joined the Southern army, while Kenneth, entered the navy, and their various seven times In that great conflict are vigorously set forth In this narrative. Osmond was in the army of the Potomac, took part in all the campaigns, and great praise for his valour from the famous General, " Stonewall" Jackson. Dr. s^ttifblcs' story is a simple and picturesque and tolerably Impartial presentment of the great struggle of the Sixties in the United States. It is well enough done to enable any ' intelligent young person to gaIn a fair idea In general outline and most important detail of the tremendous event with which it deals. Less successful, but not uninteresting. Is " In the Days of Drake, lie told by J. S. Fletcher." Hosv tito hero of the story was kidnapped and carried away to Mexico, how he was tortured, and how, finally, he fell into the brave and kindly hands of Captain Francis Drake and escaped to England, where he confounded his enemies and ss-on the girl and fortune from which he had been forcibly separated, is carefully nar wanted. " Uncle Jim's Stella." To st story for girls, by the author of the "Two Done says." It is full of tender pathos. Sen"t hearted girls will cry over It Stella is a brave little girl who has musical talent and a brave heart, and the story recounts how from playing in the streets of London and comforting the rather dissipated and broken-hearted Uncle Um with her cheerful sympathy, who passes through the struggles inevitable in her circumstances to the discovery, made by one of the good women who abound in London, of the fact that the death of a relative in Australia 'has entitled her to a modest fortune. The story is evidently liile'iiileil to he an en arrangement to right-doing in difficult situations. " The Family Falling, by Darley Dale," is a new edition of an old favourite. "Through Russia's Ross" is a story of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow ; and the lad who fails to follow Julian Wyatt's adventures insist through some Strange Influences have been early turned against the gold and crimson of excitement and adventure. Julian is a typical English lad, full of good nature and high spirits. As if to whet the appetite for thrilling 'Incidents in Napoleon's march to Moscow and Tyack, the story opens with the hero's experience among smugglers on the south coast of England. His like oysters before meat. Carried over to France for learning more than was safe of the con- traband line of business, young Wyatt finds himself a prisoner among the enemies of his country ; but he manages to get free by turning soldier and joining the army of the great Corsican. Then come the battles of Smolensk and Borodino. After reaching Moscow the troubles of the French begin, and our young English- man goes through most of the desperate retreat. The story of his escape, his rescue of the daughter of a Russian nobleman, his journey to the Nova, turn his return to England, then follows and we can only advise parents who are on the lookout for something really good for their sons to Invest In "Through Russian Knows." It' has eight full page Illustrations by W. H. Overead, apel a man to complete the Interest. " Hallowe'en Ahoy" Is the history of a derelict. II. St. Ledger, the author, has the knack of Clark Russell to some extent, in that he can writs of the sea with a senmpiiK touch and his work with its straiglilforsvavdue.-'s gives the reader a sniff of the unit waves. This is from the adult students;. Boys "will go from cover to cover with a firm deep-seated belief that every word is gospel truth. The forsaken ship with Its I crew of one gifts will appear to them ! The height or probability-and rigidly sn. Then the capture of the ghost by the cross . who take charge, the casting ashore of the vessel on the Grose t Islands, and the final floating off, and return to England, will he but natural Incidents in the gospel according to Crusoe. Tim story is well illustrated by H. J. Draper. " Hussein the Hostage," by (I. Nor- way, its a bit of Truiusoaspiun adventure. It tells of the efforts of a young prince to break the Persian yoke from the neck of his tribe, and of his own | captivity in Persia. Ills faithful henchman Askur is well drawn. In the effort to release Hussein, lies prince, the sturdy follower Is kidnapped and delivered like a monkey or a bear into the hands of a travelling Allowinan. For our part, this story has proved his full of vigour and freshness as any so I have come across for a long time and we can only envy (the lad who was, or is given " Hussein the Hostage." Another of the same stars, with the plot cast In the East for the most part, and with adventures galore, is " Under the Black Eagle." Andrew Hilliard! writes The story with an evident knowledge of the youthful, appetite. He I takes Ernest Wentworth, an English j lad. through the horrors of Siberian I exile for supposed complicity with Nihilists ; lets Wm off the convict steamer with his friend Gregorleff, who has been responsible for all the trouble and then travels the pair, after their escape, through part of Turkestan across the Pamirs and Into Northern. India. " If only for the lesson in geography, this book is worth reading by others than boys ; but for them it is especially valuable in days when Trans- Caucasia is becoming known and when Russian advances are taking the civilisation of the West into the great heart of Asia. An out-and-home girls' book greets us In "For the Sake of a Friend." It is moreover a story of school life in Melbourne and the heroines, Susie Snow and Trixie Beresford, are as sweet as they are made. Stormont House is the scene of much fun, some misunderstanding, and of a happy Hme generally. Margaret Parker, Mrs. or Miss, who writes the story, makes us hope that all Australian girls' schools are like It. "The Bull of Fortune," by Charles Pearce, is a cannon ball. It is a story of a lost heir, whose fortune is contained in this curious receptacle. A sea- captain has chosen to put his bequest where few would dream of looking for it and his son's adventures, before the dead man's blessing comes to hand, are well told. Ned Somerset's in. brilliance is the football of an un stu'ttpulous pair ; but and faithful services of an old sailor place it between the goal posts of the right side eventually. " nts First Kangaroo," by Arthur Ferres, is sure to prove a favourite with boys, and particularly so in Australia, was stories of life in their own country are always acceptable to our young people. This is a tale of adventure on a cattle station in New South Wales. Dick Morrison, a Sydney Grammar School boy, in his last year, has «e Cimledtntiiivltatiou to spend the Christmas holidays on a station on the rich land, and of course he has a good time. The rounding up of wild cattle, the con- quering of buckjumpers, and the hunt- ing of pink and kangaroo, are all inci- dents of the few weeks he spends in the West, and lost bills should be voted too commonplace, the young hero send his friends are afforded the excitement of a couple of very lively bushranííiiiir encounters. To those in search of information regarding life in Australia, tells wealth of incident may suggest a too fertile imagination on the part of the author, and the critic may have his doubts whether due regard has always been paid to the probabilities. But the youthful reader will Certainly devour the hook was li avidity, and ask for more of the same kind. The work has half a-dozen spirited Illustrations by Percy F. S. Spence. A Tlmnp of Wessex," by Charles W. Whistler, carries the young render back to the time of the Viking raids on the coast of old England in the days-of King Hthelwnlf. The late opens with the arrest and trial before the Great Most of young Heregar the Thane, his unjust accusation and doom. The reader also learns how In his wanderings the outlawed Hcrognr discovered the war girl boys of the Vikings, how he withstood the raiding Danes at Bridgwater, and gathered the levies at Glastonbury ; how he contrived an ambush and completely defeated the Vikings at the mouth of the Parrot River, and how at length he was achieved again, and in reward of his valour was made use near rd bearer to the great and good King Alfred. The story is charmingly told, and will help the young render to understand the conditions of life in that remote period of our national existence. "The Citroen" is a West Indian tale of the slavery days, by Edith Johnstone. The little heroine was the daughter of a planter, and the story turns upon her marvellous friendship for one of her father's slaves ; the crisis comes in the form of a revolt amongst the slaves, which results in the accidental death of the child Mrs. Herbert Martin's story "A Musical Genius" concerns a certain Ungo Ricardo who, having a genius for music, attracts the notice of Mr. Pemberton, a wealthy lover of his art. This gentleman adopts and edu- cated him but there comes a time when he has to choose between the comfort | and luxury that his pit iron's wealth can I procure and his duty to an older brother, who had been everything to him In earlier years ; he renounces all to cleave to his brother. The brother | shows equal devotion, and all ends happily, as 31 should. The Little Girl From Next Door is a pleasant, lively little book for younger children, by Geraldine Mockler, and narrates the nil ventures of a small girl who was carried off to the seaside in a hamper through the ingenuity and goodwill of her play- ' mates, and while there lost the character, of a friendless, almoSt homeless waif, and discovered a rich uncle with whom " she lived happy ever after." 