Plenary Council. At the above ceremony, as reported by the S.Jf. Me raid, of ITonday last Dr. Gallagher, ! co-adjutor bishop of Goulburn, preached I the sermon. He. said that for the I second time inside 10 years the episcopate of Australia were assembled in Plenary Council in that mother church of the metropolitan city of the southern world. At the desire of their illustrious Pontiff, under the presidency of the Cardinal Archbishop, Apostolic Delegate, they had come together to draw up those decrees, and to devise those means which after mature deliberation their united wisdom and experience, assisted by the Holy Ghost, deemed most suited for the true progress of their great country, the preservation and diffusion of faith, the improve ment of morals, the interests of religion, the greater glory of God, and the salvation of im mortal souls. The aim of the august assemblies of the church in every age and in every Christian land had ever been to maintain revealed truth, to condemn heresy, to uphold uniformity and sanctity of discipline, to relieve the poor, to battle for the oppressed, to advance the cause of science and knowledge, to elerate mankind. After touching upon various kinds of councils, Dr. Gallagher said that when all the archbishops and bishops of a country or nation, or people bound together by sameness of language, of customs, institutions, aud law, met under a delegate specially appointed by the Holy See, having in view to transmit sound doctrine, to keep intact and pure in their dio ceses the deposit of faith, to increase the honour of Divine worship, to fortify the order aud dis cipline of the clergy, to promote and strengthen every where by a* happy progress holiness of morals, mutual charity, virtue, religion, aud piety, they bad a plenary or national synod Such was the assembly in whose first public session they were privileged to take part that day. The history of those councils -was the history of the Christian faith, of the triumph of religious liberty over despotism, of truth over error, of catholic civilisation over the cor ruptions of the pagan, and over the barbarism and orate force of the mediaeval world, lhat morning they had seen their Holy Mother in something of her external splendour com ing forth as the "King's daughter in golden vesture surrounded with variety." They had heard the rustling of her variegated garments as her prelates passed in gorgeous procession. They had heard the glorious music that almost shook those massive walls, and wafted to the throne of God the profession of faith of the young Church of Australia. Bishops, venerable for their years, their learning, their piety, their great good works so nobly done, from the Derwent on the south to Carpentaria on the north, from our Indian to our Pacific shore, were there, not merely to contribute their matured experience, but themselves of different schools of thought and nations and tongues to illustrate the unity in variety of their holy taiih. Aiding them with advice were theo logians skilled in sacred science and conversant through much practice with its bearing on all the burning questions of the age. And priests bronzed with the heat, and bent with tbe labours of the day, whom their fellow-workers had chosen to represent them in that great ecclesiastical senate of the southern world. Hardly an order in the church that was not with them that day. After alludiug to the characteristics of some of the orders repre sented that day, he said: "Here, too, is St. Paul of the Cross, to whom our Holy Father looks with affectionate regard as one of the chief instruments in that which all good men have so much at heart—the reunion tinder one head and one 6hopherd of the Anglo-Saxon world." And all, whether of recent institution or tracing back their origin to the twilight of Christian his tory, ineu of the age, striving to correct its mistakes, but cheered by its bones, inarching in the very van of its progress, blessing its achievements of science, and its victories over the forces of nature—their feelings in touch with its noblest resolve, and their hearts in thorough sympathy with its loftiest aspira tions. No fossils they, no mummies taken from an Egyptian museum, no ghosts of a vanished past brooding gloomily by the doors of sepulchres, which shall never be opened; but aglow with all the healthful vigour of young Ufe, with breasts heaving and panting for the fray, counting their host and well acquainted with the tactics of the enemy, yearning to enter the lists in every form of glorious but pacific struggle— as did their predecessors of every age—for truth, fur virtue, for jiiMiee. for religion, and ] tor God. Their bishops met toother to promote , those varied objects which were with the spiritual interests ami ">ero i extended iuttueuce and usefulness of the | ehutuh. The special object of this second rieusrv Couueil was to ftmsoMate tho nork so well begun iu the tirst council of ISsc,to secure the more complete execution ot its de crees to promote uniformity and holiness ot discipline hv bringing local variations (it sucli existed) Isn't to the standard of general usage, to improve and extend their system ot parochial schools to confirm the faith and increase the fervour l>v quietening the zeal of their people, to infuse "fresh sap and life into every branch and fibre of the heavenly vine wlueh their great predecessors p-anted in the generous sod ot their teloved country. 