IS3' Many and. Varied, are tuu ways ana means or advertising. Circulars pamphlets, posters, lithographs, fancy cards and designs, wood signs, tin signs, painted signs, and many other methods are adopted, but n me give the good returns that are Un sure result oL an announcement in a live newspaper, it appeals to every reader at a time when the mind is not occupied wi'h other subject and the standing ami rej.u n Uon ot a good paper gives its advertisements an impress or reliability and trustworthim;** •which cannot but have its weight with the leading and th'nking public. hlg accounts and papers, though I was permitted to attend the academy. I really came to like him after awhile, and I know that I improved his man ners and morals to some -extent. - His narrow escape from drowning had strongly impressed him, I discovered. He was a victim to that malady of sed entary and lazy people, insomnia. .He had been in the' habit of drinking more whisky than was good for him as a remedy. He told me he could not sleep until he had drunk at least six glasses. I reasoned with him, talking flatly and plainly, as I always did. I asked him to stop it and walk one or two honrs in the Block woods after 9 in the even ing. He tried it with good results, and after that called me doctor. After he had practiced this walking for a couple of weeks, he told me he had seen a ghost in the woods three successive nights. I laughed at him and asked him if he had been drinking whisky again, bat he assured me he had not. The nest night I watched myself in the grove.' Sure enough, I saw a figure in white, though I did not be lieve it was a spirit from the other world. I saw that the figure tried to approach the general, but from fear, or some other motive, he kept his distance from it. I had a revolver, and with this in my hand, though it was not loaded, I went with the general to the woods one bright moonlight night. The ghost came as usual, and the general was in clined to retreat. So was the figure when I showed myself. But I pursued it. I held up my revolver and threat ened to fire if the ghost did not halt. “No, Pardy! Don’t fire! I am your mother, ” screamed the ghost, not know ing that the weapon was not loaded. She halted, and 1 went up to her, the general following me when assured that tiie figure was not a supernatural one. She was dressed in white, as she was usually in summer, and I wondered if she was troubled with insomnia. “Pardy, General Fawuclifie is your father and my husband!" exclaimed my mother when the general had come: up with us. “Emily!” he exclaimed, "I wonder ed where Pardy got all his impudence, for I thought he could have inherited it only from me.” We had a long talk in the moonlight. 1 knew that my mother had come from California, but her former home was one of the things of which she seldom spoke. The general acknowledged her as his wife before me. They disagreed and had separated. For the sake of her son she had followed Him, hoping that years had softened his temper. She did not care" to call upon him at his house, but when I became on such excellent terms with him she had decided to meet him in the woods, where I had told her that he walked every night. He had fled from her, but she persevered till I brought matters to a head. Hy mother is now the mistress of Block Hall, and I still have to do a great deal of plain speaking.—Oliver Optic in Philadelphia Press. A Psalm ” or l’usixrss.-—"Tell me not in mournful numbers” advert isin;r dosen’f. pay. For the man's "mm coin pis 'iis who would sneli absurd thi mas-say.. “ rule is real! life is earnest !” and the man who liopes to rise to eininrtYieo in any calling anis. expect.to advertise, "in J.Jie world’s Proud -lie!<! of butt It-.. in. the rmrfliet of jn-al li fe, adveitising is'the maynet. of achievement in the strife. Tares of ih:h men ail remind a we can take our own sublime.” and 1 >y liberal ;*dvertising to the high-sf. .Winmif elimti. ‘‘Lot us then he up and doin''.” in this shot, t you- “ads.” im-mt; “ still "a l.ievinjr, still piu .a'.nj,” business then will be alert. 