LIKE & UI\\!LIKE. BY U. S. SBRADBON, Author or u Lady Audlkt'6 Secret,' ' W'fbLA-ED's Wbibd,' Etc., Etc. The Bight of Translation is Rusbrtkd GHAPTKB. XL (Contikuep), — THE | FORLORN noPK. He shuddered as he pronounced hiB wife's ' That ia aU past and done ?with,' said Madge, gravely, ' 1 am very Borry that your marriage ended unhappily*; but there is a long life before you yet, 1 hope, and there must be something lor you to do in it. And now 1 must see after my patients. It is tea time. Shall I make you a cop of tea ?' She went to one of the presses, opened it, and began to take out cups and saucers, and litllc crockery teapots, and travs, and plates. Everything was of the cheapest, hut the things had been chosen for their prcttlncss, and tbe little trays bad a neat and dainty look ae those active hands arranged them, i each with its spotless lineu d'ovlev. 'Yes, please. I should relish a cup of cold water from your band. And mv mouth is parched and fall of dust after my journey. Think of me as the worst of your patients. Have you many in the house ?' ' Every bed is full fexcept one. There is a girl of nineteen in the next room, dying. If you could hear her story yeo. 'Would know what misery means.' She waB moving to and fro between the press and the fireplace, tilling lier little tea pots from the I iron kettle as she talked to him. ' I need not wait for that, I know the meaning of misery.' Ah, but not of such misery as she has suffered, a girlhood that has been one long degradation. Think of what it was for that girl to awaken to the first consciousness of life in the midst of such foul surroundings as decent lips dare not name ; to have been 60 reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was steeped in it, blackened b}' it, dying of it. That is her history.' ' She is what you call an interesting cose, I suppose.' ' She is one among many. Old and young come here every day, pleading for a corner to die in. That is about all wc can give yet awhile.' ' You have done a good dc&l;, 1 think, in establishing such a refuge.' 14 People are so kind. The poor have helped me a6 much as the rich. Those who have had no money to give have brought me little presents out of their household goods, at a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes out charing. Jt was a legacy from s butcher's wife whom she had served for years. ? It is too good for me, sister,' she said. 1 Auy little tin tea kettle will do to make my cup of tea.* She kissed the kettle before she handed it to mc, for love of her dead mistress.' She set one of the tea trays before him. with a little plate of bread and butter, such as she had been cutting for her patients. She rang & bell, and a woman of about forty cauie into the room, drossed in a grey merino gown and a white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, but she was very thin and gaunt, with a pale pinched face and a sad smile. Rhoilooked surprised at finding fc stranger seated by thy hearth. 'Sister Angela, Mr Bclfield,'' 6aid Madge by way of introduction. ' Mr Belfield is good enough to be interested in our work, Sister.' Angela bowed, but made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little tra- s between them, iaud went .'away to attend, to their patients, leaving Valentine to stare into the fire and brood over his past life. He thought of those careless days on the river, with boat, and dog and gun ; the sheer idleness of fancy which had led him to Madge Darlcv's cottage ; the hold her beauty bad taken of him, ami his scornful disbelief in her virtue. And he now came to this woman in his agony, as the one who could give him help and comfort, whose strong brave soul could inspire him with courage to begin life anew. And having come into the house of pain, he felt as if it would be best of all to stay here for ever, to be her clerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege of being near her. He almost forgot his scheme of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feet and plead to be allowed, to stay with her. She was absent for more than an hour. He emptied the tea pot, and looked at his watch a dozen times before she came back. ?' Are you surprised to sec me here still,' be asked. ' Yes, 1 thought you would nave gone back to your hotel. This is not a place for you.' ' I suppose not, vet you told me if I were ia great distress I might come to you for shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house was not a delusion — The Forlorn Hope. 1 have no other hope, Madge.' 44 That cannot be true. You have your mother, who adores yon.' 11 My mother cannot help me to bear my burden. It would blast her declining years, bring her in anguish to the gravf, to know the nature of my misery. 1 want some strong bosom to lean npoo ; I want some heroic soul to inspire mc with courage. Madge, 1 have come to you — to you, as the only woman who can shed a ray of light upon this darkened spirit. 1 am a viler sinner than any of your lost 6hcep. Have pity upon me if you can, Madge, for I am the kind of sinner whom no one pities. 1 am a murderer.' He clasped her hand in both hi6 own, and drew her nearer to him, looking up at her with despairing eyes, as she stood looking down upon him, speechless with horror. ' 1 killed my wife.' 'Oh, God!' ' I had the confession of her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate declaration that she had ccascd to love me, and that she was passionately in love with another man — that she wa6 leaving me to l-e his mistress. A pleasant letter for a husband to read. Madge. The ink was wet upon the )xa]-- r, and she stood there lookingai mc — beautiful —false to the core. 1 6truck her to the ! ground, It was only one blow, but it killed j her. Between the reading of that letter j and her death, there was but an interval of I half-a-dozi-n seconds. The ink was wet Btill. I and 6he was lying at my feet lookiDg up at j me — dead.' ' It was horrible,' gnsped Ma-lge, an awful, irreparable calamity — but not murder. You did not mean to kill her.' j ' I will not say as much as that. I think I 1 wanted to kill her — as 1 would have killed 1 her seducer had he boon there — bin J wbf sorry the instant she was dead. Tin- agony of remorse began before that ink was dry.' 'You should have confessed the truth; you should have braved all consequences.' 'I should. 1 was a coward and a fool; a craven, to shrink from (he couse^uenccs of my wrath. 1 had a right io be angrv. 1 forgot, how frail a thing she was. She fell like a lily— ft tall whiw lily snapped in a storm. One moment mv passion had vented itself, and she was dead.' And then he wont on to describe that ghaBtly burial or the dead, in I he Filencc ot the summer nighl. H-- dwelt. oo every de tail. showinp how vividly every circumslancc of that dismal scene had painted itself uj)on his memory. He recalled these things shudderingly, a? a man relate* a bad dream which he has dreamed again and again. ' Did no one suspect you ? ' '* No one lias found mc out. There is a man 1 suspect oi. being some kind of eaves dropper and spy — a man who i6 on a visit to her father, and passes as a gentleman.'' ' You mu6t not lose an hour in getting away from England — from Europe — beyond reach of pursuit, if that be possible. Sus picion once aroused, detection might be easy, and then, having hidden voor crime, you might seem a deliberate murderer instead of the victim of a moment'? passion. You must sail by the first ship that can carry you. Go to Liverpool to-night by the mail —if Liverpool is the port— «nd start to morrow morning.' *' 1 am in no hurry.' ' But if your secret were once suspected, to leave England then would look like flight, and only confirm suspicion. * Go at once, while yon arc free to go.' M 1 have half a mind to stay and take my chance,' he answered thoughtfully. ' If yon would be kind to me. Madge— if you 'would let me spend an hour in thi5 room sometimes, hear the sonnd of your voice, watch yon coming in and going out, I would juthcr stay jn London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and 6hoot big game. 1 uo not the man I was before that night, Madge. When — when I had done that deed, my firs*. thought was to save my neck — to hide my crime and go scot free. 1 thought life wpa|d fre the same as it had been — tbe hunting Ht£d=4hc racc course — the battue all tfc'o ttimc. 1- thought 1 could forget. Cat when the season camc round again, and the old sports, and the old people— my God, what a change. All the test and flavor wns gone. I went about as if 1 was in a dream, only half conscious ot my own ex istence or the life round mc. Wherever I went, the flame haunting thoughts went with mc, aud a ghost that would not be laid, Oh, Madgc» you are stronger than 1 — braver, nobler, Pitv mc if you can, as the strong should pity the weak.' *' I do pity you, poor soul, with all my heart,' she answered, softly. She bent over him, and kissed his burning forehead. For the tirst time in their lives, her lips toucliedJiim in love, freely given. 'God bless you, 'Madge, for that kiss,'' bo faltered, ' It shows me that you can pity mc. Oh- my love, don't banish ujo. Let mo titay near you — always Let mc serve you as a slave serves his master. Let mc got a suit, fustian and corduroy, in Lisson Grove, and carry coals and. Clean windows for jou — until }Oi*. feaVe tried mc bv 'years ot faithful torVice, if }ou like. God knows I tfill bejfatieut in considera tion of tbe Wretch I am, and then when yea have tonod that there is some good iu mc. let me be your husband, and let us go awav together' to the otln r end of the world. If there is happiness for me upon this earth, it must be found with you.' Klin lnr.L-nrl ot him in silcncc. with a slow. sad smile, for some moment* before she ''That is all a dfearo, Mr. Belfield, a feverish dream of your poor sick soul. I have toy duty here, which 1 shall never leave ; and you have your duty to yourself, and to -our mother and brother. Thiok how their lives would be darkened by grief and shame if you were brought to answer for your crime, and made to appear that which you were not— a deliberate murderer. For their sake vou ought to get away while the coast is clear. B.gin a new life in a new country. Find new duties, ns I found mine when 'my life was most desolate ; and in doing your'duty and saving the souls of sinners you may iiud a full atonement for yonr own sin. And then the shadows will be lifted, the burden will be lessened, the light will come.' '1 cannot live without you, Madga. I have yearned for you in my misery. That kiss ba6 sealed mc as your own for ever.' 44 If you persist in saying these things, I will never h2C you again, Mr Bulfield. I have done with love, and all thoughts of love. I have planned out my path in life, and mean to keep to it,. And now 1 mu6t wish you goo 1 night, and ask you to leave this house. 1 have a good dial to do before bedtime.' ' Cannot other people do it for you ? can not you give one evening of your life to mv despair — ton who do so much for others?' ' I am the head of our little organisation, and have to s-jc that all is done rightly. There are three and twenty sick or ailing girls and women in the house, and only three sisters bisides m*Bilf to see to them. We are a sisterhood of twenty-two. I am the only permanent resident. The other twenty- one each give one dav and night in every weik to the work. They come at eight one evening and go away at eight on the following evening. It is one day taken from the week of worldly business for a work of mercy. Wc find that the plan works better than many resident sisterhoods. The sisters are more cheerfuL, better tempered, and in better lualth. Their lives are not monotonous. There »6 no weariness, or pining for escajK! into the outer world. They always bring a certain amount of freshness to thrir work ; and it mak- s them happy to know that, however worldly the rest of their lives may b.-, one day out of seven is spent in doing pood.' ' The plan is \ our invention, I suppose ? 1 ! ' Yes, it is mine.' ' Clear braiu ; strong heart! Why did 1 not know your value four years ago ! Well, Madge, you have received mc kindly, and I won't imixKi' upon ?our kinducss. Good night. 1 shall come back again to-morrow evening.' . 'Think better of it, aud goto Liverpool) by the night mail.' 'Goodnight,' he repeated, ignoring ber question. ' Good night.' They clasped hands and parted. Scarcely had the ontcr door shut upon him, when she covered her face with her hands and buret ' Oh, my love, my sin of love !' she mur mured ; ' I care for you more in your abasement than I ever cared for you yet. I would give my life to lead you back to happiness, if I had any hope you could ever be happy. But the curse of blood is on your soul, and what hope can there be for you on this side of the grave ?' CHAPTER XLI.— 'IT WAS THE BRAND OF CAIN.' Mrs Baddeley was very tired of the Biver Chad, and of the rusiic garden where the golden crocuses starred th«- lawn with their golden cups. It waB all very rural and fre6h and innocent, but she had an aching void where her heart should have bocti, and longed for London dissipations as the only ano lyne for care. The pood kind fellow, whom she had talked of so cheerily last season while he wasbroilingundcran Indian sun, was on his war home now, and she could not think without 6ome uneasiness of the manner in which he would take things when he should arrive, good naturcd as he was. It is not a pleasant thin? for a husband to come home and find a tOr-af of bills, and lawyers' letters, and Country Court, summonses awaiting him, or to find his h ouBcbold goods subject to a bill of sale held by a West-end dressmaker ; and this was exactly the condition of atlairs that awaited Major Baddeley. He was to leave Bombay early in February, and now February and the crocuses were here, aud in all probability the Major had started. ' I shall get a telegram from Aden before I know wher.v I am,' said the anxious wife. 'I think 1 ought io go back to London, Dad.' ' You can at least stay till you get yonr telegram.' 'Mrs Ba-Mcley sighed, yawned, and re newed her novel. The romances supplied by Mudir were h«T only resources in this slci-pv country life. She. who in London seldom opened a book, devoured three vol ' Poor Frank! Jlow 1 wish somebody would leave him a fortune !'' she said, with her eyrs on ihe page, 'lie would be such a perfect husband if he had only three or four thnus:ind a year. How long is your fri'nd Mr MelnotK* to stay with us 7' ' Does hu bore vou T 'Not at all. Ho is very inoffensive, and he plays ?'v.irf'-' with « on of an evening ; but I can't quite understand why you asked him here.' '' There is more in him than anybody sup posses,' replied the Colonel, quietly^ '1 like his conversation, and if you are going to desert me, ] shall keep him him as longas Leo yawned assent. The African traveller had not inspired the faintest interest in her thoroughly feminine breasi. Hit only idea of sport was a prettily shaped horse that went like the wind, and a perf«'Ci ly titting habit. Big game and the hardship's of life in the dusert had no attractions for her After luncheou she went, out for a long lamble by the river, not because she loved the river or the landscape, but because she knew that open-air exercise was good for her figure and complexion. Mr Melnottc was out and about almost all day. He seemed to bi- as keenly interested in rustic explorations and village gossip att in the perilous adventures of the desert. He made friends everywhere, talked to every one. and had a pleasant, homely way. which put everyone at case with him. He was out ou the duv after Valentine's departure, when Sir Adrian called at Colonel Dm-eriU's cottage early in the afternoon. He was shown into the drawing-room. Mrs Baddeley was out walking, the butler told him. but- the Colonel was at home. The CoJonel was not very prompt to appear, having lately settled himself in a comfortable arm-chair by the dining-room tire, to sleep off the effects of a heavy lunch and a pint of dry sherry. Adrian was left to himself for at least ten minutes, during which time he walked up and down the drawing-room restlessly, full of thought. There wa6 a small writing tabic in one of the windows, and a chair in front of it, which looked as if it had been occupied that morning. On the tabic there was a pile of volumes with the label of the Boyal Geo graphical Society upon all of them, and beside the books there was an inkstand aod a blotter. Sir Adrian had the curiosity to look at these books. Cameson. Livingstone, Stanlov. Ihcy were all books of African travel. Hi opened one of the volumes at tbe places, marked with slips of panor. At cach of the markea places he foand an anec lotc, and every one of these anecdotes had been rcclted by Mr Meloutte at the Abbey dinner table, or in the Abbey billiard room, as personal adventures. He openod another volume with the same result, and then another, in which there were more selected anecdotes which had not yet been related, stock-in-trade for future evenings. ' Valentine was right,' he said to himself. ' Mr Melnottc is an im poster.' But why was the man there if an lm poster f Colonel Deverill wis not a man to be taken lo by Any common swindler. There must be some snflicient reason for the presence of this sbam eXplotcn Was there Bome hidden motive in his visit to the Colonel ; some motive which involved danger to Valentino ? Adrian had b« cn not a little perplexed by Colonel DovcrilTs choice ot that river-side cottage as a winter residence, and now It seemed to him that Melnottc was a myste rious ally of the Colonel's, who had been brought there to act as a spy upon the in mates of the Abbey. — To suppose this wa6 to suppose that Helen s father suspocted the dark secret of his daugh ter's fate, and such a supposition was full of terror. Colonel D verill oame Into the room while A.lilan iv.io fi'ill Rtundinff bv the table, with Cameron's book in ).is hand. Be put it down as he went forward to greet the Colonel. ' Tonr friend Melnottc seems food of reading other peopled adventures,' he said carelessly. The Colonel glenced from his visitor totne hooks on the tabic, and at once accepted the situation. 'Yes, he is never eo happy as when he has his nose in a volume of travels,' he an swered. ' You arc not looking over well, Adrian. What's the matter?' ' Oh, 1 am well enough.' ' But a little anxiouB about your brother,' pursued the Colonel, watching :Slr Adrian'6 face as he spoke. 'I met Mrs Frcemaqtle in ray stroll this morning, and she told me vou were all of you uneasy about Mr Bel field, and that you wanted him to travel.' ' Yes ; he iis out of health and out of spirits.' ' Everybody has noticed the change in him. Tlicrc has been a deeper gloom than i husbands usually fall into under such circam- 1 stances. Most men take their troubles pretty lightly, nowadays.' Adrian was silent. ' Have } ou Bucccedcd in persuading your brother to try change of sccne ?' 'I hop^ so. Toerc is nothing decided, and Valentine is not given to allowing other people to manage hiB life. He went up to town yesterday to look about him' ' Oh, he has gone to London, has he ? Where dors be put up ?' ' I really don't know. At the Great Western most likely, if he took the train for Paddington. If he travelled by the other line, be may have gone to tbe Grand.' 41 You have not heard from him since he left.' 11 No ; he is not food of letter writing. He will telegraph if he has anything to say The conversation drifted to indifferent matters, but was far from lively. Colonel Deverill had a preoccupied air, and looked out of the window oftener than was natural to a well-mannered Irishman. Adrian was full of uneasy suspicion about Mr Melnottc and his business in the neigh borhood. He was riBing to leave when the butler -flung open the door and announced ' Lord St Austell.' ' By Jove, this is an unexpected pleasure,' said the Colonel, and before he could rccover from his surprise Sir Adrian passed St. Aus tell with the coldest possible salutation, no Ided good. bye to his host, and departed. ' What brings you into this part of the world 7' asked Colonel Deverill, when the door had shut upon Adrian. 'I want to know the result of Melootte's investigations, and I was sick of waiting for letters. He has been very slow.' ' Yes ; he has been uncommonly slow. I can get nothing out of him. And now Bel field has given us the slip. If there has been fool play, he may be on his way to America by this time— -afe out of reach before wc can move a step. He went up to London -esterday.' ' I know he did,' Answered St. AustelL ' I met him in the station at Exeter.' ' You did ? Strange.' ' Yes, it was a strange meetine, for it con firmed my darkest suspicions. We meet face to face, Deverill-^ met and passed each other ; and if ever I saw tbe face of a murderer I saw it then,' ' Bosh 1 Men don't wear tbe record of crime on their faces.' 41 TMb one wore it yesterday, It was the brand of Cain. He quailed at the sight of , me, at me-? bis wife's lover ; the man who blighted his married life. Why, if he had not been the greater sinner, he would have j blflEOd up at sight of mc-^-flown at mc like a I tiger— tried to strangle me. Was it natural ; to turn livid and then pass on, with his | eyes fixed on vacancy, pretending not to B*e I mc ? Was that the conduct of the man j whom 1 had wronged— who had the right to I call mc to account? No, Deverill ; it was | the manner of a wretch who knew himself a ! hnndred times more guilty than I. It was | the face of an assassin. And yon and Mel* notte have trifled with your chances, have let this consummate Bcoundrel get clear off before you have discovered his crime.' ' I do not tbink Melnotte has been idle ; but 1 c»n get very little out of him. He is uncommouly close.' 'Yes, that is a trick of the trade. I believe this one is really a clever fellow. He began life as a gentleman and started in hi6 present profession with the advantage of a university education. They think highly of biro at Scotland Yard, and he has been invaluable to mc io two or three rather awkward affairs But I don't like his letting things hang fire, nc ba* l-een here long enough to arouse Belficld's suspicions. When do you expect him ?' ' Any time between now and eight o'clock. He always dines with us, and if you can 6tay to dinner- ' 41 Of course I can stAV. I came to Devon shire to find out what progress you were making. I cannot rest till I know the worst, and if there is a wrong to be avenged, 1 Bhall never rest till vengeance has been done. I'll take a stroll and a smoke by the river, and then go back to the inn and dress. 1 Bhall be with you 600n after seven on the chance of getting some talk with Melnotte before dinner.' He left the Colonel free to go hack to his easy chair by tbe dining-room tire, his news papers, cigar and afternoon sleep. Colonel lJeverill was in the lowest spirits, full of vague dread, as one upon the threshold of a ghastly revelation ; but there are phases of physical comfort which can coexist with mental depression, and tbe Colonel went back to his fireside and his soft, warm chair, his brandy and soda and afternoon slumbers, as naturally as the dog goes to the hearthrug and coils himself round by the fender, even after being klckcd. St. Austell lighted his cigar and sauntered along by the rivor, shadowed now by woods that, were leafless, and hills (hat were bleak and bare. A lieron camc swooping over Hir tree tops and down to the water's edge, and stood on one leg in a meditative attitude, waiting to spear the first unwary tiBh that nassed that way. The sky was grey and (lull, but the air was mild. It was an atmosphere suggestive of idleness and languid emotions. St. Austell followed the course of the Chad as far as the mouth of that tributary stream which flowed through the grounds of BelfHd Abbey, but at this point he turned, and went along the narrow wood* land path which led to those shrubbcricd walks where be had last seen Helen Bel field. It was summer then, and the foliage wrb dense and heavy, shutting out the world beyond that verdant solitude. Now all was bleak and bare, save where the conifers showed darkly green against the dnll grey sky. He remembered every turn of the path by which they two had walked, he pleading, she listening, with drooping head and eyelids heavy with tears. ' 1 know ehe loved me,' be told himself. ' If she bad lived she would have been mine. Or if she had made up her mind to throw mc over, aod live her life without me, she would not have left me in iincertainty about her fate, she would not have trifled with my love and tortured me for no pur pose. She is dead, and that man has mur dered her.' Ho was close to the spot where they had sat together under the willow upon that last afternoon. Yes. there was tbe cypress walk, aod there below it upon tbe edge of the stream, the great grey trank of the willow slanting across the bank, and there the rustic bench upon which they had sac. .^iohiebne waH '^lKlsg there to ? day — a ^roman In a tar coat, with just tbe same j giaocful, curving line of thro&tand; shonldeir, 1 and small head with heavy colls of hair, j His heart stood still at sight ot that figure, i It was she. She had been living at the 1 Abbey all this time in hiding. She .was there, almost 'within reacb ol his fcrmsi^n' \ that one delirious ^moment he felt that^ie, a loved her, as he had never loved womah -4 with an undying love. ^ 1 She rose at the sound of Wb footsteps and 1 came slowly forward to meet him, a; black- ^ poodle by her feide, shaking tbe «ilver bell ? 4 On his collar as he rath St. Austell's heart ; sank as she drew neater, with the bitterest disappointment he hadeVer-felt in his life.' „ 'Mrs Baddeley, you have given me -a Crushing 4-low,V be «aidj - slowly. ? '-l:.U-ok s you for your sister.' ' ' ' 'Poor Helen. You of all people ought least to expect to find her ?itting'here.*' ' ' You still believe -that I was concerned.. in her disappearance ?' ' - ? j ** I have not yet reconciled myself to any other i en.' ?' . 14 Would to God you were right, and that I knew where to find her. 1 am tortured byihefcellef ihat^sbe was made away, wi0i; by her husband.' ... „ And then ho told Mrs Baddeley ot that chanoe encounter at Exeter, and of the conclusions he had drawn from Mr Bel field's countenance. . 41 Is not that rather too strong an Interpre tation to put upon a disagreeable face?' said Leo, dabioualy. 41 Short of clalrvoyanoe I -cannot understand yonr ground fo'rauch? , an idea.' 'Call It clairvoyance, if you like— the clairvoyance of love. I know that ^as I* looked' the man In the 'face a dreadful* certainty flashed into my mind. That man Is the murderer of mv love. I shall never rest till I have solved the mystery of her fate. If ehe is alive, 1 will find, her. If she is dead, I will find out - how «he died,' and if there was foul play her murderer shall not go unpunished.-' Leonora Baddeley looked at him in silence for some taoments, half io cynical disbelief, half in admiration.' Had' he but loved her with such a love ^as that, .she would have counted the whrld well lost for his sake. H« had sued to her and had been rejected, because ehe bad loved the world's good word better^ than .she Jovcd him, and perhaps still more, bicauae she doubted the reality of hU'love.' -Anti then afterwards, when, she saw his affections transferred to her sister— saw ' him ever so much more earnest in the pufsnit of that newer fancy— she had discovered- her own weakness, and that ho was theohe man whom she really loved. Tortured by jealousy, she found out how dear he had been to her, he whom she treated so lightly, holding him at bay with careless speeches and silvery laughter, and all the polished arts of a coquette, as ehe had done with a crowd of meaner admirers. Only of late had she known what it was to love and have her love unreturned. ' You talk very big,' she said, ' bnt you have done nothing to solve the mystery.' ' Directly, nothing ; but through your father I hope to accomplish everything.' 'My poor father. He is very unhappy about Helen.' ' He will have to be still more unhappy, if her fate was as dreadfnl as I think.' -( Poor father. It would be too hard upon him in his old age. Bnt I cannot believe in this morbid fancy of yours. The mystery of my sister's disappearance has set us all imagining dreadful things. She is safe enough, I daresay — hiding herself somewhere, and not caring how much we may all suffer about her.' ?' If I could only think as much — if 1 could only hope as much,' St. Austell answered, sadly. They walked back towards the cottage to gether, talking very little, both of them serious and depressed. Mrs Baddelev was far from being easy in her mind about her 6istcr, although she affected to make light of St. Austell's fears. (To BE COKTTNUEDNEXT WEDNESDAY,) 