THE CRITIC. ?' JBy ' Sir STretfal Plagiary.' f'Who can undaunted bmvc the Critio's rage ? Or note uumoved his mcutioa lu tbe Critic's pigs? Parade his errors to the public eya, .And Mother Gnmdy's rage defy 'The jury have to decide on the evidence, pot upon the speeches of counsel.1— Mr. justice Cohen. Parkes and ttfe Freetrado Party should Bei^d a cable to President Cleveland, con* gratulating him on his latest attempt to ' twist the lion's tail.' Companion pictures : Shylock struggling for hid pound of fleBh. Heydon fighting to .retain . Crick among the accused. Of the two,,' I prefer Shy lock. Jeshurao, when he vraxed fat, kicked. Beid gets kicked. Another proof this that they did not know everything downin J udee. Other times, other manners. Someone says that women are fat more formal than men— having fewer geniuses And, at the same time, fewer idiots. A reason this, for granting the franchise to them. A Leeds doctor, who had been hurrying on |iis bicycle, expired at the bedside while ex amining a lady patient. The patient died the same morning, the end, it. is thought, peing accelerated by the shock. Next time the great Civic Panjandrum is elected 1 am tofd that wc are going to have It splendid Lord Mayor's Show. Alderman STohnston will figure in the procession as a £3oss Underground Engineer. 'Twould suit him, One who was present tells me that * Jem 1 Cannon's speech in defence of Green, in the I)ean Conspiracy Case, was a very masterful effort, and the way he rubbed it into the Crownj and into the Crown witness, Norton, tob a caution to BnakeB. John Ball actually builds vessels of war for his hereditary foes. A torpedo- boat des troyer, built in London for the Russian Government, travelled 34 miles an hour during her trial trip on the Thames, the lugheat record of speed at sea. One of the most levelheaded juryman I Ixave ever heard of is that one in the Bean conspiracy case who quietly reminded Mr. Crown Prosecutor Heydon that the jury Were folly empowered to acquit any or every ficcused person once the case for the Crown fcad boen concludcd. According to tbo most recent revelations In the ' sweating 1 trade, it would appear that the Railway Commissioners, in their fceal to retrench everything baning their own screws, are, in no small degree, contributors (to the starvation prices paid to the makers Of railway officials' uniforms. 4 The 1 8. M. Herald,' commenting on Tues day^ development of the Dean conspiracy Case} generously said : — ' A verdict of acquit ial was recorded, and Crick was discharged/ There was still a flavor of the prison about, the ' Mi ' was carefully eliminated. Next jjday the titular tinsel was accorded in full. At the very moment the New South Wales ^Ministry arc boasting of establishing abso lute freedom of trade, it seems kind of jcnriouB to find the leading members of the ^British Ministry announcing that the policy ot their Government is to keep the trade of the Empire for its own producers and prti&ans.; * John Ball and Uncle Sam have gotten themselves in an awkward fix. One or t'other will have to back down, and the question naturally iB — Which 'Tis a pity £*-id Salisbury refused to submit the matter to'arbitration. 'Tis a small matter to come to blows about, and arbitration would have been a graceful and easy solution of the Venezuelan difficulty. In the Legislative Council it is the lew non fcripta never to to know the want of a kjnornm unless it is forced upon yonr obser vation in a very direct, unmistakeable man tier* The other evening a division took place over the Conditional Purchasers' Belief Bill with the result, 10 ayes and G noes. She President then announced that as the (Lirisiun disclosed the fact that there was no quorum he wonld adjourn the House. President Cleveland and the Freetrade fl?arty in the United States find their domestic policy so utterly discredited by the country that, in order to draw a herring across the scent and enable them to despe rately retain office at any price, they are playing it low down by threatening war over the Venezeulan question with the United Kingdom in order to catch the anti English, Irish-American vote in the StateB. fcfy old friend, ( Mac/ sends xne a chatty Volume entitled 'Australian Gossip and gtoty/ by the 4 Globe Trotter/ The story ettes are reprinted from the * Sydney Stock and Station Journal/ and amply repay perusal. The story of ' Jenny Kerr' read in the light of the recent 'sweating* revela tions. contains a very apropos moral As the \fcrk ot a busy journalist these sketches are distinctly good. The book ie well illua* t rated. Last Wednesday's 'Daily Telegraph1 very Rightly says : — * Against Mr Crick not the shadow of a ghost evidence was ever produced, and the arrest *&d; attempt# lopkjnsr-pp otjwr j man under such circumstances is a grave reflec tion upon the competency of whoever was respon sible for that initial mistake/ Our contemporary, however, proceeds by implication to blame the police for the mis talic. The power b'chind the police Bhould be the patty blamed, and as to the mistake— why, that is not the word. In Pretoria I am told the Boer: bullock driver names his oxen after friends or enemies. No team is considered complete without its vcrdoemde EngcUahvian (d— — d Englishman) ; and the beast selected for this unhappy distinction is generally the poorest looking and the most Btupid of the' lot. - The verdonmde iJngelschman, as a matter of course, 'can never do right ; he iB either too fast or too slow— there is always something wrong with him— and so he gets the whip. In this way does the modest and gentle Boer display bis feelings towards us. | In tho South Australian Assembly tlie Treasurer) in presenting the budget for the I Northern Territory, said: 'The idea of handing the Northern Territory back to England was to be deprecated, as it would i probably then be handed over to chartered j companies, who would exploit it with Asiatic , labor, which would be a national disaster to j Australia. South Australia should keep the | Territory as at present, though enduring a j financial loss, in the interests of the whole i continent, until Federated Australia was \ prepared to take over the control of Northern j Australia/ j ? * ? It is supposed to be a fundamental axiom j of British justice that accused persons are | presumed to be (and should be treated as) i innocent, until proved to be guilty . Messrs Crick, Meagher, and Green, while only J accused (and therefore presumably innocent) were treated as malefactors by the Crown, and every objection was raised to their obtain ing bail. Yet, directly Mr Meagher was found guilty, and an application for bail was made on his behalf, the Crown offered no objection to its being granted- Seems kind of curionB, doesn't it, nntil you come to con sider that Mr Crick was not the applicant. A month ago I lived in clover, A happy man I ranged the town. But backing 'osses bowled me over—* Like Protection— 1 am down. I used to go to all the races, Drove a buggy, kept a groom ; Ym now engaged in selling laces, 1 ha'n't. enough to buy a broom. CHOBUS— Cash in the bank I once had plenty, . Of coppers now I haven't twenty ; For like a fool I've lo9t my all, I am an M. U. G. At Kensington course 1 met my doom, Now I live in a top back room, Up to my eyes in debt for rent-y , That's what its done for me I Crick's red-hot speech last Thursday fairly bristled with points. Here are a few culled hap- bazard 1 'Why was I arrested on the Gth October, when ou the 29th of the same month .the Crown had no evidence to offer against me 1 * If this could happen to a man in my position, what might happen to a poor man, without friendB, influence, or money ? 1 1 There is no more effectual method of silencing criticism than to put your critic in gaol/—' He (Heydon) is said; to be 'one of que own.' If he's a fair specimen, I'll turn Mahometan/—' The Attorney- General has been attacked— well, he deserves to be attacked.'— ' 1 The Lord will not prevent Heydon from being an Acting Jndge of the Supreme Court again, but I will.*—' What is the charge against Meagher of trying to shield & guilty man compared with the more dastardly crime of endeavor ing to brand an innocent man with tbe shame of guilt, and placing him in a felon's cell?'— f dare this God-fearing Ministry to shield their pure, ' immoral consideration' pleading Attorney-General/— 'He (Want) is nothing better than a ' welcher/' * 