Wis have so often expressed our. selves in terms of hopeful anticipa. tion in regard to the immediate prospect of the Australasian colonies, and of our own in particular, that it may not be out of place to give a few facts and figures showing the soundness of our anticipations : and I to this end we sclect a few returns from recent issues of our Melbourne contemporaries and the Gazette with some interesting local items to show how rapidly things are assuming the brisk and cheerful appearances of bye-gone times. No one can scan the following table, which simply embraces the records of a week and a half, without being convinced +WT however dull business may be upon tbe surface, there is a vastamountof wealth in these colonies which is being built up day by day; — Total amount of money id (be Sariogs Banke of the seven colonies £22,268,153— increase of £6,272,662 over the boom rear of 1889. Total accumulated funds of Australasias Life A6SoraoeeGompaQiea,£2l.l50.712— -an increase of £7,243,280 on tbe boom year of 1869. Net revenue collected by the Victorian Customs department daring Jinnaty amounted to £.188,218, an increase of on the corresponding month of last year, and £14,960 in excess of the treasurer's estimates. The Melbourne Tramway Company earned 3,829,536 passengers is January being 40.819 more than in the corresponding month of last year, Ibongh tbe mileage ran was 22.969 lees. Queensland revenue returns for Jannary £246,182— an increase of £8623 on tfas corresponding month of last year. TsBmanian revenue for Jnnunrjr £73,611, —an increase of £15,552 on January 1891. CommercialBankingCompaojof Sydney releases £2,000, 0U0 of locked op capital. Oot-pnt of Victorian coal for last year was 170,467 tons, an increase of 78,741 tons oo he previous year. Tbe miners engaged in Victoria at the end of December was a 7,856, an increase of 2337 lor the year. Queensland gold mines for 1891 paid £293,063 in dividends, tbe yield of gold being 26 3,874 ozs., an increase of 7415 ess. Australian Joint Stock Batik makes a net profit for the half year of £21,914, sod pays 4 per cent dividend. Three men at Turner, W.A., got 270 ozs. gold in alluvial, another 106 oxs. First crashing from Mount Burgess mine, Ooolgardie, gave 577 ozs. from 268 tons. Queensland imports for 1894 showed decrease of £7990., while tbe . exports increased the tot il amount helng £8,330,731. Queensland National Bank makes £11 374 profit for tbe half year and -pays a~dlvidend of 3 per cent. ?- ; - Discorery oF a oewjg-old bearing reef at Peter1® Cresk Falls, near Bjrntbea; ' Gold discovery on tbe Upper Gladstone, oear Brifigolong, £2000 worth being taken out In one week. Union Bank of Aostralia makes £69,000 profit for balf year and pays a dividend of 6 per cent. Melbourne Gas Company earns £43,785 profit and pays a dividend of 5s. per sbarr, Wellington Gas Company pays W dividend of 10 per cent. New hark mill opened al Portland by a firm expending £8000 per annum in the tows. Enroa Preserving Company pays £6616 to rabbit trappers and employes and makes a profit of £115. New Zealand Treasurer anticipates a gross surplus of £350,000. ' Eighty-eight tons of stone from tbe Queen of the Lake mine, W.A., yielded 219 oes. smelted gold. Star of tbe East, W.A., crushed 400 tons stone for 250 ozs, Newcastle and Hunter River S. N. Com pany pays dividend of 6 per cent. Adelaide Steamship Company pays divi dend of 6 per ccof. Tasmaniau Trustees Ootapaoy pays 6 per cent, dividend. Melbourne Tramway Company pays 5 per cent, dividend and anticipates that its traffic will not witness any fnrther fall* iiig off. Rich gold find 12 miles from tbe Wealth of Nations mine, Coolgardie. A digger picked np a tamp, of gold weighing 104 ozs. near Bayley's Reward, Coolgardie. New Chum mine, Murcbison, W.A., crushed 280 tons for 1112 ozs. West Volunteer mine, Lefroy, Tasmania, cleaned op 5488 oz. amalgam from 184 tons stone— a magnificent yield. Prioccss Theatre, Melbourne, spends £3000 in re-decorations. Talbot Butter Factory pays a dividend of 5 per cent. Sydney and Suburban Hydraulic Power Company increase their dividend from 5 to 6 per cent. Mount Morgan mine pays dividend of sixpence. Denton Bat Mills, Collingwood, pays a dividend of 10 per cent., reports business satisfactory bq-i 400 hands employed. Weekly wool sales, Melbourne, 12,748 bales disposed of. Metropolitan Board of Works accepts tenders to tbe amount of £25,385. A fourth dividend of Is. the £ is payable to the depositord in the Federal Building Society. Lake View mine, Coolgardie, has ob tained 800 ozs. of gold since Christmas. Sydney railway commissioners acccpt tenders for regrading the Southern line which will employ 530 men for six months. New Zealand Accident Insurance Com pany declares a dividend of 124 Pef cent. Glengarry Creamery and Bnlter Factory Company declares a dividend of 10 per cent. Firm market Tor investment stocks, higher prices ruling. Broken Hill Proprietary Company earned net profits for the half year amounting tn £313,000, of which £288,000 was distri buted as dividends. Victorian Government S£ per cents, risen to 96{. The R.M.S. Orotava sailed on Saturday with 163 tons of butter from Victoria out of 800 awaiting shipment. £3000 worth of gold in 3 cwt, of quartz brought in from a new lode, near tbe White Feather, Coolgardie. Successful auction sales of colonial wines in London at very satisfactory prices. Australian racehorse Carbine sold for 13,000 guineas to the Dake of Portland. Commercial Bank of Australia makes a profit of £215,000 for the balf year. Bon. James Service at the Commercial Bank meeting — 'In reference to tbe profits during the past half year there was a con siderable improvement over tbe previous one and the increase is satisfactory as indicating the tendency of business to improve.' Service continued—' 'We have anticipated the payment of extended deposit receipts to the extent of balf a million.' Service continued—' We have 6o)d about £30,000 worth of land at from £10 to £30 per sere. That does not show that Victoria is on its last legs.' It is anticipated by the railway com* missionere that by the end of tbe financial year the loss of revenue will be made np by savings. During December the revenue was £1,296,641, and the expenditure £788,829. Another new industry fairly launched in the exportation of Victorian timber to London — 150,000 feet principally of atriney bark shipped. Victorian 4 per cents, quoted in London £102 and £104. One hundred and nineteen bead of cattle shipped from Sydney for Europe aud sold in advance to tbe Freneh war office. National Mortgage and Agency Company pay a dividend of 5 per cent, in addition to an interim dividend paid in July last. Anstralasian Mortgage and Agency Co. made a profit for tbe half year of £36,000. The Damascns sailed from Melbourne on Saturday with 17 382 carcasses of fiozen mutton aud 34 calves, the bulk being fiom small farmers, Yarra Glen Butter Fsctory worked up 59,411 gals, of milk during the December quarter. Garvoc Butter Factory takes 1700 gals, more of milk daily (ban last year. Warrnambool Cheese and Rutter Factory |MIU ftiv.uio IUI luiifc. nuu BJO'U as uonue during last half year. Kilmore Bacon Curiog and Meat Export Company formed. Camperdown Bacon Curing Company formed. Portland Freezing Company purchase 33 acres of land for the erection of works. Allansford Bacon Curing Company paid £1488 to shareholders for pigs during last half year. Western Meat Preserving Company will resume operations at Camperdown next month. The trade In rabbits from Kyneton is very brisk, 15,000 per week being des patched to Melbourne. Wheat is steady with a brisk demand at 2s. 2}d. to 2a. 3d. new wheat, 2s. 5|d. old. Customs revenue for January £151,441 against £143,092 last year. A Victorian tender has been accepted for the erection of a bridge over the fidward river, N.S.W., for £3,882. Balmain New Ferry Co., N.S.W., pays a dividend of 6 per cent. Auckland X % Gas ' Company pays a dividend of 7s. tid. per share. 'A cave of gold' discovered at the Hit or Miss mine, Coolgardie. Streak of Dayclaim,-3ooilgardiel obtained 166 ozs. of gold from 28 tons of stone. Shares fn the Mainland Consols GM* Company, Mnrchison, W.A., to tbe extent of £150,000 over subscribed in London. Meat freezing works to be erected at once at Geelong. Broadford sawmills busy sawing timber for Europe. Brisk land sale of 50 allotments in Outtrim township— all sold at from £5 10s. to £27 per block. Railway to Outtrim authorised by Vic* 1 lorian Parliament. Southern Insurance Company pays a dividend of 15 per cent. Indemnity Fire and Bfariue loearaooe Company pays a dividend of 8 per cent. In commercial circles applications for renewal of bills have not been ao numerous, business being more satisfactory than anticioated. Melbourne Mint last 'week received. 12,300 ozf, gold and issned £40,000 in coin. All the available - deck spaoe tin the steamer Gulf of Lyons has been secured for the live cattle trade. Bank of Victoria made £21,086 iirofit for tbe half year and pays a dfvideuaof 5 per cent, on preference shares and 2} ou ordinary, ?6hares iu the Star of the Sast G.M. Company, Mnrchison, allotted in London to the amoout of £90,000. I fiobart Gas Company pays a dividend of I J8s.per share. The arrivals by sea into Victoria in the month of December were 9197 and the departures 8813, or a net gain to the oolnny of 884. ?vlt would be possible to'go on multiplying these instances. In point of feet a very tempting list lies before job, but we pass on to give a few .instances -of -local progress as follows During tbte past sew days no less than a dozen . shops in Ch&^el -street, . Prahran, formerly vacant, have been taken. Mr. H. II. Jones, furaitore warehouseman, opens -At -Greenfe, old . 6hop, 138 Chapel street, Windsor. Messrs. W. Wool house And Co^ .a well known firm of Sheffield cutlers and umbrella makers now of Melbourne, will open an establishment iu Chapel-street, two doors from the offices of -the Prahran Telcaraph, where they will make a distributing centre for their extensive trade, Messrs. Fallon and Ridgway, the enter prising- drapers of Windsor, are throwing out Iheir tentaeles and hare taken another drapery business. Tire large drapery premises formerly occupied by Mr. Moffit at Windsor will be opeoed as a manufacturing establishment. The business premises next to tbe Bank of Australasia, Windsor, has also passed into tbe hands of a tenant. Mr. H. Morris. Jones' ftpiner premises, the handsome three ctoriedbuildingB-at the corner of High and Chapel streets, Windsor, are to be opened as an extensiredrapery establishment by a former partner in one of the best known Collins-street firms. We do not deduce from these facts and figures of a few days the opinion that everybody is prosperous and doing well. There is yet much lee way to be made up ; but the State revenues are beginning to expand, nearly oil the banks and public companies are paying dividends, the gold diBooveries chronicled from day to day exceed in richness the finds of tbe early days ; while the output of wool, tallow, wheat, butter, cheese, eggs, fruit, timber and so forth are multiplying immensely. All the Aus tralian colonies are rapidly mounting the hill. Profitable employment iB becoming more and more plentiful, aud profits are becoming larger. Yet a short time aud Australia will again become the Tom Tiddler's ground of the capitalist and the working man's j paradise. The two religious controversies going on in our columns arc exciting a considerable amount of public attention. 'Is Christianity a Failure f' is again denied by a correspondent elsewhere, following on the lengthy letters which appeared on the subject in our issue of Wednesday. The other discussion impinges upon the same subject, being opeoed by a criticism from the pen of our well-known correspondent ' T.Y.,' on the Rev. A. C. Hendersoo's sermon in regard to Abraham's inteoded sacrifice of bis son. In this issue tbe reverend gentleman replies to bis critic. Thbvbdebal picnic between the St. Kilda and Prahran Tradesmen's Clubs will eventuate ou Thursday next when it is anticipated thata large numherof residents of the two cities will embrace the oppor tunity of visiting Sorrento and partaking in the pleasure of the festivities. Tbe 'flygeia ' will leave Port Melbourne pier at 9 a.m., calling at St. Kilda half an hour later, the return fare being 3s. 6d. for adults and 2s. for children under 15 years. A programme of sports wilt be carried out at the popular trysting-placc and various other attractions will be provided for the enjoyment of excursionists. The steamer will leave Sorrento at 5 p.m., calling at St. Kilda on the return journey. Favoured with fine weather, tbe onting should prove BQccessful both in a financial and social sense. Oob annoal tboput in connection with the local tradesmen's marine excur* sion will again take tbe form of a prize of one guinea for the Oldest Local Married Couple present at tbe festivities on Thurs day next, and in view of tbe federal character of the picnic the competition besides being appropriate should prove additionally interesting, being open for all residents of the districts of Prahran and St. Kilda. We may explain that the | trophy will be awarded to tbe couple who have been tbe longest united in tbe bonds of wedlock and not necessarily the couple whose ages total the highest number. I Last year tbe trophy was won at St. Kilda by Mr. and Mrs. John Marden with a forty- three yean1 wedded record, a similar trophy in connection with the Prahran excursion being carried off by Mr. and Mrs. John Fiagg, of Windsor, who had^for ' forty-six years furnished practical proof that marriage is not always a failure. Both couples had resided in tbe district close upon forty years, and as will be seen the contest was pretty close between tbe two cities. It therefore remains to be proved whether -St. Kilda can produce a couple who can eclipse last year's record, or whether the picnio festivities next Thursday will be attended by a wedded pair who will be able to wrest the honor* able distinction from our worthy old friends at Windsor. We have inaugurated another novel competition in the form of a valoable prize for 41 The Best Joke of the Day.' As we remarked last week, in connection with festivities of this kind there are always some good jokes in circulation, and as we thoroughly believe in tbe lines— ' Care to our coffins adds a nail, no doubt; And every laugh, so merry, drawi one out,' we have decided to extract as many nafla as possible by promoting this novel com petition. We propose to award a trophy valued at 16s. to the perpetrator of the 'best joke of the day,' and in deciding the point we intend asking three well known jocose experts to assist us, Tbe jokes must either reach the editor's ears personallyor may be submitted in writing up till 9 a.m. on the day fol\pwing tbe tradesmen's excursion. Tbe trophies are now on view in the shop window of the secretary at 241 Cbapel-etreet, Prahran, The Minister of Poblic . Works has lost no tfme fn making arrangements for the holdiog of a conference between the corporations interested in tbe Yam, with a view to the carrying out of the improve* meets necessary to prevent floods. The gathering is fixed to take place on the 27th iust. in the board-room of the Xonds de partment, and tbe necessary areolars have already been seat oat As WK STATED on Wednesday arrange* ments are already .being made by tbe parishioners of St, Matthew's Chnrch, Prahran, to present the Rev. A. R. Biacket, B.AM with a fitting testimonial- prior to hta departure to take up mission work in Persia. It is intended to make [the rev. geotleuAn a presentation of 'a practical character in . the~for*n of a purse of sove* i reigns. In the meantime the congregation intend getting as loach work as^ossiblc out of their old; pastor &e; he leaves, a aeries of speolal servioes having been arranged, including -the Sunday school anniversary on the 24th inst., when Mr. Biacket will preach both morning and evening ' Sunday the Dn!' Maroh' will 'be'' devoted to valedictory services, and on the following Wednesday evening a monster farewell demonstration will be held in the schoolroom, the date of the rev. .gentle man's departure being Saturday, 9th March, when he will embark for England by the S 8. Bome, proceeding thence to Persia after a short interval in London. Oob sdb-leadeb dealing with the re duction of municipal salaries at St. Kilda in our issue of Wednesday hasgiven rise to some lively criticisms, sod there is a strong Seeling not only in St. Kilda but in other municipal circles that it is a bad policy to reduce the salary o£ an officer to a point where he is enable to live respectably. The Prahran council is, however, appa rently followii^- enit, hayiog decided on Monday, as will be seen in another column, to take away tbe collection of dog fees from the inspector, and to farm it oat by contract. As lospector Rider was reduced by £76 only last September, this further reduotion of £40 or £50 per year appears as barsb as it is unnecessary. The civil LI6T in the Prahran court on Thursday was disposed of as follows: — T. M'Gonagle v.G. D. O'Neil, good £1 12s. 4d., order with 6s. costs ; Furneaux and Goodbody v. O'Reardon, goods £1 4s. 9d., order with 4s. costs ; Mary A. Johnson v. Wm. Reaby, use and occupation, £2 1 4s., order with 4s. costs; Ciabb and Vellsnd v. Dr. J, Summers, organist of All Saints' Church, St. Kilda, goods 16s., order with 4s. COBts ; Mary A. Davies y. J. Matthew, use and occupation, £3 LOs., order for amount with 2s. 6d. costs ; A, M'Crow and Son v. C. Davies, illegal detention, dismissed with 238\. 6d. costs ; Dr. W. G. A'Becket v. W. H. Devonshire, medical services, £1 lis, 6d., order with 13a. costs; same v. E. G. Ovey, medical services, £1 is., order with 13s. costs ; Thos. Barranger v. Mrs. Wright, goods £4 7s. 7d., order for £S 7s. 7d. with 14s. costs ; Henry Coney, for exposing goods on the footpath, was fined Is, With begabd to tbe prisoner James Callender, who was recently sentenced by the Prahran magistrates to 12 months' im prisonment and a flogging for indecent con duct iu Fawfcner Park, it has been found that he is in a weak state of health, show ing indications of phthisis, consequently the floggiog has been remitted— for which he should be for ewer grstefal to those in* floential friends who have been enabled to show that be is in such 'a weak state of health.' The unfortunate part of tbe busi ness 16 that if be bad been a poor friendless wretch in a far weaker state of health he would probably have bad to take his fifteen lashes. A ltbbabianb* association is pro jected by the trustees of tbe Melbourne Public Library and the support of the 1 various libraries tfaroaghou't Australia has been invited. A large amount of practical literary work can be accomplished by such an association, whilst its formation would \- materially assist in introducing a more systematic arrangement and a better 6tyle of management into tbe public libraries of the colonies. A circular fiom the trustees was received by the Prahran council on Monday last and referred to the library committee. The KOKTiittF 6K0CE- night in connec tion with the Phoenix Lodge of Buffaloes was held at Host Duff's on Monday evening last, Primo ,B. T.Stevens presiding over a good master of 'the craft An cxceilcnt programme of harmony was contributed to as follows Bro. Cochrane, song, ' Dream of Advertisements;' Mr A.Cochrane, 'Love's own Sweet Song;' Bro. Boyd song, 'Dream- ing as She Sleeps Bro. Beatty, parody; on ??Sailing;' Bro: Walton, songs, ''Will ?o* the Wisp' and 'The Old Sexton Mr, D. Nathnn, song, ?' Across the Bridge Bro. Sandoe, song, « How will the Voyage End J' Bro, W. H. Williams, songs, ''Star ofc Bethlehem' and 41 The Death of Nelson ;n Bro. H. Williams, 'Touch the Harp Gently;? Bro. Holmes, song, 41 Three Chaptere ;| Bro, Holyford, song, ' Tbe Life we Live ;? Bro. B. T. StevenB, song, ' My Leonore Mr. Gondy, song, 41 Oh forest green.' The concluding item was a comic duet by Messrs. Collins and M'Guiness. Bro. Fred Ireland officiated at tbe piano in his osuaj efficient style. In view of the interest occasioned by the billiard match played at the Prah ran Telegraph Hotel on Monday evening last between Mr. Harry Cohu,a well known local amateur^ and a' crack- player from West Australia for a £10 trophy and a handsome silver cap presented by Mr, Frank Cartwrigbt, the licensee of the hotel; arrangements have been made for a similar match to be played at the same hostelr^ next Monday at 8,80 p.m., between Mr. Cohh and Mr. George Langley, the welU known Prahran metallician, the latter receiving 125 In BOO. On this occasion the winner will receive a 'prize valued at £20 and a handsome trophy presented by Mr. Carlwright. These matches are pro ductive of much interest on the part of lovers of the game, and as they are con. ducted in a manner in keeping with tbe excellent reputation of the hotel, Mr. Cart Wright's efforts are highly appreciated. ' . PooB Chablbs ,GiLLiAi(;wasonce again woreted at tbe Prahran conrt on Thursday —this time in respect to a dog which he; bad in bis possession and which was elatmed by a youth named Fred. Netdbain, who deposed to having lost the run of it and to having subsequently, fonnd .it in Gilliam's dog-shop at South Yarra. When a demand was made for the animal Gilliam refused to give it up without the payment of fees, bntojn Wednesday evening be took the canine to Needbam, who, in turn, refused to accept delivery of it unless defendant paid the legal expensesiDcurred. Gilliam en deavoured to make out that tbe dog was not Need ham's at all, aud called James BoUty who, in testifying to bavinghad the doggircn to him and to having placed it in Gilliam's bands to sell on commission, created a good deal of laughter by his naivette, and during the hearing of tbe ease a consider able amonnt of amusement was furnished to those present in oourt, the magistrates having allowed a great deal of latitude to the contending patties, who conducted their own case in a strictly unconventional manner, the result being an order for the restitution of the dog with Us. costs, or ia default tbe payment of £2. . The new fibe station in Inkennan* street, Sr. Kilda, was officially opened on Wednesday evening last by Cr. Jacoby, in tbe absence of the mayor, there being a number of gentlemen prefent, including the local councillors, Mr. J. N. Browne, town cleric, Mr. W. B. Downe, surveyor, Superintendent Stein, 'Major Ballenger, Mr B.8. Watson, and Captain Kelletl, tbe local, representative on the Fire Brigade Board. V; The ? formal ceremony of .opening bavinp been performed by Cr. Jacoby. in a ^ew^ppropriate words, Superintendent 8teln sounded the alarm and turned out tbe fire cart with tbe utmost despatoh at . the same time summoning a fire eartand ?steamer from Windsor and a boseeart-from ' East Prahran, the four vehioles being ' brought together at the corner of High and Inkennan streets in less than five minutes, much to the delight of tbe large j crowd which had by this time assembled. I ! After the experiment the company assem* | ' bled in the reception room, where Major ' Ballenger proposed the toast, ' Success to I the new Station,' coupled with the names of the councillors and officers of the city, to which Cr. Jacoby responded, expressing inter alia tbe. opinion that though tbe present Gre brigade system was more costly it was much more efficient than the old one, Cr. Lemme proposed the health of i Superintendent Stein, who in responding gave some interesting figures regarding the | nomber of fires occurring daring the past 1 few years. Seven years 8go the year's total was 375 fires in Melbourne and suburbs, ?ince when there had been a steady 1 increase till in 1893 over 900 were recorded, while last year the nomber .rose to 1,009. At St. Kilda there had been 44 alarms given daring the year, only fonrof which were serious the rest being rubbish fires, chimneys and false alarms. Other toasts were Tbe Architects, responded to by Mr. Sydney Smith, Cr. Kellett, tbe representa tive of the South Yarra group on the Board; and The Press, proposed by Mr.~E. S. Wat sou and responded to by Mr. S. J. Brani gati on liehalf of the St. Kilda Advert ixcr. A tour of inspection of tbe premises re vealed -hat a most compact and well appointed building had been erected, re flecting tbe greatest credit on both acbi tects and builders. There are, cxclnsivc of the stable and station, trn rooms, compris ing the foreman's quarters, men's sleeping rooms, mess room, bath rooms, etc. Tbe building is of brick and has a most sub* stantial appearance. Mr. H. Bunn, a member of the brigade, and an old St Kilda resident, fills the duties of foreman, and there are fire men attached to the station. A charge of housebreaking was pre ferred against George Watson and Arthur Forrester in the Prahran court on Thurs day. The complainant was Mrs. Elizabeth Thompson, of 28 Izett-street. who, in re turning home on the afternoon of the lst inst., after doing some shopping, found Watson in her house and Forrester outside standing sentry. An Alarm was raised and Forrester was caught by a hawker, while Watson was taken prisoner in Wolfenden's chemist shop by Constables Crimmins and Lloyd. Prisoners were committed for trial. A PLEASANT EVENING was spent by the Prahran branch of the A.N.A. on Wednes day night, a '? ladies' night' entertain' ment being enjoyed after disposing of tbe ordinary business. Of five new members nominated, two were solicitors, viz., Messrs. Gourlay and Bruce, tbe latter being the well- knowo cricketer. Mr. W. R. Church won the first prize of £3 3s., given for the nomination of the largest number of new members, and - Mr. G. Fitzsimmons, the president of tbe association, came next The branch then held a ' corroboree,' and amongst thoae whooontributed to tbe amuse mentof thesudfencewere Mr. W, R. Church, Mr. Dean, Mr. Pett, Mr. Scott, Mr. Woes?, Mr. Edwards, Miss Branson, Miss Raster, and Mr. and Mrs. Marks. The favourite of tbe evening was Mr. Pctt, who was vocifer ously applauded for his rendering of the Carnival song, being cucorcd, Mr. W. R. Church sang 'The Vicar of Bray' in his usual creditable style, and Mr, T. G. L. Scott's rendering of ?' My Life for Thee' was also especially well appreciated. Messbs. Q. Mobbis Jokes and Co., the well-known Cbapel-strcet furnishing warehousemen, have taken the premises formerly occupied by Messrs. W.J. Green and Co., at the corner of Chapel and Earl streets, Windsor, where they will open to day an entirely new stock of general fur nishings, tbe premises having been reno vated and attractively fitted up in the firm's proverbial enterprising style. There ia always room for additions of this kind to tbe local ranks of tradespeople, and tbe 'second advent' of Messrs. Morris Jones and Co. will give great pleasure to their many friends, who will join iu wishing tbem the best of good lock in their latest enterprise, A special uebtikg of the St Kilda Board of Advice was held on Monday last at tbe town-hall, tbe whole of the members being present as well as the bead masters and other teachers of tbe two local State schools, the principal business being the '?uiuiciiug oi me . au&ugeaienis; in connec tion with tbe forthcoming schools picnic to be held on the 1st March at Ifordialloc instead of at Blackburn as previously in tended. Various details were discussed, and a committee was appointed to wait upon tbe railway authorities in regard to special trains. A further meeting will be held on Monday next at 4.30 p.m., when a final decision will be arrived at in respect 1o tbe manner in which the children are to he entertained and other details, The ordinary business of tbe meeting was of a routine charaoter. It was decided to grant the request of Miss K. Allan to condact a class for painting after school boors at the Brighton-road school,' a similar request from Mr. G. M. Basse! for perm f set on to form an elocution class being refused, as a class of that kind was already established at the school. . Mb. Edwin Gbach, junior, whose up ward flight as a theatrical entrepreneur ytt ? have so often had occasion to allude .to, appears to have become part and pared of the Maggie Moore Company, the manage* ment of which dispatched him to Adelaide yesterday to arrange for tbe company's visit, totbat icapiul. next ^veek. Being a local man, apd a deserving man, too, we have all the more pleasure in noting the progress our friend Gcach is making. Tub St. Kilda uabkbt which has been a ' dull and dreary waste' for some time past will be re-opened this evening by the new lessee, Mr. M. H. M'Inerney, whose enterprise should meet with the approval of tbe citizens, .to whom tbe market should be a great convenience. With the object of encouraging similar enterprise on the part of the tradespeople Mr. M'Inerney has determined to give vendors of fruit, vegetables, poultry, meat and dairy produoe two months' rent free. A brass band !basi-een engaged for this evening in order to attract the public, acd no doubt, Inkerman-Btreet in the vicinity 5f the market will form a lively rcndcztout. Our leading coluhhs to-day present a somewhat unosnal appearance as in plaoe of comment aud argument we give a column and a half of solid fapts and figures to account for the faith that is in us as to the immediate prospects of Aus tralasia. These simply consist of brief rec cords, extendiogover the past few days, of tbe doings of various companies and industries, colonial revenues, etc., and indicate that there iB ~a deoided onward movement in every direction. Special attention is also given to local .developmenU, Prahran par ticularly being in the midst of qalte a -little shop-keeping boom. -: Messrs. E.J. Dixon andJSon will sell at noon on Wednesday next at their rooms, ^ 208 Chapel-street, Prahran, freehold . pro perties at Windsor and Sooth Yarra,' the; former having a frontage ot 50 feet to Pant-road, at present occupied as a wood and coal yard, while tbe latter comprises a detached W.B. bouse on land having a frontage of 48 feet to Ralston-street The Windsor property consists of a six-roomed W.B. cottage at 27 Andiew-strcet These properties arc well worth tbe attention of investon. A respectable looking nan named Thomas G. Raynor, living in Henry-street, Windsor, was fined 60s, with 15*. costs, At the St. Kilda court on Tuesday laBt for using obsceoe language. While abusing his bcttcr-balf late on tbe night of the 24 tb ult., the offcnder*gAve utterance to some vile expressions and disturbed the neigh bours by his shouts. Herman Berger and Elizabeth Johnson were each fined 10s. with 2s. Gd. cOsts for allowing their cattle to wander ; and Thomas Johnson was fined 10s. for driving his horse over a foot path. Taylor Bros, secured a verdict against Henry Hoad for £2 3s., goods, costs 5s. ; and Fred Usher against John Holmes for £1 2s. 7d,, goods, with 10s, costs,* The mayor and Messrs. Pearson, Krone, Blashki, Barnet, Wimpolc and Marriott, J's.P., were the adjudicating magistrates. The question of accepting a tender for the supply of coal for use at the town hall was discussed at some length at Monday's meeting of the Prahran council, upon the recommendation of the works committee that the tender of Messrs. Dunham Bros, for the supply of Victorian coal at 15s, per ton should be acceptcd, A question was raised as to the lowest tender received, when the town clerk reported that the lowest was 14s, 3d. a too for Newcastle coal, but it had been con sidered advisable to accept tbe tender for the local article at the higher figure. Cr. Furneaux suggested that Korrumburra coal at 8s. 3d. per ton was quite good enough for the purpose. The matter was ultimately referred back to committee. Amongst the ektebpbising fibus who have selected Prahran as the most encouraging place to ensure success io business, we are pleased to welcome Messrs W. Woolhouse and Co., the widely-known ! Sheffield cutlers nnd umbrella manufac turers, of Bourke- strect, Mell-ourne, who have taken premises two doors from the offices of the Prahran Telegraph and are | fitting them up in first-cla&s; 6tyle. A j business of this kind and especially in tbe hands of such an enterprising firm should meet with much success. At a previous meeting of the Prah ran council Cr. Naylor made several complaints in respect to the shortcomings 1 of tbe Board of Works, when Cr. Fuller, as the local representative on the board, promised to make enquiries into the allegations. At tbe meeting of the council on Monday Cr. Fuller took occasion to reply at some length to Cr. Naylor's complaints, the principal one being the number of overseers in proportion to tbe men employed. It was pointed out that in Eome places where the work was intricate and likely to be clumsily done more overseers were wanted, and for that reason the Swanston 6treet sewerage works were 6upetvised by one overseer to -every seven men employed. Cr. Naylor thanked Cr. Fuller for the information, but still considered there was extravagance. Cr. Forbes with a degree of warmth deprecated the idea of the councillors referring to matters they were not competent to discuss aud expressed the opinion ihat it was a personal reflection on the members of the board. If they were not BBtiafied with their representatives, when the time came they should appoint men whom they could trust, No fault could be found with the present representatives, And Cr. Naylor's allegation was merely one of those ' mate's nests' which that councillor was con stantly discovering. Cr. Naylor indignant* ly denied that he was in the bablt of bringing forward ' mare's nests ' and declared that as long a6 he was in the council be would do bis duty to tbe rate payers. Several of tbe councillors spoke against Cr. Forbes' accusation and the matter dropped. MtasBS. Fallon and Ridgway, the well-known and enterprising Prahran drapers, have secured the |stock in the assigned estate of Mr. J. H. Gray, draper of Cbapel-street, and will commence a clearing sale to-day on their own premises at 125 Chapel-street. The stock having been purchased at a great discount pur chasers may rely upon some gennine bargains. The ghost of tbe Williams-road bridge still contioues to haunt the Prahran coaocil chamber. The Richmond council, I which seems determined to bare some thing for Its money, even if it be but a fruitless controversy, recently applied to P/abran for a refund of the sum of £75, being oue-balf of the premiums paid for prize designs for tbe proposed structure, but at tbe meeting of tbe local council on Monday it was decided to decline the application and to inform Richmond that the council had settled with Messrs. Wight and Lucas for drawings and plans, not withstanding that it boids the written undertaking of the Richmond council. to pay one-half of the preliminary expenses whether tenders were accepted or not The attendance at the Prahran Public Library during the month of January was 6,747 as against 6,574 in tbe corresponding month of last year, being an increase of 173: ? As last year, during tbe mooth under review, the cbess and draughts room was invariably crowded/whilst cow tbe atten dance is relatively small, these figures indicate the steady growth of visitore to the library itself. The librarian acknow ledges receipt of the followingdooatioos Mr. P. Cudmore, BA,, United Stales, Buchanan's Conspiracy ; Mr. Sizar Elliott, J.P., six vols., Proceedings ot Royal Society Victoria ; Cr, J. H. Fnrneaux, half* yearly set of tbe AtulraUuiaK Builder ; Mr. Flelden, monthly copies of the Vacct. nation Enguirer. During the month 15 vols, have been added, making tbe total Block 9,206 vols. Rbgabtt's baths at St Kilda were well patronised on Saturday last on the occasion of the newly-formed Melbourne 8witntning Club'a first ' ladies' day/' The weather was all that could be desired, and the contests were most interesting, the swimmiog being particularly good, and tbe various novel ways of entering the water were gracefully exeouted, Tbe humorous portion of tbe programme consisted of cigar aud band-box raoes, climbing the greasy pole, and a polo match between the St. . Kilda and Middle Park olnbs, the for mer winning easily. A clever item was a performance given by Mr. A Rusball, who on being thrown into the water attired in -walking costume and sewn op in a bag emerged in 'a few seconds in swimming costume ; while another feature of interest was the appearance of a member, of tbe ?club in the costume used. by Captain. Boyn- ton in crossing tbe English ChauneL., The whole of the arrangements pawed nff with out a hitch, great credit being due to the untiring efforts of the committee and their - energetic secretary, Mr. E . Casper, Tne pbogbamke in connection with Mr. Teddy Forde's farewell concert, which is to be held at the Prahran Town-hall on the 1 9th inst., has been issued, ^and as will be seen a rare host of talent will take part, tbe artists including Mr, William Elton, the famous comedian, Messrs, F. M. Clark, Bovia Bros., Will Whitburn, and a bevy of the most popular lady entertainers in Melbourne. The tickets are going off rapidly, and a bumper house is already assured. The secretarial arrangements are being Ably seen -to by Messrs, H. J. Gutierrez and W, Ashford. The question as to whether the city of Prahran should subsidise by one-half the cost of -maintenance of the small enclosure at tbe corner of Chapel-stVfeet and Dandenong.road camc before tbe council on Monday and resulted in a warm ten minutes being spent Cr. Naylor drew attention to an item in the finance committee's report recommending payment of the sum of £13 12s., being half tbe cost of maintenance of the reserve for the year 1894, the other half being contributed by the St. Kilda council. The town clerk explained that £5 of the amount was for water rates and that the payment had been made for many years past. This question brought Cr. Forbes to his feet with tbe exclamation that Cr. Naylor had no right to question tbe action of the finance committee and again contended that it was only with a view of courting cheap popularity that he brought forward those ?« mare's nests.' If he wished to know, why could he not find out before the council met f Cr. Skinner here remarked that the genial chairman of tbe finance committee, Cr. Osment, would always be glad to afford information. Cr. Maddock considered it was no 41 mare's nest' The money was being spent in St. Kilda and not in Prahran, and he thought that as the St. Kilda council refused to join them in erecting a water trough in Dandenong road sod as the area in question was now well cultivated, they should inform St Kilda that they would not contribute to its maintenance any longer. Cr. Turner explained that tbe place in question was once a piece of waste land and tbe Prahran council bad agreed with St Kilda to beautify it. Cr. Osment expressed his willingness to give any councillor informa tion with regard to the finances at any time and considered that owing to St. Kilda's 41 small '- way of treating them in re tbe drinking trough they should dis continue the subsidy. Cr. Naylor after expressing himself as hurt by Cr. Forbes' remarks sat down with a satisfied look on bis face and the matter dropped. A determined suicide took place at a wood yard in Albert-street Windsor, on Thursday, the victim being a man named Thomas Shirley, who 'formerly carried on business in Commercial-road io partnership with a Mr. Hamilton. Shirley resided at Elsternwick, and it appears that on Mon« i day last he purchased tbe wood yard at Windsor, but immediately regretted tbe investment, and on the succecding day he offered to restore the butiness for £5 less than he gave for it, which'was refused, much to bis annoyance. On Wednesday night he left bome, saying he was going back to tbe wood yard to watch forttieves, aod proceeding tbitber on Thursday morn ing Mrs. Shirley found him lying insenofble in a pool of blood in a thrcc.roomed house overlooking tbe yard. He was at once removed to the Alfred Hospital by the police, to whom he admitted having com mitted the deed, giving as his reason that he was in embarrassed circumstances, though this has been proved to be incor rect, ab he had cash upon him, besides being the owoer of several properties *t Elsternwick. The ea/cide was of a deter mined character, the body being frightfully hacked with a table knife and afterwatds with an axe, while Dr. Morton is of opinion that the nnfortunatc man had taken poison as well. There is no doubt but that Shirley was insane, as many of his acts during the past year or so would confirm. , An inquest will be held to-day. The attbaotions of Chapel-street have been supplemented by one of thoae Ingenious steam riding galleries similar to that whteh is doing such a good business at the St Kilda Esplanade, the novelty proving a source of great attraction duringthe week, being vacated on a vacant piece of land adjoining Linay's timber yards. The gallery is condutced in a very satisfactory manner and notwithstanding the crowds that have been attracted the best of older has prevailed. The gallery will remain in Prahran for some weeks. At the St. Kuda ooubt yesterday a 'taking' youth named John Bernard Hogan pleaded guilty to snatching two postal £1 notes from Marion Atkinson, the postmistress at Elsternwick;- and was sentenced to 12 months* bard labor cumulative on sentences he is at prASnt undergoing. Michael Tigbe was fiued*lbs. for leaving a dangerous formation un-''' fenced; Samuel Foster 10s. for . negligent driving ; Aad Agnes Onions -obtained . an order against Jane Evans for £8 2s. 6d money lent, with 2i. 6d. costs. .The adjudi cating magistrates consisted of -the payor aud Messrs. Pearson, Krone and O'Donneil, J's.P. 