I Til TRUE SHOSC STORY. BY H. LANDER. It was not so many years, ago tliat I shipped as second mate aboard the clipper Tamar from Glasgow to ’Frisco with a general cargo.They signed me on at the last, moment, the other man : having been taken by the police for ( quad-gamy, as the skipper was pleased to term it. My predecessor appeared to be an admirer of matrimony, but like most enthusiasts his zeal carried him to excesses. A proud and happy man I was when I stepped aboard the Tamar at Dunoon, for she was a pic ture of a ship. She was my lucky ship, too; for three years after, when she went into the port of London, I was her master, and from her I got into the company’s service. I was a gaunt, wocdy-looking chap, having had a rough time ashore, and, in spite of my fifteen years at sea and master's cer-1 tificate,*old Wilkins, the skipper grow led when he saw me, “If ever a man was wanted it is aboard this ark, and they’ve sent me a Scotch herring “I hope there is some beef in the liar ttmt’ll «ooil put my weight up, sir,” I replied; at which he grunted and waddled into his cabin. My skipper’s manners were not. at tractive, but his appearance was even less so. He was heavy, flabby, drink sodden man, and evidently had not recovered from his drains asliore. At a glance it was easy to see the Tamar was a bad ship. The crew were a de cent-looking lot of lads, with a fair sprinkling of tough old shellbacks among them; but there was no go in tiie crowd. They slunk about with glum faces, they obeyed an order smartly, but always with a glance over their shoulders. I went furrud and found them too obsequious. The mer chant seamen are always independent and manly, and, in spite of their ab ject appearance, can laugh. These men had been ill-treated, certainly not by Wilkins, for a fat drunkard is rarely a bully. This was soon explained when Ranald, the first mate, came on board. Although he hailed from Halifax, N.S., he was a Yankee, and had tyrant) stamped on every inch of him. He was a powerful long armed man, with a loud voice, cold grey eyes that seemed to shoot fire from his bronzed face. His was the face of a handsome red skin, hairless, straight features—ex pressionless, yet over alert. Strange as it may seem, ho was a gentleman of refined manners, considerable culture, and far more luxurious habits than a sea-faring man can usually indulge. Bully is hardly the term for such a man, but, so masterful was his nature, that he tyrannised.over crew, captain and officers alike. He welcomed me with courtesy, and soon appreciated my seamanship; but when it came to uuHying We uisAgrccd. I believe in allowing men. as much liberty as may be consistent with dis cipline, and liko to hear a fiddle going and the lads singing furrud on a quiet night. A song as they go round the capstan, a chanty as they haul on the rope, and a good hearty laugh as often) as possible doesn’t cost the owners any thing. It’s better than haring men loafing about, growling under their breath like mutineers, as they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in him was an Irish appren tice named Reilly. The chief hated him, and treated him with considerable brutality. We had words when I en Sflnate3'*by'hi3'fefusing to discuss the discipline of his crew with a Scotch sea lawyer. When I pointed out to him that he was not skipper, the look he gave me was unpleasant. As the skipper was generally getting drunk, or sleeping off his drink, I had charge of a watch, so rarely came In contact with Ranald when off duty. Now I’m fond of literature, and upon the rare occasions we met we had some very pleasant chats together, un til one evening a little discussion ended hotly by his refusing to accept a quo tation on the authority of an “illiterate Scotchman.” Well, I told him that we Scotchmen were the best educated people in the world; while as for Yan kees, I told him what I thought of them. And north of the Tweed, gentle men, we never forget either injury or insult.. At last, one evening down in the South Atlantic, our smoldering feud blazed forth. It was my watch, and Ranald was seated in his chair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dres sed In a silk sleeping suit with a hand kerchief round his throat, and as he lounged there with half-closed eyes the sound of a jolly laugh came from a group of men by the galley. “Stop skylarking!” he shouted. It was a little thing, but there was thunder in the air. “Mr Ranald,” I said, very distinctly “when I am in charge of the deck I’ll trouble you to remember that I give orders until relieved or reduced by the captain.” Then strolling to the poop rail I shouted: “Amuse yourselves, my lads, within reason, like freeborn Eng lishmen, and remember you’re sailing under the British flag, not the Yankee gridiron, which means more stripes than stars for seamen.” They say Scotsmen joke with difficul ty; well, that witticism cost me dear. The men laughed uneasily, but Ranald sprang from his chair in an instant, rushed into the waist and knocked the hulking lubbers about like ninepins. Then with a grim smile he sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage and, as he passed to his chair, he hustled me. It was enough; one well directed blow sent him down on the deck. There was a hoarse roar of ap proval from the men in the waist "Silence -uiucKgutiidsi I cncU, When Ranald flew at mo like a panther "and clutched my throat. I hammered at him furiously, but he shook me as a terrier does a rat, and dragged me to the side. I was like a child in his iron grip, my senses were fast leaving me, as I twisted my hands convulsively in his neckcloth. The clouds seemed to be falling, the sky was red and filled with shooting stars. As In a dream I saw the horror-strick en faces of the men at the wheel and Reilly, with a hand-spike above his head, creeping up behind us. Half lift ing me over the taffrail, he removed his right hand from my throat and slipped it into the breast-pocket of his shirt. I saw the knuckle-duster gleaming on his hand as he withdrew it and stepped back to get room for his blow. At that moment, through the hot, close air, an icy breath of wind struck my back and shoulders. I shivered, but Ranald stood frozen. The savage look of un controlled passion on his face had given place to one of terror. Waving his hands before him with a beseech ing gesture he staggered backwards,! carrying me, hanging helplessly on to his neckcloth. Reilly dropped the hand-spike and scrambled under the after- gratings. Staggering across the deck, I seized it and faced my enemy. He stood erect and motionless with his arm drawn back as if to strike a blow. The terror was fading from his face. ‘Stand back,’ he cried, gradually rais ing his voice, ‘stand back, Walter, or . . .’ and he struck out furiously into 6pace. Then he laughed deliriously, and turning towards me said, with a vacant look In his eyes, “Did .you.notice the. young hoodlum? I guess he thought to scare oe. Now I reckon he just crawled up the side and stood on the, taffrail pointing at mu Ha! ha! In j the same rig, too, just the same. A jersey and slacks, only they were white. He was all white, and he stood on the taffrail pointing at me.” ‘‘His voice died away in a whisper as he turned on his heel and sank into his chair. Then every man glanced ner vously at his fellow and shuddered. Presently he struck a match, lit a cigar and glanced at us uneasily. ‘Say, Frazer,’ he said with a pleasant laugh, ‘you’ll oblige me by being more care ful. When I lose my temper I lose my head and accidents happen.’ “Very possibly,” I replied. “Would you mind taking charge of her for a few minutes?” “With pleasure.” Hastening below, I took my revolver and half-a-dozen cartridges from my locker. Standing at his side by the poop rail I loaded the chambers care fully, then, slipping it into my pocket, looked steadily at him. He returned my look with a smile. The incident was never referred to, but, from that evening, like the major ity of men aboard, the first mate fre quently glanced over his shoulder. ■'Whenever the skipper came on deck he was half sober, and found fault witli cvoryhn/ly ami ovcrytbilli^. It was near the end of the second dog watch one gloomy evening that he came on to the poop and commenced. Ranald was in charge, and had been shortening sail, so we drew near to hear the fun. “Lot of lubbers!—good enough for a Yankee. Call that bundle of dirty rag 1 a reef ?—this ain’t a laundry.” So lie grumbled on until Ranald cried furi ously: “Show me what’s wrong, you drun ken swab, and I'll show you that an American can right it.” “Drunken swab, eh?” growled Wil kins, as he steadied himself by the rail, and cast his eye aloft. “Waal, Mr Yan kee, the weather earring of the mizzen topsail is slack, and I don’t call that toggling. You can bully my crew, but you can’t do things yourself.” “Then see if you can sail your own ship!” roared Ranald, and in another moment he was racing up the ratlines. 1 sauntered aft with young Ericson, to grumble at our drunken skipper and maniac chief. Presently Wilkins growled, “Umpli!” he took a hand to do the work. “Aloft there, it doesn’t want two to tighten a lashing,” ho shouted. ■He was in a condition to see twenty men, instead of one, so I glanced care lessly aloft. Ericson clutched my arm, and we stood thrilled by the terror of the unknown. Ranald had descended to the mizzen-top and from behind the masthead the ghost was gliding. It was white front head to foot, and was dressed in a jersey and slacks. It stood perfectly motionless, pointing at him with its right arm. Startled by ( tho skipper’s voice, the unfortunate man paused. Then, seeing the spectre, staggered back with an awful cry. There was a dull thud on the deck, and the mizzen-top was empty. “The deuced fool,” said the skipper with drunken imbecility. ' Then he added, with an insane giggle, “Any how, I owe him sixty pounds.” I rushed to the place where the man had fallen. Ericson, a Norseman, re spected the wraith. There was the buzz of eager voices furrud, and what was suspiciously like a suppressed cheer. The poor fellow groaned as I turned him over. It was indeed a ter rible fate for such a splendid man. His back was broken and his lower limb3 paralysed. It was five minutes before gg* ^iJmtigh?"bi-ilridy7and a circle of unsympathetic faces ga thered roundj He groaned weakly and opened his eyes as I poured it down his throat. “Don’t move me,” he whispered. “I’-ll die here all alone. Send those men for ward. I hustled the crowd away. “Frazer, Frazer,” he cried faintly, “you stand by me. It won’t be for long. He tracked me down at last. It is always so. I treated him as I was going to treat you that night, and' he climbed up the side and on the taffrail pointing at me. It was years ago, and, God knows, I’ve paid for It. Social po sition, country, family—I lost them all. Come nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother—he mentioned a name too well known to be repeated—you can have my kit and cash. Make Wilkins pay that sixty. Now leave me, for I am dying. I’m not afraid of him, or any man, dead or alive; I never was.” Alone oil the gloomy deck, with the great vault of heaven overhead, where the rising wind blew the clouds across the moon, and, striking the sails, fanned him with its cold breath, the murderer died in silence and without a fear. ; s The chief officer lit a fresli cheroot, and nobody spoke until Fibler was de tected glancing over his shoulder. “ Now, Frazer, own up. Do you, a Scotsman, who are the best educated people in the world, believe in that ghost ? ” “ Implicitly, and I’ll tell you why. When he went for me that night I say it was the association of ideas brought his crime suddenly back to his mind, which, being disturbed by pas sion, distorted his thought into a wraith.” “Most lucid, but as to the second appearance ? ” “Well, I had special opportunities for judging,” said Frazer with a twin kle in his eyes. “ Being the first man furrud I saw the ghost slide down the mizen stay and scuttle into the fo’ cstle. He also remarked ’ Begorra, bhoys, it’s dead he is,’ which is toler ably good Irish, while Ranald’s victim ■was nr. as a matter of ract, while I was shouting fo.- i,oir> tney were Drusnmg flour off young Shamus Reilly, and pouring brandy down the imp’s throat.” “ And, sir, what did you do to bring that lad to justice ?” demanded the Chief Justice. “Well, sir, if a man takes the law into his own hands, he can’t com plain if he falls by lawless means. Anyhow Ranald would not. He had treated that lad brutally, for the Board of Trade and Shipping Acts don’t go very far to sea ; so as justice occasion ally slumbers I shut my eyes. The only man who was much affected was Wilkins. The poor besotted creature got an idea into his head that he had caused the disaster, and he gave us an anxious three weeks before he had finished his last drinking bout After that we were not unduly troubled either by ghosts or spirits aboard the Tamar.” , The anti-tobacco movement seems to be making progress in the United States. Fifty thousand public school boys are now numbered in the 'Anti Cigarette League of New York, which has been organised in all the ninety five grammar schools of the city. Sev eral of the more prominent educational institutions seem also to be taking up a determined , attitude on the matter. The President of the Ohio Wesleyan University has Just issued the follow ing:—“We have decided to ask all pur students to discontinue the use of to baeco, beginning next Fall, and if any tobacoo users come we will have to dis solve partnership necessarily." 