[?] ALL SAINTS'. CONFIRMATION SERVICE. There a large congregation at All Saints' Cathedral yesterday morning, when the Lord Bisliop of Bathurst, the Rt. Rev. Dr. Camidge, administered the rite of confirmation to twelve candidates. The servico was most solemn and impres sive. The Preface at the beginning of con firmation was read by the Bishop's chap lain, Rev. F. Tracoy, M.A. The Bishop then delivered his opening address. He said tho fact that only a brief space of time had elapsed since the last occasion on which the rite of confiimation had been administered in that Cathedrel was evidence that the dioccse was gradually learning to appreciate more and more this important rite of the Church, and that the young people were realizing to _ a larger extent the' great spiritual bene fits which confirmation conferred upon them. He explained the sacred ' laying ton ef hands ' which implied that there was given to young persons as well as to older persons who had not received the rite, the most excellent gifts of God, the Holy Spirit. The rite of Baptism, as shown ia the prayer book, conferred a great benefit on all ; but es sential as was, baptism to our wellbeing and relations with the church of Christ, it was incomplete without confirmation ; and it was not until the laying on of hands had been administered that those who had been baptised received the per sonal indwelling of God the Holy Ghost. The Church of Christ from its beginning and establishment to the present day had always administered confirmation, and considered it as essential and impor tant, because it gave us a test of our church membership. The Bishop im pressed upon those who wero about to be confirmed the solemn questions they would be asked to answer. Did they indeed fully to believe in the articles of the Church, and wero they fully prepared to renounce the devil and all his works, and to deter mine, by the grace of God preventing them, to hereafter strive to walk in the narrow way that leads to everlasting life, and to faithfully and steadfastly keep the commandments of the Lord Jesus Christ ? To-day those who were' about to receive the laying oa of hands, must remember that dutiful and solemn as the rite' was, they themselves would be largely responsible whether they would gain benefit from it, or whether it came to them as so mnch unmeaning form. But he felt confident that the- candidates before him had been duly and properly taught of the solemn obligations they were about to take, and that they realised the necessity of carry ing them out to their life's end. He trutsed that by the grace of God those two simple words 'I do' would be uttered by them from their heart of hearts ; and at the same time he urged thom to make earnest supplication to Almighty God that those words to them would be not unmeaning, but words which would be carefully observed by them throughout their lives by the will and purpose of Almighty God. Con cluding his address the Bishop said : ? I hope that when you stand as you will do, yen will say those two words clearly and distinctly, and endeavor by prayerful desire to gain the mighty influence of God the Holy Ghost which is so essen tial for the right conduct of your lives. I will ask you now to stand and answer this question.' The Bishop then put the solemn ques tion, and said the appointed prayers be fore the actual act of confirmation. He then asked for the earnest and siient prayers of the assembled congregation on behalf of the candidates about to be confirmed. The ' Veni Creator' was then snng, the congregation kneeling. The candidates were then presented to the Bishop by the Dean and the solemn rite of confirmation was administered. Hymn 271 : ' Oh Jesus I have promised to serve thee to the end,' was then heartily sung by choir and congregation, after which the Bishop addressed the candidates, and at the outset referred to the hymns which had been sung during the service, as bringing out vividly the great teachings of confirmation. He alluded particularly to the singing of the 1 Yeni Creator,' which commenced 'Come Holy Ghost our souls inspire,' — abeanti- ful hymn which had been sung in the Churches of Europe for tho past 900 years. He impressed upon those who had just received the solemn right of confirmation that they would be com pelled to encountor that great Trinity, the world, the Flesh, and the Devil ; that the road to Zion was not an easy one to travel, and that the battle of - life was not easy to fight. He pointed out that sin, temptation, and disappointment could only be met by constant communication with the Father in Heaven, tho best friend that man or woman ever had. They could rest assured that no single earnest prayer to God would ever remain unanswered. He reminded them that they ' possessed another great friend in God's holy book, tho Bible, a book which hod withstood all tho assaults that bad ever been made upon it, and would unto tho end of time. He also remiuded them that tlioy had become adult members of the church of Christ, and were in consequence admitted to its highest privileges, tho greatest of which was tho right of participation at tho Lord's Holy Table. He trusted they would constantly avail themselves of these great privileges, and by constant prayer and the grace of God, fit them selves to receive that crown of everlast ing life which He has reserved for every one who remains faithful and true unto the end. After the benediction the recessional hymn, ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' was sung. 