To THE EDITOR. iSlBv-To tte writing of letters there is no end lill jpn putyoar foot down. Mr. Musa KbaVjias, I observe, broken ont in a frosh pföajm your issue of April 29th. He eives a jong quotation from a speech of the Bev. Canon Taylor, which, after all, is quite irrelevant. Admitting that Islam dors muoh gpod in the dark places of the earth, is that atjy Reason why it should beintrodaoed bore P Id in j' opinion Islam is a higher and 'better faith than Feti6hi#m, but lower than Christi anjtffc lt has, therefore, a tendency to raise tro fetish worshipper, and to degrade the Christian. Tho Salvation Army reolaims the drunkard and the prostitute, and. so far does amok so«d, bat its présenos would not be the *m?'e 'tolerated in the Arohiepiscopal Bftlíoe at Lambeth, the Cathedral of St. B^te^ ~ \n Homo, or the Mosque. of Santa 8Spjbi> in Constantinople. 'Th« .introduction of; mohammedanirm into Christian oountii~s W^uld »ot redimo the polyandry and prosti tún<mr'víí.ióli now exists, as the poor would be np ,oétíér all . to keep half-a-dozen wives t^p thin they are to keep one now. Bplyandry and prostitution Are th* direct outcome et unfair social eruditions, and until Itbeee are altered the hwlot abd the agjrftej^as mW and woman we shall have «è|sr^th.tis. Ole would think that there was nV prostitution in Moa'em countries. No bipywjo has ever seen Turkey, Palestine, cr^Sgypt w ll endorse this statement for a moment. 'Ihi neat' person on the list is sofoVo.10 unknown, signing himself «'Silex " HoJUtomplái e that those wbo are at the bead, pf the mo»«nent have been less than fire years in the celony, with the Sole exoep tionjet the « genial " Mr. B. C. Wood, M LA. The*equally genial Mr. W. James, M.L.A., and ,Mr. Connor, M.L.A., are eónven:ently forgotten. Besides that, it must be ra membered that those who have 8îon thp' ! evil effects -of, Asiatic immigration inutile Eaatera cabnies are best qaali fie? to jadge of what is likely'to happen here. ' And I have never heard that five years etfgiiation in a --small community such a-> Western Australia possessed bpfor* the gold rashes ÍB intellectually beneficial io any man. I have hem in the colony now for'two years, but it' would not affrct the cogency of my .trinmente bad I only been here only two con. sedative seconds. As regards the " long-haired" wrjterçf thia letter, he is-an Englishman by birïh and an AoBtral'au 'by long Adoption, anÔÏ^*$ilex *' looks up the parish register of St. Dominio, in th<* County and Dnoby of Comwft\J, (he will find the name of your humbie servant therein insoribed. Bat sup-' poife I were au Eskimo or a Dutobman, what différence .would it mike to the Asiatio ques- tion P . Would it make the Asiatio less ob. jeotionabie or' turn my hard facts into Hes P I admit with pain and sorrow, as I bad to do at Fremantle, that the prevailing custom with Englishmen is to go baldbeaded, but I am not going to shave my cranium to please " Silex " or^y countrymen. If this g ntleman thinks ho is>:golng to play Delilah to my Samson he'iB greatly mistaken. I trust that when I auvÄttaoked by Afghan- Philistines that I will bsjjfonnd with my hair on and my strength unimpaired. Next, my. friend wantB to know something ab tit my anteoed«nte,and whether X efIr unsettled a community before. Now, asäcgards the first, it is a peculiar thing that pemrie who are BO anxious to bunt np tbe¿ antecedente of others nearly always abater toemsélvÊS behind the coward's castle of anonymity. Who is to investi- gate the antecedente of "Bi'exP" Ooo thi|g: is.- certain, that I never was so asramed of my character as to seek to conceaV my identity. I have always borne thesame nameand travelled under the same' flag, And my history oan b» traced, tbrangh ootttmns Cf undeserved newspaper abate from my opponents, and an equally un- deserved volume if praise from my friends anAadbarents. Agiin, when is the re-evanoy ofmtthisP Jf my character were as black' as shat of Betlsebab, if my statements were oaO^ble pf prpof, it could, not invalidate . them; \ A« for disturbingeommurities, I have tti^l^eAM least^n^ ^and^wM^ tfaey have been able to record for tbe last ten years, and on the otter, I was the means I of abolishing the infamous liquidation pro. [ oedure in that colony which had been the moana of miking doz <I.B of »mall capi aliste. I have done eomu servio i to both oaritil »ni labour in my time, and that to». tvitbo H. ti niling to or boing unfaithful to ei Jnr. These a-e things I Bbonld never meatio», did no*-, the inunendos of "Silex" foro» tho ott'runce fram mein fe'f-defance. After rehashing a number of a-gamcn*s which h we been al reidy exploded in my previous writings and spo<-ch a, your correspondent finishes by ann< unclog" his inten'i JU to give hie finano-al oil to the <r orion of a Mosqu9 in Per h. Ia this th-) áot'on of an European Christian P Or does " Silex " intend to pay back a percentage of bte literary fees to the donors thersof P Mr. B. Manrioo Gortou'd at game st is only a rehash whiob bas been already answered about 15 times. Mr. Han'er commences by acoaeing as of lanaoy, and then dosoribes bow be saw the ghosts of Carlyle and Darwin rise ont of tba cushions of a oar on the Great Southern Bail way. The ghost cf a ham eand wioh or a bad o gar wju'd have been more in harmony with the surroundings. Af ti r this vision, Mr. Hunter saya th*t he "moped luxuriantly " at Katanning. Yet tai* geutl . man has the effrontery to talk aboot lnnacy 2 Mr. Hunter quotes evolutionary dootrines, refering principally to the theory of degene raov by isolât on and its correlative of the survival bf the fittest. That ia to say that unless every Hud of noxiouB weed ie per- mitted to flourish aron d the roots of an apple tree, the latter will degenerate and bear bad f n't. And as regards t he latter that the proper way to sr care survival of the fittest is to plant nettles among rosas and let them fight it out between them. I have been sn attentive student of both Carlyle and Darwin, bnt never found them preach such rubbish as that. ' As with the spook of William Shakespeare as presented at a spiritualistic seance, we ara forced ti the conclusion that death ba* a most disastrous effeot on the intellect if either of tbs sagss named ever Bpoke as much twaddle os Mr. Hunter pnti into their mouths. To conolnde this lengthy di6cuesien, I hereby offer a challenge to the entire Asiatio popula, tion of Perth, together with their European supporters, to debate tbiB whole question with me in a pnbtfo meeting, terms to be arrarg-d by a joint committee.^ Let tham aooppt this off-r, or for ever holaHheir peace. Yours, etc.. F. C. ß. VOSPER. Café" Da Pari», April 29. 