THE BANKS AND THE PASTORALISTS. A QUEENSLAND pastoralism complains of thi attitude of the Banks to his particular indus try. He says: Rending between the line: I one would think the squatter an unreasoninf creature to flood a depressed market, or tba there is a power behind the throne of th< i rules of supply and demand. The reason st many cattle are rushed into the market ai any sacrifice is to respond to the firm demandi of the banks, and corporations of a like kine for their interest. ' It was useless to appen to the banks, to their sense of duty or mercy ' or to remind them that in their .time ol trouble, (when many of them put up theil i shutters with scarcely a thought of theil clients) the country at large came to theil assistance, and literally set them on theil feet again. It were useless to appeal tc them by way of sentiment, but there may be some hope of trusting them by com m or sense, and pointing out'that they are killing slowly but surely the goose that lays tht I golden egg. By this it is not insinuated that I they should pause to consider the thousandE of individuals upon whose throats they are drawing a tightening clutch month by month. Ruin and. bankruptcy, broken np homes, bailiffs in residence, and an alteration of social' features is a matter not to be con- sidered, but one can appeal to their pockets and get a hearing right readily. The banks then are raining the stations as money making machines, by want of common fore- sight. lb is but a very few years ago that the banks would with ease allow advances I from 40s BO 60S per head, not including young stock; now the advance scarcely obtainable is from 25s to 80s, and while-which is the most importaut feature-in the former| fully a year was allowed to meet liabilities, the banks of the present day grind from month to month, fair or foul conditions, for payment of current accounts, and a reduction, and during a depressed market. Probably, there is no country in the world whose banks have so little foresight as in Australia. There is but one opinion upon the menacing attitude of the banks, and that is that the stations themselves cannot under such pressure be farmed in a skilful or wise manner. The runs aro being depleted right and left of their young stock-their life's blood. On all sides are seen immature cattle with nob a ghost of topping up, apparently the last saleable stock on some run driven to market, only to be followed by another rush from the same station, and, of course, even worse than the former. Young store bullocks are taken in large droves to the other colonies, sold at prices which hardly pay expenses, and leave the properties without saleable assets for a year or more. ? When formerly cattle of 5 or 0 years old were alone sent to market, and the owner had the pleasure of seeing his young steers Of 3 and 4 years coming on for the following year. Now the 3 and 4 year old cattle are scarce, and remarkably so, and the fattening paddocks turned over to the weaners. It is not too much to say that this ungenerous squeezing of many, and consequent destruction in the necessary pro- portion in tho ages of the herds, .has its effects on theefflciency of theruns themselves. To sum up then, we have the pastoralist industry,'our greatest resource, not at the mercy (for that is not to the point) in the hands of the monetary corporations, who have not the forethought, or are unwilling, to seo that by straining their power they will deliver, or'are delivering, a blow which will delay for a considerable time their chances of repayment or reduction. They are executing the short-sighted policy of taking the life's blood out of the pastoral industry to gain what can only be a temporary benefit, and I their conduct will assuredly lead to wide disaster. There is an obvious remedy for this state of bhings. Leb bhe banks who craved and obtained time now give the ' farmers some concession. A respite for six or even three months would give the squatters, and those interested in stock, time to take breath. It would most certainly cause a great revival, not only in the industry itself, and set many pastoralists on their feet again, but would also have a brightening effect upon trade generally, for to a very marvellous degree is the depression on all sides due to the stagnant condition of the pastoral industry. It would nob be too' much, even in the case of a bank, to ask it to do as it has been done by. 