DOUNTRY NEWS (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) ALBERTON, APrIL 22. I must not forgot to mention a track over the range, which well repays lovers c.f beautiful scenery to travel, namely, that to Cotton's Plains and thence to George's Bay. On arriving as the Plains '(in extent about Cix Fquare miles) on a clear day there is visible one of the prettless patches of scenery in Tasmania-George's Bay shining lhke a silver streak to the east, Bass strait, with a splendid view of Ringarooma Bay, Waterhouse Island to the north, .and Mount Victoria to the south. The fauna and flora consist of kangaroo and badger in abundance, a large variety (f native grasses, plenty of waratah on,the Plains proper, and celery top pine, and a very pretty apt cies of snow' berry on the surrounding ridger. For the information of any one wishing to visit' this beauty spot I may say it is reached by two hours' steady walking from Alberton, over a fair track. Mr R. Jones, of Now River, had the misfortune to be burnt out a few nights. back; house and furniture, also a barn containing oats, etc., being completely demolished. At the subsequeLt enquiry an open verdict was returned. A social in aid' of .the sufferers was held at Ringarooma, and was largely attended. Our boys, anxious to wipe out the defeat they sustained at cricket a short' time back, journeyed to Ringarooma deter mined to do or die on Good Friday in the return match, but were disappointed, as through some misunderstanding the match did not come tff; but they had their revenge on Friday last, when they opened the foc.tballseason by scoring "first blood"' for A berton. BURNIE, A 1RIL 23. As the financial result of the recent autumn show was that there was a debit balance of a little over.£3, after considera tion the committee of the Horticultural Society have decided to hold a chrysanthe. mum show on May 8. At a meeting held on Monday evening a schedule containing some 40 sections was prepared, consisting. of cut flowers, bouquets, decorated tables, floral devices, cakes, bread, etc., and it was decided that a promenade concert be included in the list if attractions. The secretary reported that the business people' of Burnie so far had responded most liberally to H'is appeal to them for donations in prizes or cash. There is every reason to hope that this show will be a success, as the date fix.d on will be most suitable for a good collection of chrysantheme:ms to be exhibited, the autumn show having been too early for this popular flower. Several residents from here intend avail- ing themselves of the opportunity of' having a very cheap trip to Hobart on Wednesday, special conveyances leaving here at five o'clock in order to catch the' excursion train from Ulverstone. LEFROY, APRIL 23. The funeral of the late Mr James Batten left his residence on Saturday afternoon at three o'clock, the sight being a most impos ing one, and one that will not be forgotten for a long time to come. The procession, which numbered about 1000, was remark ably well arranged by Messrs W. H. Stubs, J. Miles, and N. Foote. The band preceded, playing the "Dead march" in most solemn tones. The Sunday school in which deceased was superintendent for so many years joined in, numbering about 200 children. Twenty two battery boys fol lowed, carrying a most beautiful wreath. out of respect to deceased's eldest son, an employee of the Pinafore battery. The local preacher of the Wesleyan Church was also in attendance out of respect to their departed brother. Upon reaching the grave the Rev. C. P. Lloyd de livered a very impressive address, re ferring to the life and death of deceased, who, during his time in Lefroy - 23 years \- had always endeavoured to live an honest and straightforward life, and had won the respect of all who knew him. Being a man of such apparent health the news of his death came as a shock. His few days' suffering from severe inflamma tion soon told upon him, and his loss is deeply regretted. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved family, and no doubt the patronage received by the deceased from the general business people will still be extended to the family, who intend keeping up the business of the sawmill. NORTH MOTTON, APRIL 23. (FROM OUR TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT.) A harvest thanksgiving service was held in St. John's Anglican Church here on last Sunday. The church was beautifully decorated with flowers, fruit and vege tables, and grain, illustrative of what can be produced from the soil, and reflecting great credit on the taste and energy of the ladies of the district. The service, which was most impressive, was conducted by Canon Beresford, who preached a very practical sermon from ,the Psalms, "It becometh well the just to be thankful." The evening service was conducted by Mr Daniele, from ITilverstone. The tuber crops are turning out very well in this district, and if prices were better things would soon look up. The oat crops as a whole have turned out very well, one paddock of Mr Geo. Delaney's going 72 bushels to the acre. The wheat crops are alsogood, from 35 to 40 being the general thing. I notice several improve ments, such as clearing and opening up the country. Mr W. Brown is still making progress, and he has what a good many more farmers might have with a very litble rxpense-grod water right at his door, thrown up by the means of a ram fixed in a gully, which keeps him con Etantly supplied with pure w, tsr, Mr Peter Jack is making good progress with the road on the other side of the Barren Hill, and when complet d as far as Sthe c >ntracr ex lends it will be one of the finest roads in Tasmania. There is no doubt the people who live in this isolated part deserve something good. They have no post- flie or schoj ; the nearest school or post-fftice is seven miles away, and I am informed that one of the farmers offered to keep the poet-. ffi e free if the Government forward the mtil. There is a little mitter to which I should like to call the attention of the police. Several of the residents have been very much frightened when pass:ug a part of the road known as tLevell's Creek a't r dark, as someone is acting the part or a ghost, and it would be well if the c.nstable paid the place a visit. Prbspeeting for gold has been going on for some considerable time near Thuraroa, on Porton's land, with very good resunts, so rumour has it. I suppose more will be heard ef this find later on. That part ot the road leading to North Motton. or the Gawl, r, has been st pped for traffic, as usual just as winter is coming on, to be metalled. The t ims have now to go round through the bush, and it is a good thing that toere has not been a very heavy downpour of rain, otherwise they would not be able to get through with their produce. 