The Triple Mystery; or, Mick Carter's Sealed Orders. CHAPTER III. — (Continued.) a blow in the dark. " It is nothing," she said, making a visible effort to smile. " A momentary weakness — nothing more. I have not been well since — since my terrible bereavement, and to-night I feel unusually ill. I think, sir, if I were to retire at once, that I shall be strong enough to bear this necessary interview in the morning. .To-night I fear — nay I know that I am un equal to the task. Will you return in the morning, at ten ?" " Certainly." "I am very sorry that it must be so, sir. It is I who have sought this moment ' and looked forward to it. Ah sir, I"- Again the sudden paleness wept over her face, and again she instantly recovered. It touches my pride to admit that I am ill," she continued, with a faint smile, but to-night it is even so." She rose from her chair, and with evident difficulty, added : " I shall expect you in the morning at ten." It was a dismissal,, and the detec tive at once took his leave. The following morning he carried the Post with him to the breakfast table, and as he spread it open before him the first item of news upon which his glance rested caused him to utter a sharp exclamation of dis may. It was headed as follows : — BROKEN HEARTED. Sad Ending to a Chapter of a Tragedy. Senora Mafia Orlando Found Dead in Her Bed at Midnight. Following was a full account of the sad discovery, the whole purport of it being that the mother of Theresa had died of a broken heart, caused by the sad fate of her beloved and beautiful daughter. But the brow of Nick Carter grew darker as he read. Only once did he give utterance- to his thoughts. Then he murmured in a tone so low that a companion at the. same table could not have overheard him : . " She died by the hand of an assas sin as dark and as mysterious as that which killed her child !" CHAPTER IV. the doctor's theory. Bitter, indeed, was the disappoint ment of the detective when he learned that the very person — in fact, the only one— from whom he hoped to glean very necessary and impor tant information in the case to which he had been assigned was dead. The sealed orders to him by Chief Inspector Byrnes, which he had not perused until he reached his room in the Arlington after his hasty journey from New York, had directed him to communicate at once with the mother of Theresa Orlando. The result of that communication we have seen. Nothing came from it beyond the slight knowledge of the woman herself which Nick was enabled to gleam from the short but unfruitful interview. But stop ! More had come from it. He had seen enough to establish a conviction in his mind which he was now some what reluctant to admit, even to himself. .First, he had no belief in the theory that the Senora Orlando had died of a broken heart. Having him self seen the symptoms which the lady had developed only a few hours before her mysterious death he conld in no way attribute them to over mastering sorrow. Some other , and more powerful agency was at work than that of des pair over the loss of a child. He felt confident of that, and he had spent much of the night in thinking upon the subject -and in developing his plans for the interview which was to have taken place in the morning. Those plans, arranged after careful thought, suddenly fell to the ground, useless and of no account ; but there ' still remained to him the opinion he had formed in the quiet watches of the night, by which he accounted for the physical and mental condition in which he had found the mother. It was his thorough belief in that opinion which caused him to make the sotto voce remark at the end of the preceding chapter. As soon, therefore, as he finished his .breakfast, he took his way to the residence of the family physician — the same one who had been called when the daughter Theresa- was found dead upon her bed with the shattered fragments of a wineglass lying upon the floor beside her. Dr Jerome was a young man both in years and in professional experi ence, but his ability was unques tioned, and already he had won an enviable reputation as a skilful prac titioner. But the detective was destined to disappointment. When he reached the house of the physician he was informed that the, doctor had gone out a few moments before, and it was not known when he would return. Near by was the house at which Nick had called the preceding even ing, and as he instinctively glanced towards it he saw, in the act of ascending the stone steps, the figure of a man who was unmistakably a physician. To hasten forward and address him before he had time to press the electric button of the door was but the work of a moment. " Pardon me," he said to the gen tleman upon the steps; " are you not Dr Jerome?" . " Yes," was the reply, " and I can not be interviewed." " Pardon me again," said Nick, coolly. " I am not a reporter, but an officer of the law." " Ah ! " . " If you will meet me at your rooms in an hour, I will not detain you now, sir." The doctor hesitated a moment, then turned and descended the steps. " I will go with you now," he said; " for, unless I err, you are from New York, and are sent here by Chief In spector Byrnes." Nick was surprised, but he did not show it. At the same time he won dered how this man, a stranger to hirn, knew so much. He made no reply, and the two men recrossed' the street together, and two minutes later were closeted in the doctor'sconsulting room. The detective saw, in the clear-cut fea tures, broad brow, and keen eyes of the physician outlines of a character in which the greatest confidence might be reposed, and the outward evidence of an analytical. mind, which, if correctly directed, would prove of inestimable benefit to him in the work he had to do. " Doctor," he said, as soon as they were alone together, " before touching upon the motive of my call here this morning, I wish, in addition to tell ing- you my na'me and occupation, to request that you will observe the utmost discretion — nay, absolute secrecy — regarding everything which takes place between us." Certainly. The first thing that a doctor should acquire is the ability to keep a secret." '" Undoubtedly." "I wish tosay however, that I have very little time to place at your disposal this morning. I have already denied myself to many of my patients." " My business, doctor, refers to precisely the same thing which en grosses your attention this morning," replied Nick. " Indeed, may I ask" "I refer to the sudden death of Mrs. Orlando." "Ah!" " Doctor, as you know, I am a detective, and, I have been sent here by Chief Inspector Byrnes, of New York, for purposes which I will not now pause to explain." , " Presumably, however, to investi gate certain questions which were re ferred to your chief the night before last." "Youknow, then" " I know that much at least." " Then, after informing you that the name upon the card you hold in your hand is the one by which I pre fer to be known for the present, we can proceed at once to business." "Certainly. If I know you only as Mr Gregory Green I am not likely to address you by any other name." " Thank you. May I now ask you a number of questions ?" " As many as you like." " Did you know that I called upon Mrs Orlando last evening ?" " I know that somebody called — a person of whom we have a very meagre description. I may add that the police are searching for that un known individual." "Indeed!" "Yes." " Then some other cause than that of a broken heart is suspected as the reason of Mrs Orlando's death?" " No ; -another cause is known." "Ah!" " She was poisoned." The ghost of a smile shone for an instant on' the detective's face as he said, quietly : " I came here for the purpose of making that identical statement to you." " Indeed ! Then you " I discovered — or at least, believed I did — the symptoms of narcotic poisoning when I saw the unfortu nate woman last night." "You should have selected my profession, Mr Green." " Perhaps. But tell me, please, how you made the discovery, and why you failed to detect it until too late to prevent the consequences." " That is very simply told." " Yes ?" " Ever since the death of her daughter Mrs Orlando has refused to see anyone except her maid. You, I believe, are the only person with whom she is known to have conver sed, although this sudden calamity would indicate " " Tht the supposition is wrong." " Exactly." " When did you see her last ?" " Immediately after the funeral of her daughter." " How did she appear then ?" " Overcome by grief." " Naturally; But, to insist, was there anything in her manner at that time, or in her appearance, upon which you can now look back with the feeling that if you had fully grasped the situation then, you could have prevented the death that oc curred last night ?" "Yes — and no." " Will you explain ?" " I had a vague idea when I left her that day that she was ill. Her pallor was too great, and the expres sion of her eyes denoted — er " "What?" " Either incessant weeping or the. use of a narcotic of some kind." "Ah!" " I adopted the latter theory, be lieving that she had merely sought solace in its use. The subject was too delicate for me to introduce at that time, and I really thought no more about it until last night." " And then" "Then, sir, I leaped to a decision out of which I cannot argue myself." " That was" " That she was poisoned." "Ah!" " Understand me., Everything in the room where she was found would indicate that she had merely used the drug for mental relief, and had died of an overdose which was self- administered.' CHAPTER V. logic and reason versus fact. Nick. Carter left his room and walked across the room to' the win dow, where he -remained gazing" out upon the street for several moments. Then he returned, and resumed the conversation, as though there had been no break. " Very much the same conditions surrounded her, then, that were found in the room of her daughter a fortnight ago ?" lie said. " Yes." "But the same drug had not been employed ?" " No." " What was the cause of death in this case ?" " The active principle of digtaiis, or, in other words, cligitaline." "Ah!" "The action of this poisomupon the human system is always remark able, and in no two cases with which I am familiar has it produced pre cisely the same effect." " How was it in this case ?" " Wait, please. One peculiarity of the drug is that after it has been taken continuously in small doses another dose of the same size may prove suddenly fatal. Physicians, in using it as a remedy, must necessa rily make a close study of the patient in order to guard against this very point." "Well?" " In the case of Mrs Orlando there had undoubtedly been continuous use of the drug for some time. Who prescribed it remains a mystery which must be solved." " Surely." " It is the last remedy in the world that I, as her physician would have prescribed for her, and there is no doubt in my mind that she took the drug, knowing nothing of its deadly qualities, and relying solely upon the judgment of the person who sug gested it." " Then although you state so con fidently that Mrs. Orlando was poisoned, you are still of the opinion that the deadly draught may not have been criminally administered. Arn I to so understand you ?" " Again yes — and no." " Pardon me, doctor, but you are rather enigmatical this morning." " No. I am logical." "Well?" " Let us be .consistent." " Above all things." " We know that Mrs. Orlando died of poisoning by digitalis — a powder which is easily soluble in alcohol." " Yes." " We know that she might have taken a certain quantity at stated intervals for some time without fatal results." " Yes." " And we know that precisely the same quantity taken once too often would produce death, as in her case." " Yes, again." " ThereforCj unless'1 we can find who the person is who gave her the drug, and unearth some motive for a crime like this, we are forced to the hypothesis that the case is one of carelessness resulting from inex perience or negligence, or it is one of suicide." " True. Now, doctor, what is your theory ?" " I have none." " Eh ? You said " " That Mrs. Orlando was poisoned. I repeat it. Further than that I do not wish to go." - " Doctor," said Nick, after a moment's silence, " there is in every man an inner consciousness which asserts itself in spite of the influence of his own will and reason." " I believe that." "I do not belie\ e that any man who is empanelled as a juror on a celebrated criminal case can truth fully say that he is without prejudice or opinion in the matter." " Why ?" " Because he has, unconsciously, if you please, decided in his heart the guilt or innocence of the criminal he is to try." "Well?" " There exists in your heart at this moment just such a sentiment regarding -the case we are discuss ing, and — pardon me— I want to know what it is." " Why ?" " First impressions are often pro phetic. I want to know what your first impression was when you en tered that room of death ?" " Suicide." " And is that what your inner consciousness says to you now ?" " Yes." ' " What was the condition of the room ?" " There were no changes that I could see." " The body was upon the bed, I believe." "Yes. Mrs. Orlando had retired ; for the night." " Hum ! That fact might streng then your theory." "How so?" " If she had not contemplated suicide she might have' taken the drug before retiring; as it is, she dispensed with the services of her maid before she swallowed the poison." "True; I had not thought of that." "How long have you been the regular physician in that house, doctor ?" ' About eighteen months.' ' You have known the family in timately in that time?' ' Quite so.'> ' ; ' Arguing on the supposition' that .the hand of an assassin has been at work in the death of both mother and daug'neer, have you' any clue whatever regarding the identity of the enemy ?' ' Absolutely none.' ' 'You have never heard a word dropped which might indicate that such enemy existed ?' ' Never.' ' Let us refer to the case of the daughter.' ' Very well.' ' You were called as soon as the body was found, I believe ?' ' Yes.' . ' Were your impressions the same as in the case cf the mother ?' ' Do you mean suicide ?' ' Yes/ ' They were.' . ' And remain the same now ?' '"Certainly. ' No person of sense could think otherwise. There was a phial on the dresser, the broken glass beside the bed, the Bah! Any other theory would be sheer tolly.' ' I am quite inclined to agree with >'Q' .. . (' ' There could Joe ho other conclu sion formed by a man of healthy perceptive faculties. I gey even a step farther. ' ''Ah i In what 'way ?' ' You doubtless know -about the death of Brayton Eusse! ?' 'Certainly.' 'Are you also investigating that matter ?'. ' Not now, certainly.' ' Evervbodv savs that Brayton Rus ei \ a n uid t ' '- Y\ hy. ves. 1 do not believe it.' Really? You do astonish me or coir Itioi ht' I Know wn-at vou thought — what e\ei o 1/ thi c nevertheless, I a i h n i tl o I 1 tf that Russel s nbl d hum N 1 1 i that it . is as m L a ctsc oi f I de se as the others.' 'Humph'! Why?' ' Murderers don't . creep down chimneys like Santa Clouse.' 'True.'- 'There .was no possible way in which -an assassin could have ob tained access to Brayton. Russel's apartments without attracting notice and- without disturbing the intended victim.' 'Granted. -Well?' ' Russel was found just as his valet , left him, I mean in the same position.' ' True.' 1 ' Can a reasonable man believe that a person, dagger in hand, could have opened the door, oven with a key, without attracting toe a ti em ion of the man who was sitting in his chair smoking ? Having gained ad mittance, could such a person have crept up behind him fend have struck the blow without a sound to break the stillness of that room ? The idea is preposterous. Russel would have realised the presence of the . in truder' - ' If it was an intruder.' ' Eh'? Ball ! I have thought the matter over hours at a time, and only to add to my conviction that Russel was his own murderer.' ' CHAPTER VI. the right track. The detective only shrugged his shoulders in response to the doctor's emphatic statement. 'Were you also called there ?' he asked present! v. 'Yes.' ' You were acquainted with Russel?' ' Very well, indeed.' 'Intimate?' 'No; we met often in society, but were never companions.' ' He was wealthy?" '.I believe so.' ' To whom does his property de scend ?' 'To a brother, I believe.' ' Do you know anything about the brother?' , ' No, except that his name is Bel- den, that he is much older than Brayton was, that he has lived abroad for a great many years, and that his fortune was the same as his brother's, i It came to them by in heritance.' ' Have you examined the bottle which was found on the dressing- case in ' Theresa ' Orlando's room?' asked Nick, suddenly changing the subject! ' Certainly.' " Is there any way of ascertaining where the aconite was procured ?' ' None.' ' No mark on the bottle ?' ' No; ' Nor peculiarity of the drug itself by which it might be traced ?' 'Eh? Certainly not.' ' iYre the same answers to be made in the case of the digitaline used by her mother ?' ' Y'es.' ' Doctor, who was the first to re cognise the stiletto with which Rus sel was killed ?' . ' I . ' ' Indeed !' - 'Yes. I recognised it instantly.' ' You. had seen it often ?' - ' Y'es, a number of times.' 'Where?' ' On the table in the parlor of the Orlandos.' f When did you last see it there ?' ' About a week before these events.' ' .. . ' Tell me about it.' ' Russel, Navarro, and I happened to meet -there. Russel took the weapon in .his hand and admired it, and Miss Orlando remarked laugh ingly that if it were not for the superstition regarding sharp-pointed instruments she would present it to him.' ' Russel replied in the saine banter ing" way that he would take an early opportunitv of stealing it.' ' Well : And then ? 'It was returned to the table, and forgotten.' ' Your theory, I suppose, is that he did iake it and afterwards used it to kill himself — eh ?' ' Exactly that.' 'There were rumors of an engage ment between Russel and Theresa; was there any foundation for them ?' ' I believe they were in love with each other, but as for an engage ment' ' Do you think that they had spoken together of love ?' ' I believe they understood each other.' ' Do you, as physician, friend, or man of the world, know of any im pediment to a marriage between them ?' The doctor passed one hand slowly across his forehead, and did not reply. ' Mr. Green, since that is the name by which I know- you,' said the doctor slowly, 'I am acquainted with a secret in the life of Brayton Russel which is involved in the answer to that question. I hesitate to answer, because I am considering whether I have now the right to re veal it.' ' If the secret will tend to solve these mysteries, you are, as a man of honor, bound to reveal it,' replied Nick quickly. ' Do you think so ?' 'Yes.' _ . 'And yet I promised Brayton Russel that I never would do so-?' ' He could not foresee an event of this kind.' ' Perhaps not.' ' Does it concern a possible impedi ment to his marriage with Miss Orlando.' ' An -actual one.' ' Ah ?' ' I will tell you the secret.' ' Thank you.' ' Brayton Russel was already a husband.' ' You surprise me.' ' It is true.' ' Who; besides you, was or is aware of this ?' ' Only three persons in this coun try knew of it. They were Russel, his wife, and myself.' ' You forget the man who married them ?' ' He is dead.' ' And the witnesses.'. . One is now in an asylum for the for ; t ' e other has disappeared.' ' vreryv Ho v 1 mcr see Mrs. Russel ?' Never.' ' Nor her picture ?' ' No; ' Where is she now ? ' I do not know.' ' Where was she when you learned the secret ?' ' I do not know.' ' How did you happen to be told this fact ?' ' That I must decline to explain.' ' Is the woman alive to-day ?' ' I believe so. Of course I do not know positively.' 'Do you know of any way in- which she can be found ?' .'None.' ' Something must have been said when Russel told you this chapter of his life, that suggested her place of residence, or at least where they were married.' ' There was nothing.' .' Is there a child ?' ' I believe not.' ' Have you told me all ? Do you mean to say that Russel told you the bare fact that he was a married man, and nothing more?' ' I mean precisely that. Yfou know as much as I do concerning the matter.' ' Had his wife ever visited him at his apartments at the Covington ?' ' I do not know, but I think not.' ' Why ?' 'Only because I gathered the idea from the way he spoke that she was not and had never been in Washing ton.' ' When did Russel tell you this story ?' ' About a week before his death.' ' Did he ever refer to the subject again ?' ' No.' ' Do you believe that he spoke the truth ?' ' I am sure of it.' ' You are convinced that this wife exists ?' ' I am.' , 'Then she must be found.' ' I should say, by all means.' ' Try to think of some word uttered by Russel in that conversation which will give us a clue.' ' I have tried, and it is useless. ' It is a strange story, doctor.' ' Very.' - ' One that is hard to believe.' ' I believe it.' ' If she exists she may be his murderer, or' — — ' I still cling to my theory of suicide.' ' Good. I haven't the slightest objection. Even then it furnishes 'a e for such "a deed. By the way, :o change the subject rather i , was it not curious that Russel's friend, and Agnes Orlando, Theresa's cousin, 1 have been married the same e g that these crimes — call them bv wnat name you please — were committed ?' Very.' ' I have examined the testimony taken at the inquest upon Russel, and I find that Navarro dodged the question when asked why he had been sent for.' ' Ye-s.' 1 'Strange that he should do that. Er — by the way, were Theresa and her cousin on friendly terms ?' ' Friendly, yes ; they were not over demonstrative, however. I do not think they were fond of each other.' ' Navarro called frequently at Theresa's house, did he not ?' ' Quite so.' ' Are you well acquainted with Manuel Navarro ?' ' Superficially only.' 'Humph! Doctor, I am becoming- converted to the theory of suicide in the cases of Theresa Orlando and Russel, and to that of accidental death in the case of Mrs. Orlando. The double suicide was doubtless agreed upon c between the parties, and' ' I am convinced of it.' Twenty minutes later, however, when Nick Carter left the doctor's house, he murmured half aloud : ' I am more than ever convinced that three murders have been com mitted here, and I believe I am on the right track.' CHAPTER VII. one MAN'S intuition. ' There is more than ordinary mystery here,' mused Nick Carter, as 'he walked slowly along the street after taking his leave of Dr. Jerome, ' and in order to arrive at -a point from which a possible solution may begin, I must do a little systematic arranging of facts, dates,, persons, places, and events. ' Furthermore,' he added, a few moments later, ' in order to cover the ground I shall need some assist ance, and ' — He ' paused suddenly, for his thought leaped quickly into a new channel — one that pleased him, one that rendered him suddenly hopeful of greater and easier success than he had before anticipated. ' Good !' he murmured, as he hur ried along somewhat faster than before. ' The idea is a good one.' Then he whistled softly to him self as he turned into Farragut- square, and skirted it in the direc tion of the Arlington. The office of this famous hotel resembles a club-room, where Con gressmen, Senators, newspaper men, and „ public characters gene- relly most, do congregate. There is rarely a time when men may not see prominent men well- known throughout the entire country sitting there hobnobbing with each other while enjoying their cigars and dai'y papers. A -feature- of the place is the car riage-clerk's desk, and the man who presides over it has occupied the same position for so many years that he has become familiar with the ways, habits, and associates of almost every man of prominence in the country. The detective strolled into the place, and fortunately found the car riage clerk enjoying a moment of respite. ' Mr. Gordon,' said Nick, ' can you put some one in charge here for a half-hour or so, and give me that much of your time ?' ' Certainly, if you wish it,' was the reply. " Will you come into my room ?' ' Yes.' ' At once ?' ' Y'es.' ' Good. I will expect you.' The detective hastened to his room, where, a few minutes later, he was joined by Mr. Gordon, who wore an expression, of perplexity, naturally wondering what the un usual request portended. He was invited to be seated, and then Nick went straight to the point. ' Mr. Gordon,' he said, ' I have known you for a good many years, and just now I find myself in a position where., you can be of the greatest assistance to me.' ' I am always ready to ' ' I know that. I want some in formation -which you can furnish.' ' I am at your service so long as it does not ' ' I will in no way conflict with your duty or with any conscientious scruples.' ' Then command me.' ' Thank you. First, however, I wish to say that if I did not believe that I could place absolute confi dence in your discretion, and rely upon you to forget this interview as soon as it ends, I could not think of going into the matter upon which I am about to speak.' Gordon remained silent, and waited for Nick to proceed. ' If you will permit,' continued the detective, ' I will not go into my reasons for seeking the information I do. Yfou may draw your own conclusions, and probably thev will not be far from the truth. If you will reply to my questions and then forget that we ever talked together on these subjects, it is all I ask.' ' Very well.' 'You know nearly everybody in Weshington, I am told.' ' I know a great many people — yes.' ' Did you know Brayton Russel ?' ' Very well indeed.' ' For how long ?' ' Several years. I cannot say how many.'' 'You have talked with him often?' ' Frequently.' ' You were, of course, shocked by the news of his sudden death ?' ' Very greatly.' ' Do you think it probable he killed himself ?' ' No, sir.' 'Why?' ' I don't know that I can give a good reason more than to say that, with my knowledge of Brayton Russel's character, I could never be made to believe that he committed suicide.' ' Good ! Now, who killed him ?' ' I wish I knew.' ' So do I. I asked the question for the purpose of getting an ex pression . of your suspicions, if you have any.' ' I have none.' ' In your frequent talks with him can you remember nothing that was said which would indicate the exist ence of an enemy who might have done this thing ?' ' Nothing.' ' I am told that he was very fond of society.' ' That is true.' ' And of the ladies.' ' It would be more correct to put it the other way.' ' How ?' ' The ladies were very fond of him.' ' The transposition is worthy of thought. Are you familiar with any rumours which connected his A name with that of any lady ?' ' Y'es.' ' Good ! What are they ?' ' He was reported engaged to \iiss Orlando, the young lady who' ' Go- on. I am curious to learn how you will finish the sentence.' to be continued. 