THE CALL OF THE IMPERIAL CHIXXT. A SERMON TO YOUNG MEN'. [liy the liev. Joseph Bkruf.] Lord, I will follow Thee, but.— Luke is., 61. We cannot read this paragraph (verses 57-61) without being struck with the imperial tone of Christ. Hiiro waa a young man, penniless mid with few friends, oa His way to be tried f orHis life and jjublicly executed. A Samarifca.11 villajre at which He would havo lodged has just rejected His proposal. Just now threo offers of disciplcship are made to IJ::n, but in each case th&ru; is a condition stated or mt pliwl. Each orfor is rejected. He will noil alter or lower His standard to please any one of them. Tha rejections of Christ are per haps as remarkable as His invitations. A rt- vivalist onee remarked tbat he had jitsS conducted special services in a certain church. 'Jlow many did you add?' he waa asked. ' We turned out 1!) members,' was hi* rvpiy. Wubley'tf joumals note a froocl 1'nn.ny r«viva's of that sort. Wo preacher* often pivsttnt Clirisc as if He were ft beggar knocking at our door. There is truth in tlio presentation, but not the whole truth. Kings ('0 not invite when addressing their subjects — they command. Christ speaks in an i:nm«rial tune. When the young- ruler knelt at Hia fo-'-t offerin-r the surrender of everything !-ufe o:i-3 Ciirist laid His finger r.pon the oue thing i-p.-.i.-i vod and ?a:\i, Yic-Kl that, and then f;t'l bti-.iiui ar,0. fuliovv. Vfy n-ply that ' Hv. did not aiw.-i.ys require thu giving up of every penny, ' and tiiat is true. Ciieniidts w.-io test for po:si-n do not apply the same ti-st in c.vc-ry ease. If they Mi.»p-^ct arswiic tho test 13 ditferent from that i:i wliicSs tlic-y suspect strychnine. .So the test of Christ is applied to tho erne t'tin'f in wLich the will ia not yielded. Tho n:lcr was very sorrowful as ho turiied away, but Christ lot u;;n go. T!:'.-ro mu.it 1« no ri— -.??rved 'bui' in those who would be If is -ii=;-;i;:!.-.'J. Tiierc avo tbrirG cases r.f tha kind here in one jviraji':iph. 'l~r.v serilie who said, ''Ji-ird I will foiiow Thojs whithersoever Thou gc-es-t' tlid not iu expr.'da tt-nns stipulate for any condition. 3Ji:t lie little knew to what Christ was £'J.::s:T. He had an idea that there was m;:rh to ba gained by follow ing this teacher. Ho was like those who to-day join a t-!iiir:;]i for what they cau get. J)r. I'^nr^cust lately Mentioned tho. case of one of his own members who complained. that 1:b had U.'en *a. member of his church for six years without gaining a customer ! Think of tho man — the sneak rather— who called himself a disciple that he might sC-11 a U-w pounds of t«i extsa or a few vards more of ribbon. There was some thought- of tho kind in the mind of this scribe. Hence the answer he got was 'Foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, bub the .Son of Maa hath not whore to lay His head.' That was enough fur the scribe. There was an end of hid proposal. Another who waa colled replied— 'Suffer me first to go and bury my father.' The ans-.ver given to him sounds harsh, if not cruel — 'Let the di-arl bury tht-ir dead, but go thou and preach tho kingdom of God. ' But Christ was neither harsh nor cruel The man's father was not dead. A Jew with a dead father ab home could not possibly bo in a mixed crowd. Tho l»uch of x. dead body rendered him ceremoniaiiy unclean f&r; seven days. The funeral was usually uison tho same day ait ' ?....' death. Tiiov had a proverb in the Kast when they wanted to excuse themselves from a thing illwill doit when I have buried my father' — when I coins into my property and am fito to act on my own account. I'.utJ proverbs degc-ntratie, and so this one caice to mean no more than so»:e of yini mean when ? you say, 'Yes, I will do itwhen my ship cornea isi ?' Christ's ;msw.T sshows his contempt for the man v.lio tf- nijinriw s with His call. What would lx- ti:ov.;iht ot the fireman who, when the iirc'x.-!! riiig^, a.-sks tlio sujxjrintendent; to excuse him for a minute while he parts hi3 l.uir cr ti:nls a colinr .stud V Is the call of a firr btll more imjwraii vo than the summons of God? Insult with your small jokos anrl trifling ox cunt-s any oni* elrf v.-ho commands you, but do nut dare tlsus to triRf with your King ! TJswi there was a third. '' Lord 1 wiH fol ' low TJ-.of:, but h-i ins first bid tiu-rn far»-.vi-I{ whic-h ''aru at homo at my house.' Kvi-n thao is not ailowfd. Not lK-caiioi; Christ is indif ferent to the claims of home. In youth He was .subject to His part-nta. On the cro=s Ho paNst-d h\ the a-.-t of dying that He might Arrange a homo fur H is btxikt-n- liearted mother. , Call to mind the Litter opposition which a Jew bud to fac-e when h« prop-si-d to follow Chiist. It is best illustrated by the briliery or perst.cu tk.n which a youna; Hindoo has to face w!w propose-; to di- tli« same thing. Human nature can hardly lx-ar the strain. Tr» consult those at home 'first' was fc» look Lack. It v.-a? to put other claims in competition with His. 'lhat could not arwl cantot be allowed. 'No man having p'lt Isis hand to the plough anil looking back is iit fur the kingdom of God.' You see what Ho means. J'V-w things are uglier than crooked furrows on a ploughed field- ??furrows the shape of a dog's leg. Strright furrows are maiio by the ploughman fixing his 1 ye upon some objpcb ahead, and keeping it fixed. Glances to this side and that spoifhis work. To look back i» to ruin it. If you would plough a straight furrow in Gods kingdom the eye must l» fixed on Him, and 0:1 Him only. It would stop a good deal of fooling in religion if this - were understood and acted upon. If any' 'Ifut' could lie allowed in a candidate for discipleship it would be thatof the man who would confer with his mother, and sisters, and ' friends, but the call of our King disallows even- : that. We will now leave these speople vdown in .Tudoa. How is it in Adelaide? What do ' you young nuai and women say to Jesus whetai '.;? ' Ho calls T. You do not say '1 will not folknir Thee.' If you did you would .not ..be* herei , , You would bo in some place 'or oocupation. in. '.??''; ' which your attitude to Him could not be mis 'taken. The answer too many of you give is 'I will follow Thee, but.' ft is of some of these excuses that I have to speak. May God, -lite Holy Ghost, so apply the word that some young inan or woman sheltered behind these 'but8'inay say 'Ijord I will mako an un conditional eiirrender! Anywhere, every where, I will follow if Thou wilt accept and lead me.' 1\. I will follow thee, but I want first to ' have all these mysteries in Thy word cleared up. While you make that condition you will never follow. He never called a man of you : on any such terms. His condition is do and you ehall know, but do first.' You would not accept the services of an errand boy on the' terms you propose. Suppose you told a lad to carry a letter to-morrow, and he replied 'No you don't, I must be told first what it is about. You are not to send me with an envelope the contents of which you do not explain f How ' much per week would you give a lad like that? Not one of you would tolerate him for anjiour. Suppose a soldier refused to march ? step or fire a shot until his commanding officer made all his orders clear ? Christ wants ' soldiers not advisers. When a child is set set to learn music he gets a lesson and is told to practice that and then he ehall have another. Those are the only terms upon which a music teacher takes \- pupils. So we are to practice the things we do understand — other things can wait. I \- would not say one word to discount the value of Biblical learning, but I will say this, that in matters of practical duty a laborer who can just epell out the English of his mother's Bible and who daily asks 'Lord, what wilt Thou have me to da' is at no disadvantage as compared with the finest scholar on the Bible Revision Committee. A Swiss guide who never heard the word geology, but who has accustomed himself to mountaineering, can climb the Matterhorn as successfully as a geologist, who could draw a section of the mountain and correctly name all the strata between its snow-crowned summit and the burning centre of the earth. We do not even make any such condition in reference to other authors. Yon would not refuse to study .and enjoy Tennyson unless all the mysteries of his writing are explained. Yet you cannot begin 'In ineinoriam' at the beginning and read for a quarter of an hour before you will come to at. least one stanza that contains a reference that neither Tennyson nor any expert in his pastry could satisfactorily explain. How many have read 'The ring and the book V' Of those who have read it how few would undertake to unravel all its perplexing passages? Will you therefore refuse to read and ponder anything that Browning lias written. Suppose you refused to walk until you could understand how the brain controls the nerves and guides your feet, and how brain and nerves and feet co-operate with gravitation. You would never take another step, but would become as stiff as Lot's wife. I am adding illustration to illustration at the risk of redundancy because I want once for all to knock this nonsense out of you. The . Bible has been ahead of every age. Many things are clear to us that puzzled our grandfathers, and many things will be clear to our grandchildren that we cannot «;Xjjlain. Hut when you have been a thousand y«3ars in heaven there will still be mysteries here into which you will -fcsire VQ look^ When l-avibis-ac was a student ho often got into per plexity about the meaning of Scripture. He took liis questions to a plain Bible-loving -jjenna.ii, who answered his questions and solved t:is difficulties. At length the old man replied, *:Youiig man, I will answer no more tff yOiit questions. If I settle one to-day vou are sure to come with another to-ffionxta', and there is no end to it. I ask you once for all ' Do you mean to give yourself to Christ and follow Him. or do vo-j not ? ' I press that practical question on you. 'Yes' or 'ho.' What is your answer? Bo content that Almighty God should know some things that you do not. An Indian officer who was known to be living in adultery one day accosted a missionary thus: — 'Mr. So-and-So: there are jrrc-ax mytteries in the P.ibie. are there not? The Pentateuch, -:.-/., did Moses write it «jr not- ':' ' 1 am not s«re,:' replied the missionary, ?? that I ca:i answer your «T5i«stion. There are perplexities about it, iiiit tin: seventh commandment is plain.' The o'li^er was enraged, b:st th« missionary was rijr.iiv. We cannot hoodwink ihe Omniscience l:y making what we do noi know au excuse for refusing to practice what we do know. ' I. will follow Thee when all my difficulties are exj;3;iii-e.J ' is a roundabout way of Baying I will not follow. Let there be no 'more of it. 2\. I would follow Thee but for the incon sistencies of other Christians. This is one of tlw toniswnest, the hiliiest, the shabbiest **buts' one ever hears. You would enlist, ?but you_:r.ust first be assured that every other soidk-r in the regiment is loyal a»d brave. Without such assurance Queen and country may go to the dogs for anything yon care : Noble, is it not ': Well, I have to say aga-in that Christ never called you on those tei-run. From Judas downward ~ there have always been some traitors and hypocrites. 'W.':i:«e Christianity and human nature remain x*i they are there are sure to be imitation OJii- setians, because the Ix-tter anything is acknowledged to be the more certain it is of iii:;tai ion. bo long as men know the value of tisuwel mere will be flannelette. So long as jju-riwi »-v«-rcig:is are worth 2'.=. then; will be !-:jj:;rio::s suvosvisms. One lias wad of asses in lions' rskiira. iy.K lions an; not to ba blamed for that. Nor is hypucrisy the fault of Christianity ; it is rather the world's testimony to its beauty and value. This ' but' is not kigical. If the cHscovi-ry_ -;f a hypocrite turns you against -i:!r;Kt':aisi:y, as you say, why does not the dis covery of true Christly character iu men turn you (-w:iirfe it ': That thvre are such require.1? no j-nwf. The other day there died in Ade laide one w!:o:n y.-,a all know, at least by name and iv|rataiio:i. Tiie R«v. Mr. Williams was Hiasttr in o:io of -n:r local cc-log-fs. After his ?leavii itio jjapors inc-ntioned oik- incident in his JilVi. fiointr y-.-ai* :igo oih; of our local banks 'was toia-ring. Mr. Williams was a share h.«;di.*r. A bivk«*r who was in the secret waited «ni !:iisi, advising him to sell out at once or he v.vuM »k- cvrtain to lose the moiK'y he had in ? vested and a good deal more in the shape of ciliS. Mr. Williajiis replied iliac he would takii an h- -r.r to Uiinl: about it, and if at the -»mj of shat time lie felt he could sell out and 3iH-.k liis boys in the face and tell them what he had done, lie would agree — not otherwise. When the hour w.-i-s over he told the broker that he would bear -thr loss himself. He could not transfer shares that he ku--w to I-e worililess to one who did not Icnow ar.d maintain his self-respect. Now, ninety-nine men of the world in a hundred ? would have sold out and congratulated them ?wiv-»s on their luck.* Fancy any man who had -?«atat_th«» feet of a teacher like that excusing hiios'if from following Christ because so inanv of His followers arc not genuine. It is they who arc tiie humbugs, and not Christians. I 'admit of wirso that when hyixxn'iivs are plen tiful Christian profession is n-.ore difficult. ? The true arc in Home sense disgraced by the false. Hut I have yet to learn that the'diffi culty of any duty is an excuse for its refusal. Yoa tan 1 iv genuine, cannot you, whether vour neighbor is or not. 'What is that to thee, follow tl:o:i Me.:- 3\. 1 would follow Thee, but it would inter f.sm with my gains and pleasures. Well, that is ti .!-?. If your great aim in life is pleasure or gain 1 don't advise you to 1m- a Christian. At the time these incidents happened Christ had set liis face steadfastly to go to Jerusalem, and you know what that meant. Tiie charter of discipWliip has never been changed. 'If :i;',y nsan will come after Me, let himdeny liim st-lf ar.«j take up liis cross,1' his ' own :J cross, .is tiie revised version .puts, it. 'Come to :.Te--;iH and be heppy ''was never the condition of di«*cipli-ship. It is a false note. I, foroue, , sun sick of hearing it, Christ often makes me miserable - miserable about- my own sin and un-Aorthin^ss. I l:n«jw many a sleepless hour ??ausrtl iiy.tht'Biu and sorrow I see about me. ' 1 am over SO vv-ars of ace.:- said Lord ?tShaf iesl«ury to MisS Cobbef ? 'fcljn'r cannot l-ear \- to ji-ave this VT)r'd 'wh'ilu- diere is so much . misery in it.' That he was rare of a blissful heaven for hitusejf did not satisfy that noble In- art. Vnconvoried sne:i are -J-irking their -nwn i.-ross : ilie oall of Christ is a call to take it up. You will never plough a straight furrow, to go I Kick to the simile in our text, with one «?-?«? mi js!«sis=ure and another on gain. Come i-o Christ bfu-iuse it is right. He and JIc alone :ipp:-a?s to y«nif noblest manhood. Re can iu:-k-.- of y.m t!:o man, th.i wjman, ymi ou.--lit U-- l»t?. Thf-iv aiv : hosi? who sit at this world's fcil'ie ^n-king -m)y to enjoy and to get. and tiiyj-c ar.; those who stand and sitvi1. Conwrsion is to jri%t* u|- the former ]K*it;i-]i :nid uike the latter. I'ent washing w*1 ac«-«nmt-.*d ?«!?? of the rao«.t menial duties — j'i-t j',- ?»y -:unf- boot- blacking is now. A few days :ift.-r tliis hu.id-nt, and :l? a part of ihe nai- ratwiir of the supjKT. Chri-t was pinled wJtii a tow.;I, washing the ti- avpl-^taiiic-fl fett -it nshorm.ti. 'If I. your I^rd ar.d Master, havo w«tH»i-yi your fvot. ve aiso ought to wash .-jii- ar.i, iSn-rV f-*t.' To ft ?]':?. w is to imitate. D.in't think o: brinjr :i -^:iri-ti.in that \ ?.-??-. ujav liry up iIjh fountain^ of your«-iw;i tears, bur that you may wij*?. rii«- tfats fiom oth.-r ly^ A ^litiviiian once ti.U Mr. Watkinson that his t:iiit*f oiijoyincnt ill Switzerland was tf- );.o in lx?(l and look at Mount !J!anc. Nob! p. was it not ': So thw r-r'? Clivi: t ians whose chief cn:oy mciit is to lie in bod nnd look at Mount Calvafv an;! think Im-.v gf- id it was of the Lord .lesus «o climb C.j'.vary for ihcm. Voii are not called 10 that fi-s.'Au'vpnUny enjoyiiicnt, lj;;t to follow «;Vfn to' ivlhsemane and up the blood stained sIojk- -jf Calvary. Will you do it V ?Sonic of you !ia\e s^en the engraving of Sir Iviinin Long's picture 'Chri.'-t or Diana.' In the foreground is a beautiful maiden, her fea ture? radiant with the lijjlit of God. Behind is the amphitheatre where Christian marty:-s were burnt or f5ung to the hungry beasts, i -r- Close to her is the Goddess Diana, with the *ltar fire burning in front. A casket contain ing grains of incen&c; is held out to her, and a ! p«y-haired priest is repeating the formula ' I«et her cast one grain of incense and she is ', Me.' Beautiful girls are there with iaetra- ; menteof music held to their lips, ready to fill the air with melody if only she will comply with the priest's injunction and cast one grain only on the fire. Standing by her side is her lover, his face quivering with anguish, entreating her for his sake to yield. But as she stands there you see what her resolution is —not Diana, but Christ She has set her face steadfastly to go to Jerusalem. With some of you this is the moment of decision. Christ or self, Christ or pleasure ; which is it to be ? _ I will follow, God being my helper ; or 'I will follow, but.' 