THE CA.THOLIC CHURCH IN A USTILALA. SA. Tie volumes which have just been issued on the above subject, from the pen of Cardinal Moran, have been very favor ably reviewed by a writer in the Sydney Doily Telegraph. Says the writer, the Cardinal has been both accurate and read able in no ordinary degree, his accuracy being vouched for by many original and official documents, both ecclesiastical and civil, copied from tihe archives of Dublin Westminster and Rome, as well as from Her Majesty's Colonial Oflice, and from the correspondence of those distinguished and zealous members of the church who made the history which is narrated. After referring to the printing and binding of the book, the whole of which was done in Sydney, the writer resumes thus :-The story of the Australasian Church is as romantic in its origin, as heroic in its efforts, and as triumphant in its results, as anything in the long history of the great Roman and Catholic communion. The Cardinal reminds us that a Spanish expedition sighted our shores on Whit Sunday, 1606, and the commander named them " The Southern Territory of the Holy Ghost." Tle latter half of the title has been too much forgotten; but the first part, in tihe form of Australia, has pre vailed against the New Holland of the Dutch explorers and the first English settlers. These arrived in 1788, under Governor Phillip, and for many years the prospects of all the churches were dark enough. Two Catholic chaplains asked to accompanoy the expedition, but were refused, and the terst ecclesiastics to arrive here wero Irish priests, who were sent out themselves for too much patriotic zeal, or too little political discretion. Even these werne or allowed to administer to their co religionists, through a policy which was ias brutal as it was blundering, and it was not until 1803 that Father l)ixon was allowed by (;overor King to celebrato mass once in three weeks in Sydney, ' arranattta anld lawkesbury in rotation. The Catholirs front any one place were not allowed to worship at the others, and the services were only granted under severe regulations, for which the congre. gations were enjoined to be duly grateful. This was the humble beginning of the Australasian church, and Father Dixon was made Prefect Apostolic of New Hol laud. His chalice was of tin, and his one vestment was made out of " some old damask curtains." The original Anglican church and chaplains were even more curious. The building was a thatched fabric of posts and wattles work, plastered with clay. Tle labor was paid for partly in money, partly in rum, flour, pork and other provisions of which the chaplain, witih less piety than we should like, esti mated the market price at about double the real price. It is even more strange to learn that the chnrches of St. Philip in Sydney, and of St. John at Parramatta were dedicated not to the Apostles, but to Governors Philip and John Hunter. This is, perhaps, carrying the supremacy of the Crown a little too far. During these years the Catholics were used very harshly, and were compelled to attend the Anglican service, or take the consequences. These were just as painful, and more tedious than martyrdom, as they could be repeated. Between 1803 and 1808 thle church was served by three banished or " convict " priests, and there are few stories more exemplary or more romantic than the preservation of the Blessed Sacrament in a private house, and the devotion of the Catholics while they were left without a pastor, when the last convict priest, Father Flynn,-was banished. To the convict priests there succeeded regular and authlo rised chaplains, and in 1841 the hierarchy was edtablished. After that the growth" of the church, though not early, was rapid and continuous. A group of flourishing churches has grown up round the mother church of Sydney, and in that diocese alone there were in 1892, a cardinal arch bishop, an auxiliary bishop, 160 priests, 141 teaching brothers, 676 nuns, 18,174 cler' -,' in the Catholic schools, and a \- population of about 135,000. The\ -.fragan bishoprics of N.S.W., though smaller, are equally flourishing and progressive. Of the other colonies, of Tasmania and of New Zealand, the same thing may be said, and Cardinal Moratn has described this wonderful growth in a faithful and admirable manner. Few things in the nineteenth century are more wonderful than the growth of the Roman' Church in the United States and in Aus tralasia. Here the church (says the re viewer) has not only grown in size, but it may be described as the most imposing and the best-ordered institution in the country. Every stranger who visits Sydney and sees the various churches, convents and schools of the Roman Catho lic church, no matter what Ihis theological opinions or prejudices may be, will have to own that it is certainly tile visible church in the mother city of Australia. Such is the outward fact. Tle inward explanation is to be found in the devoted lives and labors, in the faith, and charity, and zeal, of those heroic men and women who are described in Cardinal Moran's well-written and interesting pages. 