[?] The Withering of a Rose ( Continued .) " I oannot say that I ever .thought ( it inr:the "way ' you see it," he . answered, " but I am very glad-<-ahd proud that you find bo much poetry in my poor effort:":, ' . . " Poetry?— oh) no. I am not all poetical I"" she" Bind quickly, hnd almoBtqhametapedly. : "I used "to.bo Tatherfond of reading Koata and Byron, but 1 never do that now — my husband does not like it- " " Indeed "murmured Fane, vaguely wishing he'eould make a pioture ofhor as she stdod before him in her little white gown, with a picturesque broad brimmed hat, resting on tne sunny ouriaof her abundant hair. " No," she went oh confidingly, " ho thinks- it such. nonsense. You see he is a very olevor man, and -very scien tific. He reads all the heavy MAAMwinArt ' lW«l«r ?t ?0 UOW cillv Uiagoomcai (tuu uutuno w o »w»j to waste time on studying verse when one can have so much prose," " YeS,: - there certainly is a good deal of proSe about," said Fane. At that moment a shadow crossed the sunlight, in which they stood, and Mr. Aliingbam suddenly made his appearance,. " Why,1 Harold I" exclaimed his wife, springing towards him, " I thought you' had gone into the town." 'I havo been into tho town," he he repKed, frigidly, "but I returned a few minutes . ago. .Perhaps you are not aware that ' it is nein-ly our' lunch hour?'.'., Then, with a. stand-offish, vet wo'uld-be patronising air, addressi lng himself to Fane. " You 'are ah artist, sir?" " I do a llitleln that way)" replied the young -mam : modestly. ' Mrs, Allingham happened to -pass by while I was at work, and Bhe has been kind enough to look at my sketch." . " Ah— yes— er— yea I Very good Indeed.!?, murmured Mr. Allingham, soarceiy_ glancing at the pioture as he onnlrn 1 '<< Rnso iif. Iff tifrifl Wfl tVAIit it).' You are staying at our hotel are you not, Mr — er — Mr.- — ?" " Fane," ' said that gentleman l. mildly. - - . col. "Fane, on I ah— yes.. I think I 'lnuuiiave heard of you in London/ You Gou>rn&ve; exhibited,' have' you not ?" Sat 31b ' F--»iUh"v." reedom " Oh, ,x-xi wer — I rentejnlwc I hi" Oharmedk i?fi&J;o>:"T?';"j: j I Are you cbmln'g our w3y how ?"' . ' " No I" said Fane, rather brusquely " I must finish my work.', And he raised his hat courteously as husband 'and - wife in their turn salutedlhiih and walked away together He looked'after them for some minutes, noting with an artist's eye the swaying youthful grace of the woman's dainty figure, and: ."the'stiff . uncompromising squareness ofthe man's. " Hl-matohed in every way," he said to himself "She is too young; and he is too — oonoeited." Tho. same evening he was somewhat surprised -when Mr. Allingham oame np to ihim with almost an air of cordiality, ana invited mm to tags coffee, and a smoke afterwards, in that private part of the " Gutsoh" which had been- specially partitioned off for the soie-.use .and benefit of the newly- wedded pair. He went and was Bhyly welcomed by Mrs Allingham, who looked , more : like a small 'lost angel than .ever, attired in, a loose teagown of silky white,, adorned with- old lace, and sleeves of delicate chiffon. She sat a little apart, looking out through the creepers, whioh festooned tho verandah, .at the full moon, sailing slowly. -through white olouds over the heights of Sonnenberg. " Mrs. AUingham does not objeot to ' smoke " said Fane, courteously before lighting -hisifligar. Bhe turned her head, surprised; her husband laughed. .... " Well, 1 never asked her." he Baid " Rose/do you hear 1 Do you object to-'smok'e J.".- "Object? I? Oh no," she faltered, "Not at all I" .Her husband laughed again, and passed - the'liquers to his guest, who, -however, helped himself very sparingly Allingham' drank' off some cognao ana began to talk,, and presently brought round the conversation to tne subject of hiB- place in Norfolk — Dunscombe Hail. - "I have been looking," he said, With -a' pompUous air, "for a com petent person to matketches of the place;. ;Now2|Bk< am noti miataken'.thqt/iHBithe staff of cine of the pictbri ' " An. Fane adjnittejFVMfiaot. \ Thensipu .uuld be tbe very man ' ni rrmnWb ,ould not at all mind Y .q job if you would care rp- -.7-V-a.uettttK it." ' \ — .- 'rtwaB.. on the tip. of Fauo's tongue to say that' he .would see him first,- for the man's tone was so bumptiouS' and patronising ' as to he distinctly offensive. But glanoingat the delicate profile - of tho girl who leaned out. among the olambering ' vines, looking at the solemn beauty of the night, he restrained himself by an effort. " If, -.my engagements will allow me to accept any extra work I shall not objeot," he answered, stiffly, but I .Vimilil-liavA'lA Anmmnni(n.b wit.li mv editor first.!' "Oh, certainly, certainly," said Mr. Allingham, complacently. "Only: . if you do it at' all you must do it in Ootober.,', If you can't arrange that I must get-somebody else. 'Dunscombe Hall. is .n very fine subject . for an artist's pencil! It used to bo a monastery, and tbere are still somo rain's of the old cloisters in the grounds." And there is a showy bit of sketching always (it hand in the Haunted Mere." " Is it haunted?" 'I Well, they say' so," replied Alling ham, lighting his cigar. " I've never seen the ghost myself, but I am told that whenever tbere is to bo a death in , the family a lady appears in a boat on the water and beekens the departing spirit. All nonsense of course. But I rather like a family ghost." " And you ?" asked Fane of, Mrs, Allingham, seeing: that she turned towards them and was listening atten tively, " I cannot quite tell whether 1 do or not)" Bne eaia, ana no lanuiea no sawher trbhibla.. '.' 1 haye never been in a haunted house to my knowledge, and, of oourse, it Will be a neW ex perience." She, forced a .little Smile. "I did not know Dunscombo Hall had, a ghost." "IVeil, you. know now," so id her husband cheerfully. "But it is a ghost that never, oomes indoors. And the Haunted Mere is a mile off from tho house, so no one is likely to, make its acquaintance. You will lot'rqe know in good time, Mr. Fane, so alN whether you can undertake my com-s mission or not?" «n-ainly," j-ssSwa- ' er "y . ThRonversation then changed to othemnatters, and when they parted for." (ho night Fane thought. Mrs. Allingham looked very tired and sad. A great pity filled his heartforthe win some little creature who seemed mado for special tenderness and care, and who, despite tho faot of her married dignity, and such an air of pathetio loneliness about her. Poor little woman I" he mur mured, as-he strolled out by himself in the warm moonlight, before going, to. bed. "She has got a perfectly irreproaohable, commonplace prig- for a husband — ho will never do any harm, openly — never grudge her anything — never scandalise her in tho least— and He did not pursue the train oi his reflections — ho glanced at the moon, the tall straight pine trees, the dewy turf — then, with a sigh over what he, a3 a modern pessimist, was disposed to consider the " fairness and futility " of oreation generally, forgot evorythmg in a sound and dreamless sleep. (To be Continued on Wednesday.) 