Religious. God's Glery in the Skies. BY CANON H. SCOTT HOLLAND. "The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament showeth His handiwork. Day unto day uttereth speech, and night onto night showeth. knowledge. There is no speech nor language where their voice is not heard. Their line isgone oat through all the earth, and their words to the . end of the world. In them hath He set a tabernacle for the son, whioh is as a bridegroom coming onfr of his chamber, and rejoioethaa* strong man to ran a race. . . . The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul: the testi mony of the Lord is rare, making wise the simple."—Psalm xix. I—B and 7. Nothing can be more strange than that the amazing advanoes of scientific knowledge, whioh have reversed absolutely the relations of earth and sun and stars to one another, and have opened out distances which paralyse the imagination, should have had no power at all to drive away the immortal freshness of this early vision of the Psalmist, who looked out upon the scene with the eyas of a simplicity which was at once direot and manly and profound, It if to-day exactly what it wai to the first wondering shepherds who lay on lonely hills and watched the strange and silent movements that peopled the wide darkness of the heavens above their heads. SOU that vast and ordered hosts of atari pan bent* our eyes without a sound, and still that soundless motion speaks withontvoiee, so that all may understand. And than, again, that nrifhty pageant of the morning rehearses its part in all its ancient splendour. What, Indeed, oan ever dim its resounding wonder, that leap of the sun from its hidden bed, coming forth as a bridegroom oat of his chamber, rejoicing as a strong man to run his course I Nothing has happened to diminish its reality. It needs no gloss or qualification. Still it thrills tha souls of each newborn generation, exactly as at the first dawn, when the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Tbb Biumi Dbaka or thb Hbavsms. This immediate outlook upon Nature is independent of scientific elaboration* Tet what I would more specially notice to-day is that the whole stress of the Psahn is laid on that aspect of the natural world which it is ids work of science to emphasise and to extricate. For what is it that fills the singer with inch awe as he looks out upon the starry hosts or at the sun leaping from his bed? What is it that makes him so confident that "the heavens declare the glory of God and the firmament showeth His handiwork"? It is just the characteristic on which sdenoe fastens. It is the manifestation of law, of regularity, of reason. This it is whioh overpowers him. ••Day unto day uttereth speesh, and night unto night showeth knowledge" each arrives at its turn without disorder, without accident, or chance, or perplexity. There is about it all, as the mighty drama discloses itself, the calmness, the majesty, of rational knowledge. Each arrival, each departure, is known, is appointed, is osrtifisd. The day dies, but not as if it were lost or had blundered on its road. It passes off the stage on its delegated way, sura of its path fulfilled, quiet in the security that another will succeed in its due turn. And then the night, the night whioh might seem like some terrible shadow fiung across our lives, some doom that would swallow us up into vacancy—look at it!—it is full from end to end with reassuring voices, tor out move those glorious stars, each in its set order, each according to its office. Not ona faileth of all those thousand thousands. And that awful silence in which the tremendous soene pro* eeeds is more eloquent than words. Without sound each enters, passes, disappears, so fixed, so absolute the osrtainty of their motion. Is not this silence security ? Those heavens look out at us with all their starry eyes, as if they would say with one voioe. ''Wo know what goes forward] we know; all the secret is with us; all is well, trust God, be not afraid." Bo it is felt, charged with speech, this dumb night; it strains and pulses on the verge of words whioh it withholds. And so, too, with this leaping sun, this bride groom, whioh travels with such steady precision, with such unfaltering certainty, along the course set before him. Universal law acting in silence, with absolute security of rhythm. Tax Mtstic Eloquxkob or Law. That is the vision which overawes the Psalmist: and is not that the very essence, of our scientific presentation of Nature? But it is dumb, some say, as they gaze; dumb mechanism beating out an aimless task. Nay, we cry, with the Psalmist, silent it may be, but this perfect law, this undeviating order, this calm precision, this infinite regularity of succession, these disciplined forces, this rhythmic harmony, this balance, this precau tion, this response of day to day and night to night, that is intelligence, that ia reason, that is speeoh 1 Reason answers to reason as deep to deep. There may be no speech or language in these dumb motions, but for all that voices are heard among them, their sound goes out unto all the lands, and their words unto the ends of the world. So maoh for the vision of Nature; and then comes the Psalmist's momentous advance. Aa he watohe? with solemn glee this stupendous world of natural law he finds that he has bat to lift his eyes, and then above it, beyond it, allied to it, a corresponding world opens out —a world, too. of law, of certainty, of regularity, of order, no lets than the world of Nature. This higher order of life moves along the oourse set before it, and its laws never flag nor fail; no ohanoe confuses it, and no unruly aooident disturbs it. Man can oount on these laws with the same absolute validity as that with which he counts on sun rise or on sunset. And what is this wonderful world that spreads away on every side to this ancient watoher of the skies ? It is the world of oonsoioosness, the world of the moral law, the world of the religions spirit, the world of the fear of the Lord. Without a jar or break he passes over into this world from bis contem plation of the stars, so near is it, this spiritual life to. the natural, so entirely congenial with it; lo closely knit together! Follow on with the Psalm, and yon know what I mean. While the light of that glorious Bun is still before our eyes we have pasaed in within this new domain of the moral spirit, and we are acknowledging that the fear of the Lord is an undefilea law converting the soul; the testimony of the Lord is sure and giveth wisdom onto the simple; the statutes of the Lord are right and rejoioe the heart; the oommandmeni of th* Lord is pare and giveth light onto the eyes, and the feat of the Lord is clean and endureth for ever. Laws, statutes, testimonies, commandments— no<physioal world could be based on grounds more fixed and uniform and sore. It is sure, it never changes, it endureth for ever. These judgments are true, are real; therefore they are "more to be desired than gold, Tea, than much floe gold; sweeter also are they than honey in the honeyoomb." Through their universal veraolty they allow for instructed and disciplined knowledge. "By them is Thy servant taught, and in keeping of them there is great reward." Error, wrong, sin—these may be on his own side, but this does not shake the absolute authority of this reign of law without him. Only it makes him tremble lest even unwittingly he may have introduced any quiver of disturbance into this fabric of exqniaite and harmonious order. Who can tell how oft be offended, "O, cleanse Thou me from went thoughts," Law nt m Brrairou? Wobld. My brethren, oan we ntom lor ourselves thli mental temper of th« Psalmist? This world oi which 1m is speaking U what we ami spiritual, religious, supernatural, •ad m soon m we have touched saeh names m these we are bat too apt to recall aomcthing wholly unlike Nature, wholly oppoMd to scientific Uw or th« necessities of reason. Yet the PMlm supposes that the recognition of Uw In Nature governing its silent suooessions is the very road by which to pass to the trot recognition* of the Uw of God, whioh 1* the lift of the spirit, whioh is religion. Naturt will enable as to understand the supernatural. The OhristUn faith oannot split with the Psalms. Its whole appeal lies to them; it has pledged itself to be identical in spirit, in essenos, with theirs; the faith wbieh believes in Jesas Christ mast be able to identify itself absolotely with that faith in God whioh is disclosed in the Psalms of the Old Testament. Those in whom oar faith first sprang to life were steeped to the lips in the language of the Psalms, and oar own faith, in its devoted and passionate lore of the Psalms ever since, has given the indisputable proof that it finds its own oharaoter, its own form, its own essenoe, in their way of viewing life. The temper in whioh the Psalmist looked at Nature is certainly included and retained in the mind of the OhristUn faith. And if, then, it believes in miracle, it must mean that belief in Mature lands it in miracle. Just as the Psalmist, through his amaicd delight in the ordered sequences of Nature, found himself engaged in contemplating the laws of God for the soul—the fear of the Lord—to have we in the power of the same faith. Follow ing up the story of man's origin and development, and sin and weakness, we And ourselves to have arrived at belief in the incar nation of Jesus Christ, in His virgin birth, in His resurrection from the dead. That is the touchstone of true miracle The belief in it springs out of the same sources, capacities, and convictions by which you believe in the Divint witness of natural law. Grant that you possess a certain spiritual instinct which at sight of the smooth journey of the sun across the heavens compels you to move forward and pronounce, " I believe in God; the heavens declare His glory, and the firmament showeth His handiwork/ Well, it is to that very same instinct that we would make our appeal. We challenge you to say whether, as you press on under the discipline incurred by sin and sorrow, that same instinct does not bring you under the like necessity of pronouncing, " I believe in Jesus Christ, who was conceived by the Holy Ghost." For at all costs wt Christian* hold that the God of Nature and the God of miracle are one God, and that of necessity, therefore, the two must hang together. They must witness to the same origin, the same principles of work, the tame creative character. That is the temper of our dear Lord and Master, our Lord Jesus Christ, so sane, so self-controlled, so confident in tht steady and quiet motions of nature, which was His own Father's peculiar handiwork, He told us, in whioh and with which He works in intimate security. And that is the Christian temper. Our faith in Christ Jesus lays Urge and unfaltering trust in the veracity of human faculties, in the solidity of knowledge, in the reality of an instructed and intelligent ex perienoe. THK Void AND CONSCIENCE. Beloved, I would implore you, base your belief in Jesus on the oonviotion? that form the ground of yonr confidence in the stability and reality of life. Base it on that whioh is soundest in your reasonable manhood, on that wbiob is most wholesome, most assured in your thought; bnild it then as on solid land, not on the vague mm of your donbt and miitrut! Only remember, suoh a belief to bated matt be serious, for it impliee that this world of the oonsoienoe and of the spirit is governed by laws as fixed and sure, as universal, as those whioh govern the order of Nature. There is no trifling with these, no trusting to look or to chance. As fire boras, as water runs, so the fear of the Lord holds on its way with unde viating certitude. "Sore as the son in the heavens, sore as the son will rise to- morrow," so we say. Just saeh is the law of the Lori, the Uw of the moral life. It works with the same relentless aoeoraoy, with the same clear ness, with the same persistence; nothing can hold it back or torn it aside, or hide it, or deny it, or escape it, or defy it. There it nothing hid from the heat thereof. On and on it bears down upon us, and its light pieroes, and embraces, and searches, and reveals! We must stand in it! The soul is laid bear under it, wrapped round by that dread heat which burns its way in! Nothing can be hid t Ob, the severity of such a searching fire I Who can relieve the strain? Who can soften the flame? What may not we be proved to have done under such a scrutiny! Alas, we tremble with the Psalmist, we lift up his cry, " Who can tell how oft he offendeth ?" omy Ood. who alone can make me fit to meet Thy most strict demands, who alone can order the unruly wills and affections of sinful men, of Thy great mercy oleanse me from my secret thoughts 1 Austere the message, but it has its comfort too. For the law of Ood has broken the silence in which the laws of Nature plied their work. So dreadful that dumbnesj! Dumb the mighty sun, rushing on its flaming journey; dumb the vault of heaven with its Bpeeohless '•■ stars. Voices trembled on the verge, but they never came to our ears: and the silenoe has . terrified men until in their panic they have deemed the dumb world Godless. But now at last there is a voice heard i After wind and fire and earthquake have come.and gone, 10, there is a still small voice! It is the speech of, Ood, heard low and sweet by the heart of the* child. Through the law of the moral life Ood1 speaks, and our hearing, our understanding of that Divine speech we name Conscience. Conscience is our waking response to a speaking Ood: conscience is that whioh will start up from its slumber in the night and listen and cry, "Speak, Lordi for Thy servant heareth." Oh, the blessing of listening to that speech, the immeasurable relief of hearing at last a living voice in the silence I Ood has spoken a living speech to a living soul. Listen I Is He not speaking now? Brooding Nature has found its votee! What is it which it says so dear, so strong, so true? Ood spake these words and said, ** I am the Lord thy Ood; thou ohalt have none other god but Me; thou shalt not murder; thou shalt not steal; thou shalt not commit adultery; thou shalt love the Lord thy Ood with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as tlmeH," Bo Bespeaks, and conscience hears. Oh,to-d? it ya hear His voioe harden not your hearts! Queensland !> able to sopplyqoite anuunrat in maternal feelings—eat though the be *bJoh ii responsible. Says the Maekay Mercury :— "Probably the most knowing eat on: reoord it om to be foand at the Pioneer Hotel. She il saeklina three kittens and a rat. It it jog geited that she is making amends for killing the rat's mother, bat it is more reasonable to suppose that she is rearing a titbit for the kittens. Whaterer may be the explanation, she is a freak in the way of eats." . : . <- Amykot ia a new toilet r«qtUdU fast brought from ibe Continent into Aomalia, It ii recom mended *■ an nnpanllelei preparation for rinsing the month and an a gargle. By nuns it daily for cleaning the teeth and the month the freshneat of the goma will be preserved and restored* Toothache occasioned by decay will be prevented; In fact it makes the toilet of the morning and night a luxury, and has the most' delightful results, and it is an excellent preparation for the health and complexion, through keeping the epidermis clean. Price Is. 9d. per bottle, at all ohemitU'.—LAstt4: > 