A Remarkable Case. The -proceedings of the -Royal Commission appointed in Sydney for the re-trial of George Dean convicted of having administered poison to his wife, call to mind the half buried story of the Mount Rennie trial in which there was no after inquiry. In Dean's case great public pressure was brought to bear, and one of the strongest arguments used in favor of a re- trial was that the trial before Judge Windoyer was a parody on the forms of Justice. Many people held the same opinions respecting the Mount Rennie trial which was rushed through before the same Judge, who summed up strongly against the prisoners-just as he did against Dean and who took a hurried verdict from a jury exhausted to stupidity by day and night sittings, but the Mount Rennie prisoners were without in iluential friends and four of them went straight away to the gallows, while the others were sent to gaol for life. At that time the face of the law was set against any serious enquiry into the character of the Crown witnesses and in much the same way the irreproachableness of the characters of the witnesses against Dean was taken for granted at his, trial, but HE is in the fortunate position of having the past history of thoes who tried to put a rope around his.neck, thoroughly inquired into. Two of the witnesses against the Mount Rennie prisoners Stavley and Smith got into trouble shortly after the trial. Smith got sentenced to a long term of imprison ment for arson and Stavley only escaped gaol through a little matter connected with a cheque "being put right by his friends." Viewing the Mount Rennio trial in the present light, it is almost certain that had there been a re-trial, as in Dean's case, full light would have been thrown on the histories of some of the witnesses greatly to their disadvantage, and probably, the feet of the four youths who were executed would not have stood in the gallows of Darlinghurst Gaol. To find a parallel to the Mount Rennio trial, said the Right Hon. W. B. Dally. Q.C., one has to search the darkest and bloodiest days of Irish history. The manner in which the case was hurried through by the Crown was simply infamous. The counsel for'the prosecution got their statements in at the early part of the week when the jurymen were fully awake and able to understand what was said to them. When the, defence came on the Court sat for forty hours with only five and a half hours intermission. The prisoners, tired out, slumbered fitfully in the dock some of the lawyers dozed and even the jury men found it difficult to keep their eyes open continuously. When an adjournment was applied for at mid night by one of thee counsel for the defence he was told that unless the trial proceeded the jury would be kept over Sunday. And so the trial went on until the nine prisoners were found guilty and sentenced to death. The judge who presided at the trial and sent the lads to the gallows, quite recently lent the light of his counten ance to a solemn nquiry as to the authenticity of Mrs. Mellon's ghosts and was laughed at. The same Judge sent George Dean to the gallows but he has escaped that ignominious termination to his existence, and is in goal for life unless the present pro ceedings end in his acquittal of the crime he has been convicted of. So far as the investigation before the Royal Commission has proceeded the moral characters of Mrs. Dean and her mother have not come out spotless but as the case is " sub judice" we will not make any further comment at this stage beyond remarking that Judge Windeyer must feel a little uncomfortable in the light of recent disclosures. 