IbUTIS I \ i) F itiEIGN BIBLE ; S > MEI'Y. | T c inn ci t n s f th Be c'i orth | auxiliary of the > ">v so.-.i y » re oin- j -iii-nced ."v Suu .i. vit. r . o i, »h n tne c!iildr<m nf the uniied - Sundiy-scnnnls were assembled in the Oddfellows' Hall und.-r the preside cy of Mr. Datson. The unit -d church choirs having sung Saukey's 69th hymn, the Rev. F. Harris offered ui> pryer, after vhich rhc 465tli hymn was sung, ami th- chairman lhe<> read the firs: chanter uf tie G - pel according to Sc. J .hn, a ar. is t e 34th vers <. Mr H. Floyd m-x-6 sang a solo, and this vas followed ny the si >g"ig of iht; 512th hymn in Sa /key's book. The Revi dr. larris then delivered a brief address to the children, in the course of which he o welt up i.i the g odness of fvu ill gl T l'iv. ng I i|r; L/lUiv CkO (V UIUC UU us on our journey through this world to the next. In the beginning, when ma terial darkness overshadowed the earth, Go l -aid, " L-t there be light, an ! there was light." Then, wtmn the spiritual dark ness encompassed us, the Word was seat and those who studied it received light which enabled them to escape the snares and pitfalls by. the way, and to safely reach the haven of eternal life. In lan guage suited t> th >se whom he was addres-ing, the reverend gentleman urged upon the children tue duty of being thoughtful t the Almighty for having given us this guide, and the duty wlncn rested upon all — the young, na -veil as the old — to avail themselves of it ; and he reminded them that just as it was im portant in starting upon a journey, it was important that correct information should be obtained as to the road at the outset, so it was specially important that those enterinsr upon the iourner of life, as thev were, should make reverent and uiligent s'udy of thai word of God which was the only safe directing agency. The address of the Rev. Mr. Hirris ivas attentively listened to throughout, and apparently left its impress on the minds of the children. A collection was then made in aid of the funds , of the socie'y after which a hymn was sung by the choir, and a duet was beautifully . rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Boyd. Sankey's Hymn No. 575 was then sun.:, ana tno Benediction having been pronounced the afternoon meeting terminated. In the evening the uui'ed congregations of the Beechworth Churches assembled in 'lie hall, and the attendance was very large. The President of the Auxiliary, Rev. L. W. Lee, presided. The service commenced by the singing of 'he 197th 111 mn, after which Mrs. Boytl sang " The Better Laud," to this the 166th hymn succeeded and then a reading from the sacred Scriptures by the Rev. Mr. San ders. Mr. B. Couston then sang " Cal vary and there was a second Scriptural reading by the Rev. Mr. Cooper, followed by hyma 329. Then prayer was again offered and Saukey's hymn 45 was sung, after which the Rev. Canon Serjeant preached the sermon taking for his text the 105th verso of Psil-n cxix. — "Thy word is a lamn unto mv fe.it and a liolit unto inypath." T.ie Rev. Canon said : — Next to the gift of Cnrist to the world is the boon vouchsafed to us in the pos session of that volume which " holy men of old wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." Had this been withheld, man's spiritual outlook must for ever have been environed with darkness — a darkness as profound in the recesses of the soul as that which would envelop all nature were the sun to be blotted by the Omnipotent hand from the firmament itself. But, thank God, the Bible, as a sacred deposit, has been committed to us. It shines for our guidance. It sheds its benign light around our path, and whosoever receives it, with simple faith, to be enshrined in his heart, him it c >ndu3is unerringly (for it is Thy word, O God !) through the in tricacies. of this lower sphere — " the things seen and temporal" — onwards and upwards to the tearless home — " the things uuseen and eternal." Well may it be called " tlie King of books," as having emanated, portion by portion, through distant and successive periods, from Him who is King of Heaven and King nf love. It is indeed wisdom from the Throne. From the counsels of the Triune Essence it has come down to us, to convey joy to the sorrowfu', comfort to the contrite, peace ti the care-worn, repose to the weary, hoalth to the sin-sick, and life to the spiritually dead in trespasses and sins. It bears upon its front the impress of God, the fragrance of Heaven, the stamp of immortality, the sweetness 'and har mony of a Divine mind occupied in the scheme of redemptive love for the re trieval of humanity fallen, but not aban doned, as might have been expected, irretrievably, to merited perdition. From Genesis to Revelation it speaks of Jesus, " Hint first, Him last, Him without end." Jesus, " the seed of the woman that should bruise the serpent's head," the coming One in whom all the families of the earth were to bo blessed, " the star out of Jacob," the true victim prefigured by Abel's offering ; by every sacrifice in Patriarchal or Mosaic dispensation ; Jesus, Imraanuel, "wounded for our transgres- sions, and bruised for our iniquities ; the Angel of the Covenant — the Word, pre-existent in the bosom of the Father, but tabernacling in our flesh ; living to weave, by His spotless obedience to the law, a vesture of righteousness for our spiritual nakedness ; dying for our sins, rising for our justification, ascending as our High Priest and Intercessor, and by His incarnate touch rolling back for all believers the overlasting doors which sin had barred. Beyond the reach of thought is our indebtedness to the Bible. What, could we know of the origin even of the globe we inhabit with out .the .information which the first verse of the first Book of Moses imparts ? "In the ' beginning, God created the heaven and the. earth.". The most gifted authors in the ages of ' the past, who studied and wrote for the instruction of marilfinrl rnnld .not; tell ns that. Indeed. if we accept the travelled and exparienced Dr. Kitto lis ah authority in this matter, the . doctrine involved in the clause just cited," is hailed . with delight in the schools of Pagan youth to this very day as " a mighty doctrine," when for the first time Jt sounds. in the ears of those who had been all along under the' impression that this our terrdstial" ball was self- created. Surely, brethren, right and fit ting it is that we," to whom has been accorded from. our. youth the priceless privilege, God's Book, should testify our gratitude to the; Giver of all by conveying to others the knowledge it imparts ; nor can we do this more effectually, perhaps, than by enrolling o.drselves among the friends and co-workers of that noble Institution, in whose behalf we are met nere to-ntgnt — -an juisuiuuon wnose one specific aim it is, with reverend hand, to scatter" the " leaves for tlie healing of the nations to sow-far and wide in faith and prayer the incorruptible seed of the word destined, with the dew of God's blessing, to 'bring forth fruit to the glory of hU Son and ' the salvation of souls. What should we know of. God", of .Christ, of the Holy Spirit ? What of ourselves, or of. the cause why evil is so .'interfused with good in this lower sphere ? what of our destiny beyond the precinctsi of the grave but for the-. Bible? Nothing as we ought to know. In saying this, he who addresses you has no desire" to "depreciate the capa bilities of him whom God originally 'made but little lower, than the angels. Not for one moment even would lie seem to dis parage the po -vers of ' that subtle intelli gence with which man is endowed. Far from it. No one in liis senses would refuse to admit the potency of its energies as employed on the material and the visible, whether in earth, or sea, or sky. Restrict your, view to this area, aDd candor compe's us to acknowledge that its triumphs are on every side. But here is to bo found the limit of its conquests. " Man by wisdom knew not God." True, the bulk of mankind t.were ever aware of the existence of a greab and mysterious and superhuman Ruler. It is " bh« foul that: lias i said in his heart, No God." iYocal of His attributes : is mature' in all Iter w rks. I'll-; tilings or.-ated, the -sun t :at r litis t'trt day an I the silver moon tnar governs the inght the stars m their c ur.s-s through tlie ulue firutamen , the vicfsiiudes of the seasons and the .-na uel of the landscape,' '-the rains that cause fruibfulness and the breezes that bring health — all unite to proclaim that most obvious truth,- God is. But the acuteit of wic llcnl'llcll MlcW JLILIU ll'Jb \\\ 1UU dp proach to accuracy, as regards His real nature.'" They knew not the manner of His relation -to them, or the character and extern- of their responsibilities as His ratmnal creatures. As an exemplification of this fact,- ler. us glance at the nation, whose capital the great apoatle visited, as re ated in Acts xvii. - Tne Hellenes s and forth in St. Paul's writings as a synonym for universal heathendom. And not without cause. Thev were the most con: spicuous for wisdom and ability among the people of antiquity. For long cen turies the lays of: chetr great poet fur nished a storehouse of historic incident and varied erudition: - The Iliad and- Odyssey was treasured by the men of those days far more than the Bible now is by multitudes of so-called Christians. To be ignorant of the poems referred to was to be, in the estimation of those times; a person destitute of all culture and educa tion. From this so irea -vas drawn the th ology that swayed them. Bub oh ! how profound tne Cimmerian dark ness in which they groped. Lia-m fr un the sequel how debasing were their notions of God. Mark how deeply they needed the divine gift vouchsafed to us as " a lamp to their feet and a light to tneir paths." Among their numerous Divinities Zeus is supreme. But he has no more than a derivative life, and the duration of his being seems dependent, as LA1J1II I ULpivbo IllllJf -Ml ultv llvUllVl WIllv'l lie drinks and the ambrosia he eats. He is in shape a man bearing a sceptre in one hand and thua ler in the other. His home is Mt. Olympus which lie some times quits for the pleasures of a revel ; and the tenor of his conduct from the be ginning to end of the scrutiny one cares to devote to him, is such as too clearly evinces that the theistic qualifications in his composition are lamentably sub ordinate to the human. In brief, my brethren, this Zeus is a fierce nature, powerful and wicked. The homage he receives is extorted by blind terror alone. Compare with this " king of gods and meu" — this air-built dreatn of capricious fancy — the God of the Scriptures ; and it will at once be seen that the chasm be tween them is as wide as between a clod of the valley and the bright morning-star. The God of the Bible — what is his name ? "I am that I am" — Jehovah, the self existent, whose symbol is the light, whose essence is lnve. He is from everlasting to. everlasting, " without body, parts, or passion requiring those who worship Him, " to worship Him in spirit and in truth. Whither can we fl -e from his pre sence?" Says the Psalmist, "If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there ; if I make my bed in Sheol, behold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost par s of the sea ; even there shall Thy hand lead ine, and Thy right- hand shall hoi t me (Psalm 139, 8-10). Filling a'l space with His omni presence, He not only sustains the Seraph in his flight, but imprints on the wings of the insect its spangled beauty and gloss. Numbering tha stars in their om niscience, He numbers also the hairs of our head. Directing in his omnipotence the velocity of the planet, He cares for the sparrow that falls to the ground. What a God is this, whose attention the worm shares as surely as the Archangel ! Holiness, purity, justice, mercy, in the infinitude of perfection are his inalienable attributes. — But extend the inquiry. Tne God of the Scriptures — What is He ? "The Lord our God is one Ltrd." One Lord ? Yes, One and indivisible. And yet in the unity of the Godhead there are Three Persons, or Hypostases — the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The Father loved the world. And in per fect congruity with the design of the Father, the Son, that beam of His own essential brightness, "Very God of very God," came to this earth, "born of the seed of David according to the flesh who now from His mediatorial throne imparts the Holy Ghost, the Author and Giver of Spiritual life, without whose immanency and sanctifying grace, no man may pass through the " gates of pearl " to the " golden city " of the saints. And notice, my brethren, if you please, it is the Triune God who makes the first a i- vance to reconciliation with creatures in rebellion, invites them to himself, and yearns after their recovery. This grand characteristic of the religion of the Bible is unique. There is no hint of such a thing, so far as the speaker before you is informed, in any other book ; not in the Vedas, nor in the Zendavesta, nor in the volumes to which the Confucians and Chinese appeal, nor elsewhere among the productions of the brain of man, independent of the writings of the Old and New Testaments. A nd why not ? Because it was utterly be yond the capacity, the scope, the reach of human conception. It is among the things that not only never have, but IIcVol LUUIU UdVC UlluCtCU ill IU lllo uninspired mind. But if the lamp of Revelation was needed to give us right notions of God as a pure Spirit, from everlasting to ever lasting — of God as a Father aud a Com forter, ineffably compassionate, not will ing that any should perish, but rather that all should come to repentance and live (the glorious Trinity devising means for the retrieval of human kind), it3 luminous direction was not leas indispens able for travellers through a wilderness overshadowed by death, to beep them from falling and guide their dubious foot steps into the paths of safety and of peace. The Psalmist possessed but a fragment of what we now possess of Holy Writ ; and yet that fragment was for him an effective " light to his paths and lantern to his feet ; " how much greater are our Driviic£»e3. inv Brethren, wholivo not in the jreydawn of the Old Testament teaching, but in the full blazs of the gospel of Christ. The pages which glow with inspiration from the first sentence of the Scripturas to the closing verse of their completion aro accessible to us, to teach us what we are — to solve the enigmas of this state of probation, and animate us to oursue our pilgrimage in patience and in aith to a world where all is light, and the discord of time shall give place to1 the harmony of eternity, the vision of Jesus, and the converse of "just men made perfect" in heaven. 0 happy, thrice happy people if only we knew and valued our blessings. The heathen had them not. The book of nature was alone open for their illumination, and it proved insuffi cient. They " worshipped devils." They i.'j ee Ji- — j i — J j> Hd>ll gULla lUcluy, ullU iUlUo IlltiUy — "Apollyon, Baalim, Beelzebub, Bel, Dagon, Cheinosh, Nisroch, Ariocit, Merodach, Moloch, these, aud countless more, with hosts of spirits subordinate to each. Each region had its dynasty of gods." Wo have seen what in the elegant mythology of Greece their Zeus was, aud what the type of their worship. Quailing at His feet, the devotees of that idol looked in terror at the bolts which bis red right hand might launch against themselves ; bub never, tor an instant, would they regard him as capable of being moved by the s ;ntiment of pity, much less of taking tho initiative in an overture of good-will to mankind. In .tho words of De Quincey: — "Because Olympus was cruel,' earth trembled ; be cause > the divine beings wore the most lawless of Thugs, the human being became the moat abjectof sycophants." And yet what country had beon more distinguished by civilization and refinement, by philo sophy, by architecturfi, by painting and oy eloquence cnan n.cnens i in an tnese accomplishments the Greeks were pre eminent. Could more convincing evidence be adduced to show us that not by such acquirements nor by such culture, not by a. : wisdom which Gosl i accounts foolishness" is our world to be regene rated, bub by the transforming influences of His Spirit, the Gospel of His Grace; the "more excellent way" which the Bible makes known: - 1 If from the refined and versatile Greeks we turn our attention to their Roman conquer. irs, .ve shall find ample illustra tion of the fact that the morality of a nation takes its complexion trom the character of their worship. It is in the nature of things, impossible that the ethics of the Heathen should exhibit an ascendancy over the morality of their uivintties. The Mercurtus adored by the Romans may be cited in confirmation of t.iis statement. From his very cradle, as tneir theologists represent him, he was an adopt in dishonesty. He. is a god, be it ohserved, and the messenger of sods; but this Mercury. , is the patron of thieves! Wheu only a day old ho dis played, in the . belief, of the masses, matchless cunning and skill. How? In his mode of stealing cattle from a herd which belonged to his hrnthnr A mil In I We are not surprised that Apollo was angry— that he complained and bent his bow with vengeful intent. But it was all to no purpose, for Mercury mean while had stolen his arrows. As the pro- lector of rogues he was worshipped. The opulent merchant whose light covered rheda was whirled by Gallic palfreys along " the quBen of roads," equally with the rough burglar, and the pettiest pil ferer, presented petitions at his shrine. And petitions for what ? For pardon on account of past frauds, aud for more adroitness as cheats in the future. O, brethren, wheu next we are tempted to talk arrogantly of the ligh'j of nature, let us recur in thought to these nations and be dumb. Ho v refreshing to quit these fictions and debasing superstitions of tho Pagan mind for the pure utterances and ele vating lessons of Apostles and of Christ. It is an apostolic injunction. " If thine enemy hunger, feed him ; if lie thirst, give him drink." There can be no ques tion whence that teaching "comes. It breathes of Heaven. It had its source in the heart of God. The penman wrote as he was-moved by the Holy Ghost. Love is the very pith and marrow of the Chris tian religion. Above all graces love is exalted ; for " love is the fulfilling of the law." It is right to be angry s onetimes. The Saviour was angry when He drove the traders from the temple. But the anger of the Christian is to be like that of Jesus, righteous. " Be ye angry, and sin not. Let not the stin go down upon your wrath" — upon your irritation as an abiding element. It might foster revenge, and there rnnst be no revenge. "Vengeance is mil tc, I will repay, saith the Lord." The tongue ami the temper must be curbed. " Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamor, and evil speaking (a common sin of the natural man) be put away from you, with all malice ; and be ye kind one to another, tender hearted, forgiving one another, as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you." What more ? " Let every mail speak truth with his neighbor ; for we are nieinb rs one of another." " Let him that stole steal no more, but rather let him labor, working with his hands the thing that is good, that he may have to give to him that necdeth." Cultivate " whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report ; if there be any virtue, and if there beany praise, think of those things." And if the disciple could speak thus, how matchless the grace, the sweetness and snblimity attaching to the instructions of the Great Master. Read with attention the Sermon on the Mount, and what a string nf pearls delight < the mind's eye — celestial pe iris — each of great price. Muse on the instruction suc cessively unfolded, with prayer for the ability to penetrate its depths, and the confession must rise spontaneously to y >ur lips, "Never matt spake like this man." "Lord, to whom shall we go, thou hast the words of eternal life." Thy words, thy deeds, thy prophecies, thy life so eloquent of Go I, equally as the stupendous accompaniments of thy death demonstrate thee, " the King of glory, 0 Christ." Not less than an admission of this grand verity, surely, in spite of him self, is that outburst »f admiring panegyric with which even Reuan closes his evil but talented work, " The life of Christ": "Rest now in thy gl >ry," he exclaims, " noble initiator. Thy work is completed. Thy Divinity is established. Thon wilt become to such a degree the c-iruer-stone of humanity, that to tear thy name from this world would bo to shake it from its foundations. Between thee and God men will no 1-mger distinguish. Complete conqueror of death, take pos session of thy kingdom." But " the name which is above every name" — this sacred name of Jesus, " to tear which from the world would be (as Renan expresses it) to shake its founda tions," is being spread throughout its every nook and corner by the gigantic, far-reaching, and well nigh ubiquitous labors of thar federation of Christians, known as the British and Foreign Bible Society. A concise view of its origin, and of the Bible distributing Societies al ready existent at the time of its formation may not be amiss at this special assem blage of the Bible-loving united Congrega tions of Beechworth. Be it observed then that in the category adverted to " The Society for the promotion of Christian knowledge" is, first, entitled to be placed. Uuder its patronage (its date is 169S) Bibles were circulated both at home and in the East Tndies. Add thatat its expense were printed the New Testament in Ara bic— the sacred volume entire in the Manx language and four editions of the same in Welsh. Three yeare later (in 1701), what may be designated lis offspring, " The Society for tho Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Part," com menced its career of usefulness. Next, in 1709, appeared "The So ciety . in Scotland for Propagating Christian Knowledge." At tlie expense of this association the Scriptures were translated into Gaelic. Its operations ex tended over the Highlands of Scotland, the adjacent islands, and a part of North America. And next, in 1750. we meet. with " The Society for Promoting Re ligious Kno wledge Among the Poor and, next, "The Bible Society," which in 1780 was instituted for the sole use of the array and navy of Great Brit tin. This society distributed na books otla -r than the Scriptures. Then in 1785 came into existence " The Society fpr the Support and Encouragement of Sunday-schools and then the society in whose interests we are convened on this occasion. How and under what circumstances did it originate ? The earliest movement towards its inception was in the year of our Lord 1787\. Such was the scarcity of Welsh Bibles at that period that the wants of the Principality could nob be supplied. Some assistance was obtained from the Venerable Society for the Promotion of Christian lAUvinicuo uuu iu wrta ubtciij' luavicij utvue. Tlie demand for Bibles continued to in crease, an! subsequently, by dint of per severance and importunate appeal, the S. P. 0. K. was prevailed on to pass an order for a new edition of the Welsh Bible to the number of 10,000 copies with 2000 extra Testaments. The grant, after all, afforded but a partial irrigation from the waters of life ; and it was when every avenue to further success was closed, so rar as cue o. l .u.jo.. was con cerned, that an idea was conceived and evolved which laid the foundation of a permanent supply of tlie Holy Book. Ati itinerant minister, the Reverend Thomas Charles, was the honored instrument in producing this result. Ha was deeply interested in Sunday- schools, and in his eagerness bo procure a sufficiency of Bibles for this work of Christiau philanthropy he ventured to suggest to those with whom liis travels brought hint into con tact that they should contribute, each of tllcul) cimuio ii itu tu ii. i n i» and apportion as many copies of the Scripture as might be necessary for the children under such instruction. By chance (as we say), or more correctly, in the providence of God, a circlo of friends was one day quite unexpectedly gathered together, when the question of Bibles again came up for discussion. Mr. Cnarles was : present, and' while he was entering into it with his usual ardor, the happy thought occurred to one of his audience, the Rev. Joseph Hughes (whose name was subsequen ly prominent in connec tion with the . society) that an effort should be made without delay to stir, the public mind to a recognition ; of the duty incumbent on believers , in , the Lord Jesus Christ to combine for the general, and not merely -for. tho. local dis- persion of the Book of God. "vThe proposal was received with' instant favor. . ; From these small beginnings' we are to trace the dawn of those measures .which : resulted in the establishment of the vBritish"-; »nd Foreign Bible Society in 1802:-- Its steady, growth and development from that time to this — the victories it has achieved through its numerous ramifications north south east and west — the linguistic at tainments enlisted in its cause, and immoncft.v nf tho inflnenn.A ir. wipldss Fnr good, have attracted to it the homage of the churches, and cannot bet" command (it is reasonable to expect) tho admira tion and love of Protestant Christendom. To put into the hands, or at any .rate to bring wiihin the reach, of every man, woman and child, wherever located on this planet a copy of the Bible, in their own language, is the object at which it aims. And it is this exclusive circulation of the Bible iu a sphere of action coter minous with the habitable globe, that distinguishes it emphatically from the preceding Associations of which mention has been made. For this it labors ; to this its activities aro directed, and will be, we may depend upon it, until this momentous and magnificent end has been accomplished. While, then, my brethren, we are bound by the most solemn obligations to be co-workers with this society in multi plying Bibles, that the shining of God's word may dissipate the thick darkness in which myriads of our fellowmen in far off climes are to this day, enshrouded, let us see to it that those at, home, as they jour ney through life, are furnished with this essential equipment, " this light for their path, and lantern to their feet." If, as is conceded, a responsibility which we dare not ignore, pertains to us in reference to the former, who will deny that a res ponsibility still greater, if possible, de volves on us in respect of the latter. We profess our belief that in the Bible, and tlie Bible alone, is to be found that wis dom which is capable of making wise unto salvation. Is it right, then, let us ask, is it prudent, is it politic — above all, is it loyal to the Kings "f kings who gave us the volume, lazily to acquiesce, as so many of us do in its exclusion from our schools ? Fruitful and beautiful is the sunny land of Victoria — a land of pleasantness and boundless resources — destined, we believe, yet to rise to eminence among the nations if only the fear of God pervade its people. But how can this fear penetrate the masses so long as the Bible in this colony is by the State discarded to the utmost a an element of instruction for our youthful population. To " tear Ghrist' s name from this world" is, as we have seen, in the judgment of a great intellect previouslv cited, " to shalce it from its foundations." A ii'ible testimony. But what have our rulers done ? Friends of the Bri ish and Foreign Bible Societ /, can you hear or it, or think of it, or speak of it without the blush of shame ? Victorian legislation lias expunged " the name that is above every name" from the books intended for the education of your children. What is this but to shake the colony from its true fulcrum, and make thoughtful men tremble for its future? 0 the anomaly! 0 the riddle we present to a clou-l of witnesses in Heaven and in earth that are marking our action ! Wo toil with unflagging zeal to put the Bible in the hands of he stranger, in whatever quarter between the two poles, but withhold it deliberately, severely, from onr own flesh and blood ! Disciples of Chriit, believers in immor tality what are you about 1 By legisla tive enactment Victorian hoys and girls are growing up in this professedly Chris tian country us the boys and girls in the schools of heathendom, spiritually un tutored, us if Heaven and its op posite were the wild fictions of poets, and death would he to them what it is to an ox, to a sheep, to a dog, the extinction of being. No.v, -if the Bible lovers in this country would, so far as their united suffrages can do it, sand those as thrnr representatives to Parliament, and those only, wio would transform our schools by the introduction of toe Book of God, my conviction is.it would do more to resusci tate this colony, and wipe f-om eyes that now weep, the tears of grief, than all else that could be devised. The rising genera tion might be brought under its light. Men might be ins'igatecl by that voice from above (for such is the Bible) to "do justice, to love mercy, and walk humbly with their God." Strikes would disappear, and charity greatest of graces be uplifted as supreme. Masters would b taught to " give unto their servants that which is equal, forbearing threatening, knowing that they also have a Muster in heaven." And servants to be " obedient bo them that are their masters according t.o the fles'i, not with eye service as nun- pleasers, but in singleness of heart fearing God " Here is th« remedy for our depres sion — for the disquis' and unrest under urhiM"! wft ;iro or.uinmiY. O th.lt Olir StutGS- men would try i' ! 0 that they would thus give proof of their respect for Jehovah's Revelation — that they would be instructed themselves by its precepts, and let the light break wi houc hindrance on the children of thi land ! i'hett would it be well for us. Victoria now tossed with trouble would b- br ug it back to her stay and her anchor. Instead of the complaining now heard in our streets, prosperity would descend on u < with heal ing in its wings, an I the ruffled brow of sullen discontent would rilux into the smile of serenity and peace. The collection was next tuketi up, and the singing of the fill'-h hymn, having been followed by the benediction, tho service of the evening terminated. The collections at thu afternoon service amounted to £1 5s. 7-H, and at that in the evenins: to £4 ls. 7Ad., Mr. A. H. Stewart acting as organis . The annual celebration of this associa tion was continued on Monday evening with a social tea meeting for workers an i friends in the Independent Sunday School room, followed bv a public meeting at the Independent Church, at which a number of clergymen of various denomina tions assisted. The annual report a >d balance-sheet were adopted, aud office hearers elected for the e siiing year. Votes of thanks to the retiring officers and members of cooimutee, also to th" ladies who had ac ed as c illecfcors, and the ladies and gentlemen who had offici ated as secretaries to the various branches, were unanimously passed with hearty ex pressions of approval. The chairman, Rev. L. \V. Lee, opened the meeting with a few appropriate remarks, ancl addresses were also given by some <»f the minis ers present. The pleasure, of the eveirng was much enhanced by the exquisite rendering of several selections by the coir, and t.lu- proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the ministers and other speakers. An extended report will appear in our next issue. A Rabbit Battue. — On Saturday week a party of members of the Melhourne and Warigaratta llifle clubs and friends left Wangaratta in a coach and live at. 2.20 a.m. and reached the rabbit groves oi Hurdle Creek about 5.30. After a nearby breakfast and a good warm at the Bre, the party, numbering 13 guns, went into the hills. In three and a half hours they shot 466 rabbits, mainly in two paddocks. Mr. James IvIcLeod, of Kdlawarrn, put up highest record of 93 rabbits; Mr. Mills, or Melbourne, a good second witn 73\. Messrs. Guinu, Mauley, Kelsall, and others made also very good records. — ". Chronicle." ' Success of " Fairfield." — At the New South Wales Royal Agricultural Society's show Mr. C. H. Morris was successful iu gaining four prizes with his well- known Hunter, Fairfield, who was placed first For llsb. Hunters, 13s t. Hunters, Gent's Hack and Lady's Hunter. 