SPORTING NEWS. INTERNATIONAL CRICKET. THE FINAL TEST MATCH. AUSTRALIA v. ENGLAND. A GALLANT VICTORY FOR ENGLAND. WON BY SIX WICKETS. TOP SCORE BY BROWN. WABD SCORES 93. DETAILS OF THE PL Al. [Bx TBLKGBAPH.] (FBOU OTJB CORRESPONDENT.) ME&BOOBNK;, March 1. The fifth t»Bt match between Stoddarts English erioketers and Australia wa« eora« menoed to-day. The match was to deoide the rubber, each team having won two matches, and the exoitsment was unparalleled. The Melbourne Cricket; Ground caretaker had provided a splendid wicket, and the day was a perfect one, being fine and oool. There wa* a record attendance. The tow was anxiously watohed.and there was great joy and satisfaction in the Australian camp when it teas known that Giffen had won. The Ans* tratians therefor* deoided to bat and make the most of the fdvoarabla oiroam etances. Bruce, the brilliant left, and H. Trott were the first to f «ce the bowling of Richardson and Pee', which had the effect of keeping down the soorinv for dome tims, both batsmen playing cautiously. Eventually Bruoe opened out, and was cutting and driving in his well known brilliant style when he put one up from Peel in the slips, which was smartly held by McLaren. Trott in the meantime had given a obanee, when he made 19. Geo. Giffen joined Trott, and the soore mounted slowly bnt surely,' both "playing the game." Ocaasionally Trott would bit out to a loose one, and would be cheered for a boundary -hit. The soore had reached the century when the cunning Lancashire man, Briggs, beat Trot\ who r*. tired for a well played 42, which took him an hoor and 20 minutes t-j complete. Iredile joined Giffen, and hs appeared weil set when a fast one from Richard- son scattered his timbers. 3-8-126. Giffen, who was then oBs'omted with Gregory, was playing nioely when Peel beat him, and he retired for a well played 57. He never gave the ghost of a obanoe and was two hours and a quarter at fte wickets. With four good wicket« flown for 150 things wera only moderate for tbe Austral an*, bnt the next partnership, betwean Gregory and Darling, pot a diffe eat com- plexion on the game. Both men played steadily, and gave no ohanoeB. The score slowly mounted to 282 when stumps were drawn for the day, both batsmen being in tbe seventies. MELBOURNE, Marah 2. Long before noon the crowd flocked to the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and all points of vantage were qoiokly filled by tbe enthusias- tic, eager multitude. The attendance was immense, and estimated at over 30,000. The weather was all that oonld ba desired. Gr -gory and Darling, tbe not out men, resumed, and Peel opeued to Darling, who drove the second ball for a oeuple, and snicked the third ball. Ford in tbe slips made a splendid catch with bU loft hand. Scorn 5-V4-284. Dorbng made bu ecore by first cuss and brilliant oiioket LyonB joined Greg -ry and gotaconple of tingles, whin another misfortune befell the Australians, Gregory getting in front of Richardson, and unluokily tipped oui of the express bails and was caught behind the wioketa. Soore 6-70-286. Darling mide nine and Gregory eight fours. Graham was next b*tsm*n. LyonB made a few shaky strokes and then settled down to beautifully olean strokes. Graham got Rtohardson to tbe fence and after tvo eingleB he retired, caught by Phillipson. Soore 7-6-30ft. A. E. Trott commenced with tome capital strokes, but Richardson was keeping dowa the runs and the fielding was Boperb. Lyons was hit tins; out freely with the «core at 335, when the Englishmen saoeaeded where they had previously failed, by Lookwood catohmg Trott off Peel. It was an easy ohanoe. Lyons had 45 when Jarvie join* d t.im, and the partnership added 35 to the total before Lyon* recaived bia quietus, Phillipson catching him t<m yards behind the .tickets. Soore 9-55-367. Lyons batted an hour and ten minutes, and made seven fours. MoKibbin, the last man, created a surprise by a brilliant exhibition of batting. He was in- cluded in the team solely for bowling, bnt made s une very finished strokes before he gave Peel ao ea<ty obanoe, whioh he aooepted. His score of 23 was a praiseworthy one. Jarvis a'so played a good innings for 34 not out. The innings closed for 414. Richardson took 3 wickets for 138.* Peel 4 for 114, Look wood 1 for 72, Briggs 2 for 46. At five minutes past 3 o'olook the English j men commenoed tbeir innings, Ward and BrockweU faoing Giffen and H. Trott. .Some surprise was created when the latter was pat on, but a tremendous cheer greeted biß first hall, as Jarvis smartly stumped Brookwell. 1-5-6. Stoddart filled the breach, and so cautious were tbe batsmen that only 25 rans were made in the first half hour's play, ll being «ingle«. Then Stoddart woke np, and at 45 A. Trott relieved his brother atid MoKibbin relieved Giffen. The seemed tho roughly set, wken H. Trott took the ball fr*m bíB brota er again at 04. Stoddart wai splendidly stump sd by Jar« vis off - H. Trott. Soires 2-68-110. Stoddard made b a saore by oriokat whioa was simply pvrfeot. He b ittad an hoar and thirty-eigat minutes, m<kiag nevon foors, and soor jd off 36 bal*. Brown did n it enjay W*ard'a company for long, aB only two were added to tbe total wh»n ta« Utter was bowled by MoKibbin. He batted two hoars f >r 32,4>ut never seemed at hom* . with MiKibbio. Molt wen laid well about bim when he j lined Brown. The latter had only hem in 38 minute*, when A. E. Trott, who hid relioved his brother at 141, clean bowled him. 8oore 4-30-116. McLaren and Peel (played ont time, play being slow. The soore was then 4 for 200. The day'* receipts were £1,331. MELBOURNE, Marah 4. Th* interest tn the test match is unabated. The match so far has been played entirely on its merita and from present indioitiom it seems likely to be carried on to a, oonolueion under the same favourable conditions. The weather ta-day was warmer than ou the pre* vious days, but a perfect day for ari sket. Tao wicket was equal ta that of Sttard*?.; McLaren and POHI resumed to the bowling of A. Trott and MoKibbin. The latter etnok up the batsmen from tht ««art and aU first over aboujd have gained him a wi -kit, ai MoLaran was beaten ad the woy. T' i% left an opening for Jarvis ti stamp, ba* Jarvis w<s es much surpri- ed with the b»ll a« the batsmtn wa«. The batsmen had to witch every ball, but fra^ queul ly gol both-bovins ou' and thirty rats wer«scored m twenty-five minn es. MoKibbin wat taken « Cf wbeu 62 rans ti«d been made'. H « retiral in favour of Griffin. Tin Ans. tralimcaptain bowled remarkably welland frequently stock no t e batsmen. At 267 Brnoe.repla .el T.-ott. The battiag waa n t fre> frovi blemi-h, for P el wis missad off 0 ffen by Iredale in the 1 ur fitld, and McLaren h*d a uair>w eècipe fr m h*»ttr oaoght by Giffen off h'mself, Giffen ho ng handiospp -d by a very sore thumb on the right baud. Sixty runs were oompi'el io an h-»ur, and af <?r lunch the Englishmen's coorcs ware beginning to look ominous, the present partnership having put oa 163 runs: but the unexpected happened, and fat» over, took. Peel, when be was at his best. H-) jumped oat to a tempting ono from'Giffen, and was sm irtly oanght by Gregory. Peel had batted twa hoars a» fl forty minutes. H* mide elah* fon's. T e record , was 5-75-328. After this t .e English «en fe 1 to pieoes. and the remahvng five wickets only put on 57 ws, Giff.n having fall comm »nd o' tho wicket. L>ok woorl, Who. f dlowed. dil not d> much, but MaLareu, nude. things livelv. At 312 H. Trott Wes put oa, and tn Giffjn'a next over H. Trott, who wis shifted io short square le?, aútcrht a sh&rp; one from Lockwood. 6-5 -342. Ford followed and wa* badly missed hy Giffen in tbe slips off Tritt.;. He ion1; one back to Giffen, who oaug'it it end th e*1 it up. bat Flvnn rote! it not out. Bot a little 1 >t ir Ford was c rasrht hy A. Tr^tt off Giffen ia the sjips. Saore 7-ll 364\. Briggs did not enjoy MoLtreu's com. pany long, a* the latter hit ths witkot whi e iroing back at H. Trott. Seora 8 120-364. His retirement after three boure and four minutes, 'was g'e>*ed with hearty appltus^. Pbilipsm soured two and Briggs hf s without breaking b:e dock, putting Gffen in'o H. TrottV hand*. Th* excitement wa' intense, as B/ohaHson farad Giffen. Wit. tin defioienoy of 29, Ricaardeon put Mi l»g in front to H. Trott, and all were out for 385. There was over 20 000 spectators on thu ground wh-n the Au'ira'ia-u oonmenced the'r innin?a at 4.20, Br'fe and H. Trott fae in? Rvjharlß'n and Pe 4. Buns came fast, but Bru-a crt har lpn to Peel aid hit it b»ok to tbe bawler. . Soore 1-11-32, Giffen and Trott played ont time in spite ol several changos of bowling, th A soore at drawing stnmns b ing 1 for 69. The takingc amounted to £375. MELBOURNE, March 5. Th) weather might truly be desoribed at beastly when »he proceedings opened for the fourth dav. The «tendance was considerably less than usual. Th; receipts were £480 and about thirteen thousand people were present, Blinding «louds of dust -were sent along by strong north-wfiBt winds. Th? afternoon however ww fin«. H. Trott and Giffen resnmed-to the bowling of Lockwood and Peel, the 8ùrréy express man. with the wind at hit baok. Trott had only made five, bringing his score to tbe same figuraas in tbe first innings, when Peal got p«ss him. Soo^e 4-42 -75. Iredale followed, and at 105 Lockwood was replaced by R^oba-dson and Briggs took the ball from Pe lr The firat hone's play only brought 48 ruas, aid eh rtly before lunch Ir?dal« oolied Richardson on. Score 3-18 127\. Gregory commenced in a improving fashion. - 1 After lundi, Peel and Biohardson bowled, the first-named keeping wonderful cunmand I over the ball. Biohardson in his fourth over olean bowled the Australian captain, whose 51 had occupied three hours and tea minute* in oompiling. Score 4-51-148. Darling followed, and the play was painfully slow, Biohardson end Peel be'ng fairly on the spot, and being ably backed np by the field. At 179 Briggs took Peel's place at the «ricket, and in Richardson's next over Gregory enc. combed; olean bowled for 30. The hour fol lowing lunch resultedin 39 runs being scored Lyons joined Darling, and the play livened ap, and the second century quiokly appeared to herald disaster, Lyons being bowled bj Briggs. !.6ooi»6-loV*po. Graham oom menoed bj anything burbie usual style, and he had ohjy scorad 10 when he was given ont }^\^JS^^^t1^'^'«»* Twt lulls fa' :^^^^^^£iö*Ä FBFHpn from belog tan onb. Biohardson db thia period hud scoured S wickets for 8S. At 236 Stoddarfc . put Peel dn at Briggs' end, and Darling hiving discarded stonewalling taotios the game was mnoh more attractive. Thia WBB biB downfall, as in going oat to hit Peel be missed. Soore 9-50-248. MoKibbin was tbtt last man, aid with f jur short of SOO »bead of the Englishman McKibben pût .'Biohardson into Philipaori's hands at short àtop. Thé innings closed for 267. \- ¿t 5.á0Watd and Brdokwell oommeaoed to H. Trott and Giffen. Brookwell Saored a single, off Trott, when he was caught and bowled by Giffen off. bis own bowling. I-5-5: Ward and Stoddarfc played ont time. The reealt was then one for 28. ? MELBOURNE, March 6. Tbë intense excitëment that bad oharas trrised every day of the great rdátoh ieemed io have reached a culminating point to-day, when «ll 1 isared Melbourne started to the M ilbourae Ground to see the Englishmen get or be stopped from getting 269 ' to win. A doll lowering sky portended a wet day, bnt beyond a slight shower at ll the»day was . fine. Tbë wioket was wearing well, and Stoddart at ll and Ward with/,6 tr credit, reshmed their pUeeà at tbë wickets, to the bowling of H. Trott ind Giffen: The first b»llof the day flrovâd fatal- to the English napkin who placed his lef . in front to H: Trott, abd amid deafening applause Stoddard retired as the board showed 2-11-28. Brown, who joinsd Ward, at Once oommenoed to make things merry, knockingup runs in tat «lyle although not all «xáotly safe hits, runs appearing to bis credit in eighteen : minnteB. Giffen haviñ? been toxpensive, the ball went to A. Trott at 65, this appeasing the crowd. At. 87 a seooàdobangë waa ruade; H. Trott giving place to ïtotïbbin. Wbön 118 was reached and no mote wickets down, a oonenitatio'n resulted in Bruce going on in y eoe of A. Trott. Giffen took the ball from MoKibbin. The first hour produced 90; Mo Kibbinat 132dieplaoedBrn6e,andmatter3 now Were decidedly awkward for the Colonials, as both batsmen were treating all the bowling With g>< at impartiality. A double ohange was * made. Lyons going on in place -of MoKibbin and H. Trott displacing Giffen.. At 166 they adjourned for lunch; "Brown' at 80 and 7-m& {ii.: ... After the interval A. Trott went on the railway end. An hour and thirty-fl »e . lainutes saw Brown's 10p registered, wh;ch fcjtused another consultation,: «nd Giffen <e , Uéred. A. Trott, and H. Trott; went on at hts brother's end. At ten. ,minhf¡§s to three the Englishmen were within a hundred -of winning when an appeal against Brown for a catch behind4he wioket* failed to'tliióit anaflirma tlvetesponse. Brown received, well-merited applause as be paBsed MeLaren'e eoore of the \- previous inking*, and tbe^speotators were again roueed to enthusiasm os Ward bit .giffen clean-out of the playing ground for 5, bringing 220 up, and this brought MoKibbin. on at A. Trott'« end, and he bad Brown in fnmbtej and' after oareful play Brown placed $he Bathurst bowler into Giffen's hands. 8--140-288. Brown made hi" »core ia two hourii and 28 minutes, his total including 16 .fepra. With BS inarrear McLaren went in. fi. Trott relieved MoKibbin and Giffen gave the baUifcoA. Trott. Ward didnot reaoh theoen tory/aa H. Trott «lean bowled him. -4-93 278, his «core taking 3 honrs 27 minutes in compilation. Peel joined McLaren, bnt the Australians felt the relief had nome .too late; and no four o'clock adjournment was made, only 19 runs being required. 'Giffen pat him- self on at the pavilion ècd,"«S B forlorn hope, bat nought availed; and Australia saw With saddening eyes the lion go away the -Winner by six wiokets. The attendance to- day totalled 14,256, and the takings £570. The whole attendance at the match was 108,636, end the takings £4,003. Following aretheeoores: Appended ere tbe foll scores i \- Atj8TBAi.iA.N8.-Pirst Innings. Bruce, c McLaren, b Peel ... ... 22 H. Trott, b Briggs ... ... # ... 42 Giffen, b Peel ... ..< ... 57 Iredale, b Biohardson ... ... 8 Gregory, c Philipson, b Peel ... 70 Darling, o For J, b Peel . 74 H;Graham, b Biohardson ... ... 4 -A» X. Trott, o Lockwood, b Peel ... 10 Lyons, c Philipson, b Lookwood ....» 55 . Jarvis, not ont ... . ... ' ... 34 ' MoKibbin, o Peel, b Briggs,,. ... 23 Sundries... ... ... ... 15 Total ... ... ... ... 414 ENGIIÄ-ND.-First Innings. Brookwell, st Jarvis, b H. Trott ... 4 Ward, b MoKibbin ... ; ... 32 Stoddarfc, st Jarvis, b H. Trott ... 68 Brown, b A. Trott ... '.'-wi.. ... 30 McLaren, hit wioket, b H.Trott ... 120 j Peel, c Gregory, b©iffeá ^i v ... 73 ' Lookwood, c H. Trott, b Giffen ... 5 Ford, b A. Trott, bOiffen^ ... Í1 Briggs, o A, Trott, b Giffen ... 0 Biohardson, lbw, b H. Trott . ... ll Philipson, not out ... ... 10 Sundries ' .<> \ 20 Total .?;? 385 Bowling* Giffen, 4 for'130; H. Trott, 4 Afor Iii A. E Trott,»l for 84, four wides ; MoKibbin, 1 for 73. . < AirsTBALiAKB.-Seoónd Lrurings. *Brace,oandb Peel... r "J/' !'V il Jarvie, not ont. 14 McKibbin.o PHtipson, b Biokard aon ., ... ... 18 Sandries... ... . 13 Total..-. 267 Bo wling Analysis : Richardson, nix wickets for 104 ; Peel; three wickets for 89 ; Briggs, one wicket for 27. EWÖLAND.-Seoond innings. Ward, fe H. Trott ... ... 93 Brook well, o and b Giffen ... ... 5 Stoddart, lbw, b H. trott. 1,1 Brown, o G. Giffen, b MoKibbin ... 140 McLaren; not out ... ... ... 20 Peel, not ont..;. 14 Sundries... .... 15 Total, four wwkífts for ... 29*8 Bowling : Giffen, 1 for 106 ; H. Trott, 2* for 63 ; MoKibbin, 1 for 47. TOTA.18. Anatralia, first innings ... ... 414 " Seoond innings ... . ... 267 Grand totil . England, first innings ,, Second innings ... 681 885 29Û 683 Englánd won by sut wiokets. 