Reviewer. Publications Received. "CHAPMAN'S MAGAZINE OF FICTION." A daring venture in the field of litera-<*> ture is made by Messrs. Chapman and Hall with a monthly magazine of fiction which is far and away beyond anything 3 ret attempted in this direction. Such a title is usually associated with publica tions of the well-known " Family Her ald" type, but this is something decided ly out of the common—equal in appear ance and general "get-up" to the most expensive of magazines. The quality of the contained matter, too, is in keeping with the outside. The place of honour is held by Bret flarte, with the first instalment of a new serial story, " In a Hollow of the Hills" ; then come a series of scenes from a London dinner party which1 Mr. Anthony Hope has penned under the title of "Bad Matches" ; a short historical drama by Mr. Stanley J. Weyman ; a thrilling detective story, being an experience of one Inspector Battle, who makes use of Mr. George Ira Brett to put his materials into shape ; a gruesome ghost story by Mr. James Payn. who drops his reader from the sublime heights of mystery to— a moth and candle ; a complete story of sixteen pages by Mr. F. Fraukfort Moore, " Reggie's Rival"; and the prose portion of the magazine is ended by a good instalment of a serial story in scenes, to which Miss (or Mrs. ?) Vio lent Hunt has given the name of "A Hard Woman." As a bonne bouche there is a i>owerfully pathetic ballad by Mr. John Davidson, who depicts in " An End-age Ballad of a Poet Born" the dreary life and final triumph of a genius whose soaring youthful ambition was blighted by years of drudgery, to which hp was compelled by filial devotion. Here we have a sixpeunyworth in which every reader can find full value for his money. The new magazine is indeed a marvel, and as Messrs. Chapman and Hall have made an entirely new depar ture, and one that must meet with appro bation, No. 1. Vol. 1., of their " Magazine of Fiction" is pretty certain to receive the welcome it deserves. THE "FAMILY HERALD." The May part of this popular mega nine i? to hand, with the usual budget of serial aud complete stories and gene rally interesting, information. Aa a companion there is the usual monthly magazine of fiction consisting of a com plete novel, "Keith's Temptation," by the author of "A Desperate Remedy/ " Phyllis's Cousin," and other stories of the kind with which regular readers of Messrs. Stevens's publications are fami liar. NEW MUSIC. The music press continues ta overflow ■with waltzes, and apparently the de mand for anything really fresh easily keeps pace with the supply. Messrs. W. H. Paling: and Co. have supplied us with a copy of ' The Katherine Walts," by Slgnor Guglielmo Lardelli, of Sydney, which should find an easy popularity. After a tuneful introduction the waltz opens with a soft, gliding movement, which insensibly sets the feet going and impresses one as eminently dance able. The second figure opens with full march-like chords, merging pre sently into a tuneful melody very like the flr?t. The other parts of the composi tion, and especially the coda, are effectively written, and withal are decidedly pleasing. The " Actl notus Waltz" is another attractive composition on sale at Messrs. Paling' and Co.'s. It Is written by Margaret Huntley and published by Messrs. Chap pell and Co., of London. A casual glance suffices to show that the waltz is of more than ordinary merit, and further study of it leaves a very favourable im pression. The massive chords with which it opens at once arrest attention, and the effect, though dignified, Is per haps a little sombre. The chief melody of the waltz, however, makee ample amends in its tunefulness, and in the skilful manner in which It has been treated. The arrangement is excellent, and both as a dancing piece and as a composition for the pianoforte the waltz will probably be equally popular. Messrs. Remington and Co. will shortly pub lish an Australian story by the late Oeorge Banlsen, entitled " Windabyne." " The six or seven great magazines of America," Mr. S. S. M'Clure says in the " Bookman," " which reach an aggregate sale of 2,000,000 copies a month, take the place of books and bring the best litera ture of the day to the homes of the people. The magazine system covers the length and breadth of the States. Neighbours lend to each other, and in this way the number of readers may far exceed the number of subscribers. Nearly all the literature of America appears first in magazine form. The people prefer maga zines. For one thing, they cost less. Such a magazine as the ' Century,' which sells at 35 cents, would be impossible in England. Under the advertising system of that country it could not be sold for less than a dollar. In advertisements alone it actually brings in £60,000 a year, and the proprietors can thus afford to sell it at a low price." An improvement has been designed to facilitate the representation on the stage of a vessel at sea, imitating its rocking and swaying motion. It provides for overlaying the regular stage with a false stage, hinged at its forward edge. By a clever mechanical contrivance the rear portion can be raised and lowered and given more or less lateral movement* Granny Gorton's Birthday. Saturday, :21st January, was a great day iv Central Village, in the State of Connecticut, in America. On that day, Mrs. Jonathan Gorton was 100 years old, and formally received her friends, of whom hundreds were present. She wore her best black silk gown, with a rose in the bodice. The .venerable lady, was seated in a comfortable armchair on a platform in the best room of her house. Then the train of callers flled through, each and all shaking hands with her. " Granny Gorton," as she is called, is a trim little body, and very nimbi* on her feet. There was never any tiling ailed her, she says, and, except that her eyesight isn't quite so good as it used to be, she is as active as any wo man of 50. Why has Granny Gorton lived so long? Why is she so active now ? She lets out the secret herself when she says, "There was never anything ailed me." That's it, and all of it. People who live 100 years are not so very rare. The deaths of 45 such wore reported last year in England—22 men and 23 women. Yet, compared to the multitudes 'who die, these are nothing nothing. Can we not keep things from ailing us, and so live as long ns Mrs. Gorton ? Yes, if we will take the trouble to do it! Men and women 100 years old, still vigorous and clear headed, should be a sight so common as not to be remarked, and will be yet in the future. Why not so now ? " Ask yourself the question," as the boatmen' say down on Deal beach. Here's how it is : A woman's tale. She says she fell ill when a girl of about 15\. She lost her appetite, had pains In the sides and chest, frequent headaches, and wns often obliged to lie down on the couch and rest. All this didn't promise long life, did it ?. No ;it was a bad start. Well, she got worse Instead of better. She was often sick, vomited her food, and spitting up a sour fluid. For five years she went on in this way. This brings us to October, 1881. She was then In service as parlour-maid at Lea mington Hastings, Warwickshire. Here she suffered from constant sickness, retching, and heartburn. The chest pains were so bad as to bend her two double. No position that she could take relieved her. Her stomach was so tender and sore that everything she ate pained and dtstressd her. For months and months she only took liquid food milk and beaten eggs, and so on. She got weaker and weaker every day, so she says. Of course; how else could It be ? A doctor at Rugby told her she had "ulceration of the chest." which she didn't at all. What is ulce ration of the chest ? He gave her medicines and advice, but she grew no better on that account. This young lady was now about 20 years old, with a poor outlook for ever being much older. She didn't expect it, nor did her friends. Then another doctor, being consulted, said " ulcesation of the chest," like his medical brother at Rug by. Both wrong. "After six months' medical treat ment," she says, " I gave up my situa tion and returned to my home at Buxton Lamas, Norfolk. This was in June, 1882\. Then I was taken so bad I had to take to my bed. My mother thought I was in a decline." , Now, the word " decline" means con sumption, as we all know ; a disease common in England, and Incurable everywhere. Thousands of bright girls and young men "decline" Into their graves every year in this populous island. Sad enough it Is to see. Well, at this point her good and wise mother Interfered in her daughter's case. She gave the doctors the go-by, and sent to Norwich for some bottles of Mother SelgePs Curative Syrup. In two weeks the young patient began to feel better, and In three months she got a new situation and went to work. " Since then, fifteen years ago," she says, "I have kept in better health than ever before in my life, thanks to Seigel's Syrup. Yours truly, (Signed) (Mrs.) Sarah Eleanor Baker, 8 Kings-street, Church-road, Tottenham, near London, 30th September, 1892." A dozen words more, and we're done. Mrs. Baker's ailment was indigestion and dyspepsia, nothing else, and quite enough. The "ulceration" was inflam mation of the Inner coating of the stomach, a symptom of the disease. We wisbheralongand happy life, and merely add that if all her sex could avoid or cure this one trouble most of them might' live to be as old as " Granny Gorton."— (Advt) Lord Aberdeen believes in the Pau line injunction, " Let all things be done decently and in order," and he took care to remind senators and members of the House of Commons and their ladies of the fact at the opening of the Dominion Parliament on the 18th April. His Excellency had read the Speech from the Throne in English, and was proceeding to read it in French, when such a buzz of conversation set up. Suddenly the vice-regal voice ceased. "If," said Lord Aberdeen sternly, "this noise is not stopped I shall not read another word." Black Rod then called out " Silence ! Silence ! Silence !" and this, or the Governor-General's threat to leave Parliament half-opened, had the desired effect. What, we wonder (says the " Canadian Gazette'), would have happened, had the Speech bewi left only half read 8 