SONS OF FIRE. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BT MISS BRADDON. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ' CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) "Can ono get a look at her? Does she go to Matchara Church?" "Never. That Is another of her eccen tricities. She either goes to that funny old church you may have noticed right among the Quids— Filbury Parish Church— nearly six miles from Dlscorabo, or she drives thirteen miles to Salisbury Cathedral. I believo she sometimes plays the organ at Filbury. The organ was lior gift, by the way. They had only a wTotched harmo nium when she came to Discombe." "I shall go to Filbury Church next Sun day," said Allan. "Shall you? I hope you are not forget ting tho lapse of time. This interesting widow Is only Interesting from a psycho logical standpoint, remember. She must he five and forty years of age. Not even Cleopatra would havo been Interesting at forty-five." "I cm under no hallucination as to tho lady's age. I want to see the mother of Geoffrey Wornock. It is Geoffrey Wornoclc in whom I am interested." "Egotistical person! Only because Geof frey is like you." "Is thero any man living who would not ho interested in his double?" "Ah, but he is not your double! The village mind is given to exaggeration. He has not your firm chin, nor your thought ful brow. His faco is a reminiscence of yours. It. is weaker in every characteris tic, in every line. You are tho substance, ho the reflection." "Now, you are laughing at my egotism, and developing my vanity." "No, believe me. no!" protested Mrs. Mornington, gaily. "I see you both with all your defects and qualities. You have the stronger character, but you havo not Geoffrey's fascinating personality. His very faults are attractive. He is by no means effeminate; yot there is something womanish in his nature which makes wo men fond of him. He has inherited his mother's sensitive, dreamy, temperament. I feel sure he would see a ghost if there wero oue in the neighborhood. The ghost would go to him instinctively, as dogs go unbidden to certain people — sometimes to peoplo who don't ca.ro about them; whilo the genuine dog-lover may he doing his best to attract how-wow's attention, and failing ignotniniously." "Every word you say increases my in terest in Mr. Wornock. In a neighbor hood like this, whore everybody is sensible and commonplace and conventional, ex cepting always your brilliant self— Mrs. Mornington nodded, and put her feet on the fender— "It is so delightful to meet someono who does not move just on lhe common lines, and is not worked by the common machinery." "You will And dbthins common about Geoffrey." sn.id the lady. "I have known him since he was a liule white boy in a black velvet, suit., and ho was just, as enig matical to me the day he left for Bombay as he was on his seventh birthday. I know- that ho has winning manners, and that T am very fond of him; and that, is all I know about him." Allan drove to Filbury on tho following Sunday, and was in his place in the little old parish church ten minutes before tho service began. The high oak pews were not favorable to his getting a good view of the congregation, since, when seated, the top of his head was only on a level with the top of his pew; but by leaving tho door of the pew ajar ho contrived to see Mrs. Wor-. nock as she went up the narrow aisle— nave there was none, tho pews forming a solid square in the centre of the church. Y'es, he was assured that slim graceful figure in a plain grey cashmere gown and grey straw bonnet must, be Mrs. Wornock, and no other. Indeed, the inference was easily arrived at, for the rest, of the congregation belonged obviously io the small tenant far mer and agricultural laborer class— the wo men folk homely and ruddy-cheeked, the men ponderous, and ill at ease in their Sunday clothes. The lady in the grey gown made her way quietly to a pew that, occupied the angle of tho church nearest the pulpit and read ing-desk— Lhe old three-decker arrangement for clerk, parson, and preacher. Mr. Wor nock was patron of the living of Filbury and Discombe, and this large pew had be longed to the Wornoclts ever since the re building of the church In Charles II. 's reign, a year or two after the manor house was built, when the estate, which had hitherto been an outlying possession of tho Wornocks, hecame their place of residence, and most important property. Allan could see only the lady's profile from his place in the body of the church — a delicate profile, worn, as if with long years of thoughtfulness; a sweet, sad faco that had lost all freshness of coloring, but. had gained tbo spiritual beauty which grows in thought and solitude, where there are no vulgar cares to harass and vex the mind. A pensive peacefulness was the chief cbaractedistic of the face, Allan thought, when the lady turned towards the orraa during lhe "To Demn." listening to the vil lage voices, which sang truer than village voices generally do. Allan submitted to the slow torture of a very long sermon about, nothing in particu lar. on a text in Nchemiah, which sugges ted not the faintest bearing on the Chris tian life — a sermon preached by an elderly gentleman in a black silk gown, whose elo- o.uence would have been more impressive bad his false teeth been a better fit. After the sermon there was a hymn, and the old- fashioned plate was carried round by a blacksmith, whom Allan recognised as a man who had fast.cned his hunter's shoe one day at a little forge on the outskirts of Filbury. in tho midst of a run; and then tho little congregation quietly dispersed, after an exchange of friendly greetings between the church door and tho lych-gate. Allan's gig was waiting for him near the gate, and a Victoria, on which he recog nised the Wornock crest— a dolphin crown ed—stood In the shade of a row of limes, which marked tho boundary of the Vicarage garden. Allan waited a little, expecting to see Mrs. Wornock come out; and then, as she did not appear, he re-entered tho churchyard, and strayed among moss-' mantled tombstones, reading tho village names, the village histories of birth aud death, musing, as lie read, upon the long oventless years which mako the sum of rustic lives. Tlio blue pure sky, the perfume of a bean field in flower, (.he hawthorns in undulating masses of snovry blossom, and here and there, in the angles of the meadows, the heaped-up gold ®f furze bushes that were more bloom than bush — all these made life to-day a sensuous delight which exacted no questionings of the intellect, suggested no doubt as to the bliss of living. If it wero always thus — a crust, of bread and cheeso under such a sky, a bed in tho hollow of yonder bank between the bean field and clovor, would suffice for a man's content, Allan thought, as he stood on a knoll in God's acre, and looked down upou the meadows that rose and foil over ridge and hollow with gentle undulations between Fil bury and Discombe. What had become of Mrs. Wornock? Ho had rnado the circuit of the burial-ground, pausing often to road an epitaph, but never relaxing his watchfulness of the carriage yonder, waiting under tho limes. The car riage was there still, and there war, no sign of Mrs. Wornock. Was there a cele bration? No; he had seen all the congrega tion leave the church, except the mistress of that curtained pew in the corner near tho pulpit. Presently tho broad, strong chords of a prelude were poured out upon the still all — a prelude by Sebastian Haeh, masterful, imposing — followed by a fugue, whose deli cate Intricacies were exquisitely rendered by the player. Standing in the sunshine listening to that grand music, Allan re membered what Mrs. .Mornington had told him. The player was Mrs. Wornock. He had seen the professional organist and schoolmaster leave tho church with his flock of village boys. .Mrs. Wornock had lingered in the church to gratify herself with the music she loved. Ho sauntered and loitered near the open window, listening to the music, for nearly an hour. Then the organ sounds melted away in one last, long rallentando. and presently he heard the heavy old key turn in the heavy old lock, and tho lady in grey came slowly along the path to tho lychgat.e, followed by a clumsy boy, who looked like u smaller edition of I the blacksmith. Allan stood within a few yards of the pathway to see her go by, hoping to be himself uuobscrved, screened by the angle of an old monument, where rust had eaten away the railing, and moss und lichen had encrusted the pompous Latin epitaph, while the dense growth of ivy had muffled the funeral urn. Here, in the shadow nf ostentation's futile monu ment, he waited for that slander and still youthful form to pass. In figure, the widow of twenty years looked like a girl, and the face which turned quickly towards Allan, her keen ear having caught the rustle of the long grass under his (read, had the delicacy of out line and transparent fairness of youth. The cheek had lost its girlish roundness, and the large grey eye was somewhat sunken beneath the thoughtful brow. Involuntarily Allan recalled a loug familiar line — "Thy cheek is pale with thought, and no; with care." That expression of tranquil thoughtfulness ' changed in an instant as she looked at him; changed to astonishment, interroga tion, which gradually softened to a grave curiosity, an anxious scrutiny. Then, as If becoming suddenly aware of her breach of good manners, the heavy eyelids sank, and a faint blush colored the thin cheeks, and sho hurried onward to the gate, where the carriage had drawn up in readiness for her. Her footman, in a sober brown livery, was holding lhe gate open for her. Her horses were shaking their bridles. Sho stepped lightly into the Victoria, nodded adieu to the schoolboy who had blown the organ bellows, and vanished into the leafy distance of tho lane. "So that is my double's mother. An in teresting face, a graceful figure, and a lady to the tips of her fingers. Whether she is county or not county, Geoffrey Wornock has no cause to ho ashamed of his mother. Nothing would induce mo to think ill of that woman." He brooded on that startled expression which had Hashed across Mrs. Wornock's faco as she looked at him. CHcarly she, too, had seen the likeness which he bore to her son. "I wonder whether it pains her to be re minded of him when he is far away," speculated Allan, "or whether she feels kindly towards mo for the sake of that absent son?" This question of bin was answered three days later by the lady's own hand. Among the letters on Allan's breakfast-table on Wednesday morning there was one in a strange penmanship, which took his breath away, for on tho envelope, in bold brown letters, appeared the address, Discombe Manor. Ho thrust all his other leMers aside — those uninteresting letters which besiege the man who is supposed to have money to spend, from tradesmen who want to work for him, charities who want, to do good for him. stock-jobbers who want, to speculate for him — the whole race of spiders in quest of the worried fly. He tore open the letter from Discombe Manor, and eagerly de voured the following lines: — "Dear Sir, — "People tell me that you are kind and amiable, and I am emboldened by this as surance to ask you a favor. Etiquette for bids me t,o call upon you, and as I rarely visit anybody, T havo no opportunity of meeting you casually in the houses of othor people; but you can, if you like, gTatify a solitary woman by letting her make your acquaintance in her own house; and per haps when my son comes home on leave, the acquaintance so begun may ripen into friendship. I dare say peoplo have told you that you aro like him, and you will hardly wonder at my wishing to see more of a face that, reminds me of my nearest and dearest. "T am generally at home in the after noon. "Vory truly yours. "E. Wornock." "E. Wornock!" he repeated, studying the signature. "Why no Christian name? And what, is the name this initial represents? Eliza, perhaps — and she sinks it. thinking it. common and housemaidish — forgetting how Ben Jonson, by that housomaidish name, does designate the most glorious of queens. Possibly Ellen — a milk-and-water name, with less of dignity than Eliza; or Emily, my mother's name— graceful, but somewhat colorless. T have never thought it good enough for so fino a character as my mother. She should have been Kathe- rinc or Margaret, Gertrude, or Barbara, names that, have a fulness of sound, which implies fulness of meaning. I will call at Discombe Manor this afternoon. Delay would be. to the last degree, churlish — and I want to seo what Geoffrey Wornock's homo is like." (To be continued.) 